Jars Education Group Menu Home Jars Education Group About Us President’s Message Services Blog Contact Us GET STARTED Jars Education Group Transforming Minds!Restoring People and Organizations Explore Our ServicesContact Us Jars Education GroupOur Mission We are on a mission to provide purpose-focused solutions and therapeutic services that help people and companies achieve optimal performance, productivity and profit. OUR SERVICES Jars group exists to solve the critical issues facing our clients, individuals and corporate, large and small. VIEW OUR SERVICES OUR APPROACH Our unique purpose and solution focused approach is not only what differentiates us, but also what makes us successful CONTACT US OUR VISION Our Vision is to be the organization of choice for individuals and companies who want to make a positive impact in their communities LEARN MORE OUR SERVICES Jars Therapeutics Therapeutic counseling, interventions and treatments; Therapy Clinics, care centers; physical and virtual workshops, Research into therapeutic treatments and interventions LEARN MORE Jars Consulting Global Education consulting, School Management consulting, Corporate Training and Personnel development consulting and Corporate Training LEARN MORE Jars Institute Professional education in Behavioral and mental health, Leadership and Personal Development LEARN MORE Jars Publishing We believe that books are containers of truths, philosophies and stories that transform lives. LEARN MORE Transforming Minds!JARS EDUCATION GROUP Jars Education Group’s (JEG) Purpose-focused approach transforms the professional and personal development landscape. It is a fact that most information disseminated during presentations is soon forgotten. At Jars Education, we understand how to reconnect you and your team to meaningful work. Purpose gives work meaning, influences behaviors, and shapes goals. It is the why behind the work. Human beings are wired for meaningful work; for that reason all our workshops and training utilize our purpose-focused approach. A purpose-minded workforce will remain committed and energized. Our promise at Jars Education is to remain connected until you have mastered and implemented your new skill sets. Consistency We are Consistent in solving critical inter and intrapersonal issues facing our clients Improvement Restore people and organizations to optimal health and productivity. Training Train leaders and trainers who will impact their communities positively Trusted by PractitionersGREAT REVIEWS FOR OUR SERVICES "Amazing Content" It was an amazing event and I learnt soooo much. In my line of work and ministry as a Thought Transformation Coach, attending the {ITIC} program has enabled me to help my clients better and more effectively. KEMI OYESOLAMental health coach "Top Notch Expertise" I attended the ITIC Program, where I learned so much about trauma. The Program helped me to reflect on my past trauma and how to deal with them. Jars Education Institute Programs are hands on and top notch. KIKE ADEBIYITrauma Informed Care Practitioner "Totally Recommend" Attending a Jars Education Institute Certification Program was one of my dividends of the disruption in the year 2020, we had highly qualified professionals in the faculty. I totally recommend the Institute IRENE OLUMESEFaith-informed Transformational Coach Searching for a First-Class Mental Health Group?GET SOLUTIONS FAST Get a Quote here Restoring People and Organizations! Purpose should be a business imperative. Organizations will see economic benefits while employees see personal benefits. Building for the future in today’s rapidly evolving environment means developing solid organizational health. We translate this by providing high-quality Wellness workshops and conferences to schools, organizations; staff and executives; business owners, employees and managers; individuals and community groups; faith-based organizations and NGOs. Our Mental Wellness programs include training for Entrepreneur Mental Health, Stress and Promotion, Mental Health First Aid, Managers and Mental Wellness, The Culture of Wellness, When Loss happens at Work, Mental Health of the 'Other', Minority Mental Wellness, Mindfulness, Stress, etc. All tailor made to fit your organization. Contact Us LATEST NEWSOUR ANNOUNCEMENTS View All View All Get in Touch Come and visit our quarters or simply send us an email anytime you want. We are open to all suggestions from our clients. CONTACT US Jars Education Group 17595 Harvard Ave, Ste C-678, Irvine, CA 92614 +1 909-681-0530, +23470 5629 0985 info@jarseducation.com, admin@jarseducation.com FOOTER MENU Home About Us Services Blog Contact Us LATEST POSTS SUBSCRIBE Get latest updates and offers. Copyright © Jars Education Group. All rights reserved. Input your search keywords and press Enter.