FSD School |Jodhpur Pakhar 94781-67429 ,99153-06886 , 94642-30342 , 90568-07494 Online Admission Form (Session 2024-25) | Call Now01655-239342 , 90568-07494 Our Location Village: Jodhpur Pakhar, Bathinda Home About us About us Our Founder Vision Principal Desk Management Committee Mendatory Public Disclosure ACADEMIC Mode of Admission Infrastructure Staff Detials Uniform Fee Structure School Rules Careers Photo Gallery Photo Gallery Media Gallery Video Gallery Tutorial Class Download Transfer Certificate Syllabus Book List Download Document Contact us Thought For The Day : “A strong woman understands that the gifts such as logic, decisiveness, and strength are just as feminine as intuition and emotional connection. She values and uses all of her gifts.” Managing Director S. Birballa Singh Jatan Read More Chairman S. Kuldeep Singh Maan Read More Principal S. Devinder Singh Sidhu Read More About us “Let Learning Be A Joy And Teaching A Pleasure” National Convent Senior Secondary School, Moga (Pb.) is committed to provide a congenial atmosphere to the pupils where they can develop their innate powers and achieve great heights without losing their individuality. NCSSS endeavours to draw out the best from the children and assist them to craft their personality. In addition, it inspires its pupils to move ahead with the times to accomplish their goals. At the same time it keeps them rooted to their valued spiritual thoughts, traditions and culture while they imbibe the nobler qualities of simplicity tolerence, courtesy, humility, compassion, love & universal brotherhood. Read More Principal Desk These words by Franklin D. Roosevelt perfectly describe our aim at National Convent Senior Secondary School, Moga. The School, beside providing a sound education, we wish to provide our students a holistic learning experience for life. Our aim is to teach the scholars to learn, not just study. Hence, we strive to travel beyond the fountains of books. We have realized that the future is abstract and unknown but the youth in our hands are real and can be moulded. Dear children, you are the builders of the nation, you are the movers and shakers, you can be the change and bring the change. The entire purpose of education is not to restrict itself to imparting bookish knowledge only but to inculcate humanitarian values like wisdom, compassion, courage, humility, integrity and reliability in a student. We believe that every child has the right to work in a clam, orderly, safe and secure environment. Read More Our Shining Star News & Notice Board Admission Open Session 2023-24 Immediately Required PGTs - Political Science, History, Economics, English & B.Tech/MCA (to teach Artificial Intelligence & coding).Free accommodation for outstation candidates. View All News & Notice Board... Student Query Form Submit Reset Latest Achievements FIRST WEEK OF SCHOOL ACTIVITIES: MEMORABLE MOMENTS Athletic Meet Read More Sports Day Read More Morning Assembly in my school Read More School Infrastructure RO WATER School Bus Facility Library Biology Lab Smart Class Swings for kids Sports Ground Physics Lab Chemistry Lab Computer Lab Fire Fighting System CCTV Cameras Music Room Art Room School Affiliated Seeking Admission for your child ? The best P.S.E.B affiliated school with ultra modern infrastructure and child friendly teaching environment. The NCSSS school offers highest quality of education through its branches. 94781-67429 ,99153-06886 , 94642-30342 , 90568-07494 fsdschool7@gmail.com Village: Jodhpur Pakhar , Bathinda Useful Links Photo Gallery Media Gallery Alumni School Staff Syllabus Admin Login BULK SMS Login Facebook Post Map Location © Copyright 2024 , GK Web Developers - Bathinda. All Rights Reserved