Powerful eCommerce Platform for Global Selling , Product catalog +919088110999 Mail Us: [email protected] Home Services Amazon SPN Service Traning Service For Amazon Account Launching Amazon Amazon Product Listing And Cataloging Amazon Account Managment Service Brand Store Page Creation For Amazon Enhanced Brand Content For Amazon Sponsored Ads For Amazon Intellectual Property Rights For Amazon Global Extension For Amazon Suspended Account Reconciliation For Amazon Social Media Marketing eBay Flipkart Services Flipkart Product Listing Service Account Managment Service For Flipkart Flipkart Service Provider Google AdWords Web Designing Amazon Seller Services Amazon Seller Registration Amazon FBA Account Amazon Product Listing Service Amazon Brand Store Design Amazon Account Managment Service Amazon Advertising Service Amazon Boost Service Amazon Suspend Account Reactivation Amazon Virtual Assistant Amazon SEO Consultant Agencay About Account Managment Amazon India Account Managment Services Amazon USA Account Managment Services Flipkart Account Managment Services eBay Account Managment Services Meesho Account Managment Services JioMart Account Managment Services WalMart Account Managment Services Pricing Contact Welcome To Reliq Eagle Welcome To Reliq Eagle Our business is taking care of your business About Us Reliq Eagle is a company founded in the year 2018 in Bodhgaya, Gaya, Bihar with a motto to generate employment in Bihar and play a crucial role to provide opportunity to educated people who wish to live in their native city and work in prestigious companies like in other metro cities. We have always focussed on quality rather than quantity and that’s why we have a set of clients from all over India and other parts of the world like the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Turkey, China Etc. The last 5 years would not have been possible without a hardworking, sincere and dedicated team... For More Information At Reliq Eagle, we help our clients to adopt trending best practices to enhance profitability. We are a team of enthusiastic, passionate and experienced professionals who will walk you through each step of the Amazon process. Our interactions are personalized according to your needs. Solutions For Every One We can help you cut through the noise, find your audience and deliver your brand story at its best. We are dedicated to authentic brand stories and use journalistic methods to create the largest possible value for both your budget and your audience. Amazon Solutions Best rated eCommerce platform to sell products all over the world. As per market researchers, Amazon market share projected to be 50% by 2022. Flipkart Services Flipkart has been consumer choice in past few years and expected to grow by 50% after Walmart coming into picture. Google AdWords Google need no introduction and always been used for purchasing decision. No platforms seems to be alternative for next few decades. Web Designing Helps in the company’s marketing with kick start launch. Reliq Eagle incorporates impressive designs, solution-based graphical and analytical representation to maximize conversion. Social Media Marketing It is becoming more popular for both practitioners and researchers. Reliq Eagle helps you on a strategic level, social media marketing includes the management of ... eBay eBay helps you to build, manage, promote, and track your business. it also helps you to take advantage of Social Media and Expands your market ... Our Services Our team is trained to provide the best online business solutions for Amazon (US, UK, DE, FR, IT and ES), Flipkart, Google Adword and Social Media Marketing. Products Catalog/Listing Get your products listed on the eCommerce portals or on your website with best SEO techniques. Present your products to standalone in competition. Pay-Per-Click Optimization (PPC) PPC is an internet advertising model in which advertiser pays when a visitor clicks on Ads.We help to convert visitors into buyers. Account Reinstatement Humans are in continuous learning process. We do mistake, learn and stand again to grow. With whatever reason you account got suspended, we will help you to get it back. Social Media Marketing Days are gone for where we need to spend Million $$$$ to introduce products to buyer. Use the latest social media like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc. to spread brand awareness. Our Testimonial Rick Vogt Sweater Chalet "I am in contact with Reliq since Jan 2018 for general consultancy and availed Amazon Advertisement Optimization services. My Account Manager is available almost 24x7 via WhatsApp/Skype. I highly recommend RELIQEAGLE as one of the best in the field for Amazon Advertising execution for their hands on and high tech results." Selman Cumali Managing Director -Y & S Trading "I have been working with Reliq for six months. He used to go above and beyond to meet my needs. He is knowledgeable and well versed in the Amazon systems, understands really well how amazon technologies work and can advise on many topics beyond PPC. I would give him the outstanding review. Reliq is all-rounded professional and always available to address issues." Sergey Sales Manager Memiaselection "My friend recommended Reliqeagle Consultancy services. I'm also happy with their fast and solution-based work. I hope I will not have such kind of problems in the future, but if I'll have again, I will not look for another company. Thanks a lot!" Frequently Asked Queries Efficiently productivate reliable paradigms before ubiquitous models. Continually utilize frictionless expertise whereas tactical relationships. Still have questions? Contact us Why to Choose Reliq Eagle over others ? Our content are according to amazon policies Best uses of high search volume and long-tail keywords Correct representation of a product to eradicate wrong description complaints. Boost Conversion Rate What are my goals? Your advertising goals will shape your strategy. If driving sales is your priority, focus on converting ad clicks into orders. Track your Advertising Cost of Sale (ACOS), which is calculated by dividing your total ad spend by total sales from advertising. If creating brand awareness is your priority, focus on impressions. Impressions are the number of times your ad is seen. Set strong cost-per-click bids to help you win more keywords. Which products should I advertise? Choosing the right products will help you accomplish your advertising goals. Select products that are in stock, priced competitively, winning the Featured Offer, and receiving a high number of visits. Are my product detail pages ready? Review the product detail pages of the products you choose to advertise. We recommend your product detail pages include: 1.Accurate, descriptive titles. 2.High-quality images 3.Relevant product information 4.At least five bullet points What is Account setup? We help you to launch your account on Amazon within 60 minutes.What we need?. We need following list of details: 1. Legal Name of Business 2. Email Id 3. Mobile Number 4. Business Address 5. GSTIN Number(Only for Amazon.in) 6. Identity Proof 7. Bank Account Details 8. Credit Card Number(Only for Amazon.com & Amazon.co.uk) with Expiry Date what is Amazon PPC Troubleshooting? PPC proved to be boon in the era of ocean of products. Only Advertisement help to show offer to buyers. 90% of buyers make their purchase decision by comparing products/brands on page 1. You must have got now, 93% of relevant products do not get chance to be seen by their esteemed buyers. Previously, advertisers were paying to marketers for showing their products to buyers but Amazon created a revolution by bringing PPC concept i.e. Pay-Per-Click. Now, advertisers need to pay when someone click on their ads rather for watching. OUR LEVEL OF BRILLIANCE. "Professional & Outstanding ideas of our passionate team makes us unique in every sense. Our Services. Our services are delivered by our team with years of experience and are passionate about developing business." GRAPHIC DESIGN ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT WEB DEVELOPMENT CUSTOMER SUPPORT Start Selling Today Contact Our Expert Team Book Free Consultant Full Name * Mobile * Subject * Submit 🍪 Do you like cookies? We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more Accept Talk to us? Domestic Flipkart Seller Services Flipkart Account Management Services Flipkart Listing And Cataloging Flipkart Sales Boost Services How To Sell On Flipkart In India Flipkart Seller Registration Amazon.in Seller Services Amazon Account Management Services Amazon Listing And Cataloging Services Amazon Sales Boost Services Amazon FBA Services How To Sell On Amazon In India Meesho Seller Services Meesho Account Management Services Meesho Listing And Cataloging Meesho Sales Boost Services Meesho Seller Registration How To Sell On Meesho In India JioMart Seller Services JioMart Account Management Services JioMart Listing And Cataloging JioMart Sales Boost Services JioMart Seller Registration How To Sell On JioMart In India International Amazon.com Seller Services Amazon.com Account Management Amazon Listing And Cataloging Services Amazon Sales Boost Services Amazon FBA Services How To Sell On Amazon Globally Etsy Seller Services Etsy Account Management Services Etsy Listing And Cataloging Services Etsy Sales Boost Services Etsy Seller Registration How To Sell On Etsy eBay Seller Services eBay Account Management Services eBay Listing And Cataloging Services eBay Seller Registration eBay Sales Boost Services How To Sell On eBay Alibaba Seller Services Alibaba Account Management Services Alibaba GGS Services Sell on Alibaba Dropshipping on Alibaba Alibaba Minisite Design Alibaba Product Listing Best Verified Suppliers on Alibaba Website Designing Website Designing Company in India Website Designing Company in Delhi Website Designing Company in Surat Gujrat Website Designing Company in Gaya Website Designing Company in Bihar Website Development Website Development Company in India Website Development Company in Delhi Website Development Company in Surat Gujrat Website Development Company in Gaya Website Development Company in Bihar SEO Best SEO Company in India Best SEO Company in Delhi Best SEO Company in Surat Gujrat Best SEO Company in Gaya Best SEO Company in Bihar Ecommerce Development Ecommerce Development Company in India Ecommerce Development Company in Delhi Ecommerce Development Company in Surat Gujrat Ecommerce Development Company in Gaya Ecommerce Development Company in Bihar Information SBV Global Selling FlipKart Business Name Careers Feedback Services Our Blogs GST Registration Site Map Customer Support Call Us(IN): +91-9088110999 , Mail Us: [email protected] Address: Behind Budha Niwas, Domuhan-Bodhgaya Rd, Bodh Gaya, Bihar 824231 Stay in Touch! Follow us on our social networks! Copyright ©2022 Designed and Developed by Reliq Eagle