Musica Nova Home About Us CEO / Founder Academy Advisory Board Founder & CEO Policy Support Us Musica Nova Productions Ltd Promotional Packages Study Disciplines and Teachers Music Wonderland Vocal Studies Piano Accordion Strings Wind Instruments Percussion A World of New Talents Music Wonderland Singing, classical, contemporary Piano Violin & Guitar Flute and saxophone Exams: grades, diplomas, GCSE music Musical Theatre and Acting Classes Music technology and composition Music theory, aural training & musicianship classes Online lessons SHOP Reviews Contacts Student Registration Teacher Registration Перейти на русскую версию Facebook Youtube Twitter Instagram Contact us to book a trial lesson Musica Nova International Academy of Music Home About Us CEO / Founder Academy Advisory Board Founder & CEO Policy Support Us Musica Nova Productions Ltd Promotional Packages Study Disciplines and Teachers Music Wonderland Vocal Studies Piano Accordion Strings Wind Instruments Percussion A World of New Talents Music Wonderland Singing, classical, contemporary Piano Violin & Guitar Flute and saxophone Exams: grades, diplomas, GCSE music Musical Theatre and Acting Classes Music technology and composition Music theory, aural training & musicianship classes Online lessons SHOP Reviews Contacts Student Registration Teacher Registration Musica Nova International Academy of Music "A music wonderland transforming young talented artists into the hottest stars of tomorrow” — Stuart Penney. London Independent Locals. Five reasons to study at the Musica Nova Academy Music tuition and UK music diplomas from the leading registered Learning Provider in the UK (UKRLP). Guaranteed top quality music tuition from top British and European professional musicians, teachers and producers. A wide range of learning programmes at all levels for children from 3.5 years old and adults. Preparation for: Grade, Performance Diplomas (ABRSM, Trinity, Rockschool), GCSE and A-level music exams, auditions and recording sessions. Concert experience and performances outside of the Academy. Lessons for children and adults from a comfort of your home anywhere in the world, online or at the professional music studios in Central London, UK. Learn Music, Gain Confidence, Be Creative. All our programmes are structured and designed for Beginners (Initial - Grade 3), Intermediate (Grade 4 & 5), advanced levels (Grades 6-8 and performance diplomas). Choose a program Online & Offline Piano Lessons for beginners, intermediate, advanced, individually tailored to your needs and schedule. Online & Offline Singing (classical, musical theatre, pop) Discover and develop your voice, confidence and presentation skills. Online & Offline Strings: Violin, guitar, ukulele Аcoustic, electric. Lessons for all levels. 1:1 and ensemble workshops, for all ages/abilities. Online & Offline Woodwind: saxophone and flute Lessons for all levels. Learn classical repertoire and jazz improvisation, gain technical skills and create your own portfolio. Online & Offline Song writing, music theory, aural training At the Musica Nova we wholeheartedly support students wishing to create and compose. The course is open to intermediate/advanced level students. Online & Offline "Music Wonderland" & Kid’s Music Club Online & Offline 'A World of New Talents' Summer master classes and workshops New from September 2023! Group lessons Online & Offline Preparation for auditions, Grade Exams and Post-graduate Music Performance Diplomas Online & Offline Music theory, aural training & musicianship classes Who said that theory lessons might be boring? The Musica Nova Academy has developed its own methods and approach on teaching music theory and aural training. Reviews Song of joy London Independent Locals, Stuart Penney Musical Youth Musical Youth Presentation’s The Key To Success Camden New Journal Musica Nova Kent & Sussex Herald and Post.Issue 27. Page 9 See all reviews Transforming young talented artists into the hottest stars of tomorrow since 2001 play "You Raise Me Up" - Evgenia Terentieva play Stars of the Albion Judges Gala Concert play "Ari Pari" - Erik - Depi Mankakan Evratesil 2018 play Yuri Verevkin. Gala Concert All video Exams: Grades, Diplomas, GCSE music ABRSM (Associated Board of Royal Schools of Music) ABRSM offers Prep Tests and Grade Exams practical syllabuses for over 35 subjects from Piano to Percussion, and from Harpsichord to Horn. There is a separate Jazz syllabus for Flute, Clarinet, Sax, Trumpet, Trombone, Piano and Ensembles Rockschool International Music and Performance Arts Exam Board We are pleased to operate as a public exam centre for RSL Awards. Any student learning an instrument through the Rockschool graded music system can come to us to take their exam during any of Rockschool's set exam periods throughout the year. Rockschool offer qualifications in Piano, Keys, Electric, Acoustic and Bass Guitar, Ukulele, Vocals, Drums, Music Theory and Music Production. Each grade is fully accredited by all the UK regulatory bodies with grades 6 – 8 carrying UCAS points to bolster university applications. If you want to know more about Rockschool or have any further questions, please head over to their website https://www.rslawards.com/ Graded music exams are offered on Guitar, Bass, Drums, Vocals, Piano, Band Based Keys. For further information please visit: https://www.rslawards.com/ Trinity College London Trinity music exams are officially recognised by the Office of Qualifications and Examinations Regulation (Ofqual) and by education authorities worldwide. Read more Musica Nova International Music Academy 2023/2024 TERM DATES AUTUMN TERM 2023 First day: Monday 11th September Last day: Saturday 16th December Half Term: Monday 23rd October - Saturday 28th October SPRING 2024 First day: Monday 8th of January Last day: Thursday 28th March Half Term: Monday 12th - Saturday 17th February SUMMER 2024 First day: Monday 15th April Last day: Saturday 13th of July Half Term: Monday 27th May - Saturday 1st June Contact us to book a trial lesson "Musica Nova" International Academy of Music is a trading name of Musica Nova Productions Limited "Musica Nova" Academy is registered on the UK Register of Learning Providers (UKRLP) UK Provider Number: 10044671 Office Hours 10:00 - 19:00 Monday - Saturday 11:00 - 15:00 Sunday Need information? Contacts Tel: +44(0) 7765 845 489 musicanovaacademy@gmail.com Website: www.musicanova.org.uk "What a team of genius musicians! Thank you all!" H.S.H. Princess Natalya G. Eromina Youssoupoff "Throughout the years, I have known and had the pleasure of encountering Evgenia Terentieva. She has a combination of talent one would rarely find in our time.." Doreen Wells Lady Londonderry "The Musica Nova establishment bears the hallmark of excellence..." Derek Leask. Music Critic, UK Created by 1WebMaster