Darford Holding Limited About Us Services Clients Contacts Specializing in communications for various industry sectors Our approach isn’t a one-way broadcast: it’s a three-way conversation. Our success is based on a firmly-held belief that PR should add value to a client’s business, supporting sales efforts and ultimately helping to drive fund flows through quality editorial coverage. We are passionate about helping our Clients flourish, providing expertise that helps businesses use communications, marketing and media to grow. Services As well-connected specialists in consumer lifestyle PR, we deliver smart promotional strategies, media relations, captivating copywriting, social media programs, press events, and more. Whether your goal is to build brand loyalty, introduce a new product, overtake a competitor, or world domination, we will put together a creative and comprehensive public relations strategy that will help you reach your objectives. We believe that every client is unique, and so are their campaigns. Darford has long-standing contacts with regional and international media, spanning the entire spectrum from print, to broadcast and online. The media industry is constantly changing, and we make it our business to be in the thick of things to continually forge strong relationships with prominent journalists, bloggers, freelance writers, photographers, stylists and other key influencers. We use our analytics capabilities to spot emerging trends that are ripe for media comment and campaigns, and help clients maximize the quality and quantity of press coverage and thought leadership with influencers, all the while measuring the impact obsessively. We use equal measures of science and art to deliver PR success that also leads to business growth. Darford is all about combining genuine insight with creative storytelling to move the needle for clients. Communications & PR Strategy Launch Campaigns Collaborations & Partnerships Event Management Media Relations Investor Relations Clients Providing high-impact media coverage is at the heart of our work, but it’s not all we do. We look at the bigger picture, providing a holistic approach to tech PR that incorporates all your business channels. Each campaign is carefully constructed around your brand’s business objectives. Our highly qualified, senior journalists and media experts work closely with brands, producing high quality content and editorial. Our close relationships with industry journalists allow us to deliver coverage across the media, including national, tech, trade, and business publications. Our work is results-driven, with proven ROI. We pride ourselves in serving brands that we believe in. We will not pitch a story that we are not passionate about, and we won’t take on a new client until we have tried and tested, poked and prodded everything they have to offer. In turn, our clients benefit by receiving a creative and strategic publicity campaign with our unwavering personal attention. Contacts Our Location Darford Holding Limited +44 7938 596173 MW Tower 111 Bonham Strand Sheung Wan Hong Kong Send Message © 2022 Darford. All Rights Reserved X