Vetri Science ingots Vetriscience Vetriscience Victoria Health Care ingots About Our Product Introduction Jelly Care Emotions Stable Healthcare Instal Health Urology Power Care Building Location Contact Our Product Information Product Information , Aymethyleine, glucosamine, MSM, and other experiments have confirmed active ingredients that help joint health.According to the study, if you continue to eat for 4 weeks, you can care for the support of dog joints and peripheral muscles.Detailed introduction of emotional stability and clinical evidence is effective. It can play a role in 30 minutes. It can sustainly help pets to maintain calm and relax for up to 4 hours. Manage the poor behavior caused by stress.No side effects, not affecting pet personality and vitality.Detailed introduction of gastrointestinal health uses the US FDA approved patent Geneden BC30® spores, spores, to resist gastric acid and maintain digestive tract function.Each capsule contains up to 120 million patented gastric acid spores, which allows probiotics to reach the intestinal tract to play a role, adjust the intestinal bacteria ecology, and maintain the digestive tract function.Detailed introductions to urinary care to care for the overall urinary system of love cats, rich in cranberry and patented patented probiotics, and uniquely add D-man-dew sugar to reduce bacterial adhesion, N-acetyl glucosamine protective urinary tract mucosa, pineapple enzyme enzymes Corn must help smooth urination.Detailed introduction of the purchase location. For details, we are a subsidiary of FoodScience® (FSC), the largest health product group in the United States. Pet health concepts, the latest nutrition knowledge, and production processes and facilities stipulated in the FDA (American Food and Drug Administration) provide a series of revolutionary pet health products.Since the establishment of Vetriscience® in 1972, our mission has always developed a pet health chewing ingot that is admitted to professional veterinarians with scientific data and clinical research.In addition to using high -purity and patent -certified health components, we also hope that we continue to develop a pet health -care chewing ingot that we will continue to develop safety and satisfy veterinarians.*All formulas of Victori were developed by American veterinarians (Dr. Marcus Dela Cruz, Dr. Nicole Sheehan, Dr. Monica TARANTINO, Dr. Elizabeth Delomba) Victori products only use high -purity component recipes to approve each use of each Before the component, rigorous assessment must be passed.In addition to having a number of pet health patented formulas and clinical research, continuous research and development, innovation, to ensure that all Victor's pet chewing ingots can satisfy the global veterinarian and owners.★ Made of high-quality raw materials-use only high-quality ingredients under research.★ Back to science-research support to help pets' quality of life.★ The highest quality standard-100%American manufacturing, through FDA registration and SQF certification.In addition to the commonly common pet health components, Victori uses advanced technology, and is the first to adopt an exclusive patented formula through academic clinical studies to provide Taiwanese veterinarians and owners with pet health products synchronized with the world.The National Animal Supplement Council (NASC) Victori owns the American Animal Health Products Association for certification and passes strict product management standards to provide veterinarians and owners with the highest quality pet health ingots.Passing NASC certification must meet the following standards: The company's production process must provide standard production procedures that comply with the United States.The company needs a relevant customer service system and continues to supervise and evaluate its own products.The company needs to establish a complete label description of all products.The company's products must meet all the regulations and standards of FDA (US Food and Drug Administration) and NASC.Medical health products are easy to feed Victorian pet health ingots to get recommended by American veterinarians (Dr. Marcus Dela Cruz, Dr. Nicole Sheehan, Dr. Elizabeth Delomba) Information Park. When the actual case of the owner of the health chewing ingot is facing joint problems, the owner feeds the Vidali joint health chewing ingot to help the dog reply to the vitality of the past !!! Contact us to leave information in detail, we will receive it After the message, serve you as soon as possible, thank you!Please select the consultation project business contact product consultation cooperation proposal other matters. Other matters only support picture parts JPG, GIF, PNG.