TheHITS Ltd Scroll to top Dark Light Dark Light Follow Us — Fb. Ig. Wh. Skip to content TheHITS Ltd TheHITS Ltd TheHITS Ltd TheHITS Ltd Home Why we’re special Where we are What we’ve cooked Triads Entertainment IQ Scholars Home Why we’re special Where we are What we’ve cooked Triads Entertainment IQ Scholars © 2015-2022 The Higher Intelligence Technology Systems Limited. All rights reserved.®️ RC 2009484 Follow Us — Fb. Ig. Wh. Let’s talk $0.00 0 Cart review No products in the cart. Search for February 20, 2024 ART-D Laboratory Result Automatic Transmission System ART-D is a Laboratory Result Automatic Transmission System (LRAS). Show Project ART-D Laboratory Result Automatic Transmission System Triads Esports Triads Esports is a branch of Triads Entertainment, tailored towards grooming eSport professional teams that compete in Multiplayer and Battle Royale game modes... Show Project Triads Esports AfriEsportsHub AfriEsportsHub is a collective centralization of information that includes match making, match results, team information, host information of any form of eSport Tournament... Show Project AfriEsportsHub Void Esports Void Esports is a branch of Triads Entertainment, tailored towards grooming eSport professional teams that compete in a Multiplayer Tournament in CODM. Show Project Void Esports April 1, 2022 Triads Entertainment Triads Entertainment is the major African esports brand, raising esports talents, connecting everyone in the gaming world and enabling in-depth analysis of African... Show Project Triads Entertainment Scroll This website stores cookies on your computer. Cookie Policy February 20, 2024 ART-D Laboratory Result Automatic Transmission System ART-D is a Laboratory Result Automatic Transmission System (LRAS). Client Nsisong Ltd. View Project Triads Esports Triads Esports is a branch of Triads Entertainment, tailored towards grooming eSport professional teams that compete in Multiplayer and Battle Royale game modes in Call of... View Project AfriEsportsHub AfriEsportsHub is a collective centralization of information that includes match making, match results, team information, host information of any form of eSport Tournament or event hosted... View Project Void Esports Void Esports is a branch of Triads Entertainment, tailored towards grooming eSport professional teams that compete in a Multiplayer Tournament in CODM. View Project April 1, 2022 Triads Entertainment Triads Entertainment is the major African esports brand, raising esports talents, connecting everyone in the gaming world and enabling in-depth analysis of African eSports data. Our services... View Project