Home Home Rooms Resturant About Contact Banquet Welcome To Hotel Papilio Discover a world of luxury and relaxation at Hotel papilio.From lavish accommodations to impeccable service, we invite you to indulge in an unforgettable stay with us. Welcome To Hotel Papilio Discover a world of luxury and relaxation at Hotel papilio.From lavish accommodations to impeccable service, we invite you to indulge in an unforgettable stay with us. Welcome To Hotel Papilio Discover a world of luxury and relaxation at Hotel papilio.From lavish accommodations to impeccable service, we invite you to indulge in an unforgettable stay with us. Welcome To Hotel Papilio Little Story At Hotel Papilio we are committed to providing exceptional hospitality experiences that go above and beyond our guests' expectations. As a leading hotel company in the industry, we take pride in offering unparalleled comfort, personalized service, and a warm and inviting atmosphere to all our guests. More Our Provided Rooms 1. Excellence: We are dedicated to excellence in everything we do, from the quality of our services to the attention to detail in our facilities. We continuously strive to exceed expectations and set new benchmarks for the industry. 2. Hospitality: Our genuine hospitality is at the heart of our business. We believe in creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere where every guest feels like a cherished member of our extended family. More "People who love to eat are always the best people." -Julia Child Our Corporate Clients Customer Reviews We have 4.3 Ratting as per Google Previous Next OurSpecialMoments Phone 03512-265006 9907081377 Email info@hotelpapilio.in Location S.M. Pally,NH-34,Malda About Us HOTEL PAPILIO is a reasonable choice for travellers looking for a budget accomodation in Malda. It is located in Sarbamangala Pally.From all the Budget hotels in Malda, HOTEL PAPILIO is very much popular among the tourists. Opening hours Hotel : Monday - Sunday : 24*7 open Restaurant : Monday - Sunday :12pm - 10:30pm Quick Link : Carrier Privacy Policy and Terms condition We approved Our delivery partner Social links All Rights Reserved. © 2023 Hotel Papilio Design By : Right Technologies ↑