Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services Home About Programmes Staff Gallery Contact Kwara State University Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services Get Started Kwara State University Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services Get Started Kwara State University Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services Get Started About Our Department Mission Statement Vision: To be an international center of excellence in research and training in the areas of Agricultural Economics, Agribusiness, and Agricultural Extension. The Department shares the vision of the Faculty “to produce competent middle-level manpower who can be job creators by setting up agricultural enterprises all over the country and facilitate KWASU’s overall goals of being a World-Class University” Mission: To provide a conducive environment for the training of highly qualified and enterprising agricultural economists, agricultural extensionists and agribusiness practitioners for training/teaching, research, extension and community development. Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services, Faculty of Agriculture, Kwara State University, Malete is as old as the University. It was established as one of the foundation departments of the Faculty at the inception of the College and University in 2009. The philosophies and Objectives of the Department are as follows: Expose the students to the basic principles of Micro and macroeconomics. Introduce students to Farm Management, Agribusiness Management, Production Economics, Agricultural Marketing, Resource Economics, and a host of other courses. Expose students to the influence of government policies, programs, and projects as well as the international economies on the management of agricultural enterprises for increased productivity. Impart to students, basic principles and practice of Agricultural Extension and Rural Sociology. Introduce students to the theories and practices of planning, organizing, managing, and evaluation of agricultural projects and rural development. Expose students to the theories and practices of Community Development, Agricultural Extension Communication Methods, Research Methodology, Participatory Research, and Community Driven Development Approach (CDD). Offer professional advice to government, private organizations, individuals, and farms. Goals: The goals of the Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services include the following: • To provide trained personnel to meet the nation's demand for high-level professional manpower in agricultural sciences, agricultural economics, agricultural administration, agribusiness management in research, teaching, advisory work, and business management. • To provide extension services to government agencies, multinational agencies, private companies, and private individuals in the fields of agricultural economics, agribusiness, and rural development. Our Programmes Programmes The activities of Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services are: Bachelor Degree in Agricultural Economics and Extension Services (B. Sc. Agricultural Economics and Extension Services Master’s Degree in Agricultural Economics and Extension Services (M. Sc. Agricultural Economics and Extension Services) Doctoral Agricultural Economics and Extension Services (Ph.D. Agricultural Economics and Extension Services) Post Graduate Diploma (Agricultural Economics and Extension Services) Top up/HND Conversion program HEAD OF DEPARTMENT WELCOME ADDRESS Hello! You are welcome to the Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services, College of Agriculture, Kwara State University, Malete. Our vision is to produce competent middle-level manpower who can be job creators by setting up agricultural enterprises all over the country and facilitating KWASU's overall goals of being a World-Class University. The Department has two broad-based programs of five (5) and four (4) academic years for GCE 'O' Level and 'A' Level holders respectively, leading to the award of the Bachelor of Agriculture (B. Agric.) degree with specialization in the final year in any of the following; Agricultural Economics & Farm Management, and Agricultural Extension & Rural Development. The programs are fully accredited by the National University Commission (NUC) and are anchored by professionals and competent lecturers trained in relevant fields of study. The Department is also equipped with the necessary tools to smoothly achieve her goals. Please feel free to make inquiries. We are here to attend to your needs. Thanks Prof. T. M. Yusuf Head of Department Research In pursuance of the Philosophies and Objectives of the Department, the students are being exposed to production and research that would provide relevant and appropriate solutions to the country’s agricultural and rural development. Achievement The staff of the AEE department have won several awards and grants at various levels including; International, National, and Institutional levels. From its inception, the department has produced several numbers of undergraduate students with a total of 6 First Class degrees. As a department upholding the mantra of Kwara State University as the green university for community development, staff in the department have conducted over 70 community development project. Our Staff Prof. T. M. Yusuf Email:taibat.yusuf@kwasu.edu.ng Prof. S. K. Subair Email:ssksubair@gmail.com Tel +234-8038545303 Dr. A. S. Salau Email:abdulganiyu.shehu@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. Kayode Ayantoye Email:kayode.ayantoye@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. O.J. Yusuf Email:olayinkaj.yusuf@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. F. M. Olooto Email:felicia.olooto@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2347030918979 Dr. L. K. Olatinwo Email:latifat.olatinwo@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348063134705 Dr. I. F. Ayanda Email:ibrahim.ayanda@Kwasu.edu.ng Dr. O. L. Abdulrahman Email:latifat.salawu@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8065850886 Dr. Y. O. Ambali Email:yusuf.ambali@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-7030491018 Dr. H. U. Mahmud Email:hussaina.mahmud@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8037032199 Mr. N. B. Nofiu Email:nofiunofiu@gmail.com Tel:+234-7088333802 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services, Kwara State University, Malete. Head of Department Prof. T. M. Yusuf Email: taibat.yusuf@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Bolaslot88 Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/