Research Home News About Village History Profile of Village Apparatus Cultural Organizational Structure Criticism and Demographic Suggestions Village Common Data Collection of Data Data Financial Data Institutional Data Trantib and Disaster Gallery Documentation Activity Collection of Potential Files Superior Products UKM Tourism Welcome to the Village. I hopeWe can provide the information you need.Joy together with fondness to welcome the coming of the holy month of Ramadan 2020 Beautiful Morning Scenery Can be enjoyed in the village. My, morning and evening in the morning the bright morning, the delicious morning we can enjoy together in the village.Hello welcome to the official website of Morella Negeri, Leihitu District, Central Maluku Regency.Media Communication and Transparency of the Village Government. I for the whole community.Development Planning Deliberation (Musrembang-NEG) MORELLA STATE GOVERNMENT WORK PLAN in 2021 MORELLA STATE GOVERNMENT, LEIHITU Subdistrict, Central Maluku Regency held a Development Planning Development Planning (Musrenbang-NEG) in the context of the preparation of the State Government Work Plan (RKP-NEG) in 202 inPerte Hall Building ... Read more ... November 5, 2020 06:11:59 Admin 552 Opening of Disaster Tough Villages by the Maluku Province Nasiaal Disaster Management Agency in the State of Morella Morella State is chosen to be one part of the country in Leihitu DistrictIn organizing the support of the Tanggug Disaster Village Program (Destana).... Read more .. October 28 2020 09:10:46 Admin 602 Technical Guidance for Food Cadre Village Safety Cadre Technical Guidance for Village Food Safety Cadres in the State of Morella, Leihitu District, Central Maluku Regency ... Read more .. 28 October 282020 09:10:18 Admin 464 News Title News ... Read more .. August 27 2020 23:08:57 Admin 445 Fadil Siansi Village Apparatus, S.Ag Head of Sedek Latukau State Government, S.Pd Secretary of State Dsf BPDJK Village Secretary Graphic Info Update 29 January 2020 UPDATE 29 January 2020 UPDATE 29 January 2020 Update August 28, 2020 General News News Category (0) Regional News (0) Village News (4) Popular News Opening of Tough Disaster Villages by the Regional Disaster Management AgencyMaluku Province in the State of Morella Morella State is chosen to be one part of the country in Leihitu District in organizing the support of the Village Program Tanggug Bencumented all photos https://youtu.be/v83jahxp3 -i click 2 times to watch animated animation animations animation animation animation animationAl ... more ... click 2 times to watch my document 2 information .. More ... see the picture of my document is keteranan .. More ... Vision "The realization of the State of Morella as an independent village based on fisheries and plantations, tourism and household industry to reach the communityhealthy, smart and more prosperous. "Mission To realize this vision, the mission to be carried out is as follows: Increasing infrastructure development that supports the village economy, such as roads, bridges and other strategic infrastructure.Increasing development in the health sector to encourage the degree of public health in order to work more optimally and have a longer life expectancy.Increasing development in the field of education to encourage improving the quality of human resources to have better intelligence and competitiveness.Increasing economic development by encouraging the growing and developing development of development in the field of plantations in a broad sense, industry, household and tourism.Creating good governance (good governance) based on democratization, transparency, law enforcement, justice, gender equality and prioritizing service to the community.Strive for preservation of natural resources to meet the needs and equitable development of development in order to improve the economy."style =" width: 100%;Height: 400px;font-size: 14px;Line-height: 18px;Border: 1px Solid #DDDDDD;padding: 10px; ">" style = "width: 100%; height: 400px; font-size: 14px; line-height: 18px; border: 1px solid #ddddd; padding: 10px;"> Moto Berdari "B: TogetherBuilding Village E: Elok Looks and Comfortable in Observed R: Neat Planning and Program D: Prioritize Priority Scale and Public Interest I: Remember the needs of the village community K: Key to Success and Success A: Safe and Responsibility R: Hardmn Care: Faith I: Faith and TaqwaTo God Almighty © PMCode YD - All Right Reserved