Shabdanchal-Best Community for Writers Skip to Content Get your book published your book. Volunal new initiative new initiative new initiative Winners competitions books Books Volhechal Vikaschal Part-8 Member Menu New Paut New Pahal New Pahal Winners Competitions Books Books Books Books Books.And by the awards, the authors' encourages have been performing the vocational platform and participate in the competitions and participate in free awards. Frequently asked questions, often asked by the activities organized by the Volhantic Forum, there are often some questions in the minds of the creators.You will find answers to some of those questions here.To answer any other question, contact the Volharanchal team.What is the new initiative? The new initiative is a category of competitions and awards launched by Vahitanchal Manch.It was first organized in May 2022.New initiative is held every month, it has different competitions in which the creators can participate according to their interest.These competitions start from the first day of every month to the last day.The winners are awarded medals, trophy, honor letters etc.How will the winners of the new initiative be rewarded.In the new initiative, 2 winners have been selected in each competition since April 2023.The winners are chosen based on the quality of their composition.The winners send the stage awards at their address.Trophy, medal or honor letters are given as awards.Can we all participate in new initiative competitions? Yes, you can participate in one or all competitions.One has to pay any fee to participate in the competitions organized by Vahitanchal? No, the Vahinchal stage does not charge any fee from the creators.Activities organized on stage are conducted free of cost.Do you have to pay any fee to receive the award? No, you do not have to pay any fee to receive your award.Competitions and awards are free.How can you become a member of Varvanchal? You can apply to become a member of Vahitanchal by visiting the given link.-The letter of praise is being given.You will receive a letter of appreciation by mail.If you have any other question, ask us e-mail questions, all social media platforms where vamponist is present for writers to join us on any social media platform, press Facebook page Facebook page Facebook Group WhatsApp Group WhatsApp Group Twitter YouTube Channel Awarding Creator ShabdhachalWebsite work is in progress.Soon new options and facilities will be available.Contact the team for any information. Email: Shabdanchal@gmail.com your suggestions make us better.Shopping Cart Volthanchal has been performing the encouraging of the authors by many activities and awards. Quick Sampak New initiative new initiative Volthanchal Part 8 Books Be Member. Know the book Publishing the book Publishing the book. Social Instagram Facebook Twitter WhatsAppShabdanchal 2022 Click to know the process of publishing your book