Construction Company Bangalore | Architecture, Interior, BIM Consulting Building Construction Company in Bangalore | Best Construction Company in Bangalore Toggle navigation Home About Us Services Architecture Construction Interior Design 3D Rendering Quantity Survey Works BIM Blog Contact Us Modern A design isn't finished until someone is using it. Modern A design isn't finished until someone is using it. Perfect A whole different kind of architectural firm. Perfect A whole different kind of architectural firm. Perfect A whole different kind of architectural firm. Perfect A whole different kind of architectural firm. Welcome We are creative Building - Design Company VWT Designs, an innovative company that provides unparallel services in the fields of Architectural Design, Building Construction, Interior Design and BIM. From its very first steps, VWT was developed to set the baseline, as a pioneer of the field, undertaking the design, supervision and construction of homes, hotels and industrial projects. Today the company collaborates with Individuals and Investors, constantly developing a wide domestic and international customer base. Read More 18 Year Experience Working Portfolio All Project Architecture Building Interior Awesome Designs Who we are We Are Creative Design Studio VWT offers an extensive range of Architectural and Construction services. Through the contribution of it’s experienced, established and fully trained team it undertakes the architectural design of buildings and spaces, construction and interior decoration. Photo Realistic VWT Designs offers you photorealistic and life-like landscape 3D rendering services at your fingertips. Natural Outdoor Exploring natural outdoor and allow us to understand how it would harmonize with the architectural buildings and roads. Innovative Ideas 3D Landscape architecture creates, designs and communicates the innovative ideas into an experience using technology. Naturally Connected Landscape architects can magically transform an object into a view which is naturally connected with its surrounding. Natural Elements Architectural project and focus on adding the natural elements to the exterior surroundings of a building which could be a man-made garden. Flora Rich Every location is unique and so is the landscape. It might be in the heart of a metropolitan city or in a flora rich countryside. 30+ Projects Completed Recent Works Aesthetic Elements Interior Design Experts Team Members Unique Identity Interior Design Perfect Asset Interior Design Aesthetic Desire Interior Design Exude Perfection Interior Design Latest Blog What is a green building? Read More 10 Aug 2016 Sustainable Construction Read More 10 Aug 2016 Elements and Principles of Interior Design Interior design is not just a profession; it is a way of life. It is a beautiful art form that enables interior designers to share their creativity to reflect .... Read More 10 Aug 2016 Blog Post Some Interesting Facts WE ARE DEDICATED TO IMPROVING OUR BUILT ENVIRONMENT AND THE COMMUNITIES WE CALL HOME BY PROMOTING QUALITY, RESPONSIBLE AND SUSTAINABLE DESIGN. 100 Happy Clients 150 Finished projects 270 Working Days © VWT Designs. Designed by ColorPages.