House Hunter LA - Los Angeles, California Home About Current Listings Recent Sales Advice For Sellers For Buyers For Investors Contact Resources Vendor List Home Valuation Out of State Agent (310) 869-4021 info@househunterla.com Home About Current Listings Recent Sales Advice For Sellers For Buyers For Investors Contact Resources Vendor List Home Valuation Out of State Agent (310) 869-4021 info@househunterla.com Milla Goldenberg & Warren Calvo JUDY GRAFF PROPERTIES CalBRE # 02018944 (Milla) CalBRE # 02132670 (Warren) Meet The House Hunters Whether you’re looking to buy property, sell your current home or become a real estate investor, we’re here to help you to achieve your goals. As native Angelenos and dedicated professionals, we strive to make the house hunting experience simple, stress-free and fun for all our clients. Call us today to get started. More About Us → Contact Us → FIND US ON ZILLOW Milla's Zillow Warren's Zillow For SellersIs your kitchen updated? Have you worked on your landscaping recently? Learn more about what you should be doing before you sell your home. For BuyersHow's your credit? Have you gotten pre-approved yet? These are things to consider before you look into buying a home. For InvestorsBuying investment property in a high-priced market like Los Angeles isn't realistic for most. Let me help you out with this. NoHo Delight $1,000,000 NORTH HOLLYWOOD REPRESENTED SELLER 3 Bedrooms 4 Bathrooms 1788 sq ft A Sweet Spanish $1,275,000 INGLEWOOD REPRESENTED BUYER 4 Bedrooms 3 Bathrooms 2167 sq ft ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Highly likely to recommendRecently we were considering moving to a larger home because of a new addition to our family, and initially met with Milla through a family referral. She came highly recommended, which was good because we wanted to work with someone who could move quickly if needed and would do a thorough job from start to finish. We were on the fence because of rising interest rates, but felt we should at least hear her out. We were not disappointed. Milla brought comps and pricing information for our first meeting and an honest take on what our journey might look like in such a dynamic real estate market. We took a few days to make a decision, but as soon as we were set she was ready with tips to sell our current home, a professional photographer who also did a video and 360 walkthrough, and great insights on the new homes we were considering for our new space.We were able to sell our house in one weekend (!) and Milla coordinated a longer close so we would have time to secure our new house. She always walked us through the many, many different types of paperwork we had to sign so we knew what we were agreeing to and where we might need to push back. We definitely learned more in this sale than with previous houses and leaned on Milla for her extensive knowledge of the process since this was our first experience with a house that was not a new construction.Overall, I can confidently say that Milla was an excellent partner and a skillful guide throughout the whole process. She easily and efficiently guided us through two successful home transactions (selling our old place and buying a new one) and answered all of our questions along the way. If you’re looking for someone to work with, we highly recommend her. Under contract after one weekend of open houses Got a contingent offer accepted in a very competitive market (an offer contingent on the buyer selling their existing home) Arranged a concurrent closing so both properties sold just days apart Helped clients use funds from their home sale as their down payment for their purchase On second sale, credited clients $2500 toward their closing costs as part of House Hunter L.A.’s two-deal special for clients who work with us twice View This Property on Zillow (NoHo Delight) View This Property on Zillow (A Sweet Spanish) ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Highly likely to recommendWe were so fortunate to have Milla as our realtor. Not only did she help walk us through the competitive L.A. housing marketing landscape with a wealth of knowledge and patience, she was reliable, responsive and went above and beyond in everything she did. I loved her positive attitude and especially appreciated how thoughtful and well-researched she is. We highly valued her opinion and experience, and are in love with our new home. I would highly recommend Milla to anyone looking for a realtor! Arranged inspections that included a roofer and foundation specialistHelped buyers prepare the accessory unit for short-term occupancy following closing with recommendations and lease drafts View This Property on Zillow Clean & Bright $1,399,000 LOS ANGELES REPRESENTED BUYER 5 Bedrooms 4 Bathrooms 2388 sq ft Selling my property from 3,000 miles away meant that Milla was my boots on the ground. She really hustled in a challenging market, constantly keeping me in the loop about how things were going and was a skilled negotiator on my behalf when it came to closing the deal. If you are looking for a highly-skilled real estate agent in Southern California who goes the extra mile, I highly recommend her.read moreread less campbellmarie7410/16/2023 Milla was the Seller’s agent on the townhome that we recently purchased in Del Rey. My wife and I got very comfortable in using her as a buy-side agent as well. She was great to work with and drove a smooth and a favorable outcome for both parties. Would highly recommend her as an agent in LA.read moreread less ramakrishna kalicharan10/04/2023 Our exceptional realtor, Milla, helped us sell our vertical home and find our forever home in just five months. Milla’s negotiation skills, and ability to establish rapport with various parties made our journey a pleasure. She took the time to understand our needs and goals, shaping effective strategies, and advocating for us at every step. In the process of selling our vertical home, Milla was a marketing pro, highlighting unique features and attracting potential buyers. Thanks to her efforts, we secured a deal within 3 weeks. As we searched for our forever home, Milla exceeded our expectations, ensuring all our questions and concerns were promptly addressed. Her knowledge of the market and her dedication helped us find a home that checked off all our boxes. Milla’s availability, adept communication, and ability to establish rapport with all parties involved made her an invaluable asset throughout our real estate journey. We felt supported and cared for by Milla, and she made us feel calm in the emotional roller coaster that is finding a home in Los Angeles. We are immensely grateful for her guidance and support and wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone in need of a top-notch real estate professional. Even though we found our forever home, we joke about buying another property to be able to hang out with Milla again. – J&Dread moreread less user84947856/13/2023 Milla made the buying process easier than I expected. As a first time buyer, I had a lot to learn but Milla was great about educating me on the process and preparing me for different outcomes. She worked with me for almost a year until I found the perfect home. I felt like I always had someone in my corner looking out for me. I would highly recommend Milla, her expertise and dedication always made me feel in great hands. I highly recommend her.read moreread less KPVali5/06/2023 Milla was always responsive, she was helpful and supportive of our needs and requests. She met us at the houses we wanted to see, she asked the right questions and looked out for our best interest. It is hard to find real estate agents that actually care and work hard to help you find a home, but Milla is that person. I highly recommend Milla, she helped me find the right home, where I wanted and negotiated the best price for me.read moreread less dakejimena4/15/2023 Recently we were considering moving to a larger home because of a new addition to our family, and initially met with Milla through a family referral. She came highly recommended, which was good because we wanted to work with someone who could move quickly if needed and would do a thorough job from start to finish. We were on the fence because of rising interest rates, but felt we should at least hear her out. We were not disappointed. Milla brought comps and pricing information for our first meeting and an honest take on what our journey might look like in such a dynamic real estate market. We took a few days to make a decision, but as soon as we were set she was ready with tips to sell our current home, a professional photographer who also did a video and 360 walkthrough, and great insights on the new homes we were considering for our new space.We were able to sell our house in one weekend (!) and Milla coordinated a longer close so we would have time to secure our new house. She always walked us through the many, many different types of paperwork we had to sign so we knew what we were agreeing to and where we might need to push back. We definitely learned more in this sale than with previous houses and leaned on Milla for her extensive knowledge of the process since this was our first experience with a house that was not a new construction. Overall, I can confidently say that Milla was an excellent partner and a skillful guide throughout the whole process. She easily and efficiently guided us through two successful home transactions (selling our old place and buying a new one) and answered all of our questions along the way. If you’re looking for someone to work with, we highly recommend her.read moreread less rahbidijon simon12/06/2022 We were so fortunate to have Milla as our realtor. Not only did she help walk us through the competitive L.A. housing marketing landscape with a wealth of knowledge and patience, she was reliable, responsive and went above and beyond in everything she did. I loved her positive attitude and especially appreciated how thoughtful and well-researched she is. We highly valued her opinion and experience, and are in love with our new home. I would highly recommend Milla to anyone looking for a realtor!read moreread less sophiakercher11/28/2022 Milla was an amazing agent. She had a flexible schedule when it came to looking at properties, be it on the weekend or in the early evening. We were always informed of what was going on in regards to the loan status, offers put in, and responded to any and all of my questions and concerns and never made us feel like we were asking silly questions. She even calmed us down when it looked like our loan was dead in the water due to some HOA reserve issues, I was ready to start freaking out. It was truly a wonderful experience and I will recommend her to anyone I know selling or buying looking for an agent.read moreread less zuser201610251050391388/23/2022 When I told my friend we were going to relocate from the Bay Area to the LA area, she mentioned that she had a friend who was a real estate agent. From our first Zoom meeting with Milla, we knew we had our agent. Milla was warm, funny and knowledgeable, and she really listened to what we wanted. Although we were buying a house for the first time and at a long distance, with a long escrow, Milla made the process smooth. She was great at answering our first-timers’ questions and she told us the pro’s and con’s about the areas we were considering, in addition to helping to facilitate tasks to save us a trip to LA. Milla was honest, attentive, flexible and thoughtful and she made us feel like a priority. She also made us feel more relaxed and supported with her laidback personality, hard work and genuine approach. She has a great team working with and she helped simplify the process. When we had our inspection done she really went to bat for us to negotiate the price for the repairs needed. Milla is fun to work with, she knows what she’s doing and she made us feel like old friends. We recommend her to our family and friends, so of course we are recommending her to you!read moreread less meilancg8/01/2022 I cannot say enough about the incredible Milla Goldenberg, real estate broker extraordinaire – smart, kind, intuitive, strategic, incredibly focused. This is the second time we have worked with Milla. She helped our kids buy a home. I was so impressed that when my mom passed away, and we had to sell her house, there was no question but that I would turn to Milla again. She was amazing throughout – always present and available, sensitive to our emotions, calmly navigating unavoidable bumps along the way – all to get the best agreement and maximum price. If you or anyone you know is looking to buy or sell, she’s your perfect person!!read moreread less sbfogel06/08/2022 Milla exceeded all expectations by a mile! I cannot say enough about her and her skills as real estate agent.. From the first walkthrough of our house to helping us accept the best offer, Milla was always there for us. She made the process so effortless and was able to get us almost 40% over asking price. At the same time, she found us our dream home in La Quinta.I can recommend Milla with the highest confidence whether you are buying or selling a property.read moreread less Mberke2356/03/2022 Milla is a gem and I feel so lucky and grateful to have gone through this exciting time in my adult life with her by my side. She is patient (answered my million questions), diligent, organized, and ALWAYS ON TOP of it all. Several folks told me this would be the most stressful experience and to brace myself but after a 60-day escrow, I can tell you I did not ever feel stressed and it’s all because I had Milla behind the scenes ensuring that the loans (which apparently were complicated) and all parties were moving along. I recommend Milla to anyone and everyone and know you will have a great friend through it all.read moreread less Mickeygirl3/31/2022 Milla is a great agent. She is patient, attentive, and understood my needs. She’s a good communicator and responded quickly when I needed something or have a question about something. She’s very knowledgeable and I felt that she had my best Interest in mind. I would use Milla again and would recommend her to my friends and family.read moreread less nikile1163/08/2022 Milla is very professional, easy to talk to, always available to answer questions, friendly and efficient. I had a great experience selling my house with her input and expertise. I will highly recommend Milla to anyone who is looking for a great real estate agent!read moreread less isaart20001/04/2022 A wonderful, very skilled professional. And also a wonderful human being. She was with me every inch of the say. Her communication skills are excellent, and her negotiating skills are wondrous. I very highly recommend Milla!!read moreread less elka8411/08/2021 Contact Us Greater Los Angeles, CA info@househunterla.com Legal DocumentationPrivacy Policy Terms and Conditions Do Not Sell If you are currently working with another real estate agent, this is not meant as a solicitation for your business. © 2024 House Hunter LA. All Rights Reserved. Compare listings Compare Close Login × Remember me Lost your password? Login Continue with Facebook Sign in with google User registration is disabled for demo purpose. Reset Password × Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Get new password