Daniel Erwin - UX Designer Daniel Erwin Portfolio Resume UX Designer & ManagerI lead teams to discover business opportunities and turn them into functional, easy-to-use technologies. The projects below show the process by which I find the highest-value needs and organize stakeholders around solving them. KeepTruckin As a Design Leader at KeepTruckin, I helped a fast-growing startup mature its design and research process while growing an appetite for strategy and shipping product. See how I pushed design forward at KeepTruckin > GE Digital As a Design Strategist and Researcher for Predix, I helped draw 30,000 new developers into the platform by creating Developer Experience (DX) strategy roadmaps steeped in insights from users. I also built a framework for design research and drove adoption of findings across a large, decentralized design organization.See how I defined a UX Strategy at GE > Sync - Design Management Promoted to Design Lead for the Resilio Sync product line, I inspired the team to strengthen our design process. Our work improved customer experience, particularly during onboarding, by deepening our understanding of who our users were and what they needed from Sync. Cisco I helped define UI in a new paradigm, designing an enterprise phone that feels like being in the same room with colleagues from around the world. I led scrums, driving implementation across a global team. In 2013, this Android desk phone was one of the most reliable tools for enterprise video collaboration. See my Cisco Portfolio > Design Research Seeing what people do and talking to them in the context of use routinely yields unique insights about their needs and values that can have far-reaching impacts on a product vision. Open-ended investigation or ethnography leads to the most valuable insights when approaching new opportunity spaces. Design Research Projects > Prototype Testing When creating a new piece of technology, it's frighteningly easy to build in assumptions that some users don't share. The only way to find all of these is to show the product to users - ideally before it's too late to change the implementation plan. Prototype Testing with Sync > Design Research Seeing what people do and talking to them in the context of use routinely yields unique insights about their needs and values that can have far-reaching impacts on a product vision. Open-ended investigation or ethnography leads to the most valuable insights when approaching new opportunity spaces. Design Research Projects > Prototype Testing When creating a new piece of technology, it's frighteningly easy to build in assumptions that some users don't share. The only way to find all of these is to show the product to users - ideally before it's too late to change the implementation plan. Prototype Testing Projects >