UBIQCOM INDIA Only For Sales: +91 99 10 77 17 97 info@ubiqcom.in Toll Free: 1800-1212-051 (Only For Technical Support ) About Products EPON/GPON OLT XPON ONU SFP Splicing Machine Media Converter POE Switches Passive FXS & FXO Gateways Enterprise IP Phones PRI Gateways Services Technical Advisor Technical Cases Configuration Service Network Health Check Support Solutions FTTH Smart Cities Wireless Data Centers Telecom Blog Contact Us Login Request A Quote Connecting You with the Opportunities Since 2017 A Decade of Excellence Rendered To the Home & Enterprises UBIQCOM is a top-notch firm engaged in offering cutting-edge FTTH solutions to homes and enterprises. Leveraging on its goodwill for offering top-notch products and solutions; it cherishes a huge customer base of satisfied home and business owners. The modern work environment has become very demanding, and need superior broadband connectivity. UBIQCOM has consistently engaged in devising the industry compliant FTTH solutions, made with superior grade materials. It is on a quest to make FTTH technology more accessible to all end users. By connecting with us, you can get the most out of the world of Unified Communication. For home-connected users, UBIQCOM's End to End FTTH solution provides high-speed Internet, triple-play service, Wi-Fi, voice, video, and CATV services. Read more Nestled down in Noida, UP – India, UBIQCOM Rolled out in 2017 Single stop solution to all your networking and communication needs. Innovating Next Generation Solutions We are working on extensive deployment of the FTTH technology to residences and businesses. Our aim is to deliver enough bandwidth and reliability at a low cost to meet the consumer demands of the next decade. CONTACT UBIQCOM 4/8/16 PON Ports GPON OLT GPON OLT UB50xx GL completely meet relative standard of ITU G.984.x and FSAN, which is 1U rack-mounted device with 1 USB interface, 4 uplink GE ports, 4 uplink SFP ports, 2 10-gigabit uplink ports and 16 GPON ports, each GPON port supports the splitting ratio of 1:128 and provides downstream bandwidth of 2.5Gbps and upstream bandwidth of 1.25Gbps, system support 2048 GPON terminals accessing in for the most. Read More 1GE XPON UB5010 G dual-mode ONU supports EPON/ GPON/ XPON three modes access. The ONU automatically switches into the corresponding PON mode by identifying the local OLT mode to complete GPON/EPON/XPON adaptive access. Read More 2GE + Dual Band WIFI UB5020 GW-D ONU supports EPON/GPON two modes access. The ONU automatically switches into the corresponding PON mode by identifying the local OLT mode to complete GPON/EPON adaptive access. Read More 2GE+1VOICE DUAL BAND WIFI UB5021 GVW-D ONU supports EPON/GPON two modes access. The ONU automatically switches into the corresponding PON mode by identifying the local OLT mode to complete XPON adaptive access. Read More 2GE+WIFI XPON UB5021 GVW features high-performance forwarding capabilities to ensure excellent experience with VoIP, Internet and HD video services. Read More 4GE+2V+DB WIFI XPON UB5042 GVW-D ONU supports EPON/GPON two modes access. Read More Find Out All Products EPON/GPON - FTTH Solution Cutting-Edge Products to Support Your Network Infrastructure Connectivity is extremely important in today's world of the internet. It is indispensable to have access to high-speed broadband. FTTH technology allows you to connect to the internet at fast speeds from the comfort of your own home. The fibre optic cable can withstand a wide range of temperatures and climates. Furthermore, unlike copper cables, it does not rust in humid environments. UBIQCOM offers an extensive range of FTTH solutions to render its services, such as high-speed Internet, triple-play service, Wi-Fi, voice, video, and CATV services. Besides, when it comes to its robust and durable product range, the list includes, EPON, GPON, ONU, OLTs, Media Converter, Splitters, Fiber SFP, Copper SFP and Fibre Cables. FTTH Our FTTH solutions can help you replacing existing copper infrastructure such as telephone wires and coaxial cable, thereby making communication more affordable. Read More Smart Cities Our optical network infrastructure solutions are devised to deal with the public administration complexities of smart cities and metropolitan areas. Read More WIRELESS We also offer wireless equipment to support the network design of the enterprises to boost network capacity and that too at the best affordable rates. Read More Data Centers Data centers are deploying more fiber than ever for their operations. We facilitate them with the relevant products such as MPO/MTP products and Fiber Transceivers. Read More Find Out All solution Products for the Next Decade Many firms today rely on fibre optic technology because they require a faster, more secure, and broader communication infrastructure for their network operations. It has a bright future ahead of it, and many industries now use it extensively. The development of standardised fibre testing events will become increasingly crucial as these networks expand and user load increases. Furthermore, a rising number of industries will be looking for innovative technologies in the next years. UBIQCOM is innovating the fiber products of the future to fulfil the evolving needs of the industries. View Products Why Buy From Us? 10 Years in Business Our decade-long experience helps us offer the most relevant fiber solutions to our valued patrons. Instant Support For any technical unease, you may reach out to us and get assistance without spending even a single penny. Fast Shipping in 1-5 Days Get your cargo delivered the next day once the payment is made. Track your order and receive it within five days. 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed Customer satisfaction is our first and foremost priority, and we have left no stone unturned to achieve it. Our Customers It All Starts With You Our FTTH customers are more than twice as happy with our services as their previous connection providers. Furthermore, our FTTH subscribers are more likely to be planning to upgrade in the next 10-12 months or so. They believe that our connectivity solutions will increase the value of their home and workplace. Get Started Ubiqcom's FTTH solutions have helped our business to flourish with enhanced bandwidth and greater flexibility of network usage. The affordable rates added a cherry to the cake. Take a bow! VG-TECH INFOTEL Mr. Vishal Ubiqcom! Not just a name but an excellent choice for connectivity. Kudos! My long stressed broadband requirements were resolved in no time. Accutech Technologies Mr. Alok Look no further if you want more bandwidth, more reliability, and cost-effectiveness in one place. I pat on my back for choosing Ubiqcom's solutions and recommend others too MARSHAL ELECTRONICS Mr. Eash Chaudhary OUR MISSION Ubiqcom's mission is simple. It is to innovate the products and solutions that can overcome the major connectivity challenges and provide affordable solutions to the customers. UBIQCOM Uncompromised Quality We are empowered by our unshakable dedication to delivering the best quality to our valued customers. Our quality work serves as the best testimonial for our business. It is why it is an imperative thing at UBIQCOM, and we left no stone unturned to achieve the best quality for you. UBIQCOM High-Performance We are guided by our code, and that is to boost the network performance for businesses and residents. Our experts are well-versed in the art of delivering high-performance products and solutions. It is an indispensable thing in the culture we work in. UBIQCOM Great FTTH Solutions Our mission motivates us to bring world-grade FTTH solutions into existence to fulfill the needs of the varied industries. FTTH can be a great solution to supply your broadband needs. We are providing what future FTTH solutions need to evolve. We continue to invent and create technology at UBIQCOM so that you are always prepared to move forward. Read More Quick Browse About Us Product Catalogue Company Profile FTTH Brochure Blogs Our Clients Our Products E/GPON OLT E/GPON ONU MEDIA CONVERTER PON SFP FIBER SFP PLC SPLITTER POE SWITCHES Important Link Privacy & Policy Disclaimer Help & FAQ Contact Us Site map Contact Info. Corporate Office : D-92, First Floor, Sector - 63 , Noida, UP-201301 Email: info@ubiqcom.in Toll Free: 1800-1212-051 ( for technical support ) © 2022 UBIQCOM INDIA PVT. LTD., All Rights Reserved . E-waste management | Toll Free : 1800-212-7880 . Admin Login! Email * Password * Remember Me! Forget Password? Login Register! Preparing For Your Success Provide Best IT Solutions. Email * Password * I read & agree to Terms & Conditions Register Have An Account? Login Here