Property Maintenance Services Brisbane | Ph: 1300 024 321 HomeServicesBuilding MaintenanceCommercial property maintenanceCommercial Office FitoutsIndustrial property maintenanceFacility maintenanceCivil WorksPreventative Maintenance InspectionsWorking at HeightsProject ManagementDefits & Make GoodsAsphalt RepairsAbout UsMeet The TeamOur CertificationsContactJob Request 1300 024 321 Industrial & Commercial Property Maintenance Brisbane Specialising in all aspects of construction and commercial building maintenance services. View Services Request a Job Industry leaders in construction and building maintenance services. Grolife Property Services provides superior solutions to your construction or maintenance project. We offer streamlined processes and effective scope management to both industrial and commercial clients. These services are carried out with ease, trust and efficiency. Industrial Property Maintenance Services We understand the importance of the highest quality building maintenance to preserve the condition of a building. Regardless of size, complexity or location, it is essential to increasing a building’s life expectancy and securing tenants safety. Learn More Commercial Building Maintenance Services At Grolife Property Services, we understand that it is not necessarily a one-size-fits-all when it comes to your building maintenance. That’s why we offer all the services & trade solutions you could need for efficient commercial property maintenance services, from Handyman services through to a locksmith. Learn More Design & Project Management We offer strategic guidance on projects and provide clear, no fuss solutions to our clients all over South East Queensland. This includes the development of site audits, property renovation designs, repair management and much more. Learn More Facility Maintenance BrisbaneTired of contacting different contractors for your odd jobs and preventative building maintenance? We provide quality work over a full range of ongoing services, repairs and facilities maintenance in Brisbane. This includes a comprehensive list of trusted suppliers and trades, whether it is electrical services, carpentry, plumbing services, plastering and painting, concrete work repairs or even office furniture assembly. If you need commercial building maintenance in Brisbane, we have the experienced trade team to provide the solutions for your commercial property.Learn More Check out our videoPress play for an introduction of our services, ranging from ongoing building maintenance to emergency services and repairs.View all Services Play Video SOME OF OUR CLIENTS Our Experience Grolife Property Services can organise everything from planning, specifying and project management, through to the delivery of your construction needs and commercial building maintenance in Brisbane. MANAGEMENT We work with you every step of the way to ensure you are happy with the outcome of your industrial and commercial property maintenance services. OUR COMMITMENT We ensure your property is running smoothly and we work tirelessly to secure the safety of your investment and your tenants. WE DELIVER We start every project with the customer's goal in mind and strive to exceed expectations by providing quality work and unrivalled communication. SUPPORT SERVICE We are only a phone call away! Our 24/7 support will have your job fixed promptly and efficiently. Our Certifications Recognised for our world-class systems, Grolife Property Services has been provided with ISO Approval. Providing our clients with an added level of trust to get the job done right. We Are Here To Help! If you’re looking for that quick repair or a planned project, we are only an email away…. [email protected] WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY Star Star Star Star Star I couldn't believe the speed of the repair, I contacted Grolife Property Services to have the break repaired and from the time I called to the time the job was completed, was 24 hours. They are the only Property Maintenance business we will use. Vinod Kaushik, Stellar College Star Star Star Star Star I have been dealing with Grolife Property Services for the past year. Michael and his team are very reliable with no job too difficult. I particularly like their approach to job tasks, SWMS and the closing of all works completed. Very transparent and needed especially for commercial works. Bruce Riddel - Charter Hall BOOK YOUR INSPECTION Protect your building services budget by gaining insight around the commercial property maintenance your company requires to prevent unplanned costs. Get preventative maintenance inspections for the purpose of finding defects before they become larger issues. Our professional, scalable inspection reports provide valuable information to allow customers to be proactive. Lets Get Started Need Property Service help? Contact our friendly team on 1300 024 321 Grolife is built on 3 fundamentals: Honesty, Communication and Reliability. Facebook Instagram Linkedin Company Home Meet The Team Our Certifications Contact Us Job Request Our Services Building Maintenance Commercial Property Maintenance Commercial Office Fitouts Industrial Building Maintenance Facility Maintenance Civil Works Preventative Maintenance Inspections Working At Heights Project Management Defits & Make Good Asphalt Repairs Partner Sites Copyright © 2024 Grolife Property Services. All rights reserved. QBCC License #15151003 Arrow-up