Haul It Off - Tucson's #1 Junk Removal Service Skip to content 24/7 Customer Service No credit card required (520) 808-2268 Free quote! Home About Blog Contacts Services Furniture removal Hot tub removal Appliance removal Electronics recycling Carpet removal Mattress disposal We Are Your Tucson Junk Removal Service Company Give us a call to get a free quote today! Free Quote! We Are Your Tucson Junk Removal Service Company Give us a call to get a free quote today! Free Quote! Full service junk removal Book junk removal for your home or business, including offices, retail locations, construction sites and more. Our friendly staff is happy to accommodate all of your junk hauling needs. Trashremoval We do trash removal in timely manner, so you won’t have problems with trash. Schedule Now Junkremoval Our junk hauling service is based on how quickly and efficiently we can recycle materials. Schedule Now Recycle If the junk is comprised of all wood, yard waste, rock, brick, brush, tree, stumps, dirt, or concrete we can recycle the waste at a local recycling center. Schedule Now TRY OUR ESTIMATOR TOOL Our team Our team consists of people who care about environment and cleanliness. Every team member showed themselves as responsible and accurate person. View details What we take We collect paper, plastic, beverage cartons, white and colored glass, wood, textile etc. We collect about everything under the sun! View details Towns we serve We work all over the Tucson area, and also we serve the neighboring towns of Marana, Oro Valley, Vail & Corona De Tucson. View details Customer Service (520) 808-2268 Customer Service hours are 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Mount Standard TimeMonday to Friday and 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. With the exception of holidays. fREE QUOTE! Cities Served Tucson Marana Oro Valley Vail Sahuarita Corona De Tucson Phone: (520) 808-2268 Address: 7315 N Oracle Rd Tucson AZ E-mail: info@haulitoffaz.com About Haul It Off is a local Tucson, Veteran owned company. is your full-service junk removal company. We offer junk removal services for your home or business. Our No Contact Junk Removal service allows us to give you an estimate and remove items without direct contact, to ensure the comfort and safety of our customers and our teams. Services Exercise equipment removal Hot tub removal TV removal Electronics recycling Carpet removal Mattress disposal Furniture removal Refrigerator removal Appliance removal Anything removal Tenant eviction cleanouts Foreclosure cleanouts Storage unit cleanouts SERVICING AREAS Tucson Oro Valley Marana Vail Sahuarita Corona De Tucson Online quote Free onsite estimates with all-inclusive pricing. No hidden fees. Free quote! Haul It Off LLC © All rights reserved. Facebook-f Youtube Instagram