Macplants The nursery shop is now open every day (see our Contact Us page for opening hours). Our mail order service is open as usual. Berrybank Nursery, 5 Boggs Holdings, Pencaitland, East Lothian, EH34 5BA Alpines Ferns Grasses & Bamboos Herbaceous Perennials Shrubs £0.00 Buy A Gift Voucher Find Us Buy A Gift Voucher Find Us Macplants Social Media NURSERY SHOP We are pleased to say that our nursery shop is now open, every day till October. Please see our Contact Us page for our business hours. Trade customers are welcome by appointment (Mon-Fri only). MAIL ORDER Our online mail order service operates all year-round, weather permitting, and will send out orders by courier as soon as possible. In rare cases, we will contact you if there is an issue with your order, otherwise it is safe to assume that your order is being processed as swiftly as possible. We are exceptionally busy at this time so please be patient. We are on occasion having to temporarily close our mail order service due to high levels of demand. If you do find it closed, please try again in a few days. We regret that we are no longer able to send to Northern Ireland or EU countries. Welcome to Macplants Berrybank Nursery Macplants are a long-established, family-run business. We are central/southern Scotland's largest growers of herbaceous perennials, alpines, ferns and ornamental grasses and have our plant centre open to the public in East Lothian, close to Edinburgh. We also supply a diverse range of trade clients both in the landscape and garden centre sectors. We grow a large range of plants including many interesting and unusual varieties not usually seen for sale. Amongst the many plants we grow are our highly praised autumn Gentians bred here by Dr Ian McNaughton, and probably the largest range of Meconopsis cultivars found anywhere. Our retail shop offers a huge selection of quality home-grown plants. (see our list page). In addition to the alpines, perennials, ferns and grasses that we grow, we also stock a good range of choice shrubs, roses and climbers. In the summer we have plants for patio pots. Our friendly, knowledgeable staff are always happy to see you and can help with your plant selections. Orders for collection can be placed through the website (select 'for collection' at checkout) or by email or post. We request at least 48 hours notice so that we can have your plants ready for you. In addition, we offer a mail order service with a secure online shopping facility. We send all year round (weather permitting) and if a plant is on the list then it should be available. If you would like a printed copy of our latest catalogue please send six second class stamps with your name and address to Macplants. About Us Macplants are a long-established, family-run business. We are central/southern Scotland's largest growers of herbaceous perennials, alpines, ferns and ornamental grasses and have our plant centre open to the public in East Lothian, close to Edinburgh. We also supply a diverse range of trade clients both in the landscape and garden centre sectors. Online Shopping About Us Orders for collection Mail order & delivery information Payment Methods Returns Trade Customers Trade Customers Login Useful Links Find Us Contact Us Website Help Guidance Upcoming shows Gift Vouchers Our Contacts Berrybank Nursery, 5 Boggs Holdings, Pencaitland East Lothian EH34 5BA 01875 341179 sales@macplants.co.uk Facebook Instagram 2024 © Macplants | Ts & Cs | Accessibility | Privacy Policy Site by Redstone Websites - Easy to use Web Content Management. id=8810 Close