SEO for Cannabis Dispensaries | Canna Sprints Pismo Beach (805) 316-7030 Request a Free Consultation Menu Home About Forecast SEO Revenue Contact Home About Forecast SEO Revenue Contact We Help Take Cannabis Brands From $100k to $1m Using our Growth Sprint Framework, we help dispensaries and cannabis brands increase revenue from Google through short, targeted marketing sprints. Proven Digital Lead Systems You Own and Control Built by the Experts To Grow, Scale, and Dominate Markets for CANNABIS BRANDS We drive more organic search traffic and sales for cannabis brands and dispenaries.Proven process for ranking multi-location dispensary websites and Google My Business listings that drive consistent year around sales without giving a cut to Weedmaps and Leafly through one time marketing sprint projects. Free Revenue Projection Tool Proven Process for Sustained Lead Flow Forecast ROI Calculate ROI from an SEO campaign. Strategy Sprint Lay the foundation. Google My Business Maximize Map visibility. Sales CRO Site design & automation to drive more sales. Cannabis SEO shouldn't be complicated. Introducing… growth sprints for service companies. A simple 4-part methodology for driving more traffic, leads, and revenue. This process get’s BIG results for our clients: Our clients added thousands in daily sales by ranking higher in Google & Google Maps. Our Team Only Does SEO for Cannabis Brands Here at Canna Sprints, we have a team dedicated to ranking dispensary websites and their Google My Business listing so they are highly visible whenever someone in their service area searches for dispensaries, cannabis delivery, and everything else related to your business. This delivers a long term solution to consistent year around traffic and sales without having to give a cut to directory sites like Leafly and Weedmaps. Own your own piece of real estate! Transparency, Honesty, Results. you get complete transparency From strategy road maps, monthly task lists, and on-going link building, you will have a complete picture of exactly what we do. we are Google partners Members of our team are certified Google Partners in Search & Display Advertising. Your campaigns will be in expert hands. every client has a Dedicated manager Every client is given a dedicated account manager – one number to call whenever you have questions or concerns. Interested in Learning More? Contact Us. doug@heysimpletree.com Latest from the blog Posted by Doug Swarts Get a Revenue Projection Report (FREE) Forecast New Revenue from an SEO Campaign with Our Free Report Stop giving away market share to competitors and directory sites like Weedmaps. Learn exactly what your ROI would be from an SEO campaign. Still not sure if an organic search Cannabis Growth Sprints is right for you? 👆 This tool shows you what your… Read more » Jan 15, 2023 About Us Your Advisors to Success Most solar companies struggle to generate consistent, cost effective, quality leads. We have a process that helps them implement the right systems in the right channels so their company can scale without worrying solely on referrals and overpriced, low quality leads. Have You Ever Asked Yourself How in the world do I get more solar leads that aren’t junk? How can I find a marketing company who will understand our mission? What if I run out of money and resources? How do we leverage marketing to accomplish our targets? How do I make my solar sales effort truly significant? We Understand How Difficult it Can Be Every solar company wants to disrupt the energy market in their own way. But, the lack of understanding, marketing budget, and stiff competition makes it almost impossible for many solar companies to scale. We have worked with some of the top solar companies over the past decade, and we understand how frightening it can be to think about your critical, world-changing service never getting off the ground or growing. Contact Central Coast: Simple Tree Digital We are a digital marketing firm specializing in building solar firms, designers, and installers their own high quality lead generation systems. Address : 708 Dolliver St. Suite C2, Pismo Beach,CA 93449 United States Tel : (805) 316-7030 Email : simpletreedigital@gmail.com Services Lead Systems Solar SEO Solar Pay Per Click Email Marketing Facebook Ads Keep it Simple Stupid! Contact Us About Us Sitemap (805) 316-7030 © SEO for Cannabis Dispensaries