Home - A. Costa & Associates Email: admin@acosta.com.au Phone: (03) 9646 0177 Home About Us Our Services Latest News Client Resources Contact Us Home About Us Our Services Latest News Client Resources Contact Us Welcome to A. Costa & Associates Accountants & Business Advisors Welcome to A. Costa & Associates Accountants & Business Advisors A2M : $5.75 ▲ AFI : $7.35 ▼ AGL : $8.70 ▲ AIA : $7.52 ▼ ALD : $38.01 ▲ ALL : $45.87 ▼ ALQ : $12.59 ▲ ALU : $65.18 ▼ ALX : $5.29 AMC : $14.13 ▲ ANZ : $28.85 ▲ ARG : $8.78 ▼ ASX : $65.79 ▲ AZJ : $3.83 ▲ BEN : $9.84 BHP : $44.18 ▼ BKW : $30.38 ▲ BLD : $6.09 ▼ BOQ : $6.07 ▲ BRG : $26.83 ▲ BSL : $21.20 ▼ BXB : $15.40 ▲ CAR : $35.26 ▼ CBA : $117.97 ▲ CGF : $6.65 ▲ CIA : $7.70 ▼ COH : $337.30 ▲ COL : $16.36 ▼ CPU : $25.62 ▲ CSL : $281.38 ▼ CSR : $8.83 CWY : $2.57 DMP : $46.09 ▲ EBO : $34.00 ▼ EDV : $5.22 ▲ EVN : $3.19 ▼ FLT : $20.65 ▲ FMG : $25.62 ▼ FPH : $22.80 ▼ GQG : $2.17 ▼ HVN : $4.89 ▼ IAG : $6.20 ▼ IEL : $18.71 ▼ IFT : $9.83 ▲ IGO : $7.55 ▼ IPL : $2.72 ▲ JBH : $59.35 ▼ JHX : $61.25 ▲ LYC : $5.77 ▼ MEZ : $5.47 ▼ MIN : $63.16 ▼ MPL : $3.81 ▲ MQG : $192.94 ▲ MTS : $3.80 ▲ NAB : $34.01 ▲ NEM : $51.19 ▼ NHC : $4.75 ▲ NST : $14.08 ▼ NWL : $19.46 NXT : $16.67 ▼ ORG : $8.66 ▼ ORI : $16.92 ▼ PLS : $4.05 ▼ PME : $98.30 ▼ PMV : $29.15 ▼ QAN : $5.06 ▼ QBE : $16.86 ▼ QUB : $3.22 REA : $181.57 ▼ REH : $27.93 ▼ RHC : $55.89 ▲ RIO : $123.07 ▼ RMD : $27.33 ▼ RWC : $5.51 ▼ S32 : $2.89 ▼ SDF : $5.77 ▲ SEK : $26.04 ▼ SHL : $28.05 ▼ SOL : $34.56 ▼ SPK : $4.71 ▲ SQ2 : $114.94 ▼ STO : $7.14 ▼ SUN : $15.29 ▼ SVW : $40.00 ▼ TLC : $5.04 ▲ TLS : $3.81 ▲ TLX : $11.74 ▼ TNE : $16.42 ▼ TPG : $4.67 ▼ TWE : $12.09 ▼ VEA : $3.50 ▼ WBC : $26.85 ▲ WDS : $30.38 ▲ WES : $65.15 ▼ WHC : $7.09 ▲ WOR : $16.67 ▼ WOW : $32.60 ▲ WTC : $93.00 ▼ XRO : $132.18 ▼ YAL : $6.26 ▲ Accounting is so much more than dealing with historical information and forms. Welcome Learn more about how the team at A. Costa & Associates can help you with your taxation and accounting needs. Our Practice was launched in January 2000 after the implementation of the GST in Australia. A group of like minded accountants realised that the GST would have enormous implications for small business. We knew that there would be significant demand for regular information and support services - beyond the role of the simple "tax" accountant. We needed a system and set of processes that would enable us to communicate with our client base on a regular basis and allow access to important information from the Australian Taxation Office and other sources of information. At A. Costa & Associates, we believe in providing quailty Accounting, Finance, Taxation and Business Advisory services to our client base in a timely and efficient manner. Our website has been designed with this in mind and allows our clients to gain immediate access to the information, resources and help they need to run their businesses. We look forward to meeting you and welcoming you as a client to A Costa & Associates Careers For sound business, taxation or financial advice, allow us to assist you to do what you want, when you want and in the manner that you want Our Services Services that cover the full spectrum of business and personal accounting, taxation and advisory needs. Learn More Accounting & Tax Returns Don't get lost under the paperwork. We can organise your accounting and tax returns in an efficient and effective manner, compliant with the ATO. Learn More Consultancy Services Competent advice and professional and friendly service in the areas of compliance, taxation and business advice services. Learn More Business Advisory We offer a wide range of business advisory services to ensure that your business is as competitive, focused and as profitable as it can be. Learn More Self-Managed Super Funds Take control of your retirement strategy with a Self Managed Superannuation Fund, we are here to help you meet your obligations and make the most of your superannuation. Learn More Business Accounting We like to understand what your business is trying to achieve so that our input maximises your outcomes, we are here to help your business grow efficiently and effectively. Learn More Corporate Compliance It's important to ensuring that your business recording and reporting is well structured and documented. We provide a broad range of compliance services so that you can focus on running your business. Keeping you up to date on various matters that could impact you. Latest News Small businesses may ‘collapse under strain of payday super’, IPA warns Existing issues within the SG system must be rectified before the government proceeds with the new changes, the IPA says.... Read More ATO’s hands tied with scrapping on-hold debts, expert says The Tax Office lacks power under current laws to do anything about the wildly unpopular scheme despite plans to review its approach, according to a UNSW professor.... Read More What Drives Your Business Growth and Profits? Every business owner wants to grow their business and their profits. ... Read More Australian Taxation Office (ATO) shifting to firmer debt collection activity The ATO has flagged a return to more aggressive debt collection actions after seeing a trend of profitable businesses that have the capacity to pay their tax debts but are actively choosing not to do so.... Read More Why employee v contractor comes down to fine print The task of worker classification has been a long-running point of contention but the Commissioner’s response to recent court cases suggests a written contract is king.... Read More Sharing economy reporting regime for platform operators Individuals participating in the sharing economy should be aware that transactions for supplying taxi travel/ride sourcing and short-term accommodation are now required to be reported under the sharing economy reporting regime (SERR).... Read More Countries producing the most solar power by gigawatt hours Check out the countries that produce the most solar power.... Read More Illegal access nets $637 million The ATO has found $637 million of superannuation savings has left the system due to illegal early access carried out through SMSFs.... Read More Accessing superannuation benefits. Common conditions of release include the fund member having reached preservation age and retired, or commenced a transition-to-retirement income stream; ceasing an employment arrangement on or after the age of 60; being 65 years old even though they haven’t retired; or having died.... Read More Read more Leave the paperwork and bring your business online. Client Resources Login to our Secure Client Portal or enjoy the links to FREE tools and calculators supplied by MoneySmart. Read More Accounting Videos Watch our video series to learn more about the value of getting taxation and accounting advice, how it applies to common life events and how we can help you. Login Secure File Transfer Secure File Transfer is a facility that allows the safe and secure exchange of confidential files or documents between you and us. Read More Tax Diary We provide an up-to-date and accurate calendar for our taxation clients. Financial year diaries are the perfect business tool, with updated tax information. Read More General Calculators Powered by ASIC's MoneySmart, these FREE calculators can help give you direction and motivate you to achieve your financial goals. Read More Useful Links We've compiled a broad range of useful links for your use. These include tax resources, finance, media, Australian government assistance, business and accounting software. Get in touch with us. We're here to help you. Contact Us We'd love to get in touch and we welcome any enquiry that you may have Get in Touch A. Costa & Associates welcomes your enquiry. To book an appointment or simply ask us a question, fill in your details and we'll be in touch soon! Building M 115, 87 Turner Street, Port Melbourne VIC 3207 PO Box 200, PORT MELBOURNE, VIC 3207 (03) 9646 0177 admin@acosta.com.au Your Name Email Address Phone Number Your Enquiry Company © Copyright 2024 A. Costa & Associates. All Rights Reserved. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation Site by AcctWeb Disclaimer: The information contained within the website is of a general nature only. Whilst every care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the material, Capitalwise will not bear responsibility or liability for any action taken by any person, persons or organisation on the purported basis of information contained herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no person, persons or organisation should invest monies or take action on reliance of the material contained herein but instead should satisfy themselves independently of the appropriateness of such action. Careers We look for well rounded individuals that will fit in to a team environment, that has built a reputation for delivering quality advice and excellent service. We are looking for: Excellent academic record Drive and motivation Team player Maturity Long-term aspirations Unfortunately, there are currently no available positions. Accounting Services and Income Tax Returns We believe accounting services should be straight forward and stress-free. By providing cutting edge accounting, taxation and financial solutions, our team at A. Costa & Associates will work with you to understand your needs and help you achieve your goals. Our approach will make it easier for you to manage your cash flow and meet your tax obligations. Income Tax Returns can be complex and there are tax deductions and expense claims which are permissible, but of which you may not be aware. We can help you minimise the tax payable, and potentially increase your tax refund, while making sure your tax return is lodged on time. We understand that Fiscal compliance is of the upmost importance, however, we at A. Costa & Associates also believe in offering additional input regarding management support for all levels of your business and personal situations. Our expertise includes the following: Personal & Business Tax Returns Annual Reporting Business and Tax Advisory Services Management of ATO Correspondence Self-Managed Superannuation Funds Investment properties - tax and negative gearing HELP (higher education loans) debts Superannuation Estate Returns and Financial Statements Business Valuations Interim Management Accounts and Reporting Testamentary Trusts Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (03) 9646 0177 or make an enquiry via email at admin@acosta.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Get in Contact Tax & Accounting Consultancy Services Management Accounting includes the preparation of management reports and accounts that provide accurate and timely financial and statistical information. Information required by managers to make day-to-day and short-term decisions more efficiently and effectively to achieve desired outcomes such as increasing profit or delivering improved services. Unlike financial accounting, which produces tax returns and annual reports, management accounting generates monthly or weekly reports for an organization's management and decision makers. These reports typically show items such as available cash, sales revenue, orders in hand, accounts payable and accounts receivable, and outstanding debts. An important aspect of Management accounting is determining what information management needs and communicating this effectively. A. Costa & Associates can assist with all aspects of management reporting including: Strategic advice to managers about the financial implications of projects KPI reporting Explaining the financial consequences of business decisions Formulating business budgets and business plans and strategies Monitoring spending, financial control and Cashflow projection Conducting internal business audits Monthly/quarterly management reports Product costing reviews. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (03) 9646 0177 or make an enquiry via email at admin@acosta.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Get in Contact Business Accounting You concentrate on running your business and let A. Costa & Associates take care of all your business accounting and taxation requirements. The following list covers many of the areas where we help our clients but we also like to understand what your business is trying to achieve so that our input maximises your outcomes. Accounting and bookkeeping Accounting software advice and assistance Business & company tax returns Taxation – GST & PAYG advice, BAS preparation Liaise with the ATO on your behalf Help understand your WorkCover obligations Tax Audit advice & audit insurance Superannuation for you and your staff Business ‘start up’ advice Prepare Business plans and financial budgets and review these regularly Measure your performance against industry benchmarks Trust & company structures Business Insurance. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (03) 9646 0177 or make an enquiry via email at admin@acosta.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Get in Contact Self-Managed Superannuation Funds (SMSFs) Setting up a Self-Managed Superannuation Fund is a major financial decision. We understand that you’re busy and that the SMSF rules are complicated. We will provide you with an end to end solution giving you access to all the support and expertise you need to ensure your SMSF is well managed and compliant. A SMSF can have many advantages but, equally, you need to consider the reasons why a SMSF may not suit your needs. We can help you decide if this is the right option for you. Advantages of a SMSF: Having control of your retirement savings can lead to a deeper understanding of how your overall wealth is tracking, and gives you more confidence in your investment and lifestyle decisions. You can have access to a broader range of investments. You can invest in the usual options such as shares, term deposits, managed funds and property but you can also hold alternative assets such as artwork, jewellery, antiques, and wine. There are though, very strict rules on holding the latter assets in your self-managed super fund. You retain control while still being able to take advice from your advisors. Beneficial tax planning strategies. Greater flexibility for accessing Centrelink benefits such as the age pension. But a SMSF is not for everyone: If you have set up a self-managed super fund (SMSF), you are in charge and you make the investment decisions for the fund. You must also be aware that you are responsible for complying with superannuation and tax laws, maintaining records, providing financial statements, completing tax returns and organising an annual independent audit. You also need time and expertise to run your SMSF. Compliance is very important. There can be up to 4 Trustees and their thoughts and ideas have to be included. The ATO offers advice on the responsibilities of having a SMSF. A. Costa & Associates offers advice on all SMSF services, including: The setting up of a SMSF and all administration tasks such as preparation of your trust deed and the completion and lodgement of relevant ATO statements. Superannuation consolidation. Ensuring your SMSF is compliant with current superannuation laws and regulations Advice on life and disability Insurance options. If there is more than one member in your SMSF, we can offer advice on what will happen in the event of ill health, death, relationship breakdown, or waning interest. Advice regarding Investment in Property Appointment of Trustees Audit of your SMSF Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (03) 9646 0177 or make an enquiry via email at admin@acosta.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Get in Contact Business Advisory Choosing your business structure is an important decision and A. Costa & Associates can consult with you and suggest the best structure for your business. There are four main business structures commonly used by small businesses in Australia. They are: Sole trader: an individual operating as the sole person legally responsible for all aspects of the business. Like other structures, as a sole trader you can employ people to help you run your business. The structure is inexpensive to set up because there are few legal and tax formalities. Partnership: an association of people or entities running a business together, but not as a company. A partnership is relatively inexpensive to set up and operate. Company: a legal entity separate from its shareholders. It is a complex business structure, with set-up and administrative costs that are usually higher than for other business structures. Trust: an entity that holds property or income for the benefit of others. Trusts require a formal trust deed that outlines how the trust operates, require the trustee to undertake formal yearly administrative tasks and if you operate your business as a trust, the trustee is legally responsible for its operations. A trustee of a trust can be a company, providing some asset protection. Companies and Trusts are more complicated business structures but they have their advantages and A. Costa & Associates can discuss these with you. It is important to note that you can change your business structure throughout the life of your business. We can also assist with: Business takeovers Valuation of business Due diligence reports Due diligence services Business risk profiles Specialist Tax advice Tax planning Board of Directors representation Specialist Tax advice Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (03) 9646 0177 or make an enquiry via email at admin@acosta.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Get in Contact Corporate Compliance A. Costa & Associates has the experience and understanding of the legal and regulatory framework that applies to business entities and we can help you understand the myriad compliance programs and regulated obligations that affect your business/company. We will make sure your business/company meets all its obligations to ASIC (Australian Securities & Investments Commission), the ATO (Australian Taxation Office) and the SRO (State Revenue Office of Victoria). Compliance is of paramount importance but we also believe that management advice and support is a crucial aspect of corporate accounting. We can assist with: The formation of trusts and new company registrations Preparation of annual company statements Attending to ASIC returns and regular filings on your behalf Any company changes or change of directors Business name registrations and maintenance Renewal of business name/s and other registrations Preparing meeting minutes and drafting resolutions Share allotments/transfers/buy-backs Unit Trusts and allotment/transfer of units and change of Trustee Family Trust set up and change of Trustees Provision of registered office services for service of notices Preparing minutes and drafting resolutions. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (03) 9646 0177 or make an enquiry via email at admin@acosta.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Get in Contact Accounting Videos Secure File Transfer Secure File Transfer is a facility that allows the safe and secure exchange of confidential files or documents between you and us. Email is very convenient in our business world, there is no doubting that. However email messages and attachments can be intercepted by third parties, putting your privacy and identity at risk if used to send confidential files or documents. Secure File Transfer eliminates this risk. Login to Secure File Transfer, or contact us if you require a username and password. Username: Password: Tax Diary General Calculators Useful Links