ORB Biotronics Pvt. Ltd-Medical Equipment, Devices And Diagnostics Products call us at 8100079205 ORB Biotronics Pvt.Ltd Medical Equipment,Devices And Diagnostics Products Home About Products Arthrosocopy Bronchoscopy Colposcopy Ent Electrosurgical Devices Gynaecology Laproscopy Urology Ultrasonic Energy Devices Modular Operation Theatre Services Quality Contact In fore front of Biomedical Engineering. The name you know. The professionals you trust. Tomorrow’s technology for today’s challenges Welcome To orb biotronics Pvt.Ltd ORB Biotronics Pvt. Ltd is a premier medical device manufacturing and distribution company operating for nearly two decades throughout West Bengal and in the neighbouring states of India.The organization also has its international reach in Bangladesh, Nepal & Bhutan. Leveraging excellent customer service and existing business relationships, ORB Biotronics represents a select group of the eastern region’s top medical device supply companies. Read More Introducing TRUE Hb hemometer-A Compact,ultra convenient and portable hemoglobinmeter. TRUEHB FEATURES High Precision Portable Intelligent self assessing hardware Ease of useing hardware High Memory High battery life Ergonomically Designed High Shelf life of strips Robust strips Quick on the spot results Read More featured products CO2 Insufflator Fully Automatic Electronic, digital CO2 Insufflator , Maximum Flow rate is 25/30/40/45 ltr /min. Digital Displays for Flow rate, Pressure, Volume of gasconsumed. Read More LED Light Source Universal light cable socketSingle High Power LED-LAMPLAMP power-150WColor temperature approx. 6000KLight control from 2-100%Lamp life 50,000h, Read More CCD Endo Camera HD Telescope 0/30º, enlarged view, diameter 10/5 mm, length 310 mm, autoclave able, fiber optic light transmission incorporated.High resolution and exceptional Read More Laparoscopy Hand Instruments Set Veress Needle with stopcock and Luer – Lock – Connection, WL-120mmTrocar / Cannula Size–11mmTrocar / Cannula, Size–5.5mm Reducer sleeve Read More Why ORB Biotronics? Performance, expertise and trust are at the core of our business. Through a combined 25 years of experience, we’ve built valuable relationships with key opinion leaders, which has led us to become both experts in the field and extremely knowledgeable of the regulatory landscape in India. A family-owned and operated company, we’re proud to say we are on solid financial standing, have a positive credit history and an unmatched payable record. Our distribution network is secure, professional and thoroughly vetted. To further reinforce our industry position, we are ISO compliant and are certified/licensed by the State of West Bengal to distribute pharmaceuticals……….. Read More Our partner Member of Professional bodies Mission To provide world-class representation and distribution services to global medical device manufacturers via unparalleled relationships and distribution channels throughout West Bengal, Orissa, Jharkhand and Bihar. To provide confidence to consumers by providing quality service & exceeding their expectations. To provide high satisfaction to consumers through solution that fits best. Being available when needed most. Vision To be the leader in bio medical equipment business in geography of choice, consistently delivering superior value to clinicians through highly engaged employees, with a strong commitment towards sustainability and our values. Useful Links:About Quality Services Privacy Policy Terms Of ServiceFEATURED PRODUCTS CONTACT INFO ORB BIOTRONICS PVT. LTDPhone9433028316Fax033-24188316AddressORB BIOTRONICS PVT. LTD Unnayan Commercial Complex Unf-44,1050/1 Survey Park Kolkata-700075Social Links Copyright © 2019 orbbiotronics Designed and Developed by Vaskar Web Shopping Basket