Experts In Shipping Logistics | BETHLOG About Us Our Team Services Blog Gallery Contact Us Track a Shipment Welcome to Bethelogistics Partner in International Freight Forwarding! full sustainable cargo solutions! Partner in International Freight Forwarding & Multi-Modal Transportation. sustainable warehousing services reliable air freight services innovative ocean freight services We Are your Logistics Solution At BethLOG Our Services include tightly managed control ISO Certified Goods Insurance Door to Door Shipping Complete end to end shipping in the industry where process starts from door step of the enquirer and cargo is taken from location of the enquirer and passes through the various clearing process and delivered to the door of the consignee. door of the enquirer to the door of the consignee. Simply collecting from a seller and delivering to a buyer. Customs Brokerage BethLOG is licensed and have the expertise to quickly move your goods in compliance with Ghana customs and import regulations. All customs formalities carried out to get goods out of ports which includes customs inspection, customs examination with physical means i.e export and import clearance. Project Cargo Expertise in transportation of large, heavy-duty, high value, or complex pieces of equipment being domestic or international. Dangerous Goods Handling BethLOG have staffs who have been trained and certified by Local and International accredited I.A.T.A dangerous goods trainers to handle all types of Hazardous Substances such as lithium batteries, acid, dryers and other sensitive shipment in specialized cargo. We also handle vaccines in this case. Cross Trade When cargo is moved between an origin and destination without it entering the country where the shipper is registered. Truly global network for goods which we do not need to touch Ghana shores. We provide our customers with the benefit of servicing their clients from Suppliers Worldwide to all worldwide destinations. Shipping Agency Represent Shipping line between buyer and seller to help move goods through routes. About Bethel Logistics Reliable Logistic & Transport Solutions! BethLOG is a representative logistics operator providing full range of service in the sphere of customs clearance transportation worldwide for any cargo. We aim to grow and support the increasing market demand for international operations. Our goal is to be the "World’s Leading Logistics Provider". A rich customer experience, innovative technology coupled with professional staff and expertise, who are dedicated, highly skilled and abreast with new developments. Learn More 14 Years Of Experience We are a bonafied member of Freight Forwarders Associations Awesome International Portfolio and Clientele. We are linked to Five Internationally Freight Forwarders Associations, a registered member of Ghana Institute of Freights Forwarers (GIFF), International Federation of Freight Forwarders Associations (FIATA) and a registered member of Ghana Customs. Contact Us (233) 20 452 8900 HOTLINE We're Reaching New Milestones We appreciate the continued support from everyone! 00 Offices Worldwide 00 Countries 00 International Freight Forwarders Association 00 Continents 00 Network Partners BethLOG Partners Our Network Partners Our global partner network helps customers of all sizes implement and deploy BethLOG Solutions. global locations Accra Office No. 179 Olusegun Obasanjo Street, North Ridge. Off nima-maamobi highway, adjacent Accra Girls High School. info@bethelogistics.com (233) 302 261 510 Takoradi Office 1st floor, APS Building Opposite Harbour Main Post Office, High Street. info@bethelogistics.com (233) 204 528 900 Tema office Room No. 19 Bob Linus Building, Community 4, Tema. info@bethelogistics.com (233) 204 528 900 Get The Latest News & Updates On Bethelogistics. Sign Up! about BethLOG At BethLOG, we fundamentally believe that growth is a way of life and we have to positively grow at all means possible in our field of work. Our Company About BethLOG Our Team Services News Gallery Help Center If you have any questions or need help, feel free to contact our team. +233 302 261 510 Opening Hours Mon - Fri 8:30 - 17:00, Sat: 10:00 -15:00 Awards & Recognitions BETHEL LOGISTICS COMPANY LIMITED IS NOW ISO CERTIFIED. © BethLOG, Developed by Team MSMPUSHER ❤