Home - You Look So German!Hartseeited film demonstration gallery leader. Contact you look so german! A film by Nirit Ben-Josephtrailer Watch Startseeiteder Film demonstration gallery leader. Kontaktdie Israeli travel guide Nirit Ben-Joseph accidentally meets a distant relative in Berlin.This starts an unknown journey into your family history for you ... Director/screenplay/production: Nirit Ben-Joseph camera: Tom Schildberg cut: Tobias Otte and Haik Büchsensprung music: Circus Marcus Commentary “Thank you for this online film screening of the very personal and emotional filmThe Berlin family history of the likeable and brave director Nirit Ben Joseph.I was able to understand and experience your personal journey through doubts, feelings of guilt, shock, anger and grief.That is remembered.With best regards R. e. ”“ Our teacher had drawn us aware of the film.Actually, I didn't want to come.But then I let myself be persuaded.And I have to say that I was very impressed.The filmmaker Nirit Ben Joseph in particular was so cool, despite the sad topic.I am now paying more attention to this topic. Thank you!I.H. “Director/screenplay/Production: Nirit Ben-Joseph camera: Tom Schildberg cut: Tobias Otte and Haik Büchsenschritt music: Circus Marcus comments“ Thank you for this online film screening of the very personal and emotional film about the Berlin family history of the likeable and brave director Nir Joseph.I was able to understand and experience your personal journey through doubts, feelings of guilt, shock, anger and grief.That is remembered.With best regards R. e. ”“ Our teacher had drawn us aware of the film.Actually, I didn't want to come.But then I let myself be persuaded.And I have to say that I was very impressed.The filmmaker Nirit Ben Joseph in particular was so cool, despite the sad topic.I am now paying more attention to this topic. Thank you!I.H. “You Look So German! A film by Nirit Ben-Joseph Impressum & Data Protection website Design & Implementation: Enno HytTrek, Ennohyttrek.de © 2023 Nirit Ben-Joseph version 1.0.5theme version 1.6