Home| All India Students Union Dubwaliya yadavchapra, chanpatia, west champaran, Bihar-845450 Support@aisu4india.in Follow us: Aisu4india Home About Initiative Verify Your Details Certificate Verification AISU Pamphlet Pages Press Release Join us Our Team Privacy Policy Downloads Join Now EMPOWERING THE VOICE OF STUDENT'S JOIN HAND WITH AISU Join us Arise • Awake • Empower Become Associate Member Previous Next About Us Empowering the voice of Students "Education is the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world." Nelson Mandela We are dedicated to fostering positive change in the lives of students, promoting activism, and enhancing student welfare while striving to transform the education system in India. Learn More Contact Us Feature Causes ARISE • AWAKE • EMPOWER #JoinAISU Join Hand with AISU Join AISU, the All India Students Union, and be a part of a movement dedicated to empowering the voice of students and shaping the future of education in India. Join #Say No to Ragging Join the fight against ragging Share your experiences and contribute to creating safer campuses. Fill the form through the link below and make your voice heard. Together, let's say NO to ragging and foster respect and compassion. Click here to fill What We Do Learn More What We Do And Get Involved Our Vision Empowering the voice of Students we believe in the power of students to create a better future for themselves and the nation. Our vision is to nurture a generation of confident, engaged, and socially responsible individuals who actively contribute to the progress of India. Learn More Our Mision Empowering Indian students Through activism and fostering a culture of positive change. We Strive to create a generation of Socially responsible individual Who actively contribute to the Progress and empowerment of themselves, their communities, and the nation. Learn More Message to All Uprising Voices: AISU Leading the Youth Movement for Empowerment and Change All India Students Union (AISU), an initiative of the Federation of Indian Youth Association, dedicated to the betterment of the education system in India. As an organization run by students, teachers, and professors, AISU is committed to representing the interests and concerns of students nationwide. We believe in the power of students to shape the future of our country through education and leadership. our core objective is to empower students and youth to actively participate in creating a better India. We provide a platform for you to voice your issues and concerns related to education, and we work tirelessly to bring these matters to the attention of concerned authorities, advocating for appropriate reforms. Our vision is to nurture a generation of confident, engaged, and socially responsible individuals who actively contribute to the progress of India. We believe that every student deserves access to quality education, and we are dedicated to making it a reality for all. Through activism and fostering a culture of positive change, our mission is to empower Indian students to become socially responsible individuals who contribute to the progress and empowerment of themselves, their communities, and the nation. We invite you to join our movement and be a part of the positive change we strive to bring to the education system in India. Together, we can work towards building a brighter future for all. Your voice matters, and together, we can make a difference. let's collectively shape the destiny of our nation through education and unity. Join us now! Testimonial Trusted By Thousands Of Students I am pleased to write this testimonial for the AISU where I have worked for some campaigns. It was an incredibly rewarding experience, and I am proud of everything that we accomplished together.we work together irrespective of designations , we work as friends we live as family. It’s challenging to pick just one life lesson that I’ve learned. But one thing is certain: I discovered how and Why to live for others. Pratham Gaur It’s wonderful that I have the chance To work together with AISU. As opposed to just a volunteer, NGO management treats you like a member of the family. Even though there have been times when we’ve had to work all day and night on campaigns, this place really does give you the chance to make the best memories of your life. We strive, we fail, yet we still prefer the journey to the destination. One of my successes in this experience was learning to focus more on the present than to procrastinate future. Harshit Singh It was very nice working with FIYA. I learnt and implemented new technologies along with my existing knowledge to complete tasks, which has helped me to enhance my skill set and made me more productive in this field. I would like to thank FIYA members to have faith in my skills and help me throughout the internship process. Thank you. Ayush Mishra B.tech, NIT Trichy During my internship with FIYA, I had an incredible experience that fostered personal and professional growth. Challenging assignments aligned with my interests and career goals allowed me to apply and acquire new skills. With a supportive mentor providing guidance and feedback, I felt confident in navigating obstacles and developing as a professional Ajit kumar B.tech, JIIT Noida I am immensely grateful for the learning experience I gained during my internship with FIYA. The opportunity to work on challenging assignments aligned with my interests and career goals was invaluable. I extend my heartfelt thanks for the opportunity to grow both personally and professionally Alok Yadav BCA, Parul University It is a great experience to work with FIYA. I learned a lot in the work. Now I am ready to work in any company Himanshu Dixit B.Tech, Jaypee University While as a intern with FIYA I get to how the work flow goes and how to manage with other team members , this intern helps me a lot to gain more knowledge about web dev . Tushar B.Tech, Ch. Ranbir Singh State Institute of Engineering and Technology AISU An initiative of Federation of Indian Youth Association, a registered organization under the Indian Trust Act, 1882 Address Dubwaliya yadavchapra, chanpatia, west champaran, Bihar-845450 75492 61569 Support@aisu4india.in Aisu4india@gmail.com Quick Links About Us Feedback Initiative Press Release Privacy Policy join us Newsletter Register Your mail to get Updates SignUp © Aisu, All Right Reserved. Designed By Rajneesh Yadav