Atlanta Tax Attorney | Marietta Georgia IRS Lawyer | Jeffrey L. Cohen Law Skip to content ABOUTCLIENT RESULTSREVIEWS ON AVVONEWSASK A TAX ATTORNEY MenuABOUTCLIENT RESULTSREVIEWS ON AVVONEWSASK A TAX ATTORNEY +1-404-937-1414 5 STAR 'MOST REVIEWED' ATLANTA TAX ATTORNEY Over 30 years of proven tax relief to help you… Get Immediate Tax Relief The best tax attorney in Atlanta is Jeffrey L. Cohen.CALL 404-937-1414 FOR YOUR FREE PHONE CONSULTATIONCLICK HERE TO CALL ME FOR YOUR FREE PHONE CONSULTATION“I fight to get the very best tax resolution possible for each of my clients. The list of client success stories prove it. And I can do the same for you.”Jeff CohenReal Client ResultsThe Client’s $3.5 MILLION Tax Refund Was Approved!After working on an Internal Revenue Service audit case for two years, my client’s $3.5 million tax refund was approved. The Internal Revenue Service initially challenged it every way they could, even sending the case up to the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation for review. The refund was approved yesterday, and the client and his CPA are ecstatic!A $460,000 tax bill reduced to $100!!I hired Mr. Cohen when the Georgia Department of Revenue said I owed them $460,000. He proved I did not owe that amount and settled with them for $100. I could not be more pleased!!A 90% Reduction in the Client's Tax Bill!We just helped our client settle with the IRS for just over TEN CENTS on the Dollar! We had a very successful meeting with actual Internal Revenue Service agents in our office this week. My client, who owes $192,000 for tax years extending all the way back to the year 2001, will pay only $1,000 a month for 22 months, representing a huge savings, and a well-deserved relief from the stress of dealing with the Internal Revenue Service for such a long time.This IRS appeal earned my client a refund!The Internal Revenue Service sent our client an assessment of $31,000 which he disagreed with. I promptly filed a formal appeal, and within three months the Internal Revenue Service fully conceded the issue. In addition, they determined that they will also send the client a $4100 refund!$400k State Sales Tax Assessment Eliminated!A north Georgia business was assessed well over $400,000 in back sales taxes by the Georgia Department of Revenue. Their appeal was rejected, so we decided to resubmit the appeal based on a reading of the law. It took a year for the State's response, but we got a total concession by the DOR and the client owes nothing now. Previous NextFor the sake of privacy for our clients, images presented here with real client quotes are not actual clients.REAL CLIENT RESULTSThe Client’s $3.5 MILLION Tax Refund Was Approved!After working on an Internal Revenue Service audit case for two years, my client’s $3.5 million tax refund was approved. The Internal Revenue Service initially challenged it in every way they could, even sending the case up to the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation for review. The refund was approved yesterday, and the client and his CPA are ecstatic!A 90% Reduction in the Client’s Tax Bill!We just helped our client settle with the IRS for just over TEN CENTS on the Dollar!We had a very successful meeting with actual Internal Revenue Service agents in our office this week. My client, who owes $192,000 for tax years extending all the way back to the year 2001, will pay only $1,000 a month for 22 months, representing a huge savings, and a well-deserved relief from the stress of dealing with the Internal Revenue Service for such a long time.Customer Comments "Professional, super clear and very practical" "We were always kept well informed of the progress with complete access to discuss or meet on a regular basis if needed.."Pianos for Peace "Jeff Cohen is the only one I felt like understood all the troubles I have had." "Having the right lawyer that knows what point to use to present your case will make the difference you need. I highly recommend you consult with Jeff Cohen."Ashley Eason "Highly recommended and would trust him with any tax issue." "We were always kept well informed of the progress with complete access to discuss or meet on a regular basis if needed." Matthew Sisk "Thanks Jeff! I appreciate everything, your professionalism, your knowledge, your courtesy, everything." Richard Griffie READ CLIENT SUCCESS STORIES If you’re looking for an IRS tax lawyer to help with a tax problem, I can guide you through the process and make it easy and stress-free so you can focus on the things that matter most in your life. PERSONALIZED SERVICEGet Personalized Legal Representation from a Top Atlanta Tax AttorneyUnlike many firms, who would assign a junior attorney to your case, I personally handle and represent every tax case that comes to the firm.This means that each tax client has an experienced and successful representative on their side with over 30 years of successful legal experience. For such high stakes matters as tax audits and controversies, you deserve nothing less.Recognized for Success Tax Law Section of the GA State Bar Receives Award of AchievementThe Taxation Law Section Chair, Jeffrey L. Cohen stated “I am proud of the work and accomplishments of the Taxation Law Section over this trying year, and am pleased that they have received this recognition.”Read the full articleAs featured on WSBTVClick Image on Right to See Video After business hours? Don’t worry.Tax issues can keep you up at night. If you are looking for solutions after business hours or during the weekend, we want to help. Send us a message using this form and I will personally respond as quickly as possible. Your Name Your Email Address Your Phone Number Message Send Your Message Tax Questions? CLICK HERE TO WATCH OUR VIDEOS Whether you need help addressing a tax controversy, buying or selling a business or plan to preserve your financial legacy through establishing a will or a trust, to schedule a consultation. I am an experienced Atlanta tax attorney known for being a strong negotiator, an effective tax litigator and an insightful counselor. He will take every measure possible to help you find solutions that work for you and your business.Recent News Articles Protecting Your Finances: Look Out for These Red Flags for a Tax Audit February 13, 2024 No Comments Receiving a letter from the IRS stating that your information “does not agree” with their records is a daunting prospect. In short, you’re being audited. Although the IRS audits less than 1% of all tax returns, the following are red flags for an IRS audit and could increase your chances of being scrutinized. Read More » Demystifying IRS Online Payment Plans: What You Need to Know February 8, 2024 No Comments The IRS offers online payment plans to help taxpayers manage their tax debt. By breaking down the amount owed into monthly payments, individuals can avoid the financial strain of a lump sum payment. These plans also help prevent severe consequences like liens or wage garnishment. Applying for a payment plan is straightforward, and taxpayers have the flexibility to choose their monthly payment amount based on their financial situation. However, it’s important to note that for larger amounts of tax debt, approval for a payment plan is at the discretion of the IRS, and seeking legal advice may be beneficial. Read More » Should I file for an S-Corp or an LLC? January 24, 2024 No Comments S Corp vs LLC: Which is Right for Your Business? An S-Corp and an LLC both offer limited liability protection, meaning the owners are not Read More » GO TO LAW NEWS Tax Questions?Click here to watch our FAQ Videos ReviewsHear What Our Clients Have to Say See Our AVVO ReviewsAward Winning Legal Services CALL 404-937-1414 FOR A FREE PHONE CONSULTATION 100 Galleria Pkwy SE #480Atlanta, GA 303395 STAR ‘MOST REVIEWED’ ATLANTA TAX ATTORNEYWith over 30 years of proven tax relief experience to serve you. Find Us Online Privacy Policy | Website Contact | Copyright 2021 All Rights Reserved Scroll to top