Samira Olfat Home Services Portfolio About Testimonials Courses Shop My Account Cart Checkout Terms & Conditions Services. FASHION. Samira Olfat Famous for her creative flair, Samira is often selected as the make-up artist for beauty and fashion shoots for a number of the region’s most prestigious fashion, lifestyle and society magazines. BRIDAL. Samira olfat is one of the most loved makeup artist by celebs and Royal families. From Hollywood to Bollywood to Arab celebs, she has worked with many stars. REGULAR. Samira olfat is extremely selective on bridal makeup, she is only working on one bride per day, she is giving her full attention to the bride of the day as she believes this is one of the most important day in the women's life... Portfolio.A collection of works we've done with passion. View more About.Makeup Artist / Samira Olfat An architect who become a makeup artist! Studied architecture at the university of Karaj/Iran Earned her Certificate of Make-up Artistry from the Paris Gallery Beauty School 2004, Dubai. Max Factor Regional Make-Up Artist and brand ambassador, products developer 2007_2018 Beauty world Ambassador 2017,2018,2019 and 2020 Samira has created looks for the regional campaign , heading fashion shows and also involving on the products development. Samira has launched a makeup academy in 2013 and since then she has trained over 1000 professional makeup artists. Samira has always had an enduring love for make-up and fashion and She was the head make-up artist for Arab fashion week– one of the Middle East’s most exclusive fashion events. At the annual event, Samira leads a backstage team of make-up artists from her students and graduates of her academy - creating unique looks for the runway to match the haute couture collections of some of the region’s most renowned designers. MAKEUP COURSESBook now Testimonials. ,, Working with Samira is such a delight !! She is extremely professional punctual and passionate about her work !! And supremely talented !! Neha Riaz ,, I loved her and her work that much she was the first person I thought of when organising makeup for my upcoming wedding Malika Khan ,, Samira is not a makeup artist, she is a magician .. ever so subtly, she enhances one’s best features while gently making one’s flaws disappear. Olivia Shawn Contact. LEGEND Makeup TechniqueMakeup Curriculum OPENING HOURSMon - Fri: 8:30am - 10:00pm • ​​Saturday: 9:00am - 10:00pm • Sunday: 11:00am - 11:00pmUAE, Dubai, Sheikh Zayed Road, Al Joud Center , Studio M14 00971506059288 © 2020 | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED ITGOALS TOP