International Economic Justice League Skip to content Home How It Works Members/Pledges Become a pledge Library IEJL Live! Pledge Discounts Program Chapters Find Your Dream Jobs Merchants/Employers Merchant Program Job Connect Volunteer Founders’ Circle Donate Music Challenge Login Navigation Menu Navigation Menu Home How It Works Members/Pledges Become a pledge Library IEJL Live! Pledge Discounts Program Chapters Find Your Dream Jobs Merchants/Employers Merchant Program Job Connect Volunteer Founders’ Circle Donate Music Challenge Login Stop corruption at its root Build a culture of ethical commerce Sign Up Learn More Who we are Play Video Join a lifelong community of ethical leaders CorruptionIn many companies and governments, corruption has become a culture. The consequences ripple out and have devastating effects on our communities, our environment, and our future. 01 Learn to earn Practice ethical awareness, earn points, and save on ethical brands. Learn More 02 Build lifelong friendships Join a global community that’s building a culture of ethical commerce. Learn More 03 Access career opportunities Find jobs at companies that have taken a pledge against corruption. Learn More 04 Enjoy engaging content Learn through film, music, and stories curated by the community. Learn More Member stories I have a great time with other volunteers in IEJL and gained precious experience. It is my honor to be a member of IEJL. Stanley W. Volunteering with IEJL has put me in contact with amazing and passionate people to work tirelessly to end corruption. With IEJL, I collaborated and helped put into place a framework to help end corruption. Jerry Z. IEJL sets up an excellent example and will impact future generations to remove corruption and to improve business ethics. I like how IEJL will positively influence my career because I plan to own a business in the future. By implementing IEJL's ideology, I can learn how to be an efficient business owner and thrive! Nghi Q. Volunteering with IEJL is a wonderful opportunity to pursue a change in something that expands beyond our community. I did not realize how the work I do can be of an effect towards a global cause. I am excited to strive for a corrupt-free society alongside passionate individuals and future leaders Rachel L. I joined IEJL because I wanted to be a part of a movement that would help change the world for the better. This organization reaches out to the youth of today to positively influence the leaders of tomorrow. To contribute, I, along with other UC Irvine IEJL volunteers, helped start the IEJL chapter at UC Irvine. In doing so, IEJL will make its mark on spreading ethical awareness and combat corruption starting with the future leaders at UC Irvine. Hilary N. My name is Jialai Zhou, and I am second-year Film and Media Studies major. I volunteer at the IEJL as a content creator, and I can try to help with documenting and uploading information for the UCI chapter. It's a great experience to prepare myself for future opportunities. Jialai Z. Working with IEJL has allowed me the opportunity to work with other like-minded students and professionals in an environment where I am able to contribute ideas, be challenged, and learn! I enjoy receiving the feedback and open-minded perspectives offered by my peers, and I take pride in this great opportunity to contribute to IEJL’s positive mission to demolish corruption for our current and future generations worldwide. Contributing to a globally recognized goal that has the ability to positively enhance ethics and morals within powerful structures worldwide is very motivating and naturally rewarding. Lindsay M. I've learned so much from my time volunteering at IEJL! It's such a great community of people and I've had so much fun. Jennifer T. I have had so much fun volunteering at IEJL. I am able to work alongside a great staff, while gaining valuable experience. Everyone should join us in our fight to abate corruption! Kyra H. I have a great time with other volunteers in IEJL and gained precious experience. It is my honor to be a member of IEJL. Stanley W. Volunteering with IEJL has put me in contact with amazing and passionate people to work tirelessly to end corruption. With IEJL, I collaborated and helped put into place a framework to help end corruption. Jerry Z. IEJL sets up an excellent example and will impact future generations to remove corruption and to improve business ethics. I like how IEJL will positively influence my career because I plan to own a business in the future. By implementing IEJL's ideology, I can learn how to be an efficient business owner and thrive! Nghi Q. Volunteering with IEJL is a wonderful opportunity to pursue a change in something that expands beyond our community. I did not realize how the work I do can be of an effect towards a global cause. I am excited to strive for a corrupt-free society alongside passionate individuals and future leaders Rachel L. I joined IEJL because I wanted to be a part of a movement that would help change the world for the better. This organization reaches out to the youth of today to positively influence the leaders of tomorrow. To contribute, I, along with other UC Irvine IEJL volunteers, helped start the IEJL chapter at UC Irvine. In doing so, IEJL will make its mark on spreading ethical awareness and combat corruption starting with the future leaders at UC Irvine. Hilary N. My name is Jialai Zhou, and I am second-year Film and Media Studies major. I volunteer at the IEJL as a content creator, and I can try to help with documenting and uploading information for the UCI chapter. It's a great experience to prepare myself for future opportunities. Jialai Z. Working with IEJL has allowed me the opportunity to work with other like-minded students and professionals in an environment where I am able to contribute ideas, be challenged, and learn! I enjoy receiving the feedback and open-minded perspectives offered by my peers, and I take pride in this great opportunity to contribute to IEJL’s positive mission to demolish corruption for our current and future generations worldwide. Contributing to a globally recognized goal that has the ability to positively enhance ethics and morals within powerful structures worldwide is very motivating and naturally rewarding. Lindsay M. I've learned so much from my time volunteering at IEJL! It's such a great community of people and I've had so much fun. Jennifer T. I have had so much fun volunteering at IEJL. I am able to work alongside a great staff, while gaining valuable experience. Everyone should join us in our fight to abate corruption! Kyra H. Previous Next Thank you to our supporting partners Become a sponsor Platinum James Valle and Company, CPAs I have a great time with other volunteers in IEJL and gained precious experience. It is my honor to be a member of IEJL. Stanley W. The International Economic Justice League, Inc. (IEJL) is a California nonprofit 501 (c)(3) corporation, founded in 2016, with the mission to abate corruption. Our goal is to focus on the leaders of tomorrow by forming a group of ethically-minded individuals who want to join in the fight against corruption.IRS Tax ID: 81-3243919 COMPANY About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy QUICK LINKS FAQHow It WorksContact Us CONTACT US 4667 MacArthur Blvd.Suite 400Newport BeachCA 92660 +1 949 887 0455 Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Tiktok