Home | Main | Heritage World (+91) 9262252401 info@theheritageworld.in Home Company About Us Vision & Mission Our Services Construction Interiors Projects Completed Projects Ongoing Projects Upcoming Projects Gallery Testimonials Contact Us REQUEST A QUOTE +91 9262252401 We're on call 24/7 Mon - Sat 11:00 A:M - 07:00 P:M Operating Hours info@theheritageworld.in Write To Us Get a free quote now or ask us a question, it's free, simple and fast. We will be happy to answer you. GET A QOUTE Why us Heritage World is a team of truly talented architectural and construction specialists. With this exceptional team we are the best team of Architects and Interior designer, Our company in India to has employs only a professionals in their field of work. Heritage World has a specialization in their respective field, viz., Residential Apartment, Commercial Complex, Institutional Building, Sopping Mall, Hospital, Multiplex, Industrial Building, Islamic Culture Buildings, Hotel, Township Planning, Interior Design, Estimation & DPR of Govt. Projects. And All turnkey work we have depth knowledge of interior desiging thats why we are the best in Bihar Construction We offer our clients highest level of services in building design, also referred to as Core & Shell designing (C&S). We take pride in understanding , in detail, the requirement of our clients and providing them with solutions which are best suited for them in terms of space usage, budget and aesthetics. Enter now Interior design Are you Bought new Space and looking for Interior Decorationn Services Our range of Services includes Interior Designing Services such as Villa Interior Designing, Luxury Flats Interior Designing, Commercial Space Interior Designing We are amongst the prominent organizations, affianced in providing Interior Designing Services. Enter now Affordble Price Creative Approach Quality Assurance Experienced Team Latest Equipments Supportive Staffs TRUST US A balanced fusion of consistent pursuit for quality and on-time delivery, sensitivity towards customer needs has enabled Heritage World to attain and sustain a respectable position in the construction industry. Proven track record of customer delight through completing projects within the stipulated time, adhering to all quality requirements is an insignia of Heritage World services. Heritage World WHAT OUR CLIENTS THINK Just a short note to thank you for your time and effort in producing an excellent show home. We would like to thank you for your superb creative ideas and speed in doing this, We would definitely recommend Heritage World to anyone who is looking to redesign their home Mrs Anamika Singh I would just like to say thank you so much for all your efforts in completing our home.. It was breathtaking when we walked in, we did not expect it to be so beautiful! We thought we had set an impossible task given the time frame we needed to keep to! Thank you Rohit Kumar We received exceptional service from Heritage World , who really did make the whole process completely stress free Quality have always met our expectations and everything is communicated in a professional and most importantly in timely manner. Keep up the good work. Avinash Sharma How We Work We, the Heritage World offer the matchless transparency in interior design, exterior decoration and in wall area measurements with painting cost. We are the professional assistance on all types of wood, metal and wall paintings. We help you as color consultancy and choose the perfect color combinations for bedroom, kitchen, living room and exterior & interior wall. We provide interior & exterior décor, wall painting, texture painting. What We Do Heritage World helps to remove the pain of paintings, designing and decoration of your home. You can forget all the running around compromises and negotiations. We are providing the best services for arranging your space and home. We have made every types of decoration easy. We dedicatedly work for our customers to decorate the new home in a stylish way and also keep in mind for heartiest touch and long lasting relationship with them. Why Choose Us When you think to decorate your home, the interior designer plays a wide role in such case. You can invite your friend for party and welcome anybody without hesitation. We the Heritage World have different types of facilities which you can’t ignore and we give you the best solution for interior decoration. Our interior designer in Patna is giving the top class stylish decoration for your stylish home. Get A Free Quote Name Email Phone Messagge QUALIFIED WORKERS SATISFIED CLIENTS PROJECT COMPLETED EXPERIENCE HERITAGE WORLD Heritage World has been instrumental in making our country infrastructure more efficient through building & integrating terrains and cityscapes. CONTACTS OM Bhawan, AN College Road, Opp. Metro Showroom, Patna - 01 info@theheritageworld.in (+91) 9262252401 INFOMATIONS Home Company Construction Interior Design Completed Projects Ongoing Projects Testimonials Gallery Contact ALL RIGHT RESERVED | Heritage World DEVELOPED BY : BizFly Technologies