DieLösung Home Services About us Contact us German Translation Services & Migration Consultancy Know more details Translation Services Know more details Migration Counselling Know more details Career Counselling Know more details Our Services Translation Services We undertake the services with utmost care while ensuring the secrecy of the documents to our client’s satisfaction. We provide high-quality and authenticated translation of documents from English into German language and vice versa at a very affordable price as compared to the industry price. Migration Counselling Germany is the ideal country for job-seekers who wish to fulfill their career goals and integrate themselves into the world’s most advanced healthcare systems. Doctors and other medical professionals are in high demand in Germany to make up for skill shortages in various specialist areas. Career Counselling Candidates looking for career advancement after graduation or a way into the German employment market are tremendously increasing. We realize the difficulties a new candidate might have on how to move forward with their ambitions when every federal state has its own regulations for doctors. View more deatils About us DieLösung -German Translation Services & Migration Consultancy is a fast-growing translation Agency based in Kerala, India and its associates are based in Germany. We are a Team of professionally qualified personnel who have more than 10 years of working experience in the Health and Medical Sectors. Our proven work experience has gained us a lot of admiration and trust from our clients. You can rely on us to meet your specific requirements on time and at the most reasonable time and price. Our specialists in Germany will handle your requirements with perfection and proficiency. Our native team of professionals is approved by the Federal Government of Germany as sworn translators, who will translate your content and validate it by formally signing and stamping the documents. Our translations are acceptable for official use in Germany. Read More Quick links Home Services About us Contact us Address Regd.Office: 14/291 H, Suite 51G, 1st Floor A Square Building Edappally-Pukkattupadi Road Edathala PO. Ernakulam-683561, Kerala, India +91-8848487017 +91-8848487017 info@DieLosung.com Follow us Copyright © 2024 dieLosung.com. All rights reserved