Callsprings | Software Development Services Company Phone: +92-21-34327741-3 Email: info@callsprings.com Services Mobile Applications iPhone App Development Android App Development Web & CMS Development Enterprise Software Development Game Development Corporate Branding Portfolio Our Products Online Sales & Distribution CRM Software HRM Enterprise System Sales Field Force CRM Software Online Market Place Application Healthcare Management Services Application Contact US State of the art facilities and technologies Delivering the Next Generation Software Solutions and BPO Services Move Rich Content Live 100+ Times Faster OUR SERVICES Callsprings Inc have technology capability and our software solutions are process driven and quality controlled.We also have a steady stream of clientele in various business verticals. APPS DEVELOPMENT Transforming your Mobile Application Ideas into a Multi Million Industry iPhone Apps Android Apps Windows Apps Phonegap Apps WEB & CMS DEVELOPMENT Giving your unique business model an exceptional existence in the Industry B2B & B2C Portal Development Custom Programming PHP & .Net Web Development Web Applications ENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT Giving your unique business model an exceptional existence in the Industry B2B & B2C Portal Development Custom Programming PHP & .Net Web Development Web Applications GAME DEVELOPMENT Revolutionizing the Game Industry with highly addictive gaming strategies. iPhone Games iPad Games Android Games Facebook Games Saving Yellow Our staple game development team at Callsprings adopts your idea or concept and turns them in real-time and responsive game apps. View Portfolio Booking Door App Callsprings consists of a dedicated staff that works day-and-night to preserve the high quality standards of iOS apps development. View Portfolio Car Hire APP Trying to find the Best Car Hire Deal? There is no need to look further - you can always find a special offer and save big in CARNGO APP. View Portfolio KX Player Music App KX Player is a professional video and music playback tool. It supports ALL video and audio formats, 4K/ultra HD video files, and plays them with high-definition. View Portfolio Web Developent Callsprings provides comprehensive website design and development services for all business verticals. View Portfolio About Us At,Callsprings we're helping companies across various industries optimize their business processes through custom software solutions. With a well-coordinated team of IT professionals, at Callsprings we serve our customers worldwide regardless of their operation domain, geographical location and organizational specifics. Callsprings addresses the IT needs of companies of all sizes, ranging from startups to large enterprises. Our successful projects are the result of the profound expertise in full-cycle custom software development, business commitment and trusted communication with our customers and partners. We have shaped our tech knowledge through continuous hands-on experience in planning, managing and carrying out complex enterprise application development, integration and support projects. Keeping in step with the technology advance, we put our effort into bringing such bestseller technologies, as Mobility Solutions, Progressive Web Apps, Artificial Intelligence, 2D/3D Games, Augmented and Virtual Reality Apps, to our customers. Along with end-to-end solutions we can also offer collaboration services in coordination with client's team /personnel to jointly analyze, design, develop, implement, test and integrate solutions across multiple platforms. . Our Products Online Sales & Distribution Appicoder's Online Sales and Distribution Application (OSDA) is a comprehensive retail software that drive the entire distribution businesses and bridge between a Company and Retailers that uphold products. read more MobiBank This is the age of the connected consumer. Mobility is at the center of a technology-driven revolution which is inspiring these connected lifestyles. As the banking services industry competes with the challenges. of non-traditional competition. read more Human Resource System Is a robust Enterprise Business Application with sub-moduler based mechanisum that provides highly secured business transactions. User access rights can be flexibly defined to control activities by authority levels. read more Instant Reporting EDGE Instead Reporting "Edge" solution you can quickly create virtually any type of report on your smart mobile device, fill it out, and send it to everyone you need. Record information, get signatures, capture and send photos, videos, and even diagrams. read more Home Delivery Convenience HDC is an app where people can order all grocery items from anywhere at any time according to your convenience, though the mobile application. The user can let the delivery man know when to deliver the grocery. read more Hospital Services App is designed to manage all aspects of a hospital operation. This customizable healthcare solution includes OPD and IPD Management, Pharmacy, Laboratory, Radiology, Ward Management, Mobile Application. read more CLIENTS Say's We've been working in joint collaboration with Callsprings' team for over two years. During this period, Callsprings handled several custom software development projects: They developed our enterprise employee portal from scratch, helped us revamp our legacy system and transform it into high tech mobility solution, as well as delivered custom functionality for one of our customer-oriented websites. Currently, Callsprings is maintaining our corporate portal by ensuring its stable performance and keeping it in line with end-users' needs. Juna Doe Project Manager, WardrBE We're a digital media company that works on different app projects along with different app development companies to develop innovative applications for users. We had hired Callsprings to develop an app to enhance the interaction between users and their phone cameras. Callsprings' team was involved in the development and design of and iOS & android applications. The project was completed within the scheduled time line and currently we're planning to initiate the second version with Callsprings. As a client we're satisfied with the services of Callsprings and praised them for their professionalism and technical expertise. We really liked the transparency level and communication mechanism that the firm maintained and recommends them highly to others businesses. Jason Hales Business Owner Callsprings collaborated with me to develop an Ecommerce platform for my startup in consumer space and are working on the mobile apps. They have been professional and thorough with their approach and I'm happy with the way they have approached my product's design and development.. I greatly enjoyed working with these guys. They recommended me what would work best for my website/App and tweaked their solutions according to my requirements. I never felt like I had to go along with every suggestion that was made. Ariol Perry OUR CLIENTS Quick Links iPhone App Development Android App Development Web Development Enterprise App Development Game Development Portfolio Our Products Online Sales & Distribution CRM Software Human Resource System Sale Field Force Home Delivery Convenience Hospital Services App Get in Touch +92-21-34327741-3 info@callsprings.com 3rd Floor, Progressive Square, Block 6 PECHS, Shahrah e Faisal, Karachi - Pakistan 75530. © 2023. All Rights Reserved | Callsprings