Jewelry - Joaillerie - Watchmaking - Breitling - Dinh Van - Tournai - Mons - Belgium - Bell & Ross - Baume & Mercier - Hermès - Longines - Hamilton - Seven Friday - Messika - Dodo de Pomellato - Bry & Co - Morganne Bello - Hanna Wallmark- Ba - Delrue 1904 - Home Watches A choice ... Bell & Rossbaume & Mercierhermèslongineshamilton Côté Dinh Vanmessikado de Pomellatomorganne Bellohanna Wallmarkalliances l'Atelier Contact Bienvenue on the Delrue 1904 site. Jeweler, watchmaking, Joaillier Welcome to the Delrue site1904. JEUTEIR, CHELEURGER, Joaillier Welcome to the Delrue site 1904. JEUTEIR, WORLOGER, Joaillier Bienvenue on the DELRUE 1904 site. JEUTEIR, WORLOGER, Welcome Joaillier on the DELRUE 1904 site. JEUELEDER, WORLOGER, Joaillier DELRUE 1904 A UniverseOr beauty, elegance and refinement combine endlessly.Four generations of jewelry profession practice - watchmaking - jewelry.Four generations to transmit passion, experience, know-how.On the watch side, over the collections, we invite you to share our passion and you invite you to experience a dream: to offer yourself the mastery of time.Find not a watch but its watch.On the jewelry side, choices and brands, where quality, originality and seduction create exceptional jewelry, engine of the most sweet dreams of jewelry and jewelry. Bags, bracelets, necklaces, earrings, pendants, alliances,engagement rings, ... in yellow gold, white gold, silver, steel, bico, platinum, silver metal, welcome to our universe.Our Bell & Ross brands The Bell & Ross watches were born from the passion and the obsession we have to offer to professionals precision and reliability to the extent of time.Subtile and intimate hermes mixture between art of saddler and art of watchmaker, Hermès signed in the years 20 his first watch bracelets, ... Mercier balm simply pure / The approach of the brand of Haute Horlogerie remains the same: capitalizeon its values and more particularly on proximity.Longines the oldest brand deposited in the world / more than 175 years of tradition, elegance and sportiness.Hamilton combining traditional Swiss know-how and technological innovations, watches in the American manufacture are a guarantee of excellence.Our Dinh van Le Monde jewelry has changed, but Dinh Van jewelry is part of perfect modernity.Dodo de Pamellato far from the strict traditions of luxury jewelry, Dodo by Pomellato jewelry gives pride of place to the fauna of our planet.Hanna Wallmark each jewel, handcrafted in the purest craft tradition is a promise of happiness.The exclusive signature of Hanna: a weaving well to her that sets her apart and makes these jewelry a brand "must have" enthusiasts of the beautiful fashion accessory.Messika The diamond is at the center of each of Messika's creations.The designer's jewelry has a feminine, modern and bewitching aura.Morgane Bello A fancy and childish universe that will seduce women with a light and mutiny spirit.Delrue 1904 since 2004, our shop has been implanting in the heart of the city of Tournai, rue du Cygne. For four generations, we practice our job with passion and seriousness. Gaetan, Gaelle and Bénédicte benefit from their experience and their know-how-Do to help you make the best choice.Our AlliancesBaume & Mercierbell & Rossdinh Vandodo de Pomallatohamiltonna Wallmarkhermèslonginesmessikamorganne Bello contact marks, 3 7500 Tournaitel: +32 (0) 69/22.34.55gsm: +32 (0) 475/92.00.18 DELRUE 1904 SPRL - TVA BE 0862.306 - BE company BE 0862.300.306 - RPM Tournai - © R? Alis?by 2its Facebook Google + Top