Discover the best Southern Italy has to offer Home A cultural journey into Southern Italy...from within. More then a journey in the physical sense, it is an instinctive search of a unopened chest that conceal the genuine soul of the many civilizations that shaped this relatively unknown part of Italy. A soul trapped in the remains of ancient cultures, old tales, in traditions and way of life, on the faces and gesture of people, reflected in landscapes and villages, archeological remains and museums. A cultural tour aimed primarily at that more curious and demanding tourist willing to open his mind to our rich and suggestive cultural heritage. Italy's fascinating artistic and historical heritage. Venice's Grand Canal Discover some of Italy's most charming towns. The world's most romantic sea coast. Stilo is center of history and culture and one of Calabria's most evocative places. The hamlet is dominated by the ruins of what was once a great and mighty Norman castle, and the famous 9 century "Cattolica" church, a jewel of Byzantine art.. Cusano Mutri - Located 30 minuts drive from Caserta and 60 minutes from Naples - Unmistakable for its medieval appearance, the hamlet was built around the Colonna castle, with white limestone houses overlooking the valley below, narrow streets and winding staircases... Altomonte is a charming medieval town nestled in the heart of the province of Cosenza (Calabria), with a unique view of the Ionian Sea, the Sila and the mountains of Pollino. The mountain town is also known as the "Wedding Town... For centuries, perhaps millennia, defying time and weather, two titanic monoliths have been waiting for their rightful place and visibility in the archeological world. The "sculptures" stands on a singular rock formation consisting of two large blocks, each about ten,fifteen feet apart... Reggio di Calabria was, according to scholars, the first Calabrese colony founded by the Ionian tribe from the Sicilian coast. Already in the Iron age there were two necropolises instead of isolated caves, the most outstanding being that of Mordillo Tower near Cosenza and Galli Tower near Vibo. An enchanting medieval town known to the Abruzzesi for its lake, its narrow alleys, medieval buildings and the traditional costumes of its women. Scanno offers a unique and characteristic atmosphere with its secular architecture immortalized by distinguished photographers such as Cartier-Bresson, Giacomelli, and Scianna. Acerenza is a medieval village officially listed as one of Italy's most beautiful hamlet. It is located in the north of Basilicata, in the province of Potenza, on a wonderful panoramic position between the town of Irsina and Avigliano. Alessandria del Carretto where the elders, in small circles, talk about the past and where the young meet to plain the day. You never feel alone in the piazza. Just a handshake, a look to share a deep and respectful greeting and you become part of the circle. Matera in the Basilicata region, is one of the oldest cities in the world whose territory contains evidence of human settlement from the Paleolithic age, it is a city with a fascinating and complex history: a city of contrasts, of competition and merger of landscapes, civilizations, and cultures. Maratea in the region of Basilicata is also known as the “City of 44 Churches”, a name that immediately reveals the wealth of its architectonic patrimony. Another main characteristics of Maratea is the variety of its landscapes, varying from breath-taking sea views. Site Map Search the site La vetrina ideale per promuovere la vostra attivita' e prodotti sul mercato nord Americano ma che potrebbe essere un punto di visibilita' anche nei vari mercati internazionali >> ...off the beaten path ...? The site is intended to be not only a practical and educative point of references but above all a source of ideas which, we hope, will lead the tourists along the road to a land which is as fascinating as it is little known. ...images of medieval villages and castles that keep watching over mountains roads, just as they did in the past >>> Visiting ?Molise, you get that Eureka feeling of discovery. Untouched nature, history and good food are the trademark of this 'old newly' found region >>> According to the poet Virgil, Campania might be your land, here you might find your past...>>> is the the most mountainous region of south of Italy. A land of ancient history yet to be discovered by todays' travelers... >>> Enchanting region with marvelous beaches and castles dotting its southern coast, hinting at an era when both perils and commerce landed on these shores ...>>>? known as Itaca to the ancients. Those who love nature, its scents and mysteries, can explore its parks, where huge green belts alternate with blue lakes and waterfalls... >>> various civilizations have enriched Sicily of human settlements and vestiges of the past where history can be relived through monuments and folklore. Benvenuti in Sicilia, the outdoor museum. ...>>> This ancient land combines sea and nature with folk traditions, mysticism and curiosities, like the mysterious giant’s tombs scattered around the region... >>> Ai nostri visitatori piace il Sud Italia, vuoi dire loro qualcosa? La vetrina ideale per promuovere i vostri prodotti e servizi sul mercato Nord Americano ma che potrebbe essere un punto di visibilità anche nei vari mercati internazionali. AZIENDE - PRODUTTORI - STRUTTURE RICETTIVE - GUIDE TURISTICHE - TOUR OPERATORI Paesi di provenienza dei visitatori in ordine numerico Stati Uniti - Canada - Italia - Gran Bretagna - Australia - China - Germania - Francia - Nuova Zelanda - Olanda Coloro interessati ad inserire la loro attivita'/azienda/ nel sito sono pregati di mettersi in contatto usando il modulo sottostante . Per saperne di piu'... Il nostro obiettivo e' quello di promuovere prodotti tipici del Sud in un contesto di marketing globale, e allo stesso tempo proporre il nostro Meridione come alternativa turistica, ben consapevoli che il successo dell'uno è essenziale per il successo dell'altro.​ First Name Last Name Email Address Tel Country Comments Submit Clear Cancel For any proposals, collaboration, suggestions, modifications, etc. please feel free to contact us. Italian daily papers: Quotidiani Corriere della sera - La Republica - La Stampa - Gazzetta dello Sport - Il Sole 24 Ore - Corriere dello Sport - Il Messaggero - Il Giornale - TuttoSport - Il Resto del Carlino - Avvenire - Libero La Nazione - Il Fatto Quotidiano - Fanpage - Italia Oggi - Il Gazzettino - Il Giorno - Il Secolo XIX - Il Tirreno - Il Mattino - Giornale di Sicilia - Unione Sarda - La Nuova Sardegna - La Sicilia - Dolomiten - L'Eco di Bergamo - Il Quotidiano della Calabria - + Made in South Italy Today.com-2014-Hamilton-Ontario-Canada |||||||| CMS by AlboDigital |||||||| Copyrights issues Home Site Map Search this site Welcome to Italy The Italian language Italy most beautiful villages Italian hamlets you should know of Garden of Ninfa Italy thermal waters Events in Italy North West Italy Liguria Piemonte Valle d'Aosta Lombardia North East Italy Central Italy Artistic Italy Archaeological Italy Medieval Gothic Art in Italy Renaissance Architecture Renaissance Sculpture Renaissance Painting Baroque and Rococo Art Neoclassical and modern architecture Southern Italy Southern Italy at glance A bit of history Southern Italy architecture and archaelogy Magna Grecia Brigandage The political question Salerno to Reggio Motorway Abruzzo Abruzzo at glance L'Aquila Province City of L'Aquila L'Aquila the Slender Capital Santo Stefano di Sassanio Cocullo Scanno Sulmona The mountains of Abruzzo Abruzzo beaches & coasts Chieti Province City of Chieti Chieti Province Coast Fara Filiorum Petri Agritourism Chieti Province Pescara Province City of Pescara Pescara Province Coast Teramo Province City of Teramo Teramo Province Coast Molise Molise at glance The Transumanza Province of Campobasso City of Campobasso Acquaviva Collacroce Agnone Bojano Capracotta Castel San Vincenzo Isernia Jelsi Oratino San Giuliano del Sannio San Martino Pensilis Scapoli Sepino Termoli Venafro Campania Campania at glance Province of Napoli Naples The Vesuvio The Phlegrean Fields Main Islands Procida Ischia Sorrento Coast Basilica Santuario Carmine Maggiore Basilica St. Chiara Basilica St Francesco di Paola Basilica St Paolo Maggiore Basilica Santa Maria della Sanita' Chiesa del Gesu' Nuovo Chiesa St Domenico Maggiore San Gennaro Cathedral San Gregorio Armeno St Angelo al Nilo St Giovanni a Carbonara St Lorenzo Maggiore Archaeological Site St Maria Anime al Purgatorio St Maria Donnaregina Vecchia St Maria Donnaregina Nuova St Pietro a Majella Museum Cappella Sansevero The Galleria & Royal Place Naples Underground The Catacombs Province of Caserta Caserta Royal Palace Province of Salerno The Amalfi Coast Positano Albori Atrani Furore Vietri sul mare Agropoli Roscigno Vecchia Capo Palinuro Castellabate Cava de Tirreni Ravello Province of Avellino Nusco Province of Benevento Cusano Mutri Basilicata Basilicata at glance City of Matera Basilian Monks of Southern Italy Maratea Castelmezzano Pietrapertosa Acerenza Puglia Apulia at glance Galatina The Desolata of Canosa Calabria About Calabria History & People of Calabria Codex Purpureus The Bronzes of Riace The costumes Suggested Itineraries Sila Grande & Sila Greca Crotone Marchesato Sicilia Sardegna Pizzi e Perle Amalfi Coast at glance South Italy by car