Faculty of ARTS Home About Mission Programme Research/Achievements Staff Contact Kwara State University Faculty of ARTS Get Started Kwara State University Faculty of Humanities, Management and Social Science Get Started Kwara State University Faculty of Humanities, Management and Social Science Get Started DEAN’S WELCOME ADDRESS DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS I am thrilled to welcome you to the Faculty of Arts, Kwara State University, Malete. Our faculty provides a well-rounded education that prepares our students for success in their chosen fields. We offer programmes on various aspects of the arts, including literature, history, religions, performing arts, film production, fine and applied arts, and languages. Our faculty members are experts in their respective fields and committed to providing high-quality instruction to our students and helping them to develop excellent communication skills, creative and critical thinking skills, and a deep understanding of indigenous cultures and the world around them. The programme-based level advisers at your respective departments are there to guide students in course registration requirements. Student advisers are there to monitor students’ association activities. Course lecturers whose expertise and fresh perspectives are invaluable to our community, and available all the time in virtual and physical classrooms for teaching and learning. Staff at the Dean’s Office are approachable and responsive to any inquiries. We are all here to serve you. I encourage you to take advantage of the many opportunities available in our faculty. We are fully aware that, as students, your prime time in life mostly happens during the period of your degree programme spent with us. It is during this time that you can make or unmake yourself. That is why we are committed to guiding you and letting you realise your full potential. Once again, I welcome you to the Faculty of Arts. I look forward to welcoming you to our faculty. Professor Abdul Kabir Hussain Solihu Dean, Faculty of Arts. BRIEF HISTORY OF THE FACULTY The Faculty of Arts, formally known as the College of Humanities, Management and Social Sciences, is one of the six pioneer colleges at the inception of the University in 2009. It was under late Professor Francis Abiola Irele who served as the pioneer Provost from 2009 to 2014, and later by Professor Sakah Mahmud as the second Provost between 2014 and 2019. The current Dean of the faculty is Professor Abdul Kabir Hussain Solihu from 2019 till date and Dr. Aliyu Okuta Ahmad as Sub-Dean from 2020 till date. Following the University’s decision to change from a collegiate management system to a faculty management system in 2020, the college was renamed the Faculty of Humanities, Management and Social Sciences. Over the last 14 years, it has continued to grow and thrive to become the largest faculty in the University in terms of student enrollment and number of academic staff, with 21 accredited undergraduate programmes. In June 2023, the faculty was split into the Faculty of Arts and Faculty of Management and Social Sciences. Several staff in the faculty are currently holding critical administrative positions in the university. These include the Dean of the School of Postgraduate Studies, Dean of Student Affairs, Director of the Centre for Archives and Documentation, Director of University Relations, Director of Affiliation and Linkages, Director of the Centre for Advance and Basic Studies, and most importantly the Acting Vice Chancellor of the university. The Faculty of Arts offers programmes guided by the philosophy of creating and developing responsible global citizens who play their role in community development and nation-building. Inspired by the University’s aspiration to become a world-class University, the Faculty produces graduates who could compete favourably with graduates of other universities anywhere in the world. In addition to teaching core courses in the disciplines and programmes offered, the faculty offers some General Studies courses (GNS), such as Use of English and Foreign Language Option (Arabic and French) meant to broaden students’ knowledge and perspectives of the global community through liberal education. Currently, the faculty has 12 full professors, 6 associate professors and 12 senior lecturers on permanent or contract appointment. Others are on lecturer I cadre and below in various departments. Several other professors and senior lecturers serve in the faculty through sabbatical, visiting or adjunct appointments. Our faculty members are experts in their respective fields and provide high-quality instruction to our students. They are engaged in professional training, quality research and scholarly publication in national and international outlets. Our academic and non-academic activities are designed to contribute to our student’s personal and professional growth. Our graduates are highly valuable and work in several private and public sectors. MISSION STATEMENT OUR VISION OUR VISION: To become an international citadel in humanities research and lifelong learning that empowers students to actualize their dreams and imbibe good moral values. OUR MISSION OUR MISSION: To be an exemplary faculty in expanding the frontiers of knowledge through a wide range of well-designed programmes that are aimed at developing high-level human resources for community development. AVAILABLE PROGRAMMES FACULTY OF ART DEPARTMENT OF ARABIC AND FRENCH Department of Arabic and French has Two(2) Undergraduate Programmes: B.A. Arabic Studies and B.A. French M.A. Arabic and French Masters of philosophy (M.Phil) Arabic and French Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Arabic and French FACULTY OF ART DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH AND LINGUISTICS Department of English and Linguistics has Three (3) Undergraduate Programmes: • Bachelor of Art (B.A.) English, • Bachelor of Art (B.A.) Linguistics, • Bachelor of Art (B.A.) Yoruba Department of English and Linguistics has seven postgraduate programmes: • M.A., M.Phil., Ph.D. English Language, • M.A., M.Phil., Ph.D. Literature in English, • M.A. Linguistics. FACULTY OF ART DEPARTMENT OF FINE AND APPLIED ARTS Undergraduate Programme: Bachelor of Art (B.A.) Fine and Applied Arts. FACULTY OF ART DEPARTMENT OF PERFORMING ARTS AND FILM STUDIES Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies has two(2) Undergraduate Programmes: Bachelor of Art (B.A.) Performing Arts. Bachelor of Art (B.A.) Film Production. FACULTY OF ART DEPARTMENT OF RELIGIONS, HISTORY AND HERITAGE STUDIES Department of Religions, History and Heritage Studies has Three(3) Undergraduate Programmes: Bachelor of Art (B.A.) Islamic Studies Bachelor of Art (B.A.) Christian Studies Bachelor of Art (B.A.) History Department of Religions, History and Heritage Studies has six(6) Postgraduate Programmes: M.A.; M.Phil.; Ph.D. Islamic Studies M.A., M.Phil., and PhD Christian Studies RESEARCH/ACHIEVEMENTS RESEARCH The academic staff of the faculty are fully engaged in impactful research and publications to enhance the quality of living and promote indigenous knowledge and linguistic and cultural diversity ACHIEVEMENTS The faculty has in the past years thrived and is still working hard towards attaining excellence in the areas of research, teaching, and developing skills and academic aptitude in our students. These efforts have resulted in the following: The following are the Achievements, Milestones and Plans; Hosting the KWASU Humanities Lecture series in which prominent and renowned scholars shared their experiences with academics in the faculty. The series included. The first KWASU Humanities Lecture, delivered by Professor Kofi Anyidoho of the University of Ghana. The second KWASU Humanities Lecture, delivered by Professor Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak of Colombia University; and The third KWASU Humanities Lecture, delivered by Professor Toyin Falola of the University of Texas at Austin. Hosting of four seminar series of Professor Abiola Irele School of Theory and Criticism. Publication of a peer-reviewed academic journal; KWASU Journal of Humanities was first published in 2018 and the second in 2022. The journal has Professor Moshood Mahmud Jimba as Editor-in-chief, and it cuts across various disciplines of Arts, such as English, Arabic, French, Yoruba, Literature, Linguistics, History, Performing Arts, Religions, and Archaeology. Recording three first-class grandaunts in the last three academic sessions (between 2020/2021 and 2022/2023). Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland Scholarship Award to Samad Abidemi Abdulhamid, a 400-level student of B.A. Yoruba in May 2023. OUR STAFF Prof. Abdulkabir Hussain Solihu Dean Email:abdulkabir.solihu@kwasu.edu.ng TEL:+234-803-611-7643 Dr. Aliyu Okuta Ahmad Sub-Dean Email:aliyu.ahmad@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. Abdulrasaq Shola Dauda Faculty Officer/Principal Assistant Registrar Email:abdulrasaq.dauda@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+234-803-930-8602 Mr. Sulyman Abdullahi Olodan Officer I Email:sulyman.abdullah@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-703-676-3589 Mrs. Ameenat Kikelomo Abdrahman Secretary to the Dean/Personal Secretary II Email:ameenat.abdrahman@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-806-317-5181 Mr. Nathaniel Adeshina Blessing Assistant Executive Officer Email:adeshinablessing7@gmail.com Tel:+234-806-676-9843 Contact us Send Message Office Address: Dean’s Office, Faculty of Arts, P.M.B 1530, Kwara State University, Malete. Email:abdulrasaq.dauda@kwasu.edu.ng . Dean Prof. Abdul Kabir Hussain Solihu Tel: +234-803-611-7643 Email:abdulkabir.solihu@kwasu.edu.ng Sub-Dean Dr. Aliyu Okuta Ahmad Email:aliyu.ahmad@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Romawibet Rajavigor Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/