Student Information System | SIS | MarkersPro SIS District Student/Staff Code Student and Staff Name Display Graduation Plan District Programs Set Default Values School Label Cohort Calendar Rollover Student Student Custom Fields Health Screening Medical Emergency Health Visit Re-enroll Student Staff Staff Custom Fields My Calendar Staff Job Category Staff Jobs My Leaves Course Subject / Course / Course Section Course Part Section Occurrence Assign Teacher Scheduling Individual Schedule Mass Schedule Report Grade Listing Student Scheduler Mass Drop Attendance Student and Staff Section Attendance Student Exam and Event Attendance Student Missing Attendance Student and Staff Daily Attendance Mass Student Attendance Assessment Gradebook GPA Rank Transcript Online Quiz Assignments Transport Transport Request Approval Student Route Details Staff Route Details Pickup Drop Request Approval Vehicle Log Billing Billing Head Student Payables Installment Feature Fee Structure Student Payment Communication Email Internal Messaging Notification Alerts Discipline Report Incident Incident Approval Manage Incident Student Discipline LMS SIS Integrated LMS Assignments Upload Study Material Assessment Rubric Discussion Forums Peer Interaction Online Integration Admissions Reporting State Reporting Ad hoc Reporting Blogs Partnership Request a Demo Login MarkersPro, Unified Learning & Student Information System MarkersPro student information system is a single database, 100% cloud based, all in one platform, designed to manage all of your school and learning management needs from one centralized system. Watch Video Free Demo SIS Integrated MarkersPro Learning Management System (LMS) Designed with modern learners in mind, MarkersPro SIS integrated LMS is an all in one database management system that simplifies online learning programs for K-12 & higher education. Learn More Free Demo Student Admission & Lottery Management A comprehensive admission & lottery management solution for complete student admission process. Learn More Free Demo MarkersPro K-12 Student Information System Schools Districts Students Modern and intuitive SIS that your staff, students and parents will love and adopt Manage all aspects of your school operations from one central system which is easily set up and configured to adapt to your school's unique needs. Intuitive and user-friendly for all members of the school community including students, teachers, staff, administrators and parents. Our software platform is cloud-hosted and accessible from anywhere and on any device. Request a Demo Comprehensive, flexible and secure SIS that scales for your district Easily fulfill your district administration and regulatory compliance needs with our flexible and configurable system that scales for small and large school districts. The district control panel allows administrators to configure settings and policies applicable to the entire district. School district administrators can streamline daily operations by being able to see and control all aspects of their school data from class attendance, to student and staff settings, and much more. Request a Demo Achieve greater student outcomes through better tracking and insights Easily track and manage your entire student population using our holistic student data and process management features. Our student learning feature deliver assignments, assessments, and study materials are designed to be easy-to-use and frustration-free for in-class, online, and hybrid learning. Achieve better outcomes when you connect your teachers, students, and parents together so they can communicate with each other and have real-time student information at their fingertips. Request a Demo One platform. Hundreds of features. MarkersPro is a modern Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform that is designed to manage all of your school and learning management needs from one centralized system. Our software is built using modern design and architecture which allows our platform to evolve and keep up with the ever changing education and technology demands of today at a faster pace compared to legacy solutions. Our software is easy to implement, offers a wide variety of standard features, and is hassle-free to manage with our cloud hosting that is reliable, secure, and scalable. Admission & Lottery Experience A Comprehensive School Admission & Lottery Management System SIS + LMS All-in-one cloud-based learning management system that simplifies online learning programs Hybrid Classroom Highly integrated with learning management system Gradebook Track student grades for assignments to post report card grades and calculate final grades Tracking Assessment Track student test scores with their sections Report Card Builder Create custom report cards State Reporting Generate state reports easily Ad hoc Reporting Ad-hoc reporting is an easy-to-use wizard that helps administrators Attendance Track attendance by day, period and course section Scheduling Schedule students individually or in mass with the student scheduler Communications Email, internal messaging, text messages and dashboard announcements Calendars Track class schedules, holidays and events Transcripts Create transcripts quickly and efficiently Class, School and District-wide View Track student data in the class, school and district wide Student & Parent Portal Separate portals for students and parents Student Information Track student demographics with ease Request a Demo Why MarkersPro We believe innovation in education technology will empower you, the education community, to make our world better through new possibilities and improved outcomes. Built & operated in accordance with quality, security, and privacy compliance standards such as SOC2, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013, FERPA, HIPAA, COPPA, and CMMI-DEV Level 3, MarkersPro is a next-generation K-12 school management system that is built to strike a perfect balance of powerful features, customization, cost, and ease of use that will enable you to accelerate better outcomes in education. Data Isolation Advanced Search Engine Intuitive Interface Custom Reports Report Automation Highly Scalable Convenient User Management Cloud Native What Our Clients Say Jeremy Abshire Superintendent/Director UNM Mimbres School at UNM Hospitals The MarkersPro team has been very helpful and quick to respond to my problems. They have been patient and knowledgeable as I learn the many features of the program. The product serves our needs and adds some bonus areas at an affordable price for our small educational program. Single Mobile App for Parents, Staff & Students MarkersPro offers its customers a comprehensive single mobile app for parents, students & staff. The mobile app is available for both iOS and Android devices. Contact Us Full Name * School/District * Email Address * Phone Number * Country * Afganistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Job Title * Contact Reason * General Inquiry How can we help you today? * Submit Your browser does not support the video tag. A product of Wefivesoft MarkersPro SIS Admissions Gradebook School Student LMS FAQ Copyright © 2023 Wefivesoft. All rights reserved. Call Us For Demo (575) 338-3425 | ext 1002 × Forgot Password ! Don't Worry We will send you a link to your Registred email address for reset password Email Address* Reset password Link Successfully Send to your Email Address, Please Check your inbox. Submit Copyright © 2022 Wefivesoft