Home - Swaraj India Call Us: 9999269289 Open Hours : Mon-Sat 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM Menu Home About Us Organization Objectives Share Capital Chairman Managing Director Director’s Reports Board of Director Organizational Chart Vigilance Set Up Photo Gallery Awards Financial Info Commercial Operations Proactive Disclosures Business Guidelines Bye Laws Citizens Charter Redressal Of Grievances Govt. Circulars/Orders News Tenders/Notice Contact Menu Our Products Food Grains Pulses Vegetables Sugar Spices Application Export Now Business Consultant Franchise Model Menu Our Products Food Grains Pulses Vegetables Sugar Spices Application Export Now Business Consultant Franchise Model Register Now (Vendor) Menu Home About Us Organization Objectives Share Capital Chairman Managing Director Director’s Reports Board of Director Organizational Chart Vigilance Set Up Photo Gallery Awards Financial Info Commercial Operations Proactive Disclosures Business Guidelines Bye Laws Citizens Charter Redressal Of Grievances Govt. Circulars/Orders News Tenders/Notice Contact Welcome To Swaraj Federation Swaraj Federation of Multipurpose Cooperative Society Swaraj Federation of Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd was established on 16th August, 2022 was founded by co-operative societies operating in diverse and successful sectors of the Indian economy to function as the apex body of Multipurpose cooperatives in the country. It is registered under the Multi-State Co-operative Societies Act, 2002. Discover More View Tenders About Us Swaraj Federation of Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd .An Apex federation of multipurpose cooperatives of India was established on 16th August, 2022 was founded by co-operative societies operating in diverse and successful sectors of the Indian economy to function as the apex body of Multipurpose cooperatives in the country. It is registered under the Multi-State Co-operative Societies Act, 2002. Under Ministry of Cooperation Government of India Read More Explore Our Franchise & Cooperative: Explore All KISAN SWARAJ Read More SWARAJ MILK Read More FERTILIZER Read More GOAT & SHEEP Read More FISHERY SWARAJ Read More FOOD PROCESSING Read More Explore All Call Us: If you’ve any query, feel free to contact us. 011-44792143 Explore Our Departments Swaraj federation of Multipurpose Cooperatives society ltd has a different goal to achieve through different areas. Business & Industry Read More Information Technology Read More Agriculture & Food Read More Education Read More All Departement Meet Our Team Behind Swaraj Federation of Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. Dr. Jalaj SenManaging Director Ms. Ashi KhatriGM (Exports & Corporate Relationship) Swaraj Federation of Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. Proactive Disclosuers Business Guidelines Bye Laws Citizens Charter Redressal Of Grievances News News - 1 News - 2 News - 3 News - 4 Tenders/Notice Disposal of 30LMT of Wheat in OMSS Tenders Sub Contract News Career conatct now About Us Swaraj Federation was established on 16th August, 2022 was founded by co-operative societies operating in diverse and successful sectors of the Indian economy to function as the apex body of Multipurpose cooperatives in the country. Get in touch 1203, Surya Kiran Building KG Marg Connaught Place New Delhi-110001 +91-9999269289 Mon-Sat 10:00 AM - 06:00 PM swarajfed@gmail.com Important Links Financial Info Application Form Member Societies Register Now (Vendor) Views Today : ©2023 Swaraj India Federation | All Right Reserved | Developed by Saaiko Media Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Scroll to Top Message Us