LinuxONE - A Cost-Efficient Technology for Faster Innovation | Blue Power Technology Are you ready for the best of security, scale and efficient Linux platform for your IT Infrastructure? Learn More A Cost-Efficient Technology for Faster Innovation in Business According to IDC, by 2018, more than 60% of new applications will be using cloud-enabled continuous delivery and cloud-native application architectures to allow faster innovation and business agility. To leverage cloud-native architecture and thrive in today's market, businesses require a more efficient, secure, and scalable platform that is fit for their cloud infrastructure. It is the responsibility of IT professionals to find the right IT infrastructure, and they are well aware that the cost of having an IT infrastructure includes more than just the cost of purchasing hardware; they must also prepare the total cost of IT equipment, which includes installation, software licenses, service, support, training, upgrades, and other costs. Because IT infrastructure is a long-term investment for a company, these costs would be a burden. To address the challenge, IBM is developing LinuxONE, their most advanced mainframe for cloud infrastructure, that is highly secure, scalable, and has the ability to cut total cost of ownership (TCO). Register now to join the LinuxONE Showcase and discover how LinuxOne can help your cloud infrastructure for a better business future. Submit this form to get invitation to LinuxOne Showcase Industries Banking E-commerce FSI Government & Public Sector Information Technology Telecommunication Manufacture Other Submit × What is LinuxOne LinuxOne Advantages LinuxONE is IBM's latest mainframe that runs on Linux and was created to help customers keep up with today's fast-paced market. With customers' varying demands for IT infrastructure capabilities, IBM is introducing the latest members of the LinuxOne family, LinuxONE III, as options for customers to utilize flexibility, responsiveness, and cost in driving their digital transformation and journey to cloud. This is where they truly need to accelerate time to market while avoiding cloud security risks and complex migration problems. LinuxONE III is available in two models: LinuxONE III LT1 and LinuxONE III LT2. Both are designed to provide the mission-critical cloud infrastructure you need while also providing the privacy and security you require. The new IBM LinuxONE III single-frame and multi-frame systems, built in conjunction with customers and IBM Research and Development, enable security, privacy, and resiliency at scale as part of your enterprise-wide cloud infrastructure. Linux One III Download Linux One III LT2 Download Open, Scalable and Performant Large selection of hypervisors and Linux distributions featuring IBM, ISV, and community software supported by IBM, distribution, or 3rd parties. Encryption Everywhere Protect data and apps in the cloud with LinuxONE III, which can secure data and manage privacy policies throughout ecosystem. Cloud Native Development Deploy and orchestrate next-gen apps. Create new digital services that can be deployed throughout your cloud. LinuxOne enable you to reduce the risk and save you from many hidden costs driven by the complexity of x86 environments. It also helps you to achieve lower total cost of ownership and faster ROI up to 50% over an x86 solution over a three-year period. Calculate Your Saving See how much you can save by running LinuxOne. About BPT PT. Blue Power Technology (BPT) is a leading IT distributor in Indonesia founded in 2011. As one of PT. Computrade Technology International (CTI Group) subsidiaries with long experience and complete solution, BPT has gradually earned an outstanding reputation for their expertise and professionalism in delivering product and service distribution to the customers. BPT is committed to build services and technical skill to the highest level in order to continuously bring satisfaction for business partners and end-users. For more information, visit www.bluepowertechnology.com All © Copyright by . All Rights Reserved.