Oxford Hospital | Multi Super-Speciality Hospital | Jalandhar First in Punjab Heart & Diabetes Super-specialist Heart Treatment With Modern & Latest Technology Not every heart patient needs stent Get rid of overweight with Bariatric Surgery Book Appointment Your message was sent successfully. Consult Now Departments Multi-speciality hospital having various departments under one roof Faculty Learn more about our experienced & dedicated team of doctors Empanelments We are empanelled with many corporations & organizations for healthcare services News & Updates Explore latest events & activities happening at our hospital 17+ Years Experience Who we are Oxford Hospital Oxford Hospital is one of the best places to get medical treatment and consultation for heart problems and sugar problem. Our hospital has earned recognition as one of the best heart clinics in Jalandhar. Oxford Hospital is housing sincere and dedicated medical and para-medical staff to ensure best services to the patients. The latest medical equipment and diagnostic facilities are available to detect the root cause of the problems in the patients. The hospital is also equipped with most advanced medical facilities to attend emergency conditions. The Oxford hospital is also the main centre for getting a consultation and medication to curb and prevent diabetes in patients of all ages. Read More Oxford in Numbers Learn More About Our Success Stories 00+ Years of Expertise 00+ Heart Surgeries 00+ Happy Patients How to save your heart from stent How to avoid diabetes Common reasons for joint pain DEPARTMENTS / SERVICES Cardiology Cardiothoracic & Vascular Surgery Neurology & Neurosurgery Endocrinology & Diabetic Gastroenterology Orthopaedic & Joint Replacement Bariatric Surgery Punjab's 1st Heart & Diabetes Super Specialist Dr. Gurbeer Singh Gill Chief Intervention Cardiologist & Diabetologist Dr Gurbeer Singh Gill is a pioneer super specialist for Heart and Diabetes. He has acquired medical degrees from a very prestigious institution in the foreign country. After receiving degrees and practising in foreign countries, he is now serving in Jalandhar with high quality and yet affordable healthcare. Understanding the need for immediate and easily accessible medical attention, he has contributed himself mainly to the treatment of various heart problems and diabetes too. Know More All heart treatments under one roof Angiography Angioplasty (Stenting) Balloon Valvuloplasty Pacemaker Implantation Bypass Surgery Congenital Heart Surgery Vascular Surgery & Repair Heart Valve Surgery OXFORD FACILITIES Trauma & Critical Care Centrally Air conditioned Provision of healthy food Fully Equipped Labs & OTs News & Activities HAPPY PATIENTS VIDEOS 24x7 Emergency Medical Care We are there with you when it matters the most +91 72111 27111 Free E-Consultation Get the right consultation Your message was sent successfully. Consult Now Quick Links Home About Us Departments Facilities Faculty Gallery Videos News & Activities Empanelments Patient Info Careers Contact Us Bio-Medical Waste Oxford Hospital 305, Lajpat Nagar, Near Nakodar Chowk, Jalandhar (144 001) PB, India info@oxfordhospital.co.in +91 98550 00028 +91 181 5080752 Location Map FOLLOW US : © 2022 Oxford Hospital Jalandhar. All Rights Reserved Developed By 4waydial