Tax Link – Tax Returns – Accounting 3B/117 Hall Road, Carrum Downs VIC 3201 (At Rear) Email: tax@taxlink.com.au Mon-Fri : 9am–5pm, Sat-Sun : Closed Home News About Us Practice Area Taxation BAS/GST Bookkeeping Self-Managed Superannuation Fund Small Business Company Company Secretarial Single Touch Payroll Investment Advice Rental Property Management (03) 8770 6600 COVID-19 Occupation Deductions Administration Business Superannuation Investments Calculators Click here to make an appointment Search for: WE ARE MOVING! New address: 3b/117 Hall Road Carrum Downs Victoria 3201 (at rear) New postal address: Po Box 8118 Carrum Downs Victoria 3201 SERVICES WE PROVIDE Taxlink Pty. Ltd is a family owned accounting firm since 1987. Our new Carrum Downs office is open Monday to Friday 9 am to 5 pm by appointment. Individual Tax Return (in office tax return or teleservice) Taxation At Taxlink we offer a full range of taxation services. Our taxation consulting division is nationally recognised and we offer advice based on proven knowledge and experience. Our team of professionals, proactive approach ensures we deliver consistent and efficient service on timely basis Taxation can be one of the major cost to the business. If structure well, it can be used in the best interest for the business. We will work closely with you on timely basis to minimise your tax and help you achieve your key objectives. We provide a complete service of assistance and advice in each of these areas: Preparing activity statements and advice on tax payments Preparation of income tax returns Tax / GST Consolidation for group entities GST/FBT obligations Tax Planning and Strategies Advice on, and implementation of, tax effective trust structures for asset protection and tax minimisation Managing any ATO audits or disputes Partnership, Trust and Company Tax Return Partnerships, Trusts, Companies Taxlink makes life easier for a wide range of family enterprises every year. We support you every step of the way. From the very initial stages of commencement, we will work with you to ensure the trip is as smooth and fruitful as possible. Our support includes guidance with all facets of Business Management, ATO and statutory compliance including; ATO Registrations ; ABN’s, Tax File Numbers and Business Names Setting up business structures and shelf companies Feasibility studies and business acquisitions Preparation of financial reports Cash flow Projections and Budgets ATO liaison and payment arrangements GST advice and BAS statement preparation Bookkeeping and software support Support with all major software providers including cloud accounting Advice on statutory obligations Business management advice Eliminating back logs by bringing outstanding lodgements up to date No matter what your situation, at Taxlink, we have the resources and depth of experience to help you run your business enterprise as smoothly as possible. Accounting and Tax Advice Accounting Businesses are required to maintain up-to-date and accurate financial information not only for statutory compliance purposes but also to make a well informed business decision. Every Business is different and so is the infrastructure required to support personal and business financial requirements. At Taxlink, we understand this. We can relieve you from your burden of bookkeeping, accounting, wide range of administration and financial management services, allowing you to focus and make informed business decision for growth and development. We have many tools and services available which are tailored specific to the client needs. Our client range from small-large businesses. We work closely with you, discuss your requirements and provide information on a strict timely, specific and tailored to your needs and on a regular basis. Our fee estimates are provided before any work in done. Our approach, personalised attention and fee structure is always appreciated by our client. Reports and Services available: Annual Financial statements to comply with the ASIC Taxation and statutory report GST compliance and return lodgement, including planning review. Periodic/interim account and management report, vital for business success. Business performance analysis, planning and measurement reports Costing control, analysis and report Finance, cash flow forecasting and working capital reports Debt management reporting BAS, GST advice and compliance, Bookkeeping Bookkeeping Services Our Bookkeeping solutions are designed for small to medium sized businesses with turnover ranging from under 250k to over $1Million. Our clients include cafes to B2B enterprises, to sole traders, wholesalers, retailers, tradies and more. As leading tax accounting professionals, we know the challenges faced by a sole trader are vastly different to a business with payroll tax, or a warehouse with inventory, or a cafe with casual, part time and temporary staff. We also know that with the right Bookkeeping systems and support, we can get you back to focusing on what matters most to you – building your business! We know you need solutions to save time, save your money, and regain your peace of mind. Self Managed Superannuation Fund(SMSF) What is a self managed super fund (SMSF)? A self managed super fund (SMSF) is a superannuation trust structure that provides benefits to its members upon retirement. The main difference between SMSFs and other super funds is that SMSF members are also the trustees of the fund. SMSFs can have between one and four members*, and one of the main advantages is the level of control that trustees have when it comes to tailoring the fund to meet their individual needs. How does an SMSF work? SMSFs are established for the sole purpose of providing financial benefits to members in retirement and their beneficiaries on death. They have their own Tax File Number (TFN), Australian Business Number (ABN) and transactional bank account, which allows them to receive contributions and rollovers, make investments and pay out lump sums and pensions. All SMSF investments are made in the name of the fund and are controlled by the trustees. As a trust, an SMSF requires a trustee. There are two trustee structure options: Corporate trustee – a company acts as the trustee and each member is a director. This structure allows simpler recording and registering of assets, providing administration efficiencies and flexibility in membership. Company establishment and ongoing fees are applicable with this structure. Individual trustee – each member is appointed as a trustee, with a minimum of two trustees required. What are your responsibilities as an SMSF trustee? As an SMSF trustee, you are responsible for making investment decisions and ensuring implementation of an investment strategy for your fund. SMSFs also have strict administrative obligations that require you to maintain records, provide financial statements, complete a tax return and organise an independent audit. For this reason, many trustees engage SMSF specialists to help them manage their accounting, auditing and tax reporting, as well as provide financial and investment advice. However, they always remain completely responsible for the decisions and administration of their fund. How we can help support you as an SMSF trustee Whether you’re looking for accounting support, investment strategies, financial advice or estate planning expertise, Taxlink may be able to help you. Financial planning, property investment, mortgage & Finance Financial Planning Financial planning involves developing comprehensive, effective strategies to strengthen your financial security and ensure your financial goals can be met. These strategies provide a separate source of income to your business or employment income. Our qualified financial planners, can discuss your financial options with you and provide a three-stage service in financial planning that includes: Initial financial advice Implementation of a financial plan Ongoing investment portfolio management A variety of investment options are available, including corporate bonds, term deposits, local body and Government stock, Australian and overseas shares, and managed investment funds, to name but a few. Don’t take unnecessary risks with your future! Allow the professionals at Taxlink and Hopkins Group to guide you towards achieving your financial goals. GET YOUR 2019 & 2020 TAX REFUND QUICKER AND SAVE $20 Taxlink has a faster way to get your tax return done with your regular accountant still completing your return. “TELE-SERVICE” is a Cheaper, Quicker, and Easier way for you to lodge your 2022 & 2023 tax return. Visit this link for more information about this service Read More Need Help?GIVE US A CALL TO SECURE AN APPOINTMENT WITH ONE OF TAXLINK ACCOUNTANTS TODAY (03)-8770-6600tax@taxlink.com.au Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. REQUEST CALL BACK. Would you like to speak to one of our financial advisers over the phone? Just submit your details and we'll be in touch shortly. You can also email us if you would prefer. How can we help?How can we help?How can we help? SUBMIT Δ RESOURCES November 22, 2017 By admin In Business Comments Off on Get Your Individual Tax Refund Quicker & Save $20 Get Your Individual Tax Refund Quicker & Save $20 November 21, 2017 By admin In Business Comments Off on Careers and Internship Program Careers and Internship Program Get your individual tax refund quicker and save $20 Give us a call to secure an appointment with one of taxlink accountants today Our office is open Monday to Friday 9 am to 5 pm by appointment. Taxlink Pty. Ltd has been operating in various locations for over 30 years since 1987. We have recently moved our office from McKinnon to Seaford, which is conveniently located close to Seaford train station and public parking. Contact Us FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Instagram Our Services Subscribe Us Sign Up for our mailing list to get latest updates and news. Get latest updates and offers. Leave this field empty if you're human: Coyright 2019 Tax Link. All rights reserved.