AEI24 Lab Test ABOUT US WHAT WE DO DIAGNOSTIC TEST KITS INFECTIOUS DISEASES TESTS ANTI-SYPHILLIS TEST CHLAMYDIA TEST DENGUE TEST GONORRHEA TEST H. PYLORI TEST HEPATITIS B TEST HEPATITIS C TEST MALARIA TEST STREP A TEST FERTILITY TESTS FSH (Menopause Test) LH (Ovulation Test) HCG (Pregnancy Test) TUMOR MARKER TEST FOB TEST PSA TEST DRUGS OF ABUSE TESTS (DOA) URINE REAGENT TEST UNILATEX CONDOMS UNILATEX CONSUMER PACKING UNILATEX IN PACKS OF 144 UNITS ULTRASONIC PROBE COVERS CONTACT Menu Menu LinkedInYoutube PreviousNext1234 IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC The in vitro diagnostics market continues to attract the interest of healthcare provider’s alike worldwide, since clinical testing is used for 70 percent of healthcare decisions and can help provide more targeted therapy at a lower cost. In the past few years clinical laboratory technology has changed dramatically with groundbreaking innovations in gene editing, next generation sequencing, microbiome research, and direct-to-consumer testing. Nowadays IVDs are a critical factor in determining healthcare needs. Medical decisions are taken on basis of information provided by IVDs. They help guide clinical decisions on what treatment or intervention will be most appropriate, ranging from managing cholesterol levels to detecting genetic conditions. At an even earlier stage, IVDs can be used to detect conditions even before signs of illness, often saving a great deal of suffering and at times unnecessary treatment. In many conditions, the early diagnosis provided by an IVD can provide better long term outcomes, by highlighting a need for treatment or lifestyle changes. In some cases, such as certain cancers, the information from an IVD test can help prevent premature death. Diagnostics also play an important role in public health programs, such as population screening for communicable diseases. TESTS KITS TO MAKE DIAGNOSIS EASIER, FASTER AND MORE AFFORDABLE DIAGNOSTIC TEST KITS We have a range of 5 groups from IVD Test Kits The manufacturing processes of our diagnostic products are strictly designed in accordance with the guidelines of ISO 13485 and ISO 9001 standards. Furthermore, the use of high-standard materials and advanced production technology help to ensure the high quality of our test kits. Most of our products are FDA approved and / or CE certified, which helps to register and market them in many countries and areas. Our marketing team and our design department offer quality services in OEM packaging for private labelling LABTEST®+ is a registered trademark of A.E.I. 24 - LABTEST®+ © Copyright 2019 Scroll to top ES Este sitio web contiene algunas herramientas que utilizan cookies, las cuales son necesarias para su funcionamiento, así como para lograr los objetivos mencionados en la política de cookies. Al hacer clic y "aceptar", está aceptando la política y las cookies utilizadas por AEI24labtest. EN This website contains some tools that use cookies, which are necessary for its operation, as well as to achieve the objectives mentioned in the cookie policy. When you click and "accept", you are agreeing to the policy and cookies used by AEI24labtest.Yes, I accept. | Si, yo acepto.Read More | Saber MásManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT COMPANIES FROM AEI24 GROUP WWW.AEI24.COM WWW.AEI24LABTEST.COM × ESPECIFICACIONES DEL PRODUCTO Las cubiertas desechables para sondas de ultrasonido brindan protección higiénica para el paciente y el médico durante los exámenes ultrasónicos. Está fabricado con látex de caucho natural de alta calidad utilizando la exclusiva tecnología de preservativos alemana. Diámetro de 34 mm y longitud de 200 mm. Envasado en papel de aluminio individual o a granel (sin papel de aluminio) y en una caja dispensadora de 100. Permite realizar una detección ecográfica precisa. Higiénico y conveniente. Látex 34 mm D x 200 mm L – Tamaño del condón No lubricado No esterilizado Arrollado Extremo redondeado Transductor – Vaginal / Rectal Caja dispensadora de 100 Vida útil: 5 años × PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS Disposable Ultrasound Probe Covers provide hygienic protection for the patient and physician during ultrasonic examinations. It is made from high quality natural rubber latex using exclusive German condom technology. 34mm diameter and 200mm length. Packaged in individual foil or bulk (no foil) and in a dispenser box of 100. Allows for accurate ultrasound detection. Hygienic and convenient. Latex 34mm D x 200mm L – Condom Size Not lubricated Not sterilized Rolled Rounded end Transducer – Vaginal / Rectal Dispenser box of 100 Shelf life: 5 years ×