SOS Sredets 04.03.2024g.For contact with us an electronic journal for journalism, satire and Obzor news, the three wolf in the last days of February with a legally conducted individual hunt in the lands of the villages of Momina Church ... More potential danger of the Sredets Municipality, the Municipal Council section are published for the upcoming for the Municipality of SredetsSightseeing, discussing and voting ... More fairs, fairs ..... As you probably know from 20.02 to 24.02.2024, another statement of agricultural machinery, goods, ... more than the news I did not vote forBacho! 4 years ago:,, ……… .. here I voted for Bacho and that's why I worked for him.He knows what people motivate, everyone finds something and who is loyal to him at least ... more tablecloths for Beaujolais! We are pleased to sail from Sredets without borders in connection with the November Young Wine Beaujolais Nouveau.Of course, we have an occasion, but let's read first ... More February compromise is impressed.Military action is underway.Ukraine is almost forgotten.The political anointed people got caught by the goose.This time, the problem is neither who will make it, ... More than Sharj Obzor Election Obzor - Local Elections 2023. In this Obzor we will focus mainly on the election of a municipal mayor.The most discouraged and difficult to explain finding out of the comparative analysis of numbers ... What are the other peoples saying about the Bulgarian nation and the state?We live in a global world and we are more and more traveling around the world, but do we change our stereotypes?And what do foreigners think about us Bulgarians?We often ask ourselves what ... More than our man for our people after the election we passed two articles, which, although brief, gave one overall picture of the elections in the Municipality of Sredets.After that interest provokes us ... More all than Obzor joke of the week Balotzhi joke today, 05.11.2023, on this wonderful sunny day, on the day of the local elections, an old joke that sounds ambiguous: a man flies withBalloon and understands he has lost himself .... more than jokes chefs something against Kovid - 19 dear readers, along the main topic of the crown virus and all kinds of fake or not information, a close friend of ours has compiled his medicine against the virus orMore precisely ... More than a chef, different Sasho Dikov: Slavi commits suicide.I still do not believe they suicide him! You have allowed crazy manifestations of unpreparedness, fear and wedding in personnel decisions.You have allowed a desperately dumb lies for easily checking things."Slavi commits suicide.All ... more all of the various