Menu FREE ESTIMATES 1-905-689-DOOR(3667) russ@flamboroughdoors.com Home Garage Doors Residential Doors Commercial Doors Industrial Doors Openers Services Warranty Links Contact Garage Door Installation & door solutions to fit your needs! Residential Doors Flamborough Doors specializes in high quality, functional and attractive garage doors. We deal with various top brand manufacturers... Commercial Doors Flamborough Doors has a extensive selection of doors to meet the needs of various commercial, industrial business's and farm... Industrial Doors At Flamborough Doors we deal with various top brand manufacturers and their wide selection of quality products. We have the product... Flamborough Doors offers prompt service, quality products & installations providing you peace of mind, so you may concentrate on more important things. Flamborough Doors has been supplying garage doors, garage door openers, service and installation for over 20+ years. With many thanks to our repeat clients and business partners throughout south-central Ontario (Hamilton, Burlington, Ancaster, Dundas, Oakville, Flamborough, Waterdown and more). Flamborough Doors is fully equiped to handle the needs of new home builders including the residential and commercial contruction industry. Flamborough Doors is known for our exceptional quality of work, custom garage door solutions, and outstanding warranties. Enduring customer relationships are our motivation and reason for our success Whether you are looking for a stylish and functional garage door or opener for your home, sectionals or rolling doors for your business, Flamborough Doors has the right garage door for you. We carry a wide range of top-quality, maintenance-free overhead garage doors and accessories from brand-name manufacturers designed to provide years of dependable performance and piece of mind. We look forward to helping you with your next garage door installation. Russ Nicholson - Owner Safety First! Flamborough Doors Understands the importance of safety! Your garage door is the largest moving object in your home, with the weight to crush anything in it's path. For personal safety, and that of your vehicle, it is critical that your garage door be in perfect working order. Flamborough Doors is reliable, experienced, professional, prompt, courteous, and understands the safety aspects of properly working garage doors. Services Looking for first class service in a garage door company? Flamborough Doors service technicians are experts in the delivery, installation and maintenance of residential, commercial and industrial doors. Our technicians have many years of experience and the knowledge to service any door or door opener. We offer FREE ESTIMATES and consultation on any repair or replacement. Warranty Flamborough Doors carries a full manufacturers warranty! At Flamborough Doors we STAND behind all installation and products sold. All garage doors installed by Flamborough Doors carry a full manufacture warranty and most manufacturers now carry a lifetime warranty. We will be glad to provide information, discuss or answer any questions you might have in regards to your garage door purchase and installation. FREE ESTIMATES905-689-DOOR(3667) Call today for exceptional quality of work, custom garage door solutions, and outstanding warranties! © Flamborough Doors Contact Us 165, 8th Concession East Freelton, ON L0R 1K0 Telephone: 1 905 689 3667 Cell: 1 905 570 5685 E-mail: Russ Nicholson