Malaysian Design Architects, Landscape Architecture Firm Malaysia : : A T S A A R C H I T E C T S : : Architecture+Planning+Interiors+PMC atsa Home About Us The Company Design Philosophy Profile of Key Personnel Contact Us Our Work By Type Services In Progress Projects Publication Brochure Folio + Monograph + Sketches News Archives E-Newsletter CSR programm Happy Chinese New Year 10 & 11 February 2024 Click here to subscribe or unsubscribe our eGreetings Read More ATSA Architects Architecture + Planning + Interiors + Project ManagementAt ATSA, it has been our philosophy to provide solutions that build successful buildings that are design excellence, memorable and timeless. We believed in responsible business. Read More Browse Our Work Mosque competition Read More Our Works Green Buildings Residentials Commercial + Corporate Buildings Educational Centres Large + Small Scale Master Planning Life Sciences + Technology Contemporary Islamic Design Buildings Government Instituitional Buildings Hospitality + Resort Buildings Transportation Buildings Industrial Buildings Others The Company Profile At ATSA, it has been our philosophy to provide solutions that build successful buildings that are design excellence, memorable and timeless. We believed in responsible business. We inscribe timeless progression and innovation into our designs and sustainability as our design aesthetics. Founded in 1992 by its founding members; Azim A. Aziz and Zulqaisar Hamidin, ATSA is now a multiple award winning architecture firm and has been awarded as the top ten architectural practice in Malaysia by BCI Asia. ATSA is also a certified MS ISO 9001:2008 company; it has upgraded its certification to QESH Management System programme to qualify and meet the quality standards for ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 requirements. ATSA Architects is currently a certified with QESH Management System programme since April 2010. As a company, we have seen much change over the past 25 years. We have grown in terms of our capacity from 4 key personnel which consist of its two founding members Azim and Zulqaisar and Yee Teck Choon as Finance Director to 50 employees with offices in Penang, and other operation offices in Sandakan. Our Head Quarters located in Taman Tun Dr. Ismail, Kuala Lumpur has become one of the most highly computerised medium size architecture firm in Malaysia. Over the years, we have progressed tremendously ensuring that we are always able to render high quality, innovative and competitive service to our clients. We have invested intensively into upgrading ATSA’s IT Division, amongst the software that we have are CAD and now we are starting on with REVIT. However, at ATSA, we symbiosis relationship between art and architecture; we are passionate architects and it is our job to find the “Poetry Solutions” inherent in all our designs. At ATSA Architects, we aspire to be the very best in the industry. We hope to achieve this through serving our clients, working together as a team and contributing to the community. We are working towards building a unique company delivering unparalleled designs, created and supported by people who represent the company with their wealth of knowledge from various cultures, background and experiences. The last few years have seen some of ATSA Architects remarkable and ambitious projects come to life in Malaysia and overseas. We approach our design by incorporating new technologies and sustainable design approach that had produced exciting and environmentally responsive buildings. Shifting technological, social and economic ways of life means that the work patterns and lifestyles of building users will continue to evolve. 2017 marks a milestone for ATSA as it celebrates its 25th anniversary. Already the management has identified key goals for the next few decades that would mark new growth areas and specialization in key disciplines. Aims to position itself to be “THE CHOICE” for architectural solution and sustainability design services. At ATSA, we have endured crafting for success passionately for 25 years and are proud by our company’s immersion, in continues improvement - a culture designed to provide our employees are up to the challenge, have embraced changed and have become the driving force in taking ATSA to even higher level of success, We believed that what sets us apart is our unique combination of inspired designs and inspiring people. Services The Architecture Architecture is the cornerstone of ATSA’s design approach. We inscribe to timeless, innovative, and sustainable design practice. We draw on our expertise to provide context- specific and cost- effective design to our clients. ATSA Architects specializes in various work categories and currently a leading design provider for: 1) Residential 2) Commercial and Corporate buildings 3) Education Centres 4) Life Sciences buildings 5) Contemporary Islamic buildings, 6) Government Institutional buildings 7) Hospitality and Resort buildings 8) Large and Small Scale Master Planning. Master Planning Our planning group creates visually exciting and economically viable settings that enhance quality of life. The design of an urban space must address a broad range of interrelated factors and, to be successful, it must express the balance among function, climate, style, budget and culture.We believe in well planned urban environments are the key to a future that is ecologically, socially and economically sustainable. Project Management We are committed to provide systematic processes and procedures to be implemented into the management of our design from the inception to the completion stage. We encourage our clients and other stakeholders to adhere strictly to the stipulated time frame, quality, costs, sustainability and safety aspects. Our focus is collaborative in nature with the various stakeholders to meet the desired objectives. We aim to exceed our clients’ expectations through the delivery of quality solutions, ensuring that aspirations are always achieved in all projects. Sustainable Design We strive to provide energy efficiency and green building consulting throughout the design process to effectively reduce the energy operating cost of the building and help our clients achieve the Green Building certification by LEED and / or GBI. Interior Design To have a successful interior design solution in a building, our approach is to always employ creative, environmentally friendly, progressive and latest methods which will result in the creation of a space with lasting impact unique to the clients' mission.From the initial client meeting through occupancy, our designers will work closely with our clients to identify their design goals, schedule requirements and budgetary parameters. Ultimately, we develop a design that reflects and advance our clients’ expressions or brand. The Landscape We enjoy designing, with our Landscape Architects, theme gardens, public parks and playgrounds, residential areas, college campuses, shopping centres, offices, parkways and many more for clients in both the public and private sectors. We would like to design areas not only for its functional use but also for it to be beautiful and will exists harmoniously with the natural environment. Design Philosophy ATSA Architects believes in its brand of Architecture that is Responsible, Timeless, Progressive, Innovative and Sustainable. Our responsibility to the public, to the client, to future generations, to the environment and to ourselves is paramount. We inscribe timeless, progression and innovation into our designs and sustainability as our design aesthetics. Architect-Client Partnership We work as partners with our clients. We find this close relationship necessary in shaping the programme and determining the direction of the project. We value our clients’ insight as ultimately their interpretation will enable us to provide solutions that build successful buildings that are design excellence, memorable and timeless. This integration is the key that differentiates ATSA from other architectural firms. The Past Inspires The Future Our built structures, whether it is a new building, a major renovation or an adaptive reuse, will have the inevitable changes to its existing context, environment and the surrounding demographics. We, as architects at ATSA must complement, and to a larger extent, improve it. We value the past as an inspiration to build the future. Local - International Approach Our long term approach is to always develop various Strategic Alliances with both local and international firms. Our intention is to gain exposure, expertise and knowledge in various design fields and making sure that all of our designs are competitive and parallel with the world’s progression. To support our determination in providing best quality and continuous performance, we are also able to serve our clients from our branches and on-site offices located nationwide. Thought Leadership As part of our purpose as a responsible Architectural firm, we love to work together with the many local and foreign universities to impart some our knowledge of what we have learnt over the years and thus may help Architectural students to gain from our experience and insights. Our organizational culture operates in a small, holistic and empowered team allows us for better integration, breeds creativity and innovation amongst ATSArians. High Quality Competetive Sustainable Designs As the quality of lifestyle in Malaysia and around the world upgrades, we believe that our branding of Architecture will stand the test of demands for high quality sustainable buildings. We strive to provide our clients with designs that are environmentally sensitive and aspire to be the exemplary Architectural firm in adopting sustainability practices in all our projects. Philosophy Architect The Past Approach Leadership Quality Our Team Ar. Azim Tan Sri Aziz APAM, IPDM, MID, Chief Executive Officer Ar. Zulqaisar Dato' Hamidin APAM, Executive Director Related Link Three Traditional Houses adapted for modern living, next to a crystal clear stream within five acres of durian orchard. Bagas Zakariah Copyright This site is owned and operated by ATSA Architects Sdn Bhd.Use of this site signifies your agreement to all terms and conditions of use. No material from www.atsa.com.my may be copied, reproduced, republished, transmitted, or or distributed in any form - unless permission is obtained in writing in advance of such actions.Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of ATSA Architects Sdn Bhd. copyright and other proprietary rights. About us ATSA Architects was incorporated on 3rd July 1992 by Azim A. Aziz, Zulqaisar Hamidin and Yee Teck Choon. Since its inception, ATSA Architects has gone from strength to strength and becoming one of leading architectural company in Malaysia. Contacts Us No 45, Jalan Tun Mohd Fuad 3,Taman Tun Dr. Ismail,60 000, Kuala Lumpur ATSA Design International Sdn. Bhd.ATSA Landscape Design Sdn. Bhd. Tel +(603)-7727 1877 Fax +(603)-7727 1875 Email info@atsa.com.my © Design by ATSA Architects