The Court of Appeal | Timely Delivery of a High Standard of Justice for all... ﻿ Home Contact Us JudgmentsCivil Judgments Criminal Judgments Laws of Jamaica Court Sittings gov.jm President's Message A Brief History of the Court Jurisdiction Composition of the Court President and Judges Strategic Plan Judicial Conduct Guidelines Jamaica Sentencing Guidelines Cause and Hearing Lists The Registry Tribute Practice Directions and Practice Notes Annual Reports Court Forms Frequently Asked Questions Live Streams Judicature (Appellate Jurisdiction) Act Customer Service Charter Terms of Use Protocol For Addressing Judicial Officers Media Protocol Reports INTRODUCTION TO WEBSITE OF THE COURT OF APPEAL Jamaica is a country that is governed by the Rule of Law. Our citizens are very conscious of that fact and keep our courts very busy in an effort to vindicate their rights. Our judges are very conscious of their role and responsibility and do all within their power to deliver justice to those who invoke the intervention of the courts. The Court of Appeal came into being at the time of independence. The judges of this court exercise great care in reviewing the decisions of the lower courts and tribunals, against which complaints are made. We give reasons for all of our decisions, and invite the public at large to inform themselves of these reasons by accessing them on the website of the court. An informed public helps in the building of a strong nation. Notices THE COURT OF APPEAL The public is hereby advised of the availability of access to the virtual hearings of matters set for open court at the Court of Appeal. Persons interested in observing matters being heard in open court are asked to consult the court lists which are published on this website and to send an email to [email protected] indicating the matter(s) they wish to observe. The registry will by email provide the relevant Zoom access information. Please consult Practice Direction No 1 of 2021 (see link below) for the Zoom hearing protocols. Please note that the audio or video recording of the court's proceedings is strictly prohibited. Any person who breaches this restriction will be subject to proceedings for contempt of court. Practice Directions and Notes Practice Direction No 1/2023 - Resumption of In-Person Hearings NOTICE TO ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW - 3 APRIL 2023 Please click on the link for further information. NOTICE TO ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW Tribute to the Honourable Justice C Dennis Morrison OJ, CD The Court of Appeal pays tribute to the Honourable Justice C Dennis Morrison OJ, CD, past president of the court, who passed away on 3 February 2024. Click the link Tribute from the Court of Appeal × Search Search Covid-19 Phrase Search Recent Lists Hearing List for week commencing 4 March 2024.pdf Cause List week commencing 11 March 2024.pdf Recent Judgments Russell (Brian) v R Douglas (Vassell) v R Daley (Jermaine) v R Fagan (Fitzroy) v Attorney General (The) et al Chambers (Owen) and anor v Smith (Ivan) Capital Holdings Limited et al v National Housing Trust - Memorandum of reasons Milford (Jermaine) v R Clarke (Demitri) v R Simms (Brian) and Anor v R Gordon (Debbie-Ann) v Sygnus Credit Investments et al Scott (Davion) v R Burton (Artnell) v R Broomfield (Andre) v R Folkes (Kenmore) v R -Endorsement Industrial Disputes Tribunal (The) v Caribbean Examinations Council and anor SL v KS Irving (Michael) v R Saunders (Clifford) and anor v R Wade (Rainford) vs McBean (Norman) and anor Nichols (Merrick) v Foster (Keisha) Customer Service Strategic Plan More About the Court Government Useful Links Court Sittings Jamaica Gazette Caribbean Court of Justice - CCJ Contact Us Jamaica Parliament CommonLII Laws of Jamaica Government Links (JIS) Judicial Committee - Privy Council How to Find Us Superior Courts in the CARICOM Region Newsletters Copyright © 2016 The Court of Appeal. All Rights Reserved. Developed by the Information Communication and Technology of the Court Administration Division.