Research Home News About Village History Profile of Village Apparatus Cultural Organizational Structure Criticism and Demographic Suggestions Village Common Data Collection of Data Data Financial Data Institutional Data Trantib and Disaster Gallery Documentation Activity Collection of Potential Files Superior Products UKM Tourism Welcome to the Village. I hopeWe can provide the information you need.Joy together with fondness to welcome the coming of the holy month of Ramadan 2020 Beautiful Morning Scenery Can be enjoyed in the village. My, morning and evening in the morning the bright morning, the delicious morning we can enjoy together in the village.Hello welcome to the official website of the village. Ku, AB District AC Regency.Media Communication and Transparency of the Village Government. I for the whole community.Test ... Read more .. 17 October 2021 23:10:59 Admin 116 News Title News Contents ... Read more .. August 27 2020 23:08:57 Admin 159 Village Apparatus Graphic Info Update 29 January 2020 Update 29 January 292020 UPDATE 29 January 2020 General News News Category (1) Regional News (0) Village News (1) Popular News Title News Documentation News Documentation all photos click 2 times to watch my documentation 2 Description .. More ... see the document my document.MoreMission 2. Mission is a regulation that stipulates the main objectives and functions of the organization, a target to be achieved in a certain period of time through the application of the selected strategy. The mission of an organization is very necessary to direct the planning and implementing activities so that each activity or product ofAn organization has led to the achievement of vision.Thus to realize the vision set by each government agency must have a clear mission.The mission of Ulin Landasan District is as follows: Improve the quality of service. Increasing the professionalism of the apparatus. Encourage community participation.Moto 3. Mottomotto District Ulin Landasan, namely: "Ceria (fast, efficient and effective, friendly, sincere, and accountable)".© PMCode YD - All Right Reserved