Kavish Media – A Research Based Media Production Company Primary Menu Home About Us Services Our Work connect Blogs OUR EXPERTISE Kavish Media offers a variety of communication services for its clients which consists of services like explainer videos, motion graphic videos, corporate films, ad films, app explainer videos, documentaries, and many more. l l CONTENT j j GRAPHICS   VIDEO   DIGITAL   RESEARCH   ELECTION What do we do?   Content Creation With diverse understanding of users and consumers, we help you to design content that can address your goals. We provide content creation along all platforms, be it social media, visual platform or even for canvas use.   Graphics A quality illustration design can help you stand out from the competition when they’re still relying on stock photography for their images. we have a team of specialized graphic designers who are ready to create a personalized and unique illustration.   Video Production We help you to draw canvas of your product, service that can establish perception in your target audience’ thought. Our all around production services can easily maximize your results. We can produce any type of video content on your demand.   Digital Marketing From start-ups to a local business or a corporate, we provide efficient and innovative, objective, result and value-added Integrated Digital Marketing Solutions that support any business to grow.   Research papers With our proficient research background, you can be assuring of having an out of the box communication method. A research gives an edge to your product and service and we are good at it.   Election Management If elections are the festival of democracy in India, then we manage that for you hassle free. we have scripted many political stories during elections. with our creative strategy maker & innovative marketing expert we offer full spectrum of political campaign services. AD FILMS Elegant minimalistic project sample page 27 April, 2016 in Metro-style (Demo) GRAPHIC & ILLUSTRATION Creative portfolio page for creative brains 27 April, 2016 in Metro-style (Demo) DIGITAL MARKETING Dark template for stunning photography portfolio page 27 April, 2016 in Metro-style (Demo) 2D ANIMATION 1 August, 2018 in Metro-style (Demo) CORPORATE FILM Indore Based Kavish Media, is a profound production house for producing corporate films, especially on an objective basis. 1 August, 2018 in Metro-style (Demo) CONTENT Dark template for stunning photography portfolio page 27 April, 2016 in Metro-style (Demo) Wanna experience it? Schedule a free consult Sandeep Matta Founder, TRADEIT “I want to extol you & entire Kavish Media team for your efforts on our TV commercials. We really liked your attention to detail, adaptability and relentless determination to deliver quality commercials on time. I had only a vague notion of what I needed, but your team transformed it into a appealable advertisement despite having very limited knowledge of our industry. We are proud to have you as part of our team and look forward to your future contributions. Wish you all the luck and a very bright future ahead! “ Abhishek Sharma Sr. Manager (Business Analytics), SBI Life Insurance “Working experience with Kavish Media in a project crucially important for our team was great. Time, the most required recipe of creativity was short.Determination kept both of us on target and we kept on applying all permutations and combinations to create a motivating yet informative audio visual presentation for our national sales team in record three days. Just three days to come out with a wonderful AV our executives and seniors officers expressed that the task was tough yet equally well done. I recommend Kavish Media for their Never Give Up attitude. Kudos ” Madhuri Dixit Ghugari Sr. Ex. Business development, NETAFIM, India “I think you people being from INDORE, are doing such great work that my seniors are pretty happy with your work and i am satisfied by the fact that now not only me but my whole organization have a faith in your working skills. Best of luck for the future.” OUR execution style 1.Research All that you know may not be the whole you ought to know, hence a research gives an edge to your product or service. 2. Strategy With a diverse understanding of users and consumers, we help you to design a strategy that can address your goals. 3. Content In order to increase sales, inquiry, engagements, tractions, awareness, opinion etc. all you need is right. 4.Production With the professional of medium and media, we produce content for any medium independent of media. 5.Optimisation We believe technology as a medium can serve your goals,effectively technologies can create a long-lasting impact. Our believers Let’s Connect Address: 31 & 32, G-AB, Scheme no 94, Second Floor, Service Lane Ring Road, Pipliyahana Square, Chauhan Nagar, Indore, Madhya Pradesh-452016Phone: +91-8818888303 / +91-9893992268Email: info@kavishmedia.comWebsite: https://kavishmedia.com/ Knowledge source 10 reasons why traditional media is being replaced by video Strong pre-production is the backbone of any effective video How to use video marketing to grow your business? Newsletter Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human: Useful links About Video Production Work with us About Explainer Videos An effictive Video marketing strategy Work culture at KAvish Media Support Contact Us Disclaimer Add more 2018 © Copyrights kavishmedia WhatsApp us Call us now