Biomedgrid | American Journal of Biomedical Science and Research American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research ISSN: 2642-1747 ISI Impact Factor: 2.120 info@biomedgrid.com Home About Aim & Scope Why Publish with us Open Access Policy Publication Ethics Subject Areas FAQ's For Editors Editor Guidelines Associate Editor Guidelines Reviewer Guidelines Register as For Authors Author Guidelines Author Benefits Plagiarism Policy Peer Review System Submission Guidelines Self-archiving Policy Membership Publication Charges Pay Online Reprints & e-Prints e-Books Editorial Committee Editor In Chief Honorable Editors Associate Editors Articles Article In Press Current Issue Archive Online Submission Special Issues Contact us Home About Aim & Scope Why Publish with us Open Access Policy Publication Ethics Subject Areas FAQ's For Editors Editor Guidelines Associate Editor Guidelines Reviewer Guidelines Register as For Authors Author Guidelines Author Benefits Plagiarism Policy Peer Review Process Self-archiving Policy Publication Ethics Publication Charges Pay Online Editorial Committee Honorable Editors Associate Editors Articles Article In Press Current Issue Archive Online Submission Contact us Coronavirus (COVID-19) Find the latest research published related to recent outbreak Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). View Articles American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research provides a unique platform where you can share the original research in supporting the advancement of Science, Technology, Engineering & Medicine. Read More Supports Open access American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research publishes articles in open access which are peer-reviewed and made free for everyone to read, download and reuse. American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research Dedicated in promoting open scholarly research to the world with immediate publication and transparent peer review. Submit your research Next Previous Find Articles Explore latest scientific through Biomedical science & research Make a Submission Disseminate your research with us Submitting your research Register as Academicians are invited to join as Editor/ Reviewer About Us Welcome to American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research The purpose of the American Journal of Biomedical Science and Research is to publish scientific and technical research papers, to bring attention to the importance of technology in the field of human sciences. Ever advancing technology plays a vital role in several emergency medical and clinical scenarios, and is thus the the key focus of this journal; biomedical research. Bringing together content that is rich and enables information sharing between like-minded readers who crave for quality content on biomedical research. Learn More Our Vision The American Journal of Biomedical Science and Research exists to impart knowledge on the latest work done... Read More Open Access At American Journal of Biomedical Science and Research we believe that knowledge is for everyone willing to seek and spread it... Read More Membership AJBSR is deeply committed in building a community of motivated researchers who regularly create manuscripts destined... Read More Editor In Chief Ian James Martins Know More... Indexing & Archiving Crossref ICMJE ResearchBib Publons Scilit Sciforum Worldcat JURN DRJI View More... Pubmed Indexed Articles COVID-19: Initiating the Expansion of Telemedicine in Neurosurgery PMID: 34164624 Influence of Organismal Aging in Mesenchymal Stem Cell Therapy PMID: 33225310 The Clinical Versatility of Next-Generation Sequencing in Colorectal Cancer PMID: 32924015 Endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase (eNOS) and the Cardiovascular System: in Physiology and in Disease States PMID: 35072089 A Cautionary Note for COVID-19 Survivors: Potential Long-term Risk for Alzheimer's Disease PMID: 34368778 Sympathetic Nerve Control of Blood Pressure Response during Exercise in Peripheral Artery Disease and Current Application of Experimental Disease Models PMID: 33392512 Track Your Article with your unique ID Make a Submission Join Editorial Team Publish your e-Book Special Issue Proposal Alert me Tweets by biomedgrid Latest Articles Opinion Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Critical Concern for Maternal and Fetal Health Jimi Francis* Pages: 543-544 Published Online: March, 2024 PDF HTML Opinion Could A Non-Invasive Biosensor Be Used to Diagnose Alzheimer’s Disease? Bethany Richardson*, Urvashi Gunputh and Paul Wood Pages: 541-542 Published Online: March, 2024 PDF HTML Mini Review Methodology of Non-Probability Samples Through Data Integration Kyu-Seong Kim Pages: 539-540 Published Online: March, 2024 PDF HTML Review Article Artificial Intelligence in Nuclear Medicine: Current Applications and Future Prospects Farshid Gheisari, Niloufar Ebrahimi and Reza Vali* Pages: 530-538 Published Online: March, 2024 PDF HTML Research Article Study on Extraction Method of Flavonoids in Star Anise Li Yu Long, Zhang Ya Wen, Zhao Zi Wen, Du Xi, Luo Na Xin, Chen Sui* and Du Juan* Pages: 523-529 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML Review Article Microbiota A Conceptual Tool for All Uses and Abuses of Science Bruno Riccardi*, Sergio Resta and Giacomo Resta Pages: 515-522 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML Review Article The Effect of Inducing the Magnetohydrodynamic Rotational-Translational Motion of the Blood Water Flow at the Micro and Macro Levels of Energy-Mass Compaction Evgeny Pavlovich Sidorov* Pages: 489-514 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML Short Communication Elimination of Wound Healing Lag Time by Novel Alternative Pathways Sufan Chien*, Harshini Sarojini, Mohammad Bayat, Samson Chien Pages: 487-488 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML Review Article Ancient And Alternative Healing Tools for Microbe Management Janice M Dietert and Rodney R Dietert* Pages: 475-486 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML Research Article Study of Achievement Minimum Services Standard for Hypertension Health Services Patient in Makassar City Siti Nurul Fajriah*, Andi Mariani, Baharuddin, Zaenab, Muhammad Saleh and Suharto Pages: 470-474 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML Case Report Purple Drank: Syrup on the Streets Dwayne Evans DDS*, Michele White DDS, Janet C Fenske MS MLS, Gary N. Frey DDS, Cleverick (C.D.) Johnson DDS MS and Ben F Warner MS DDS MD Pages: 468-469 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML Case Report Surgical Approach for Multiple Indeterminate Liver Lesions: A Case Report Atta Nawabi MD*, MBA, Jennaye Burkhart DO, MS, Katherine Grabowski DO, MBA, MPH, Ahmad Nawabi MS, Patrick Chizek DO and Perwaiz Nawabi DO, MS, MBA Pages: 465-467 Published Online: February, 2024 PDF HTML View More... With the support of strong Editorial Board we provide quality publication through our rigorous peer review process. Peer Review System Why Publish with us Quality We have a strict peer-review system that ensure the content we receive is good and can be improved upon... Reach Our readership consists of experts from all fields within the Biomedical Research and Technology industry... Flexibility We accept content in various formats, and encourage authors to create interesting representations... Speed Our peer-review system, however thorough and strict, is a fast process that allows authors to see their work... Affordability We are continuously taking efforts to make publishing easier and pocket-friendly for our contributors... Impact Our open source content policy ensure the articles and manuscripts create an enormous positive impact... Open Access Open Access refers to the practice of making peer-reviewed scholarly research and literature freely available online to read, download, copy, distribute, printwithout any financial, legal, technical barriers. Enhanced visibility and faster Impact with global readership Free access to scientific knowledge Fast publication process with minimal charges Rigorous peer review of research papers Access for researchers in developing countries Why Publish with us? High visibility of articles through global readership Top Editorial Board and Review team Articles in various formats: PDF, HTML, XML Minimum publication charges Rapid publication with life time hosting Copy rights are retained with the author Provision to have a hard copy Best membership opportunity AJBSR, a high quality peer reviewed journal provides a robust path to explore novel research work worldwide freely and immediately available to everyone Submit Manuscript Special Issues Special Issues of AJBSR are the additional issues of monthly issues focused on topics of emerging areas of science and medicine. Read More Publication Ethics The American Journal of Biomedical Science and Research adheres to the publication guidelines recommended by the COPE. Read More Announcements Editor Registrations 22 Nov, 2018 Biomedical Science & Research sincerely calls for Editorial members & Reviewers among professionals and experts from all over the world. Submit your CV to info@biomedgrid.com Manuscript Submission 22 Nov, 2018 Welcoming manuscript submissions for Volume 17 of American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research Click Here Special Issue 22 Nov, 2018 Special Issue Invitation for the topic "Stem cells & Regenerative Medicine" For more information Click Here Choose Your Area of Interest American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research is a peer reviewed open access journal dedicated to publish high-quality research in all areas of the medical, pharmaceutical, health and engineering sciences. Agriculture Medicine Pharmaceutical Biomedical Engineering Science Sign up for Newsletter Sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest updates. We respect your privacy and will never share your email address with anyone else. About Us American Journal of Biomedical Science & Research (ISSN: 2642-1747) is an Open access online Journal dedicated in advancing the latest scientific knowledge of science, medicine, technology and its related disciplines. Contact info BiomedGrid LLC, 333 City Boulevard West, 17th Floor, Orange, California, 92868, USA +1 (626) 698-0574 catherinenichols@biomedgrid.com Quick Links Home Aim & scope Editorial Committee Open Access Peer Review Process Special Issues Sitemap Join Us Online Submission Register for Editorial Committee Recommended a Librarian Advertise with us Refer a Friend RSS Feed © 2018 BiomedGrid, LLC, All rights reserved. No part of this content may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means as per the standard guidelines of fair use. Creative Commons License Open Access by BiomedGrid, LLC is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Based on a work at www.biomedgrid.com. Best viewed in | Above IE 9.0 version × Track Your Article Enter Manuscript ID * Enter Email * Captcha * Track Article × Advertise with us Name * Enter Email * Message * Captcha * Submit × Refer a Friend Suggested by Name * Enter Email * Referrer Details Name * Enter Email * Captcha * Submit Disseminate your Research today! We offers a wealth of free resources on academic research and publishing. Sign up and get complete access to a vibrant global community of researchers. Login Register Your email Your password Log in If you forgot / lost your password, please click on this link to reset it. Your Name Your email Your password Repeat password Sign up Your email Reset Password Unsubscribed Your request for unsubscribing was successful. Unsubscription will be finalized in next 24 hours. During this time you may receive some previously planned communications. Join as Reviewer We welcome academicians to join our committee Register Here Do you like cookies? We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more I agree