Home - USSL Training Skip to content USSL Training 10:00am - 6:00pm +8801979225074 Facebook Twitter Youtube Menu Home About Us Our Courses BITM COURSES Apps Development Web Design & Development Graphic Design Digital Marketing Galleries Achivements & Awards Contact Slide 1Slide 1 Our pupular Courses Welcome to USSL Training (U S Software Limited), where we take pride in offering the best IT courses in Bangladesh! Our comprehensive range of courses is designed to empower individuals with the skills and knowledge needed to thrive in the rapidly evolving world of information technology. Whether you’re a beginner looking to kickstart your IT journey or a seasoned professional aiming to upskill, we have the perfect courses for you. Best MS Office Course in BangladeshOnline MS Office: Word, Excel & Powerpoint A-Z (BITM Course) No of Class: 15 | Hours : 30 BITM (BASIS) COURSEOnline Training on Modern JavaScript (ES6) No of Class: 12 | Hours : 24 BITM (BASIS) COURSEGraphic & Web UI Design No of Class: 25 | Hours : 50 Best Flutter Course in BangladeshCertified Training on Mastering Flutter for Mobile Apps Development No of Class: 25 | Hours : 50 Best Web Design Course in BangladeshProfessional Web Design &Development With Laravel No of Class: 35 | Hours : 70 Best Digital Marketing Course in BangladeshMastering on Digital Marketing No of Class: 36 | Hours : 72 Best WordPress Course in BangladeshWeb Design & WordPress Theme Customization No of Class: 25 | Hours : 50 WhY USSL Training USSL Training is one of the leading IT Training providers in Southeast Asia with its primary business establishment in Bangladesh. USSL Training offers innovative and efficient one-stop ICT Training, solutions and services which include Network design and installation, Software Development, Web Design & Development, Mobile Apps Development, Graphics design, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Digital Marketing (We provide Best Digital Marketing Course in Bangladesh) and Professional IT Training. The comprehensive range of ICT solutions provided by US Software Ltd. is recognized by enterprise businesses, government organizations, and IT professionals globally. Our Experties Established in 2000 as a company offering Software Development and training services, USSL has since broadened its service portfolio to include custom Software Development, Web Designing, Web Development & Maintenance, IT Consulting & Staffing, Data Processing Services, Search Engine Optimization, Internet Marketing, E-Business Solutions, Content Management and Back Office Support.USSL is Microsoft certified Partner. Our Values USSL Training is a place where you can find your first step to make your dreams come true. The trainer of USSL Training is very much friendly. Connect With Us Have a question or need a query? Please send a message.. U S Software Limited, 69/B, 2nd Floor, Monowara Plaza, Green Road, Panthapath, Dhaka 1205. +8801979225074 info@ussltraining@gmail.com Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Email *Phone *Comment or Message *MessageSubmit Copyright 2019 @ US Software Ltd. Search this website Type then hit enter to search