DOT Media - Functional Internet solutions.Production of websites and online stores.This site uses cookies.If you continue to use the site, we assume that you agree to the use of cookies.Learn more about them and get acquainted with our Cookies (Cookies) Policy here Menu 0879 531505 Home for us What We Make Services Insurance The Website SEO SEO DESIGN WEIYou're like a gray field? We know how!Come color your site too!Your online store is a black screen? We know how!Come color your store too!You need a website? We know how!Come make your site too!We are DOT Media.We have 20 years of experience and over 1500 successful websites in our practice.Basic Services: Development of an online store Individual CMS Read more Website Development Reading More Training and Consultation As well as any web questions, then why choose us?Our company was founded in 2004. We are constantly improving our work, and for each subsequent project we are applying new technologies.They contribute to both the better quality of the finished product and the success of our customers!Our mission is to successfully perform your business on the Internet.That is why we offer a fully completed service as we will take care of everything: we provide a complete guarantee of the projects we have made we determine the exact prices with clear pricing.Excellent value forces and quality adequate technical support for security and reliability of our work in recent years of our joint work, DOT Media have always been able to cope with the technical challenges for the needs of our business! Elmark Holding AD very adequate and in quiteReasonable deadlines, we have received a complete concept for the project, both in terms of technology and its content and functionality ... Office Express Service Ltd. with satisfaction we can note that DOT media did very well with their task, showingHigh professionalism and responsiveness.We are proud to recommend the DOT media to everyone wishing to trust them. ABDMIMVEST Ltd. for us for us a declaration of consent for the processing of personal data.What do we do an online store manufacturing of the SEO logo design training and consultations our customers Privacy Policy Policy Cookies (Cookies) Contacts Contacts E-mail: office@dotmedia.bg Mob.: 0879 531505 Address: Varna Street "Dr. Zhelezkova "40A, fl.3, office 9 Follow us a website from Dotpress © 2015 - 2024 version: V3.73