Makagui - Makagui MAKAGUI FORUM 2023 SOBRE O MAKAGUI DANIEL DAVID HISTÓRIAS DE SUCESSO EMPREENDEDORISMO CONSULTORIA DESENVOLVIMENTO DE CARREIRA TRANSFORMAÇÃO DE VIDA LIDERANÇA LIDERANÇA PESSOAL LIDERAR EQUIPAS INTELIGÊNCIA FINANCEIRA FINANÇAS PESSOAIS AUTONOMIA FINANCEIRA GERAR RIQUEZA MEDIA BLOG VÍDEOS PODCAST CONTACTOS Select Page Full 1 MAKAGUI O Makagui é um projecto inovador e inspirador. É uma iniciativa que visa melhorar a qualidade de vida e a promoção do sucesso pessoal e profissional dos Makagui, tendo em vista a geração de riqueza e a construção de vidas prósperas. O termo Makagui significa irmão, uma pessoa que tem um sentimento especial por outro. Representa alguém com quem partilhamos assuntos mais confidenciais, sem reticências, é um irmão de coração, é um confidente incondicional, com quem podemos compartilhar as nossas forças e as nossas fraquezas. O Makagui inspira-se no percurso pessoal e profissional de Daniel David permitindo a partilha de testemunhos que sirvam de inspiração para gerações mais jovens. ÁREAS DE ACTUAÇÃO EMPREENDEDORISMO LIDERANÇA INTELIGÊNCIA FINANCEIRA Partilha de conhecimento Media Blog Makagui: What does it mean?Makagui: What does it mean?Designed and developed by himself, Daniel David, explains the concept of the brand and vision of the project for the future. Ler Mais Jun 1, 2021 Blog 10 Tips to Start Entrepreneurship Today10 Tips to Start Entrepreneurship TodayWhat attributes are needed to get your business off the ground? Get to know Makagui's 10 Tips! Start entrepreneurship today. Ler Mais May 20, 2021 Blog 10 Dicas para Começar a Empreender Hoje10 Dicas para Começar a Empreender HojeQue atributos são necessários para tirar o seu negócio do papel? Conheca as 10 Dicas do Makagui! Comece a empreender hoje. Ler Mais May 20, 2021 NEWSLETTER Receba conteúdo personalizado sobre empreendedorismo, liderança e inteligência financeira. Leave this field empty if you're human: MAKAGUI Sobre o Makagui Blog Contactos ÁREAS DE NEGÓCIO Empreendedorismo Liderança Inteligência Financeira SIGA-NOS FollowFollowFollowFollow © 2021 MAKAGUI Política de Privacidade | Termos e condições © 2021 MAKAGUI Política de Privacidade | Termos e condições Usamos cookies em nosso site para fornecer a experiência mais relevante, lembrando suas preferências e visitas repetidas. Ao clicar em “Aceitar”, você concorda com o uso de TODOS os cookies.DefiniçõesACEITARManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT