Sculpture Artist in Mumbai | Outdoor statue sculptor | Mural artist Menu Home About us Port Folio Contact Welcome to Sonalli'sSecret Art House Glimpses of work Sonali's Secret Art House contribute to putting India on the map with her amazing artwork. She is one of the finest clay modeling artists who can sculpt, design and build your desired moodscape to produce the exact sculpture that perfectly matches your expectations. Sonali wants to share and educate the importance of sculpture to the public and design sculpture that is meaning to an environment. Figurative Sculptures Sonali is a talented figurative artist whose primary mediums are the clay, bronze sculpture, and drawing. She excels at expressing the character and vitality of the subjects while designing accurate likeness. Her stand-alone pieces use the human figure to explore notions of idealism- and human emotions. Read More Likeness Figures Sonali has always impressed her clients with his jaw-dropping likness figures. By sharing unique sculptures she recognized as one of the prominent contemporary sculpture artists. Read More Historical Figures Sculpturing the models of real heroes is a proud moment in itself. Sonali gives her best to create high-value historical figures that create a higher value ambiance. The way she represents her models in an impactful manner no one can do. Read More Murals Sonali designs the mural paintings that not only stand out of the crowd but also get the huge attention of the crowd. When it comes to designing the murals she thinks out of the box bring into reality. Read More Shortly about me Sonalli Waarang is an Indian artist, portraitist, sculptress & inventor. She is specialized in Figurative Sculptures, Likeness Figures, Clay Modelling, Murals, Ancient Roman Sculptures, Traditional Sculptures, Historical Figures, Religious Art, Contemporary Art, Modern Sculptures, Kinetic Art, Abstract Art, Delicate Sculptures, Monumental Sculptures, Garden Sculptures, Decorative Forms, outdoor public work, installations and her colourful works.Read More Sculpture Traditional Abstract Art Murals Latest Works Quick Contact Mobile: 8149171137, 9421954043 All Copyrights reserved @ Secret Arthouse | Designed by: Santosh Rawool