Pallid Sturgeon Recovery Program – The Upper Basin Pallid Sturgeon Recovery Program Skip to content Menu Home What’s a Pallid Sturgeon? Life History Physical Characteristics Reproduction Related Species Distribution Habitat Evolutionary History Endangered Species Act Endangered Species Act for Pallid Sturgeon When & Why Listing Requirements Administration Recovery Upper Basin Recovery Participants & Partners Threats Population Status Population Augmentation Techniques & Handling What’s New Participants Library Documentary – In Murkey Water Photo Gallery Videos Recovery Effort Contracts and Documentation Contact The Pallid Sturgeon Recovery ProgramAfter a long history of ancestral survival through environmental disruptions, mass extinctions and multiple glaciations of North America, this unique fish, the Pallid Sturgeon, is in murky water both literally and figuratively.By the 1980s few young individuals had been observed in the preceding decade and sightings of older fish were rare. In May of 1988 Mr. Peter Carrels on behalf of the Dacotah Chapter of the Sierra Club petitioned the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service) to list the pallid sturgeon as Endangered under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). Mr. Carrels’ letter and the petition can be found under the Endangered Species Act tab under the heading When and Why.In response to the petition the Service conducted a review of the status and threats to pallid sturgeon. The following known and potential threats that affect the habitat or range of pallid sturgeon were identified: 1) large river habitat alterations, including river channelization, impoundment, and altered flow regimes; 2) water quality; 3) entrainment; and 4) climate change. On September 6, 1990, the Service placed the pallid sturgeon on the endangered species list.In 1993 the Service published the Pallid Sturgeon Recovery Plan. A partnership between Federal, State and local organizations formed to implement the plan. Upper Basin Recovery AreaMiddle Basin-Recovery AreaLower Basin Recovery Area What’s New Upper Basin Pallid Sturgeon Workgroup Annual Meeting March 3-4, 2020 Our annual meeting is fast approaching! We’ll be holding this year’s meeting in Billings, MT March 3-4, 2020 at the Northern Hotel 19 N. Broadway, Billings, MT 59101; 406-867-6767 Read More » Evaluation Plan for the Pallid Sturgeon Conservation and Propagation and Stocking Program- Final Prepared by Region 6 Fish and Aquatic Conservation and Ecological Services, 2019 Evaluation Plan for the Pallid Sturgeon PDF for view and download Read More » Final Pallid Sturgeon Basin-Wide Contaminants Assessment This report is available as a pdf to view or download- Final Pallid Sturgeon Basin-Wide Contaminants Assessment Read More » « Previous Next » ©2024 Upper Missouri River Basin Pallid Sturgeon Recovery Working Group Website by Media Works, LLC</a.