arabia-institut – arabia-institut Skip to content arabia-institut arabia-institut ☰ Home Infographics Maps scale coronavirus Random Post Privacy Policy Newsletter close Search for: Type to search: Search for: Recent Posts Taiwan revamps military training for reserves amid China pressure UN chief visits Colombia ahead of FARC peace deal anniversary Suspect in Wisconsin car ramming faces five counts of homicide US: Jury awards $25m in damages for Unite the Right violence Walmart, CVS, Walgreens helped fuel US opioid crisis, jury finds Recent CommentsA WordPress Commenter on Hello world!Archives November 2021 July 2021 June 2021 May 2021 April 2021 Categories apportionment banana Bloomberg Bob Ross Border Crisis carbon census chart types choice cities climate change CNN Coding color Connor Rothschild constraints coronavirus Data Sharing Data Underload Dave Merrill documentary election energy Erin Davis Euro 2020 Ever Given Financial Times game Garrett Dash Nelson ggplot2 glaciers Google government Guardian happiness humor Infographics Jon Packles Krist Wongsuphasawat land LEGO makeup Maps marriage migration neighborhood Neil Halloran New York Times News Niko Kommenda noise pandemic particles Peter Thiel Politics privacy ProPublica Pudding R rain representation Reuters Roth IRA roundup Sam Learner satellite imagery scale search Self-surveillance short film slowdown soccer space Statistical Visualization Suez Canal taxes temperature The Process Tulsa Race Massacre Tutorials Uncategorized uncertainty United Kingdom Upshot USPS vaccination variant Veronica Penney voting Washington Post water work world Meta Log in Entries feed Comments feed WordPress.org UN chief visits Colombia ahead of FARC peace deal anniversary Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb Violence persists in parts of Colombia despite 2016 deal that ended decades of conflict between gov’t and FARC rebels. Posted in News Taiwan revamps military training for reserves amid China pressure Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb Taiwan faces questions about whether its reserves are capable of actual fighting in the event of a Chinese invasion. Posted in News Walmart, CVS, Walgreens helped fuel US opioid crisis, jury finds Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb The pharmacies failed to create legally mandated monitoring systems to detect illegitimate prescriptions, the jury said. Posted in News US: Jury awards $25m in damages for Unite the Right violence Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb White nationalist leaders and groups ordered to pay damages over deadly violence at 2017 rally in Charlottesville. Posted in News Suspect in Wisconsin car ramming faces five counts of homicide Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb US prosecutors say a sixth person, a child, has died after an SUV drove into a Christmas parade on Sunday. Posted in News Connecticut Parents Claim Schools Teach Kindergarteners About Transgenderism Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb Connecticut parents claimed a school district is indoctrinating elementary school students about transgenderism, including with a book for kindergarteners. Officials of the West Hartford Public Schools told parents that they could not opt out from the materials, according to a release from advocacy group Parents Defending Education. The reading list for kindergarteners included the book “Introducing […] Posted in Politics Biden’s Pick for FTC Commissioner Called ICE ‘Out-of-Control Domestic Surveillance’ Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb President Joe Biden’s nominee to fill the empty seat on the Federal Trade Commission has a history of opposing immigration authorities’ use of data to enforce the law. Alvaro Bedoya, a Georgetown Law professor and privacy advocate who is scheduled to have his committee nomination hearing Wednesday, is a staunch proponent of limiting the ability of immigration […] Posted in Border Crisis, Politics This Is Not Your Father’s Normal Democratic Party Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb The Democratic Party’s so-called moderates have had it with Reps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y.; Ilhan Omar, D-Minn.; Rashida Tlaib, D-Mich.; and other members of the “squad.” These “centrists” are laboring to separate themselves semantically from these neo-Marxists, although their differences end there. These “middle of the road” Democrats call themselves “normal.” If they keep parroting that […] Posted in Politics Left-Leaning Commission Calls on Biden Administration to Develop Strategy to Counter ‘Disinformation’ Posted on November 24, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb A commission made up of mostly left-leaning figures recommended Monday that the White House counter the spread of disinformation and “dangerous conspiracy theories online.” The Aspen Institute Commission on Information Disorder released a number of recommendations Monday, which included calling upon the Biden administration to have an “apolitical team” develop a national strategy to tackle the issue. […] Posted in Politics Historical context for the heat in the Pacific Northwest Posted on July 2, 2021 By YdW3vQZiKb It’s been hot in the Pacific Northwest the past few days. NYT’s The Upshot plotted the temperatures against previous max temperatures since 1979. Hot. Tags: climate change, temperature, Upshot Posted in climate change, Statistical Visualization, temperature, Upshot Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 next Copyright All Rights Reserved Theme by Aarambha Themes. Home Infographics Maps scale coronavirus Random Post Privacy Policy Newsletter