0422 -6562955 cbec_sjsvm@yahoo.in login Home About Us Our school Management team Principal Message Academic Kinder Garten Primary & Secondary Higher Secondary Admissions Application Form for KG Application Form for Primary & Secondary Application Form for Higher Secondary Facilities Computer Lab Science Lab Math Lab Art & Craft Room Smart Board Library Transportation Prime India Clinic Co-curricular Yoga Karate Art & craft Sports Mass drill Balvikas Vedic Maths RSP NCC Rules & Regulations Gallery Achievements Important Info Career Contact Us best-Matric-school-coimbatore-Sri-Jayendra-Saraswathy-Vidyalaya-CBSC-Ramanathapuram, Ondipudur, singanallur, airport, peelamedu, sulur, nkpalayam, Pattanam Previous Next News & Events ABOUT OUR SCHOOL Sri Jayendra Saraswathy Vidyalaya Matric Hr.Sec.School was started in the year 1980 by our beloved management trustee Mrs. Dhanalakshmi Jayachandran who is a visionary and it was her dream to give education to the underprivileged as there were no English medium schools in this area. She has been a guiding force behind the success and reputation of this prestigious institution. Our dynamic correspondent Mrs. MythreyiPriya Arun who is very innovative and brings in new programmes for the upliftment of our school SCHOOL PROGRAMS GRAMMAR PROGRAMS learn or refine their mastery of key grammar concepts like parts of speech, comma usage, and contractions Learn More ART PROGRAMS Art is the ability to create things apart from nature, the skillful adaptation, application of knowledge for communication and exploration purpose. Learn More SOCIAL PROGRAMS Students with disabilities are more successfully integrated into mainstream classrooms when they are taught social skills Learn More AFTER SCHOOL ACTIVITIES Balance's after-school yoga classes focus on teaching children yoga basics including poses, sequences, and yoga breathing. Learn More FACILITIES Computer Lab Maths Lab Art & Craft Room Co-Curricular Room Science Lab Library Transport PARENTS TESTIMONIALS Students and Parents Club This school is perfect for my son. He has improved dramatically not only in his studies, but also in his overall health. He is more outgoing, likes to do his classwork, and is more motivated to do his classwork. This school is the best of the best. The school has always offered a variety of activities and my child feels safe, secure and enjoys a well-balanced approach to education. The school provides so many opportunities and is very inclusive to all children The curriculum challenges my students without being so hard that they can’t figure it out. In the end, they are prouder and have better self-esteem because their hard work has paid off.I believe the whole curriculum is great. CONTACT US Sri Jayendra Saraswathy Vidyalaya Matric Higher Secondary School 182, SIHS Colony Road, Singanallur,Coimbatore-5, Tamilnadu. 0422 658 5107 +91 83002 94718 cbec_sjsvm@yahoo.in Copyright ©2017 Sri Jayendra Institutions Web Solutions:Media Wonderz