Emirates Research Publishing Toggle navigation Demo and Real Emirates Research publishing International Helpline : 1(415)8303744Top Winners pub@ERPub.org ER’s Associates Emirates Association of Computer, Electrical & Electronics Engineers EACEEE.ORG Emirates Association of Chemical, Biological & Environment Engineers EACBEE.ORG Emirates Association of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineers EAMAE.ORG Emirates Association of Arts and Management Professionals EAAMP.ORG Latest News Jan. 17,2015: Emirates Association of Chemical, Biological & Environment Engineers Read More Jan. 14,2015: Emirates Association of Computer, Electrical & Electronics EngineersRead More Jan. 11,2015: Emirates Association of Mechanical and Aeronautical EngineersRead More Jan. 10,2015: Emirates Association of Arts and Management ProfessionalsRead More Welcome to ERPub Emirates Research Publishing (ERPUB) is a registered international scientific association of distinguished researchers and scholars in various fields of Science, Engineering and Management. Its members include research and development center heads, faculty deans, department heads, professors, research scientists, engineers, scholars, experienced software development directors, managers and engineers, university postgraduate and undergraduate Science, Engineering and Management students, etc. The mission of ERPUB is to foster and conduct collaborative interdisciplinary research in state-of-the-art methodologies and technologies within its areas of expertise. ERPUB organizes conferences, workshops, and provides sponsor or technical support to conferences and workshops. It also have related with high quality academic international journals in Science, Engineering and Management. ERPUB seeks to encourage regional and international communication and collaboration; promote professional interaction and lifelong learning; recognize outstanding contributions of individuals and organizations; encourage scholar researchers to pursue studies and careers in Science, Engineering and Management. We also welcome research that highlights successful modern applications of that, such as Agriculture, Biomedicine, Bioinformatics, Business, Chemical, Yahoo Mail Login, Environment, Education, E-Learning, Geography, Mathematics and Physics. All papers in our conference proceedings will be published with ISBN numbers and will be submitted to the major indexing services for indexing. ERPUB will try to provide the services of the exchanging of worldwide education and culture. ERPUB prepares, promotes, arranges, organizes, implements and conducts international academic visiting and learning tours to various countries with issuing the invitation letter for visa of those countries and arranging the programs of visiting, meeting and tours. JOIN Newsletter / Conference Alerts Associates of ERPUB Emirates Association of Computer, Electrical & Electronics Engineers (eaceee.org) Emirates Association of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineers (eamae.org) Emirates Association of Chemical, Biological & Environment Engineers (eacbee.org) Emirates Association of Arts and Management Professionals (eaamp.org) Home About ERPub ERPub Press Paper Submission Partners Keynote Speakers Membership News Committees Event Photos Education FAQs Proceedings Situs Slot Gacor Registration ERPUB's EMINENT COMMITTEE MEMBERS Message Welcome to the official website of Emirates Research Publishing (ERPUB). Our motive is to serve as an association to stimulate and guide researchers to formulate the general goals and responsibilities to build the research and development activities in the field of Science, Engineering & Management to act as contributors for the benefit of mankind. Associated Events eaceee.org eacbee.org eamae.org eaamp.org Quick Links Home About ERPUB ERPUB Press Partners Disclaimer The content of the website is subject to change. The information on hyper linked or referred to web sites is neither investigated nor analyzed by the conference organizers. No warranty or representation, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or completeness of that information. In no event will the conference organizers accept any liability with regard to the information contained in this web site or any other hyper linked or referred to web sites. Contact UAE : +97 1528299493 Skype : erpub.org IND : +91 8699350603 Follow Us © 2014 ERPUB.ORG. All Rights Reserved.