Zelo Technology Solutions Menu Home Services About Us Vision Contact Welcome To Zelo Technology Solution - Web & Mobile App Developement - Facility (Office) IT Management Services - Remote IT Infrastructure Management - Services (On-Prem & Cloud) - Cyber Security Solution & Services Home Zelo Technology Solutions provides creative Information Technology Solutions to its clients. We have an innovative and dedicated team enabling us in catering to client’s each and every requirement. We believe in doing the best and our motto is Perfection, Persistence and Perseverance. ZTS has been actively providing its services to clients from various sectors i.e Govt. Sector, Retail, Construction, Media etc. Our motto is to provide value to the Customer and bring in efficency and proficiency in the Business Model. We take care of our IT Requirement and develop product which support Business Requirement and result in profits. Why choose us? We guarantee, we can offer you the best services and pricing in the industry. We give personal attention to every client by understanding their desired requirements We work hard to offer you the right Solution with quality and in faster turn around time. We provide assessment of your IT requirement and consult you for the best solution which suite your requirement. We have experience in developing and supporting products in SaaS and PaaS model bringing higher availability and performance. Our Services Website Services (Static & Dynamic) Website Workflow Creation UI (Look And Feel Designing) Website Development Domain Registration & Hosting Services Support and Maintaince Android App Services (Stand-alone & Integrated) Workflow Creation UI (Look And Feel Design) App Development Application Hosting Services Support and Maintaince Facility (Office) Management Services Helpdesk Management Vendor Management Desktop Management Asset Management Anitivirus Management Printer Management Data Center IT Support & Administration Services (*L1 Support for Application and triaging issue in coordination with Application Team) IT Assessment IT Service Management Infrastration Monitoring & Reporting Server Administration and Support Active Directory Administration and Support DFS & File Server Administration and Support Exchange and Office 365 Administration and Support Desktop Administration Tool Management *Application Server Support Cyber Security Solution & Services Endpoint Protection Web Security Email Security Email Examiner DLP Privliege Access Management Vulnerability Assessment & Management Security Awareness Program About Zelo Technology Solutions was established in 2019 in Pune, India to provide innovative technical solutions to the Retail, Media and Banking sectors. We have established a solid track record of enabling our clients’ success through technical expertise combined with flexibility. ZTS's team consists of seasoned professionals in their field of expertise that strive to the highest standards of professionalism, quality, and customer service Our team has develivered many projects in short span of time with quality and effective workflows. We have provided services from very start step of documenting business workflow, creating frameworks, right technology selection, Robust scalable DB design and a eye catching UI design. Vision Our vision is to be a trusted provider of cost effective, agile, and reliable technical services to the energy and technology sectors through integrity, quality, and flexibility. Understanding client needs We try to empathize our client needs, which let us to provide the best possible combination of the skills required for a job which will ultimately lead to the growth of our client, as the human capital is the base of any for a wealthy organization. Instant match The inevitable effort of our team which makes us unique is matching the client requirement and candidate skill set, let us provide best manpower, the understanding of candidates interest level and the skills set over a call is enough to identify the best possible pool of candidate for a particular requirement. Focus on quality The main focus of our team is to provide quality services which is only possible by working efficiently and effectively, which is possible by these reasons – one and the most important is the effective communication and other is the expertise of our recruiter to identify the talent. Strong, abiding relationships We bond ourselves with our client’s for a long and abiding relationship, our expertise and command to accurately counsel industry talent, enables us to create a strong impact and help us to build strong and abiding relationships with our clients. Bounded time frame The most important consideration is the timeframe, to let our client’s work without any delay. We use the latest technology to pick the best available talent on board. This helps us pace up the hiring process and deploy the talent and make most use of the time. Location Magarpatta City, Pune Contact us Mobile: +919021930571 Email: info@ztsdigital.com Around the Web ZTSDigital 2019 © Copyright All Rights Reserved.