Trusted and qualified industrial civil contractors in Chennai Home Profile Projects Services Our Clients Testimonials Contact Us Lasting legacy Meeting lifestyles of urban families and setting new horizons in residential and commercial living. Setting new benchmarks Premium lifestyles adopting new development strategies that are time tested. Rendering Credibility Our path to success is built on customer credibility and rivaled customer service. Sustainable solutions for life Providing lasting building solutions adhering to strict quality standards to promote premier living space. Steered by excellence Our path to success is built on customer credibility and rivaled customer service. Profile CECON a proprietorship company then, founded in 1984 is a construction contracting company catering to the construction of residential, commercial and industrial segments. Its proprietor A.Esubu started his career as construction site engineer after completing his Engineering qualification. Having acquired the required technical expertise and field experience, he undertook contracts under the proprietorship company CECON. Cecon Foundations Private Limited was formed in 2011 in order to acquire a corporate status and business activities are being carried on in this name since then. View More Projects Completed Projects AR Emerald and AR Marina are a perfect blend of design and comfort created using the best in class construction techniques. View More Current Projects We have recreated luxury in our current projects AR Auris and Palavakkam, giving a new definition to your housing dream. View More Upcoming Projects Our upcoming projects are created using innovative design elements complementing the taste of our clients. View More Services Cecon is built on reputation; quality and safety is our top priority. We are leaders in foundation design and unique construction techniques. We handle single house foundations and multi-unit developments. For us no project is big or small, we treat every customer with respect and courtesy. We offer complete construction package right from approvals to post construction cleaning. We design solutions that fit your specification and budget. Our talented and dedicated team are experts in delivering technically complex projects within strict deadlines. We also undertake exceptional adaptations for special ground conditions. Come make a beginning for a healthy relationship. View More Our clients View More Testimonials Foundation work can be very demanding and we are happy that we choose Cecon. They are true professionals and are well adept in technical knowhow. Their team of well equipped and qualified technicians ensured that work was completed within deadline. Great work guys! Thanks! Nisha Pillai, Ambattur View More Contact Us Type Your Message W-393, First Floor, School Road, Anna Nagar West Extn, Chennai - 600 101 Tel: 044-4350 6834 | Mobile:+91 99629 03000 | Email: info@ceconfoundations.com Number of Visitors © . Cecon Foundations. All Rights Reserved