Home | Johnson Partners Skip to main content JP Wealth Client Payments Contact Us Hit enter to search or ESC to close Close Search search Menu Services Industries Meet our People About Us Careers News search Making your financial journey a successful and rewarding one At Johnson Partners, we have delivered tailored accounting and business advisory services with a personal touch for over four decades. Navigate to the next section Our passion, your success Reaching your financial potential through our tailored business advice and solutions. Our Services Accounting Business Advisory Taxation & Compliance Self-Managed Superannuation Funds A Collaborative & Tailored Approach We take pride in our relationships with clients, placing them at the heart of everything we do. Our team of highly knowledgeable advisors works diligently to deliver superior service through a tailored and collaborative approach. We consistently strive to offer the highest quality advice, support, and industry insight, assisting our clients to achieve their goals of success now and in the future. Learn more Industries We Serve Franchisees Hospitality Property Development & Construction Entertainment Private Clients & Family Offices Learn more Meet Our People Providing expert advice tailored to you Claude Saliba Claude is a Partner at Johnson Partners who focusses on Franchisees and SMEs. Claude joined Johnson Partners in 1994, bringing with him a wealth of knowledge in taxation planning and compliance. Read more Con Moshopoulos Con, a Partner at Johnson Partners, specialises in advising high-net-worth individuals who typically hold senior management positions and directorships of publicly listed groups, as well as property development businesses, encompassing both residential and commercial sectors. Read more Theo Rigopoulos Theo joined Johnson Partners in 2004 as a Partner, specialising in taxation matters. He predominately advises SMEs and high-net-worth individuals, and possesses significant expertise in relation to the property and entertainment industries. Read more Learn more about our team Latest News Read Johnson Partners latest news, financial reports, and recent activities. View all FilterAllAt JPATOBusinessesCultureIndividualsSuperannuation ATOBusinessesATO Client-to-Agent Linking Program BusinessesSuperannuationSuperannuation Increases to 11% as of July 1 Careers Time to make an impact At Johnson Partners, we provide a supportive and engaging space for you to learn and thrive. Engage in our vibrant culture, tap into expert training and mentoring opportunities, and work closely with top-tier clients – all while carving out your clear path of progression. We’re the perfect place to kickstart or accelerate your journey toward success. Discover what you can achieve Students & Graduates Empowering your development We value the growth of our people and are here to support you on your career journey. Join us in making an impact – your career begins now. Find out more Experienced Professionals Empowering to succeed We can provide you with an array of exciting and rewarding professional opportunities to help you reach your goals. Take your career to the next level with us. Find out more We strive to offer the highest quality advice, support, and industry insight, assisting our clients to achieve their goals of success now and in the future. Connect Contact Us Location Meet Our People Client Payments Join Us Careers Students Professionals Search Jobs Contact our HR team Legal Privacy Policy & Disclaimer © 2024 Johnson Partners | Our passion, your success. created with twinmoonstudio Close Menu Services Industries Meet our People About Us Careers News JP Wealth Client Payments Contact Us