Home - Heartland Macs & AM/PM Technology HEARTLAND MACS Our Team Plans & Services Drop Off Services Contact Us Supporting 5000+ Devices a DayOur track record has been proven over and over again.Project Services ConsultationPC and Mac ExpertsOur track record has been proven over and over again.GET COMPUTER REPAIR RESIDENTIAL TECHQuick, hassle free fixes and servicesLearn more about all the computer services we offer.LEARN MORE REQUEST QUOTEPreviousNext OUR SERVICES Offering computer services that will meet all your residential and business needs. Repairs | Upgrades We identify your problem and supply an up-to-date industry leading fix. Ask about our hardware upgrades. Software or hardware we have a fix. Installs | Backups Software installs and migrations can be a head ache. This is the language we speak. Always prepare for disaster and backup your data! Ask about our backup services and solutions. Managed Services Cloud services, email hosting, file servers, cyber security, networks small or big, asset management, VoIP, we do it all. Get a quote today! Remote Support Work safe and smart with our remote support help. Virtual meetings, team messaging systems, and more. IT Consulting Deploy scalable, up-to-date industry leading solutions. We can help with any project, big or small. Protect Anti-Virus Keep your devices safe from the ever growing threats that inevitably come with using any technology and service. Experts from A to Z Have a computer issue? We have a solution with a proven track record. Since 2012, we've provided IT support for over 8,000 residents and businesses. Our technicians are fluent in anything tech. 21000 Completed Jobs and Projects 9800 Satisfied Customers 4020 Daily Supported Users 37 Cities's & States we Support The formula for a perfect fix We're positioned in the heart of Kansas City. If you're looking for a trusted technology partner contact Heartland Macs today for any and all of your IT support needs. Request Help Two Locations: Kansas City:322 Southwest Blvd.,Kansas City, MO 64108 Contact: Email: info@heartlandmacs.com Phone: 816.361.2676 Lawrence, KS:725 N 2nd StLawrence, KS 66044 Connect:facebook.com/heartlandmacs © Copyright 2023 Heartland Macs - All Rights Reserved - Sitemap