Sky Voice | Voice Broadcasting Home Features Demos Faqs Pricing Toll : +91-8428344444 Login Register Your Account Your Name Email Id Mobile Number City Promo Code (optional) One Way Voice Calls Two Way Voice Calls Create Account Create Account Send Voice campaign Press #1 to show interest. Gets desired filtered results. Promote and get profits 43% Get Demo Call Verify Demo Call 1 Create A/C Step One Create Account Create your account in voice broadcasting. 2 Setup Step Two Setup You can setup your voice broadcasting service. 3 Launching Step Three Launching You can launch your personalized voice broadcasting service. 4 Sale Step Four Finish :) Thank you. you have finished you service and you can sale your products. www.voicebroadcast.in Improve Bottom Line Of Your Business Do more with less. automated calls help businesses on a day to day basis to send important alerts, promotions, updates, and notifications to customers, employees, voters, and more. Our new streamlined process lets you quickly pick your sender, receiver, and send your message in minutes. One Way Voice Calls This is Sam. He needs to send a voice message to his customers. He records message and system sends the message to the contacts. Customer listens the audio message. Sam gets the report. This is Sam. He needs to send a voice message to his customers. He records message and system sends the message to the contacts. Customer listens the audio message. Two Way Voice Calls This is David. He needs to send voice campaign, but he only wants interested leads. He sends personalized message and prompts customers press #1 to show interest. Customers press #1 and call disconnects. David gets desired results with potential leads. This is John. He only needs the customers who want to speak to him. He sends personalize message and prompts customers press #2 to speak an agent. Customers connect with a live agent. How Interactive Voice Broadcasting Can Be Beneficial For You? High ROI Interactive voice broadcasting helps you to make more than 300% return on investment. Personal Touch Create a personal touch with every person you reach and encourage for an action. Web-based Platform Hardware is painful. Software is powerful. Web-based platform will do the work for you. It's Measurable You can measure the things. Track and analyze your reports to improve your next campaign. Political Campaigns Easiest and cost-effective way to reach all voters with your custom message. It makes difference. Lead Generation It’s a best way to generate mature and qualified leads with minimum investment. Start Today Now Voice Broadcasting Features Press Key 1 Send a personalized message and prompts people to press #1 to show their interest. Receiver can press 1 and call will automatically be disconnected. Rescheduled The Campaign You can resend your voice campaign to your contacts who didn’t answer, busy, failed, congestion, timeout ring and more. Choose the element and resend it. Automate The Campaign You want to send your campaign in the next morning. Just schedule your campaign on specific date and time and the automated system will send your campaign. Import Contacts Import all of your contact number in few seconds. The Smart system will filter all your contacts, remove duplicate and invalid numbers automatically. Voice Caller ID You can use your mobile number as caller ID. You can also get a unique and customizable caller ID. Improve your presence and engagement rate. Voice Campaign Summary and Reports As soon as the call is completed, we’ll update the report of each number. Track the performance of your voice campaign in real-time. High Speed 10000 concurrent calls at once. It allows you to reach a large number of people just in seconds. Make your campaign effective and generate leads. Speak to Live Agent Your voice message gives the recipient an option of speaking to a live agent. It allows you to focus on callers who WANT to speak to you. Previous Next Choose Our Pricing Plans Our packages cover many clients with its Affordable Pricing Plans, special pricing packages for high volume. One Way Voice Calls 1500 Per License Voice Credit 10000 Validity 1 Year Free Updates No Landing Number Monthly updates 24x7 Support Purchase Now Popular Two Way Voice Calls 4999 Per License Voice Credit Unlimited Validity 1 Month Free Updates 1 Landing Number * Monthly updates 24x7 Support Purchase Now Extended 2500 Per License Voice Credit Unlimited Validity 1 Month Free Updates 1 Landing Number Monthly updates 24x7 Support Purchase Now Ready to Get Started? Login Sky Voice Technology is an initiative towards making call management easy for small and medium sized organizations. It understands how management of phone calls can directly impact customer service. About Home Features Faq Clients Social Facebook Twitter linkedin Youtube Support Help & Support Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions More Info Pricing For Marketing For Agencies Our Apps 2019 © SKYVOICE Design by skyvoice technologies Social :