Matsikidze Attorneys-At-Law Matlaw House, 20 Wembley Crescent, Eastlea, Harare Get in touch: +263 (024) 279 9861 Home About Articles News Services Team Gallery Contact X Matsikidze Attorneys at Law Welcome to Matsikidze Attorneys-At-Law. We are jealously committed to delivering quality and cost-effective legal services by giving our world class lawyers to you our most valued clients. Contact Us #Improving lives, helping families Be Heard Differently We believe in bridging gender disparities through the legal system and are therefore focused on gender issues with a bias on women issues, divorce, maintenance and custody cases Global Investment, Commercial and Labour Law We proudly offerBest Services We are internationally recognised for excellence in the following areas of law practice and advisory: labour litigation; arbitration alternative dispute resolution and many more. Read More a full member of the Law Society of Zimbabwe Matsikidze Attorneys-at-Law We are a firm with more than 13 years in practice. Matsikidze Attoneys-at-Law is committed to delivering innovative, quality and cost-effective legal services to our diversified clients. QUALITY ASSURANCE POLICY Our Reputation The words our clients and the public use to describe us are professional, courteous, efficient, capable, committed and inclusive. We are open to all persons of all kinds and backgrounds. We are known for delivering innovative, quality and cost-effective legal services to all diverse clients. Client focused Services view more Conveyancing, Notarial, Practice and Deceased Estates, and Estates Planning(CNDP) We advice on property acquisition and development and further prepare the requisite instruments to necessitate the acquisition... Read More Corporate, Commercial, Tax, Intellectual Property & Banking Law(CCTIPB) There are various ways to do business. While you as our client undertakes to carry on with your... Read More Get in touch with us Contact: +263 (024) 279 9861 Social Media Handle: Corporate Social Responsibility Matsikidze Foundation Our Creed We are a responsible corporate citizen and we support a lot of institutions who aim at impacting lives. In addition, through our Matsikidze Foundation International (MFI), we pay school fees for orphaned talented children.We support the preaching of the word to remote areas and communities. We believe in the word of God and we do work for all persons without regard to their religion.Our hope is pinned on these scriptures: Isaiah 46 v 10, 55-8 & 9 and Colossians 3 v 23. Sylvain Maréchal (1788) There Is No Lawyer More Eloquent Than the Heart. Sylvain Maréchal (1788) There Is No Lawyer More Eloquent Than the Heart. About Company Matsikidze Attorneys-At-Law is committed to delivering innovative, quality and cost-effective legal services to all diversified clients. Our legal solutions are tailor-made to suit our clients’ needs. Our culture of Excellence and Commitment is pinned to the values of inclusivity, diversity, openness, efficiency, transparency and confidentiality. Services International Trade & Investment(ITAI) Family, Women Gender and Criminal Law Constitutional and Administrative Corporate, Commercial, Tax, Intellectual Property & Banking Law(CCTIPB) Matlaw, 20 Wembley Crescent, Eastlea, Harare +263 (024) 279 9861 info@matsikidzelaw.com ©2023, Matlaw. All Rights Reserved. Accreditated to