Electrical Trading Company | Electrical Equipment Suppliers Projects Products Solutions Careers Contact Transfigure Energy to Empower You Delivering world-class technology that meets growing energy and industrial demands. Local ReachTrading company with local knowledge, local understanding, and local connections, we have the experience and ability to interpret your needs to help boost your brand image and market share. Innovative Products & SolutionsBy forecasting market movements, we are able to align and facilitate manufacturers to design client-focused, best-in-class products, and solutions while reducing operational costs and maximizing efficiency. PT&DContracting of Power Transmission & Distribution (PT&D) business offers leading integrated solutions and end-to-end services ranging from design, manufacture, supply, and construction to commissioning overhead high voltage transmission lines, substations and distribution projects. Solutions ExpertOur philosophy is to ensure that the most efficient and appropriate solutions are given to everything we do through our comprehensive portfolio, a wealth of knowledge, and understanding of the local market. Experience3 decades, 20,000,000 man-hours, 300 completed projects and counting, 35 product categories, 264 product groups, and 80,000 line items, 500 suppliers & 700 clients we know what it takes. RecognitionOur employees, clients, and partners have helped make us the company that we are for which we are thankful. We are equally grateful that our performance is backed with local endorsements, corporate certifications and awards.Show AllProjectsProductsSolutionsShow All Projects Products Solutions About Our Company We began in Muscat in 1987 as part of the Ali Mirza Group with a simple yet powerful mission: to transfigure energy to empower you. Today, we’re still 100% dedicated to delivering world-class technology that meets the growing energy and industrial demands within Oman but we are aware that the world is changing which is why we are putting our decades of knowledge and understanding into giving you the choice the way power is made by embracing green energy into our portfolio. The strategy that we implement in the coming years will focus on three priorities: Accelerate organic growth to gain market share, Innovate selectivity in capital allocation and reduce indebtedness and, Improve operational and financial performance. Know More Our Team Hani Ali Mohammed Mirza Managing Director It's a time of phenomenal change in the world and this brings in giant opportunity. The Industries will change more in this decade than in the previous century. Trade links & Services (TLS) has & will embrace these changes to empower Oman. Our core competencies and strategic assets have challenged conventions, valued unrecognized trends by pioneering and leveraging innovation. Enriched productive minds at TLS have eliminated regional obstacles to ensure customer solutions. Connectivity, electrification & creativity links people and society, making lives easier and more convenient, TLS delivers this as a part of ‘in country value’ today for a better future and our next generations. Tariq Ali Mohammed Mirza Director He is a graduate Engineer in Electronics & Electrical (Hons.) from Glasgow University, UK with a Masters degree in Electrical / Electronics Engineering (Specialization in computers) and Master in Business Administration (MBA). He actively takes part in the day to day works of civilco and other group companies. His acumen ship and professionalism in all spheres is proven, as a result of which companies are surging ahead. Magdy Abu Farag Chief Executive Officer Meet Our Team Ability to provide practical solutions to our clients is crucial; it is the key to holistic solutions. For TLS, the future lies within Engineering Procurement & Construction. It's a consolidation of a smart solution, materials, and engineering, rationally moving together towards innovative manufacturing and electro-mechanical end products. This work demands energy now more than ever and so must be engineered for efficiency. Thus, arises the need to sustain today to be profitable tomorrow. Our personnel are pillars in TLS success. They turn everyday problems into possible realizations through process ownership. In the next five years, we would like to replicate our growth & add-value to Oman’s market by diversifying and empowering our TLS family first, the nation, the clients, and the stakeholders for a better future. Fahad Al Subhi Chief Human Resource Officer We have opportunities presently and earlier to deliver on our passion through extraordinary growth in Oman & at TLS. We are a key player in Oman, meeting client expectation. Our division works to meet the diversity and well-being by hiring or recruiting. Retaining talented and diverse staff, creating a welcoming & empowering culture of respect and inclusion. Our team hails from 10 countries and speak 15 Languages with incredible breadth & depth of experience in our line of work. Meet Our Team Meet Our Team Transfigure energy to empower you TLS emerged as one of the leading EPC Contractors in the field of Electrical, Instrumentation and Civil for Power sector in Oman. FINISHED PROJECTS Visit Projects Our OfferingProject TLS has involvements in Power Generation, Transmission and Distribution projects. Contracting Division has grown to become an important business unit within. We initiated activities with the execution of energy transmission and distribution projects. TLS keep abreast with the ever-increasing sophistication of equipment and systems, has an impressive references list covering 300 projects. TLS emerged as one of the leading EPC Contractors in the field of Electrical, Instrumentation, and Civil for Power sector in Oman.We developed and diversified in the field of EPC with renowned end-user projects from OETC, MZEC, RAEC, MJEC, MEDC, DPC, RCA –DIWAN.We execute Electrical projects in a professional manner, meeting stringent work specification. Adhere to QHSE standards within a given time schedule. Read moreProductWe ensure optimum performance, products and solutions, offer a broad range of national and international brand. Currently 35 active product categories with 80000 products. Our Product family includes Electrical equipment, Cable and accessories, Over Head Line accessories, waterproofing, firefighting, lighting solutions, and integrated systems. TLS provides customized equipment and services to professionals engaged in the construction, renovation, and maintenance of energy management. This helps our customers to optimize their processes and maximize energy performance. TLS innovative products and solutions backed by a dedicated, responsive and dependable team. Read more Solution Solutions is responsible for the design, installation, operation and monitoring of the technical services in buildings to make them comfortable, functional, efficient and safe. TLS play a central role in contributing to the design of our solutions, in terms of overall strategies and standards to be achieved, and in façade, internal and external engineering. The weights, sizes, and location of all equipment, the position of vertical risers, routes for the distribution of horizontal services, drainage, energy sources, sustainability and so on. Design from an early stage, particularly on complex building projects. Ensuring that building services meet the standards set and manage customer expectation. Read more Client TestimonialsTLS has a wide range of clients in all industry sectors in Oman. Our clients have been with us for more than 15 years and they rave about our pioneering enterprise, project executions, innovative products, and expert solutions levels. You can read their written testimonials hereI have worked with them in the last 4 decades, both with Trade links & Services and Civilco. Through them, we executed several projects. Trade Links and Services has also been a major supplier for OETC. Recently the excellent execution in substation at Braka & Khadra, Jabreen. Quality of work is commendable and the commitment and cooperation from the management to the field team has always been appreciated. This kind of partnership should continue with OETC. There is a lot of room for more cooperation between your company and ours. Ali Said Nasser Al HadabiCEO, Oman Electricity Transmission CompanyOperating a company that trade and contracts across multiple verticals is complex and challenging. What has impressed us the most in Trade Links and Services dealings with all utilities and private firms as a partner, it is always delivered to the very highest standard and, crucially, I feel they are very much part of our team. Also when we've expanded into renewable energy we are able to find them a suitable partner to build such systems within Oman.Hilal Said Al HadiHead of Studies & Research, Muscat Electricity Distribution CompanyWhat I really liked about Trade Links & Services there fast response, expertise & support provide by them, The team is agile & highly skilled, manage their projects perfectly as we need to meet our goals for success. we will continue to partner with them and recommend them to others.Masoud Salam Al ReyamCOO, Oman Electricity Transmission CompanyProtection EquipmentTLS undertakes new build or maintain client asset by industry standard and specialized equipment for client applications. We have tested them in the toughest working conditions and track fuel-efficiency and cutting-edge technology enables performance and delivery. Our company-owned Equipment inventory is another way we can control project costs and ensure optimal safety. It’s a priority to keep our equipment in top condition, following superior maintenance procedures. Integrated Management System(IMS)ISO 9001:2015ISO 14001:2015ISO 45001:2018In Accordance to IMS we have combined all related components of a business into one system for easier management and operations. We are ISO 9001:2015 certified and have developed a set of policies, processes and procedures required for planning and execution in construction activities. TLS office, workplace and site are committed in determines and continuously improves an environmental position and performance. We set out objective and goals each year and achieve the intended outcomes to provide value for the environment, and for our future generations. TLS provides our team a detailed framework of health and safety risk identified, control measures and reduce occupational risks and likelihood of accidents within the workplace and at site. Compliance to our HSE standards are mandatory. Click here to view Certificate ACCREDITATIONTLS is official registered and hold all Legal and Regulatory approvals to perform trading, contracting and manufacturing activities. Click here to view Certificate Human Resource SummaryTLS identifies, recruits and natures talents, currently we have 9 nationalities speaking 15 languages and have a common purpose “Unus pro omnibus, omnes pro uno” One for all and all for one. Clients Principals Appreciation 2022 Campaign 1st Prize NEXT PREVIOUS 2022 0.5 Million Achievement -OETC Appreciation NEXT PREVIOUS 2021 Best Near Miss- OETC-Feb 21 NEXT PREVIOUS 2019 Certificate - TSK -132 kV OHL 50 MW Dhofar NEXT PREVIOUS 2016 Mazoon Electricity Company / Project During 2016 NEXT PREVIOUS 2015 Mazoon Electricity Company / Project During 2015-16 NEXT PREVIOUS 2019 Oman Electricity Transmission Company NEXT PREVIOUS 2019 Majan Electricity Company PREVIOUS NEXT 2017 Oman Electricity Transmission Company PREVIOUS NEXT 2016 Distribution Code Review Panel PREVIOUS NEXT 2016 Oman Electricity Transmission Company PREVIOUS NEXT 2016 Mazoon Electricity Company PREVIOUS NEXT 2015 & 2016 Mazoon Electricity Company PREVIOUS NEXT 2015 Distribution Code Review Panel PREVIOUS NEXT 2014 & 2015 Oman Electricity Transmission Company PREVIOUS NEXT 2011 Gulf Cable & Electric Industries Co NEXT PREVIOUS 2001 National Panasonic PREVIOUS NEXT 2000 Voltam PREVIOUS NEXT 1996 Oman Cables Industry PREVIOUS NEXT 1990 Oman - Supreme Committee for National Day Celebrations PREVIOUS NEXT Get in Touch with Us Trade Links & Services Head Office: P.O.Box: 630, Postal Code 115, Al Inshirah St, MSQ, Muscat, Oman Phone: +968 2496 8100 Fax: +968 2496 8101 Email: [email protected] Hours: 07:30 – 17:00 Workdays: Sunday – Thursday Closed: Friday & Saturday Headquarters: 795 Folsom Ave, Suite 600 San Francisco, CA 94107 Phone: (+1) 1234 56789 Fax: (+1) 12 3456 78910 Email: [email protected] We are social OUR LOCATIONS Recent TweetsCould not authenticate you. NewsletterStay informed on our latest news! Subscribe Blog | Sitemap | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us | Careers Copyright @ 2022 All Right Reserved By Trade Links & Services | Designed By AimGlobal