AMPHIBIAN Project International Co., AMPHIBIAN Project International Co., LTD. Backpage on our service project international sea and air transportation transportation islands and offshore ship transportation and shipbuilding projects. And the management and logistics service service group of the heart nuclear energy industrial equipment and material transportation service projects in contact with our group in Landshui International Tongping Co., Ltd. Shanshui International Tongping Co., Ltd. Living in the market's leading position and plan, providing customers with diversified services !! Since its establishment in 1995, Shanshui International Tongress Co., Ltd. has spread throughout the chemistry and petrochemicals, energy and electricity, steel, and cement. , Gas Industry, Project Unified Engineers, and General Import and Exporters.Shanshui International Tonglong Co., Ltd. in the early period of locking in international sea and land transportation and project equipment transportation and management is the main business scope. With the improvement and expansion of professionalism, the service scope has spread to the fields of rebar transportation, lifting cranes and establishment, etc. to provide owners and households. For the ultimate service of households and basic desks to basic desks.International shipping contract transporting InternetAl Freight Forwarding, NVOCC, Container, Breakbulk, Ro-RO, Heavy Lift Repeat inland transport inland transport inland transport, Heavy Lift islands and offshore ship transportation and offshore ship transportation Domestic Offshore AN D Costal Shipping and Barging Transport Project Engineering Hanging, forming, installation, and the heart of Heavy Lift Installation Lifting, ERECTION, RIGGING, Alignment nuclear energy industry equipment and material transportation services Nuclear Grade Equipment and Snf Transport Project Project Project MANAG EMENT & Logistics Copyrights International Co., LTD. All Rights Reserved. Follow amphibian sales@apicl.com.tw · +886-2-2322-3330