Krayon Kids Nursery Home About Us Classes Gallery Contact Us Join Us The Best Krayon Kids Nursery For Your Child Gift your a great place to leran and grow. Learn More Our Classes Make A Brighter Future For Your Child We welcome you all to join hands for a wonderful preschool experience. Learn More Our Classes Make A Brighter Future For Your Child We welcome you all to join hands for a wonderful preschool experience. Learn More Our Classes School Facilities School Bus School buses are spacious with a required capacity to accommodate students. Every bus has a school support staff to ensure proper discipline & safety of students. Play Area A variety of fun areas such as Basketball, see-saw, swings and jungle gym are provided to the children for their Kinesthetic Development. Healthy Tiffin Time A healthy school tiffin is advised to all students to support student’s health, well-being and to reinforce healthy eating messages. Positive Learning Story telling, dramatics, songs and picture talks are combined to develop child's Linguistic Intelligence. Learn More About Our Work And Our Cultural Activities As "Krayon Kids Nursery" we take immense pleasure to announce our overall child development program. We firmly believe that every child is curious and willing to learn. So beyond Reading and Writing we are bound to develop each child's multiple intelligence frames. Story telling, Dramatics, Songs and Picture talk are combined to develop child's Linguistic Intelligence. The blocks, puzzles, Beads and Linkers develops in them the Reasoning, Counting, Decision making and Logical skills. Here they grow more with Logical & Mathematical Intelligence. At this age child is very curious, imaginative and creative. So, to bloom up their Visual/ Spatial Intelligence we have Art, Craft, Drawing and Painting. A variety of fun areas such as Basketball, See-saw, Swings and jungle gym are provided to the children for their kinesthetic development. Our pre-school curriculum is built around child's everyday world like family and environment. Here they learn Interpersonal and Reflective Intelligence. Outdoor field trips, Growing plants, knowing environment helps the child to develop their Natural intelligence. Dance ,music, Rhythm are core part of Child's learning experience. So, here they enjoy and learn rhymes and songs in new languages. The aim of our educational program is to empower our children to develop their thinking, logic, learning interest and skills. A variety of fun areas, such as Basketball, See-saw, Swings and jungle Gym are provided to the children for their kinaesthetic development. Our preschool curriculum is built around child's everyday world, like family and environment. Here they learn with their interpersonal and reflective intelligence. Field trips, Growing plants, knowing environment will help the child to develop his natural intelligence. Dance, Music, Rhythm and core part of Child's learning experience. So here they enjoy and learn rhymes and songs in new languages. The aim of our educational program is to empower our children to develop their thinking, logic, learning interest and skills. Read More Mrs.Pallavi A Narwade (Founder Director) Krayon Kids Nursery About-us Gift your child a great place to learn and grow. “We value your precious ones”, is the message to all the parents who are looking for a secured and stimulating environment for their child during the formative years at Krayon Kids Nursery. Early childhood is a crucial stage of life in terms of child's physical, emotional, intellectual and social development. It is the very first step towards formal education. Thus, a time for very high quality personal with ample learning opportunities. VISION Essence of Care and Responsibility "A Happy child centered" education. Secured and Hygienic environment. Spacious, well equipped and age appropriate classrooms. Library and story telling room. Spacious play area. Multiple intelligence development program. Unique play way methods and Montessori techniques. Experienced and Qualified Teachers. Value education Camera Monitoring MISSION As a "Krayon Kids" family we promote Learning by doing Nurturing Environment Safety and Hygiene for every child Child's own space and speed of learning Celebrations and excursions Care and conservation of nature The learning process with parents and community as an equal partner. Mrs. Pallavi A Narwade (Founder Director) Krayon Kids Nursery ...has done her Masters in Education (M.Ed.) and English Literature (M.A. Eng). She also has a degree in Teachers Training, Creative Methodology from London (UK). After having experience in teaching she has come up with innovative, multiple intelligence development program for Pre-schoolers. Value added and personalized education are her main domains. School Classes Creativity At this age child is very curious, imaginative and creative. So, to bloom up their Visual/Spatial intelligence we have Art, Craft, Drawing , Illustrations and Painting. Logic and Reasoning The blocks, puzzles, beads and linkers allows them for building up reasoning, counting, decision-making and logical skills. Here they grow more with Logical Mathematical Intelligence. Athletics & Dance A variety of fun areas, such as Basketball, See-saw, Swings and Jungle Gym are provided to the children for their Kinesthetic Development. Language & Speaking Dance, Music, Rhythm and Rhymes are core part of child's learning experiences. So here they enjoy and learn rhymes and songs in new languages. The aim of our educational program is to empower our children to develop their thinking, logic, learning interest and confidence in Linguistic skills. Reading & Writing We firmly believe that every child is curious and willing to learn. So beyond reading and writing we are bound to develop independence and interest in literacy skills. We follow techniques and strategies to simplify the writing art and phonics to simplify the reading. General Knowledge Our Pre-school curriculum is built around child's everyday world like family and environment. Here they learn Interpersonal and Reflective Intelligence. Outdoor Field trips, Growing plants, knowing environment helps the child to develop his Natural Intelligence. The Preschool Play Group Nursery JRKG SRKG Make Appointment Gurdian Name Gurdian Email Gurdian Mobile No Child Name Child Age Message Submit Parents Say! I recommend this school to all parents looking for a preschool for their children. This school has everything that a growing mind needs to become a curious brain. The approach of this school is very child friendly. The teachers are full of care and responsible. A perfect mix of academics, craft, theatre play, music and much more Dr. Sumeet Jaiswal An excellent school. Absolutely would recommend KRAYON KIDS NURSERY School to others!! Teachers are excellent and involved, and we are happy with the wonderful coordinators. My Daughter “Manasvi Sharma” is very happy and progressing very well. Thank you Pallavi Ma’am and teachers for your support at this critical time. Thank you so much. Rupika Gautam As soon as you enter in school you will notice colorful environment all around. This place perfectly justifies it's tagline - celebrate learning . School's staff members are very soft spoken. I believe communication between teacher and stundent is key to the success of Krayon Kids Nursery. We highly recommend this preschool. Swapnil Damkondwar Gallery Video Gallery Get In Touch 69,Sena Nagar, Behind Hotel Nishant Park,Beed Bypass Road,Aurangabad - 431005 77986 91234 /82751 78236 info@krayonkidsnursery.com Quick Links About Us Contact Us Classes Photo Gallery News Gallery © Krayon Kids Nursery, All Right Reserved. Designed By E-web digital