Shandong WELL Plastic Science&Technology Co., Ltd. Home About Products Extrusion Line For Sheet Film Board Sheet Extrusion Line Film Extrusion Line Board Extrusion Line Extrusion Line For Pipe Solid Wall Pipe Extrusion Line Corrugated Pipe Extrusion Line Fiber Reforced Pipe Extrusion Line Extrusion Line For Profile WPC Profile Extrusion Line PVC Profile Extrusion Line Plastic Extruder Conical twin screw extruder Single screw extruder Extrusion Line For Geo-Technical Geogrid Extrusion Line Geocell Extrusion Line Geomembrane Extrusion Line Geo Dimple Sheet Extrusion Line News Service Contact English 中文 Pусский Toggle navigation Home About Products News Service Contact 1998Age Set up the time 50000Mu Construction Area 100Million Total Investmen 50A Countries and Regions product Create a new type of plastic machinery and equipment Extrusion Line For Sheet Film Board Extrusion Line For Pipe Extrusion Line For Profile Plastic Extruder Extrusion Line For Featured Extrusion Line For Geo-Technical Product advantages Research and development of equipment that can produce environmentally friendly and novel plastic products has always been the premise of vior's innovation; Select brand accessories to create a new type of plastic machinery and equipment; The products are exported to Italy, Indonesia, South Korea, Japan, Russia, Romania and other countries. about us Well Plastic Science&Technology Co., Ltd WELL is an equipment supplier integrating design, R&D, production, sales and service for more than 20 years, and keeps the whole world development in view. Well has two major manufacture bases, Qingdao and Weihai, with more than 20 engineers and four office locations, and provides customers in more than 100 countries and regions with a wide range of products and services. As a high-tech enterprise jointly established by Qingdao University of science and technology and Weihai University of science and technology environmental protection materials Co., Ltd. The enterprise covers an area of 50000 square meters with a total investment of 100 million yuan. The company has successfully passed ISO9001 international standard quality management system and European CE certification. View moreContact us news center Specialized in manufacturing and R & D of plastic machinery We wish the export business gre[2021-09-18] Shandong WELL Plastic ScienceTechnology Co., Ltd.. is located in the incubation Industrial Park of Weihai (daru We wish the export business gre[2021-09-17] Shandong WELL Plastic ScienceTechnology Co., Ltd.. is located in the incubation Industrial Park of Weihai (daru We warmly welcome the students [2021-09-17] Shandong WELL Plastic ScienceTechnology Co., Ltd.. is located in the incubation Industrial Park of Weihai (daru why choose us It is the excellent product quality and perfect pre-sale and after-sales service that have won more and more customers. Our equipment has been exported to more than 50 countries and regions, such as Brazil, India, Russia, Italy, Iran, Egypt, etc Five continents. Product advantagesTechnological strengthService team Qingdao Plant: Jiaoxi Industrial Zone, Jiaozhou District, Qingdao City, Shandong Province, China Weihai Plant: West of Century Avenue,Economic Development Zone,Rushan city,Weihai city,Shandong Province.China Tel/Whatsapp: +86-15066263060 Eamil: info@wellextrusion.com Web:www.wellextrusion.com ABOUT 丨 PRODUCTS 丨 CONTACT