idex Real Estate Skip to content Facebook Twitter Youtube +905435855171 Home idex Services Our Team Contact Us Menu Home idex Services Our Team Contact Us Own your home in the heart of the worldIn the heart of Istanbul, where civilization blends with history, we guarantee you the best real estate investmentsBrowse projectsEnsure the future of your investment for lifeAchieve the best investment results with the advantage of free ownership that the Turkish state gives youRead more about investingLive the wonderful experience of our servicesTell us your dream and we will tell you how to achieve it with IDEX, it is not just a drugGet to know our advisors Previous slide Next slide We are here to make the difference to serve you Never the journey of real estate ownership with us from the idea. IDEX discusses ideas, answers questions and makes the right decision with you We choose with you the right place to buy the property, and we explain to you the real estate prices that keep pace with market changes, and we provide cash payment options or installments with finding the appropriate guarantees, while providing options in obtaining the property ready for investment through rental returns or to obtain the investment benefit through resale. In the projects under construction, and then we inform you of the appropriate times to purchase real estate according to the policy of supply and demand, then we do all after-sales services from reviewing purchase contracts and legal reviews related to land, real estate and investments Connect with us Our services At idex we take you to the top Real estate investment opportunitiesBecause the real estate market is very variable, and because the demand of our clients varies from one client to another, we are here to create opportunities that suit everyone, with all financial plans, and different investment goals. Specialized real estate and legal adviceWe have a team of specialized consultants who keep pace with everything that occurs in the real estate market, accompanying services and new laws, which are updated by the Turkish state, and whose mission is to provide you with the best advice. Settlement and Naturalization ServicesComing to Turkey faces many challenges, from the difference in language, place and way of life, and the nature of the Turkish people and laws, so we help our clients in everything related to stability, residency, opening counters, bills, and services for obtaining Turkish citizenship through investment If you asked people what they want, they would say faster horses Henry Ford – Inventor of the Car Are you ready to start your real estate investment journey? Contact us now Sales manager Sami Meseik Sami Massik is the leader who possesses the vision and skills to achieve sustainable success for IDEX by attaining sales goals and innovatively developing operations. Sami is the driving force and the person who steers the company towards excellence and success by crafting innovative sales strategies and motivating his team to achieve the highest levels of performance. contact@info.com See more Real estate Agent Amater Alama Amatar Alama, a brilliant real estate advisor working at IDEX Company. With her wisdom and vast experience, she captivates the hearts of clients and presents them with the finest real estate offers. She goes above and beyond to fulfill their dreams and provide tangible solutions. Gaining the trust of clients, she forges strong relationships through her integrity and dedication. Amatar Alama, the inspiring figure with her exceptional spirit and remarkable achievements. contact@info.com See more sales agent Mohammed Alsaher Mohammed Al-Shahr, the radiant light in IDEX’s sky, a sales representative who shines with hope and dedication. His sincere words delicately touch others’ souls with sophistication and precision. He listens to their details and comprehends their needs accurately. He provides an exceptional service that exceeds their expectations. With his unique ability to uncover solutions and seize opportunities, he pulsates with the spirit of creativity and innovation. He ignites passion and inspires the team to achieve excellence. contact@info.com See more Get In Touch With Us! Phone +90 5435855171 Email info@idex.com.tr Address Namık Kemal, Babacan Premium, Adile Naşit Blv. No:62 B2 Blok Daire 510, 34513 Beylikdüzü Osb/Esenyurt/İstanbul About idex Real estate IDEX Real Estate Company, which specializes in real estate investment, is committed to providing the best investment or luxury residential options to its clients with an expert and specialized team. Stay in Touch +905435855171 idexrealestate idexrealestate Latest Listings looking for more ? Search Search © 2022, All rights reserved for IDEX REAL ESTATE Conditions and Terms Our Policy