Glenn J. Kashurba, MD, DFAPA Get in Touch Glenn J. Kashurba, MD, DFAPA is a nationally recognized Child and Adolescent Psychiatrist with a broad and distinguished medical career as a... Disaster Psychiatrist Dr. Kashurba's practice in Disaster Psychiatry began on September 11, 2001, when Flight 93 crashed 6 miles from his office in rural Somerset County, Pennsylvania. In addition to helping the local community, he volunteered with the American Red Cross to respond to the disaster. In the days following 9/11, Kashurba accompanied the families of the heroes to the crash site and helped them through that tragic experience. He subsequently chronicled the experiences of local residents who helped during the disaster with his book Courage After the Crash (SAJ Publishing 2002). Kashurba donated his author's royalties to 9/11 and children's charities. For the fifth anniversary of 9/11, Kashurba collaborated with several of the Flight 93 heroes' families and former PA Governor Mark Schweiker to write Quiet Courage: the Definitive Account of Flight 93 and its Aftermath (SAJ Publishing 2006). Once again, he donated his author's royalties to charity. Kashurba continued his Disaster Psychiatry work with a consultative practice helping agencies and businesses prepare for and respond to disasters. In addition, he is a federally commissioned Medical Officer with the National Disaster Medical System (NDMS) and Behavioral Health Consultant to the Office of the Chief Medical Officer of NDMS. In the Fall of 2012, Kashurba responded to Superstorm Sandy with the PA-1 Disaster Medical Assistance Team (DMAT). Speaker Kashurba has appeared in numerous television, radio and print interviews across the USA and around the world. Kashurba also served nearly 10 years on the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry's (AACAP) Work Group on Consumer Issues, including 4 years as Co-Chair. This 10 member team of physician-authors oversees the AACAP website and produces the enormously popular Facts for Families series that is read by millions each year. Kashurba is a gifted medical communicator who utilizes his extensive clinical experience and life as a medical adventurer to make seemingly mundane topics humorous and poignant. Kashurba's presentations range from inspiring keynotes to two day seminars. Topics span the breadth of psychiatric diagnosis and treatment and are individually tailored to the audience. His two day Disaster Psychiatry seminars cover all aspects of disaster mental health including readiness, response, and resilience. Rural Mental Health Advocate Long an advocate for quality mental health care for children and families in rural areas, Kashurba has been a member of AACAP's Rural Psychiatry Committee for many years and served the last 10 years as Co-Chair. He lectures on rural psychiatry topics annually at national and international meetings of psychiatrists and other mental health providers. In addition to living and working in rural areas for over 25 years, Kashurba has consulted with other rural areas to help them develop and improve mental health services. He is currently working with several organizations in Alaska. Experienced and Innovative Clinician Kashurba has practiced psychiatry with children, adolescents, adults and older adults for over 30 years. His practice settings have been urban, suburban and rural and encompassed outpatient, partial hospitalization, inpatient, medical consultation-liaison, residential, long term care and forensic. Kashurba currently specializes in: - Child and adolescent psychiatry – outpatient and partial hospitalization, second opinion evaluations, forensic work limited to record review and consultation - Disaster and trauma psychiatry – consultation after critical incidents, preparation for disasters, training of responders on psychological care - Sports psychiatry – diagnosis and treatment of mental health issues in athletes, Certified Therapeutic Use Examiner for Major League Baseball Dr. Kashurba has received numerous awards for his work including: - American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry's Catcher in the Rye Advocacy Award for his 9/11 related work. Awarded at the annual meeting in San Francisco, California. - Nominated for American Medical Association Pride in the Profession Award by the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry for his 9/11 related work. - Awarded Distinguished Fellowship status for career contributions to field of psychiatry by the Pennsylvania Psychiatric Society and American Psychiatric Association at the APA Annual Meeting in Atlanta, Georgia. Get In Touch To contact Dr. Kashurba or request more information regarding speaking or consulting, please email: information@glennkashurba.com © Copyright 2013 Glenn J.Kashurba, MD, DFAPA. All Rights Reserved. Site by Kashurba Web Design Group, LLC