START HOME ABOUT US NEWS PROJECT RESULTS en es fr pl ro el Contact Boost your brand's growth with START project Strategic Partnership to Improve Internationalization Skills of SMEs in Retail Sector About us Contact R1 - Mobile report Mobile report about the skills needed by retail SMEs when deciding to internationalise according to representatives from the sector. R2 - START Training Course The START training course will be an online open educational resource that proposes to fill the gap observed in retailers’ competences profile. eLearning Platform ASSIST Software will develop an eLearning platform designed to showcase the START training course in an attractive online digital format. Turn ideas into action The START project seeks to improve the internationalisation skills of SMEs in the retail sector in order to encourage retailers to expand their businesses into international markets. The project will provide experienced retailers, as well as young adults entering the workforce or unemployed people interested in working in retail with the necessary tools to enhance their internationalisation skills and gain the knowledge needed to develop a competitive strategy for entering a foreign market. Find out more Digital transformation, Intergenerational approach and collaborative training The START project promotes the internationalisation of SMEs, thereby stimulating economic growth and development and addressing one of the EU's most pressing priorities. As a result, the project's objectives centre on acquiring the skills and competencies needed to carry out future activities, as well as on fostering international synergies through collaboration and e-learning via an innovative modular training methodology. Find out more Digitalisation, innovation and risk-taking In the globalisation context, the internationalisation process is critical for SMEs in the retail sector, as as it implies the possibility of acquiring additional capacity, strengthening their financial position, achieving innovation, increasing revenues, diversifying risks, and attracting talented workers. Find out more News European Retail Experts: START Testimonials – hub.brussels, Belgium Meet Laïos Aurélie, Dehon Nicolas, and Giovannetti Katia, the driving forces at hub.brussels. Leading the hub.brussels_Retail team, Laïos and Dehon offer personalized services to bolster retail businesses, from strategic positioning to post-opening... See more START Newsletter #4 We invite you to explore the fourth newsletter published by the START consortium! Learn more details about the latest project activities. See more Partners CAMARABELUX ASSIST Software MARKEUT Skills Sociedad Limitada KIG - Polish Chamber of Commerce LOVILA LTD Official Spanish Chamber of Commerce in Belgium and Luxembourg Mission & Objectives The Official Spanish Chamber of Commerce in Belgium and Luxembourg is a non-profit association, founded in Brussels on 9th April 1938, according to Belgian private law (ASBL –VZW). The Chamber plays an important role in trade and economic relations between Spain, Belgium and Luxembourg.Its main objective is the development of trade and investments between Spain and the states within its territorial jurisdiction. The Chamber offers its associated enterprises a wide range of trade promotion services, information, advice and logistical and administrative support. It provides essential information about the different markets in Spain, Belgium and Luxembourg as well as professional contacts in its business area community. The Chamber is publicly recognized as one of the most prestigious dialogue tribunes between companies and European Institutions, based in Brussels and Luxembourg. Website e-camara.com/web ASSIST SOFTWARE Mission & Objectives At the forefront of Romania’s endeavours of being one of the major providers of bespoke software development services, ASSIST Software has always been recognized as one of the most innovative companies, with more than 250 engineers pioneering revolutionary products. Over the last 30 years, the company has delivered disruptive solutions to over 300 international clients across multiple industries such as energy, manufacturing, medical, education, entertainment, or military. ASSIST has established long-term partnerships with 150 European companies, universities and research centres and has participated as a technical partner in more than 20 national and EU-funded projects, under various funding programs, such as Horizon Europe, Horizon 2020, FP7, Erasmus+, and Eureka-Eurostars. Website assist-software.net MARKEUT Skills Sociedad Limitada Mission & Objectives MEUS is a private organisation based in Valencia, Spain, aimed at bettering people´s capacities in their environment, both at professional and private levels. Thus, it focuses on skills development of the individuals at each stage of their life, from school to adult education. In line with the European strategy related to education, MEUS works on the development of new training materials and methodologies adapted to different target and market needs, so improving the integration on the labour market. It also encourage the development of new business projects, offering assessment and training to entrepreneurs, supporting them in being creative, innovative and successful in their initiatives. MEUS strongly supports new and growing sectors of the economy, and is attentive in the societal changes, this is why we are particularly engaged in issues such as the green economy (and green skills), the orange economy (culture), ICT, adaptation to the aging population and new demographic features generating higher demand in person services, etc. Website www.meuskills.eu KIG - Polish Chamber of Commerce Mission & Objectives Polish Chamber of Commerce (PCC) founded in 1990 is the largest economic self-government institution in Poland. We group over 154 business organizations. PCC promotes social responsibility of business. Our trainings and conferences encourage to implement the highest standards of business ethics. During the last 10 years we completed almost 50 projects financed from EU funds related to entrepreneurship and business development. PCC cares about entrepreneurs in the international arena. PCC is a member of EUROCHAMBRES, Association of the European Chambers of Industry and Commerce, which groups the European chambers of commerce, and the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) in Paris. PCC also cooperates with the biggest worldwide national organizations. PCC does its best to increase the international recognition of Poland. PCC is aware of chances that Polish companies will have on the international markets if Poland is perceived more positively. That is why PCC organizes national exhibitions (Hanover, Aichi), invites entrepreneurs to international trade, fairs, trade missions, economic forums, multi and bilateral business meetings and other projects. Website https://kig.pl/ LOVILA LTD Mission & Objectives Lovila is a Cypriot consultancy and training institution established with the purpose of fostering the professional and personal development of individuals, companies and newly established businesses, focused on promoting lifelong learning, digitalisation and innovation at different levels and contexts of education. Lovila offers services for companies and entrepreneurs in the need of innovation, training and digital transformation, which plays a critical role in an organization’s ability to evolve with the market. On the other hand, Lovila provides a high-level training support of young people and adults in a need of professional integration, development of basic skills and qualifications, digital and entrepreneurial skills, sustainable mindset and lifestyle, integration and reinsertion in the labour market, motivation, labour counselling and guidance. Lovila believes in a high importance of the environmental sustainability and the capacity to stabilize the current disruptive relationship between human & business culture and the living world. In this way, the company’s services are always looking for on a sustainable work practices and sustainable future through education. Website www.lovila.eu The European Commission's support for the production of this website does not constitute an endorsement of the contents, which reflect the views only of the authors, and the Commission cannot be held responsible for any use which may be made of the information contained therein. FOLLOW US Copyright © 2022 Terms & Conditions