The Web Parlor – North Forks Web and Graphic Design Solution! Skip to content Home Services About Blog Contact Get in Touch Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Home Services About Blog Contact Get in Touch Menu Serving Long Island and the New York Metropolitan area. More Details Our services The Solutions We Offer We offer a variety of services to aid you in just about all of your online needs. Web Design Bespoke websites designed to your needs using industry best practices for safety. Logo / Branding Everything from naming to logo and colors that represent your brand down to the UI / UX of your website. SEO / Social Basic SEO and setting up social media accounts. E-Commerce Online shops for mom and pop stores to fancy restaurants who need delivery services. Digital Marketing Email marketing campaigns to Google Adsense. If you can make it we can help you get it in front of people. Software / App Development Fullstack coding of software, mobile and web applications. PRICING PLANS The Best Solutions for Our Clients We have packages for everyone and we are negotiable on a case by case basis. Please feel free to reach out to discuss your particular needs. Basic Website $500+ Simple WebsiteBasic SEO E-CommerceCustom GraphicsCustom Plugins Get Started E-Commerce $2000+ Online ShopSEO & SocialCMS Custom GraphicsCustom Plugins Get Started Fully Customized $5000+ Custom WebsiteSEO & MarketingCMSCustom GraphicsCustom Plugins Get Started Testimonials What Our Client’s Say Mark Casagrande – Big House Electric Dan at The Web Parlor knew exactly what I needed and overdelivered. I couldn’t be happier with my website! Joe Tuomey – J&V Plumbing They made things so easy for me. I wish I had gone to them sooner. I get compliments on my website all the time. Have a Project in Mind? Asking questions is easy and free. Please reach out we’d be happy to hear from you. Get in Touch Latest from Blog Service Digital Marketing Exclusivity Packages for the North Fork Author: Dan De La Cruz – Founder of The Web Parlor November 30, 2022 We at The Web Parlor… news We Are Open for Business! Author: Dan De La Cruz – Founder of The Web Parlor Today is a big day for me (Dan)… Full service web media providers with a focus on e-commerce needs. Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Site Menu Services Pricing Plans Useful Links Introduction About Us Contact Us Phone: (631) 599-6444 Need help or have a question? Contact us at: dan@thewebparlor.com