CDCIM - Home Home About Us Services FAQ Contact francais English Deutsch Néerlandais ITALIEN Sign In Sign Up Welcome to the CDCIM BANK CDCIM Bank is a safe, fast, easy, and efficient e-Banking system that enables you access to your bank account and to carry out online banking services, 24/7 Create an Account Online Payment We have online payment services like PayPal, Stripe, Paystack, Skrill, Flutterwave, Mollie, Payeer, RazorPay, etc. Take Loan We have several plans to apply for a loan. You may apply to our loan plans by submitting some of your valid information. Deposit Schemes We have two deposit schemes for you, one is Deposit Pension Scheme and another one is the Fixed Deposit Receipt. Transfer Money You are able to transfer your funds within the CDCIM Bank or other banks we support by adding your beneficiaries About Us We care about your money and safety. Our Mission We are focused on building and sustaining long-term generational relationships with our customers Our Vision CDCIM Bank will serve all over the world and becomes the most popular Bank in this universe. Our Goal CDCIM Bank will serve their customers from all over the world and becomes the popular bank in this universe. Our Services We make your life comfortable with our services. Fast Transfer Our Money transfer system is secure and easy. Send your funds to your beneficiaries within CDCIM Bank or to other banks. Transfer within CDCIM Bank is instant and to other banks may take 24 hours. Deposit Funds Account-holders of CDCIM Bank are able to deposit their money through our several payment systems. We have online payment services like PayPal, Stripe, Paystack, Skrill, Flutterwave, Mollie, Payeer, etc. Withdraw Funds Account-holders of CDCIM Bank are able to withdraw money from their account. Without verification, any withdrawal won't be completed, so you can trust CDCIM Bank. Why Choose Us? We are giving you the best services Get Started Secure Service Every balance subtracting transactions need OTP verification so You can feel safe about your funds. Also, you can use the google authenticator app on your cellphone and enable 2FA security from the account menu. Lowest Transaction Fee Our transaction fee is much low comparing to other banks. You can deposit, transfer, and withdraw your funds with the lowest transaction charge. As our transfer system is secure and robust you can trust us. How it works It's easy to join with Us 1 Open an Account To be an account holder you have to open an account first. 2 Verification After registration you need to verify your Email and Mobile Number. 3 Deposit Deposit some funds before applying on any FDR or DPS plans. 4 Get Service Now you can get any of our services as our registered account-holder We provide our banking services all over the world CDCIM Bank is a secure and robust e-Banking system getting popular all over the world nowadays. We offer the best FDR, DPS &amp; Loan plans to our account holders 24M Account Holders 3B Total Transaction 120 Total Branches 240+ Countries We Serve I had opened an account 5 years ago, I feel safe keeping my funds in CDCIM bank. Their Deposit schemes plans are really helpful. Adam Gilly CTO, UYT The is just awesome, best quality service ever I had. You can trust them and deposit your funds. Their Loan plans are really helpful Maria Ahsan Managing Director, YY I had opened an account 3 years ago, I feel safe keeping my funds in CDCIM bank. Their Deposit schemes plans are really helpful Michel Johnson Founder of ZZ Best service I've ever had. The money transfer system is just awesome. The recipient list system makes it very efficient. John Smith CEO of CY Frequently Asked Questions Though we have provided lots of information about us and how we serve what is our working process our terms and conditions our policies etc. Is opening an account is free? Yes, we don't take any fees for opening an account. Is it possible to send money from CDCIM bank to another bank? Yes, you can send money from CDCIM bank to another bank? How to open an account? Get the registration form by clicking on the Sing Up button on the top bar. Provide all information and click on the Sign Up button. Does CDCIM bank share our information for advertisement? No, we don't provide our account holder's information to any third-party organization. How to take a loan? We have several loan plans. Choose the best plan suitable for you and just click on the Apply Now button and put the amount. How to open a FDR e have several FDR plans. Choose the best plan suitable for you and just click on the Apply Now button and put the amount. Our Partners Subscribe our newsletter and stay connected Subscribe About Us CDCIM bank is a complete e-Banking system. We have account-holders from almost all over the world. This is getting popular day by day. Our system is secure and robust. You may feel safe about your deposited funds. Quick Links Register Our Branches Contact Page Company Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us 69814 Tassin Cedex contact@oxdcb.com +33 7 45 30 06 88 Copyright © 2017 CDCIM All Right Reserved We may use cookies or any other tracking technologies when you visit our website, including any other media form, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected to help customize the Site and improve your experience learn more Allow