Home - Dr. Ricardo Kam Plastic Surgeon Start Meet Dr. Ricardo Kam Procedures before and then blog Contactame Menu Start Meet Dr. Ricardo Kam Procedures before and then blog Contact me Aesthetic and reconstructive plastic surgery.Raising your beauty to its maximum expression always taking care of your health and safety.See Instagram WhatsApp procedures Previous Next WhatsApp of Consultations Dr. Rolando Pontesdra.Gisela Pontes Previous Next Dr. Ricardo A. Kam V. is a subspecialist in aesthetic and reconstructive plastic surgery, certified by the Panamanian Association of Aesthetic and Reconstructive Plastic Surgery and in turn member of the Latin American Ibero Federation of Plastic Surgery.Formed in one of the most prestigious and recognized plastic surgery services in Brazil (world reference in this area of medicine), the Professor Ronaldo Pontes Plastic Surgery Service (in turn accredited by the Brazilian Society of Plastic Cururgia SBCP) in theCity of Niteói, Rio de Janeiro. A service with a tradition of more than 40 years of forming plastic surgeons of excellence, where Dr. Ricardo Kam becomes the first Panamanian plastic surgeon to train such a renowned school, where he learned from theHand of great teachers and world references of plastic surgery such as Dr. Ronaldo Pontes and Dr. Gisela Pontes.Know more about me here Instagram WhatsApp “I'm here to thank Dr. Ricardo Kam for returning my self -esteem!For being my partner and patient with me in my postoperative period!I am very satisfied with my surgery, both of the breasts and the abdomen!I undoubtedly recommend it to everyone who asks me! ”A. T. Mastopexia with implants + abdominoplasty  5/5 “Good afternoon, I found Dr. Ricardo through my daughter because she wanted to place silicone implants and I wantedHe recommended a upper facial lifting, because if I did a blepharoplasty I would not only give me the desired result.And that was what we did and it was wonderful!I entered one day and went the next day.He is a great professional, and a unique professional, I did not feel any pain, I am very satisfied.I recommend it, and I tell the doctor, keep making those women very happy.A hug!"E. D. Upper facial lifting + upper and lower blepharoplasty with bag split. 5/5 “My surgery with Dr. Ricardo Kam was a success, in addition to fulfilling my expectations, my liposculpture was very well performed and the result was natural as we planned it.My postoperative period was super quiet.Dr. Kam was always present and attentive from the first consultation to my total recovery. "J. F. Medium definition liposculpture + gluteal lipotransference  5/5 WhatsApp of Facial Surgery / Cuelglick Queries to see more.Misasclick surgeries to see more.BodyClick contour to see more.Femaleaclick intimate surgery to see more.Non -surgical procedures CLICK to see more.Previous Next click to see more before and after.Address: Ricardo Kam, MDTHE PANAMA CLINICTORRE APISO 10, Office #1021Panama City, Panamateléfonos:+ (507) 310-2834+ (507) 6652-3488e-mail: drkamplasticsurgery@gmail.com Contact me to schedule your query.WhatsApp of Consultations Instagram WhatsApp All rights reserved.Dr. Ricardo Kam 2022. See Privacy Policies.Panama Aesthetic Plastic Surgery © 2022 Dr. Ricardo Kam |Created by www.agencia-xyz.com