Home - Skip to content Home About Menu Toggle Our Story Mission and Vision University Leadership Teaching and Learning Study at MAGU Menu Toggle Apply Now News and Events Life at MAGU Login Menu Toggle Student Portal Classroom MAGU Email Staff Portal Main Menu Malawi Assemblies of God University Our mission is to advance knowledge and produce innovative, Spirit-empowered technocrats and leaders who serve the nation and the entire world with integrity. Learn more Malawi Assemblies of God University (MAGU) Your Career Path Begins Here NCHE Accreditation MAGU is accredited by the National Council for Higher Education (NCHE) in Malawi Study Programmes MAGU programs provide an in-depth, advanced, and specialized study in various fields of Commerce, Education, Social Sciences, and Theology. Fees Affordability Affordable fees for regular clases, weekend and ODEL programmes Track Record MAGU is a young but steadily growing private university that is already playing a significant role in the socio-economic development of Malawi. NCHE Accreditation MAGU is accredited by the National Council for Higher Education (NCHE) in Malawi Study Programmes MAGU programs provide an in-depth, advanced, and specialized study in various fields of Commerce, Education, Social Sciences, and Theology. Fees Affordability Affordable fees for regular clases, weekend and ODEL programmes Track Record MAGU is a young but steadily growing private university that is already playing a significant role in the socio-economic development of Malawi. Class flexibility at MAGU Modes of Learning MAGU study programmes are designed with flexibility to fit in most people's professional calendars Regular classes Face-to-face traditional classroom evironment on weekdays Weekend classes Classes are done every weekend; Fridays to Sundays ODeL classes Students do 2 weeks of intense classes on campus followed by 16 weeks of online classes and assesment through internet. Learn more Enrollment Schedule MAGU undergraduate semesters start in February and another in August. New applications are open before the new semester begins Semester Schedule February intake August intake Lilongwe Campus +26598 555 77 66 WhatsApp Lilongwe admissions@magu.ac.mw Blantyre Campus +26588 887 00 00 WhatsApp Blantyre admissionsbt@magu.ac.mw MAGU academic departments within faculties Academic Departments Management Studies Offers degree programmes like Human Resource Management, Business Administration, ... Financial Studies Degree programmes like Monitoring and Evaluation, Business Information Systems, Insurance, ... Education Humanities Degree programmes; Humanities, Literature and Linguistics, University Certificates, ... Education Science Degree programmes like Mathematics and Computer Studies, Certificate in Education Science, ... Social Sciences Offers programmes in Early Childhood Development, Community Development, certificates in ECD, ... Theology Degree programmes like Biblical Studies, Community Counselling, Intercultural Studies, ... MAGU Alumni Testimonials MAGU has graduated many students in the past 11 years. Here are testimonials from some of the MAGU alumni. I felt empowered, motivated and encouraged to never limit myself to the level of success I can achieve. And am happy the hardwork is paying off. Ulemu Mpewe Accounts Assistant, MAGU MAGU has given me confidence in my abilities and has inspired me to strive for greatness in all areas of my life. Lyson Kantepa Admissions Officer, MAGU My personal experience as a MAGU student was one of huge positivity, inclusivity and fun! I can very sincerely say that being involved with MAGU was one of my best life experiences. Shams W.Pawel Founder & CEO of XpeedStudio MAGU Latest News and Events Latest News Enroll with MAGU Apply now for programme of your choice Apply now Copyright © 2024 | Malawi Assemblies of God University (MAGU) Scroll to Top