Lupine Publishers | Open Access Journals Publishers Email Us: info@lupinepublishers.com Call Us: +1 (914) 407-6109 57 West 57th Street, 3rd floor, New York - NY 10019, USA NLM Catalog FAQ's Blog Sitemap Lupine Publishers Group Lupine Publishers Menu Home About Us Aim & Scope Publication Ethics Indexing & Archiving Guidelines Editor Guidelines Associate Editor Guidelines Reviewer Guidelines Register as Manuscript Guidelines Membership For Authors Guidelines Plagarism Policy Peer Review Process Processing Fee Pay Online Reprints Grants Cover Letter Our Journals Video Articles e-Books Reprints Contact Coronavirus COVID-19 Free access to the latest available research, evidence and data at our Lupine Publishers. Click here to submit and grab the opportunity in these COVID times Submit Manuscript International, Peer Reviewed journals LUPINE PUBLISHERS The prime mission is to make continuous efforts in transforming the scientific information from researchers around the world, into easily accessible data by publishing on our website. Submit Manuscript Discover the High Quality Articles With Us Scholarly Open Access Publisher Browse Journals Submit Manuscript Coronavirus COVID-19 Free access to the latest available research, evidence and data at our Lupine Publishers. Click here to submit and grab the opportunity in these COVID times Submit Manuscript Welcome to Lupine Publishers Lupine Publishers is one of the world largest open access publisher of peer-reviewed, fully peer reviewed journals. Launched with an intention of openness of original research publication, we are passionate about working with the global academic community to promote scholarly research articles to the world. With the help of our academic authors and Editors, based on the work in institutions and research laboratories around the globe, we strictly focus on serving our authors while preserving the highly standardarticles publishing and editorial integrity. Besides, quality control is riveted in each step of the publication process. Lupine Publishers Group Featured Articles 12345678910Next Review Article February 29, 2024 Solving the Darwinian Paradoxes by “Sun Model of Civilization”, Re-Examine the Origin Of Human Wanpeng Sun* J Anthro & Archeo Sci 10.32474/JAAS.2024.09.000306 View abstract PDF Full text Darwinian evolution theory, Darwinism, states that species evolve from simple to complex [1]. In Darwinism, species can change over time, new species come from pre-existing species, and all species share a common ancestor. Organisms with the best-suited characteristics for their environment are more likely to survive and reproduce. Thus, humans evolved from primate animals according to this evolution theory. There are many paradoxes associate with Darwinism...... ReadMore Short Communication February 26, 2024 MSC Derived Extracellular Vesicles Therapy: A Promising Frontier in Neuroregeneration Mendt Vilchez Mayela* On J Neur & Br Disord 10.32474/OJNBD.2024.07.000253 View abstract PDF Full text Over the past few years, Extracellular vesicles (EV’s) including exosomes have emerged as promising therapeutics in numerous clinical applications. Initially disregarded as mere cellular debris, they are now recognized as powerful mediators of intercellular communication, playing crucial roles in a wide array of physiological and pathological processes. Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs)-derived EV mimic the effects of MSCs while offering numerous advantages, including non-infusion toxicity, low retention in lungs, easy preservation and handling, the ability to penetrate the blood-brain barrier, and absence of tumorigenic potential. Additionally, these natural nanocarriers offer several advantages over conventional drug delivery systems, including enhanced biocompatibility, prolon..... ReadMore Research Article February 26, 2024 Utilization of Solar Energy to Optimize Small Business Costs Maia Melikidze*, Gvantsa Tugulashvili and Garik Teymurazyan J Biosens & Renew Sci 10.32474/JBRS.2024.02.000146 View abstract PDF Full text The term “Renewable Energy” become more actual in recent years. This is a source that can be used not once and is inexhaustible in contrast with fossil fuels. Among renewables one of the most popular is sun energy. Recent technological innovations and the reduction of costs have facilitated the development and implementation of sun energy. Worldwide have been building facilities working on sun energy as it is ecological and supports CO emissions reduction...... ReadMore Review Article February 22, 2024 Chronicle of Liechtenstein João Vicente Ganzarolli de Oliveira*, Pedro Calmon J Anthro & Archeo Sci 10.32474/JAAS.2024.09.000304 View abstract PDF Full text Bigger than Zurich, but smaller than Vienna, Liechtenstein is the sixth smallest country in the world, being overcome in smallness just by the Vatican, Monaco, Nauru, Tuvalu, and San Marino. Liechtenstein is framed by the Alps and shares its doubly landlocked 62 sq. mi borders with only two other countries: Switzerland and Austria...... ReadMore Research Article February 21, 2024 Automated Biosensor for Rapid Field Detection of Fecal Biomarkers in Coastal Areas Kotsiri Zoi, Panayotou Panayotis, Beskos Panayotis, Vantarakis Apostolos* J Biosens & Renew Sci 10.32474/JBRS.2024.02.000145 View abstract PDF Full text Approximately 41.2% of the European union population live in coastal areas and more than 50% of the global population live near a coastal area (Maul & Duedall, 2021) [1]. Coastal tourism accounts for 60% of all European tourists that prefer to spend their holidays at the seaside (cbi.eu). During 2017, 22.000 beaches and internal waters in Europe were tested for fecal indicator bacteria (FIB) and about 15% of the samples did not respond to “excellent” quality standard (EEA Report No 2/2018, 2018) [2]...... ReadMore Short Communication February 20, 2024 Philosophical Dialogues with Children on Justice and Truth Erzsebet Kerekes* J Anthro & Archeo Sci 10.32474/JAAS.2024.09.000304 View abstract PDF Full text In 2015, Cluj-Napoca (Romania) was the European Youth Capital. In 2015, supported by the Mayor’s Office, banks, and other contributors, the Common Cluj initiative was established as the major project involving young people in the city. In 2016, this continued with a different budget, launching a competition aimed at organizing and implementing events and programs for children and young people...... ReadMore Short Communication February 20, 2024 Philosophical Dialogues with Children on Justice and Truth Erzsebet Kerekes* J Anthro & Archeo Sci 10.32474/JAAS.2024.09.000304 View abstract PDF Full text In 2015, Cluj-Napoca (Romania) was the European Youth Capital. In 2015, supported by the Mayor’s Office, banks, and other contributors, the Common Cluj initiative was established as the major project involving young people in the city. In 2016, this continued with a different budget, launching a competition aimed at organizing and implementing events and programs for children and young people...... ReadMore Opinion February 20, 2024 Psychology of Societal Stupidity: Examining Two Key Indicators Hamid A Rafizadeh* Sch J Psychol & Behav Sci 10.32474/SJPBS.2024.08.000277 View abstract PDF Full text Stupidity, with its myriad definitions and wide-ranging implications, is an inherent aspect of human behavior, shaping our existence in countless ways [1]. It permeates both individual actions and organizational structures, hindering the acquisition and processing of knowledge [2]. No individual or entity is immune to its influence, as even esteemed institutions of higher education can inadvertently reinforce patterns of stupidity [2]...... ReadMore Opinion February 06, 2024 Social and Political Governance of Goods Cruz García Lirios*, Javier Carreón Guillén, Jorge Hernández Valdés, José Alfonso Aguilar Fuentes, Francisco Javier Rosas Ferrusca, María de Lourdes Morales Flores and Erle García Estrada J Anthro & Archeo Sci 10.32474/JAAS.2024.09.000303 View abstract PDF Full text Global and local water situational trends are presented to project the corresponding water sustainability. In this sense, public policies are essential to establish the costs of water supply. However, citizen, community and neighborhood participation is also essential in establishing unit water prices (Abramo, 2012) [1]...... ReadMore Research Article February 05, 2024 Foreign Pharyngoesophagial Bodies of Children: Epidemiological and Diagnostic Profile at The Omar Bongo Ondimba Army Training Hospital Miloundja J*, Lekassa P, Manfoumbi Manfoumbi KD, Manfoumbi Ngoma AB, and Nzouba L Sch J Oto 10.32474/SJO.2024.10.000341 View abstract PDF Full text Ingestion of a foreign body (FB) is a common household accident in children. Its incidence cannot be properly estimated be cause many children swallow objects without the ingestion being known [1]. This ingestion most often occurs accidentally during games or meals regardless of the age of the child, with a greater incidence in those aged 6 months to 4 years [2, 3]. The frequency increases from the age of 6 months as soon as manual gripping are possible, with a peak between 6 months and 3 years estimated at 70% [4]...... ReadMore Research Article February 02, 2024 Do I want to leave my organization? - My manager has all the Blame Ana Moreira*, Raquel Espadinha, Alexandra Ferreira, Mariana Polquinhas, Érica Marques and Sofia Gomes Sch J Psychol & Behav Sci 10.32474/SJPBS.2024.08.000276 View abstract PDF Full text This research paper aims to investigate and deduce how the type of leadership of the direct manager and the type of organizational commitment that workers have towards the organization where they work compromise their permanence. This work was based on a news report published by CNN in 2023, written by Joana Nabais Ferreira [1] with the title “80% of workers admit to leaving the company because of their direct bosses”, which reports on the data from the study “What is the Quality of our Leadership? The Importance of Empathy”, developed by Community in 2022...... ReadMore Editorial January 30, 2024 Various Perspectives on Illness in School - a Pilot Study Nicola Sommer* Prog Asp in Pediatric & Neonat 10.32474/PAPN.2024.04.000197 View abstract PDF Full text Teachers are increasingly confronted with their students’ illnesses, because of better medical treatment successes, and/or due to an increase in civilization diseases or the effects of various stresses [1]. Currently, there are an average of four children and adolescents with a chronic disease in each class [2]...... ReadMore Opinion January 29, 2024 Insights Into an Ancient Lefkas (SW Greece) Community: Archaeological, Anthropological, and Palaeopathological Findings from Tomb 43, Aravanis Plot, North Cemetery Panagiotis D. Sianis, Efthymia Tsitsou, Maria V. Konstantopoulou,George Iliopoulos*, Vivian Staikou J Anthro & Archeo Sci 10.32474/JAAS.2024.09.000302 View abstract PDF Full text The town of ancient Lefkas due to its strategic location off the western coast of mainland Greece became a powerful fortified city with houses arranged according to the Hippodamian grid plan, an agora, a huge theatre and a busy port [1-5]. The city retained two outside the city walls (Figure 1), the South cemetery, located at the “Kariotes” area, and the North cemetery, found north of the Kalligoni village, and scattered in two main clusters. Several rescue excavations in the two cemeteries have brought to light hundreds of tombs, dating from the archaic to the roman period [2, 6-7]...... ReadMore Research Article January 22, 2024 Burnout and Work-Family Conflict in Portuguese Teachers Ana Moreira*, Margarida Esfola, Beatriz Pozuelo, Catarina Pinto, Sofia Carvalho, Joana Esteves Sch J Psychol & Behav Sci 10.32474/SJPBS.2024.07.000275 View abstract PDF Full text This essay aims to investigate the connection between teacher burnout and work-family conflict. Researching and comprehending this issue is becoming worse in society, and having detrimental effects is crucial. In order to support and understand the causes of this problem, we have used the news item “Work pace and intellectual demands: civil service workers face serious psychological risks” from the newspaper Expresso, which took place last year - where it is mentioned how civil service workers are constantly dealing with serious risks, e.g...... ReadMore Opinion January 22, 2024 The Christian Lord’s Prayer could be improved by taking the Aramaic language into account Doepp Manfred* Sch J Psychol & Behav Sci 10.32474/SJPBS.2024.07.000274 View abstract PDF Full text Jesus the Christ lived and worked in a region of Jewish settlement that was not very prestigious. The center was in the province of Judah, where “High Hebrew” was spoken. In Galilee around Lake Chinnereth, on the other hand, the Semitic dialect of Aramaic was spoken, which was influenced by Syria. The language still exists today...... ReadMore Short Communication January 17, 2024 Sustainable farming and women health Esperanza Huerta Lwanga* Int Gyn & Women’s Health 10.32474/IGWHC.2024.06.000226 View abstract PDF Full text Sustainable agriculture is the type of agriculture where the 3 pillars of sustainability, social, environment and economic converge (Purvis et al. 2019) [1], and food is produced at low ecological cost. This means that sustainable production techniques aim to have less impact on soils, and the surrounding environment. Industrial agriculture, utilize many inputs (agrochemicals, water) and mainly monocultures are the dominant way of production, the use of agrochemicals such as Plant Protecting Products (PPP), generates footprints, which remain in soils for many years (ie. DDT in soils)...... ReadMore Research Article January 11, 2024 New Research Opportunities with Modern Accelerators Cristóbal A. Navarro* Curr Tr Comp Sci & App 10.32474/CTCSA.2024.03.000159 View abstract PDF Full text Parallel computing gained a strong relevance with the introduction of the first dual-core CPU in the early 2000s. From there, parallel architectures as well as research in parallel computing achieved significant milestones, such as the possibility to pack dozens of CPU cores in a single chip, new parallel algorithms and the development of parallel programming languages and tools [1]. Today we have a large ecosystem of parallel processors sitting in many of the devices we use every day; from laptops and cellphones to TVs and Cars. In the last couple of years, with the surge of artificial intelligence and videogames, parallel computing has become even more relevant, as it is the technological bed for many states of the art applications that require high performance. During these ..... ReadMore Member In Road ISSN Crossref Scilit Publons WorldCat ICMJE sciforum REPEC IDEAS View More... Top Editors Mark E Smith Bio chemistry University of Texas Medical Branch, USA Lawrence A Presley Department of Criminal Justice Liberty University, USA Thomas W Miller Department of Psychiatry University of Kentucky, USA Gjumrakch Aliev Department of Medicine Gally International Biomedical Research & Consulting LLC, USA Christopher Bryant Department of Urbanisation and Agricultural Montreal university, USA Robert William Frare Oral & Maxillofacial Pathology New York University, USA Rudolph Modesto Navari Gastroenterology and Hepatology University of Alabama, UK Andrew Hague Department of Medicine Universities of Bradford, UK George Gregory Buttigieg Maltese College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Europe Chen-Hsiung Yeh Oncology Circulogene Theranostics, England Emilio Bucio-Carrillo Radiation Chemistry National University of Mexico, USA Casey J Grenier Analytical Chemistry Wentworth Institute of Technology, USA Hany Atalah Minimally Invasive Surgery Mercer University school of Medicine, USA Abu-Hussein Muhamad Pediatric Dentistry University of Athens , Greece Track Your Article Submit e-books We know the financial complexity of Individual Read More... Scholar Awards The annual scholar awards from Lupine Publishers honor a selected number Read More... Our Reprints Article Formats PDF PDF (Portable Document Format) is a file format that has captured all the elements of a printed document as an electronic image that you can view, navigate read more... Full Text A full-text database is a compilation of documents or other information in the form of a database in which the complete text of each referenced document is read more... E-Pub We honorably accept E-Pub that are written by scholars and influences the learning practice around the world. E-books form a growing part read more... LUPINE PUBLISHERS Aim & Scope We aim to frame tremendous standard international academic journals and strive to provide a congenial and candidly attainable podium for researchers all over the world to present their research victories and to reciprocate their ideas. Read More Lupine Publishers Group What do we do? The Lupine Publishers is an open medical and clinical research organization that gives acclaimed scientific authors and research experts a global platform to share their work among like-minded peers and help accumulate scientific knowledge in a singular repository. Read More Lupine Publishers Group Why publish with us? Our production process follows high standard to ensure quality publications. All manuscripts are endured to high level terminology compilation and bursting amendments, as well as being processed through QC progressions, to ensure trustworthiness. Read More Lupine Publishers Group To provide a platform which shall improvise pioneering theories in the midst of the researchers across the Globe. It encases the concept of interdisciplinary science that studies the societal and technological dimensions of knowledge evolution in digital society read more... Lupine Publishers Group Objectives We consider manuscripts that are merely prepared in accordance with the Guidelines framed by qualified Team. All the Manuscripts received are processed by us, with the commitment from the authors that they are not published or are not under consideration read more... Lupine Publishers Group Manuscript Guidelines Contact Us Lupine Publishers, LLC 57 West 57th Street, 3rd floor, New York - NY 10019, USA +1 (914) 407-6109 Fax - +1 (914) 465-7596 info@lupinepublishers.com Useful Links Home Aim and Scope Author Guidelines Subject Area Contact us FAQ's Sitemap About Us The Lupine Publishers is an open access medical and clinical research publication that gives acclaimed scientific authors and research experts a global platform to share their work among like-minded peers and help accumulate scientific knowledge in a singular repository. Feedback Leave a Comment Submit © 2017 Lupine Publishers LLC, All rights reserved. No part of this content may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means as per the standard guidelines of fair use. Creative Commons License Open Access by Lupine Publishers LLC is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Based on a work at www.lupinepublishers.com. Best viewed in | Above IE 9.0 version | Privacy Policy Feedback Tell us how we're doing! Name Name Email Enter a valid email address Message Enter your feedback Reprints Request for Hard Copy Scroll