Domestic A -Class Jiujiu boutique film, for a long time for a long time for adults to watch a free, Jiujiu boutique domestic Asian area and two districts, Japan and South Korea AAA Jiujiu Peach AV welcome to Shanghai Xiangying Yinwu Technology Company!13917769058 Homepage Company Case Case Exquisite Starts Personalized Business Card Design Christmas Card Customization and Production Products Company Equipment Products Color Packaging Menu Cooking Color Tags Label Bags Bags Bags Bag Our company Case COMPANY CASE Personalized Business Card Making Personalized Business Card Making Christmas greeting card customization and production product book Book Exquisite Stock Exquisite Desktop Company Equipment Company Equipment Company Equipment Company Equipment Company Equipment Company Equipment Company Equipment Products Equipment Color Book Color Packaging Package Menu recipes color tags envelope letter paper file Bag handbags, no gum, gums, tag, wash water pupa products, pockets, recipes, non -gum origami box enlightenment letter packets, water baptis babes, cards, records, recipes not dry glue packaging box customer cooperation reasons for customer cooperation boxes Professional!Team!Quality!Efficiency!Serve!After -sales!It is our unremitting pursuit!01? Professional full plan printing solution company.Deliven the 360 ​​-degree brand printing business to provide customers and enterprises with one -stop printing solutions to formulate printing solutions that are more in line with brand strategy.View details 02 team's strong customer service team and professional printing technicians to provide customers with one -to -one business service model, modern management and manufacturing system.View details 03 Quality Shanghai Xiangying India Technology Co., Ltd., serving many well -known Shanghai brands and various industries, advanced printing and processing equipment, sound quality management and products Check the creation of product printing.View details 04 efficiency efficiency is the vitality of the continuous development of the enterprise.It can quickly solve all problems in various aspects of printing in one stop, eliminating customers to seek troubles between different suppliers, reducing operating costs for customers, enterprises, and creating value.View details 05 service, while providing you with the entire printing scheme, we pay more attention to your service. We advocate customer interaction, make progress and growth with customers, and create a win -win view. View details 06 After -sales after -sales Complete after -sales service, urgent customers, difficult customers!Let you have no worries about it. View details. About us+more company introduction Shanghai Xiangying Yinwu Technology Co., Ltd. is a printing and packaging service company that integrates creative design, typesetting, proofing, printing, and rear. EssenceWe are specializing in cosmetics packaging boxes, boutique handmade boxes, brochures, handbags, non -dry glue, joint list, book and magazine printing And other mid -to -high -end business prints.Adhering to the service purpose of "excellent printing art, excellent quality, sincere and pragmatic, and customer first", the company is based on Shanghai and is facing the world.??? Our factory is located at No. 91 Dakang Road, Baoshan District. It introduces the new Hedeburg in Germany to open four -color, four open 5+1 printing machine, and the supporting equipment is complete. There are CTP versatile machines, film covering machines, fully automatic paste machines, mold -cut bars, ride dragons, and glue machines, with superior strength To ensure the quality requirements of the factory products and the speed requirements of customers.??? The company has always followed the customer's interests as the center, and provides customers with superior service solutions with the times. Through the scientific human resource management mechanism and the establishment of learning organizations With professional spiritual management and technical teams; printing is committed to making "excellent brand printing solutions" as the strategic goal of the enterprise. We continue to innovate and integrate Excellent industry resources, help customers solve the needs of customized, create an efficient cooperation model, help customer enterprises, improve their own brand growth, and seek a win -win situation in development Essence??? Shanghai Xiangying India Technology Co., Ltd. has a comprehensive customer service team and management system. We always focus on providing customers with high -quality services and products for customers. The spirit of integrity, efficient, hard work "is constantly aggressive on the road of printing to seek higher development for enterprises.View details company album+more friendship link link Taobao.com Sina.com Jingdong.com Renren.com Youku.com Tudou Potato Potato Potato Potato Potato Tudou.com Driven by the D-CODING Cloud Platform, log in to the entrance of the background in the entrance to launch the contract with qq qqqq telephone consultation 13917769058 021-51041058 Domestic A-class long-time boutique film, for a long time for adults to watch a free, Jiujiu boutique domestic Asia No. 1 area, Japan and South Korea AAA AAA Taoyao AV