Dijon Travel | Trekking, Adventure, Sailing, Cultural Tours in Turkey Tel: +90 388 232 21 12 Trekking, cruise, skiing and cultural discovery in Turkey +90 388 232 21 12 Email: info@dijontravel.com Dijon TravelEsenbey Mh.Paşakapı cd. Esen Apt. 19/1 Niğde Home Trekking Cappadocia Trek Cappadocia & Taurus Trek Cappadocia & Bolkar Trek Cappadocia, Bolkar – Sail Lycian way Trek Cappadocia & Bolkar Cappadocia, Sailing & Istanbul Cappadocia and Mt Nemrut Cappadocia, Taurus – Sail Lycia Trek and Sail Mount Ararat Mount Kaçkar Mount Taurus Cultural Anatolian Civilisations Eastern Turkey Fairy Chimneys, Lycia and Istanbul Istanbul, Cappadocia & Aegean coastal Nature and History Istanbul Cultural Tour of Turkey Cappadocia Daily Tours Istanbul – Cappadocia – Southwest coast (Pamukkale -Ephesus) Western Turkey Central Turkey & the Black Sea Highlights and Treasures of Turkey Cruise Lycia Trek and Sail Blue Voyages Turquoise Sailing Cappadocia, Bolkar – Sail Cappadocia, Taurus – Sail Winter Cappadocia Snow Walk Ski Touring Other Tours Cappadocia MTB Cappadocia Horse Riding Jeep Safari from Adana Jeep Safari Cappadocia and Taurus Useful Info The Team Contact English Français Español Türkçe TREKKING Explore CULTURAL DISCOVERY Explore WINTER ESCAPADES Explore BLUE CRUISE Explore EXCITING ACTIVITIES Explore Your own tailor-made vacation!Just for you and your family or your close friends, dream up your ideal trip and let us craft your vacation around your interests, your budget and your travel style. Experience the hidden treasures of Turkey at your own speed. Of course we ensure all aspects of your trip respect the recommended public health and sanitary guidelines. All transport is at half-capacity seating to ensure secure social distancing; for a minimum of 2 travellers you can travel anywhere in Turkey to the sites you want to visit as your own private group just with your guide. Sit back and enjoy your vacation, our travel consultants take the stress out of travel planning. About Dijon TravelTurkey offers a wide diversity of geographical areas and an unparalleled density of historic and cultural sites as well as great opportunities for sporting activities. Dijon Travel is a receptive travel agency specialising in varied and original vacations - small group trekking/adventures, cruising, mountainteering and cultural discovery programmes in every corner of Turkey. Please do not hesitate to contact us for any kind of tour (existing itineraries on our website or tailormade itinerary) Our perfectly bilingual guides are meticulously selected according to their experience in walking in mountainous areas and leading groups with good relational skills. They have in-depth cultural and historic knowledge of the areas visited and go the extra mile to make sure our guests are delighted with their stay in Turkey. Of course all our guides have obtained their cultural guiding licence qualification from the Turkish Tourism Ministry. We wish you a very pleasant vacation with us in a friendly and warm atmosphere. With our thanks, Özcan Ecemis, Manager Discover Turkey with us!Explore the beauty of Turkey with small group treks, blue cruises, cultural tours, skiing and snowshoe adventures, multi-activity holidays. Trekking Cultural Discovery Blue Cruise Winter Active Holidays OVER 23 YEARS' EXPERIENCE HAND-CRAFTED TREK AND TOUR PROGRAMMES HIGHLY-QUALIFIED KNOWLEDGEABLE TOUR GUIDES SELECTED CULTURAL SITES PASSION FOR WHAT WE DO Why Us? @dijontravel Dijon Travel is a receptive travel agency, specialised in small group trekking, adventure, sailing, cultural and active tours in and around Turkey. Secure Payment Pasakapi caddesi, Esen apt. No: 19/1 , 51100 Nigde - TURKEY Tel: +90 388 232 21 12 - Fax: +90 212 310 46 98 - info@dijontravel.com TERMS AND CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY Designed and hosted by AE Teknoloji TOP