Kiyo Interiors: First Class Interior Designing For Your Dream Home. Home About Services testimonials Contact × For Support Call +91 9080210738/+91 91760 88222 Architecture is Inhabited Sculpture Explore More Contact Us Real comfort, visual & physical, is vital to every room Explore More Contact Us A room is not a room without natural light Explore More Contact Us Kiyo loves to meet and work with you. Interiors have become THE Big Thing when it comes to construction. Every homeowners dream is to create the perfect house with the perfect interior that satisfies them. Mr. Sethupathy is the owner of Kiyo Interiors. Mr. Sethupathy is an experienced designer working with the aim of bringing what the client has envisioned to reality through his skills. Kiyo interiors & Architects an interior designing company based in Mangadu, Chennai. Walk through How our Service Works 01 Meet Your Designer It all begins with a form Let’s get acquainted. The more we learn about you, the better we can design your home. Get free consultation Talk to your designer and get personalised designs and quote for your dream home. Fill the form 02 Book Kiyo Interior Pay the booking amount to seal the deal Once you’re happy with what we’ve proposed, pay 5% of the final quote or Rs.25000 (whichever is higher) to book us. Finalise your home designIt’s time to deep dive into the nitty-gritties. Pick your favorite materials and finishes. 03 Place The Order Start the order process with 50% payment Finalise the design, and your project is now off to a good start. Work commences Civil work begins on site. Keep a tab on your project status on ‘My Account’. 04 Execution And Installation pay 35% at the execution milestone.Manufacturing of orders in process and you are mid way through your project. Installation orders get delivered on site and installation happens as per design. 05 Move In! Your dream home is now a reality! It’s time to make new memories! Do avail the free professional photoshoot session of your Kiyo Interior. What we do Modular Kitchen Kitchen is an important space when it comes to having a comfortable home. Bedroom Wardrobe has the ability to change the entire outlook of a room. Living Room The living room is at the heart of the house. Pooja Unit A pooja room is one space that most homeowners think about from the day they plan a move. Garden Garden design is the art and process of designing and creating plans for layout and planting of gardens and landscapes Institution Design Fullfilling childrens joyful minds is very challenging. Our Completed Projects Visit Visit We're known as India's most trusted interior design company. We aim to bring out the uniqueness in every client by collaborating with them to bring their ideas into reality. follow us Quick Links Home About Services Testimonials Contact . Services Modular Kitchen Bedroom Living Room Pooja Unit Garden Institution designs Contact Details No 138, Kundrathur Main Road, Mangadu, Chennai – 122. +91 9080210738 +91 91760 88222 +91 91760 99222 info@kiyointeriors.com Design & Developed by Softrate