TF Fitness Centre ABOUT ADVANTAGE CLASSES TESTIMONIALS MEMBERSHIP BLOG CONTACT BerwickFitnessCentre open 24 hours Timetable FITNESS CLASSES MARTIAL CLASSES begin today About us TF Fitness Centre is the only 24hour gym in Berwick upon Tweed providing a range of fitness classes including Metafit, Kettlercise®, Core Blast, Boxercise, Boot Camp, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Boxing and Muay Thai!Founded in 2013 by Thiago Ferreira and Camila Rodrigues with the purpose of bringing a fairly new sport to the United Kingdom and to Berwick, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Thiago and Camila knew they wanted to reach the needs of a much larger range of people than just those interested in BJJ, so the development of a 24 hour gym and fitness classes began. TF also offers consultations, personal training (programme development and one-to-one training) and exercise rehabilitation programmes. BEGIN NOW -- How did you hear about us? -- Friend or family Another gym member Google Facebook Instagram Local advertising -- What is your fitness goal? -- Losing weight Increasing strength Improving health Build muscle mass Group training Personal training Improving exercise technique Rehabilitation Specific sport training Martial arts Fitness classes Other -- What kind of membership are you interested in? -- Monthly membership Short term membership Anual membership Single sessions The form was submitted successfully! × Thiago Ferreira Thiago Ferreira has been involved with sport; in particular football since he was 8 years old, playing for high profile academies in Brazil and at the age of 19, he signed his first professional contract. A year later he was offered a contract to play football in Italy and over the course of his career, he had the pleasure to feature on some of the biggest stages in Italian football and achieved several titles; including being nominated best player in Italy a couple of times. Thiago played professionally until 2006 when he married his wife and business partner Camila Rodrigues and they moved to Berwick....It was also aged 19 that Thiago started his BJJ journey, training in whatever free time he had. His dedication and work ethic meant he achieved his blue belt under Professor Robson Medeiros in São Paulo Clube de Jiu Jitsu Pitbull, however when he moved to Italy, BJJ was put to the side. It wasn’t until 2010 that he restarted his BJJ journey under Professor Marcos Schubert where Thiago helped to establish and represent the Schubert UK team and was awarded his purple belt. In October 2018, Thiago had the honour to receive his black belt in London from his Professor, Marco Canha, owner of Checkmat Fightzone London.Alongside his intense BJJ training, MMA also took a priority and in 2011 he won his first MMA amateur fight – the three long and tough rounds gave him the motivation to continue his dedicated training. Following his debut, he had another 5 MMA fights building his record to 4 victories, 1 draw and 1 loss.Professor Thiago Ferreira teaches Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to all ages and levels in Berwick with a number of his students competing and gaining medals nationally. There is no expectation for any of our students to compete – the main motivation behind Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at TF Fitness Centre is to build a space for our community to learn a new sport, improve their fitness and have fun! Read more Camila Rodrigues Camila Rodrigues is a Sport and Exercise Coach with a BSc (Hons) Degree in Sport and Exercise Science. She has been working as a personal trainer, fitness coach and instructor since 2014 alongside running her sports massage clinic. Camila is extremely skilled in academics and is always working to improve her knowledge! With a background of scientific research fuelling her work as an Exercise and Health Therapist, as she is concluding her Masters in Sports and Exercise Science at Sunderland University....Camila is passionate about working with people to improve their lifestyle – whether that’s losing weight, training programmes to coexist with and improve their abilities within their sport of choice, rehabilitation from illness or injury, and has a fervent belief that fitness can be used to improve mental wellbeing – with sports and exercise psychology being a prominent part of her studies.In 2017 Camila ran the GetFit programme as part of her research towards her BSc (Hons) Degree, working with a group of 20 people who were mainly sedentary with physical and mental health issues; struggling to engage in regular exercise. Camila saw significant enhancement on their mental health, general wellbeing and physical fitness through this programme and the majority of the participants either continued to attend TF Fitness to this day or have engaged in other forms of exercising.Within TF Fitness Centre, Camila runs classes including; Functional Training, Core Blast, Stretch & Mobility and Boot Camp as well as running her ChangeMe Fit Performance Clinic. Through this clinic, she works one-to-one with clients to provide a more hands-on approach to their fitness. These one-to-ones can take a number of forms, be-it planning a programme for you and monitoring progress or having regular personal training sessions. It is also through this clinic that Camila runs her exercise rehabilitation – helping people to recover from illness or injury and giving them a safe entryway into fitness.Camila’s extensive knowledge in physical and mental health, as well as her knowledge of the human anatomy, means she can be trusted to train you in the safest way possible allowing you to still get enjoyment and results. Read more Advantages Explore Our Top advantages No long-term contract Our popular month to month plan is offered as pay as you work-out with no longterm contract Exercise round the clock Take advantage from gym's benefits 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in each plans available Best Equipment Practice on the best equipment global brands that addresses a wide range of people Dedicated gym app App users can book space at your gym's classes, with personal trainers Our Classes FITNESS CLASSES The classes below are all designed by our fitness coaches BoxingBlast⠀ view Boxing Blast 45 minutes high-intensity interval training, using boxing training concepts to keep fit.It involves shadow boxing, skipping, hitting pads, kicking punchbags, press-ups, shuttle runs and sit-ups.It is a fun cardio workout designed to release stress and suitable for everyone who wants to enjoy boxing training without getting hit. × Duration: 45mins CoreBlast⠀ view Core Blast 20 minutes intense conditioning exercise class to develop and strengthen stabilizer muscles. It is designed to tighten up the muscles of your torso, especially lower back and abdominal area.Core blast is a fun way to shred some pounds as well as increase core strength, tone abs, butt and legs, and improve posture by enhancing balance and stability. × Duration: 20mins FunctionalTraining(FT) view Functional Training (FT) 50 minutes exercise program to train your muscles to help you do everyday activities safely and efficiently.It includes a variety of functional movements at high intensity; using aerobic exercises, bodyweight movements and weightlifting.Functional training is designed to improve health and general well-being.It uses multi joined exercises to build strength, stimulate fat burning, improve posture, stability and core strength, effective complementary workout to support athletes from different sports and reduces the risk of injuries.It also involves working in a group, which has a social benefit helping to create new relationships. Suitable to all fitness level. × Duration: 50mins BootCamp⠀⠀ view BootCamp 1 hour and 30 minutes exercise program, focusing on training your muscles to help you do everyday activities safely and efficiently.It includes a variety of functional movements at high intensity; using aerobic exercises, bodyweight movements and weightlifting.Functional training is designed to improve health and general well-being.It uses multi joined exercises to build strength, stimulate fat burning, improve posture, stability and core strength, effective complementary workout to support athletes from different sports and reduces the risk of injuries.It also involves working in a group, which has a social benefit helping to create new relationships. Suitable for intermediate and advanced fitness level. × Duration: 1hour 30mins StretchandMobility view Stretch and Mobility 30 to 45 minutes gentle and calming exercise class to improve posture, health and daily functions.It is designed to enhance flexibility, increase range of motion, improve muscle activation, reduce fatigue and risk of injury.It is a low to moderate-intensity exercise class suitable for all ages and fitness level. × Duration: 30mins IndoorCycling⠀ view Indoor Cycling 45 min low impact and high-intensity exercise class designed to improve cardiovascular fitness but also endurance and strength.It is delivered in an encouraging and fun group setting, and it is suitable for all ages and fitness ability.*contains flashing lights × Duration: 45mins Kettlercise®⠀ view Kettlercise® 45 minutes body transformation, toning and weight loss system.It is a very effective fat burning exercise class designed to reshape and sculpt your body like never before.The class routine is set to work every major and minor muscle group using smaller kettlebell weights 2kg to 12kg.It’s a high volume, moderate intensity and none stop program. × Duration: 45mins Metafit⠀⠀ view Metafit 30 minutes, no choreographed, high-intensity interval training.It is a bodyweight workout, designed to keep your body burning calories long after your workout session is complete.Great way to boost your metabolism and rapidly burn fat! × Duration: 30mins BoogieBounce⠀ view Boogie Bounce We are the only authorized fitness facility in Berwick upon Tweed to deliver Boogie Bounce classes.50 minutes fitness class that uses a mini trampoline with a bespoke T-bar handle to deliver a full-body workout, high intensity and cardio workout.It is choreographed to energetic music and suitable for all ages and fitness level. Bouncing is a fun, funky, high energy and dynamic form of exercise.*contains flashing lights × Duration: 45mins MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES BrazilianJiu-Jitsu(BJJ) view Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) 1 hour to 1 hour and 30 minutes class of self-defense martial art and combat sport. It is based on ground fighting, grappling and submission holds.The aim of BJJ is to develop and enhance skills to control the opponent by gaining dominant positions and using a range of techniques to submit the opponent via joint locks and chokeholds.BJJ offers a range of physical, mental and social benefits such as:-losing weight and getting in shape-improve flexibility-increase strength-improves coordination and balance-efficient self-defense allowing you to enhance your confidence and knowledge-great stress relief-promotes resilience-critical thinking and problem solving-it teaches humidity and patience-great way for making friendsBJJ is a lifelong journey that welcomes people from all background, ages and fitness level; before you realize you have spent months and years with teammates who then became an extension of your family, your BJJ family. × Duration: 1hour MuayThai⠀ view Muay Thai 1-hour class of self-defense close combat sport originated in Thailand. It uses stand-up striking along with a range of clinching techniques, combining the use of fists, elbows, knees and shins.Muay Thai offers a range of physical, mental and social benefits such as:-effective way to lose way-improves flexibility-increases strength-improves coordination and balance-improves agility, speed and accuracy-improves confidence-great stress relief-builds mental toughness-it teaches humidity and resilience-great way for widening your social circle.Our Muay Thai classes are suitable to all ages and fitness levels. × Duration: 45mins BEGIN NOW Testimonials The delivery from TF Fitness Crew has been exceptional!Sarah Owston×Being a member of the gym have been brilliant. The guys from TF Fitness have done such a fantastic job… Once you’ve done a class, you just feel brilliant!Nadine Moore×They have got classes every single day to suit every single member. Thank you TF!Lauren Adams×They have offered me to use some of their equipment during this pandemic. That may not seem a lot to some people, but for me that was massive! I just want to thank you.Lachlan MacRae×It is an absolutely brilliant thing that TF Fitness are offering.Jevon Leighton×I certainly have got to say it has been great for us. Thanks!Diane Leighton×I am very thankfull for TF Fitness Gym. They keep me up to date and healthy!Cody Leighton×It’s been really healthful to have built that community, friendship and family with TF Fitness!Ayshea Johnston×The workouts are always challenging. We never get bored with them!Jennifer Forrester×I joined the class with some help of the group members. It’s been great seeing everybody! Thank you.Susan Rutherford× Monthly Memberships - 6 Months Contract 24h Gym membership pm - £36.99 24h Gym membership plus unlimited classes* pm - £42.99 Teen membership (13 to under 17 years) - classes membership only pm - £38.99 Junior classes membership pm - £41.99 Services* 24h Gym membership plus unlimited classes* pm - £34.99 Please note, these memberships have a minimum term period of 180 days BEGIN NOW Monthly Memberships - 12 Months Contract 24h Gym membership pm - £33.99 24h Gym membership plus unlimited classes* pm - £39.99 Teen membership (13 to under 17 years) - classes membership only pm - £35.99 Junior classes membership pm - £39.99 Services* 24h Gym membership plus unlimited classes* pm - £31.99 Please note, these memberships have a minimum term period of 365 days BEGIN NOW Drop Sessions Classes - £6.00 Gym Session - £7.00 BEGIN NOW Annual Memberships(Upfront payment, giving 10% Off from 12 months contract) 24h Gym membership - £367.00 24h Gym membership plus unlimited classes* - £431.89 Teen membership (13 to under 17 years) - classes membership - £388.69 Junior classes membership - £431.89 Services* 24h Gym membership plus unlimited classes* - £345.49 Please note, the 10% discount is already applied. BEGIN NOW Short Term Options (upfront payment) 1 Month 24h Gym access - £42.99 Please note, this membership have a minimum term period of 30 days 1 Month 24h Gym access plus unlimited classes - £46.99 Please note, this membership have a minimum term period of 30 days 1 week 24h Gym access - £18.50 2 weeks 24h Gym access - £27.50 Please note, this membership have a minimum term period of 7 days 1 week 24h Gym access plus unlimited classes - £21.50 2 weeks 24h Gym access plus unlimited classes - £32.00 Please note, this membership have a minimum term period of 14 days BEGIN NOW Membership We offer a number of different memberships to suit your needs from monthly, annual, short term and drop in sessions. Joining and MembershipFreezing Fees All memberships excluding Weekly Memberships have an £12.00 joining fee – the Weekly Memberships have a joining fee of £3.00.*All memberships excluding Annual Memberships, 1 Month Short Term and Weekly Memberships can be frozen for £2.99 per month. This is a great option if you know you aren’t going to make it for a while but don’t want to completely cancel your membership with us! HOW TO JOIN To start your membership you may contact us on Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp icon on this website footer.You may also phone us on 07788 716764 / 07867 558379 / 01289331724 and we will arrange a time for you to come in and get set-up! By taking a membership with TF Fitness Centre, you accept the terms and conditions to use TF Fitness Centre's facilities. HERE you find a copy of our terms and conditions. Contact Us The form was submitted successfully! Woolmarket Berwick upon Tweed TD15 1DH Phone: 07788 716764 E-mail: [email protected] Follow Us Follow-us and join so much more Instagram⠀ Youtube⠀ Facebook⠀ Copyright © 2020 TF Fitness Centre Construído com carinho por