sMotion – Motion Designer Hello and welcome! I am Issam - a Motion Designer / Illustrator and Video Editor with over 6 years of experience. I specialize in creating engaging and effective explainer videos that help businesses tell their stories. I call my workspace as Frame studio Want to know more? Don't hesitate to drop me a line for a chat or a virtual coffee! issameleyann@gmail.com Home Illustration Showreel About Contact Watch Showreel All 2D Motion 3D Motion Illustration Video Production 2D&3D Illustrations 2D Animation: Yoga Time 3D Dymanics – Cinema 4D 3D Sci-Fi – Cinema 4D Motion Graphics – Mentimeter Motion Graphics – Visslan Puss in Boots: The Last Wish Brand Animation – Storytel Brand Animation – Ensightful Explainer Animation – Gempathy Explainer Video – Buzzin Explainer Video – Rogah Video Production – XUMO movies Explainer Video – Viewber Explainer Video – AMR Agency Animation Production Process Meeting and BriefingWe will begin with a briefing session over a virtual meeting, where we’ll discuss the target audience for your explainer video, the animation style, visuals, deadline, and other relevant details. Script WritingOur team will craft a well-crafted script that will allow you to narrate an engaging and compelling story about your business, product, or service. StoryboardWe will provide you with a storyboard that delivers an idea of the video’s look and feel, including the characters, setting, and other key elements. IllustrationsOur graphic designers will create a unique visual style and turn the storyboard into stunning set of illustrations that effectively convey your message and captivate your audience. Sound EffectsWe provide premium, unique music and sound effects that reinforce the message of your animated explainer video. The end result will be an Explainer video with exceptional sound quality. Voice-OverWe work with highly skilled voice artists who can provide a compelling voiceover for your video. You have the freedom to select the voice, gender, and language that best suits your project. AnimationOur skilled team specializes in breathing life into static illustrations by animating them to craft an engaging story that effectively conveys your message and captivates your audience. Gained the trust of brands across the globe. “It’s a pleasure to work with Issam. He is proficient Animator & Designer and consistently delivers on time. I look forward to collaborating on more projects with him.” “Like always, it was pleasant to work with. Issam knows exactly what we wanted, communicated well and delivered a great work. Will certainly hire him again.” “Issam can transform your thoughts into motion graphic video and everything he delivered is accurate and he’s always open for changes and handle them well!” Hit enter to search or ESC to close May We Suggest?