Lifewave | Elevate, Activate, Regenerate Lifewave | Elevate, Activate, Regenerate Log In Tammy Batchelor Brand Partner: Tammy Batchelor ID, US Choose Country English English Spanish German Japanese French ไทย Italian Polish Turkish Chinese Romanian Danish Shop All Products Promotions X39® & X49™ Performance Bundle Aromatherapy Patches Skin Care Science Opportunity Overview Events Calendar About Us About LifeWave X39 Reviews Leadership Awards Newsroom Customer Service Join Select page ] ; Activate Your Stem Cells As we age, our stem cells decline in their ability to heal our bodies. Imagine if we could activate our stem cells and reset them to support wellness and health. This would boost vitality in a completely non-invasive, safe and cost-effective way. We did it! LifeWave X39® provides the body with a level of health and vitality that you have not experienced since you were in your youth. Backed by 20 years of development, LifeWave X39® patches have been demonstrated to provide an abundance of health benefits.* Activate Your Stem Cells As we age, our stem cells decline in their ability to heal our bodies. Imagine if we could activate our stem cells and reset them to a younger, healthier state.This would be healing in a completely non-invasive, safe and cost-effective way. We did it! The LifeWave X39® is clinically proven to provide the body with a level of health and vitality that you have not experienced since you were in your youth. Backed by multiple clinical studies and 20 years of development, the LifeWave X39® patch has been demonstrated to provide an abundance of health benefits. X39 Reviews LifeWave X39® Story DOWNLOAD NOW Clinical Evidence Benefits The LifeWave X39® patch is designed to elevate a copper peptide known to activate stem cells SUPPORTS RELIEF OF MINOR ACHES AND PAINS MAINTAINS HEALTHY INFLAMMATORY RESPONSE SUPPORTS NATURAL WOUND HEALING PROCESS ENHANCES SPORTS PERFORMANCE MENTAL CLARITY IMPROVED SKIN APPEARANCE ENERGY & VITALITY FASTER RECOVERY FROM EXERCISE How the LifeWave X39® patch came to be... How the LifeWave X39® patch came to be... "Energy...Better Sleep...Mental Clarity" 'I'm using them for one week: - improved energy - better sleep - amazing sensation of serenity and mental clarity' ROCCO PELLE “I Love It!”'It makes a really good feeling on my back, I have a disc prolapse and had surgery in 2007.I patch local on my back and it makes a big difference!!!!! I LOVE IT !!!!!!!'KARIN WITZ"I Feel Very Relaxed And Very Clear In Mind"'I feel very relaxed and very clear in mind after start using the x 39.I also sleep much better. I still have no pain after my first patches so I don't feel any difference there.'ANN KRISTIN TOPP Discover Our Other Products Shop Promotions X39® & X49™ Performance Bundle Aromatherapy Patches Skin Care Science Opportunity Events Calendar Member Policies Join Company Leadership Awards Newsroom Customer Service Privacy Policy Our Sites Alavida by LifeWave LifeWave Training LifeWave Aculife Disclaimer: Our patches are based on the theory of phototherapy. The patches are not proven based on conventional medicine standards and should not be used in place of medical care. © Lifewave 2024 × Select your country and language Please select your country so we may present you with the LifeWave products available in your region. Choose Country Choose Country Albania Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bonaire Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Faroe Islands Finland Finland-Aland France France - French Guiana France - French Reunion France - Guadeloupe France - Martinique Germany Gibraltar Greece Greenland Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary Iceland Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Malaysia Malta Mexico Monaco Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Polynesia Portugal Romania Saint Martin Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Spain Canary Islands St. Barthelemy Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Choose your Language English Spanish German Japanese French ไทย Italian Polish Turkish Chinese Romanian Danish Submit Due to regional availability, if you change your country during shopping, your cart will be reset and items available to you may change. ×Close ×Close Find Your Enroller Search for your enroller by entering their LifeWave ID number, first or last name Search Results ×Close Selecting “Not for Resale” Shopping will clear your cart and reveal products that may not be resold. To return to regular shopping click “Back to Shopping” under Products. Continue Important Notice Please note, the name on the account does not match the credit card being used to complete this purchase of LifeWave product. To minimize risks of fraud and to remain compliant with the LifeWave policies and procedures, we ask that the LifeWave account holder use their own credit card to purchase products on their own account. By clicking "I accept", you understand that LifeWave may choose to contact you regarding this order and could reject this transaction if we, in our sole discretion, feel the intent was to circumvent our compensation plan in any way. If the credit card belongs to the account holder you may ignore this message, however, we still ask that you accept the terms and conditions to proceed. I accept and agree to the Policies and Procedures Cancel Proceed