Bridge bearing pads,UHMW sheet,borated polyethylene| China Manufacturer Sanyou Plasticization Home About Us Company Introduction Development History R & D Center Products UHMWPE Bridge Bearing UHMWPE Sheet Ground Protection Mats Borated Polyethylene Sheet UHMWPE Liner Sheet Synthetic Ice UHMWPE Parts Outrigger Pad News Cases Services Company Services FAQ Solution Contact Us X English 中文 Home About Us Company Introduction Development History R & D Center Products UHMWPE Bridge Bearing UHMWPE Sheet Ground Protection Mats Borated Polyethylene Sheet UHMWPE Liner Sheet Synthetic Ice UHMWPE Parts Outrigger Pad NEWS Cases Services Company Services FAQ Solution CONTACT US Hot Products Synthetic Ice 1 MORE Ultra high wear-resistant bridge support UHMWPE board MORE UHMWPE Outrigger Pad 1 MORE Synthetic ice 2 MORE Wear-resistant UHMWPE board MORE UHMW MACHINED PARTS MORE Synthetic Ice 1 MORE Ultra high wear-resistant bridge support UHMWPE board MORE UHMWPE Outrigger Pad 1 MORE Synthetic ice 2 MORE Wear-resistant UHMWPE board MORE UHMW MACHINED PARTS MORE We Are Sanyou We Create What You Want ! Henan Sanyou Plasticization Engineering Development Co., Ltd.is located in Tengfei Avenue,Yigou Town, Tangyin County,Anyang,Henan Province,China.My company has engineering and technical personnel 20, and covers an area of 1500 square meters, is the present domestic research production of high-performance engineering plastic products. One of the largest manufacturers with the current domestic advanced production lines, advanced equipment, using the Japanese production technology, equipment in Germany, and nanometer… MORE We Are Sanyou We Create What You Want ! Henan Sanyou Plasticization Engineering Development Co., Ltd.is located in Tengfei Avenue,Yigou Town, Tangyin County,Anyang,Henan Province,China.My company has engineering and technical personnel 20, and covers an area of 1500 square meters, is the present domestic research production of high-performance engineering plastic products. One of the largest manufacturers with the current domestic advanced production lines, advanced equipment, using the Japanese production technology, equipment in Germany, and nanometer… MORE Henan Sanyou Plastic Engineering Development CO., LTD. has passed the ISO9001 certification and has been awarded the "contract and trustworthy enterprise" by the government and "the quality management standard enterprise".The company has many years of experience, with abundant technical force, advanced equipment and facilities, scientific management system, adhere to "quality first, credit supremacy" as the purpose. Henan Sanyou Plastic Engineering Development CO., LTD. With a new spirit and you create a brilliant tomorrow. The company has passed the ISO 9001 certification. Being awarded by the government "respecting contracts and keeping promises" The company has many years of experience, strong technical force, advanced equipment and facilities Scientific management system, adhere to "quality first, credit supremacy" solution uhmwpe skating rink MORE Food grade cutting board MORE Scraper MORE uhmwpe board MORE Ground Protection Mats MORE synthetic ice MORE PE cutting board MORE UHMWPE Bridge Bearing MORE Our Latest Projects Polymer conveyor belt pallet partner UHMWPE coal bucket, coal bunker liner partner UHMWPE coal bunker liner partner Hopper lining sheet partner Our Services Of PE Products The company has passed the ISO9001 quality certification, and is awarded by the government "contract and trustworthy enterprise" The complete variety and one-stop shopping ODM: Customized to meet all your needs OEM: We can produce any your design QC: Strict inspection process and production process. The complete variety and one-stop shopping ODM: Customized to meet all your needs News Center At present, it is one of the largest manufacturers of high-performance engineering plastics in China, with advanced products. Travel to one of the eight ancient capitals of China--Luoyang In March 2023, our factory not only gave our customers the maximum profit, but also gave our employees a wonderful trip... 2023-07-31 MORE Christmas is simple and warm Christmas 2021 is simple and warm. Many people are busy. We have not stopped, let alone forget this simple happiness. . . . . . Let us cherish this wonderful time together. . . . 2023-05-31 MORE 2019-07-15 Company's annual meeting Everything seems very curious and very grand. Everything is well arranged by the responsible person. The chartered car sent us to the designated hotel, arranged 10 tables for each person to sit on the table, arrived at the venue, everyone signed in order, led a red scarf with the company logo, a random personal number. MESSAGES CHAT NOW Hot Recommended UHMWPE Bridge Bearing UHMWPE Sheet Ground Protection Mats Borated Polyethylene Sheet UHMWPE Liner Sheet Synthetic Ice UHMWPE Parts Outrigger Pad Contact Us Phone: +86 17337208596 E-mail: aliceguo@sanyousuhua.com Whatsapp: +86 17337208596 Add: Tengfei Avenue,Yigou Town,Tangyin County,Anyang,Henan Province, China Inquiry send message Copyright © Henan Sanyou Plasticization Engineering Development Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved Technical Support : COVERWEB TOP