Home | VERITY Skip to content Once Upon a Leader is available to order now! Grab your copy → Services Career Transition and Outplacement Career Transition Executive Transition Retirement Readiness Leadership Development and Coaching Assessments Leadership Development Executive Development Coaching Organizational Development Insights Once Upon a Leader Blog Resources Case Studies About Us Company Leadership Locations Menu Services Career Transition and Outplacement Career Transition Executive Transition Retirement Readiness Leadership Development and Coaching Assessments Leadership Development Executive Development Coaching Organizational Development Insights Once Upon a Leader Blog Resources Case Studies About Us Company Leadership Locations Contact us about our services Contact us to start your program iCM LOGIN Menu Services Career Transition and Outplacement Career Transition Executive Transition Retirement Readiness Leadership Development and Coaching Assessments Leadership Development Executive Development Coaching Organizational Development Insights Blog Resources Case Studies About Us Company Leadership Locations Contact us about our services Contact us to start your program iCM LOGIN Practical solutions for the people sideof business Products can be copied. Customer service levels can be matched. Technology quickly becomes obsolete. It is your people that drive your competitive advantage and results. We deliver learning, growth and discovery – one person, one team and one organization at a time. We care, and we are here to help. Career Transition and Outplacement Our personalized career transition support gives individuals at all levels the tools they need to move forward in their career Explore the options Explore the options Leadership Development and Coaching We focus on relevant and easy-to-apply strategies to help your people excel in today’s fast-paced workplaces Get the details Get the details Organizational Development We are passionate about building successful organizations, and take great care to develop solutions for the unique complexities of your business Learn more Learn more Featured Insights A Focus on Renewal for the New YearA guide to help you reflect on the past year, with some practical strategies to implement that will help you restore and reenergize in the year ahead.Read more Does Your Organization Have a Critical Thinking Gap?What happens when critical thinking declines in organizations and how you can close the gap.Read more Latest News Verity announces new book by Rick Lash and Christine Miners We are pleased to announce the launch of Once Upon a Leader: Finding the Story at the Heart of Your Leadership. In this transformative guide to leadership development, executive coaches and leadership experts Rick Lash, PhD Psychology, Senior Associate and Christine Miners, Managing Director, Talent Management at Verity International, illuminate how your internal narrator acts as the operating system of your mind—and how, like any OS, it can become outdated and overstretched. Read more Read more Verity International Limited 200 Town Centre Boulevard, Suite 201 Markham, ON L3R 8G5 905-752-2222 Newsletter Sign up to get our latest insights Subscribe Connect Linkedin Twitter Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Verity Remote © 2024 Verity International - All rights reserved © 2024 Verity International - All rights reserved Book your next speaking engagement Let us know more details about your speaking engagement or event and one of our team members will be in touch as soon as possible.You can also call us at: 416-862-8422 Submit Get in Touch We are here to help. Fill out your information, and one of our team members will be in touch. You can also call us at: 416-862-8422 Submit iCareerManager Log In Username Password Reset password Launch your program today Fill out the form and a member of our team will be in touch to get you started. You can also give us a call to start your program:1-877-623-2396 Submit By submitting this form, you agree to have our team contact you about starting your program with Verity. Your information will not be used for other purposes or shared with third parties. Refer to our Privacy Policy for more information. Launch your program today Fill out the form and a member of our team will be in touch to get you started. You can also give us a call to start your program:1-877-623-2396 Submit By submitting this form, you agree to have our team contact you about starting your program with Verity. Your information will not be used for other purposes or shared with third parties. Refer to our Privacy Policy for more information.