Koch • Intellectual Property Toggle navigation Koch • Intellectual Property Home Patents Trademarks Internet Litigation Articles About Contact 1-800-947-7572 1-800-947-7572 Contact Toggle navigation Home About Services Information Contact Back to tutorial Koch | Hamilton Invention Centre Intellectual Property Law Firm Patent We have expertise in the area of utility patents, design patents, technology know how, confidential information and trade secrets. We also have experience in the less known protective rights including plant breeders rights and integrated circuit topographies protection. Patents: More Information Trademark A trademark can be a word, a symbol, a logo, a distinguishing shape, or a slogan that is distinctive of your goods and/or services. Registration affords protection in the country in which a registration is obtained. Trademarks can be renewed indefinitely. Trademarks: More Information Internet & Copyright Copyrightable works need not necessarily be registered in order to obtain protection. We provide consulting to computer programmers, artists, photographers and others who create copyrightable works. Internet & Copyright: More Information Litigation You may have protection under one or more Statutes or under the common law against infringers and illegal copiers. Patent rights, trademark rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, trade dress rights, passing off rights, domain name rights are all enforced through the civil courts. Litigation: More Information Mark A. Koch Professional Corporation is an intellectual property law firm practicing in the area of patent law, trademark law, copyright law, internet law and IP litigation . Mark A. Koch lawyer, engineer and founding member established the office in 1997. The firm is registered to practice directly before the Canadian and United States patent and trademark offices. The firm assists industry both large and small as well as individual inventors and entrepreneurs in securing patents, trademarks, copyrights, and plant breeders rights. In addition the firm is experienced in aiding its clients in bringing their products to market including licensing or sale of intellectual property assets. Initial consultation of up to one hour is offered at a flat fee of $175.00 + hst. Please call or email to make an appointment. Contact Now Patents We have expertise in the area of utility patents, design patents, technology know how, confidential information and trade secrets. We also have experience in the less known protective rights including plant breeders rights and integrated circuit topographies protection. Utility Patents Design Patents Know How Trade Secrets Integrated Circuit Topographies Plant Breeders Rights Confidential Information Licensing Patent Information Trademarks A trademark can be a word, a symbol, a logo, a distinguishing shape, or a slogan that is distinctive of your goods and/or services. Registration affords protection in the country in which a registration is obtained. Trademarks can be renewed indefinitely. Fox 40 Sonik Bull Muscle Wild Honeys Dual-Driver 38 Special Putt-Away Flip Face Visucon Seneca Ozen Opal Mingle Rapid Fit Even Glo Toolneeds Copperoad Lasercoach Distinct Man Royal Cuisine Tagged by Kindness Trademark Information Internet & Copyright Copyrightable works need not necessarily be registered in order to obtain protection. We provide consulting to computer programmers, artists, photographers and others who create copyrightable works. Software Programs Artistic Works Literary Works Musical Works Domain Names Internet & Copyright Information Litigation You may have protection under one or more Statutes or under the common law against infringers and illegal copiers. Patent rights, trademark rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, trade dress rights, passing off rights, domain name rights are all enforced through the civil courts. Infringement of Patents Infringement of Trademarks Infringement of Copyrights Passing of Actions Breach of Confidentiality and Trade Secrets Trademark Oppositions Misappropriation of Trade Dress Plant Breeders Rights License Enforcement Litigation Information Contact Mark A. Koch Professional Corporation & Hamilton Invention Center 583 Main St E Hamilton, On L8M 1J4 905 549-5880 (Phone) 905 296-8709 (Fax) 800 947-7572 (Toll Free) Patents Introduction Gallery Frequently Asked Litigation Articles About Koch Trademarks Introduction Types of trademarks Trademark requirements Selecting strong trademarks Protecting your name Limitations of NUANS search Rights obtained through ... The application process Use of the trademark Copyright & Internet Introduction Internet Domain Name Protection Protecting Domain Names Domains and Trademarks How to Obtain a Domain Name Protecting a Domain Name Wikipedia Patent Law Trademark Law Copyright Law Internet Law IP Litigation All Content © 2024 • Development @ Albodigital Outdated browser detected, please consider upgrading! content