DEPARTMENT OF LIBRARY AND INFORMATION SCIENCE(LIS) Home About Staff Achievements Contact Kwara State University DEPARTMENT OF LIBRARY AND INFORMATION SCIENCE (LIS) Get Started Brief History of the Department Mission/Vision/Goals The mission of the Department is to equip students with the professional requisite knowledge and skills in librarianship and information science, which will enhance their competencies in coping with modern challenges in information management. The vision of the Department is to be a world-class training center for librarians, information scientists, and knowledge managers. The Department of Library and Information Science (LIS) of the Kwara State University was established during the 2009/2010 academic session to run a 4-year Bachelor's degree in Library and Information Science (BLIS). The Department was one of the foundation departments of the University at its inception and was housed in the College of Information and Communication Technology of the University, alongside two other departments namely: the Department of Mass Communication and the Department of Computer Science. The creation of the College was to bring like disciplines together under the same umbrella to enhance cross-fertilization of ideas at the point of learning, and to produce all-round information managers, who will be highly useful to the nation and globally. From the humble beginning in the 2009/2010 session, the Department has continued to record a steady rise and as of 2021/2022 has graduated well over 500 students. The department is equipped with adequate lecture rooms, a departmental training library, cataloging and classification laboratories, and a multimedia technology laboratory. All these are geared towards producing well-trained information scientists through effective teaching and learning. The Department is scheduled to begin its postgraduate programs in 2023. Welcome Note Programmes/Activities Some of the programs and/or activities in the Department include the following: Ph.D. in Library and Information Science. Master’s Degree in Library and Information Science. Bachelor’s Degree in Library and Information Science. Part-time bachelor’s degree program (Institute of Distance Learning) through partnerships and joint initiatives. Top-up/HND Conversion Degree Programme among others: WELCOME ADDRESS I am delighted to welcome you to the Department of Library and Information Science of Kwara State University, which is dedicated to advancing the University's mission and vision in research, teaching, community development, and entrepreneurship. At the Department, you will have the desirable opportunities to be taught by world-class faculty/lecturers committed to helping you get the best of university education, connect with the brightest of students to inspire innovative ideas, and experience memorable meaningful academic discussions. All these will allow you to develop relationships that will last a lifetime. You are enjoined to take advantage of our superlative University Library and other numerous services in the university to help you reach your full potential. While all of us at the Department are strongly committed to your success, I am confident that you will put in a lot of effort in your studies, seek and appreciate other people’s viewpoints, make use of the wide range of activities the University offers, look for ways to give back to your communities in exchange and develop entrepreneurial skills that will be relevant to you after the completion of your studies. Dr. Kennedy Arebamen EIRIEMIOKHALE Achievements/Milestones/Plans MILESTONES The following are the major highlights of the Departmental achievements/milestones/plans: The Department enjoys full accreditation of our undergraduate program by the National University Commission (NUC). A lecturer in the Department was awarded the Most Performing University Lecturer of the Year by the Kwara State Government; The Department obtained the University Senate approval for the commencement of postgraduate programs in 2023; Some of our lectures have been appointed to the editorial boards of different reputable international journals; A graduate of the Department, Joana Nnazua Kolo at 26 years of age, became the youngest commissioner in the history of Nigeria; One of our students won the National Essay Competition for all the undergraduate students of Library and Information Science in Nigeria; Two (2) of our students were published in the magazine of the 3rd Annual Conference of N-LISSA. The Department has continuously attracted top-notch lecturers on sabbatical leave; OUR STAFF Dr. Kennedy Arebamen EIRIEMIOKHALE Lecturer I/Sub-Dean, Faculty of ICT; Coordinator, Department of Library and Information Science. Email: kennedy.eiriemiokhale@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +2347038990698 Professor Abdulwahab Olanrewaju ISSA Professor & Former University Librarian Email: abdulwahabo.issa@kwasu.edu.ng TEL:+2348056362529 Dr Moses Oladele IBEUN Email:ibeun.oladele@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+2348054504198 Mr Abdullahi A. BAKARE Email:abdullahi.bakare@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348100040342 Abdulazeez Akande Email:abdulazeez.akande@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:08032275267 Mr. KabirAlabi SULAIMAN Email:kabir.sulaiman@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2347060490546 Mr. Ismail Olatunji ADEYEMI Email:ismail.adeyemi@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348100309451 Mrs. Jemilat Biogera ABUBAKAR Email:jemilat.abubakar@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348164155718 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Library and Information Science, Kwara State University, Malete. Tel: +234-7038990698 Email: lms@kwasu.edu.ng . Coordinator Dr. Kennedy Arebamen EIRIEMIOKHALE Tel: +234-7038990698 Email:kennedy.eiriemiokhale@kwasu.edu.ng Professor & Former University Librarian Abdulwahab Olanrewaju ISSA Tel:+234-8056362529 Email: abdulwahabo.issa@kwasu.edu.ng https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/ © Copyright Kwara State University.