Builders in karaikudi | | JKRaam Builder +91 94431 69891 karthik.jkraambuilders@gmail.com 08 AM - 10 PM Toggle navigation Home Who we are Services Portfolio Testimonials Contact We Build Home & Everlasting Relationship JKraam Builders A trustworthy builder We Make Client’s Dreams Come True view services Looking for a quality and affordable constructor for your next project? Call Now Who We Are? All About US J.K.RAAM BUILDERS is a multifaceted construction company with no restrictions in operating location. We don’t confine ourselves within a region. We have the ability to operate our projects in any part of Tamilnadu. We undertake construction works of residential, commercial complexes, ware houses educational buildings and like. We have successfully completed our projects in various locations. WE ARE BEST IN TOTAL SURVEYING Total station is a surveying equipment. We are a best constructing company. Read Details SOIL TESTING We conduct soil test as a mandatory practice to approach the foundation of the structure in a scientific way. Read Details INTERIOR & MODULAR KITCHEN We are leading manufacturer of Modular Kitchen and Interior Designers. We are a Best Modular kitchen designers. Read Details ARCHITECTURAL DRAWING Trendy Architectural Design which impress the client and we aim it to be a benchmark for the locality. Read Details LAND SCAPING We bring a vast amount of knowledge and experience to every project we work on. Read Details STRUCTURAL DRAWING Robust Structural Design for long lasting building which live with your generations. We are a Best designers. Read Details our service The Best Construction Company Total station surveying We conduct soil test as a mandatory practice to approach the foundation of the structure in a scientific way We believe building is a collaboration of both scientific and Spiritual entity, so we strictly follow Vasthu rules in planning. Robust Structural Design for long lasting building which live with your generations. Trendy Architectural Design which impress the client and we aim it to be a benchmark for the locality. Innovative Interior design and erection, with our dexterous skills we are delivering False Ceiling, Modular Kitchen and other interior works. We do offer consultancy services on Vasthu, Planning & designing, Project Management, Estimation and Cost management. OUR projects Great & Awesome Works All Buildings Interior Modular Kitchen Bed Cot & Cupboard Wall Partition Tv Cupboard View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project View Project work with us Lets Get Offer We are what we build We believe that constructing homes is an art and as such we like to think of our business as that of ‘building’ enduring relationships through enduring structures. Call Now latest work Construction World 14 Aug Modular kitchen work Posted By Karthik We are leading manufacturer of Modular Kitchen in trichy and Interior Designers in trichy . 2 Comments Read More 14 Aug Tv Cupboard Work Posted By Karthik we are leading manufacturer of Tv Cupboard in trichy and Interior Designers in trichy 2 Comments Read More 14 Aug Interior Work Posted By Karthik We are the best interior design company in trichy who is best in providing trendy designs to your interior spaces at affordable price structure. 2 Comments Read More Our Work Subscribe our email newsletter today to receive our special offer JKRaam Builder Your project is unique & requires a specific set of skills. We’ll work with you to identify your individual needs & build a specialist team that is bespoke for the job at hand. We believe that every project deserves the upmost care and attention from commencement to completion, whatever the contract value. Recent Posts The road to success is always under con-struction The road to success is always under con-struction Office Address 7/10/1A, Vivekananda street,Sriramnagar,kottaiyur, karaikudiSivagangai(dt),Tamilnadu. +91 94431 69891 karthik.jkraambuilders@gmail.com Give Us A Call +91 94431 69891 or CALL NOW Copyright © JK Builders All rights reserved visitor count