Look Top Roofing | Home Home About Us Services Roofing shingles cleaning Fibre Cement Board Truss roofing Project Gallery Contact Us 2021 Look Top Roofing Quality you can afford A name you trust Welcome To LOOK TOP ROOFING VIEW MORE Quality you can afford A name you trust Welcome To LOOK TOP ROOFING VIEW MORE 40 years company warranty 5 years service warranty Read More LOOK TOP ROOFING Looktop roofing is a professional company providing Roofing shingles all over India around 13 years of experience in roofing and water proofing products. We are currently one of the biggest players in roofing shingles in Kerala and we deal with world class roofing brands like BP -Canada ; Easy roofing. Contact us View Brochure Our Services We are an ambitious team and want to achieve world success through setting goals.Look Top is always ready for the new challenges and willing to tackle a job and get it done right. Truss roofing A timber roof truss is a structural framework of timbers designed to bridge the space above a room and to provide support for a roof. Trusses usually occur at regular intervals, linked by longitudinal timbers such as purlins. Roofing with Shingles ( laminated roofing) Organic-based asphalt shingles are manufactured with a base ( also termed mat or substrate) made of various cellulose fibres such as recycled waste paper and wood fibres.This organic base is then saturated with specially formulated asphalt coating and surfaced with weather resistant mineral granules.Shingles are made of various materials such as wood , slate, flagstone, fibre. View More Fibre Cement Board Backed by our immense experience and knowledge, we are involved in distributing and supplying best quality Cement Fiber Board from Palakkad, Kerala, India. Fiber cement board (FCB) is an autoclaved cellulose fiber cement board which is 100% free from asbestos. The cement core makes it water resistant and this board can retain its strength even in a wet state. n fibre cement there is fibre reinforcement with cement, which contributes to making the fibre-cement material even stronger. Today fibre cement is considered as a material physically suited for construction products such as cladding and roofing. FCS have a long list of advantages that make them superior to conventional building materials View More Roofing shingles cleaning Asphalt shingle roof tiles come with a wide range of different benefits that make them an attractive proposition for many homeowners across the country. They're incredibly versatile by design, allowing them to be adapted to many different angles, shapes and forms depending on your needs. They also bring with them an incredible design variety (particularly when it comes to color palette options), letting you really end up with a unique-looking visual approach to your home. In addition to unnecessary wear and tear on your roof tiles from the weather, the number one concern that you should have if you don't regularly clean your asphalt shingle roof is moss growth. View More Our Gallery Roofing shingles increase the longevity of all kinds of structures, provide due protection and enhance the looks of buildings in urban and rural areas alike. Choose your roof by style. Choose Your Roof By Color. Impact-Resistance & Cool/Reflective Lifetime Shingles Beautiful, stylish, and exceptionally durable luxury shingles Look Top Roofing In Kerala Whether you are a home owner looking for a new roof, an architect, designer, spicificer looking for bim & cad content, or a council officer, civil engineer looking for specifications and reports, we have everything you need here. We will create trustworthy relationships by exceeding their expectations in service and supply with a unified and committed team that take pride in building a strong and sustainable business for all stakeholders. Explore and visualize your roof with the Look Top Roofing Home Remodeler and see what shades would complement your lifestyle. Latest Projects Have a look at our projects ROOFING Roofing Roofing Cleaning ROOFING ROOFING See all Projects Happy Customers Say..... our customer's dreams. Our turnaround times for projects and quality of execution have exceeded our client's expectations.. Entire crew was very professional, went above and beyond in service Roof looked great when it was finished. Jibin Manager Super service by Looktop the staff were extremely easy to work & kept the project on schedule. The work was performed in a professional manner. Sherin Engineer It was a great feeling to be a part of Looktop roofings. We wish them all success in future and looking toward their future plans. David Martin Engineer Link About Us Services Projects Gallery Contact Us Our Services Truss roofing Fibre cement board fittings Roofing shingles cleaning and repairing services Contact us Address Chittumoola,Karunagappally,Kollam phone+91 9061434456,9847483111 emaillooktoproofing@gmail.com Subscribe To Our Newsletter We know very well what your dream home is like. It is not an easy thing to find everything combined in a single package.. Subscribe Copyright © 2021 Look Top Roofing About Services Project Gallery Contact Us