Medical Imaging Equipment Repair and Maintenance Service Our Services Our Solutions Why Walsh About Us News + Events Contact 626 Companies Careers Locations Walsh Gives Back need service? (888) 235-9729 Menu Our Services Our Solutions Why Walsh About Us News + Events Contact 626 Companies Careers Locations Walsh Gives Back Ask us about free labor on your first service!View Details Interested in joining our team? Check out our current openings! View Details View Details WE ARE Reliable. Proficient. Effective. Dynamic. ISO 13485:2016 Certified. Walsh Imaging. VIEW OUR SERVICES Need equipment servicing? Get a quote started today! MRI PET/CT Nuc Med Dexa Digital Mammo Ultrasound Cath Lab/Angio CT Two generations of service delivery excellence. Walsh Imaging thrives on providing comprehensive equipment services and building long-lasting customer relationships. Our number one goal is that every service event is completed with the highest quality workmanship and exceptional customer service. Your complete satisfaction is our obsession. Walsh Imaging does not aspire to make a living, we aspire to make a difference. OUR MISSION top name brands & equipment We are your imaging service solution. With expansive knowledge and experience, Walsh Imaging provides industry-leading expertise on all manufacturers and imaging modalities. Our expertise and passion for patient care is unmatched, as is our commitment to our partners and their continued success. If you need service or maintenance for any of the following equipment types, we want to be your first–and last call. Real solutions that deliver real results. Our team of expert engineers and techs are trained on all imaging modalities across all manufacturers. We are committed to your success, and we deliver an unrivaled level of service and customer satisfaction. OUR SERVICES The world moves fast. We move faster. When you partner with Walsh Imaging, you receive intelligent, dynamic and ultra- efficient solutions that improve cost effectiveness without compromising the quality of care. We truly are better, smarter and faster. Why Walsh EMERGENCY SERVICE Open 24 Hrs, 7 Days A Week (888) 235-9729 HQ LOCATION Pompton Lakes , New Jersey 55 Cannonball Road The world moves fast. We move faster. GET IN TOUCH WE ARE WALSH IMAGING Our Services Our Solutions About Us News + Events CONTACT US Our Locations Get In Touch Walsh Gives Back Careers CUSTOMER CARE Need Service Now? Request a Quote Why Walsh Walsh Imaging Product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or services marks of their respective owners. Nothing on this website shall be construed as granting rights to the use of any such trademark. 626 is neither affiliated with, sponsored, nor endorsed by any third-party manufacturer. Reference to third-party products or services on this website, including the products of Philips, GE, Siemens, Hologic, Del Medical, Elscint, Hitachi, Quantum, and Zonare, is for informational purposes only and does not imply the endorsement, affiliation or recommendation of such third parties. ©2020-2023 Walsh Imaging. All Rights Reserved. Powered by OGK Creative