DSRC KlassAKT Sign up for free trial Why Us? Training Highlights Courses Offered Testimonials About Us Contact Us Objectives Bridge the gap between the Academic Curriculum and the Industry Practices to improve employability of fresh graduates intending to work in IT MNCs. Empower fresh graduates by providing Cost-effective, Standardized Quality Training to enable them to respond quickly to Business Unit Requirements of MNCs. To meet the current requirements of IT Industry for Entry Level Programmer positions. Hurry Free trial is available only for a limited period of time * Book your trial to get exclusive access to contents Why Choose KlassAkt eLearning solution? Our Course is designed to meet the requirements of a majority of the Top IT Companies through detail discussions with their stakeholders. Training Framework - LEAD LEARN, EXPLORE, APPLY, DELIVER ‑ an Automated Learning, Assessment and Monitoring framework for Software Technologies Knowledge Training: LEARN the fundamentals of Software Development right Technology Training: EXPLORE Programming Techniques in different Technology platforms with intensive hands-on sessions. Project Training: APPLY your programming skills in real-time Project environment using tools, methodologies, standards, and project management guidelines to deploy applications. Process Training: DELIVER Applications in accordance with Industry standard Quality measures and Best Practices. Enhance your behavioral skills and soft skills required to interact with Clients. Training Delivery Effective Delivery using multiple platforms ‑ Classroom, Audio/Video Presentations, Simulations, Mentor Support, and Self learning Our Project Training is executed as in a real time environment, where every Learner builds a part of the system and finally the entire artifacts are integrated and continuously evaluated 20:80 ratio of Theory and hands-on Sessions designed by Experts in the field - a key parameter for success Extensive use of Source Code Control, Bug Tracking, UI Design and Reporting Tools to get you acquainted to real time development environments of Corporates Training Effectiveness Our Evaluation and Tracking procedures follow scientific models recommended for the Industry (Kirkpatrick Model and Blooms Taxonomy) The Assessments check for Knowledge, Application, and Analytical Skills to help you correctly determine your ability to perform in different Roles Daily Feedback on the Evaluation to help you motivate to do better Corporate Training Experience Backed by the Leading IT Companies ‑ DSRC is a preferred vendor for Training services to a majority of the Top-20 IT Companies Successfully executed Training Programs for employees of Leading IT Companies Training backed by experienced people working on Live Projects being developed for our clients Training Highlights Empower fresh graduates with technology enabled learning tools to enhance learning and development Our unique Training Delivery Platform uses our proprietary Learning Management System that delivers videos, simulations, presentations, e-Books, Reference Material on the web, assessments, assignments and exercises. Automatic evaluation on a daily basis to track and monitor the progress of every Learner Our Automated Platform and continuous integration enables you to immediately write, debug, and correct the code, thereby increasing your productivity Our Mentors are Project Managers, Project Leads, and Senior Developers working on real time projects - guidance is facilitated online via collaborative tools like Skype, Go-To-Meeting etc. by way of 2-way live streaming communication for remote mentoring. Our emphasis on Role Playing, Seminars, and Presentations to improve your Soft Skills and Behavioral Skills result in you being better prepared to be absorbed by the Business Units of MNCs. Tool based Scientific Evaluation methodologies are used for measuring effectiveness of training Courses Offered Microsoft .NET Course Duration: 10 weeks Full Time 9a.m. - 6p.m. Topics Microsoft SQL Server Introduction, DDL, DML & DCL commands Functions & Joins Sub query & Rank functions Constraints,other DB objects and T-SQL Introduction Stored Procedure and Trigger Transactions, Cursor C# Encapsulation and Abstraction Constructor and Destructor Inheritance Polymorphism Namespace, Enumerations Generics and Delegates Regular Expressions Exception Handling XML Data Processing Multithreading ASP.NET - Introduction Introduction to ASP.NET Life cycle Web application location options (IIS, Filesystem, FTP) Inline coding Code behind model ASP.NET page directives ASP.NET page events ASP.NET Controls Dealing with postback Cross page posting ASP.NET application folders About Global.asax & Web.config Manipulating pages and server controls with javascript Server controls & Its common properties Validation controls ADO.NET - Introduction Introduction Securing ADO.NET application Data type mappings Dataset, Datatables and Dataview Implementation of ADO.NET in ASP.NET Connected / disconnected architecture implementation SQLInjection Datax Controls in ASP.NET & LINQ Basics Working with data controls Inserting, Updating and Deleting in Gridview Sorting and paging in Gridview Detailsview Data access through stored procedure LINQ - Introduction LINQ Queries Implementing LINQ in website Session Management State management View state Control state Session state Application state Cookies - overview Global.asax events Navigation Controls Master pages Navigation controls File Uploading Ad rotator Calendars (Advanced) Multiview Tab view Panel controls Security User controls - overview Implementation of user controls Authentication Authorization Forms authentication / Windows authentication Login controls Introduction about Caching Output caching Partial page caching Data caching Web Service Introduction Creating and Consuming web service Project Training (3 Weeks) Requirement analysis Mockup Tool Coding standards and Best practices Source Control Tool Bug Tracking System Microsoft SQL Server C# ASP.NET - Introduction ASP.NET Controls ADO.NET - Introduction Data Controls in ASP.NET & LINQ Basics Session Management Navigation Controls Security Web Service Project Training (3 Weeks) Introduction, DDL, DML & DCL commands Functions & Joins Sub query & Rank functions Constraints,other DB objects and T-SQL Introduction Stored Procedure and Trigger Transactions, Cursor Encapsulation and Abstraction Constructor and Destructor Inheritance Polymorphism Namespace, Enumerations Generics and Delegates Regular Expressions Exception Handling XML Data Processing Multithreading Introduction to ASP.NET Life cycle Web application location options (IIS, Filesystem, FTP) Inline coding Code behind model ASP.NET page directives ASP.NET page events Dealing with postback Cross page posting ASP.NET application folders About Global.asax & Web.config Manipulating pages and server controls with javascript Server controls & Its common properties Validation controls Introduction Securing ADO.NET application Data type mappings Dataset, Datatables and Dataview Implementation of ADO.NET in ASP.NET Connected / disconnected architecture implementation SQLInjection Working with data controls Inserting, Updating and Deleting in Gridview Sorting and paging in Gridview Detailsview Data access through stored procedure LINQ - Introduction LINQ Queries Implementing LINQ in website State management View state Control state Session state Application state Cookies - overview Global.asax events Master pages Navigation controls File Uploading Ad rotator Calendars (Advanced) Multiview Tab view Panel controls User controls - overview Implementation of user controls Authentication Authorization Forms authentication / Windows authentication Login controls Introduction about Caching Output caching Partial page caching Data caching Introduction Creating and Consuming web service Requirement analysis Mockup Tool Coding standards and Best practices Source Control Tool Bug Tracking System Target Audience An Engineering graduate from CS/IT/EEE/ECE/E&I department or MCA/MSc Computer Science, BSs Computer Science/BCA. An Engineering Student in the above disciplines in Final / P re Final Year seeking Project work / Internship. A Fresh Graduate in above disciplines from Colleges without a Placement Program or who had failed in multiple technical interviews but still looking for a career in IT. ( Year of Pass 2018 and above ). A Fresh Graduate already offered employment from any other Industry and waiting for on-boarding. An graduates who is working in non IT and looking for IT opportunity. Student Testimonials Microsoft SQL Server C# ASP.NET - Introduction .NET Full Stack About Us DSRC is an established and very successful business enterprise providing IT consulting, technology and outsourcing solutions. As a valuable partner to many global clients, DSRC provides long-term commitment and cost optimization benefits. Our core strength is in offering our customers with a full-fledged external competence delivering and complementing their in-house delivery teams. Incorporated in 1973, DSRC has a commendable track record and thrives to be the preferred partner to many global clients delivering IT application services to global customers. Our comprehensive portfolio of services includes application development and management, application testing, enterprise application solutions, product development and technology consulting. DSRC is an industry pioneer and market leader in providing Information Technology Training and Solutions and has been providing mainstream IT and specialized training in niche skill areas for more than three decades. DSRC provides quality IT training with a unique combination of great instructors, state-of-the-art training infrastructure and a technology-company backing making it the most preferred choice for IT training in India. DSRC provides a blended learning environment with classes led by instructors and complements that with self-paced e-learning content and that clearly distinguishes it from other training service providers. Quality Accreditation - ISO 9001:2015 Quality is the prime, ever-extending goal of DSRC's software development practice. DSRC has been continuously certified to the ISO 9001 quality management system standard and is certified to be adhering to the ISO 9001:2015 framework. The company's ISO 9001:2015 audit and certification was conducted by Bureau Veritas. Batch: 1st & 19th March 2018, 2nd April 2018 12 weeks Full Time 9a.m - 6p.m. Get In Touch Data Software Research Company Private Limited, 9/19, Pycrofts Garden Road, Off Haddows Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai 600 034, India. +91-98409-80770 klassakt@dsrc.co.in © 2020 DSRC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service Eligibility BE/BTech/MCA (full time course) candidates For Year-2016 & 2017 graduation batch only Graduation college must be AICTE/State board approved Applicant’s age (as on 1st July, 2017) should be: Less than 25yrs for BE/BTech candidates & Less than 27yrs for MCA candidates Aggregate percentage in 10th, 12th / Diploma, Graduation & Post graduation should be 60% & above No academic gap allowed during the course. All courses must complete within the university assigned time frame. (Eg: BE/Btech-4yrs, MCA-3yrs)