Luxury Ceiling Luxury Ceiling Home About Us Our Services Design Gallery Design Contact Us REQUEST A QUOTE TODAY Welcome to Luxury Ceiling Custom suspended stretch ceiling installation About Luxury Ceiling Luxury Ceiling provides a unique and innovative contribution to your home or commercial project offering high quality, safe and surprisingly economical stretch ceiling solution which is both practical and capable of making a stunning visual impact. The stretch ceilings are maintenance free, they do not suffer from condensation and will never crack, flake, or peel. They provide a superb alternative to suspended ceilings, are installed easily and quickly with little disruption to your home or business and can easily be removed and reassembled to allow access to space above. Our professionally trained ceiling fitters carry out the installation very quickly, clean, with no dust or mess. Our Services Providing excellent services by our professionally trained staff Installing Stretch Ceilling Stretch ceiling for homes and commercial buildings. It will be installed about 50mm away from the ceiling and the stretch ceiling can hide the original ceiling. The installation process is quite easy, first we would install the profiles which holds the fabric itself. Different fabric/design High-quality fabric will be cut and designed in Germany upon the request. It can hold up to 200L of water and once the water is drained, the material will just go back to normal form as it can stretch. It is also not flammable and will not lose colour. The fabric can come in different textures and any size. If any questions just contact us with your queries. LED Lights We provide a huge range of LED lights which will be put behind the ceiling so it would illuminate light through it. Use the contact details in our contact us page for any enquiries. Design examples Full image or just a colour design Image Stretch Ceiling Here are some popular examples for the stretch ceiling designs! Some ideas: Pebbles Skyscrapers looking skyward Water Splash Sky Clouds Abstract Please use https://www.shutterstock.com/ to find your example of design you are after. Once you have found the perfect design example for your stretch ceiling, copy the ID number which is directly belove the image and include it in the quote. You can request a quote by emiling us info@luxuryceiling.co.uk or filling the contact form down below. Colour Stretch Ceiling We have unlimited colours! We offer flat colour stretch ceiling, include the colour you are wanting in the quote down below. Upload your own photo On https://www.shutterstock.com/ you can search with your own pictures to find similar designs to yours. You do this by locating the 'Search by Image' button next to the search bar on shutterstock. If you have any questions please email info@luxuryceiling.co.uk Gallery Photos of stretch ceilings Contact us For enquires contact us by using the form or using the contact information provided Email us: info@luxuryceiling.co.uk Call us: 07478937342