Winningstarelectronicsuganda Menu Home Services About Us Our gallery Our products IP Camera VMS Systems Alarm + Contact Us Request Form + Staff only Monitor Your From anywhere in the world 24/7 Read More Monitor Your Home and Business From anywhere in the world 24/7 Read More Safety & Security At your fingertips Protection Security Fingerprint Comprehensive security systems including intrusion detection, access control, video surveillance, fire detection, and 24/7 monitoring. Read More Monitor Your Home and Business From anywhere in the world 24/7 Read More Protect Your Business & Home Now We guarantee you total safety and happiness Read More 360 o Total Security ServicesWelcome To Winning Star Electronics Power on the system Start by powering ON the cameras followed by the display and the DVR. Setup the DVR according to the user manual provided with the DVR. Go over every camera’s feed to confirm each camera is working properly and providing the desired viewing angle Mounting the camera Place the camera unit at the desired place, make guide marks for drilling. Drill holes and hammer in the screw mouldings. Now, screw the camera in place firmly. Insert the power cable of the camera in a socket. installing a CCTV camera The most important aspect of installing a CCTV camera system is choosing the right spots for camera and DVR to maximize camera coverage and minimize cable length (which in-turn reduces the in line losses that affect video quality). Closed Circuit TelevisionDVR of the CCTV is the place where the surveillance hard disk is present. Thus all your CCTV recording reside inside a DVR. It is highly recommended to keep the DVR inside a locked compartment so that even if an intruder spots the DVR, he/she can’t destroy the recorded videos. This is a vital step to ensure a bullet proof security system for your home View Our Store 360 o View of the PremisesIR security cameras are just one type of night vision cameras available today. However, they have been around the longest and their night vision technology is the most mature and developed. That being said, you might run into a situation where an IR camera is not the best fit to monitor a specific area at your location and you need an alternative solution. That’s where these night vision cameras come into the mixMonitors for Surveillance SystemsWe supply a wide variety of CCTV monitors from standard HD LED monitors to view and manage your system to full blown video walls for digital signagepresentations. Most of the monitors we provide feature VGA, DVI, and HDMI video outputs for maximum compatibility with your system. If you’re not sure which monitor you need, be sure to get in touch with us and one of our experts will be happy to help. View Our Store CCTV Equipment Setwinningstarelectronics carries a complete range of CCTV accessories for your security systems including BNC connectors, video baluns, wireless kits, IR illuminators, warning signs, and much more. All of our CCTV equipment & accessories are built with highest quality materials for reliable, long-lasting performance. No matter what CCTV camera accessories you need for your system or what’s on your CCTV equipment list, we have you covered. View Our Store 360 o Total Security ServicesCCTV Surveillance SystemsSurveillance Scam KitSed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales. Antenna Tagging SystemDonec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget biben dum sodales. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Cabinet Alarm & LocksSagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget biben dum sodales. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh onec sodales. CCTV Design HouseSagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget biben dum sodales. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh onec sodales. Smart Clamp ClawsSed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. Donec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget bibendum sodales. Surveillance DVRsDonec sodales sagittis magna. Sed consequat, leo eget biben dum sodales. Sed fringilla mauris sit amet nibh. 360 o Total Security ServicesCCTV Secure 360 Surveillance Systems Keyless Digital Password Protected Locks Mattis pulvinar dapibus leo. Vandal Resistant Dome Cams Mattis pulvinar dapibus leo. Door Viewer Security Peek Peep Hole Mattis pulvinar dapibus leo. CCTV Cable Type Ceiling Cameras Mattis pulvinar dapibus leo. 360 o Total Security ServicesWelcome To Winning Star ElectronicsGeneral InformationBackgroundClient Reviews OUR SERVICES Winning Star Electronics is a leading direct supplier of professional-grade HD security cameras and systems with the largest selection security cameras available. We strive to provide you with only the best quality security and surveillance equipment that’s affordable and reliable. Here at Apex CCTV we offer our installation services in every state, so whether you need installation from your home to business to store, we have got you covered. Smart Home Automation Browse our wide selection of smart home and home automation products from trusted brands like Ring, Nest, and Google. The world is becoming more connected and so is your home. These innovative products make your home better and safer with video doorbells to see who’s knocking on your door, smoke & carbon monoxide detectors to warn you about possible danger, smart thermostats to save you money on your monthly electric bill, and so much more. Audio Kits Camera Lenses Hard Drives HDD Storage IR Infrared Illuminators Door Locks Doorbell Cameras Smart Speakers Alarm Systems Smart Door Locks Smart homes need smart door locks. Door locks connected with your smart home not only keep your home safe, but they let you control who has access even when you’re not there and, depending on the model, you can unlock your door with a key fob, your smartphone, or even your fingerprint. The latest smart locks for your home give you a happy medium between commercial access control features and traditional door locks. Browse our selection of smart door locks to find the right one for your home. 4K Security Cameras 4K security camera capture the highest resolution video feeds on the market today and if you have an application where recording minute details is vitally important, you need 4K cameras. Our line of 4K IP cameras use 8MP and 12MP sensors to produce stunningly high definition video that can be zoomed in on with virtually no loss in image quality. Browse our selection of 4K security cameras from trusted brands like IC Realtime, IDIS, and InvidTech. Streaming Devices Smart Thermostats Smoke Detectors Spine Hip Knee Foot & Ankle Wireless Security Cameras Wireless security cameras allow you to monitor your home or office without running any video cable. These wifi security cameras wirelessly transmit HD quality video to your recorder over your wifi network after some initial configuration. If you need to monitor multiple remote locations where running cable just isn’t an option, we also supply WiFi adapters that can wirelessly transmit video up to 2 miles away. iOS / Android CCTV Systems Peace of mind is important and being able to view your security cameras any time you want goes a long way towards granting it. Our line of iOS / Android CCTV systems are compatible with iOS and Android smartphones, tablets, and other smart devices so you can remotely view or manage your CCTV system from anywhere in the world with an internet connection via an app or web browser. Shoulder Elbow Hand & Wrist Spine Hip Knee Foot & Ankle How do IR CCTV cameras work? IR cameras have a special image sensor chip that that is specifically designed to be sensitive to infrared light. The IR LEDs surrounding the IR camera lens flood the camera’s field of view (FOV) with infrared light which then bounces off of surfaces and reflects back to the camera where it is detected by the sensor chip. The camera then substitutes the IR light for visible light and produces a clear video feed even in complete darkness. VALUE FOR MONEYAFFORDABLE SECURITYSAFETY 24/7, 365 Read More 500Projects Completed 125Residential Projects 700Satisfied Clients 75Corporate Clients Security and privacy are two sides of the same coin. You can’t have privacy without security and vice versa. Security as a topic has continued to rise in popularity in the recent couple of years, and it comes as a no surprise. Important Links Support Privacy & Policy Terms & Conditions Packages Our Network Recent PortfolioContact with us Mukwano Mall shop no:U/G 86 Kyagwe Road +256-392-841-099 info@winningstarelectronicsug.com Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved by, winningstarelectronics