USL Europe Skip to content Home Gallery Products About Us News Certifications Collaborations Clients Contact Us Menu Home Gallery Products About Us News Certifications Collaborations Clients Contact Us Let's Talk Home Gallery Products About Us News Certifications Collaborations Clients Contact Us Menu Home Gallery Products About Us News Certifications Collaborations Clients Contact Us Let's Talk Designers, Fabricators and Galvanizers of Structural Steel Products We produce more than steel. We are revolutionising the art of steel structure manufacturing with a dedicated focus towards quality, innovation and customer satisfaction. Let's Talk Why choose us? What we do We are amongst the most reliable and leading manufacturers of products such as Beams, Rebars, Columns, High Masts, Crash Guards and Solar Mounting Solutions. We aim to achieve global market leadership in galvanising and the metal fabrication industry. We are value driven and recognise the importance of nurturing long-term working relationships with integrity, maintaining the highest ethical standards, and developing and motivating flexible teams and integrated capabilities to create a suitable environment for creative innovation. 01 Hot Rolled Products Only the highest grade hot rolled steel, which is well suited to various unique projects, from beams to intricate rebars, is supplied and processed by USL Europe. For any firm searching for a cost-effective hot-rolled product, our steel checks all the boxes with a solid and durable finish and rapid lead times. Our Hot rolled products include Beams, Channels, Rebars, Square Hollow sections, Circular hollow sections, Angles, etc. 02 Columns and Masts To meet the needs of each unique project, we provide a wide selection of masts and columns, from Tubular, Octagonal Columns to High Masts and EV Charging Columns, skillfully manufactured to meet the demands. We offer most products to support all your needs. 03 Crash Barriers Protect the pedestrians and save the environment with our crash barriers. Our range of crash barriers includes W beams, thrie beams, box beams, posts, etc. Our Crash barriers are designed to withstand the impact of vehicles of certain weights at certain angles while travelling at the specified speed. 04 Solar Mounting Structures​ We manufacture solar mounting structures to suit the needs of ever changing dynamics of the renewable energy sphere. We provide rooftop, ground mounted and floating solar mounting structures. 05 CCTV Columns From standard CCTV poles and mid hinged poles to complex telescopic poles, we have a camera mounting solution for every CCTV and perimeter protection requirements. 06 Turnkey Projects For the project owner, turnkey projects make life much more straightforward. When working on this project, we take charge of everything from designing to building. When the project is complete, the client can “turn the key” and begin operations; the owner needs only to wait for the task to be finished. WHY CHOOSE US​ Who we are USL Europe is a Joint Venture between Teevan and Moore and Ventura Salasar. Teevan & Moore has 3 decades of experience in construction, ground works, Laying and similar services. Ventura Salasar is into the manufacturing of Steel Structures such as Beams, Rebars, Columns, High Masts, Crash Guards and Solar Mounting Solutions. Our relentless desire to explore opportunities and improve efficiencies drives us to uncover new realities. While we remain steadfast in our endeavour to contribute towards nation building, our immaculate focus on constantly widening our scope of operations keeps us on the right track to innovate and succeed in a dynamic business environment. As a key player in the Steel Structure and EPC segment, we realise our responsibility to consistently offer advanced and smarter solutions, attuned to the needs of the future. The world around us is constantly changing. While we try to adapt to rapid transformations, we are fortifying our capabilities with sophisticated digital technology to initiate new directions of growth. We are committed to provide safe industrial solutions to our clients.We are the innovators, creators and executioners of a better tomorrow. We commit to the highest standards in our products, process and activities while retaining honour and integrity in all our dealings with customers, vendors and employees of our organisation. Lowest Prices We offer competitive prices on our entire product and service range without compromising quality. 100% Quality Assurance We have pledged to provide the highest quality services that set us apart from the rest and maintain a higher benchmark in the industry. In-house Structural Designing We specialise in understanding your needs, and our specialised in-house team can build dreams into reality. Where we Work Our Global Partners We partner with some of the most forward-thinking and innovative establishments worldwide and are proud to work together to transform the global landscape.Our manufacturing expertise and the site work knowledge help us to be at the forefront of the competition. Our Leaders Club of international partners is continuously growing, bringing new retailers, consumers, and insights to the USL Europe platform. As we grow, we absorb each partner market’s lessons and unique characteristics and apply them for future growth. 300+ Projects We have completed 300 projects within a timespan of 5 years which speaks about our efforts and expertise. 100% Approval Rates Our work speaks for itself; we listen, absorb the insights and then implement every detail to the best of our abilities resulting in a 100% approval rate for the projects handled and managed by USL Europe. About Us Established since 2011, The market leaders, innovators and creators of a better tomorrow. A joint venture between Ventura Salasar, India and Teevan and Moore, Uk, building your dreams into a more substantial reality. Sitemap Home Gallery Products About Us News Certifications Collaborations Clients Contact Us Contacts USL Europe Limited 02035760655 5 Beauchamp Court Victors Way, Barnet, London, United Kingdom, EN5 5TZ © 2023 Copyright USL Europe LTD. Crafted with ♡ and Coded with Care by MediaWorkx Creative Digital Home Gallery Products About Us News Certifications Collaborations Clients Contact Us Let's Talk