Provincial Institute of teacher Education Provincial Institute Of Teacher Home DG Message Vision and Mission Role of PITE Downloads About Gallery Facilities Contact Programs Pre Service Teacher Training Associate Degree in Education Other Trainings In Service Teacher Training Education leadership and Management trainings Wings Continuous Professional Development CPD Education Leadership Development Center (ELDC) Education Technology Resource Center (ETRC) Initial Teacher Education (ITE) Quality Assurance & Research Center (QASC) Human Resource Management & Database Center (HRMDC) Lab School Administration Faculty Academic Other Staff Lab School PITE ECE Section Primary Section Secondary Section Partners National Partner International Partner Acheivements Disclosure Our Building Our Buildings are surrounded by lush green gardens, that make everyone feel fresh and to perform best of their's ability. Welcome Provincial Institute of teacher Education has number of beautiful buildings, different departments are running in these building to make Sindh's future bright, by training teachers. Mosque Provincial Institute of teacher Education has big mosque. there trainee, teachers and student pray the namaz. Our auditorium Provincial Institute of teacher Education has big auditorium, in that auditorium we organize lectures, seminars and other learning activities. Our Infrastructure We have got state of the art infrastructure, it consist of Science experiment Labs, Social Area, Computer Labs, Hostels, Mess Facility,Conference Hall,Beautiful Mosque,Tuck Shop, Heavy Duty Generator and much more . View Details » Our Building Welcome Mosque Our auditorium Our Infrastructure Latest News Mandatory Training of Senior Subject Specialist/Assistant Professors BPS- 18 Promotion to BPS-19 From 04-09 March 2024. News & Announcements Notifications and Circulars Latest Notification Mandatory Training of Senior Subject Specialist/Assistant Professors BPS- 18 Promotion to BPS-19 From 04-09 March 2024. Mandatory Training of Head Masters/Head Mistress BPS-17 Promotion to BPS-18. View More Seminars and Workshops Learning Activities PITE, Sindh has recently organized seminar on Role of Teachers in curbing Corruption View Glimpses Vission & Mission Our Vision and Mission Teacher Education and Development based on Innovative and Research based Model creating active learning environment in the classroom; supported by strong educational leadership with Read More Our Faculty We have highly qualified faculty i. Adminstration ii. Acadeamic Faculty iii. Lab School Staff NEWS AND UPDATES KNOWLEDGE EXCHANGE VISIT TO KHYBER PAKHTUN KHA (KPK) The Government of Sindh, School Education and Literacy Department provided knowledge exchange visit approval to high official of School Education and Literacy Department on the proposal of UNICEF and HANDS. 24/oct/2023 to 27/oct/2023 Director General PITE receiving shield from Director KPK (DPD)/PITE Madam Nusrat Fatima Kalhoro who is the Director General of PITE Sindh and She is receiving the shield from Director of KPK (DPD)/PITE. 24/oct/2023 to 27/oct/2023 Meeting of sub-committee of the steering committee of education of Sindh In the meeting, the beginning of the academic year, schedule of examinations, vacations and other important decisions were discussed. The new academic year will start from April 15, 2024 in schools across Sindh. Nov 2023 Director General (DG) Message It is my sheer bliss to assume the privileged position of Director General Of PITE Sindh Nawabshah.I am highly indebted to Allah the Almighty for his continued blessings on me. Our Main policy is "Enter to learn, and go forth to serve" in true mean. we train our teachers to educate future leaders. Read More Policies Our Main policy is "Enter to learn, and go forth to serve" in true mean. we train our teachers to educate future leaders. Teacher Activities Learning Activities We appritiate our faculty and students to participate in differnt kind of activities, our institute has arranged number of learning activities, View Glimpses Pictorial Representation of PITE ﻿ About » Pite » Roles And Responsiblities » Director General Wings » HRMDC » CPD » ELC » ITE » Lab High School Programs » Pre-Service Teacher » In Service Teacher » Education Leadership Faculty » Administration » Academic Faculty » Lab School Find Us With Google Maps » Provincial Institute of Teacher Education [PITE] Sindh, GPO. Box # 52. Muhammadi Town, Sakrand Road Nawabshah, District Shaheed Benazir Abad, Sindh Tel: 0244- 9370531-4 Email: info@pitesindh.edu.pk Stay Up to Date With Whats Happening Copyright 2023-PITE All Rights Reserved Designed By Mr. Malik Ali Raza