Cellist Lidy Blijdorp | Concerts | Video | Cd Skip to content No results about bio video concerts press highlights programmes cello & piano cello solo contact order cd about bio video concerts press highlights programmes cello & piano cello solo contact order cd Search Lidy Blijdorp is a young, passionate cellist with enormous narrative power, praised for her ‘breathtaking musicality’ (NRC). ‘From a hazy dream to a fierce attack: Blijdorp can do anything!’ (Volkskrant). Lidy performed as a soloïst with a.o. the Orchestra of the Eighteenth Century, the Concertgebouw Chamber Orchestra, the State Hermitage Orchestra of St. Petersburg, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra of Liège and the Residentie Orchestra. Read full biography Next Concert Den Haag: Recital with Tobias BorsboomThe duo will play a program with works by French composers such as Satie and Poulenc from the Belle Epoque, and two Dutch composers who were inspired by French impressionism: […] Info & Tickets 03 March 2024 11:30 - 13:00 More Concerts Video Podium Klassiek: Lidy Blijdorp performs Kodály cello sonata, 2nd movement. More Videos Highlights Kabalevsky ConcertoIn November Lidy performed the Kabalevsky Cello Concerto with Symphonic Orchestra Nijmegen, conducted by Frans-Aart Burghgraef, who was conducting his last concert with this orchestra. The program was called 'Passion and Pathos'. The concerts were held in Zutphen and Nijmegen. New CD RecordingIn 2024 pianist Tobias Borsboom and I are going to record a new CD. We were requested to do so by the Matthijs Vermeulen Stichting. Apart from the 1st Cello Sonata by Matthijs Vermeulen we will also record the Françis Poulenc cello sonata and some other music from La Belle Epoque. Persoit cello bowThe NMF (Dutch Instrument Foundation) allowed me to look for a top cello bow. After searching and trying for many months, I found the perfect bow: a French 'Persoit', built in 1850, one of the best of its kind and a very good match for my Ferotti cello. The NMF acquired it for me. More Highlights Debut Cd Two classical Edisons have been awarded to the Dutch cellist Lidy Blijdorp. Her debut album Journeyers, featuring works and her own arrangements by Maurice Ravel and Zoltán Kodály, won both the Audience Award and the Best Debut Award.Music:Kodály: Sonata for Cello solo op. 8;Ravel: Sonata for Violin & Cello; Ravel: Lever du jour from “Daphnis and Chloe” for Cello & Piano; Ravel: Habanera & Malaguena from”Rapsodie Espagnole” for Cello & Piano Order Cd © 2024 Lidy Blijdorp | Website by RinaBlij.com | Photography Isabelle Françaix, Hans Boer