Rebs Sports Location Book a Tour For School Contacts Book A Tour Your message was sent successfully! Something went wrong, try refreshing and submitting the form again. send message Resources School Handbook (246 Kb) download Child Care Checklist (95 KB) download Agreement Form (94 KB) download Monthly Billing Chart (95 KB) download Our Contacts India- B91, Karkarduma, New Delhi 110032. +919958023264 Newzealand/Australia – 11 Faredale avenue, Red Hill, Auckland, Newzealand 2110. +64220771947 info@rebssports.com Home About Us Gallery Our Program Contact Where Playful Learning Meets Healthy Living Discover Fun and Fitness at the InSchool for Early Childhood Education! At "Rebs Sports," we don't just teach children how to kick a ball or swing a racket; we open the door to a lifetime of health and happiness. It is not just a program but a magical portal that will instill a love for movement in every child, ensuring they embrace an active lifestyle with smiles. read more We are dedicated to educating with fun Our Programs Programs may incorporate elements of physical fitness to promote overall health and well-being. This could involve activities that improve cardiovascular endurance, strength, flexibility, and coordination. At this age, the child develops a basic sense of self and others, from attachments, and learns to speak. TODDLERS15-3 Years Energy, Excitement, and Motion. These are the qualities that grow the most at this age and this is used positively to develop learning experiences from the program. PRESCHOOLERS3-6 Years School: Students start receiving knowledge of different subjects like science, maths, social, etc. So it's necessary to keep them physically as well as mentally healthy. SCHOOL AGE6-15 Years Why Rebs Sports GREATER BONE STRENGTH TEAM PLAYER REDUCES STRESS IMPROVES BRAIN FUNCTIONING DEVELOPING MOTOR SKILLS IMPROVES PHYSICAL FITNESS DEVELOPS PHYSICAL SKILLS IMPROVES CLASSROOM BEHAVIOUR Our main activities are focused on Elements of Knowledge,Committed to Excellence Our programs are founded by the most well-known education specialists' research. Our education team designed it with these crucial early years in mind, inspiring kids to be fearless explorers today and happy, self-assured learners for life. We think that play is the best way for kids to learn, and child-based learning is a great source of inspiration. Each of our groups has many play spaces. read more Sports Assessment Birthday Corporate Camp CurriculumElements Sports We provide unmatched diversity and versatility with distinct physical exercises to keep youngsters active! This is because your school only requires one partner for activities that involve kids' active games, traditional sports, and skill development. Assessment It's important to do regular assessments of the students know about the physical fitness and their growth. Birthday Design themes, games, and sports like baseball, basketball, football, and soccer by selecting from our extensive curriculum! At a fraction of the price of traditional party venues, Rebs Sports and Fitness-Themed Parties are exciting and interactive events! Corporate Sports always keep you fit regardless of your age. Design a theme for your party that also makes everyone play again. Camp We include organized sports and fitness, and summer and vacation programs. Rebs Sports provides customized camp programs, which can span from a one-day event to a week-long summer curriculum. Literacy A systematic and integrated literacy program promote language development preschool children. The program uses systematic, direct instruction built around a series of weekly books in the classroom. We Create a Nurturing Environment for Each Child In our thought-provoking and sports-friendly environment, Children thrive, develop a passion for their education, and their school, and become proud members of the community. view video Read on to understand our differene Why Choose Rebs Sports CURRICULUM BASED EQUIPEMNT FOR ALL Every student receives equipment during Rebs Sports classes to encourage 100% and equitable participation. QUALIFIED & CERTIFIED TRAINERS 90% of kids who attend school for more than a year succeed in reading before they start. QUALIFIED AND SUPPORTIVE INSTRUCTORS Along with having extensive training, our staff of educators is enthusiastic about working with kids. OPTIMUM TRAINER-STUDENT RATIO For improved program results, Rebs Sports maintains an ideal trainer-to-student ratio. RESEARCHED AND CUSTOMIZED CURRICULUM Rebs Sports programs and curriculum are decided after the research on the kids leading them to grow eventually and maintain physically and mentally healthy lives. FUN FILLED LEARNING We think that when learning is fun, it happens more effectively. Rebs Sports activities are meant to be entertaining and stimulating, picking their interest in sports and health and choosing their curiosity. Children need Good Health, Children need Nutrients Healthyfood for growing children Playing, learning, and having fun all need a huge amount of energy to do work. To gain this energy you should have a healthy food that contains proteins, nutrients, carbohydrates, etc. Fruits Vegetables Grains Want to know more about us? Centre Information Our Philosophy Our Values Our Team Parents Say We believe children learn by building on the knowledge they already have – primarily exhibited through play. Teachers help children learn by creating a rich environment to explore via exciting educational activities. Overall Growth We believe that playing sports can help develop a person’s mind, body, and soul by instilling moral values and team spirit in well-rounded individuals. Playful Learning We use sports to make learning fun so that each session is an exciting journey for children to learn more about themselves and the world around them. Lifetime Fitness We aim at developing healthy active living habits outside the playground with a view of making exercise a lifelong passion one day. Positive, Safe Environment – We are committed to providing an uplifting and positive atmosphere for our children and staff; a fun learning experience in a secure, safe, and loving environment. Passion for Play – Because playing sports brings happiness, companionship, and valuable life lessons, we foster an atmosphere where every kid eagerly anticipates the next experience. Excellence – Committed to Excellence: We are renowned for our superior work and supply top-notch resources to guarantee that educational establishments and schools give their pupils with the greatest physical education programs. Respect and inclusion – Sports serve as a vehicle for teaching students the value of accepting one another's differences and elevating respect, diversity, and inclusion to the core of all relationships. We have a focus on recruiting and retaining quality teachers and offer competitive remuneration, good student discipline and relatively small class sizes Saurabh Sethi Head Management She has never tired of the “ah-ha” moments and the pride that swells in a little one who is learning to do something for the first time. Nandita Chhabra Operations head She has never tired of the “ah-ha” moments and the pride that swells in a little one who is learning to do something for the first time. Rakesh Sarasar Training Head She has never tired of the “ah-ha” moments and the pride that swells in a little one who is learning to do something for the first time. If you have feedback or words of praise that you would like to share, please submit your review at the bottom of this page. Komal Jain My son has been going to Rebs Sports class since 2.5 months. Also, he was the youngest (2.4 months) when he joined. He enjoys the exercises, sports activities and overall 1 hr of outdoor of fun at Rebs Sports.Highly recommended for kids Priya Gupta This is a wonderful experience from start to finish. While my daughter had natural athletic abilities , she’d rather sit in front of play station or T.V . Rebs Sports helped her to discover her interest for outdoor sports . Rajesh Sharma This is a wonderful experience from start to finish. While my daughter had natural athletic abilities , she’d rather sit in front of play station or T.V . Rebs Sports helped her to discover her interest for outdoor sports . Anita Desai This is a wonderful experience from start to finish. While my daughter had natural athletic abilities , she’d rather sit in front of play station or T.V . Rebs Sports helped her to discover her interest for outdoor sports . Ravi Patel This is a wonderful experience from start to finish. While my daughter had natural athletic abilities , she’d rather sit in front of play station or T.V . Rebs Sports helped her to discover her interest for outdoor sports . Checkout our Instagram feed #Rebs Sports Centre Photo Gallery Our experienced team strives to offer a creative and engaging environment and the opportunity for children to learn, grow, and thrive. Quick Links Home About Gallery Our Program Contacts Our Contacts India- B91, Karkarduma, New Delhi 110032. +919958023264 Newzealand/Australia – 11 Faredale avenue, Red Hill, Auckland, Newzealand 2110. +64220771947 info@rebssports.com All rights reserved Copyrights 2024 By © Double S Technologies LLP Follow us: