Kenway Moving – Storage and Moving 614 401 4763 Open main menu Home History Residential Commercial Storage The Kenway Advantage Instant Moving Quote! RESIDENTIAL MOVING Kenway Moving & Storage understands that relocating your family’s home is time-consuming and stressful. Organizing everything yourself can be overwhelming. Valuable time can be saved by entrusting Kenway Moving & Storage to take care of the difficult tasks. Kenway Moving and Storage is a full-service moving and storage company. After speaking with a relocation specialist we will determine your exact moving needs and provide an affordable solution. Read more COMMERCIAL MOVING Kenway Moving & Storage specializes in commercial projects, relocating your office or facility from point A to point B minimizing downtime. Our commercial specialists understand the importance of completing your relocation with your sensitive time frame. Whether multiple cubicle configurations or intrinsic electronic setups, Kenway Moving and Storage has years of experience facilitating the relocation of your operation. Read more STORAGE Kenway Moving & Storage provides premier storage options for both residential and commercial clients. Our relocation system maintains and operates a climate controlled warehouse space suiting both short-term and long-term projects. Each piece and fixture is kept in our facility with protective dressings still on. Whether your relocation requires temporary storage or permanent storage, Kenway Moving & Storage has the solution for you. Read more Kenway Moving is proudly family owned and operated! Kenway Moving & Storage was designed to provide premier relocation services to both residential and commercial clients. Our family owned and operated service centers allow Kenway Moving & Storage to guarantee exceptional service to all clients. Kenway Moving & Storage has over a decade of experience serving both residential and commercial clients. These years of experience allow Kenway Moving & Storage to anticipate our client’s needs and then prepare to deliver on each. The top priority of Kenway Moving & Storage is to exceed our client’s expectations with every shipment. Kenway Moving & Storage was formed using the best equipment paired with the most skilled specialists the industry has to offer. This compound of excellence allows our firm to service needs of any size. Kenway Moving & Storage sets the standard for quality in both the residential and commercial moving industry. Kenway Moving & Storage offers clients an array of several unique relocation services. No matter what your special needs are for relocating your home or office, Kenway Moving & Storage will see that it is done so properly and efficiently. Kenway Moving & Storage is called upon repeatedly by our clients for both our consistent service and competitive pricing. Our high standard of quality can be attributed to our retention of experienced staff, the utilization of the best equipment, and the sincere care for our client’s needs. © 2024 All Rights Reserved.