Teacher Information Resource Center Skip to content Teacher Information Resource Center Home welfare Courseware News Guidance Policy Email Back Davao City distributes tablets to be shared by ‘student siblings’ DAVAO CITY – Student siblings and indigents from this city received tablets Wednesday from Mayor Sara Z. Duterte who personally distributed the gadgets. Under the “Student Siblings Tablets Sharing Project”, 100 Lenovo tablets were given to students with siblings from Grade 6-Grade 12 and indigents who have not enrolled in other scholarship programs and assistance from the government. “To our students, may you utilize these devices efficiently as you strive for excellence in attaining your goals and aspiring to be the best that you want to be in this world. Despite the challenges the current pandemic has brought, may you continue to value the importance of education and see it as a beacon of hope in creating a brighter future for yourselves,” Duterte said during the turnover ceremony. Norman Baloro, the program manager, said the gadgets were donated by Chinese Ambassador Huang Xilian. “This is very useful since most of the students were enrolled in online classes,” she said. Students who are already enrolled in other scholarship programs and assistance offered by the city government are not qualified for the project. “We have more or less 1,000 beneficiaries in our master list as next priority,” Baloro said. The project is already on its fifth batch of distribution, Baloro said. In previous batches, the city government handed over laptops and tablets that were donated by China, JV Ongpin Foundation Inc., and JV Angeles Construction Corp. (PNA) Posted bymanage2021年4月1日2021年4月3日Posted inPolicy and RegulationsLeave a comment on Davao City distributes tablets to be shared by ‘student siblings’ CHED orders Cebu-based school to stop in-person classes MANILA – The Commission on Higher Education (CHED) in Region 7 has ordered Cebu Technological University-College of Veterinary Medicine (CTU-CVM) to stop holding face-to-face classes. “The school was ordered to stop right away if indeed the report is true. This was already coordinated with the school admin concerned and they said it will stop conducting face-to-face classes,” CHED Regional Director Max Aljibe said in a Viber message to reporters on Tuesday. In a post on Facebook, the National Congress of Veterinary Medicine Students (NCVMS) on Monday reported that CTU-CVM started its face-to-face classes despite the rising Covid-19 cases. Earlier, CHED has released a list of 24 schools, as well as courses, allowed to hold limited in-person classes starting the second semester of the academic year 2020-2021. The schools passed stringent retrofitting and have fully complied with the guidelines of the Department of Health and the Inter-Agency Task Force for the Management of Emerging Infectious Diseases. The CTU-CVM is not included on the list. Only select allied health-related degree programs such as Medicine, Nursing, Physical Therapy, Medical Technology/Medical Laboratory Science, Midwifery, and Public Health are prioritized. (PNA) Posted bymanage2021年3月30日2021年4月3日Posted inEducation NewsLeave a comment on CHED orders Cebu-based school to stop in-person classes More tablets distributed to Ilocos Norte distance learners LAOAG CITY – Distance learners struggling with the so-called new normal received tablet computers from the Ilocos Norte government and donations from public and private individuals. Dr. Danny Daquioag, education consultant of the local government, said in an interview on Friday around 4,000 mobile tablets were purchased under the province’s Special Education Fund. “I hope our students will take good care of the tablets,” Daquioag said during a ceremonial distribution program at the Bacarra National Comprehensive High School (BNCHS). Students from Cadaratan National High School, also in Bacarra town, were the other beneficiaries of the continuing tablet distribution program. For a struggling learner like Justine Moses Abad of San Nicolas town, the new gadget helps him in research works. “Thank you for my new tablet. It helps me connect with my studies at home,” he said. “I also share the gadget with my younger sibling.” Aside from the distribution of tablet units, desktop computers and printers were also given to several schools to speed up the printing of modules and assist teachers. (PNA) Posted bymanage2021年3月27日2021年4月3日Posted inOnline Teaching GuideLeave a comment on More tablets distributed to Ilocos Norte distance learners BARMM completes P50-M school projects in Sulu ZAMBOANGA CITY–The Ministry of Basic, Higher, and Technical Education in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (MBHTE-BARMM) has completed the construction of PHP50.4 million worth of classrooms in the province of Sulu. Minister Mohagher Iqbal, of the BARMM’s education ministry, said Friday the project consisted of 26 classrooms constructed in seven schools in different municipalities of Sulu. Constructed under the Basic Education Facility Fund (BEFF) 2018, Iqbal said the construction of the school buildings “exemplifies the commitment” of the BARMM in improving the education system in the autonomous region. “The provision of quality school facilities to our students and making our schools spaces for learning and growth are highlighted in the ministry’s 12-point priority agenda,” Iqbal said. Amid the health crisis affecting the delivery of services, Iqbal urged the BARMM education community to continue its support to the education ministry and the region’s leadership. Alfhadar Pajiji, MBHTE-BARMM assistant secretary for special programs and projects, led the classroom projects’ turnover from Monday until Thursday. He also led the groundbreaking ceremony for the PHP17.6 million two-storey 10-classroom school building for Higher Education of Hadji Butu School of Arts and Trade (HBSAT) in Barangay Asturias, Jolo, Sulu. The classroom project is set to be the Supervised Institution Building of HBSAT. Meanwhile, Iqbal said the regional and division screening board of the MBHTE has started the demonstration teaching and interview with some 1,800 licensed teachers applying for jobs in the education ministry. (PNA) Posted bymanage2021年3月26日2021年4月3日Posted inEducation NewsLeave a comment on BARMM completes P50-M school projects in Sulu CHED OKs ‘limited face-to-face’ classes in 24 schools MANILA – The Commission on Higher Education (CHED) is allowing 24 higher education institutions (HEIs) to hold “limited face-to-face classes” starting on the second semester of the academic year 2020-2021. CHED Chairman J. Prospero de Vera III announced Friday that these colleges and universities passed stringent retrofitting and have fully complied with the guidelines of the Department of Health and the Covid-19 Inter-Agency Task Force for the Management of Emerging Infectious Diseases (IATF-EID). “They can now bring their 3rd and 4th year students for hands-on training and laboratory classes in a limited face-to-face system. CHED will continue to monitor these HEIs and I am confident that they will provide safe and healthy spaces for their students in the coming months,” he said. The schools that were able to secure CHED’s approval are as follow: 1. Mariano Marcos State University – Batac (Region I)2. St. Louis University (Cordillera Administrative Region)3. Our Lady of Fatima University – City of San Fernando (Region III)4. Ateneo School of Medicine and Public Health (National Capital Region-NCR)5. University of Santo Tomas (NCR)6. University of East Ramon Magsaysay (NCR)7. Our Lady of Fatima University – Quezon City (NCR)8. Our Lady of Fatima University – Valenzuela City (NCR)9. Manila Central University (NCR) 10. University of the Philippines-Manila (NCR)11. Adventist University of the Philippines (Region IV)12. De La Salle Health and Medical Science Institute (Region IV)13. University of Perpetual Help – Don Jose (Region IV)14. Our Lady of Fatima University – Sta. Rosa (Region IV)15. Naga College Foundation (Region V)16. West Visayas State University (Region VI)17. Central Philippine University (Region VI)18. Cebu Institute of Medicine (Region VII)19. University of Cebu School of Medicine (Region VII)20. Iloilo Doctors’ College of Medicine (Region VI)21. University of Iloilo (Region VI)22. Blancia Foundation College, Inc. (Region IX)23. Xavier University (Region X)24. Liceo de Cagayan University (Region X) Among those prioritized to conduct limited in-person classes are select allied health-related degree programs such as Medicine, Nursing, Medical Technology/Medical Laboratory Science, Physical Therapy, Midwifery, and Public Health. The CHED said would enable students to achieve key learning outcomes on specialized laboratory courses and hospital-based clinical clerkship/internship/practicum, as well as to provide additional manpower to the country’s health system. Inclusion on vax list The agency also asked concerned local government units (LGUs) to include in their vaccination list the school faculty, staff, and students who would be involved in immunization drives. “This is also the reason why President Duterte approved limited face-to-face classes – because our HEIs can help in the government’s vaccination program,” de Vera said. “As the country looks forward to receiving the next batch of millions of donated and procured vaccines in the 2nd quarter of the year, we must maximize the use of large alternative venues to be readily available so that the priority groups (essential workers, seniors, the indigents) could be inoculated without further delay,” he added. To date, the University of Santo Tomas Hospital, Manila Central University Gymnasium, St. Louis University Baguio Gymnasium, De La Salle Medical Health Sciences Institute, Our Lady of Fatima University and the Central Philippine University have offered their facilities to serve as vaccination centers. De Vera said CHED is preparing the guidelines for establishing vaccination centers in HEIs, with inputs from the CHED Public Health Experts Group. These guidelines will be discussed with the LGUs and IATF and may be used in ensuring more vaccination centers for the government. (PNA) Posted bymanage2021年3月26日2021年4月3日Posted inOnline Teaching GuideLeave a comment on CHED OKs ‘limited face-to-face’ classes in 24 schools No mass face-to-face training, seminars for teachers: DepEd MANILA – The Department of Education (DepEd) on Wednesday maintained that it does not allow mass face-to-face activities related to in-service training and other seminars for teachers. “The Department strictly adheres to the guidelines and required health protocols on work and office arrangements set by the IATF (Inter-Agency Task Force for the Management of Emerging Infectious Diseases), the Department of Health, and the Civil Service Commission (CSC),” it said in a statement. This came after 49 DepEd employees in Zambales tested positive for coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) after attending two face-to-face seminars in Zambales that were organized by the school heads from March 2 to 6. It noted that the case is under investigation and “appropriate disciplinary actions for authorities who breached protocols will be taken” upon the completion of the investigation. “We are closely monitoring our teachers who were unfortunately exposed to the virus. We have also coordinated with the concerned field offices to provide medical assistance and psychosocial support for them,” it said. To prevent similar incidents, the DepEd urged its field offices to exercise prudence and observe existing alternative work arrangements and protocols of CSC and DepEd, which include the prohibition on large physical gatherings. (PNA) Posted bymanage2021年3月24日2021年4月3日Posted inEducation NewsLeave a comment on No mass face-to-face training, seminars for teachers: DepEd DepEd builds more classrooms in Negros Oriental DUMAGUETE CITY – The Department of Education (DepEd) had inaugurated two school buildings at the West City Elementary School here, part of the national government campaign to provide additional classrooms in the province of Negros Oriental. Dr. Adolf Aguilar, Chief of the Youth Formation Division of DepEd, said in an interview on Tuesday that the two buildings were three-storeys each with nine classrooms, costing around PHP24.5 million. “The classrooms are ready for use once face-to-face classes resume,” he said. DepEd Secretary Leonor Briones joined via Zoom the inauguration on March 19. DepEd Undersecretary Alain Del Pascua and regional, provincial, and local agency officials also witnessed the event online. On Monday, a DepEd team inspected three new buildings at the Dumaguete City High School, which are already 90 percent complete. The three buildings, with 12 classrooms each, are built with a budget of PHP94-million. The city high school lost a 12-classroom dilapidated structure to a fire in June 2019. The DepEd likewise turned over more than 2,000 mobile phones, tablets, and laptops to pre-identified learners and teachers in 23 “last-mile” schools in Negros Oriental “Those enabling tools are for those who are in remote and far-flung areas,” Aguilar said. (PNA) Posted bymanage2021年3月23日2021年4月3日Posted inPolicy and RegulationsLeave a comment on DepEd builds more classrooms in Negros Oriental How schools wrestle with demands of ‘new normal’ in education MANILA – Saying that school year 2020-2021 is a big challenge for all stakeholders is an understatement. In the midst of a raging pandemic, the government and all other stakeholders are scaling up efforts to ensure that children continue with their studies. For starters, teachers were given trainings on how to discuss their lessons using the limited time effectively and efficiently during online classes, a daunting task due to internet connectivity issues in the country. For students, it’s a struggle whether their chosen system is through printed modules, blended learning, or online class. Other pressing issues include the volume of transferees from private schools and the lack of teachers that will take this additional task. Filling the gap Mrs. Edna V. Bañaga, principal at the San Francisco High School (SFHS) in Quezon City, said they continue to accept late enrollees because there are private schools near SFHS which announced their decision not to operate for this school year late. From around 6,200 students in SY 2019-20, SFHS has around 8,955 enrolled students as of Sept. 25. “That’s why we are also looking for teachers who will fill this gap,” she told the Philippine News Agency. While this has been a problem in the past, its enormity is significant now given the surge in the number of students in public schools. Bañaga said while there are teacher-applicants for this school year, their number is not enough because of the spike in the number of students. “So we are encouraging those (teachers) from schools that closed to apply,” she said. As of last school year, SFHS has around 220 teachers. Bañaga said the SFHS has 30 vacant teaching positions but only five has been filled up so far, due in part to the community quarantine that the government is implementing. Preparedness With school opening finally pushing through on Oct. 5, Bañaga said they have readied their teachers and students — with dry run of classes done before the supposed Aug. 24 opening as well as last week, from Sept. 28 to Oct. 2. Books have also been distributed last week. However, the distribution of tablets that the local government unit (LGU) will lend to students enrolled in online classes will only start on Oct. 6. Bañaga said the distribution of tablets will be done for about a month to limit the number of persons in the school compound, in line with the government’s health protocols. 她说，大约8，031名学生使用平板电脑，而其他人宁愿不借平板电脑或选择打印模块。 Overall, she said they are ready for the school year since they have prepared both the teachers and the students. “I think, basically, we’re ready. We’re just preparing for the Oct. 5 opening with the prayer that internet connection will not give up on us,” she added. (PNA) Posted bymanage2020年10月4日2021年4月3日Posted inEducation NewsLeave a comment on How schools wrestle with demands of ‘new normal’ in education DepEd guarantees restoration of P4k net pay beginning October 30 The Department of Education (DepEd) on Sunday assured all teachers and personnel of the restoration of their P4,000 net take home pay (NTHP). Those who received less than the said threshold for the month of October due to deductions for the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) and the Home Development Mutual Fund (HDMF) will receive the remainder on Monday, October 30, through their Automated Teller Machine (ATM) cards, per the advice of Undersecretary for Finance Victoria Catibog. The Department prioritized the reinstatement as part of its commitment to ensure that teachers and personnel will receive no less than P4,000 for their NTHP as mandated by DepEd Order No. 55, s. 2017 entitled “Revised Guidelines on the Implementation of P4,000 Net Take Home Pay for the Department of Education Personnel,” signed by Education Secretary Leonor Magtolis Briones. The said order further states that contributions or obligations of premiums and loans to the GSIS and HDMF shall be given priority in deductions from salaries of employees pursuant to Section 47 of the General Provisions of Republic Act (RA) No. 10924, or the “General Appropriations Act of 2017.” The same primacy shall be accorded to payments for the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) and the Philippine Health Insurance Corporation (PhilHealth). The net pay may increase or decrease, depending on the GSIS and HDMF deductions, but DepEd assures teachers and personnel that their net pay will not go lower than P4,000. The Department likewise reminds them to personally settle dislodged payments for their loans from Private Lending Institutions (PLIs) over the counter. In view of all these, DepEd is continuously identifying measures to protect its employees and their families from financial and legal implications of non-payment of debts. END Posted bymanage2017年11月2日Posted inPolicy and RegulationsLeave a comment on DepEd guarantees restoration of P4k net pay beginning October 30 DepEd reiterates observance of P4k Net Take Home Pay threshold The Department of Education (DepEd) on Thursday moved to ensure that teachers will receive no less than P4,000 as Net Take Home Pay (NTHP) as it prioritizes loan deductions due for the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) and the Home Development Mutual Fund (HDMF). Teachers’ NTHP threshold shall be safeguarded following the issuance of DepEd Order No. 55 (DO 55), series 2017, or the “Revised Guidelines on the Implementation of P4,000 Net Take Home Pay for the Department of Education Personnel,” signed by Education Secretary Leonor Magtolis Briones. “This is one of the Department’s move to protect the interest of our teachers and personnel. We are also examining emergency measures to assuage the situation of those who have been negatively affected by the recent loan deduction,” the Education Secretary emphasized. Under the said Order and pursuant to Section 47 of the General Provisions of Republic Act (RA) No. 10924, or the “General Appropriations Act of 2017,” contributions or obligations of premiums and loans to the GSIS and HDMF shall be given priority in deductions from salaries of employees. The same primacy shall be accorded to payments for the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) and the Philippine Health Insurance Corporation (PhilHealth). Secretary Briones, through the Order, reiterated the necessity of DepEd Authorized Approving Officers (AAOs) to “exercise due diligence” in certifying and ensuring that the DepEd personnel applying for loans are well aware of their capacity to pay, and of the interests and penalties that they may incur in case of delayed payment. All DepEd personnel are also reminded to ensure that they have the capacity to pay loans being applied under the Automatic Payroll Deduction System (APDS), while non-mandatory deductions or loans not deducted under the APDS are to be paid by the personnel directly to the respective lenders. While teachers in public schools receive salaries higher than those in private schools and other sectors of government service, teachers across the country have incurred P178 billion worth of loans from Private Lending Institutions (PLIs) and P123 billion liability due to GSIS as of December 2016. “Although the net pay may increase or decrease, depending on the GSIS, HDMF, PhilHealth, BIR and other deductions, we would like to assure all DepEd personnel that their net pay, which goes to the provision of their daily needs, will not go lower than the P4,000 threshold. With this, we continue to identify and implement measures that will enable our teachers and personnel to manage their finances and retire comfortably in the future,” the Secretary added. END Posted bymanage2017年11月2日2017年11月2日Posted inTeacher BenefitsLeave a comment on DepEd reiterates observance of P4k Net Take Home Pay threshold Posts navigation 1 2 3 … 9 Older posts Teacher Information Resource Center, Proudly powered by WordPress.