Interstones UK - Granite, Marble, Quartzite, Travertine, Onyx Suppliers Weiss Architecture Studio Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae lorem. Home Stone Collection Projects Blog Black Gold Granite Slabs in UK Italian Marble Supplier UK Turkish Marble Slabs in UK Calacatta Marble Slabs UK Exotic Natural Stone Slabs Brazil Brazilian Quartzite Slabs UK Granite Slabs in UK Industry Trends Granite Worktops Quartz Stone Worktops Popular Posts Quartz that look like a Marble Just for Worktops About Us Quartz Warranty Resources Quartz Granite Contact Us Home Stone Collection Projects Blog About Us Resources Quartz Granite Contact Us The Natural Stone Supplier B2B Quartz Suppliers Carefully Sourced Stone OUR LATEST COLLECTION OF STONES To ensure that we retain our high quality standards while keeping our costs fair, we import our natural stone directly from the quarry and hand choose the highest quality materials available. GRANITE Granite is a naturally created substance that is exceptionally strong and versatile. It has a high-density, non-porous surface that is stain-resistant and simple to clean. We have a large selection of stone materials in bulk slab form in stock. If your annual requirements are sufficient, we can supply large slabs of granite to any commercial business in the United Kingdom. Below is a list of some of our most well-liked ranges. Read More PORCELAIN The choice of porcelain stoneware guarantees quicker and more efficient cleaning because it is a sturdy and extremely hygienic material, perfect for an area like the kitchen, which is frequently damp and prone to splashes and temperature changes. the kitchen worktops, kitchen backsplash wall and wall cladding behind the cooker, which is the area most likely to sustain spills, greasy spills, and greasy materials. Read More ONYX One type of quartz stone is onyx. It can be white, yellow, green, red, blue, black, or purple, among other colours. This product's translucency can give the impression of strong depth even in the absence of light, adding intrigue and interaction to any surface it is applied to. Read More ENHANCING YOUR SPACE We source materials from all over the world to give consumers the best possible answer to their stone needs, making the entire experience enjoyable and satisfying. This is done to assure complete client satisfaction. Our current success is a result of our in-depth industry knowledge and the many years of enduring connections we have cultivated with our clients. Our clients include end users as well as architects, interior designers, stonemasons, developers, and building builders. To be mesmerised and to get a better idea of the numerous types of stone we provide, stop by our warehouse. Featured Projects Since our inception , we have grown to become a global firm that attracts a broad clientele. With over a decade years of expertise and innumerable clients and consumers in our field, we serve to provide you with an experience that is unrivalled in terms of service, dependability, variety, and compatibility. 3D PRINT QUARTZ 1 Read More MARBLE Marble is a natural stone with coloured mottling or streaks that is a hard variety of limestone. Suitable for a wide range of interior solutions and always impresses. Read More QUARTZ Quartz is a man-made stone made from 93 percent natural quartz and resin bonding. It has the look and feel of stone while being highly durable and powerful. Read More Know more on our quartz 100% ENGINEERED STONE Unlike other stone slabs, quartz can be worked to have a certain appearance. Quartz slabs can be created in such a way that the manufacturer can guarantee that the colour, texture, and pattern are all exactly what you desire. The slab is free of flaws that could be cut around and raised in price. NON-POROUS QUARTZ Both marble and granite are pore-filled stones with minute capillary channels running through the minerals. If wine is spilled on unsealed granite or marble, the liquid may seep into these crevices and may leave a lasting stain. Quartz requires no sealing and has no channels. It is incredibly difficult to stain quartz. This makes using and maintaining it in the kitchen or bathroom much simpler. EASY TO CLEAN You want your counter to be easy to use when you pay for it. The counter may be easily cleaned with quartz. Quartz appears brand new after being cleaned with soap and water. You are not need to use certain soaps that kill bacteria. LOW MAINTENANCE Regular sealing of granite and marble surfaces is necessary to stop stains and bacterial growth. The expense of these countertops is increased by this maintenance. Quartz doesn't require frequent sealing or other care to keep it looking good and functioning. SHOCK RESISTANT Quartz counters are made by combining 93% natural quartz stone with 7% resin binder and some colourant. This creates an extremely hard stone that is stronger that granite or marble. The slab is the same working thickness as other materials, and it is shap STAIN RESISTANT Our quartz slabs are manufactured to be hygienic and to reduce the opportunity for bacteria to grow. This makes Artemis quartz counters appropriate for food preparation and consumption SCRATCH RESISTANT Quartz, because of its design and manufacturing process, is a durable and scratch resistant product. By exercising standard care, your finish will look fabulous throughout your countertop's lifetime. EVERLASTING SHEEN Quartz provides a natural and lasting shine compared to granite MODERN COLLECTION OF COLOURS Artemis slabs are available in many colours. We are one of the few quartz companies in world who have successfully manufactured quartz slabs with patterns and variations usually found in natural Stone “ Our main source for their opulent residences is Interstones UK. They regularly offer high-quality goods and first-rate services. They have a dependable and helpful staff that is amiable and informed. We heartily endorse them. Thomas Cliff - Cornwall “ Excellent company, excellent products, excellent customer service; highly recommended! Thank you for the prompt delivery and excellent communication. George Mcwell- Essex “ Our designers and specifiers loved working with your stone company for our project. We appreciate the consistence support extended. Richard Hughes - Sheffield “ Interstones is a pleasure to work with, offering a competent service at a reasonable price, with a personal touch and excellent communication throughout the process, which is critical in the construction sector. Sally Goldsmith - London Contact Us Get in touch and join our email list for tips and useful information. Can't read the image? click here to refresh. By clicking the send button, you agree to out terms of privacy. Liability Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cancellation/Refund Policy Environmental Policy FAQ Mill House Farm, Muckingford Road, West Tilbury, Grays, RM18 8TP United Kingdom office@interstones.co.uk, 02080902090 © Interstones