Muskegon Cannabis Dispensary Near You • Indigrow Skip to content Strains Kwazulu Kilimanjaro Pakistani Chitral African Frost Blueberry KilKina Deep Frost About Seed to Sale Consumer Education Contact Tours VCAP Blog & News Menu Strains Kwazulu Kilimanjaro Pakistani Chitral African Frost Blueberry KilKina Deep Frost About Seed to Sale Consumer Education Contact Tours VCAP Blog & News Order Online Small Batch Craft. High Grade Cannabis. Shop Now Browse Strains WELCOME TO INDIGROW Menu Strains Blog Tours & appointments We’re looking to see how interested you are in coming in for tours or appointments. Please fill out the form below and let us know! OUR CRAFT CANNABIS STRAINS Kwazulu Sativa Kilimanjaro Sativa Pakistani Chitral Kush Indica African Frost Sativa Blueberry Indica Deep Frost Hybrid KilKina Hybrid Browse More Strains Small Batch craft What’s so uniquely great about our flower? To us – ‘Small-Batch Craft’ means our expert Indigrow cannabis craft cultivation team is involved in the entire process, from seed to sale. We believe in quality over quantity, as reflected in our practices and operations High grade cannabis ‘High-Grade Cannabis means you can always be sure that all of our flower that winds up in your hands is of the highest-quality possible. We’re proud to be a truly vertically-integrated cannabis company that cares deeply about our cannabis and our consumers. Consumer Education Seed to Sale We consider cannabis cultivation to be an art. Therefore, as such, we believe it should surely be craft-and-quality-focused. Click here to learn about our step-by-step seed-to-sale process at our small-batch cannabis company that sets us apart from the rest. Learn More IndiGrow4.8Based on 49 reviewsreview us onEthan Hall19:10 16 Jun 23When I got to IndiGrow the first thing I noticed was the cleanliness of the place, it immediately gave off a professional atmosphere. To expand on just how great this place was, everyone we talked to in this store knew exactly what the we’re talking about, and we’re passionate as well. I left something at their store after I had left and they shipped it straight to my house! Now onto the most important aspect, the quality of their strains,I mean I do not have words to say about how great their products are you just have to try it yourself. It was an amazing experience and I will definitely be going there again. It was by far the best dispensary I’ve ever been to and this is no exaggeration!Heidi B21:11 03 May 23This place is top notch & not your typical dispensary. I was able to take a tour and I learned a lot of things that I didn’t know before. Everyone there is friendly and professional and they’re all about educating their customers about the benefits of cannabis. I would give them 10 stars if I could. 😃Jess J.17:09 20 Apr 23exceptional staff and atmosphere! The receptionist today (4/20) was amazing and kind, my budtender was very knowledgeable and definitely helped me get the right strains just for me. Also...The Bowl!!! such an epic spot to smoke and chill outside!!mike george13:41 07 Mar 23I didn’t know what to expect, when I first entered the store. But, I was so impressed. They did a fantastic job renewing the building. The tour was wonderful. I got to see this micro grow from start to finish, these guys know what they are doing. This is truly a state of the art facility. Chris and staff are great people and very knowledgeable. They have an excellent selection of strains to try. I will definitely be back. Thanks Dr. LomeoZachary21:29 24 Feb 23Awesome place! I love the transparency, they hide nothing from you. It's refreshing to see a microbusiness actually care about their consumers, other microbusinesses in the area aren't as transparent. That makes me nervous as a consumer I like to know what is in what I'm putting into my body and indigrow does a great job showing consumers what's in the products they are buying. Best cannabis company in muskegon, none of the other dispensaries or the other microbusiness can come close to imitating what Indigrow can do. Love shopping with Jesse, he is fast, friendly, and always accurate with my orders. Chris also does a wonderful job helping me get exactly what I'm looking for.Alexandra Herd15:41 11 Feb 23My husband and I had an incredible experience at this shop! They had just started offering labratory tours when we went. The tour guides Silvia and Jesse were so welcoming and knowledgable about both the business and the products. The owners are also incredible people with such a passion for the craft. Their products are of top-tier quality. We got both gummi and preroll flights and have been so happy with our purchases. Good stuff. Highly recommend!Danielle Hite19:03 10 Feb 23Great people, very professional! Their cannabis is top notch. I can't say enough about the product. In an industry that is saturated with dried out, old weed from other states that is not fresh, and is never a landrace strain, their flower really takes me back!Dee H.23:20 04 Jan 23Great product coming from this business. The owners are incredibly professional and very knowledgeable about their product. The inside of the building is absolutely gorgeous. I would highly recommend this business to anyone and I will be returning myself.Valerie Brickner22:42 26 Nov 22From the minute I walked in the door I could tell this place was different from any dispensary I’ve ever been in. It was a great experience from start to finish. The customer service was amazing! I went on the tour of their facilities and was even more amazed at the care and quality they use from start to finish! And then when I got home and got to use the products I was not disappointed. I can safely say I will not be going anywhere else for my CBD and THC needs but here any more! Follow Us @indigrowmi Get Indigrow News and Deals Right to Your Inbox! QuiCk Links Menu About Seed to Sale Consumer Edu. Tours Blog & News VCAP Contact Menu About Seed to Sale Consumer Edu. Tours Blog & News VCAP Contact Strains Kwazulu Kilimanjaro Pakistani Chitral Kush African Frost Blueberry KilixDC Deep Frost Kwazulu Kilimanjaro Pakistani Chitral Kush African Frost Blueberry KilixDC Deep Frost Quick Links Menu About Seed to Sale Consumer Edu. Tours Blog & News VCAP Contact Menu About Seed to Sale Consumer Edu. Tours Blog & News VCAP Contact Strains Kwazulu Kilimanjaro Pakistani Chitral Kush African Frost Blueberry KilixDC Deep Frost Kwazulu Kilimanjaro Pakistani Chitral Kush African Frost Blueberry KilixDC Deep Frost Let's Connect Instagram Facebook-f Twitter Linkedin-in HOURS OF OPERATION Mon-Sat: 11 AM–7 PMSunday: Closed ©2023 Indigrow • All Rights Reserved • Website by PufCreativ ©2023 Indigrow • All Rights ReservedWebsite by PufCreativ Strains Menu About Seed to Sale Consumer Edu. Tours Blog & News VCAP Contact Menu About Seed to Sale Consumer Edu. Tours Blog & News VCAP Contact Order Online About Consumer Education Blog & News Contact Sorry, you are not allowed to view this website. Are you over 21 years of age? Yes No