Home - Reach Out 24 Reach Out 24 Call 07399824490 Email info@reachout24.co.uk Register Job Search Join Us About E-Brochure Contact Menu Register Job Search Join Us About E-Brochure Contact Providing Domiciliary Care Services In and Around CrawleyRecruiting and supplying mental health nurses and healthcare assistants into NHS and Private mental health settings across the nationProviding Supported Living Care Services Across the Country Previous slide Next slide The Care Quality Commission (CQC) inspects health and adult social care services in England to make sure that they provide safe, high-quality care. If a service needs to improve, CQC will take action to make sure this happens. Find out more at www.cqc.org.uk. Our Services ReachOut24 Home CareServices ReachOut24 StaffingServices ReachOut24 Supported LivingServices Our Services Include: Reachout24 Temporary Staffing Services– We recruit and supply mental health nurses and healthcare professionals to both NHS hospitals, community settings, Private healthcare settings and Nursing Homes. Our Nurses and healthcare assistants are rigorously screened and vetted, for their compliance, criminal background checks, right to work, identity and professional registration in line with NHS standards. ReachOut24 Domiciliary Care Services- Our bespoke client-tailored domiciliary care services, which will be regulated by the CQC, will offer flexible home care support ranging from short-term support to long-term care, in and around Crawley, whilst looking at expanding services beyond this area. The services will be inclusive of, but not limited to, Elderly Care, Dementia Care, Live-in Care and Respite Care. We provide services to adults over 18 years and beyond. These might be due to physical disability, post hospital care, dementia, elderly, or end of life.Live-in services allow us to provide our clients with 24-hour services in the comfort of their own home without needing to make the life-changing move into a care home. Our highly experienced and compassionate support workers will provide high quality care enabling our clients to achieve a better quality of life and live a fulfilling life.Our Respite service is our fast and responsive standby service for that prompt care requirement when the usual care giver needs a break, holiday, has been taken ill or in any other emergency. ReachOut24 Supported Living Care Services- Through this service, ReachOut24 is committed to providing supported housing and move-on accommodation with outstanding care to meet the wide range of support needs of our clients to help them retain their independence by being supported in their own home with full access to community services. Register With Us Useful Links Contact Register Job Vacancies Useful Links Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Covid Guidance Data Protection Modern Slavery Policy Anti Bribery Admin Area Login Sage HR DBS Location Churchill Court3 Manor RoyalCrawleyRH10 9LU Copyright © 2024 Reach Out 24 | Powered by Nject