Alpha Guaranty Trust Bank | Checking & Savings for all Businesses – "Our Mission is to fulfill the financial needs of our communities with exceptional personal service, professionalism and integrity, and deliver meaningful value and results for customers and shareholders." Skip to content Debit Cards Contact Us About Us Debit Cards Contact Us About Us Personal Banking Checking Savings CDs IRAs Online Banking Mobile Banking Business Banking Business Checking Business Savings Business Mobile Banking Business Services Business Online Banking Loan Center Personal Loans Business Loans Mortgages Reverse Mortgages Home Equity Loans Construction Loans ONLINE BANKING LOGIN NEW ONLINE BANKING EXPERIENCE IS HERE Click Below to Log In LOGIN TO ONLINE BANKING Better Banking that rewards you From savings to checking accounts and innovative banking solutions, We help you build a solid financial future. open an account now Certificate of Deposit Select from a range of Alpha Guaranty Trust Bank terms for short and long term goals at a fixed rate of return. Learn More Business Solutions We work with all types of small and medium sized companies. Do you need a business loan, tailored insurance or . Learn More Personal Solutions Alpha Guaranty Trust Bank is committed to helping you achieve your personal financial goals. When you bank with us, . Learn More Home Equity Loans Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit are available on your primary residence in amounts based upon a percentage of your Learn More Debit Cards Gain access to your funds around the clock and make purchases directly from your Alpha Guaranty Trust using the Learn More Debit Cards Purchasing a house can be a dream come true with the right lender by your side. Alpha Guaranty Trust offers home buyers Learn More Helping local businesses and your community thrive, together Experience a better kind of bank, bringing the best in smart, personalized banking to where you live. Your neighborhood is our neighborhood. Your success is our success. For all our neighbors, we are your bank. . Why Alpha Guaranty Trust Bank? The purpose of Alpha Guaranty Trust is to serve customers. Real People, having Real Conversations and creating shared success. Banking Wherever You Are! You have goals. We have solutions. Wherever you are we’re with you. Literally! We’re committed to help you bank easier, from mobile apps to finding competitive rates, to getting a mortgage; banking with Star Prime has never been this easier. Your trusted partner for all your big adventures Privacy Policy TERMS OF USE Contact Us About Us Copyright 2024 © Alpha Guaranty Trust Bank Personal Banking Checking Savings CDs IRAs Online Banking Mobile Banking Business Banking Business Checking Business Savings Business Mobile Banking Business Services Business Online Banking Loan Center Personal Loans Business Loans Mortgages Reverse Mortgages Home Equity Loans Construction Loans Debit Cards Contact Us About Us ONLINE BANKING LOGIN