Leading Exams - Help your children to reach their potential Skip to content Leading Exams Menu Close Home About Us Exam Booking Blog Contact Us 7+, 8+ & 11+ Mock Exams Expert made assessments with detailed feedback. Book Now Exam Environment We create a proctored exam environment and use our unique, highly accurate examinations to assess children. Our aim is to prepare children to give their best account of themselves on the real exam day. Complete coverage Our examiners work diligently to create an assessment that is a true reflection of the real exams. This includes assessments in Dictation and Mental Arithmetic which are becoming increasingly popular. Advice and Guidance Upon completion of the exams, students will receive their marked work within a few days. Our examiner will write up detailed guidance on areas of improvement with actionable advice on how to best prepare. Example 2022 11+ Exam Leo’s Leading Exams 11+ assessment School sample papers are great for preparation. However, the real exams are often more challenging and can surprise students. We take great effort in providing realistic exams, which have proven to be excellent preparation for even the most competitive schools. Leo took our 11+ Independent Assessment this year. Click below to view Leo’s 11+ report. Leo, like many Leading Exams students, subsequently received an acceptance offer from all schools he applied to. Leo’s Leading Exams Report Upcoming Leading Exams Sold Out18June, 20229 am – 12:30 pm£8+ Mock Exam CMarlborough Primary School, Draycott Ave, London, SW3 3AP. Sold Out18June, 20229 am – 12:30 pm£7+ Mock Exam CMarlborough Primary School, Draycott Ave, London, SW3 3AP. Sold Out18June, 20229 am – 12:30 pm£11+ Mock Exam CMarlborough Primary School, Draycott Ave, London, SW3 3AP. Sold Out14May, 20229 am – 12 pm£11+ Mock Exam BMarlborough Primary School, Draycott Ave, London, SW3 3AP. Sold Out18May, 20229 am – 12 pm£8+ Mock Exam BMarlborough Primary School, Draycott Ave, London, SW3 3AP. Sold Out14May, 20229 am – 12 pm£7+ Mock Exam BMarlborough Primary School, Draycott Ave, London, SW3 3AP. View Exam Timetable Tried and Tested Exams As Josh is our second child to sit the 7+, we decided to prepare him ourselves. Josh took three mock exams with Leading Exams. The reports and feedback provided after each exam were incredibly useful to help us create an actionable plan for Josh. For parents tackling the 7+ exams, we highly recommend Leading Exams. Mr and Mrs Wang Parents of 7+ student Leading Exams provided my son with invaluable timed practice before his 8+ exams. We primarily used sample papers from myexampapers.co.uk to prepare however there aren’t many out there and the difficulty varies a lot. My son commented that the Leading Exams mock was the most difficult exams he did and also most similar to the real thing. Ms Stevenson Mother of 8+ student The Leading Exams 11+ Grammar School assessment was perfect for our son. We opted to take one mock exam every six weeks for six months in the lead up to the GL exams. Everytime, the entire scope of the syllabus was tested and our sons mark showed a fantastic improvement using the feedback Leading Exams gave us. Dr Shah Father of 11+ student Our 7+ and 8+ students attended the Leading Exams 2021 mock examinations. We used the assessment to create individualised learning plans for each student. Leading Exams are the best organisation I’ve come across – they even test Mental Arithmetic and Dictation which are often overlooked. Mr Russell Prep School Headteacher © ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. |Leading Exams |PRIVACY●TERMS●PAYMENTS & SECURITY No, thank you. I do not want. 100% secure your website. Powered by 0 0 Your Cart Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop Continue Shopping