Bulgarian booksInternet Bookstore Bulgarian Booking.Sofia, 10 Aksakov Str. Home |BasketFor us |Help divided useful links National Library "St. St. Cyril and Methodius" Dukyan Meloman Word - Bulgarian virulent Library Foundation "Elizabeth Kostova" Culture newspaper Antique Shop "Svetlostrui" Literary Newspaper NABIS FACEBOOK - BulgarianOther plays Author: Healthy Kamenova, Gergana Dimitrova section: Pubs Publishing House: Publishing Atelier AB Price: 22,00 BGN More for the Book More Recommended Books ... Technofelism Author: Janis Varufakis section: Economic Literature Publishing House: East Price: 18, 18,90 lv more for the book yet recommended books ... The big tour of the Roman Empire Author: Mark Sidoni Falks and Jerry Toner Toner: English Literature, Antique History, World Cultural Studio, Ethnology and Folklore Publishing: Hummingbird Price: 23.00 more for the bookMore recommended books ... Friends of books recommend ... New books Architecture - Art: Age and Cultural Spaces Author: Stella Tasheva, Sasha Lozanova section: World Cultural, Ethnology and Folklore, Art - Other History, Architecture, Publishing House: Myodesan nationality: Bulgarian first edition, 2024, soft covers, 204 pages Price: 25,00 BGN The edition outlines the inseparable connection between architecture and the arts.It contains an introduction, eleven articles and a short conclusion prepared by Assoc. Prof. Dr. Arch.Stella Tasheva and Assoc.Sasha Lozanova.Continuation ... Historic Atlas of Russia, a teaching tool for military education institutions - photototine edition of the original.Published in Warsaw Author: NI Pavalland Section: Sources and Documents, Publishing House: Guta-n Nationality: Russian, Translator: Nikolay Ivanov Kolev First Edition, 2024, Medic Covers, 132 Page Price: 56,00 BGN PhototypicalAn edition of the Atlas, published for the first time by the printing house of Stanislav Strombski, Warsaw, 1845.IM “St.Kliment Ohridski "Nationality: Bulgarian First Edition, 2023, Hard Covers, 610 pages Price: BGN 30.00" This collection is dedicated to three personalities, without which Bulgarian law would not be the same: to the university professors Dimitar Silyanovski, ZhivkoStalev, Vitali Tagger - three particularly significant figures, three extremely rich and multi -layered personalities.Continuation ... Introduction to postmodernism.Visual Guide Author: R. Aapinynesi, K. Garat, Z. Sardar, P.Carry section: Contemporary Philosophy, Theory of Culture, Publishing House: IM “St.Kliment Ohridski "Nationality: English, translator: Vladimir Poleganov Second edition, 2022, soft covers, 200 pages Price: 16,00 BGNThe answer is: postmodernism.Continuation ... Sabaziy - Ziezi, of whom the Bulgarians author are: Peter Georgiev |Peter Georgiev section: Bulgarians in Antiquity /Proto -Bulgarians /, Publishing House: Bulga Media Nationality: Bulgarian First Edition, 2024, Monika Covers, 188 pages Price: 17,00 BGN The literal translation of the phrase "Sabazi - Ziezi, from whom the Bulgarians are"It means" Sabazius - the God of God, from whom the Bulgarians are. "The resistance to preserve the ancient customs of the ancestors of violent Christianization created the Bulgarians here in the Balkans.Continuation ... << p <back1 |2 |3 |4 |5 |6 |7 |8 |9 |10 |forward> p.March 4 (Monday) will be a holiday day for the bookstore More ... Registered users Name: Password: >> Registration News Important!March 4 (Monday) will be a holiday day for the bookstore ranking 50 best-selling books in Bulgarian Books for 2023. Important!Festive working hours in the days around New Year Our showcase important!Bookstore "Bulgarian Books" goes on vacation from September 22 to 24 inclusive!More news ... 10 best-selling books for the month 1. Song of Solomon's songs 2. Tall windows 3. Georgi Kyoseivanov.The Opened Prime Minister 4. Notes-a poll with Dragan Tsankov (by Prof. Ivan Shishmanov) • The impossible Dragan Tsankov (from Tony Zarev) 5. Danube Bulgaria and the Balkans, Volume 1: Historical-Geographical-Ethnographic Travel Studies from 1860 to 1879 6. 6. I already heard the silence.Three Portuguese poets 7. Noun, Calendar and Caption of the Ancient Bulgarians 8. The "ex -people" of the concentration camp Bulgaria 9. Memories of two Chetniks of IMORO 1904 - 1908 10. The Forests.Starosel, Staro Zhelezare, Panicari, Labor, Drangovo.A collection of memories of live witnesses and archival documents © 2003 - 2012 Bulgarian books, office@knigabg.com