Fresh Basket Skip to content +91 9650555120 ffggLogin Register Select Category Vegetables (25)Dehydrated Products (2)Fruits (11)Spices (19) 0 0 No products in the cart. Home About Us Shop Product Vegetables Fruits Spices Dehydrated Products Inquiry Gallery Contact Us Slide 1Fresh Basket Global Food Importers & ExportersSlide 1Fresh Basket Global Food Importers & ExportersSlide 1Fresh Basket Global Food Importers & Exporters Fresh Basket - Global Food Importers & Exporters “As the ‘land of spices’, India exports tons of various kinds of food. In fact, food export from India is a major source of revenue. To help your products reach to even the farthest corners of the world, Fresh Basket offers you various types of food export as well as spices export from India. Being among the leading food export companies in India, we ensure our services conform to international quality standards.” Our Products Apple Banana Coconut Grapes Mango Orange Pears Pineapple Pomegranate Strawberry Watermelon Beetroot Bell Pepper Bitter Gourd Brinjal Broccolie Cabbage Carrots Cauliflower Coriander Cucumber Doodhi / Bottle Gourd / Lauki Drum Stick Green Chilli Lady Finger Lemon Mint Mushroom Onion Papdi / Hyacinth Bean Potato Pumpkin Radish Ridge Gourd / Ghosal Spring Onion Taro Asafoetida Bay Leaf Black Pepper Carom Seeds / Thyme Chili-Pepper Cinnamon Clove Coriander Cumin Garlic Ginger Green Cardamom Green Chilli Pepper Mace Mustard Seeds Nutmeg Saffron Star Anise Turmeric Dehydrated Fruits Dehydrated Vegetables Shop from Top Categories Vegetables (25)Shop NowSpices (19)Shop NowFruits (11)Shop NowDehydrated Products (2)Shop Now WHY CHOOSE US ? Get Buyers for Your Food ProductsNo matter the type of food or spice you plan on exporting, we will ensure that you get genuine buyers for your products who meet your expectations. Market Analysis & Up-to-date Market InformationOur thorough and regular analysis and research let us update our database with up to date information on the market and allows us to stay on top of every update. Best quality food trading servicesOur stringent policies make sure that food handling and trading is in accordance with international quality standards. Reliable & Trusted ServicesTrust is a pillar of our services. Our transparent and reliable operations ensure that you feel at ease with our services. Global PresenceEven if you are planning to export across multiple continents, we’ve got you covered. Our global presence will allow your products to be exported to various countries. Save your time & cost for searching marketsUnderstanding and researching the market by yourself can be expensive and time-consuming. But with Fresh Basket, we will do that for you instead. Why the Indian market is Best? AGRICULTURE BASE With over 50 per cent of India’s workforce involved in the agriculture sector, the country is one of the leading agriculture exporters. AFFORDABLE RATES No matter the type of food or spice you plan on exporting, we will ensure that you get genuine buyers for your products who meet your expectations. BEST QUALITY FOOD PRODUCTS Any food product manufactured in India goes through quality assurance tests and certifications to ensure that they are of high quality. VARIETY OF SPICES AND TASTES Being known as the land of spices, the country is the leading producer of spices. The country boasts of a huge variety of spices providing a great range of flavour. DIVERSITY OF INDIA AND INDIAN CULTURE The diverse Indian cultures are the reason behind the diversified food products available. With each region of the country possessing its own blend and flavour, no country does this better. TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION In a land blessed with great scientific minds, India’s technological advancements and innovation have made international trade all the easier, making it the perfect choice. About Us We are the central Exporter of the Fresh Vegetables and Fresh Fruits. We significantly bargain in Vegetables like Fresh Brinjal, Fresh Capsicum, Fresh Carrot, Fresh Chili, Fresh Cluster, Fresh Drumstick, Fresh Bottle Gourd, Fresh Green Peas, Fresh Lemon, Fresh Okra, Fresh Parwal, Fresh Red Onion, Fresh Sponge Gourd, Fresh Tindora, Fresh Tomato and so on. We significantly bargain in Fruits like Fresh Jackfruit, Fresh Mangoes, Fresh Guavas, Fresh Pears, Grapes, Fresh Dargon Fruit, Fresh Lichi, Fresh Papaya and so on.Our wide assortment of Fresh Vegetables and Fresh Fruits is developed in controlled condition by utilizing trend setting innovation and innocuous manures. Moreover, our Fresh Vegetables and Fresh Fruits can be benefited at the market driving costs by the customers. Read More Click to National Whatsapp About Us Fresh Basket was established in the year 2018 at Faridabad, Haryana. Our company is known locally and internationally as Miner, Supplier, Importer And Exporter of mining products such Quick Link home about us shop product inquiry contact us Category Vegetables Fruits pulses spices Dehydrated Products Contact Us Address :Ganesh Villa -153, sec -46 , Faridabad -121003, Haryana – India Phone :+91-9650555120, +91-9650555124 Email :info@freshbasket.co.in © 2023 Fresh Basket. All Rights Reserved. Developed by makeMybiz Shipping Policy Refund Policy Terms & Condition Privacy Policy Login Sign Up Remember me Forgot Password? Sign In I accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Sign Up Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Email Reset Link