Dr.ZUGIC DENTAL PRACTE Home About us Doctors Dr. Tanja Žugić Doc Sci.Spec.Dejan Ćetković dr Danijela Dejanac Services of teeth children and preventive dentistry Endodontics Aesthetic dentistry ITSPLANTY ORAL SURGERY ORTOPEDIA Jig Periodontology Prosthetics Gallery Contact Welcome to the dental practice Žugić! Guardians of your smile.Our expert team with many years of experience in implantology, oral surgery, prosthetics, works with the most modern equipment, digital technology and modern materials with the aim of providing you with, safe and painless way to perfect smile.Contact us services detailed in the Dental Office Žugić! Guards of your smile.Our expert team with many years of experience in implantology, oral surgery, prosthetics, endodontics works with state-of-the-art equipment, digital technology and modern materials with the aim of providing you a fast, safe and painless way to perfect smile.Contact us services More See what we know everything!Smile and trust ... teeth disease fill (seals).Today colored materials are also used on the front and side teeth in the form of direct dental descaling, concrete, toothpaking professional removal of dental is the dental branch that deals with the diagnosis and treatment of teeth irregularities,jaw ... Children's and preventive dentistry Health care of your children begins in pregnancy, through ... Implantology in contemporary dental prosthetics so far an irreplaceable metaloceramic crowns, bridges and dentures are in history ... Periodontology keeping in mind that isToday Periodontopathy The most common cause of teeth, early detection of disease and timely therapy of the teeth) in the Dental Clarity of the Root Channel is performed on modern ... Oral surgery When the possibilities of conservative therapy your surgical intervention will do efficiently and responsiblyOur surgical team ... Prosthetics of metal-ceramic crowns and bridges have been standard in dentistry for many years.It is characterized by what is the basis ... every working day, from 12 to 19 hours, we are at your disposal.Objemonje zemrema OWN Patients and adapts to your obligations.We will remind you of the Nasvaki scheduled appointment and on any regular control. Every work day, from 12 to 19 hours, we are at your disposal.We respect the time of our patients and adapt your obligations.We will remind you of every scheduled term and on any regular control.Dr. Tanja Žugić Doc Dr. Sci.Spec.Dejan Ćetković dr Danijela Dejanac Doctors Dr. Tanja Žugić Doc Dr. Sci.Spec.Dejan Ćetković dr Danijela Dejanac Contact Generala Rajevskog 1, Vračar, Beograd +381 11 7839 034 +381 63 10 77 654 dental@drzugic-dental-practice.com Facebook |Instagram https://drzugic-dental-practice.com Copyright 2024. Designed by TeslaThemes