Clean Charm Media India's leading media company and casting portal Toggle navigation Home About Us Our Services Connect Us Sign In Login In Talent Login × Login Email Password Login Cancel Not a member? Sign Up Forgot Password? Email Password Login Cancel Not a member? Sign Up Forgot Password? Previous Next Portal Access Adult Artists Wide range of talents Child Artists Wide range of talents Pet Artists Wide range of talents ABOUT US Clean Charm Media Private Limited is an award-winning, globally distributed multi-platform media company on a mission to inspire with relevant, contemporary, innovative & unique services - both direct-to-consumer and its clients. Focusing on sports, culture, lifestyle Content, Technology, News, Entertainment, Education, Social, Historical, Geographical and many more. Clean Charm Media Private Limited offers a wide range of premium media products and services across TV, mobile, digital, audio, and print. Clean Charm Media Private Limited produces and licenses a broad selection of global live broadcast events, compelling and inspirational local storytelling with original short and long-form programming as well as feature globally. We offer customize solutions to all your creative need under one platform. MISSION Inception Promotion Establishment Sustainability Success VISION We are working towards building a one stop Complete Media Solutions by offering wide range of products & services globally. We will partner with our clients to ensure their brand consistently stand out to achieve their business goals. Innovative Designs Customized Solutions Endorsement Ongoing Branding Progressive Excellence Steadfast Integrity Progressive excellence Cohesive team of experts We offer a full range of works. We make movies, develop strategies and coordinate original creations. In parallel, we handle video post-production, special effects and animation. We are also specialists in handling effective distribution of materials. We run and monitor internet campaigns and traditional media. We can advise you on how to get the most out of budgets and the best choice of communication channels. We offer a complete service in the field of graphic design and creating other types of content. We invent, invent, invent, and – once again repeat – that good strategies demand good ideas. We offer Strategy-Brand, Communication Campaign & media Planning,Creation-Creative concepts with visual & Artistic assumption, Production-Video production & post production, TV Ads & Corporate videos, Special effects, animations ,3d-Graphic designing, Monitoring and analysis, Coordinating activity, Custom-made. We do not finish our work until we are fully satisfied with the results. We work comprehensively - from diagnosis of a specific conceptual work and the choice of the best solutions to the manufacture of the final product. We have handled hundreds of larger and smaller BTL, ATL and digital plans - and are always in the market for new ones. SERVICES Choose any services / plan that fits your needs. Editing Services Stock Services Real Estate Services Retouching & Restoration Services Support More Info Production Services Equipment Rental Pre-Production Services Post Production Services Support More Info Digital Services Graphic designing and Print Media Services Digital Intermediate Color Grading and more Support More Info Content & Management Services Content Creation Content translation Content Liscensing and more Support More Info Media & Management Services Web designing InPrivate Limited training Web Analytics and more Support More Info Advertising & Media Services SMA & SMM (Social Media Marketing & Advertising) Brand Consultancy SEO(Search Engine Optimization) and more Support More Info Talent Explorer Get started Home Sign up Downloads About us Company Information Get In Touch Support FAQ Help desk Forums User Privacy Policy Email Disclaimer Terms of Uses Cookies Policies Contact us