Spicer Group HOME ABOUT SERVICES PROJECTS CAREERS NEWS CONTACT Bidding HOMEABOUTSERVICESPROJECTSCAREERSNEWSCONTACT Bidding Scroll Celebrating 80 Years OF SPICER GROUP Stronger. Safer. Smarter. Spicer.Spicer Group, Inc. provides professional engineering, land surveying, community planning and architectural services. These four core areas of expertise include several associated subservices, and we encourage you to explore our projects to see just how dynamic our capabilities are. ServicesFrom on-demand solutions to long-term planning, our deliverables are Stronger, Safer and Smarter. Count on us to give you tailored solutions that fit your specific needs. Learn More Contact UsReady to take the next step? Click below to contact one of our office locations or send us a message with any questions or comments and one of our professionals will quickly respond. Send Message Featured ProjectIVES Drain Establishment and Improvement Project Working to Solve Decades-Old Erosion Issues in Mecosta CountyRead More Testimonials “Working with Spicer Group has been a very positive experience. The guidance they have offered has been very important and we are very excited to see construction begin on our new station.” - Jerry Cole, Firefighter for the Jerome Township Volunteer Fire Department “Spicer Group was very key to the whole development and assessment process of creating the Great Lakes Bay Regional Trail system. They have been here since the beginning and it is amazing to have their president, Rob, be a key leader in our non-profit enterprise over the last 10 years.”- Heidi Bolger, Past President of the Great Lakes Bay Regional Trail “I have worked with Spicer Group for more than a decade. In their Transportation Group, Mike Niederquell is one of the most thorough engineers I have had the pleasure to work with, his attention to detail is second to none. When you give him and his team a project, it is completed to the utmost satisfaction.” - Cory L. Wale, P.E., Assistant County Highway Engineer Bay County Road Commission “Our project was almost three years from start to finish. We brought Spicer in early, and they were very helpful in getting all of the submissions into governmental agencies. They were attentive all the way through construction.”- William Byl, Kent County Drain Commissioner “Working with Spicer Group has been really fun. Everyone was very professional, very detailed and patient with all of the many stakeholders in this project. Through it all, they never seemed like their feathers were ruffled. Just positive attitudes and a good product all around. I enjoyed working with them.”- Kimberly Balke, Biologist with the CRA NEWS NEWS Saginaw County Rebuilds Two Bridges Read More → Drain Establishment and Improvement Project Works to Solve Decades-Old Erosion Issues in Mecosta County Read More → Village of Peck Planning for the Future Read More → Straight Lines | Fall 2023 Read More → Get in Touch Video Introduction Project Feature Client Testimonial News Feature Get In Touch HomeAboutServicesProjectsCareersStraight LinesNewsContact © 2021 Spicer Group. All rights reserved.