Digicom Feni | Home Toggle navigation Home About Features Channels Pricing Contact Welcome to Digicom Feni Hi-definition HD is the new mantra for appreciating TV on all level board screens. Digicom Feni more than 500 Digital and HD channels not as much as cost of DTH and have tie-up with numerous MSO like DEN, Siti Cable, in Cable and others. Sign Up Sign In Digital Transmission No Rain Interruptions Easy Installation 24*7 Dedicated Support Digicom Feni Why Digicom Feni Ltd ? Truely Digital Newer Before We at Digicom Feni are determined to give you an unforgettable Digital TV experience. You can now enjoy more than 500 channels across genres with amazing picture quality and seamless connectivity. Pay less and enjoy entertainment like never before! YOU WILL GET All This And More Digital Cable Our Company provides Digital TV with 500 and more Digital stations having Digital Quality Quality Service We would be in a position to give better quality than DTH too. Online Support 24x7 Online support to answer all your queries. Affordable Packs Our packages are priced according to the needs of everyone. Digital Quality Get brilliant TV experience without any upgradation of your old device. 24/7 Support Yes you guessed it right we provide round the clock support. Required Documentation Channels Our Channel List I have Digicom in both of my offices and I can honestly state that their customer service and response time is second to none! Rifat BD Cable TV As a technical professional, I appreciated the approach of ‘this is how it is’ without the sales-man sugar coating techniques. This type of professional honesty I did not get from the other service providers. Sharukh Islam Ananda Jatra Ltd Digicom is willing to give back to the community in a number of ways. We are very happy to have them as a service provider. Aftab Technical Executive Packages Our Digital TV Packages Silver ৳ 500 per month 1 Mbps Internet Online TV Service SIGN UP NOW Gold ৳ 1,500 per month 3 Mbps Internet Online TV Service SIGN UP NOW GET IN TOUCH Dorp Us a Message Submit Now About US Information Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Downloads Support Contact Submit Ticket FAQ Copyright © 20201 Digicom Feni Ltd. All right reserved Shah-Alam Tower (7th floor) S.S.K Road, Feni-3900 Phone: +88-01843-461615