Realty Marketing – Realty Marketing WelcomeTradeshowsSelling a FranchiseFranchisesSolutions / PartnersContactBlog Welcome THE EXPERTS Our company continues to offer Real Estate entrepreneurs access to the most impressive and lucrative franchise opportunities world-wide. If you’re searching for a way to “be your own boss” and to take complete control of your own career, we have a couple of exciting franchise opportunities to choose from. Looking for a bigger challenge? If you’re a truly seasoned Realtor, many of the leading organizations are looking for World Wide expansion. Why not use the consulting services of skilled negotiators that are experienced in International Realtor Franchise sales, master franchises, state and country wide. Worldwide smart men and women have learned that buying Real Estate franchises is truly the secret of success. After all, when you choose a franchise with proven brand power and name recognition, you’ll avoid the difficulties associated with starting up a business “from scratch”. Instead, everything that you need to succeed will already be in place. If your looking for an investment partner or a graceful exit from the Real Estate industry? Either as a retail franchisee or a vendor to the industry. We can help you get top dollar for ready built established businesses or franchise groups. Over the last 12 months we have negotiated selling prices that on average were 92% of asking price. Our coverage in the Real Estate industry is intense, the latest in Agent websites, Office websites, computerized lead generation programs, local advertising programs, agent recruiting systems we offer consultation services the latest technologies. We have the experience to quickly determine which is the best system for your operation. We attend most of the industry trade shows. For the companies we work with we offer an opportunity to co attend these shows at a fraction of the cost of attending on your own. The experts at RMA have used their over 30 years of Real Estate franchising experience to help build over 1400 franchise locations in over 43 countries. Realty Marketing Proudly powered by WordPress