Fish feed machine,poultry feed machine,animal feed machine,fish feed extruder,flat die chicken feed machine,ring die pellet mill,wet type fish feed extruder,dry type fish feed extruder we are providing quality product lima30@limamachinery.com 008619337889073 Mon - Fri 9am-6:30pm ✕ ✕ Products Feed Pellet Machine Industry News About Contact Wet type fish feed extruder Dry type fish feed extruder Ring die pellet mill Flat die pellet making machine Talk to us: lima11@limamachinery.com 008619337889073 Visit us: #4 building One Belt One Road Industry, Jinshui District, Zhengzhou, China Dry type fish feed extruder The main structure of the Dry type fish feed extruder consists of upper feeder, conditioner, broken Learn more Flat die pellet making machine Flat die pellet making machine is a feed processing machine that directly compresses corn, soybean m Learn more Feeding fish/chicken/animal Farming fish requires a lot of learning. Different types of fish/chicken/animal need different living environments and conditions, and the equipment needed for feed animal needs to be learned and prepared in advance. Industry news Need to know the feed machine market, environment, requirements etc. This site will detail the situation for Country's farm. And learn the animal meat or eggs market. Main Products Dry type fish feed extruder, wet type fish feed extruder, flat die chicken feed machine, ring die pellet mill, fish feed capacity 300 kg/h to 5 t/h, poultry or animal feed capacity 600 kg/h to 20 t/h, etc. Helping you sale them oversea markets! There is a lot of learning about industry news. This website can help you which country need more feed machine for market. Each country needs which types of the feed pellet machine. LIMA Company assist you how to make the animal feeds speedly, the dry type fish feed extruder is suitable for small scale fish farms. Wet type fish feed extruder is useable for large and medium fish farms and industries. Chicken/animal feed machine can be designed in accordance with clients' requirements. Our market We making feed machinery for 20years old, and export more than 100 cities , and more than 200 agents , every year we go for exhibition in every agent country. Advantages of LIMA Company Our factory have morn than 500 workers and 20 engineers , we can according to the clients requested to design , and we can supply the engineer in agent country support after service. Super-fast response 7*24 online service. Multi-channels to reach us at any time, including Facebook, What's App, Skype, etc. All emails and complaints will be replied in 4h. Talk about feed pellet machine news Just as we just said before,flat plate pellet mill is desig Small Wood Sawdust Pellet Mill ring die pellet mill are more often used for commecial and b ring die pellet mill for sale making feed pellet In May of this year, Mitsui & Co. completed its fourth inves Japan Mitsui & Co., Ltd. continues to look for investment targets From January to April this year, the sales of salmon seeds ( Japanese salmon fish seed sales increased, value decreased by 14% Henan Lima Machinery Manufactory CO.,LTD © Copyrights.