PCSK9 Forum | Education and research forum Already a member? Login Become a member Register About About PCSK9 Forum Editorial Board Mission Statement Home About PCSK9 What are PCSK9 inhibitors? Why are new treatments needed? Which patients may benefit? Expert Meetings News News Meeting Reports Commentary Hot topics From the Editors Expert views Slides Slide Resource Programme Slides by Editorial Board Trials Videos Resources Trials Slides by Editorial Board Events Videos Webcasts Guidelines & Consensus Guidance Article Archive Contact ⇒ Main MenuAbout – About PCSK9 Forum – Editorial Board – Mission Statement – Home – What are PCSK9 inhibitors? – Why are new treatments needed? – Which patients may benefit? Expert Meetings News – News – Meeting Reports – Hot topics – From the Editors – Expert views Slides – Slide Resource Programme – Slides by Editorial Board Trials Videos Resources – Trials – Slides by Editorial Board – Events – Videos – Webcasts – Guidelines & Consensus Guidance – Article Archive Contact News What do you do after Statin? So many choices… what is yours?Lerodalcibep: What does LIBerate-HeFH tell us?Verve-101: Where are we up to with PCSK9 gene editing?Apo(a) size and PAD revascularisation outcomes: What’s the link?Lepodisiran: What progress towards Lp(a) reduction?Phase 1 data show sustained Lp(a) reduction with lepodisiran Latest News Updates Podcast: Can we improve FH detectionListenHot off the Press MK-0616 - how near is an oral PCSK9i? Hot TopicsFrom the 19th Closed Scientific Expert Meeting of the Editorial BoardWhat do you do after Statin? So many choices… what is yours? Professor Anne Goldberg discusses clinical trial evidence supporting treatment options.Watch now Atherogenicity of apoB-containing particles: The trilogy of LDL, Lp(a) and remnants. Professor John Chapman reviews the latest evidence. Watch now Slide Resource Programme Find out more » Expert Views Verve-101: Where are we up to with PCSK9 gene editing? Apo(a) size and PAD revascularisation outcomes: What’s the link? Lepodisiran: What progress towards Lp(a) reduction? Why are new treatments needed?Read more » What are the benefits of PCSK9 inhibitors?Read more » PCSK9 inhibitors in real world practice?Read more » News from the Trials Keep up to date with latest news and analyses from PCSK9 inhibitor trials. PACMAN-AMI: Sub study on alirocumab plaque effects SANTORINI: Supports PCSK9i combinations CLEAR Outcomes: Latest insights View latest news » Trial Resources For expert analysis and insights View Trials » View Trial slide decks » Most viewed CHORD ORION-8: Inclisiran shows efficacy and safety beyond six years siRNA-mediated lowering of Lp(a) by Olpasiran What do you do after Statin? So many choices… what is yours? Most viewed CHORD From the EditorsLerodalcibep: What does LIBerate-HeFH tell us? Professor Derick Raal discusses lerodalcibep data from the LIBerate-HeFH trial and explains what the results mean to practising clinicians. Read the editorial Related content: LIBerate-HeFH: Lerodalcibep reduces LDL-C in HeFH Tweets by @PCSK9Forum Congress Highlights News from AHA23 Phase 1 data show sustained Lp(a) reduction with lepodisiran Heart-1 trial: interim data show PCSK9 gene editing lowers LDL-C Small apoA isoforms linked to worse PAD revascularisation outcomes See all reports » Upcoming Events ACC Scientific Session 2024 See all events » In Case You Missed It Elevated LDL-C and elevated Lp(a) with recurrent MACE: What to do, to do what? Aortic valve stenosis: A key pathophysiological role for Lp(a)? Lp(a) and plaque progression: Insights from imaging LDL-C lowering with PCSK9 inhibition: Multi-modal imaging and impact on coronary plaque News from ESC 2023 About PCSK9 Education and Research ForumPCSK9 Education and Research Forum is the independent resource on PCSK9 science and its translation into critically important new treatments to lower LDL-C, which promise to transform the prognosis of millions of patients with hypercholesterolaemia (cholesterol disorders), accelerated atherosclerotic vascular heart disease and a high risk of premature CV death and disability. Read more » Increasing awareness, knowledge and understanding of elevated serum TGs in the development of CVD and pancreatitis and stimulating research of novel therapeutic strategies.JOIN TODAY Meet our Editorial BoardView all our Editorial Board Prof John ChapmanResearch Professor at the Sorbonne University Prof Henry GinsbergIrving Professor of Medicine, Columbia University Dr Michel FarnierClinician based at Point Medical, Dijon, France Prof Frederick RaalDirector, Carbohydrate & Lipid Metabolism Research Unit Prof Anthony WierzbickiConsultant in Metabolic Medicine/Chemical Pathology About PCSK9 Education and Research ForumPCSK9 Education and Research Forum is a not-for-profit organisation established by leading researchers in the fields of atherosclerosis, lipids and cardiovascular disease. Our mission is to raise awareness and knowledge of the significant role played by PCSK9 in lipid metabolism and its value as a novel therapeutic target. Editorial Policy Unless otherwise indicated, opinions expressed in the PCSK9 Education and Research Forum are those of the contributors. All patients should discuss their medication with their healthcare professional. Although every effort is made to ensure accuracy and avoid mistakes, no liability on the part of the PCSK9 Forum, the editors or the editorial board is accepted for the consequences of any misleading or inaccurate information. Educational Partners and Supporters © Copyright 2024 PCSK9 Forum. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Governance Disclaimer Statement