Best Multi Specialty Hospital in India | Apollo Spectra 1-860-500-2244 Call Book Appointment Health Check Specialities Bariatrics Breast Health ENT General Medicine General Surgery & Gastroenterology Hernia Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Arthritis Arthroscopy Other Sports Medicine Tendon and Ligament Repair Pain Management Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Plastic and Cosmetic Surgery Urgent Care Urology Men's Health Minimally Invasive Urological Treatment Women’s Health Vascular Surgery Our Hospitals Amritsar Abadi Court Road Bangalore Koramangala Chennai Alwarpet MRC Nagar Delhi Chirag Enclave Karol Bagh Greater Noida NSG Chowk Gurugram Sector 8 Sector 82 Gwalior Vikas Nagar Hyderabad Kondapur Ameerpet Paradise Circle Jaipur Lal kothi Kanpur Chunni Ganj Mumbai Chembur Tardeo Patna Agam Kuan Pune Sadashiv Peth Rewa Ratahara Our Doctors Testimonials Services Consultations Specialities / Procedures Health Check Pharmacy 24/7 Lab Report Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Diagnostics International Patient Care Second Opinion Select City Select City Specialities Bariatrics Breast Health ENT General Medicine General Surgery & Gastroenterology Hernia Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Arthritis Arthroscopy Other Sports Medicine Tendon and Ligament Repair Pain Management Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Plastic and Cosmetic Surgery Urgent Care Urology Men's Health Minimally Invasive Urological Treatment Women’s Health Vascular Surgery Our Hospitals Amritsar Abadi Court Road Bangalore Koramangala Chennai Alwarpet MRC Nagar Delhi Chirag Enclave Karol Bagh Greater Noida NSG Chowk Gurugram Sector 8 Sector 82 Gwalior Vikas Nagar Hyderabad Kondapur Ameerpet Paradise Circle Jaipur Lal kothi Kanpur Chunni Ganj Mumbai Chembur Tardeo Patna Agam Kuan Pune Sadashiv Peth Rewa Ratahara Our Doctors Testimonials Services Consultations Specialities / Procedures Health Check Pharmacy 24/7 Lab Report Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Diagnostics International Patient Care Second Opinion 1600000+ Happy Patients 2300+ Specialists 17 Hospitals 12 Locations Our Specialities Bariatrics Breast Health ENT General Medicine General Surgery & Gastroenterology Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Pain Management Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Plastic and Cosmetic Surgery Urgent Care Urology Vascular Surgery Our Doctors Dr. Sanjiv Dang.. MBBS, MS (ENT).. ENT, Head and Neck S.. 34 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Lohith U.. MBBS, MS, DNB (Surg .. Gastroenterology.. 14 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Dasari Pras.. MBBS,MS,M.Ch.. Interventional and C.. 49 Years Experience Hyderabad-Ameerpet Dr. Rajeev Nang.. MBBS, MS (ENT).. ENT, Head and Neck S.. 29 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Sandeep Aro.. MBBS, MD (Dermatolog.. Dermatology.. 25 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Naveen Chan.. MBBS,D'Ortho,DNB.. Orthopaedics and Tra.. 10 Years Experience Hyderabad-Ameerpet Dr. Rakesh Kuma.. MS (Ortho), M.Ch (Or.. Orthopedics.. 14 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Kiran Macha.. MBBS,Post Secondary .. Internal Medicine.. 10 Years Experience Hyderabad-Ameerpet Dr. Gaurav Kher.. MBBS, Diploma in Ort.. Orthopedics.. 20 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. P G Sundara.. MBBS, MD, DM.. Endocrinology.. 36 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. R. Raju.. MBBS, MS, MCh (Urolo.. Urology.. 12 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Ravi Shanke.. MBBS, MD, DM (Cardi.. Cardiology.. 20 Years Experience Gwalior-Vikas Nagar Dr. Shivani Sab.. MBBS, MS.. Obstetrics and Gynae.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Aparaajita .. MBBS, MS (ENT), DNB.. ENT.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Lingaraju A.. MBBS, MS.. Orthopedics.. 16 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Nikunj Bans.. MBBS,MS,FNB.. General Surgery, Lap.. 12 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Ashish Kuma.. MPT (Ortho).. Physiotherapy and Re.. 20 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Priyanka Si.. MBBS, MD.. Psychiatry.. 8 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Minny Jain.. MBBS, MD (Psychiatry.. Psychiatry.. 9 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Dixit Kr. T.. MBBS, DNB, IDCCM, FS.. Pulmonology/Critical.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Pallavi Gar.. MBBS, MD (General Me.. Gastroenterology.. 17 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. A S Prakash.. MBBS, DSM (Gastro).. General Surgery, Lap.. 22 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Sunandan Ya.. MBBS, MS, MCh (Urolo.. Urology.. 6 Years Experience Jaipur-Lal kothi Dr. Pavan Chebb.. MBBS, MS,MCh.. Orthopedics.. 20+ Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. HItesh Dawa.. MBBS, DNB (Ortho), M.. Orthopedics.. 15 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Rita Mittal.. MS ( OBG ).. Obstetrics and Gynae.. 36 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr Awantika Sin.. BDS, Fellowship in A.. Dental and Maxillofa.. 10 Years Experience Greater Noida-NSG Chowk Dr. Sanjeev Kum.. MBBS,MS.. ENT, Head and Neck S.. 34 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Mohd Shahid.. MD ( Medicine ), DMR.. Internal Medicine.. 17 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Vandheer Ku.. BDS, MDS.. Dental and Maxillofa.. 11 Years Experience Greater Noida-NSG Chowk Dr. Sasikumar M.. MBBS, MS (Gen Surger.. Plastic Surgery.. 13 Years Experience Chennai-Alwarpet Dr. Ali Sher.. MBBS, MD (General Me.. Internal Medicine.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr Dhalapathy S.. MBBS, MS, MCh.. Endocrinology.. 18 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Almas Khan.. MBBS, DNB ,FMAS.. General Surgery, Lap.. 5 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. Waseem Ahme.. MBBS, PG Dip.Family .. Geriatric Medicine.. 8 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Pavitra Sha.. MBBS, MS (Obs & Gyna.. Obstetrics and Gynae.. 17 Years Experience Jaipur-Lal kothi Dr. Varun J.. MBBS, DNB (Gen Surge.. General Surgery /Vas.. 15 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr Mohd Faizal .. MBBS,DNB,MRCS,DMaS,M.. Endocrinology.. 14 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Alok Pande.. MBBS, MS ( ORTHO ), .. Orthopedics.. 10 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. Heena Kudya.. MBBS, MS, DNB (Plast.. Plastic Surgery.. 15 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Dipak Desai.. MBBS, MS, DORL.. ENT, Head and Neck S.. 21 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. Henna.. MBBS, MD (Dermatolog.. Dermatology.. 1 Years Experience Greater Noida-NSG Chowk Dr. Amith P She.. MBBS, MS (Orthopaedi.. Orthopedics.. 15 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr A P Singh.. MBBS,DLO.. ENT, Head and Neck S.. 14 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Hemant Bhan.. MBBS, MS, MCH ( ORTH.. Orthopedics.. 15 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. V.J. Niranj.. MBBS, MS (ENT).. ENT, Head and Neck S.. 9 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr Sulthana Nas.. MBBS, MS, DNB, FMAS.. Obstetrics and Gynae.. 5 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Sandeep Kat.. DNB (Respiratory Med.. Pulmonology.. 7 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Raj Kamal J.. MBBS.. General Surgery .. 35 Years Experience Jaipur-Lal kothi Dr Shikha Bharg.. MBBS,MS.. Obstetrics and Gynae.. 18 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Our Doctors Apollo Spectra's centres of excellence encompass a vast array of surgical procedures, including some very unique and uncommon procedures that are performed exclusively at Apollo Spectra, in India. Select your City Bangalore Chennai Gurugram Delhi Gwalior Hyderabad Jaipur Kanpur Mumbai Pune Patna Greater Noida Amritsar Rewa Select Location Agam Kuan Alwarpet Ameerpet C Scheme Chembur Chirag Enclave Chunni Ganj Karol Bagh Kondapur Koramangala MRC Nagar NSG Chowk Paradise Circle Sadashiv Peth Sector 8 Sector 82 Tardeo Vikas Nagar Select Speciality Anesthesiology Bariatric Surgery Cardiology Cosmetic Surgery Critical Care Diet and Nutrition Dental and Maxillofacial Surgery Dermatology Endocrinology ENT, Head and Neck Surgery Gastroenterology General Surgery, Laparoscopy and Minimal Access Surgery Internal Medicine Interventional and Cardiothoracic Surgery Nephrology Neurology and Neuro Surgery Obstetrics and Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Paediatrics and Neonatology Paediatric Surgery Pain Management Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Plastic Surgery Psychiatry Psychology Pulmonology Radiology Reproductive Medicine Rheumatology Spine Management Urology Vascular Surgery Diabetologist General and Laparoscopic Surgeon Neurology Hematology ENT General Surgery General Surgery & Neurosurgery Breast Surgical Oncology Geriatric Medicine Urology & Andrology Consultant Head & Neck Cancer Surgeon Surgical Oncology Cosmetic Dentistry Orthopaedics and Trauma General Medicine Pulmonary Medicine & Critical Care Orthopaedic Surgeon Laparoscopic GI Oncology Bariatric and Minimally Access Surgery Foot and Ankle General & Laparoscopic Minimal Invasive Surgery Dr. Sanjiv Dang... MBBS, MS (ENT)... ENT, Head and Neck S.. 34 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Lohith U... MBBS, MS, DNB (Surg ... Gastroenterology.. 14 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Dasari Prasada R... MBBS,MS,M.Ch... Interventional and C.. 49 Years Experience Hyderabad-Ameerpet Dr. Rajeev Nangia... MBBS, MS (ENT)... ENT, Head and Neck S.. 29 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Sandeep Arora... MBBS, MD (Dermatolog... Dermatology.. 25 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Naveen Chandar R... MBBS,D'Ortho,DNB... Orthopaedics and Tra.. 10 Years Experience Hyderabad-Ameerpet Dr. Rakesh Kumar... MS (Ortho), M.Ch (Or... Orthopedics.. 14 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Kiran Macha... MBBS,Post Secondary ... Internal Medicine.. 10 Years Experience Hyderabad-Ameerpet Dr. Gaurav Khera... MBBS, Diploma in Ort... Orthopedics.. 20 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. P G Sundararaman... MBBS, MD, DM... Endocrinology.. 36 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. R. Raju... MBBS, MS, MCh (Urolo... Urology.. 12 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Ravi Shanker Dal... MBBS, MD, DM (Cardi... Cardiology.. 20 Years Experience Gwalior-Vikas Nagar Dr. Shivani Sabharwa... MBBS, MS... Obstetrics and Gynae.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Aparaajita Mundr... MBBS, MS (ENT), DNB... ENT.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Lingaraju A P... MBBS, MS... Orthopedics.. 16 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Nikunj Bansal... MBBS,MS,FNB... General Surgery, Lap.. 12 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr. Ashish Kumar Mis... MPT (Ortho)... Physiotherapy and Re.. 20 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Priyanka Singh... MBBS, MD... Psychiatry.. 8 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Minny Jain... MBBS, MD (Psychiatry... Psychiatry.. 9 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Dixit Kr. Thakur... MBBS, DNB, IDCCM, FS... Pulmonology/Critical.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Pallavi Garg... MBBS, MD (General Me... Gastroenterology.. 17 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. A S Prakash... MBBS, DSM (Gastro)... General Surgery, Lap.. 22 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. Sunandan Yadav... MBBS, MS, MCh (Urolo... Urology.. 6 Years Experience Jaipur-Lal kothi Dr. Pavan Chebbi... MBBS, MS,MCh... Orthopedics.. 20+ Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr. HItesh Dawar... MBBS, DNB (Ortho), M... Orthopedics.. 15 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Rita Mittal... MS ( OBG )... Obstetrics and Gynae.. 36 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr Awantika Singh... BDS, Fellowship in A... Dental and Maxillofa.. 10 Years Experience Greater Noida-NSG Chowk Dr. Sanjeev Kumar... MBBS,MS... ENT, Head and Neck S.. 34 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Mohd Shahid... MD ( Medicine ), DMR... Internal Medicine.. 17 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Vandheer Kunal... BDS, MDS... Dental and Maxillofa.. 11 Years Experience Greater Noida-NSG Chowk Dr. Sasikumar Muthu... MBBS, MS (Gen Surger... Plastic Surgery.. 13 Years Experience Chennai-Alwarpet Dr. Ali Sher... MBBS, MD (General Me... Internal Medicine.. 10 Years Experience Delhi-Karol Bagh Dr Dhalapathy Sadach... MBBS, MS, MCh... Endocrinology.. 18 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Almas Khan... MBBS, DNB ,FMAS... General Surgery, Lap.. 5 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. Waseem Ahmed... MBBS, PG Dip.Family ... Geriatric Medicine.. 8 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Pavitra Sharma... MBBS, MS (Obs & Gyna... Obstetrics and Gynae.. 17 Years Experience Jaipur-Lal kothi Dr. Varun J... MBBS, DNB (Gen Surge... General Surgery /Vas.. 15 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr Mohd Faizal Ayub... MBBS,DNB,MRCS,DMaS,M... Endocrinology.. 14 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Alok Pande... MBBS, MS ( ORTHO ), ... Orthopedics.. 10 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. Heena Kudyar... MBBS, MS, DNB (Plast... Plastic Surgery.. 15 Years Experience Delhi-Chirag Enclave Dr. Dipak Desai... MBBS, MS, DORL... ENT, Head and Neck S.. 21 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. Henna... MBBS, MD (Dermatolog... Dermatology.. 1 Years Experience Greater Noida-NSG Chowk Dr. Amith P Shetty... MBBS, MS (Orthopaedi... Orthopedics.. 15 Years Experience Bangalore-Koramangala Dr A P Singh... MBBS,DLO... ENT, Head and Neck S.. 14 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Hemant Bhandari... MBBS, MS, MCH ( ORTH... Orthopedics.. 15 Years Experience Mumbai-Tardeo Dr. V.J. Niranjana B... MBBS, MS (ENT)... ENT, Head and Neck S.. 9 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr Sulthana Naseema ... MBBS, MS, DNB, FMAS... Obstetrics and Gynae.. 5 Years Experience Chennai-MRC Nagar Dr. Sandeep Katiyar... DNB (Respiratory Med... Pulmonology.. 7 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Dr. Raj Kamal Jenaw... MBBS... General Surgery .. 35 Years Experience Jaipur-Lal kothi Dr Shikha Bhargava... MBBS,MS... Obstetrics and Gynae.. 18 Years Experience Kanpur-Chunni Ganj Our Patients Speaks Our Patients Speaks Yesterday my son had to undergo a surgery at the Apollo Spectra Kailash colony. His specialty doctor was Dr. Ameet Kishore, who is one of the excellent doctors I have ever come across. The experience that we had at Apollo Spectra was absolutely great. The rooms, corridors, and the washrooms Aaban Ahmad Khan ENT Cochlear implant My name is Aalahuddin and I was treated at the Apollo Spectra, Kailash Colony for the problem of kidney stone. I think I have never come across a doctor like Dr. R.L. Nayak in my life - he is extremely friendly and excellent at his job. He helped me understand the intricacies of the kidney problem t Aalahuddin Urology Kidney Stone causing the problems. The solution for this was a surgery and our doctor advised us to have the surgery in Apollo Spectra. We got my son admitted to Apollo Spectra on 2nd Jan 2018, early in the morning. The hospitality we experienced, the nurses, the staff, and even the food, everything was commend Aarush Gulat ENT Adenoids My name is Abbaz Razai and I am from Afghanistan. I learned about Apollo Spectra Hospital from Ubaid Solehi. I underwent a left varicocelectomy treatment at Apollo under Doctor Ashish Sabharwal. The staff, including doctors and nurses at Apollo, are great. However, I would suggest the hospital impro Abbaz Razai Urology Variocele I was admitted to the Apollo Spectra Hospital under the observation of Dr. LM Parashar, in order to undergo Septoplasty with Fess Surgery. In my experience at the Apollo Spectra Hospital, I found the residential doctor as well as the nursing staff to be very nice and friendly. The front office sta Abdul Rahman Khawasi ENT Sinus I was admitted to the Apollo Spectra Hospital for a surgery, to be performed by Dr. Saket Goel. I found Dr. Saket to be a very nice and trained doctor, who performed the surgery on me with great care and expertise. During my stay at the Apollo Spectra Hospital, I found the staff at the hospital to Abdul Raoof Zada General and Laproscopic Surgery Piles I, Abdul Rehman, am a resident of Afghanistan and am a patient of Dr LM Parashar. During my treatment at the hospital for FESS, I had a very nice experience during the whole duration of my stay here. The doctors, nursing staff, administrative staff and all other supporting staff at the Apollo Spectr Abdul Rehman ENT Sinus My name is Abhishek Rathore. I was diagnosed with gallbladder stones and got operated at the Apollo Spectra, Jaipur under the supervision of Dr Dinesh Jindal. The hospital staff is remarkably professional and cooperative - the tests conducted were speedy, and the wards were also clean and hygienic. Abhishek Rathore General and Laproscopic Surgery Gall Bladder stone We admitted my son, Aditya Gittani in the Apollo Spectra, Jaipur for his Appendectomy operation on the advice of Dr Dinesh Jindal. I felt extremely glad to have chosen the Apollo Spectra, seeing the thoroughly well natured and friendly staff. He was attended with such delicate care. And all of his a Aditya Gittani General and Laproscopic Surgery Adenoidectomy My family friend advised me to go to Dr. Nayeem at Apollo Spectra. I was told that the doctor was highly qualified and knowledgeable, which was absolutely true. When I came to Apollo Spectra, I was truly blown away. The ambiance and the cleanliness were top-notch. Everybody working here were compl Adnan Ibn Obaid ENT Tonsillectomy This was my second experience with the Apollo Spectra Hospital. I had previously visited the hospital for a surgery for my wife, during which I had a great experience. This prompted me to revisit the Apollo Spectra Hospital when my child and I needed treatment for a three year old ENT problem. We ha Ahmad Munir ENT Sinus I would like to thank the Apollo Spectra Hospital for the stellar experience provided to me during the course of my treatment here. I am very happy with the treatment provided to me under the observation of Dr. LM Parashar, who successfully performed my surgery. I found all the staff as well as th Ainullah Sahak ENT Thyroid Treatment My name is Ajay Srivastava and I am a resident of Tiwaripur, Jajmau. I was having several spine problems and consulted Dr Gaurav Gupta for the same. He suggested me to undergo a Conservative treatment of Spondylitis at Apollo Spectra Hospital. During my treatment, I did not experience any problems i Ajay Srivastava Orthopaedics Spondilitis I, Ali Ahmed, was admitted in the Apollo Spectra, Kailash Colony for a week. Right from the doctors to the nurses to the reception staff- everyone is exceptionally good at their jobs. The services provided at the hospital are of the highest degree. I appreciate the considerate supervision of Dr Sand Ali Ahmed General and Laproscopic Surgery Lapratomy surgery I am the patient Ali Khamees, I completed my surgery at Apollo Spectra hospital for my left eye& I am also done the surgery for right eye also in Apollo Spectra hospital.My surgery for both eyes are successful & all the staff & doctors are helpful.My experience is good in Apollo Hospital. Ali Khamees Opthalmology Cataract I was admitted to Apollo Spectra for my knee surgery, which was a complete success. Firstly, Dr. Anil Raheja is an exceptional doctor. He walked me through the entire process in a cool and collected manner. This helped put me at ease and made me feel comfortable, right from the beginning. The housek Aman Agarwal knee replacement surgery MPFL Knee This is my first time at Apollo Spectra. The room looked just as homelike, well kept. Even when there was no attendant, I never felt that I was alone. The services provided were excellent and the housekeeping staff was especially attentive. The food provided by the hospital was homely and was served Amar Singh Orthopaedics Others My mother was admitted to Apollo Spectra for a surgery under the care of Dr. Ashish Sabharwal. An excellent doctor that he is, the surgery went on smoothly. The front office team were very helpful and swift during the admission process. The staff members took excellent care of my mother. They provid Amenah Mohamoodsussein Al Khafaji Urology DJ Stenting My name is Amit Kumar. I am from New Delhi. It was good to be treated with professionalism and care and I would say that the doctor and all the other employees at the Apollo Spectra made me feel that I was in safe hands. A big thank you to all of them. I would definitely recommend it to my friends a Amit Kumar Urology PCNL I took my wife, Amreen Bano to Apollo Spectra, Jaipur for the treatment of gallbladder stones. She had been suffering from the problem for quite some time and at the behest of Dr Dinesh Jindal, we approached the hospital and decided to go forward with the surgery. Post the operation, my wife is in e Amreen Bano General and Laproscopic Surgery Gall Bladder stone I’m Amzid & my wife Rukhsana Begum was treated at the Apollo Spectra for the surgery of gallbladder stone. She was experiencing a lot of pain in her stomach. Having heard of the positive experiences from many people of my locality had there, Apollo Spectra became my first choice for treatment. Dr Amzid General and Laproscopic Surgery Gall Bladder stone I am Anad Mohammed Hamood and I come from the Sultanate of OMAN. I underwent a treatment for Left Varicocele at Apollo Spectra Hospital, Kailash colony, and was treated by Dr Vineet Malhotra. The Apollo Spectra is a great hospital with very helpful and compassionate staff. I am thoroughly satisfied Anad Mohammed Urology Variocele My name is Anil Waghmare and I underwent a treatment under Dr Shoaib Padaria at Apollo Spectra Hospital. The staff at Apollo including doctors, nurses, housekeeping as well as the security guards are all really good. The nurses and housekeeping people are very humble and take care of all your needs. Anil Waghmare Vascular Surgery Varicose Veins Hospital and staff are cooperative, supportive and service is good. Doctors are very good. I am happy with this hospital and the treatment they have given to me. Housekeeping staff is polite, cleaning is good, and the nursing staff is friendly and soft-spoken. Billing staff & operations staff is hig Anita General and Laproscopic Surgery Gall stones My name is Ankur Gupta and I am 40 years old. I work in a healthcare management company namely A&K Global health, as National Manager. I came to Apollo Spectra Hospital, Kailash colony for IND(Incision and Drainage) and Debridement of injury on Left hand. I was treated by Dr Praveen Sodhi- General S Ankur Gupta General and Laproscopic Surgery Others Dr. Parashar is one of the best doctors in our country. He is a gentleman who is completely down to earth. I personally feel that Apollo Spectra hospitals are a great initiative taken by the Apollo group to facilitate the patients across various places. The Apollo Spectra Karol Bagh is an excellent Annayah Negi ENT Tonsillectomy My name is Anvitha S. I was referred to the Apollo Spectra by Dr Gautam K. I am extremely satisfied with all the services offered here. Dr Gautam is helpful and supportive. The entire staff of the hospital is exceptional in their work. Really thankful to the doctors and the supporting staff. Thank y Anvitha Orthopaedics ORIF I had been admitted to the Apollo Spectra Hospital for treatment for Fess as well as for a Tonsillectomy. In my experience at the Apollo Spectra Hospital, the doctors here are very nice, helpful as well as patient. I had a very comfortable and relaxing stay here at the Apollo Spectra Hospital and Arsalan Hamidi ENT Sinus I consulted Dr. Ameet Kishore and came to Apollo Spectra. This is a very nice hospital and its staff is too good and friendly. We are happy to share our experience with you. I received world-class treatment at reasonable price. They treat the patient as a family member. I am happy with the housekeep ARSHEEDA ENT Tympanoplasty I am Arslan and I was suffering from Hemorrhoids, which caused me great discomfort over the time. I got treated for the same at Apollo Spectra Hospital, Kailash colony, and I feel great after the operation. The staff including the doctors and nurses are very welcoming. Thanks for your great service, Arslan General and Laproscopic Surgery Piles My name is Chetan A shah and we came to Apollo Spectra Hospital for the TKR treatment of my father, Mr Arvind. C. Shah. We are very thankful to Doctor Nilen Shah as this hospital was recommended to us by him. We are thoroughly satisfied with the efficient service and treatment provided by the staff Arvind Shah Orthopaedics Total Knee Replacement This is a fantastic hospital, from reception to treatment. I had my surgery. I was treated so well. All the hospital staff played a great part in looking after me during my operation. I thank you all very much especially, all the hospital staff (front office staff is very good). I was made to feel s Asadullah General and Laproscopic Surgery Gall stones We were recommended to the Apollo Spectra Hospital by our doctor, Dr. Abhishek Mishra. During the course of my treatment here at the Apollo Spectra Hospital, I found the nursing staff to be very supportive and polite. The helping staff at the hospital was also very cooperative and friendly. Asha Achtani Orthopaedics Carpal Tunnel My name is Harish Shukla and we came to Apollo Spectra Hospital, Kanpur for the treatment of my wife Mrs Asha Shukla, aged 65. As per my wife's ultrasound reports, she had developed fluid cysts. We thus approached Dr Rashmi Sahai and Dr Reeta Mittal, who advised a cyst removal surgery, after conduct Asha Shukla Gynaecology Cyst My father, Ashok Aggarwal, was admitted to Apollo Spectra for the surgery of fistula under the guidance of Dr Dinesh Jindal. We are very grateful that he did such a wonderful job. He is experienced and thorough in his knowledge. The staff provided the best assistance with the most friendly behaviour Ashok Aggarwal General and Laproscopic Surgery Fistula My name is Aman Goyal and I am from Narnaul, Haryana. I was treated for the problem of gallbladder stones at the Apollo Spectra Hospital. Dr Ritesh Mehta provided me with the complete support throughout the treatment. I was very satisfied with my experience there. The level of service and management Ashok Aggarwal General and Laproscopic Surgery Gall Bladder stone I was referred by my sister in law Dr. Aparna Mudrna and treated by Dr. Abhishek Jain. Dr. Abhishek treated me in the best way and provided every possible support that would help in a fast recovery. Umesh of the supporting staff made my stay feel like home. Even the nursing staff was also very co-op ASHUTOSH Orthopaedics Dislocation of left hip I am Asif Rehman and I underwent a treatment at Apollo Spectra Hospital, Kailash Colony, under Dr Abhay on 25th August 2017. The staff is great here, however, there's was a little delay in the discharge process. Other than that, everything's fine. Thanks Asif Rehman General and Laproscopic Surgery Others What a lovely place, polite from the front office to all the way through. I have been treated by Dr. Ruqiya Mir and thoroughly looked after. Special thanks to Dr. Ruqiya Mir and nursing staff of this hospital. Apollo Spectra is a very good hospital in Delhi NCR region as compared to any other small Atiqah ENT Lymphoma I am satisfied with the services of the hospital and staff. All the staff is helpful and Dr. Abhishek Mishra who referred me to Apollo Spectra and operated me was very helpful. Very clean and the nurses take good care. We will highly recommend your service and your hospital to our friends and relati Babita Orthopaedics B/C Total Knee Replacement We got my brother, Bashar, admitted in the Apollo Spectra, Kanpur after his fatal accident which rendered injuries to his head. He was treated in an ICU by Dr U. C. Sinha and Dr Amit Gupta. Presently, he is in much better state. The emergency and ICU treatments of Apollo Spectra are remarkable and w Bashar Internal Medicine RTA Apollo Spectra is a hospital that I would like to recommend to other international patients. We discussed my goitre with Dr. Ashish and was introduced to Dr. Parashar. Within two days, we had undergone all the tests that needed to be done before the operation such as blood test, ECG, scan, etc. The Beatrice Adebayo ENT Thyroidectomy My name is Bibhu Das and I was referred to Dr. Sreedhar Reddy by my friend. I had a Prostatectomy and Dr. Reddy was extremely helpful and understanding. I am extremely satisfied with the services. I have had a speedy recovery and experienced no complications. The staff is kind and helpful and the ro Bibhu Das Urology Prostectomy My name is Chunnilal Bhat and I am from Jammu and Kashmir. I was experiencing complications with the proper functioning of my kidneys for the past one year. This is when I decided to undergo a treatment and consulted Dr Anshuman Aggarwal regarding the same. He referred me to the Apollo Spectra Hospi Chunnilal Bhat Urology Cyst My son was treated at the Apollo Spectra Hospital, and I have had a very good experience here. The doctors at the hospital were very helpful. The nursing staff at the hospital took very good care of my son and proved to be very helpful. All the services at the hospital were very well organised and t Dad Mohamed General and Laproscopic Surgery Hernia After having visited several other hospitals and clinics, we are so glad that we landed at the Apollo Spectra Hospital. The doctors here at the Apollo Spectra Hospital are very educated and well trained. They provided us with excellent guidance and ensured that they performed proper follow ups and Darshan Saini General and Laproscopic Surgery Hernia I know Dr. R.L. Nayak for quite some time. I found some blood in my urine last week. I reported the same to Dr. Nayak. He called me here for an ultrasound on 7th Nov. 2017. The doctor who did my ultrasound was very nice and the staff behaviour was excellent. Dr. Nayak is so humble and friendly. Thou Deepak Urology Transurethral Resection of Bladder My name is Deepak Uppal and I am a resident of West Patel Nagar, Delhi. We came to know about Apollo Spectra Hospital through Dr L.M Parashar. I came to this hospital for my nose surgery, and I can say without a hint of doubt, that I made the right choice. I have been to a number of hospitals before Deepak Uppal ENT Septoplasty During the course of my surgery and treatment for thyroid tumour at the Apollo Spectra Hospital, I was given highly expert care and treatment. My first impression of the Apollo Spectra Hospital was pretty good and I am happy to say that my subsequent experience at the hospital did not let me down. Deepika ENT Tumor My name is Devinder Singh and I came to know about Apollo Spectra Hospital through Dr Naveen. I received a nose treatment here and was taken aback by the wonderful services rendered by the hospital. The doctors and nurses here are all well-behaved and courteous. I would surely recommend Apollo Spect Devinder Singh ENT Septoplasty Our Blogs Our Blogs GENERAL Eyelid Surgery Blepharoplasty, more often known as eyelid surgery, r GENERAL Breast Augmentation Increasing the size and altering the contour of a woman's breasts GENERAL 10 Tips for Keeping Your Bladder Healthy People rarely talk about bladder health, but eve View More About Apollo Spectra As a specialty hospital, Apollo Spectra offers expert and quality healthcare with all the benefits of a large hospital but in a friendlier, more accessible facility. This is what makes us unique. With 17 centers across 12 cities – Bengaluru, Chennai, Delhi, Gurugram, Gwalior, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kanpur, Mumbai, Noida, Patna, and Pune, over 2,50,000+ successful surgeries with excellent clinical outcomes, and over 2,300+ leading doctors, Apollo Spectra Hospitals continue to set new standards in healthcare services.. Read More.. Complete Assistance From Your Entry to Exit Cutting Edge Technology Personalised Care Specialist in Minimally Invasive Surgery Our Top Specialities Bariatrics Breast Health ENT General Medicine General Surgery & Gastroenterology Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Pain Management Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Plastic and Cosmetic Surgery Urgent Care Urology Vascular Surgery Our Cities Amritsar Bangalore Chennai Delhi Greater Noida Gurugram Gwalior Hyderabad Jaipur Kanpur Mumbai Patna Pune Rewa SPECIALITIES Bariatrics Breast Health ENT General Medicine General Surgery & Gastroenterology Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Pain Management Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Plastic and Cosmetic Surgery Urgent Care Urology Vascular Surgery FOR MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS Be a part of Apollo Spectra NOTICE BOARD Knee Implant pricing CONTACT US Feedback QUICK LINKS Personal Health Record (PHR) Health Checkups TPAs & Insurance Patient Education Doctors By City Doctors By Location ABOUT US About Us About Apollo Group Our Chairman Management Team News & Media Blog Contact Us FOLLOW US ON Copyright @ 2024, Apollo Specialty Hospitals Pvt Ltd, All Rights Reserved Careers FAQs Privacy Policy Sitemap * Disclaimer- The images shown are of actors and not actual patients. Images shown are for visual representation only. SPECIALITIES Bariatrics Breast Health ENT General Medicine General Surgery & Gastroenterology Gynecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Pain Management Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Plastic and Cosmetic Surgery Urgent Care Urology Vascular Surgery FOR MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS Be a part of Apollo Spectra NOTICE BOARD Knee Implant pricing CONTACT US Feedback NOTICE BOARD Knee Implant pricing CONTACT US Feedback QUICK LINKS Personal Health Record (PHR) Health Checkups TPAs & Insurance Patient Education Advertise With Us Doctors By City And Speciality Doctors By Location And Speciality ABOUT US About Apollo Group Our Chairman Management Team News & Media Blog Copyright @ 2024, Apollo Specialty Hospitals Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved Appointment Call US WhatsApp Locations All Cities Amritsar Bangalore Chennai Delhi Greater Noida Gurugram Gwalior Hyderabad Jaipur Kanpur Mumbai Patna Pune Rewa Popular Cities Bangalore Chennai Delhi Gurugram Hyderabad Jaipur Mumbai Pune Patna Book an Appointment Select Gender Male Female Select City Select Clinic Select Speciality Select Doctor Select Slot Loading Available Slots... Select Mode Physical Consult Tele Consult Submit Request a Call Generate OTP Verify OTP Thank you Book Appointment