MICI - Migration and Investment Consulting International Group 310 860 6283 Toggle navigation Home About Us Our Team Migration US Migration UK Migration Canada Migration Business Investments Buying a Business Franchise Setting Up a New Business Business Consultancy Legal Advice EB5 L1 Visa EB1 E2 Contact Us Helping with all your relocation and immigration needs to the USA, Canada and the UK USA Migration Access to employment opportunities, opportunities that respect the rights of workers. READ MORE UK Migration The United Kingdom is an exciting yet safe place to be if you choose to study, work or even settle. READ MORE Canada Migration No sign of discrimination and much more, Opportunities for those who strive READ MORE Business Consultancy & Investments We are here to help you with your non-regulated investment needs. READ MORE About Us Migration Investment and Consulting International Group (MICI) is a United States based company with offices in the US, United Kingdom, Canada and China. In recent years, Global Management & Consulting, LLC has evolved to a platform to assist business owners and investors around the globe in finding the best investment opportunities across borders. We provide services in Mergers & Acquisitions, Buying/Selling businesses, Franchise Development and Sales Over the time, we found large portion of our clients need services in immigrations with the move of their investment and assets . We now build a whole new platform to be a central location to provide all the services listed above. Read More Our Team We work with experienced: Business and Management Consultants Franchise Consultants Business brokers Attorneys and Lawyers In the United States, we focus on assisting clients who needs E2 Visa, L1 Visas, EB2 Visa, EB5 green card applications and much more. In the United Kingdom, our focus is on Tier 1 Entrepreneurs visa, Tier 1 Investor visas, Tier 2 businesses, needing business plans and human resources plans and general UK investors . In Canada, we assist business immigrants requiring Start-up visa and Self-employed persons. Contact Us The first step in working with our experienced teams is to complete our contact form below: Where would like to go USA UK Canada SUBMIT © Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.