greenhills greenhills Home About us Services Projects Color Shades Contact Us Reception Counter Kitchen Tops Vanity Tops Column Cladding Transforming Your Vision into Reality We specialize in creating custom kitchen Tops, vanity tops, and reception counters,column cladding that are tailored to your specific style and preferences. Portfolio We truly care about the client's vision and work closely with us to ensure the final product is exceptional. The craftsmanship and attention to detail is impressive. - MOIDEEN Trusted By 200 +Partner About GREEN HILLS No.1 leading fabricators of Solid Surface material In UAE Green Hills is one of the best Acrylic Solid Surface Fabricators in UAE. Since, its establishment in 2007, it has been providing reliable, cost-effective, and user-satisfactory services in Fitouts and Interiors industry. Apart from that, it always been the most preferred providers of Vanity Tops, Column Cladding, Ceiling Work, Sign Boards, Kitchen Tops,Service Counter and Reception Counter Modern DesignGreen Hills is known for their modern and contemporary designs are aesthetically pleasing Affordable PriceGreen Hills offers competitive pricing without sacrificing quality. About Green Hills Why Choose Solid Surface Unlike natural marble & granite, Solid Surface key characteristics are non-porous, hygienic, stain resistant, seamless joints, translucent, repairable and thermoformable with innovative designs. Green Hills solid surface sheets and sinks are uniform, nonporous and hygienic which will protect liquids to penetrate and makes it easy to clean stains. Bacteria, mold, viruses have nowhere to take root unlike natural stone and other materials Acrylic solid surfaces are available in a wide range of colors and patterns, which means there is no limit to the design possibilities. Acrylic solid surfaces are highly durable and resistant to scratches, chips, and cracks.. Acrylic solid surfaces can be seamlessly integrated with sinks to create a sleek and modern look. Acrylic solid surfaces are renewable, which means they can be repaired and refinished if they become damaged or worn over time. Acrylic solid surfaces can be thermoformed, which means they can be molded into virtually any shape or design Acrylic solid surfaces are highly resistant to stains and spills, which makes them a great choice for high-traffic areas . The seamless finish also makes the surface easier to clean, as there are no gaps or joints for dirt and grime to accumulate. Acrylic solid surfaces , they can be seamlessly integrated into the countertop to create a cohesive, water-resistant surface. Acrylic solid surfaces can be manufactured in a range of colors and finishes, including translucent options that allow light to pass through . Products Kitchen Tops . Vanity Tops . wall & Column Claddings Sinks & basins. Kiosks CNC Works Elevator Floorings Shower Tray Counter Tops Customized Products Reception Counter sign boards Our Process Easy StepsTo Get Your Solution 01 Consultation We listen carefully to the client's vision and provide guidance on design and material options. 02 Ideation We use the latest design software and techniques to provide detailed renderings of the final product. 03 Fabrication Once the design is approved, Green Hills begins the fabrication process. 04 Installation Green Hills handles every aspect of the installation process, including transportation and on-site installation Contact Us We Create Your Space Better We appreciate your business and guarantee a response within 24 Business Hours which would include our Packages and Pricing. Office Location Industrial Area -13, P.O Box: 72641 Sharjah, UAE Drop Us a Line info@greenhillsuae.com Call for Consultation +971 6 539 2279 +971 501 736 595 +971 556 114 409 Testimonials What Our Clients Say About Green Hills 0 + customers rated our support  5/5 Average rating 5 / 5 I recently started collaborating with Mr Moideen and Green Hills and I am so impressed with his knowledge, professionalism and timely delivery. Looking forward to a long association with him and look forward to reccommend him forward. Mrs. Ankita Rao Insomniacs chapter I was blown away by Green Hills' commitment to delivering projects on time and within budget. Their skilled craftsmanship and attention to detail were evident in every aspect of the project, from the initial consultation to the final installation. I would highly recommend Green Hills for anyone in need of interior design or fabrication services Mariam sharjah Green Hills provided exceptional service and guidance throughout the entire process. Their team of experts is knowledgeable and skilled, and they were able to provide creative solutions to design challenges. I am thrilled with the final product and would highly recommend Green Hills to anyone looking for high-quality design and fabrication services Liya Pickett Entrepreneur Green Hills is a top-notch company in the design and fabrication industry. They were able to work within my budget and provide innovative solutions to design challenges. I highly recommend them for anyone looking for personalized service and quality craftsmanship. Adam Kruger Entrepreneur Have A Question ? Start Consultation Now Our Team Will be Always eager to Help You Contact Us Green Hills is one of the best Acrylic Solid Surface Fabricators companies in UAE. Since, its establishment in 2007, it has been providing reliable, cost-effective, and user-satisfactory services in Fitouts and Interiors industry Facebook-f Tiktok Instagram Linkedin-in Powered By Digitz Technologies © 2023 Download Our Brochure Download Other Pages Home About Us Services Contact Contact Details Industrial Area -13, P.O Box: 72641 Sharjha, UAE info@greenhillsuae.com +971 6 539 2279 +971 501 736 595 WhatsApp us