AL Ihshan English medium School, Vengara - Home principalalihsanvga@gmail.com 0494 2450470,+91 7902 666 786 Online Login True Caller TC Verification Home (current) About Us Mission Vision Motto Principal Desk Words of founder Mandatory Disclosure Al Ihsan English School Facilities Kids Park Campus Library Masjid Canteen Store Digital Class Rooms Laboratory Computer Lab Conveyance True Caller Admission General Information UP Section HSS Section HS Section LP Section KG Section Mandatory Disclosure Mandatory Disclosure School Governing Body Festivals Special Programme Arts Sports Alumni Circulars Circulars- 2022 Results RESULT 2023 NCES SCHOLARSHIP EXAM RESULTS TC Download TC Form TC For Abroad Gallery Download Contact us Pay Online Now! The model exam up to 8th class will start on February 19. The model exam for class 9 will start on February 5. The model-1 exam for class 10 will start from January 29. The school admissions for the academic year 2024–25 are now closed. Test series-2 for class 10th students will be held from 17th to 22nd January. News & Events INDOOR PLAYGROUND Red Day AL IHSAN ENGLISH SCHOOL managed by the AL IHSAN CHARITABLE SOCIETY started in 1992.is approved by the Central Board of Secondary Education ,New Delhi (Aff.No.930387) and has classes from LKG to X.The institution is situated in an enchanting site having serene ,calm and quite atmosphere at AL –ihsan Nager.vengara,at adistance of 1 km from vengara town.The school functions in three blocks of buildings.Excellent modern education ,in the pattern of CBSE Syllabus is imparted.Two high tech computer lab and 22 digital class rooms foster the need of modern information technology,well equipped laboratory,good library with books of aa categories and a large play ground are provided.The medium of instruction and as well as communication in the school is English.The school aims at the holistic development of the personality of children in an atmosphere of religious culture and tradition. Our Vision To Build and Maintain a Learning Community That Produces Leaders Through Faith, Knowledge and Inspiration. View More Our Mission To Provide a High Quality Education in a Moral Environment, Thus Enabling Our Students to Achieve Academic Excellence, Leadership and Humanity. View More Our Motto Believe respect and learn better View More Features & Facilities Computer Lab Conveyance Kids Park Campus Library Masjid Canteen Store Digital Class Rooms Photo Gallery Principal's Message Founder's Message What our Principal has to say! Education in its purest form is perhaps an eternal quest for perfection. The ultimate aim of every educational endeavour is to stimulate the human mind towards conquering newer dimensions of thinking and learning. At Al Ihsan, this process is zealously pursued and the 22 years of journey bear testimony to that. Over 22 years of evolution, the organization has steadfastly held on to the tenet of imparting education with a modern vision. The needs of changing times have necessitated corresponding changes in the academic delivery systems and pedagogy and we have adapted and customized ourselves to provide a learning environment conducive to accommodate these needs.. Today, the role of a school is not only to pursue academic excellence but also to motivate and empower its students to be lifelong learners, critical thinkers, and productive members of an ever-changing global society. A school must try to provide its students with an atmosphere for holistic development. This can be possible only in a friendly, student centric environment. View More What our Founder has to say! AL IHSAN ENGLISH SCHOOL is a prestegious Educational institution in Kerala, India. It is playing a key-role for the renaissance of backward community.The physical and financial help of the generous community helped Al Ihsan to secure the prominent place among the best educational Institutions. Still we have to achieve many to our community, hence I request to pray for success of Al Ihsan group of Institutions. View More Al Ihsan English School An Esteemed Educational Institution in Kerala Take a tour! Our Milestones . . . . . . . . ALUMNI " Al Ihsan is an institute which focuses on the overall development of its students, making them good human beings who are capable of supporting their families, the society and the nation. Proud of being a Ihsanians... Dr. JASIR BDS " Al Ihsan is an institute which focuses on the overall development of its students, making them good human beings who are capable of supporting their families, the society and the nation. Proud of being a Ihsanians... Dr. JUNAID N Veterinary Doctor, PhD in Poultry Science " Al Ihsan is an institute which focuses on the overall development of its students, making them good human beings who are capable of supporting their families, the society and the nation. Proud of being a Ihsanians... DR.AFREENA BEERANMBBS,DGO " Al Ihsan is an institute which focuses on the overall development of its students, making them good human beings who are capable of supporting their families, the society and the nation. Proud of being a Ihsanians... Dr RANIYA SAMAD MBBS, MD Dermatology AL IHSAN ENGLISH SCHOOL managed by the AL IHSAN CHARITABLE SOCIETY started in 1992.is approved by the Central Board of Secondary Education ,New Delhi (Aff.No.930387) and has classes from LKG to X.The institution is situated in an enchanting site having serene ,calm and quite atmosphere at AL –ihsan Nager.vengara,at adistance of 1 km from vengara town. Quick Links Home Downloads Gallery Contact us Admission Quick Contact Address AL IHSAN ENGLISH SCHOOL ,VENGARA, OK MURI (POST), MALAPPURAM, KERALA, 676519 Email Address principalalihsanvga@gmail.com Phone Numbers 0494 2450470 +91 7902 666 786 Timings Mon - Fri 9:30-15:00 Satur 10:00-12:00 Sunday - Closed Copyright © 2024 AL Ihshan English medium School, Vengara. All right reserved. Designed by GJ Infotech (P) Ltd