Home - Land Energy Ltd. Follow Us — Yt. Be. Tk. Skip to content Home About_Us Certifications Products Straw Pellet Wood Pellets Wood Briquettes Firewood Technology Logistics Contact_Us Home About_Us Certifications Products Straw Pellet Wood Pellets Wood Briquettes Firewood Technology Logistics Contact_Us Copyright 2006 - 2023 © LAND ENERGY LTDAll right reserved. Land Energy Girvan Ltd Mail info@landenergylimited.com Contact Us PELLET MANUFACTURERS SINCE 2007 The constant attention to the evolution of the market and the growing need for an ecological product for domestic heating led the UK-based company Biodela Pakalnes to start the first production of pellets in 2007.The ability to respond promptly to the needs of market supply translates into timely delivery of orders, even in periods of high consumption. Wood Pellets Ruf Briquettes Straw Pellets Firewood RAW MATERIALECO-SUSTAINABILITYANDCERTIFICATIONSWe produce pellets exclusively with raw materials deriving from agricultural and forest crops and processing by-products of the virgin wood industry, without the addition of additives. Learn more OUR TECHNOLOGY AND PRODUCTIONThe continuous improvement of the production structure, professionally trained staff and constant quality controls have the aim of guaranteeing high standards of production and product quality. Learn more WE DELIVER OURPRODUCTSWORLDWIDEOwned vehicles and partnerships with the most established logistics companies at national level allow the company to promptly supply both the small retailer and the most important realities of the large-scale retail trade. Learn more Land EnergyGirvan Ltd,19 Ladywell AvenueGrangestone Industrial EstateGirvanUnited Kingdom Tel: +44 7438 505924E-mail: info@landenergylimited.com Useful PagesHome About Us Certifications Technology Logistics Legal AffairsCookie Policy (EU) Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Contact Us Our ProductsFirewood Straw Pellets Wood Briquettes Wood Pellets Copyright 2006 - 2023 © LAND ENERGY LTD All right reserved. Search for Category Firewood Straw Pellets Wood Briquettes Wood Pellets Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent