Maruthi Casting Home About Us Process Sand Plant Moulding Pattern Shop Core Shop Metallurigical Melting Products Quality Contact Us 099948 86858 maruthicasting@gmail.com Follow : Grey & SG Iron Casting Manufacturer & Supplier Maruthi Casting is one of the leading manufacturers of Grey Iron & S.G Iron Casting. See Products Grey Iron Casting Gray iron is one of the most popular material in the industry. At Maruthi Casting, we deal with gray iron every day. See Products SG Iron Casting SG iron casting is an interesting alternative to gray iron. With Maruthi Casting at the helm, you’ll get the exact results you want. See Products Maruthi 8 Years Experience Expert in Casting about us Established in the year 2015. Maruthi Casting is one of the leading manufacturers of Grey Iron & S.G Iron Casting. Our casting can be used in wide range of diversified industry including Automobile, Agriculture, Hydraulics, Pumps, Motors and in General engineering industries. Read More Our Product We work Together to Make a Difference Product Process SAND PLANT Mechanized sand plant with the following facilities is in use to import good surface finish and dimensional accuracy 300 kg intensive mixers — 2 Nos. Correct quantity of return sand, additives and cycle time are controlled by PLC Prepared sand compatibility is maintained between 39 to 43 bymeasuring return sand temperature and adjusting water addition. MOULDING For hand-moulding, CO2 process is used. The maximum size is 1300x13000x300mm The moulding department is facilitated with ARPA - 300-2 pair ARPA - 200- I pair Molding is the process of manufacturing by shaping liquid or pliable raw material using a rigid frame called a mold or matrix.This itself may have been made using a pattern or model PATTERN SHOP Patterns are made as per the measurements of customer drawings by outsourcing. Pattern Minor Reworks done at Inhouse Only A pattern is a copy of the object to be cast and prepares the cavity into which molten material will be poured during the casting process. They will repeatedly provide a dimensionally acceptable casting. CORE SHOP 5kgs capacity cold box core shooter machine-9Nos Core Sand Mixer 1) 100kg Sand Mixer -4Nos 2) 50kg Sand Mixer -2Nos CO2 & air setting oil process are undertaken METALLURIGICAL C.E meter is used (Suyash make) on the platform Bruker Q2 ION make table top spectro meter is used to check 19 elements before pouring for various grades Binacular inverted microscope with attached image analyser is used to check the micro structure. Immersion pyrometer is used to check the metal temperature (suyash make). MELTING Induction Furnace: 650 HZ 1300 KW dual track plus medium frequency induction furnace. 2 Nos 1Ton crucibles are in operation Fume extraction system employed connected with venturi scrubber Liquid metal is handled by ladle handler (300 kg T spout ladles). The metal is transferred to moulds using mono rail systems TESTING Physical Testing 40 T digital display type U.T.M is used to check tensile strength of various grades with Computerized. 3000 kg capacity brinnel hardness tester is employed to ensure the surface hardness. Poldi hardness test used to ensure the surface hardness for hand molding casting. Read More FINISHING 500 kg capacity of cabin type close loop, spin hook hanger type with 2no blasting machine is in operation. 300 kg single blast wheel endless belt thumb blast machine is used to clean the castings. 13 sets of pedestal grinders with 400/50 wheels are used for grinding. AG 7-disc wheels and pencil grinders are used to finish the casting to remove burns AG 4-mount point machine to be use Common dust collector employed to suck the dust generated during grinding Industries Served Automobile Agriculture Hydraulics Pump Motors General engineering industries. Customers Our Major customers