Bartending School NYC | American Bartenders School Skip to content New York Bartending School New York Bartending School Menu and widgets COURSE INFO LOCATIONS FAQ JOBS JOB PLACEMENT JOB BOARD BLOG DRINK RECIPES Recipes Liquor Dictionary Wine Dictionary Bartending Terms Bar Glasses Bar Equipment CONTACT US Our 40-hour full-certification courses tend to fill up quickly. To fast-track your application acceptance call or text us directly: (917) 746-0411 As seen in: Contact Us Name* First Last Phone*Email* NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Our 40-hour full-certification courses tend to fill up quickly. To fast-track your application acceptance call or text us directly: (917) 746-0411 Contact Us Name* First Last Phone*Email* EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Connect with us Connect With Us New York’s Bartending School Earn $300/Night Bartending Full or Part-time… Good bartenders are always in high demand! Our highly-rated, full certification, quick-start bartending training course, taught by exceptional NYC bartenders and mixologists, is designed to fully prepare you to get a bartending job and start making money immediately. Upon completion of the course, we’ll help you apply for several of the great bartending jobs, available on our private job board, at top NY bars, clubs, restaurants, and hotels, and show you how to avoid the bad ones. Our classes have limited seating, contact us to find the next available. Click Here to RESERVE a SEAT in our next class NOW. You can also call or text us now: (917) 746-0411. Top five reasons American Bartenders School is the best school in New York to help you find a job! ESTABLISHED American Bartenders School is the nation’s largest and most established bartending school. Since we have been training bartenders and placing our grads in bartending jobs since 1969 American Bartenders School has developed direct relationships with thousands of bars, clubs, restaurants, hotels in the greater NYC area. These direct relationships give us a unique advantage, the ability to offer you the best bartending job opportunities. CONNECTED American Bartenders School has relationships with thousands of bars and establishments nationwide. Our vast network ensures that American Bartenders School graduates have the most job opportunities compared to graduates of other bartending schools. COMMITTED Graduates of American Bartenders School can enjoy our free, lifetime, job placement service forever, no matter where they go. Our database regularly contains hundreds of job leads and is updated daily. In addition, graduates can come back at any time for free refresher courses. LICENSED American Bartenders School is licensed by the State Education Department and accredited by the Better Business Bureau. In addition to receiving a certification of completion, graduates will walk out the door with the alcohol awareness training, which is necessary to work at many bars across the nation. AUTHENTIC American Bartenders School classrooms are set up like real bars. This ensures that graduates know where things are and how to find them when they start work after graduating. In addition, our teachers have all worked, or continue working at busy bars, and will teach you the tricks of the trade you need to know to hit the ground running after graduation. READY TO START YOUR BARTENDING CAREER OFF RIGHT? American Bartenders School offers a 40-hour full-certification course which takes approximately 2-weeks to complete. Students can opt for morning, afternoon, or evening classes, whichever best suits their schedule. Further, all graduates have lifetime access to our job placement team, who will assist you to find great bartending jobs. Our bartending classes fill up quickly, click here to enroll now and guaranty your spot in our next class. Get More Info! Name* First Last Phone*Email* CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Leave a ReplyYou must be logged in to post a comment. Proudly powered by WordPress