CENTRE FOR LANGUAGE IMMERSION AND TRANSLATION (C LIT) Home About Unit Programs Staff Contact Kwara State University Centre For Language Immersion and Translation (C LIT) Get Started Kwara State University Centre For Language Immersion and Translation (C LIT) Get Started Kwara State University Centre For Language Immersion and Translation (C LIT) Get Started About Our Center MISSION STATEMENT VISION: To be the hub for the acquisition of communication competence through language proficiency programmes and translation services Kwara State University’s Centre for Language Immersion and Translation, C-LIT, was established in 2022. It was one of the Centres recommended for establishment by the 2022 Strategic Plan document. The Centre facilitates the acquisition of language proficiency and translation services to both foreign and local students, researchers and persons desirous of learning international and local languages and in need of translation services. DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to Kwara State University’s Centre for Language Immersion and Translation C-LIT. Here, we equip our students with the needed language skills to make them active players in the globalised world of the 21st century. Dr. Saeedat Bolajoko Aliyu Units Language Immersion unit Translation Unit PROGRAMS PROGRAMS WE OFFER English language immersion programmes for non-English language speakers; Certification of language proficiency of non-English speaking students before the commencement of any of the degree programmes in Kwara State University; Advanced English Language proficiency programmes for second-language speakers of English; French language immersion programmes for non-French language speakers; Certification of language proficiency of non-French speaking students before the commencement of B.A. French degree programme at Kwara State University; Arabic language immersion programmes for non-Arabic language speakers; Certification of language proficiency of non-Arabic speaking students before the commencement of B.A. Arabic degree programme at Kwara State University; Programmes for the acquisition of other languages spoken in Nigeria such as Yoruba, Hausa, and Igbo; and, Translation of documents, manuscripts, abstracts and books. OUR STAFF Dr. Saeedat Bolajoko Aliyu Director Centre For Language Immersion And Translation Email: saeedat.aliyu@kwasu.edu.ng Google Scholar link: Dr. Saeedat Citations Dr. Abdulrahman Burour Ibrahim Deputy Director (Language Immersion) Email: abdulrahman.ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng Google Scholar link: Dr. Abdulrahman Citations Dr. Tajudeen Yusuf Assistant Director, Translation Email:tajudeen.yusuf@kwasu.edu.ng Google Scholar link: Dr. Tajudeen Citations Dr. Ahmad Abdullahi Maisalati Lecturer II Email:ahmad.abdullahi@kwasu.edu.ng Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Centre for Language Immersion and Translation, Humanities Drive way, Kwara State University, Malete. Email: clit@kwasu.edu.ng Director Dr. Saeedat Bolajoko Aliyu Email: saeedat.aliyu@kwasu.edu.ng Deputy Director Dr. Abdulrahman Burour Ibrahim Email: abdulrahman.ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Romawibet Rajavigor Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/