Akshaya Construction | Home Home About Us Services Contact Us Enquire Now Akshaya construction Where state of art technologies meet the brilliance of handpicked talents and visionaries Contact Us Akshaya construction Where state of art technologies meet the brilliance of handpicked talents and visionaries Contact Us Akshaya construction Where state of art technologies meet the brilliance of handpicked talents and visionaries Contact Us About us We create a unique experience of comfort and satisfaction Akshaya Constructions is where the state of the art technologies meet the brilliance of handpicked talents and visionaries. Together, we create a unique experience of comfort, satisfaction, and awe for our customers, through the fulfilment of their dreams We plan to sour higher and higher by constantly updating our knowledge of the newest trends, technologies, and aesthetics because the roots of our experiences go as deep as the year 1990. We incorporate this knowledge into every project we work on, which enables us to complete them on schedule and ensures that our monuments will stand for a long period. We have consistently prioritised the needs of our customers above all else for more than 33 years. We have an image that is as solid as our accomplishments in construction due to this special combination of experience, workmanship and dedication. Discover more scroll to explore Art of Creation Home crafted with your dreams All Residential Individual villas & Farm House Commercial Establishments Site development works Multi storey Apartments Swimming Pools Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project Akshaya Homes View Project services We can design and construct anything you can imagine Our ability to think creatively outside the box to provide our clients with construction-related solutions is one distinctive feature of Akshaya Constructions that sets us apart from our rivals. Civil Works Incorporating vastu Structural design Electrical works Plumbing works Furnishing works Structural Glazing Interior works 1 WHY US? Akshaya Construction is committed 1 1 To 100% Price Protection Best Customer Service Unparalleled Experience Immediate Response toClients' Needs Perfection In Quality of Project Lawful and EthicalApproach 1 Due to the outstanding character and integrity displayed by our staff in all of our initiatives on occasion, Akshaya Construction feels respectable. They represent the pinnacle of our greatness. We believe in a Lawful and Ethical approach in every one of our projects. contact us Get in touch with us +91 94437 32237, +91 99407 74228 akshayaconstruction.cbe@gmail.com #332, 1st floor, opposite Mayflower Apartment,Near GCT, Coimbatore - 641013 Client Testimonials Renovating a 50-year-old house is quite a challenge, but the Akshaya construction team handled it well. They did the job quickly, and the final result was even better than we expected. After working with four different contractors over four years and three renovations later, we can confidently say that Akshaya Construction is the best team we've ever had.... What makes them stand out is that the management personally oversaw everything, making sure the work went smoothly. They regularly checked the site to ensure quality, and the skilled workers did an excellent job, showing their talent and craftsmanship. Despite the challenges of renovating an older house, the team adapted well and efficiently to solve any issues that came up. In conclusion, I highly recommend Akshaya Construction to anyone looking for reliable and skilled professionals. Read more Gautam Virgo Consulting Akshaya Construction was our contractor for the renovation of our factory in Neelikonampalayam. We were very satisfied with their professionalism, quality of work, and timely delivery. They provided us with transparent and competitive quotes, obtained all the necessary approvals, and communicated with us throughout the project. ... They also accommodated our specific needs and worked around our restrictions with minimal disturbance to our operations. They even worked on weekends and after hours to complete the work ahead of schedule. We are very pleased with the outcome and would highly recommend Akshaya Construction to anyone looking for a reliable and efficient construction company. Read more Power pumps Akshaya Constructions is where the state of the art technologies meet the brilliance of handpicked talents and visionaries Social Media Quick Link Home About Us Services Contact Us Projects Residential Individual villas & farm house Commercial Establishments Site development works Multi storey Apartments Swimming Pools SERVICES Civil works incorporating vastu Structural design Electrical works Plumbing works Furnishing works Structural Glazing Interior work Copyright © Akshaya Construction. All Right Reserved. Design by Blazon