DurgaWati Institute Home About Why Us Mission of the Institute Vision of the Institute Director Message Career Opportunity Course Result The Placements Contact Us About Us Durgawati Devi Institute of Management (Estd. 1993) is one of the Top Ranking Institute in the field of Engineering and management offering a wide array of undergraduate and postgraduate courses. Let’s Talk Contact Information +91 8377057617 info@ddim.in 129, Krishna Nagar, Shahjahanpur, UP 242201 Welcome to DurgaWati Institute Your Future DurgaWati Institute Welcome to DurgaWati Institute Expert Instruction Find the right instructor for you Premium Support +91 8377057617 Well Experienced 29 years of experience Welcome To Durgawati Devi Institute Durgawati Devi Institute of Management, A global pool of talented students, committed faculty and conscientious researchers Responsive to real-world problems and, through a synergy of education and research, engineer a better society Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Alumni & Giving Undergraduate International Hubs Global Students Statement OUR MISSION Imparting total quality education to develop innovative, entrepreneurial and ethical future professionals fit for globally competitive environment. Allowing stake holders to share our reservoir of experience in education and knowledge for mutual enrichment in the field of technical education. Fostering product oriented research for establishing a self-sustaining and wealth creating centre to serve the societal needs. Our Vision "Towards a Global Knowledge Hub, striving continuously in pursuit of excellence in Education, Research, Entrepreneurship and Technological services to the society" Our Education Programs Durgawati Devi Institute of Management is one of the fastest and emerging institute in the field of engineering and management education. Our Popular Courses Computer Programme Engineering Programme Management Programme List of Specializations Do you have any questions? How can we help you? Because many people love our free consultation More on admission Durgawati Devi Institute of Management (Estd. 1993) is one of the Top Ranking Institute in the field of Engineering and management offering a wide array of undergraduate and postgraduate courses. info@ddim.in +91 8377057617 Useful Links About Career Opportunity Course Student Result University Contact Us Reach Out To Us At 129, Krishna Nagar, Shahjahanpur, UP 242201 info@ddim.in +91 8377057617 © DurgaWati Institute