Hi, I'm Kim Hi, I'm Kimberly Wijaya Software developer, UI/UX enthusiast, and (almost always) the most excited person in the room. Download Resume name Kimberly Wijaya Hometown Surabaya, Indonesia Education Stanford University Degrees B.S. and M.S. Computer Science Current Employer Sirona Medical Role Senior Software Engineer Email kimcwijaya at gmail dot com Location San Francisco, CA Interests Skincare, Makeup, Gaming, Dogs My passion lies in bridging the gap between developing and developed nations through technology. I was born in Surabaya, Indonesia but was raised by parents from different backgrounds with college degrees from the United States. As a result, I was constantly confronted with the disparity in healthcare, resources, and technology between developing and developed nations - which in turn led to a profound passion for bridging this inequality. I received my B.S. and M.S. in Computer Science at Stanford University with a concentration in Human-Computer Interaction and Artificial Intelligence. At Meta, I worked exclusively on the Creator Monetization team, bringing sweeping changes to several product teams ranging from Branded Content to Fan Subscriptions to build accessible economic opportunities for any person with access to the internet, regardless of background or location. Now, I’m happy to be working at Sirona Medical to focus on my true passion: bridging the healthcare gap through technology. About me Education Stanford University Sept 2013 - June 2017 B.S. Computer Science - Information Track Information is a track that that synthesizes topics from across Computer Science that pertain to creating, processing and understanding digital information in the modern world. The track seeks to span topics ranging from computer data storage through issues of data models, formal query languages, and issues of data integrity to searching for and extracting information from unstructured data sources such as web pages, human languages, and DNA, by using techniques like machine learning and data mining. Stanford, CA Stanford University Jan 2016 - June 2018 M.S. Computer Science - HCI & AI Tracks Human-Computer Interaction is a multidisciplinary track that studies how people interact with computational devices from the largest computing machines to handheld devices to tiny, ubiquitous computers. The HCI group teaches user-centered design thinking with a focus on ubiquitous computing, novel interaction techniques, tools for enhancing designers' creativity, and rapid prototyping. These skills are applicable to areas such as collaborative work, information visualization, and tangible computing. Artificial Intelligence includes the study of foundational material on topics such as logic, probability, statistics, language, and their relationship to several applications. Topics in the AI concentration include knowledge representation, logical reasoning, robotics, machine learning, probabilistic modeling and inference, natural language processing, cognition, speech recognition and synthesis, computer vision, and computational biology. Stanford, CA Experience Sirona Medical 2022 - now Senior Software Engineer Revolutionizing the radiology space by addressing the needs of today’s radiology practices with a novel cloud-native platform that unifies radiology IT applications – worklist, viewer, reporter, and AI – onto a single, streamlined Workspace. Sirona’s radiology operating system (RadOS) puts radiologists in the driver’s seat with AI-powered solutions that simplify their workflow and amplify their work product. San Francisco, CA Meta Sept 2018 - July 2022 Senior Software Engineer Recognition: - Received Redefines Expectations rating 2 times, achieved by less than 0.1% of the entire company. -Recognized by various directors across FB as a vital part of our org Branded Content: - Developed Facebook's branded content platform from a public beta to an open program generating $14m in revenue per week - Modernized legacy infrastructure throughout FB to adopt most modern frameworks (GraphQL, Relay) - Spearheaded privacy-first approach to messaging integration for branded content, saving Faceboook millions of dollars of fees from updated global privacy directives - Designed and executed one of Facebook's first products that deeply integrates Instagram and Facebook universes Paid Online Events: - Proactively worked across creator and consumer experience teams to drive discovery and distribution of POEs on Facebook - Drove features from inception to launch, resulting in as much as 159% growth in key metrics -Executed the first launch of paywalled content on Facebook across all video surfaces - Designed and executed one of Facebook's first products that deeply integrates Instagram and Facebook universes Company Development: - Worked on a volunteer basis with the Fix Corps Engineering team, geared towards making it easier for other teams to create, participate, and be rewarded for improving the quality of code at FB - Resulted in over 100K bugs fixed, $200m saved, 8.6MW power saved, and > 12PB storage saved Menlo Park, CA