GongYi Rayan Water Purifying Materials Co.,ltd. home product Polyacrylamide Polyaluminium Chloride Polyferric Sulfate Water Treatment Chemical about us news case service faq contact us HOT PRODUCT We can provide PAM products in 5 series, including, anionic, cationic, nonionic, amphoteric and emulsion. Anionic Polyacrylamide This product adopts the copolymerization of acrylamide and acrylic acid process.After granulating, drying, pulverizing... read more Cationic Polyacrylamide Cationic Polyacrylamide is formed by copolymerization of acrylamide and cationic monomer in linear polymers with decolorization... read more Nonionic polyacrylamide Nonionic polyacrylamide is formed by homopolymerization of acrylamide... read more PAC30-P Polyaluminium Chloride30% Polyaluminium Chloride 30%, Appearance: Yellow Powder... read more PAC30 Polyaluminium Chloride30% PAC30 Polyaluminium Chloride 30%, Appearance: Yellow Powder... read more PAC28G Polyaluminium Chloride28% Polyaluminium Chloride28%, Appearance: Yellow Powder read more PAC Polyaluminium Chloride26% Polyaluminium Chloride 26%, Appearance: Yellow Powder... read more ABOUT US We can provide PAM products in 5 series, including, anionic, cationic, nonionic, amphoteric and emulsion. We focus on customer satisfaction! RAYAN is dedicated in researching and manufacturing various water treatment chemicals, used in sewage treatment, oilfield exploitation, paper-making and mining industries. According to customer requirements, we can provide PAM products in 5 series, including, anionic, cationic, nonionic, amphoteric and emulsion. And it has passed European Union Chemicals REACH authentication, American NSF authentication, Halal and Kosher certificate. 20 / years export experience 5 / Continents of export 30 / years production experience 5 / Series of products CASE SHOW Exports to South America, North America, Asia, Europe and Australia. Sewage Disposal As a flocculating agent, mainly used in industrial solid-liquid separation process... Coal Industry Flotation process is usually adopted to gain cleaned coal with high combustion value... Flocculant for Mineral Separation Flocculant for mineral separation is the chemical used in the solid liquid separation procedure of chemicals... COMPANY NEWS Industry 30 years of sedimentation brands cast brilliant Water Treatment Chemical for ALUMINA ORE 26 Apr 2017 people view In the production process of alumina, mineral is firstly broken into pieces to make sure their radius is smaller than 1 mm... PAC And PAM Used in COAL INDUSTRY 26 Apr 2017 people view Flotation process is usually adopted to gain cleaned coal with high combustion value.Since the difference in proportion between coal particle and impurity in water,coal mine will float on the surface of the water while the impurity will percipitate at the bottom of the container.... For more information, please contact us in time! Contact us Product Polyacrylamide Polyaluminium Chloride Polyferric Sulfate Water Treatment Chemical Contact us www.rayanchem.com Maggie Zhou info@rayanchem.com +86 18503811955 +86 0371-64200566 rayanchem@yahoo.com ZhiTian, GongYi, HeNan, China Service World leading product quality Adopt the most advanced production lines, strictly supervise every process. First-class scientific research and development.Sufficient funding and professional R&D team. COPYRIGHT © GONGYI RAYAN WATER PURIFYING MATERIALS CO.,LTD . Support:coverweb