PRANADI - Reiki, Yoga & Meditation - Connect to Source, Connect to Self Home Ayurvedic Yoga Massage About & Enquiry Form ONLINE Booking Body Harmony Somatics What Is Clinical Somatics Session Intake Form Gentle Somatic Yoga Class Schedule Memberships Events Home Ayurvedic Yoga Massage About & Enquiry Form ONLINE Booking Body Harmony Somatics What Is Clinical Somatics Session Intake Form Gentle Somatic Yoga Class Schedule Memberships Events AWAKEN THE POSSIBILITY OF BODY HARMONY HATHA, YIN, CORE RASA, RESTORATIVE & GENTLE SOMATIC YOGAAYURVEDA | AYURVEDA YOGA MASSAGE | REIKI Regular Yoga Classes & Monthly BOOTCAMP Monday 10-11am Hatha Yoga Gomersal Public Hall Tuesday 7-8.15pm Gentle Hatha Yoga Birstall Community Centre Thursday 7-8.15pm Core Rasa Yoga for Women Morley Labour Rooms (Unity Hall) Friday 7-8pm (2 a month) Yin Yoga Morley Labour Rooms Saturday 8-9.30am (monthly event) Yoga Shred & Hoop Bootcamp for Women Crank Studios Morley Sunday 9-10am (2 a month) Gentle Somatic Movement Birstall Community Centre There's a yoga/fitness practice for everyone, irrespective of fitness, flexibility or body shape. Check out the descriptions below and choose the right practice for you. Monthly Yoga Shred & Hoop Bootcamp for Women. Unleash your inner warrior and ignite your strength, flow with yoga, and embrace the empowering rhythm of hooping in this unique fusion. Get ready to sculpt, sweat, and smile your way to a stronger you! It's a combination of flexibility, strength, HIIT and SIT training. Beginners to yoga and hooping welcome, we all have to start somewhere. Fancy it? Visit the events page to book. To book, please visit the schedule page where you can choose our £5 introductory offer, PAYG or buy a pack of credits to make the classes more affordable. Please check out all of the membership options on our membership page for more information. Beginners are welcome to all classes as poses are broken down to allow you to choose the right shape for you and your beauitiful body. HATHA YOGA Hatha Yoga - where it all began. Yoga poses (asanas), breathing techniques (pranayama), mudras and meditation to align and calm the body, mind and spirit. YIN YOGA Penetrating deep into connective tissue (tendons, fascia, ligaments and other connective tissues), expanding flexibility while invigorating the energy centres of the body. CORE RASA YOGA Core yoga to build strength, stamina and endurance working towards more challenging poses, Rasa yoga blending the physical practice of vinyasa flow and intelligent alignment. Yoga is the dance of every cell with the music of every breath that creates inner serenity and harmony. GENTLE SOMATIC MOVEMENT Incorporating therapeutic somatic movements that are slow, mindful and help amplify bodily awareness to allow your body to self-heal, self-correct and permanently release stress-based patterns. BELLYFIT® Experience the movement that combines fitness, yoga and sacred feminine dance for the perfect holistic workout designed just for women. Classes to start again in January 2023. CARDIO HOOP Flow Why hooping? As well as being super fun, hula hooping a great cardio and strength workout and a fab way to tone up. It's a low impact and mindful way to exercise and an amazing stress-buster. "Yoga ceases the movements of the mind." Yoga Sutras 1:2 Ayurvedic Yoga Massage for Women Ayurvedic Yoga Massage is a comprehensive Dynamic Bodywork that combines deep tissue massage therapy with yoga-based assisted stretching and breathwork into one treatment The style of each massage is adjusted to serve your needs, so sessions can be more or less dynamic, deep, energetic, slow, nurturing or soothing (or a combination). The aim is to help your feel more centred, and the energy to flow more freely through your body. Book Now CLASS SCHEDULE View our yoga class schedule and book the classes that fit in with what your body/mind needs right now. Book PAYG or with your membership. Class Schedule PRANADI MEMBERSHIP Several membership packages available from per class to unlimited classes per month. Access to a Private Facebook group. Memberships Latest Blogs Why all runners should be doing yin yoga Inward focus developed through yin yoga can help you better tolerate discomfort and keep calm in the face of adversity – skills that will carry over into your running. Read more How Much Water? We don’t need 2 litres of water to be healthy. From an Ayurvedic perspective drinking too much water aggravates not one or two but all three Doshas and dulls your digestive fire. Read more Ayurvedic Hot Chocolate Winter is Vata season and hot chocolate is a great antidote to the chilly and crisp weather happening outside. The ingredients in this Ayurvedic hot chocolate serve as a balm for the often harsh realities of winter. Read more Mudras The effect of mudras can be expressed on many different levels. The physical level is associated with material energy, but the many subtle levels are far from being completely researched. Read more What is a Sankalpa? "Sankalpa" is the root intention for practice, teaching, and life. Sankalpa means "wish," "volition," or "intention". Read more Restorative Yoga Props Restorative poses are poses of being rather than doing – the natural curves of your body is held using props so there’s no effort on your part to rest. Read more Surya and Chandra Bhedana Pranayama Our right nostril is energetically associated with our body’s heating energy, symbolised by the “Sun”, our left nostril with our body’s cooling energy, symbolised by the “Moon”. Read more Jikiden Reiki I have found that following Jikiden Reiki has enhanced my daily practice and I am passionate about spreading the original teachings. Read more History of Reiki In many of our cultures and religions there is the idea of life force energy as a something we can manipulate to help our lives and to promote wellness, even to directly heal. Read more Reiki and Crystals Everyone uses crystals in their day to day life – even if they aren’t aware of it. Quartz watches and in computers crystal energy is utilised in many ways. Read more "From the conquest of posture, so by mastering asanas, an invincible, unconstrained freedom from suffering due to the pairs of opposites (such as heat and cold, good and bad, pain and pleasure) is attained." Yoga Sutras 2:48 Please sign up to our newsletter :-) Subscribe Amanda Meadows (Dip.Ayurveda) Yoga Teacher | Ayurvedic Massage Therapist Ayurvedic Lifestyle Consultant | Clinical Somatics Educator Gomersal, West Yorkshire | amanda@pranadi.co.uk | Tel. 07411 548052 BOOK A MASSAGE Class Schedule Membership Events Blog Contact Connect: