Asian Lottery (China) Official Website More website Homepage About Our News Dynamic Purchasing Intent Procurement Announcement Announcement Policies and Regulations Professional Teams Contact Us Pictures More Company Introduction to Guangdong Guolian Bidding Agency Co., Ltd.Knowledge and technology companies with high -quality, efficient, professional and first -class services for customers.The company is located at No. 613, No. 613, Building D2, Donghui City, Mendu Avenue, Meijiang District, Meizhou City. It is convenient for transportation and has a fixed office space.The company has a vibrant and high -quality professional team, which strictly abides by the "Government Procurement Law of the People's Republic of China", the "Bidding and Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China" and relevant policies and regulations.He has been engaged in government procurement bidding for many years, rich business experience, and has the ability to independently complete the business process of bidding.The company followed the concept of modern enterprises, established a strict internal management system, improved business operating procedures, supervision, training, assessment, and incentive mechanisms, and realized the scientificization of the company's decision -making, institutionalized management, and standardized operation.The company follows the principles of "openness, fairness, justice, and honesty", strives to adhere to professional ethics, dedicated to efficient services, and strives to cast corporate spirit and culture with corporate characteristics.Acting enterprises, gradually establish the brand image news of the "National Federation Bidding". Dynamic address: Meizhou Meizhou Capital Avenue Donghui City Office D2 Building No. 613 613 Tel: 0753-2391206 Fax: 0753-2391306 Email: mzglzb2017@163.COM Contact: Miss Luo Qualification Pre -trial Procurement Announcement Announcement of Guangdong Baolihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Poly Power Power Power Power Power Power Power Panel No. 6, Guangdong Baolihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Garden Power Power Purchasing Project, Guangdong Paulihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. MeixianLotus Garden Power Plant 2024 Power Plant Railway Guangdong Baolihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Park Power Plant Electric Power Plant area important road Vision Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Garden Power Plant 2024 Flying to Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meishu County Power Plant#C Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Park Power Plant 1 and I -Phase 1 of Dry Coal Tibetan Coal Guangdong Paulihua Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Garden Power Plant Phase III Phase Ice Paper Purchase Purchase Purchase Dali County National Electronics 2018 National ElectronicsBusiness Entry Rural Comprehensive Demonstration Project Research Conference Gongwuhua County People's Hospital Information Integrated Platform and Network Security Level Protection Construction item Correct Announcement Announcement of Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Garden Power Plant Electric Motor Procurement Project Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd.Power Plant 2024 Living Area Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Polygang Power Plant all plant equipment Health Weiwei Guangdong Paulihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Garden Power Plant 2024 All Factory Guangdong Paulihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Power Plant FactoryJudu Pan Ding Degree and Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Power Power Plant Safety Warning Sign, Police Guangdong Paulihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Garden Power Plant Smoke Reboning Fan Cyberry Circle Guangdong Polyhua Electric Power Co., Ltd.Annual Full Factory Consumers Announcement Announcement of Guangdong Poilihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Puka Power Power Pumping Housing Operation and Maintenance Project of Meixian Garden Power Power Power Pumping House Operation and Maintenance Project Announcement of Guangdong Polyhua Power Co., Ltd.Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Park Power Plant all the boiler system dredging and chemical area sludge cleaning the bid to bid the bidding announcement Guangdong Poilihua Electric Power Co., Ltd. Meixian Garden Power Plant 2024 Research Zone Light Maintenance Project, the bidding announcement, Guangdong Poilihua Electric Power Co., Ltd.Garden Power Plant's entire plant power monitoring system and other guarantee and evaluation projects in the bidding announcement picture more pictures. More pictures of more friendly links of the China Department of Finance of the Ministry of Finance of the Ministry of Finance of the Ministry of Finance of China: Message Content: Customer Name: Contact: Contact number: QQ/MSN: Motential advertisement more columns Navigation news Dynamic latest announcements The latest key project policy and regulations Qualification Procurement Procurement Announcement Correction Announcement Announcement Procurement Intent Contents are more about the content of the purchase intention.Luo Bing (Luo Yingxia) announced the former head of our company/business department Luo Bing (Luo Yingxia), who officially left the company on April 17, 2021 due to personal reasons, thanking her for their efforts to pay and hard work.At the same time, our company officially stated that from the date of departure, any business conducted by Luo Bing is a personal behavior, which does not represent our company. The company does not bear any responsibility.sorry for the inconveniences caused!Special announcement!Guangdong Guolian Bidding Agency Co., Ltd. April 17, 2021 Foot note column more about us | Contact information | More All rights reserved Copyright (C) 2009-2018 Guangdong Guolian Bidding Agency Co., Ltd.