ALUM FAB – professional aluminum systems Menu English Deutsch Français Polski About us Offer Projects Menu Menu ABOUT US Profesional aluminium system production & install managment ALUM FAB OUR OFFER We offer fabrication service for facade companies ALUM FAB OUR PROJECTS 15 years of experience in the facade cladding ALUM FAB Welcome to our site About Alum Fab Company The Alum Fab company was founded at the end of 2016. It offers its clients professional production management and assembly of aluminum systems. Alum Fab provides fabrication service for facade companies. The company is made up of people that have more than 20 years experience in fabrication and supervision of projects of various scales. About us OUR WORKS Alum Fabfabrication service Alum Fab offers a comprehensive fabrication service. In cooperation with our partners wider range support including design. The company employs high-class specialists, and the production requirements are each time consulted and agreed directly with the clientevery time. Read More WHAT WE DO? Our offer Alum Fab offers the complete range types of cooperation and services.Alum Fab is the machines working and also people who do their best to provide the best quality of the finished products. We are a top-ranked company as we are liable and flexible in the way of how we may satisfy our customer's needs. MORE WHAT CAN WE OFFER? Our products Our glass, Your vision! DOORS External doors, french doors, sliding doors, folding doors... view WINDOWS Sash windows, tilt & turn windows... view ROOFLIGHTS Vertical connected, shared, ridge, openable, sky frame... view OUTDOOR WintergardenSkyframe... view SUN SHADING Blinds, louvers, hutters, patio cover... view INTERNAL SCREENS view PASSIVE HOUSES Passive doors, windows,screens, rooflights... view INDIVIDUAL SOLUTIONS On client demand required view OUR FACTORIES Alum Fab Divisions To become flexible to our customers Alum-Fab dedicated each of its factories for a different purpose, therefore depending on the type of the product:rain-screen cladding, unitized curtain walling, stick curtain walling, windows & doorswill be manufactured in following locations: Production in our Rainscreen Division has been set up to deal with aluminum panels, composite panels, steel panels, and other types of metal cladding. Rainscreen Division Alum-Fab HQ manages all of our factories, this is the place where we make all tenders and where our technical department is located. Alum Fab Headquater Production in our Window&Door Division has been set up to deal with any type of windows, doors, and sliding systems. We can fabricate Schuco, Reynears, Hydro (Wicona/Sapa), Aluprof, custom-made systems, and many others. Window&Door Division Production in our Stick CW Division has been set up to deal with the traditional stick curtain walling systems. We can fabricate Schuco, Aluprof, Reynears, Hydro (Wicona/Sapa), Yawal, custom-made systems, and many others. Stick Curtain Wall Division Production in our Unitised Division has been set up to deal with any type of unitized curtain walling systems. We can fabricate Schuco, Reynears, Hydro (Wicona/Sapa), Aluprof, custom-made systems and many others. Unitised Division NEWS Always Up To Date Alum Fab Design trends, Technology November 6, 2023 03 Nov 2023 Glass Build America 2023 with Alumfab We’re thrilled to announce that ALUM-FAB will be exhibiting at „Glass Build America 2023” in Atlanta. If innovative facade solutions and state-of-the-art design methodologies pique your interest, our booth is the place to be. Continue reading Alum Fab Design trends, Technology November 6, 2023 23 Oct 2023 Explore Architectural Excellence Join us from October 31st to November 2nd in Atlanta, GA, and dive into the world of innovation and sustainability with ALUM-FAB. Continue reading Alum Fab Design trends, Technology February 21, 2023 21 Sep 2021 BIG FIVE 2021 A busy time is behind us. We participated in the BIG FIVE 2021 International Building & Construction Show. Continue reading OUR ADVANTAGES Why choose Alum Fab's and our products? KNOWLEDGE EXPERIENCE PERSONAL ATTENTION SERVICE PARTNERS SPECIALISTS Impartial knowledge and advice about any concerns you might have Over 20 years of experience in the aluminium construction We will provide personal attention and great care when operating in your house Readily available aftercare service Highly experienced fabricator and tradesmen Family-run home improvement specialists More OUR PATNERS The Facades Family Alum Fab pays particular attention to meeting the expectations of each client, therefore, through the activities of partner companies, we have expanded the range of services we offer related to the subject of facades. Each of our partners is a perfect complement to our comprehensive offer. Read more OUR PORTFOLIO We are proud to introduce our Projects Our management team has over 15 years of experience in the facade cladding. IndustryCooperation on the markets of Great Britain, the Republic of Ireland, Canada, France and the USA has built a rich portfolio of completed projects. View Large Dublin Grafton Street View Large Dublin Dawson Street View Large Dublin Landings View Large London Southbank View Large Dublin ESB HQ View Large London UCLH London Southbank VIEW OUR PROJECTS Paris Schindler HQ VIEW OUR PROJECTS Dublin IPC House VIEW MORE PROJECTS Profesional aluminium system production and installation managment GET IN TOUCH Powązkowska St. 01-797 Warsaw Phone: +48 22 669 44 17 Mail: info@alum-fab.com OUR SITE About us Offer Projects Careers OUR PARTNERS MAS Design Alurac Arucon Facades Consultants COPYRIGHT:ALUM FAB 2021 COOKIES | OUR POLICIES | LEGAL Search Menu Projects Home About us Offer Projects Careers News Partner companies Contact English Deutsch Français Polski Home About us Offer Projects Careers News Partner companies Contact English Deutsch Français Polski We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Accept Menu Home Projects Contact Proffesional aluminium system production and installation managment 15 Powązkowska St.. 01-797 Warsaw +48 22 669 44 17 info@alum-fab.com Home About us Offer Projects News Partner companies Careers Contact Home About us Offer Projects News Partner companies Careers Contact Independent supplier of all types of envelope cladding materials. Your reliable partner. Home About us Offer Projects News Partner companies Careers Contact Home About us Offer Projects News Partner companies Careers Contact