URUAE kralbetz.combetturkeygiris.orgbahis.comhipas.infowiibet.comrestbetcdn.comtop-casino.bizebetebet.commariogame.netSupertotobetSahabet Giriştarafbetgiris.infoMatadorbetTipobetBedava Deneme Bonusuhack forumxumabet.net Call Us: +44 7452 131713 +971 52 829 9493 Home About Us Associated Organizations Earlier Keynote Speakers Scientific Committee Reviewers Gallery FAQs URUAE Proceedings URST Proceedings ERPUB Proceedings Read More Read More Read More Read More International Academy of Advances in Engineering & Sciences (IAAES) International Association of Chemical, Biological & Medical Sciences Researchers (CBMSR) International Association of Civil, Agricultural & Environmental Engineering Researchers (CAEER) International Association of Humanities, Social Sciences & Management Researchers (HSSMR) Our Newsletter WELCOME TO URUAEWelcome to UR-UAE Press! UR-UAE is a new scientific publishing company aiming at serving the scientific and intellectual community by providing researchers with the best infrastructure to get their works published, referenced, located, read and cited. UR-UAE Press adheres to the principles the Creative Commons and favors Open Access publishing. UR-UAE Press aims at providing world-class services for its authors, editors, conference organizers and readers by offering the up-to-date services they may expect from a professional publisher. UR-UAE Press publishes high quality, peer-reviewed conference articles, journals and books, primarily in electronic format on the Internet but also in print and other media. Many of our publications are freely accessible, i.e. without charge, in our on-line repository. Books are published at prices affordable not only for institutions but also for individual scholars and students. We at UR-UAE Press are convinced that there remains an important role to be played for printed books: who does not want to buy a well-written, nicely formatted book covering an interesting subject and at a very reasonable price? We do not aim to sell our books at high prices to a limited number of institutional buyers: we think any interested individual should be able to buy our books, so we do everything to keep our prices as low as possible, without any compromise on quality. Publishing your conference or workshop. UR-UAE Press is building up a repository of freely available articles from books, journals and conferences, workshops and symposia. All articles will be fully interlinked and presented for indexing to the major indexing services. Furthermore, we can help you to locate high-quality scientific journals interested in publishing extended versions of selected papers. Any enquires or proposal about the publishing, please contact support@uruae.org Eminent Committee Members Prof. Dr. Wen-Pei Sung Prof. Daniel Marcos Bonotto Prof. Samy Oraby Prof. Dr. Kei Eguchi Prof. Dr. Abdelkader Adla Prof. Dr. Geraldine Apelo-Quinones Assoc.Prof. Dr. Tri Retnaningsih Soeprobowati Prof. Dr. Emhemmed Abdullah Alhibshi Prof. Dr. Chairil Anwar Assoc. Prof. Yuji Sakai Prof. Dr. Mizuno Norihito Asso. Prof. Dr. Shaykh Luqman Jimoh Prof. Dr.Cherry I. Ultra Prof. Mohamed A. Almannie Dr. Tosaporn Mahamud Prof. Kazuaki Maeda Prof. Dr. Haiu Aurelia Prof. Dr. Bulent Topcuoglu Dr. Hemantkumar P. Bulsara Quick Links Home About Us Associated Organizations Earlier Keynote Speakers Scientific Committee Reviewers Gallery FAQs Payment Disclaimer The content of the website is subject to change. The information on hyper linked or referred to web sites is neither investigated nor analyzed by the conference organizers. No warranty or representation, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or completeness of that information. In no event will the conference organizers accept any liability with regard to the information contained in this web site or any other hyper linked or referred to web sites. Follow Us Address : Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing E-mail : support@uruae.org Phone: +44 7452 131713 ,+971 52 829 9493 Copyright © 2015 Universal Researcher URUAE. All Rights Reserved.