SRI DURGA METAL COATS Home About Us Our Services Ced Coating Zinc Coating Ed Coating Powder Coating Phosphate Coating Geomet Coating Zinc Flake Coating Silver Coating Pvd Coating Electroless Coating Gallery Quality Contact Us Your browser does not support HTML5 video. CED COATING We are engaged as a service provider of CED coating service on all Metal Surfaces View More ZINC COATING Better And Brighter Solution for Zinc Coating View More ED COATING Leading & Edge technology with SURFACE FINISHING ED Coating Solutions View More POWDER COATING The Best Decorative Powder Coating Services On Stainless Steel & Glass Products. View More PHOSPHATING COATING We Provide High Quality Phosphate Coating Solutions View More About Us The Finest Specialist For Your All Coating Needs SRI DURGA METAL COATS providing ED Coating, Zinc coating ,aluminum surface treatment and metal surface treatment for metal industries, who are supporting to all the key disc drive maker .We also provide services for automobile companies, core works, medical & modular industry and other domestic applications on metal surface treatment. Our Specialization We are consistently progressing. Our clients are extremely satisfied by our service. They seek our services repetitively. We have an excellent pool of highly skilled engineering resources & high quality manufacturing units to ensure best service Our team is having more than two decades of hands-on experience in the various fields of Industrial Coating and Engineering & Integration Process. We have the latest Project management resources, dedicated Vendor base for building plant with the advanced Technologies for all CED and Powder Coating Systems. Our Service 01 CED Coating CED is Advanced machinery for Sheet Metal Components 03 Zinc Coating Zinc Electroplating is a forms of electroplating. 03 Pvd Coating A production part is coated with a metal material after it is vaporized. 03 Geomet Coating The coatings are well suited for protecting both simple or complex geometry 03 Electroless Coating It is a form of alloy treatment designed to increase resistance & hardness in a metal 02 ED Coating ED has universal for a modern automotive paint shop. 04 POWDER Coating It is used to create a hard conventionalpaint. 05 PHOSPHATING Coating Phosphating are a crystalline conversion coating 04 Silver Coating It is the chemical process of coating a non-conductive substrate 04 Zinc Flake Coating It is a coating of zinc and aluminum flakes that is applied to protect against corrosion. Galary CED Coating Powder Coating Zing Coating Zinc Flake Coating Electroless Coating Pvd Coating Core Values Our Company Achieved iso certified 9001:2015 Innovation : To work towards perfection with the right resources and execution. Passion : To follow commitment and desire for continuous growth. Teamwork : We believe that we all succeed together. Teamwork is important for achieving great success. Quality Service : Provide excellent service to our customers that we proud to stand behind. Our Vision To create Solutions for customers to enhance productivity, reliability, reduce wastage, create a safe work environment Reduce cost by providing value added services in Engineering Automation with highest standards on Coating, corporate culture, Creativity, Quality and Competitiveness. Our Misson To achieve total customer satisfaction To provide Growth opportunity to employees. Transparent and Healthy work environment conducive to growth of Employees, Suppliers, Contractors and Vendors. High standards and top priority to Health and Safety of employees, Contractors and other agencies at site, including client's property by following best industry practices. Our Clients