Home Page - Profit Sense - Sunbury Accountant Home About Us Services Income Tax Preparation Activity Statement Preparation Corporate Sectetarial Financial Statements Business & Tax Advisory Financial Planning / Mortgage Broking Payments Contacts Free Consultation! Income Tax Preparation We specialise in the preparation of small to medium businesses and individual tax returns. Call Us to Discuss Read More Income Tax Preparation Professional Tax & Business Advice Confused about your Tax and Business Obligations. Call our Sunbury office on (03) 9744 9444 to book a FREE first consultation appointment. Free Consultation More about us Professional Tax & Business Advice Activity Statement Preparation At Profit Sense we take the confusion and stress out of preparing your activity statement. Call Us to Discuss Activity Statements Activity Statement Preparation Financial Planner & Mortgage Broker Services Profit Sense have recently teamed up with a local Financial Planner and Mortgage Broker to give you speclised advice on your finances Call Us to Discuss Read More Mortgage Broker & Financial Planning Services Income Tax Preparation We will provide you with advice & assistance to allow for preparation and lodgement of income tax returns for individuals, partnerships, companies & trusts. Read MoreActivity Statement Preparation Preparation & lodgement of Business Activity Statements (BAS) & Instalment Activity Statements (IAS) relating to Pay As You Go (PAYG) Withholding & PAYG Instalments. Read MoreCorporate Secretarial ASIC monitor and review every Australian Registered Company, changes made to your Company need to be advised. We can take care of all your ASIC requirements. Read MoreFinancial Statements We can assist you in the preparation of financial statements for your business in accordance with professional accounting standards. Read MoreBusiness & Tax Advisory Services Profit Sense prides itself on the advice it provides our clients, advice may range from start-up business & cash flow projections to tax planning and business succession. Read MoreFinancial Planning Mortgage Broking We have affiliations with a financial planner & mortgage broker who work closely with our accountants to obtain the best results for our clients. Read More What Our Clients SayI can highly recommend Gordon at Profit Sense. They are superior at their work and a pleasure to communicate with. I have been using their services for 16 years and will continue to. Ginger LightI’m a small business owner and came to Profit Sense having had no previous experience in accounting or bookkeeping and have found Gordon at Profit Sense extremely professional and approachable. Courtney GayHaving a team of Accounting and Finance professionals that not only understand what it is like to run their own business, but have the same passion and motivation to succeed is rare. Dean SzantoProfit Sense has helped with Business Tax planning, dealing with the ATO and even my personal superannuation with great success. The dedicated staff at Profit Sense make a worrying task of dealing with business finances easy. Andrew McLeanFrom the time you enter the door to the time you sit with Staff to discuss your accounting needs you are made to feel very welcomed and given professional and ethical service and advise. Vic Parnis Phone: 03 9744 9444 Fax: 03 9744 9499 Suite 10 / 33 - 35 Macedon Street Sunbury, Victoria, 3429 Designed By Roggle WebDesign | Profit Sense© 2022 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.