Start - Bloch Insurance Start About us Our team The company history insurance broker - why for?Blog newsletter downloads contact page Select the insurance broker for families Trust. Seit 1950 car accident checklist get your free checklist here and forget nothing more after a car accident!Yes, the checklist do I want newsletter you want to be up to date?Our update provides all important information short & crunchy 1-4 times a month.Register here for free, police check you want your police to meet your wishes and needs?Nothing unnecessary, but everything important?At best conditions?Book your non -binding initial interview right here!I want to know more free live webinars We are currently working on new webinar ideas and will soon be reporting with new appointments.Jump onto the waiting list and you will learn about it first!Register here for free Hello, I'm Susanne!My great wish is to help families to be optimally secured and thereby concentrate on the beautiful things of life.As an independent insurance expert, I have therefore made it my job to show you what is really important in this area and what you can confidently do without.Without ramblings and without specialist chinese.More about me our latest blog articles are obliged - your duties as insurance science February 26, 2024 |You as an insurance hat, I would like to talk to you about something that is often underestimated in connection with insurance, but is of great importance: your ... read more private health insurance - that costs you!Feb 19, 2024 |Gesunderhein in the past few months we have received significantly more inquiries about private health insurance.Not only Corona showed us that we - even if ... read more 12 out of 12 in February 2024 Feb 12. 2024 |The 12.2.2024 is very personally and falls on the first working day after the semester break, in short a very completed day awaits us.An old ... Read more blog article Mrs. Kondziolka-Bloch and her team are really a dream “Super advice, very competent, personal and friendly ... You just notice that these people like to do their job-and very well.-Quick help and support when something really happens ...-Ms. Kondziiolka-Bloch and her team are really a dream. ”Susanne Stemmer Independent photographer in Vienna & Paris Here you take time“ Rapping, competent and very friendly advice, took hereYou have a lot of time for my concerns and dealt with all my questions, I felt very well advised and I am still very satisfied with my surviving insurance.If I need something new, I am always in good hands here. ”The Keglovits family, Vienna, satisfied customer for over 20 years“ I have been a customer of Ms. Bloch and her team for over 20 years.In times of increasing hotlines and impersonal care or constantly changing customer supervisors, I am so happy to have at least put the sensitive area of my insurance contracts into the hands of the brokerage office Bloch.Here I have never had to wait long for the completion of my concerns and this is also equally competent and friendly. ”Kriemhild Kolbe 5 stars for Bloch insurance“ For many years-“The” competent partner for me and my family in the insurance area-if IThink how often Susanne and her team solved the "little ones" but also really bigger problems for us ... this is the perfect example of "Customer- Service" .. 5 *, without thinking ... "Heinrich Prokop family, entrepreneur, TV-Juror Insurance News In a nutshell-checklists, analyzes, comparisons, ... Success report First name E-Mail address I confirm the data protection regulations and off!You can unsubscribe yourself anytime!Contact us: We are there for you during our opening hours. Wagramer Straße 201, 1210 Vienna Vis à Vis Garage entrance Citygateu-Bahn station Aderklaaer Straßerouutenplaner Wiener Linien  Monday: 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Fri: 8-12:30 p.m.  +43 (1) 3323541/11, 12, 13 od. 16  office@bloch-versicherungen.at consequences of consequences we will contact you: Name email address phone message 10 + 5 = send by loading the card accept the data protection declaration of GoogleFollow facebook follow Instagram follow youtube follow linkedIn imprint data protection copyright friedrich w. bloch GmbH