Classic Adventure Toggle navigation Classic Walking Classic Outdoor Skills Classic Rock Climbing Classic Scrambling Classic Accommodation Join us for a Classic Adventure on the hills and crags You're never too old for a Classic Adventure Call: +44(0) 7799 860312 Previous Next Welcome to Classic Adventure! We offer bespoke guided walking, climbing and scrambling. We're based in The Lake District UK but can offer adventures throughout the UK and abroad. We use mature, experienced guides, specialising in tailor made outdoor experiences, and you're certainly never too old for a Classic Adventure. Come and join us! Developing Outdoor Skills Whether you are a complete beginner, want to brush up your skills, take things to the next level, or equip yourself to take groups of friends out safely, we offer practical, interactive courses on: Navigation Night walking/navigation Mountain safety Winter Skills Mountain Leadership Classic Accommodation We have a double and two twin rooms, each with shower room with powerful shower, toilet, hand basin, heated towel rail and underfloor heating. Communal tea and coffee making facilities and a serve yourself simple breakfast of coffee, tea, cereals, fresh, often home made bread, fresh garden fruit and home made jams and marmalade. Wifi is available in all rooms. You will have keys for your room. Check-in is after 4pm. However, if you would like to drop luggage off earlier in the day this can be arranged. Check-out is 10am. If you bring your bike we can lock it in our garage overnight. If your clothes and boots are soaked we will do our best to dry them! Contact us now to start planning your adventure: Email. info@classicadventure.co.uk Phone for Activities: 07799 860312 Accommodation Booking: 07799 860 113 "We just need some high quality, good value accommodation" We offer excellent bed and breakfast with 3 ensuite rooms. "We are keen walkers but don't know the Lake District!" From Itinerary and Route planning, to weather information and local hints and tips, we can set you off for the day and welcome you back to comfortable accommodation at the end of it! "We have never done hill walking, and don't know where to start" We can offer fully guided experiences, completely tailored to your needs "We want to stretch ourselves to the next level" From beginners, to improvers, to experienced practitioners, we offer tailored advice and guiding "We've never skiied!!" We organise trips to Norway and the Alps for beginners to old hands! Contact Form Send Message Now Leave this blank: Do not change this: Site MapContactAbout Us Handy Travel Guide Terms and ConditionsAccessibility PolicyPrivacy Policy Classic Adventure Meadow ViewCrook RoadStaveleyCumbriaLA89NG Classic Adventure recognises that climbing, hill walking and mountaineering are activities with a danger of personal injury or death. Participants in these activities should be aware of and accept these risks and be responsible for their own actions and involvement. Site by Redstone Websites - Easy to Use Web Content Management. Contact Up to top of page