McConaghy & Co 0 Skip to Content Home About Services Tax Compliance & Planning Business Accounting Business Advice Self Managed Super Contact 07 5574 0966 Open Menu Close Menu Home About Services Tax Compliance & Planning Business Accounting Business Advice Self Managed Super Contact 07 5574 0966 Open Menu Close Menu Home About Folder: Services Back Tax Compliance & Planning Business Accounting Business Advice Self Managed Super Contact 07 5574 0966 Your long-term business partners, committed to personal service & supported growth. Tax Compliance & Planning Small Business Accounting Professional Business Advice Self Managed Superannuation Testimonials "We appointed McConaghy and Co as our accountants when we purchased our first business back in 2004, and we have been working with them ever since. At that time they assisted us with establishing two companies, one of which was invested in by a group of shareholders. Since then, we have bought and sold a couple of other businesses and have enjoyed year on year growth. Andrew and the team at McConaghy and Co have provided us with excellent financial advice every step of the way over the last 17 years, and they work very closely with our Bookkeepers. I would highly recommend them to any owners of small or medium size businesses for taxation and accounting services."Michelle Clark, Innspired Pty Ltd “McConaghy & Co have looked after my businesses changing accounting and taxation needs of my businesses for over 20 years. Andrew and his team are reliable, trustworthy and consistently give valuable advice.”Ian Kidd – Mining and Hotel Operations A professional, distinctive financial services provider in South-East Queensland, backed by a friendly team of experienced locals. We have been guiding our clients across all aspects of financial services for over 35 years. From business advice, to taxation and accounting, to superannuation and assets management, talk to us today. Contact us Our goal is to help you build for your financial future by providing you with the very best professional financial expertise.McConaghy & Co, based on the Gold Coast in Queensland, have been providing accounting and taxation services, business advice, SMSF and estate planning services for over 35 years.Our focus is to help you achieve your financial goals with the support of a friendly local team who deliver personalised, genuine service. Whether you are an individual looking for an Accountant with expertise in SMSFs, an entrepreneur about to setup their business for the first time or an established business looking for greater advice that supports their strategic direction, we at McConaghy & Co can provide everything you need to achieve both your short & long-term financial goals. We can offer meaningful support & advice for your business based on our many years of local service. We work with you to understand your challenges & take your business to the next level. 97 Upton Street, Bundall Qld 421707 5574 0966 AboutBusiness AccountingTax Returns & ComplianceBusiness AdviceSelf Managed Super FundsContactTerms