Notice: Undefined variable: qyItVkH in /home/hudastechnologie/public_html/nirman.group/index.php on line 6 Notice: Undefined variable: hawcCliur in /home/hudastechnologie/public_html/nirman.group/index.php on line 6 Nirman Group Your Trusted Service Provider! E-Mail Us:support@nirman.group English English मराठी Request For Quote Number #1 Providerof Industrial Solution Global CertificateISO 9001:2015 Award WinningSolution Of The Year Toggle navigation Nirman Group Home About Us Business Nirman Fertilizers Pvt. Ltd. Nirman Crop Care Pvt. Ltd. Dhara Agro Industries Nirman Multistate Credit Co-Operative Society Nirman Multilateral Foundation Products All Products Fertilizer Crop Care Dhara Agro Media Advertisements News & Media Awards & Achievements Events Career Contact Us Welcome to Nirman Group Nirman Group has gained immense expertise in manufacturing and marketing of fertilizer, pesticides and FMCG (Food) products. Founded in 2009, Nirman Group is a pioneer in high-quality Mix fertilizes through the new technology and intensive research activities. Today Nirman group is involved in various activities like Agro-industries, FMCG Products, Banking/Finance & N.G.O. View More A Nirman Group initiative Nirman Fertilizers We are into the business of manufacturing the micronutrients and secondary nutrients with other nutritional products for plants. View More A Nirman Group initiative Nirman Crop Care By achieving excellent growth of agro products in Nirman group the pesticides manufacturing facility is established in 2014 by the name of Nirman Crop Care Pvt. Ltd. We have gained immense expertise in supplying & trading of Bio pesticide etc. The company manufactures more than 70 pesticides products. View More A Nirman Group initiative Nirman Snacks We are top suppliers of Sweets, Spices, Instant Mixes and Namkeen in India. We offer utmost contentment of taste and quality to our consumers by taking constant efforts on innovation and maintaining the best quality regarding taste and flavors. View More A Nirman Group initiative Nirman Multistate Co-Operative Credit Society For social and societies betterment, we initiated to start multistate credit co-operative society on the idea, lend money hassle free and smoothly by just fulfilling documents as required. View More A Nirman Group initiative Nirman Multilateral Foundation (NGO) With a vision to help neediest and poor people across the nation we have registered an N.G.O. named as Nirman Multilateral Foundation. After the establishment and successful work of Nirman Fertilizer, Nirman Crop Care, Nirman Snacks and Nirman Multistate Credit Co-Operative Society. View More About Nirman Group Companies under Nirman Group We gained immense expertise in supplying & trading of Agriculture fertilizer, pesticides, F.M.C.G. (Food) Products etc. We are headquartered in Akola, Maharashtra with presence in more than 6 state of India and is one of the leading sellers of listed products. Our Highlight’s are Robust Infrastructure Research & Development Laboratory Quality Assurance Expert Team Dynamic Leadership Over the years, Nirman Group built its capabilities to near market nuances like price volatility, speed and strategy, based not just on an analysis of growth trends in the Indian economy but even deeper, on scale, resources, technology capability, quality and product diversification. We are clearly focused on actively shaping a promising future in a swiftly and dynamically changing world. We Are Known For Self-Manufacturing We are the biggest sole manufacturer for fertilizer and pesticides. All products are manufactured inhouse. Best Water Soluble Our water-soluble products are well known and reputed due to its quality. Best Pesticides The entire pesticides manufacturer by us and our state of art facility are of best quality. Food Hygiene & Safety You do not have to eat less; you just have to eat right. Our hygienic food is base forever. Words of Farmers Kedar Jadhav View Testimonial Ramesh Ingle View Testimonial Jagdish kumar View Testimonial Akhay Patil View Testimonial Kedar Jadhav View Testimonial Ramesh Ingle View Testimonial Jagdish kumar View Testimonial Akhay Patil View Testimonial Our Area of Operations Nirman Group is headquartered in Akola, Maharashtra with a Regional Office in Duhle, Maharashtra and a production unit for pesticides in Andhra Pradesh. Our area of operation covers a wide geographic area, and we are willing to travel and is licensed in other states, should that be necessary for your project. Call us to discuss your particular project requirements regardless of where it is located – we’ll be there. The states highlighted on the map represent those states in which we are licensed as a contractor and/or where we have completed projects. Additional information regarding our current licensing status is available upon request. Our Manufacturing Facelities Are Located In Akola, Maharashtra Sholapur Plant, Maharashta Palej, Guajrat Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh Our Working Area Maharashtra Gujarat Andhra Pradesh Chhattisgarh Madhya Pradesh Karnataka Uttar Pradesh Rajasthan Why Choose us Creative and Innovative solutions We believe in customer satisfaction. Our team personally works on requirement of each client to make them happy. State of the art facility Our production facility is one of the best and well-known facility across the nation. With the best machinery and trained staff. Stuck to our goals In our journey of past 7 years, we are focused on our goals and objectives resulting into 100% output of the best quality. Dedicated team Our team works only for your service. This focused approach bring better understanding of your needs and processes to the team. Most Selling Products Fertilizers New Bullet Discription About The Product is currently missing New Vedant (PROM) Discription About The Product is currently missing New K - More Discription About The Product is currently missing New Si – Rich (Diatomite Silicon) Manganese-12% Discription About The Product is currently missing Crop Care New No-Mark Discription About The Product is currently missing New EM-5 Discription About The Product is currently missing New Grip-71 Discription About The Product is currently missing New Achuk 1.9 Discription About The Product is currently missing Our Business Our Gallery ”Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.” Subscribe now to get daily updates × Robust Infrastructure We are well supported by our state of the art manufacturing facility, which is loaded with advanced machinery. Our competent workforce use advanced machinery during the processing our products. Relying on our vast industry experience, we understand the demands of the market and develop products to meet the challenging requirements of our esteemed clients. Close × Research & Development Laboratory We also own research & development facility where our competent team creates products of the interest of the industry. Our highly skilled research and development team works in order to meet the ever-changing demands of our esteemed clients. Our team does thorough research in order to make products to fulfill the requirements of the industry. Close × Quality Assurance We are committed to offer the best products in terms of quality. To ensure this, we have maintained a quality maintenance cell, which does thorough testing of our products during the production process. Being reputed fertilizers manufacturers, we are offering our products at competitive rates. Moreover, our trusted network ensures timely delivery of your consignment. Close × Expert Team Nirman Group has developed a team of professionals that assist our organization in all daily routine work. They work with all the companies and respective departments of the organization. Our firm has a flawless coordinator between these professionals, which results in a well thought out and comprehensive approach that you can trust. We call these professionals our Expert Team. They are hand selected by our firm as individuals that maintain a high level of integrity and are knowledgeable and experienced in their respective fields. Close × Dynamic Leadership Ganesh Rameshwar Deshmukh Desecration: Chairman & Managing Director With a strong base of degree in Agricultural Engineering, and vast experience of farming operations and farming industry since beginning, Mr. Ganesh Deshmukh has achieved great success in a very young age. With his determination, keen and thorough understanding about Agriculture and zeal for experimenting, he was the first to formulate granules of secondary fertilizer (Ca+Mg+S) in India. Mr. Deshmukh has extensive experience and expertise in Sales and Marketing. He started his career as a Marketing Manager with Lokmangal Biotech, Solapur and has since then been associated with the Company very well. He has dealt with Sales & Marketing, International Business and various general managerial assignments. He started his own organization after 15 years of experience with the industry and while serving on the position of General Manager. Mr. Deshmukh is the Managing Director of Nirman Group since 8 August 2009. Several corporate have recognized his business leadership and community organizations, and he has received numerous awards, including Lokmat Businessman of the year Awards for Corporate Excellence 2016; LohPurush- The iron men of Industry Akola Chamber of Commerce- 2017; CNN-IBN Indian of the Year 2014 (business category); Best CEO for 2013 and 2014 by Business Today; and, Best CEO 2010-15 Institutional Investor’s Annual All-Asia Executive Team rankings; Close × Nirman Group Welcome to Nirman Group Nirman Group has gained immense expertise in manufacturing and marketing of fertilizer, pesticides and FMCG (Food) products. Founded in 2009, Nirman Group is pioneer in high quality Mix fertilizes through the new technology and intensive research activities. Today Nirman group is involved in various activities like Agro industries, FMCG Products, Banking/Finance & N.G.O. Close × Nirman Group Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited is a Private Ltd Company incorporated on 04 February 2009. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. Its authorized share capital is Rs. 5,000,000 and its paid up capital is Rs. 3,538,800.It is involved in Manufacture of basic chemicals. Soil conditioners and nutrient fertilizers. Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 29 September 2017 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2017. NIRMAN FERTILIZERS PVT. LTD. is the well-known and prominent organization in their work field. They are working as a fertilizer manufacturing and providing agricultural inputs to farmers over Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. Their business headquarter is situated at India. Enriched with vast industrial experience, they are involved in offering a wide range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than...Soil Conditioners, Straight fertilizers, Micronutrients, Straight Fertilizers and Bio Stimulants. These Rawmaterials are sourced from the reliable vendors of the industry, who design and develop these as per international industrial standards. Their devices are acknowledged for their reliability. They are amongst the reputed indian organizations, extremely engaged in giving a Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than... and good quality range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than....\ engaged in providing Bio pesticides, Bio fungicides and Bio stimulants to farming community. Close × Nirman Group Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited is a Private Ltd Company incorporated on 04 February 2009. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. Its authorized share capital is Rs. 5,000,000 and its paid up capital is Rs. 3,538,800.It is involved in Manufacture of basic chemicals. Soil conditioners and nutrient fertilizers. Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 29 September 2017 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2017. NIRMAN FERTILIZERS PVT. LTD. is the well-known and prominent organization in their work field. They are working as a fertilizer manufacturing and providing agricultural inputs to farmers over Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. Their business headquarter is situated at India. Enriched with vast industrial experience, they are involved in offering a wide range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than...Soil Conditioners, Straight fertilizers, Micronutrients, Straight Fertilizers and Bio Stimulants. These Rawmaterials are sourced from the reliable vendors of the industry, who design and develop these as per international industrial standards. Their devices are acknowledged for their reliability. They are amongst the reputed indian organizations, extremely engaged in giving a Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than... and good quality range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than....\ engaged in providing Bio pesticides, Bio fungicides and Bio stimulants to farming community. Close × Request For Quote × Nirman Group Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited is a Private Ltd Company incorporated on 04 February 2009. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. Its authorized share capital is Rs. 5,000,000 and its paid up capital is Rs. 3,538,800.It is involved in Manufacture of basic chemicals. Soil conditioners and nutrient fertilizers. Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 29 September 2017 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2017. NIRMAN FERTILIZERS PVT. LTD. is the well-known and prominent organization in their work field. They are working as a fertilizer manufacturing and providing agricultural inputs to farmers over Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. Their business headquarter is situated at India. Enriched with vast industrial experience, they are involved in offering a wide range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than...Soil Conditioners, Straight fertilizers, Micronutrients, Straight Fertilizers and Bio Stimulants. These Rawmaterials are sourced from the reliable vendors of the industry, who design and develop these as per international industrial standards. Their devices are acknowledged for their reliability. They are amongst the reputed indian organizations, extremely engaged in giving a Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than... and good quality range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than....\ engaged in providing Bio pesticides, Bio fungicides and Bio stimulants to farming community. Close × Nirman Group Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited is a Private Ltd Company incorporated on 04 February 2009. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. Its authorized share capital is Rs. 5,000,000 and its paid up capital is Rs. 3,538,800.It is involved in Manufacture of basic chemicals. Soil conditioners and nutrient fertilizers. Nirman Fertilizers Private Limited's Annual General Meeting (AGM) was last held on 29 September 2017 and as per records from Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), its balance sheet was last filed on 31 March 2017. NIRMAN FERTILIZERS PVT. LTD. is the well-known and prominent organization in their work field. They are working as a fertilizer manufacturing and providing agricultural inputs to farmers over Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. Their business headquarter is situated at India. Enriched with vast industrial experience, they are involved in offering a wide range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than...Soil Conditioners, Straight fertilizers, Micronutrients, Straight Fertilizers and Bio Stimulants. These Rawmaterials are sourced from the reliable vendors of the industry, who design and develop these as per international industrial standards. Their devices are acknowledged for their reliability. They are amongst the reputed indian organizations, extremely engaged in giving a Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than... and good quality range of Monoammonium phosphate and mix with diammonium, less than....\ engaged in providing Bio pesticides, Bio fungicides and Bio stimulants to farming community. Close × Nirman Fertilizer Nirman Fertilizers Pvt. Ltd., a strategic unit of Nirman Group has a mega Greenfield site at Borgaon Manju in Akola District of Maharashtra. We have expanded our manufacturing unit at Dhule in Maharashtra and Anantpur District in Andhra Pradesh. Uncompromised quality, higher volumes, profitable growth, well-timed expansions, these are just few of the words that describe the journey of Nirman Fertilizers Pvt. Ltd. since the very day of its inception. We are into the business of manufacturing of micro nutrients and secondary nutrients with other nutritional products for plants. We have started our activity by manufacturing small range secondary nutrients - soil conditioner for plants and then diversified into mineral additives, for the agricultural use. The products were immediately accepted by the farmers and slowly it became the brand leader in the field of plant nutrition with a range of products. We have expanded our product line to include value added water soluble complexes of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorous (P) and Potassium (K). As a part of our product portfolio we also have value added product line to cover bio pesticides, bio-fertilizers and farm sprayers. Nirman Fertilizers has over the years, built its capabilities to finer market factors like price volatility, speed and strategy, based not just on an analysis of growth trends in the Indian economy but even deeper, on scale, resources, technology capability, quality, and product diversification. Nirman Fertilizers is clearly focused on actively shaping a promising future in a swiftly and dynamically changing world. We're building resilience to steer ahead through a changing and challenging economy, focused on enriching, nourishing and empowering lives. Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Name Of Farmer Close × Nirman Crop Care The company is located in Akola, Maharashtra. Nirman crop care Pvt. Ltd. is one of India’s leading agri base company. The company has now grow over the years and is leading today western and central India. It possess well equipped R & D laboratory advanced instruments facility managed by equally competent team of scientist, Chemist laydown a strong R & D foundation. Clean and hygienic environment ensure the consistency and reliability of results. New formulations are Plant performed monitored recorded and applied in the small-scale field then finalize. The products are manufactured with high quality control from raw material procurement to finish good dispatch. The company also export its products to the European countries. Close × Nirman Snack's Established in 2016, Dhara Agro Industries has made a name for itself in the list of top suppliers of Soil Conditioners, Sweets & Namkeen in India. The company is located in Pune, Maharashtra. Nirman Snacks Private Limited is a Private incorporated on 10 September 2015. It is classified as Non-govt company and is registered at Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. Directors of Nirman Snacks Private Limited are Vasant Rameshwar Kale, Ganesh Rameshwar Deshmukh and Jayshri Ganesh Deshmukh. Why Nirman's snacks? We offer utmost contentment of taste and quality to our consumers by taking constant efforts on innovation and maintaining the best quality regarding tastes and flavours. In a very short span of time we have bagged success by catering maximum customers all over India. The reasons behind this success story are: Completely Hygienic, Lip smacking tastes and flavours, Hygiene cognizant work, on time delivery – freshness delivered. Close × Nirman Multistate Co-Operative Credit Society Nirman Multistate Credit Co-Operative Society Ltd., who spreads the wings in the rural and urban areas, has dominated the minds of the customers. Our branches spread over Maharashtra state. This organization has started since 2015, and this Nirman Multistate Credit Co-Operative Society Ltd. family is moving forward with 21 branches, and more than 50000 satisfied candidates, in a very short period of time. With the promise of faith, commitment and commitment of the organization, the organization is working for the welfare of the family members, for the economic stability of all. Nirman Multistate Credit Co-Operative Society Ltd. started by young thinking youth in 2015 has become a big family of more than 50000+ members in view of the credit society. The 21 branches of the society are in Maharashtra, making honest efforts to understand the basic duty of all those who come in contact with their respective, affectionate and good service. Today's youth is the pillar of his family and country, giving proper direction to the energy of his, loaning and guarding thousands of youth to make the business's wish come true. The organization is always proud of starting their life and helping them stand on their feet. Close × Nirman Multilateral Foundation (NGO) Nirman Multilateral Foundation (NGO) is incepted by students of BITS Pilani in 2005 and work in the areas of Education, Livelihoods and Social Leadership. From the past 12 years Nirman touched 3,00,000+ beneficiaries through vertical flagship programs and 5,00,000+ beneficiaries through horizontal impact programs with 150 full time employees and 500+ strong volunteer network, with 500+ Lakhs (pa) worth of Social Impact through 7 Flagship Programs & Social Leadership Initiatives touching lives of Children, Women, Youth and Farmers from diverse social backgrounds across 6 States of India partnering with 35+ Corporate and Philanthropic partners. Our History The idea of serving the underprivileged has been the seed. Where people hesitate to tread their steps towards service, a group of students from BITS Pilani initiated the voluntary efforts to serve the needy people from the lower strata. They started teaching to the children of mess workers and construction labour and used to visit local villagers. One day, Kashiram Ka, a regular visiting Rikshawala didn’t appear in the gathering. Wondered, the students visiting his home ended up with an epiphany on the conditions of life in the village of Pilani. The Riskshawala who met with an accident is bed ridden. The girl child had to drop out to help her mother in day to day ablutions. They can’t afford medical care. They eat Roti that is cooked days ago. The encounter indeed motivated to explore deeper on one’s responsibility for a better tomorrow. Back to the Campus, the group announced a meet-up for those who wants to contribute for the Nation. The group is pleasantly surprised to see 150+ students dropping in, realized the very fact that we are NOT ALONE. The ignited hearts didn’t give up after the passing out of Studies. The graduates who got placed across India in various MNCs continued the Spirit. Each of them identified various initiatives in and around their respective locations and thus, formed Chapters, inspired colleagues, raised funds and started volunteering during weekends. Thus, ‘My India’, a humble passion driven initiative by a group of 6 students evolved as ‘Nirman’ in 2007 as a Registered Society with the motto ‘We Have Only One passion, The Rise of a Great Nation’ and grew multifold, with the financial and moral support of people from various walks of life viz., Philanthropists, Technocrats, Artists, Entrepreneurs, Social Activists, Social Science Experts and last but not least Funding Partners. Close About Us ‘Nirman Group’ is one of well-known group in Maharashtra State, established in 2009 keeping in view the advanced forming and increasing in production can make the farmers happy. Learn More Business Nirman Fertilizers Pvt. Ltd. Nirman Crop Care Pvt. Ltd. Dhara Agro Industries Nirman Multistate Credit Co-Operative Society Nirman Multilateral Foundation Keep in touch Address : At Post Borgaon Manju, Tehsil Borgaon, Near NH-6, Akola, (M.S.), 444001 Phone : +91 9766699134, +91 9765563281 Email : info@nirman.group Website : www.nirman.group Copyright © 2019-2020. Nirman Group & Huda's Technologies. Terms & Conditions Privacy & Security Policy