Retail and Wholesale Coffee Trading - SouthIndianAroma × Home about us Products Contact Us Payment COFFEESIA PRIVATE LIMITED info@southindianaroma.com Phone +91 9880537771 Copyright © 2021 South Indian Aroma – SIA. All Rights Reserved. CoffeeSIA Welcome! everything can happen over a Cup of Coffee. MORE ABOUT US OUR PRODUCTS CoffeeSIA HEALTHY DRINKS RICH AND HEALTHY DRINKS OF AN HERBAL PLANT MORE ABOUT US OUR PRODUCTS Introducing i-BMC: From the makers of COFFEESIA a new customized coffee is getting launched at your finger tip. You visit your nearest i-BMC store and brew your own coffee which suits your mental and physical wellbeing. You decide what is best for you and you brew your coffee from thousands of blends. Welcome COFFEESIA Almost everything can happen over a Cup of Coffee. Coffee is the most preferred beverage on globe. Coffee is considered to be a rich and healthy drink as it contains the seed of an herbal plant unlike a leaf or a portion of the plant. Authentic TASTEFUL Why should one drink Coffee? Great intellectuals take a sip of Coffee to break their mental pressure and trigger their ideas. Hyperactive due to Caffeine How should i drink Coffee? Black Coffee: Roasted and powdered Coffee diluted and served with hot water Filter Coffee: Black Coffee served with Milk (with/without Sugar) Instant Coffee: Crystals or Granules of brewed Coffee served as Black Coffee or Filter Coffee Why doesn’t Coffee consumption, trade/business never fall? Research is underway why raw and processed Coffee is in trading business on par with Petrol which is #1 in the Global Market. How is India known for Coffee? Baba Budan Saheb bought 7 seeds to Chandradhonagiri, SouthIndia all the way from Arab country. A Hilly-station located in a Karnataka district called Chikkamagaluru. These Cofffee seeds were well cultivated as shade-grown plantation surrounded by mountains nearby Western Ghats stretching of India. How is CoffeeSIA superior in Coffee Quality? SIA ensures all the raw green beans are handpicked and sorted from the Chikkamagaluru Coffee estates. All these collected beans are well washed with appropriate moisture, dried, graded, grinded, powdered, packed and then shipped to Coffee Consumers directly. Hence there is less storage time and more nutrients, aroma and longer shelf-life. © 2021 Designed by Webomindapps.