Homepage - Precision Moving Company 617-623-7700 Get a quote Home About us Services Moving Services Local Moving Long Distance Moving Other Services Packing and Unpacking Storage Services Storage Solutions Rates Contact PRECISION MOVING & STORAGE COMPANY COMPETITIVE RATES SECOND TO NONE HEATED AND SECURE STORAGE OPTIONS INDIVIDUAL MOVING SPECIALIST AND PERSONAL ACCOUNT PAGE 1 About us Precision Moving Company Our dedication to our customers is evident from the first contact with our company. From the free estimate we provide, the crew of consummate professionals we send and continuing after the move is completed if our customers need any further assistance, our dedication to customer service is never in doubt. We are here to help, always! We rely on referrals, word of mouth business and great online reviews so we work very hard to earn those. Our reputation is rock solid after 18+ years of consistent customer service and hard work on the job and in our office. Our reviews on Yelp, Google, Angie’s List and the Better Business Bureau show this to be true. However, we never take our reputation for granted. We are constantly striving to improve our service and have dedicated our company to this day to make sure that each and every customer has a 5 star experience. We promise to not only meet but exceed each customers’ expectations. Read more Not sure which solution fits your moving needs? GET A QUOTE MOVING SERVICES OFFERED LOCAL MOVING Precision Moving Company is your premier local moving company in Somerville, MA… Read more LONG DISTANCE MOVING We deliver the best moving experiences and affordable rates to customers across… Read more PACKING SERVICES Precision Moving Company packaged packing deals are great for one and two bedroom… Read more STORAGE SOLUTIONS Our storage vaults are carefully filled to maximize the space available and to ensure… Read more VIEW ALL SERVICES FULLY LICENSED AND INSURED We’ve proudly been in business for over 19 years, helping thousands of individuals & families with their relocation needs. 3 BOOK WITH ONE CLICK. Easy-to-use online management tools. A one-click moving cost calculator An accurate and free moving estimate produced with the latest technology. Simple online reservation A dedicated move coordinator assigned to work closely with you. A minimum of two calls prior to your move to make sure that you are fully prepared. Request Page Interactive account page with detailed information about your move, which lets you to completely manage your upcoming move from the comfort of your house. GET A QUOTE WHAT CLIENTS SAY Some kind words from our treasured customers. J. O., , I recently moved with your Company was very pleased how quickly and carefully they handled my furniture I had a lot of concerns but the foreman on the job answered all my questions I would recommend you to all my friends and family. Jackie V., , Precision Movers were awesome. We had our move handled by Javier, Brian, and Sam, and they were incredibly fast, professional, and easy to work with. They finished the entire move an hour earlier than we expected and budgeted for. If you are mo... Meghan C., , I have used precision a few times now with very positive experiences. Responsive, reliable and each time the crew has been awesome! Would definitely recommend and will use them again if needed. Peter V., , Fast customer service and quick move! No damage was made movers where friendly and hard working. Best Company in townI Thank you! Get A Quote Precision Moving Company was founded in Somerville, Massachusetts in 2004 with one main goal: to form a locally operated moving company that truly cares about our customers. Our team of professional Boston based movers, packers and office staff work extremely hard to deliver the best possible moving experience. Our employees are treated fairly and paid well, with benefits, for the work they do. This is clearly reflected in their professionalism, care and remarkable skill. Contact Us booking@precisionmoving.com 617-623-7700 40 Joy Street Somerville, MA 02143 facebook google plus instagram yelp Copyright Precision Moving Company. All right recived. Company policy Terms & conditions Rules & regulations Powered by Elromco Inc. MENU Home About us Services Moving Services Local Moving Long Distance Moving Other Services Packing and Unpacking Storage Services Storage Solutions Rates Contact