BIFA ● The only official website of Bifa (China) ☻ HomeFruit Wine Information Hawthorn Red Fruit Wine News Red Fruit Wine China Merchants Franchise Condition Franchise Process Franchise Policy Contact Menghe Contact Information Navigation Chinese Simplified HomeFruit wine red fruit wine production base Red fruit wine production base red fruit wine traditional craftsmanship red fruit wine information Hawthorn wine news red fruit wine investment promotion franchise process franchise process franchise policy contact information Zichuan red fruit wine series propHawthorn wine series private custom red fruit wine hawthorn wine series fruit wine series red fruit wine more products., Inherited the history of the State -owned Shandong Zichuan Wine Fruit wine production technology, which has been inherited for more than sixty years.The liquor culture can be continued. The Zichuan red fruit wine is suitable for the people's taste. The best thing is the best. The things of the nation will always belong to the nation.Zichuan Red Fruit Wine was hailed by foreign experts as less than French fruit dew in 1957 and became a foreign guest entertaining wine.In 1981, it was designated as a Zhongnanhai National Banquet for wine, enjoying the reputation of liquor Moutai, fruit wine Zichuan.Red fruit wine is the main product of the company, and the north of the treasure geographical logo products of the treasures of Qingzhou Big Venus is brewed as raw materials.Red fruit wine information news CNTER liquor Moutai, fruit wine Zichuan-Zhongnanhai national banquet Moutai, fruit wine Zichuan., Deng Yingchao and other national leaders highly evaluated.At the same time, this is also a northern selenium capital Zichuan Poya ... 20 2019-06 Shandong Red Fruit Wine —— The seven effects of mulberry wine and seven major production methods of mulberry wine?Mulberry wine is the best in fruit wine. It has the effects of nourishing, nourishing and nourishing blood. Frequent drinking can improve the cold problems of women's hands and feet, amenorrhea and irregular menstruation.Beautiful recommendation of wine | enjoy the busy season without alcohol.These months have begun to indulge the slight sense of fruit wine.After the summer, the fruits are mature, and it is really happy.Today I want to recommend two fruit wines for us. One is the red fruit wine produced by the Yanghe wine industry.The abundant sunlight makes Hawthorn enjoy enough light and grow well. This is a great geographical location!Hawthorn is a peculiar medicine and fruit species in my country.The red fruit wine of the Yanghe uses natural spring water as the raw liquid of the wine.... Zibo Plaid Yanghe Wine Co., Ltd. Email: Panyanghe2019@163.com Contact number: 15552685559 Mr. Song Copyright-1 Close