中欧体育(中国)官方网站 Chinese HOME Products Abouts Solutions NEWs Contact HOME Products Corrugated Paperboard Production Line Printing Slotting Die Cutting Machine Die Cutting Machine Wax Coating Machine Flute Laminating Machine Partition Assembling Machine Stitching Machine Folder Gluer Slitter Scorer Other relative carton machine About Solutions NEWS Contact Qingdao Fullon Richance Industry & Trade Co., Ltd is one professional manufacturer for corrugated paperboard production line,carton machinery and printing machinery industry.The company has its own manufacturing plant which was built in 1997,and during more than 20 years continuously developing and expanding,our products are sold well in more than 20 provinces in China and many foreign countries,such as Italy,Lithuania,Angola,Sri Lanka,USA,India,Argentina,South Africa etc...Fullon Richance has strong technical strength,sophisticated ... VIEW MORE Qingdao Fullon Richance Industry & Trade Co., Ltd is professional manufacturer for corrugated paperboard production line,carton machinery and printing machinery.Started from 1990, more than 30 years development,now we have strong technical strength and more than 100 sets of sophisticated production equipment,such as lathe,milling,planing,boring,etc...We own two manufacturing bases,which have installed the most advanced tungsten carbide corrugated roller manufacturing and repair center,large computer-controlled grinding machine,corrugated roller intermediate frequency quenching furnace,and large cylindrical grinder etc. full set of advanced production processing and testing equipment ... VIEW MORE OEM/ODM 1.If you are looking for OEM/ODM manufactures in this industry; 2.If you need some one that can produce what you want and customized design.Then our OEM/ODM service is for you! Technological Innovation 1. We adhere to scientific and technological progress,pay close attention to the market,continuously develop new products to meet the new requirements of customers. 2. We focus on the development of high-quality products with "high-tech,high-precision,high-efficiency,and low energy consumption" Factory Tour 1. If you would like more information about our company; 2. If you would like to visit China and cooperate with us.Then our Factory Tour service for you! QZD Series Automatic Folder Glu BFY Series Lead Edge Thin Bla WJ Three/Five/Seven Layer Corru SYKM 308/420/600 High Speed Pri MY Series Automatic Flatbed D QS Series Automatic Carton Fo VIEW MORE Domestic customer 2 layer corru High speed single face corrugated paperboard production line composed of shaftless mill roll stand,single face ... VIEW MORE One set automatic feeding wax c Due to the influence of the use and production environment,the moisture-proof of corrugated cardboard has becom... VIEW MORE New domestic order of the paper This paper cutter is an important equipment for cutting non-metallic sheet materials such as carton factories,p... VIEW MORE Address: No.3 Kaicheng Road, Huangdao District, Qingdao, China 266400 Tel: +86 0532-85177000 Fax: +86 0532-85177000 Export Dept 1: Mr.Jack +86 17506392468 JackZhang@qdrichocean.com Export Dept 2: Mr.David +86 13793250018 DavidYang@qdrichocean.com Export Dept 3: Alice Guo +86 18553289253 AliceGuo@qdrichocean.con Products About Solutions NEWs Contact