BCF INDIA : Home Home Who we are Founder Journalists The Facts What we do Our Supporters Our Work Finance Volunteer Success Stories Donate Adopt A Child Contact “OurMissionis toHelp Those WhoNeedIt” “MAKE all the CHILDREN of the World HAPPY” “TOGETHER we can CHANGE Many Young LIVES” “We are changing thousands of Dream into Reality” MakeDonations joinvolunteer Adopta child Successstories Adopt a child in just Rs. 600 per month TrueStory Bcf India one of the best NGO working for poor peoples , opti- mized for 1024X768 res. Read More TheFacts India has more than 40 million children living rough on the streets of its towns and cities. Read More Volunteer We currently have more than 150 volunteers – and we would love more help! Read More Bestower Charitable Foundation was created by Mr Sourav Singh in 2012 to help street children and other marginalised groups in India. More than 40% of Indian children do not go to school. They are either street children – often orphans – or their parents are unemployed and cannot afford to feed them, let along give them a proper education. Here at BCF we look after the parents too, so they don’t send their children begging. Our vision is to help every child in India receive an education. One child at a time. Currently we are working across three areas in northern India: Delhi, UP and Bihar. Since its foundation, we have helped more than 600 street children, giving them food, clothing and access to education and enabling them to enroll at state schools in India under our School chalo project. Running a school named Vidhyapeeth School for destitute children in a village of purnea Bihar. SuccessStoris Sonia ( 12yrs) is from purnea in Bihar state. Her parents didn’t want to send Sonia to Read More Corporate Bcf India one of the best NGO working for poor peoples , opti- mized for 1024X768 res.Read More Donate With increased focus on children's rights, we involve children as active participants ..Read More Bcf India Home Who we are The Facts Volunteer Success Stories Donate Contact Check out our partners - Tower.bet with high low game online