Unity Party of America - Not Right. Not Left. Forward the Future. 0 Skip to Content Home Read UP Link UP! What Unites Us Party Constitution Unity Party Constitution Consitution Philosophy and Format The United National Committee Leadership Timeline Forward Fridays UPcoming Events! Donate! 29 State Parties Unity Party of Alabama Unity Party of Arizona Unity Party of Arkansas Unity Party of California Unity Party of Colorado UP Colorado Constitution Unity Party of Connecticut Unity Party of Florida Unity Party of Georgia Unity Party of Hawaii Unity Party of Idaho Unity Party of Illinois Unity Party of Indiana Unity Party of Iowa Unity Party of Kansas Unity Party of Kentucky Unity Party of Louisiana Unity Party of Maine Unity Party of Maryland Unity Party of Massachusetts Unity Party of Mississippi Unity Party of Missouri Unity Party of Nebraska Unity Party of Nevada Unity Party of New Hampshire Unity Party of New Mexico Unity Party of Tennessee Unity Party of Texas Unity Party of Virginia Unity Party of Wyoming Contact Press Releases Get Started Open Menu Close Menu Home Read UP Link UP! What Unites Us Party Constitution Unity Party Constitution Consitution Philosophy and Format The United National Committee Leadership Timeline Forward Fridays UPcoming Events! Donate! 29 State Parties Unity Party of Alabama Unity Party of Arizona Unity Party of Arkansas Unity Party of California Unity Party of Colorado UP Colorado Constitution Unity Party of Connecticut Unity Party of Florida Unity Party of Georgia Unity Party of Hawaii Unity Party of Idaho Unity Party of Illinois Unity Party of Indiana Unity Party of Iowa Unity Party of Kansas Unity Party of Kentucky Unity Party of Louisiana Unity Party of Maine Unity Party of Maryland Unity Party of Massachusetts Unity Party of Mississippi Unity Party of Missouri Unity Party of Nebraska Unity Party of Nevada Unity Party of New Hampshire Unity Party of New Mexico Unity Party of Tennessee Unity Party of Texas Unity Party of Virginia Unity Party of Wyoming Contact Press Releases Get Started Open Menu Close Menu Home Read UP Link UP! What Unites Us Folder: Party Constitution Back Unity Party Constitution Consitution Philosophy and Format The United National Committee Leadership Timeline Forward Fridays UPcoming Events! Donate! Folder: 29 State Parties Back Unity Party of Alabama Unity Party of Arizona Unity Party of Arkansas Unity Party of California Unity Party of Colorado UP Colorado Constitution Unity Party of Connecticut Unity Party of Florida Unity Party of Georgia Unity Party of Hawaii Unity Party of Idaho Unity Party of Illinois Unity Party of Indiana Unity Party of Iowa Unity Party of Kansas Unity Party of Kentucky Unity Party of Louisiana Unity Party of Maine Unity Party of Maryland Unity Party of Massachusetts Unity Party of Mississippi Unity Party of Missouri Unity Party of Nebraska Unity Party of Nevada Unity Party of New Hampshire Unity Party of New Mexico Unity Party of Tennessee Unity Party of Texas Unity Party of Virginia Unity Party of Wyoming Contact Press Releases Get Started Unity Party of America Not Right. Not Left. Forward. Next Forward Friday: Friday, March 8, 2024 Latest Presidential candidates to throw their hats in the Unity Party ring:Donnie Harold Harris of Indiana and Bill Hammons of Texas! Latest United National Committee Press Release: Unity Party of America Fields First 2024 Presidential Candidates Learn More About the Unity Party of America Prominent Americans Invited to Seek Unity’s 2024 Nomination:(Cheney, Johnson, Kennedy, Manchin, Schwarzenegger, West) Other Unity Party News: Latest Congressional candidate to join the Unity Party movement:Dan Ward of Colorado’s 8th Congressional District (see the 9News coverage)! Our Party Who We the Uniters Are See the Unity Party History and Community page to learn more about the members of the Unity Party of America, who come from all backgrounds and beliefs but most firmly believe in moving forward United! Where We're Coming From The Unity Party was founded in 2004 (on the day after that year’s Presidential election), by perhaps-prescient founders who were dismayed by the direction in which they saw their country going. How We're Moving Forward It’s right there in our slogan (“Not Right. Not Left. Forward.”). We’re not interested in labels, name-calling, and divisive politics. We’re simply interested in helping move this great nation forward, with you at our side. We Uniters are working hard across America to unite our fellow Americans … Join UP! Standing United! More About Our Movement To learn more aboout the origins and views of the Unity Party, see this page. Learn More Follow us on social Name * First Name Last Name Email * Message * Thank you! Contact the Unity PartyFeel free to send us a message, and we’ll get back to you! Header photo credit: King of HeartsProminent American photo credits:Ava Lowry (Manchin), Gage Skidmore (Schwarzenegger), Public Domain (Cheney), Gary Johnson (Johnson), Public Domain (Kennedy), Gage Skidmore (West)(List of Website Images and Credits) The Randolph Congressional District Mapping Project Paid for by the United National Committee. Not authorized by any candidate or candidate’s committee. © Copyright 2023-2024 United National Committee of the Unity Party of AmericaUnited National Committee (Unity Party) Official Website SitemapPrivacy Policy of this official United National Committee websiteImages used on this official United National Committee websiteSearch Engine Optimization (SEO) By Website Expert Bill Hammons