Home - JJFoundation Home About COE CSR Gallery Blogs Careers Contact X Developing Human Capital To address your challenges, to unlock growth opportunities and to prepare your organisation to succeed in the future, J J Foundation is your partner. About us Who are we Discover now Center of Excellence Why partner with us Learn more CSR How we support Read more From our blog by admin January 25, 2023 How AI is Bringing Positive Changes in Education How AI is Bringing Positive Changes in Education. Is Artificial Intelligence (AI) changing the way the education system is handled? We can’t hide tha... Read more by admin January 12, 2023 Advantages of Institutes of Excellence to the Stakeholders by admin January 3, 2023 An Ideal Institute of Excellence is the Need of the Hour TESTIMONIALS “We remain deeply indebted for your kind help and cooperation in mitigating the problems of the elderly in our country.“ Rojibala Thokchom State Head - Delhi NCRHelpAge India “Thank you for your generous contribution for the kids of ‘Scope For Change Learning Center’ during 2022 Diwali & Christmas Celebrations. These funds helped us to make these festivals memorable.” Ramneet Kaur Secretary Scope For Change “We all have the potential for greatness, because we all have the ability to serve. I recently moved to Las Vegas and realized how many people are sleeping in the pavement in this cold weather ….The government clearly couldn’t care less if they died where they stand. Thanks to the help of Prof. Gaganjit Singh and Joyce Vogel, I was able to organize and deliver warm clothes and despite not having a big team of volunteers, we managed to put together 200+ lunches for them!” Read more Luiz Guzman Digital Nomad Austin, Texas, USA “Thanks for your generous contribution on 13th December 2022 for the kids of ‘Scope For Change Learning Center’ for Christmas and New Year celebrations.SFC is involved in learning and …skilling of underprivileged children from slum areas. These funds will be used for distribution of woolen clothes to the children and help us to make their winter comfortable.” Read more Ramneet Kaur Secretary Scope For Change B-11, Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi –110 016. Mobile: +91 98101 57920 / +91 98100 46617 Email: [email protected] Home About COE CSR Gallery Blogs Careers Contact Copyright © JJ Foundation 2022 Search for: Home About COE CSR Gallery Blogs Careers Contact