Home - GM Legal Home Our Firm Our Team Practice Areas Knowledge Center & Updates Contact Us In conventional field, our practice is unconventional In complex world, our advice is precise Who We Are GM® Legal was incorporated with a clear purpose to provide reliable, practical and full legal service to clients, across various sectors. The Firm brought together the practices of Litigation and Non-Litigation under one roof by covering wide ambit in major sectors. We have an accomplished and driven team of lawyers and other professionals committed to delivering best-in-class legal and compliance solutions to help clients achieve their objectives within framework of law. Our greatest strength is an in-depth... Read More Practice Areas Real Estate Intellectual Property Rights Corporate and Commercial Civil Litigation View All Practice Areas Our Team Vikhil Dhoka Co-Founder Dhwani Mehta Co-Founder Knowledge Center Home Our Firm Practice Areas Knowledge Center & Updates Contact Us Copyright © 2023 GM® Legal. All Rights Reserved.Concept, Design & Hosting by Getlegal India Practice Builder Disclaimer We have created this website to provide general information about GM Legal. The main objective of this website is to provide information or disseminate legal updates on laws affecting business, including specific industrial sectors in public interest. The legal updates are not in any way intended to invite or create any lawyer-client relationship nor to be a complete guide or reference on the subject matter it covers. While every effort and care will be taken in publishing legal updates, you are advised not to rely on or act upon the legal update. We encourage you to seek independent legal advice from a legal counsel of your choice. If you act upon or rely upon the legal updates, you agree to do so solely at your risk. As a precondition to browsing the website and the legal updates, you at the threshold unconditionally agree that we are excluded from all direct or indirect damages or losses that you may suffer or incur, whether foreseeable or not. GM Legal possess copyright in the website's content, including legal updates. We may use cookies to improve the usability of the website to help us provide a better user experience and, at the same time, to improve the user experience from time to time. By using our website without changing your privacy settings, you agree to use our cookies. By proceeding further to browse the website and its content, including legal updates published on the website, you acknowledge that you are doing so voluntarily to know more about us and the legal updates posted by us. Moreover, by further browsing the website and its content, you are deemed to have acknowledged that you have read, understood, accepted and bound by the disclaimer. Agree Decline