Home About Us Photos Gallery Best Couples wedding pre wedding Maternity baby shoot bridesmaid Videos Gallery Services Wedding Costomizable Palns Pre Wedding Contact Us Bhubaneswar Kolkota Review Us 😀 DS Fotography - Best Wedding Photographers in Bhubaneswar Welcome to DS Fotograpghy Experience most unique and Best Photography, aimed to serve you the best and capture your special moments of yours and your loved ones in Odisha. 01. Bridal & Wedding 02. Couples & Engagement 03. Family & Children See All 175180 Photoshoots 472 Cups of Coffee 23 Awards Won About Me Brought up in Bhubaneswar, I have been shooting life’s most wonderful minutes in the Big Apple and past for over 10 years. My affection for this city and the mixture of differing societies drives my enthusiasm for shooting wedding festivities of different types. I have been included in esteemed print article distributions, for example, The Hinustan Times and Sophisticated Weddings. My work can be seen on my facebook and insta pages or in this website, While Odisha will dependably remain as a cherished memory to me, I have voyage everywhere throughout the Odisha for wedding Photoshoots. I have shot in some of the most phenomenal festivals and occasions and weddings. More About Me Welcome to the best platform for Photography - D S Fotography Looking for a caring, economic, passionate and creative photographers in Bhubaneswar? It's us ! See Gallery Best Couples See Gallery wedding See Gallery pre wedding See Gallery Maternity See Gallery baby shoot See Gallery bridesmaid Some of our Best Couples We specialize in wedding photography and also love photographing couples and families See Images See Images See Images See Images See Images See Images See Images See Images See Images See Images See Images Featured Wedding Be a part of D S Fotographys's professional and elite level wedding and pre-wedding photoshoot, which will give you an exotic cinematic experience. Check All Videos SOME OF THE BEST PHOTOS We cover all kinds of photoshoots. Here are some highlights ! *Images Shown in the website are only for demonstrative purpose with less clarity to optimize faster loading of the website. Testimonials and Reviews Thanks for capturing this. It was an amazing experience working with the entire team of DS Fotography. Would highly recommend them.. Siddharth & Shambhavi Highly recommended. Price is reasonable compared to others. You will get satisfied with the qualify of work as well as the service provided by the team. The team is really really amazing. One of the best photography team in market. Cheers ? Smruti Paramita Dandpat Best team in town to capture ur special moments forever....highly recommend. Pooja thapa Wow we are both blown away, these photos are beautiful. Thank you so much for capturing our wedding day. We love our photos and how you’ve captured every precious moment of our ceremony in detail. We can’t thank you enough. It was wonderful to meet you, you have left a lasting memory with us. Thanking once again to D S Fotograpghy. Take care and regards, Subhra & Prateek Oh my goodness, we received our photos!!!!!? From the bottom of our hearts we would like to say the biggest THANK YOU!!! They are BEAUTIFUL, BREATHTAKING and everything we could have ever dreamed of. Debasish you captured the raw emotion in our eyes, the natural moments of pure bliss plus all the magic in between. We have no idea how we are going to chose our photos for the album!!! We are so incredibly grateful to have had you photograph our wedding and we thank you once again for your amazing artistry, you are one talented man! It was such a pleasure to have you a part of our special day. Rajesh & Laxmi Popular Posts subhransu & subhasmita pre wedding Smruti and Shibam Deepasana & Aiswarya pre wedding Tags Wedding Best Couples Maternity Bride's Mate Categories Best Couples Wedding Pre-Wedding Maternity Baby Shoot Bride's Mate Get in Touch D S Fotograpghy Plot num. 2950, Garrage Chowk Lewis Road, Old Town, BBSR-2 Phone: +91 95832 22255 Email: info@dsfotography.com debasissahani16@gmail.com Elsewhere Learn More About Us Wedding Shoot Pre-Wedding Shoot Need Help? Support Terms and Conditions Contact Us © 2021-22 D S Fotography | All rights reserved. | Designed By Techlab World