Department of Business and Private Law Home About Programme Goals Staff Contact Kwara State University Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law Get Started Kwara State University Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law Get Started Kwara State University Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law Get Started About The Department MISSION / VISION STATEMENT Mission To be a fulcrum of a knowledge-driven society, building human competency and fostering determination through the instrumentality of modern technology. Vision To be the foremost institution in expanding the frontiers of knowledge and innovation. Brief History of the Department The Senate of the Kwara State University, Malete (KWASU) first approved the establishment of the Faculty of Law and the commencement of two undergraduate programmes by the faculty in 2018. The programmes are LL.B Common Law and LL.B Common and Islamic Law. Accordingly, the Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law was established as one of the three pioneer departments established to run the two Law programmes. The Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law, at inception, started with seven academic staff, including one full Professor and an Associate Professor. Today, the Department has two Full Professor, one Associate Professor, one Senior Lecturer, two Lecturers I and one Lecturer II as shown in the staff profile on this Departmental website. Programme HEAD OF DEPARTMENT'S WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to the website of the Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law, Faculty of Law, Kwara State University, Malete, and the Green University for Community Development and Entrepreneurship. On this website, you will find information about the department and its programmes as well as the profile of each academic staff member. The history as well as the vision, mission and goals of the department can also be found on this site. I hope that we have been able to provide you with sufficient information necessary to attend to your inquiries about the Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law of the Faculty of Law, Kwara State University, Malete. On behalf of the Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law and its members, I welcome you once again to the Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law, and I wish you a rewarding experience as you tour our website. Professor Yahya Duro Uthman Hambali Head of Department PROGRAMME: The Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law runs the following programmes: LL.B. Common Law LL.M. (Specialised programme) LL.M. (General) and Ph.D. ACHIEVEMENTS: In the few years of existence, the Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law has successfully carried out the following academic and community service programmes: Successful training of three sets of LL.B Common Law graduates. Successful outcome of the National Universities Commission (NUC) Resource Verification and full Accreditation exercises of the LL.B Common Law programme. Successful outcome of the Council of Legal Education Accreditation exercise. First KWASU Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law Mentorship and Book Donation Outreach (Students of Ogbondoroko Community Secondary School, C & S Secondary School, Laduba, and Community Secondary School, Budo-Agun Oja were students were mentored and presented with some relevant textbooks). Sensitisation of female students on sexual harassment and feminity on campus in the programme titled ‘Girl Talk Series’ put together by the Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law, Faculty of Law, Kwara State University in conjunction with the Centre for Nollywood and New Media in Africa (CiNNeMA) and Ejason Foundation. First KWASU Community Free Legal Services Week, April 2019. Goals GOALS The aims and objectives of our Common Law programme in the Faculty of Law, Kwara State University, Malete (KWASU Law) are to: Enable students to assume broader responsibilities in the rapidly changing environment. Provide knowledge and elevated thought processes required for the understanding and practical analysis of legal problems. Encourage the production of legal experts/researchers who will be equipped with relevant ICT knowledge and skills that drive legal research. Provide the basis, in particular through the undertaking of the dissertation, for the development of critical analytical skills and application of academic knowledge for further research. Enable the Law products to assume broader responsibilities in rapidly changing local, national and global environments. OUR STAFF Prof. Yahya Duro Uthman Hambali Head of Department Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law Email:yahya.hambali@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-0802-309-9865 Khafayat Yetunde Olatinwo Senior Lecturer Email:khafayat.olatinwo@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-0803-922-1906 Halimat Tope Akaje Lecturer I Email:halimat.akaje@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+234-0806-215-8623 Shuaib, Oniye Esq Lecturer I Email:shuaib.oniye@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-0703-737-7554 Abdulfatai Abdulkareem Lecturer II Email:abdulfatai.abdulkareem@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-0816-539-8196 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law, Faculty of Law , Kwara State University, Malete. P.M.B. 1513, Ilorin Tel: +234-0802-309-9865 Email: yahya.hambalie@kwasu.edu.ng . Head of Department, Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law Prof. Yahya Duro Uthman Hambali Tel: +234-0802-309-9865 Email: yahya.hambal@kwasu.edu.ng Senior Lecturer Dr. Khafayat Yetunde Olatinwo Tel:+234-0803-922-1906 Email: khafayat.olatinwo@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Romawibet Rajavigor Rajavigor Gacor4d Dewaslot88 Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/