MPT Group – Accountants and Advisors – Integration, Innovation, Ambition Who We Are Services Accounting & Tax Compliance Business Advisory Corporate Tax Advisory Start-up Services Management Advisory Advisory Board Services Capital Raising Debt Advisory Wealth & Risk Management Our Team Journal Contact Us Payments No menu assigned! Integration. Innovation. Ambition. At MPT Group, our clients are our primary focus. By embracing technology, we work hand in hand with you to provide integrated and innovative solutions, so that you can realise your financial ambitions. We immerse ourselves in your world. Who We Are Why MPT Group?Our MissionHow We Help MPT Group Accountants & Advisors is an evolving, progressive accounting firm, providing innovative digital solutions. We provide a diverse range of accounting, taxation and business advisory services to our clients, ranging from high net-worth individuals, small-to-medium enterprises (SMEs) and large private company groups, to not-for-profit entities and local subsidiaries of international groups. At MPT Group, we take a holistic approach to our clients’ affairs, coupled with a cloud-based service offering, in order to provide genuine value to our clients. Technology is rapidly and continuously changing the way we do business and the way we, as advisors, interact with our clients. It is imperative that we remain nimble in the provision of our services, ensuring we are capable of providing consistent value to our clients, now and into the future. Whether you’re a start-up or more mature enterprise, our passionate, skilled and proactive team are here to help you realise your goals. As our clients’ businesses have grown, so too has our own. We measure our success by the strength of our long-standing client relationships. Our services are driven by the needs and wants of our clients; critical to the success of our relationships is that we are accessible as and when required, providing the constant benefit of our extensive expertise. Established in 1991, MPT Group is a boutique accounting and business advisory firm, situated in the heart of Williamstown and Melbourne’s CBD. Our clients operate in a broad range of industries, including but not limited to: Construction and property development Real estate services Medical clinics and practitioners Security services Transport and logistics Import/Export Manufacturing Legal practices and practitioners Architects and engineers Technology professionals Foreign investors & High Net Worth Families “We as accountants have the privilege of being the trusted advisor to our clients. We must reward this trust by ensuring that we add value with every interaction we have with our client”. George Pakis – Managing Partner Here at MPT Group our mission statement is simple; to deliver unmatched value to our clients. We do so by: Providing a personalised experience; Ensuring the continuous provision of high quality advice; Being proactive; and Using the latest cloud technologies. We aim to guide and mentor our clients to maximise their wealth by providing advice on all facets of their financial affairs, while maintaining and building lifelong relationships. By specialising in Small to Medium Enterprises and High Net Wealth Individuals, we focus on providing unrivalled advice and make it our goal to understand our clients’ needs down to the most meticulous detail. “Our people are our most important asset”. George Pakis – Managing Partner MPT Group is leading a new era by redefining the way we deliver accounting and tax services to our clients and their businesses. In offering our services using cloud technologies, real-time data capture and analysis is possible, enabling us to proactively assist clients in making informed strategic decisions based on meaningful information. We work with businesses of all sizes, from sole traders to large private companies, to help with both the financial and operational aspects of their business. We understand that just as no two businesses are the same, so too must our advice be tailored to individual client needs. We work with each and every client to design a service which matches their requirements and budget. Our broad range of services includes: Accounting & Tax Compliance Cloud Accounting Capital Raising Corporate Tax Advisory Advisory Board Services Debt Advisory Grants & Tax Incentives Management Advisory Outsourced CFO & Back-office Services Start-up Services Transaction & Restructuring Wealth & Risk Management Services Accounting & Tax Compliance If you’re like most business owners, the accounting and tax compliance side of business is something you must do rather… Read More Business Advisory At MPT Group, we relish working with Small to Medium Enterprises (SME), working shoulder to shoulder with… Read More Corporate Tax Advisory At MPT Group, we offer state-of-the-art ideas and a fresh perspective on all facets of tax. We work closely with our clients… Read More Start-up Services Our passion is working closely with people – nowhere is this more evident than when working with new businesses. We have… Read More Management Advisory Our Management Advisory services are designed to give you an additional voice – an experienced, strategic voice – to… Read More Advisory Board Services As businesses grow, oversight and governance become increasingly important. The executive team plays… Read More Capital Raising We, at MPT Group, strengthen and support our clients with debt re-structuring, traditional financing and start-up venture… Read More Debt Advisory As your business and investment goals evolve over time, so too do your funding requirements. Our team can assist in… Read More Wealth & Risk Management For many people, their business is their biggest asset. The financial returns generated through running your business… Read More Our Team George PakisCEO/Founder & Managing Director Penny PakisChief Operating Officer & Chief Digital Officer Tom ScalzoSenior Accountant & Client Manager Achille SinniSenior Accountant & Client Manager Miles PakisSenior Accountant & Client Manager Dario CimboraSenior Accountant & Client Manager Emily Pakis-VelianisPractice Manager & Head of Performance/Culture & Marketing Jana RaptodimosJunior Administrator Tommy PakisDesign Specialist Mariella PunsalanAccountant - Offshore Don (Spiridon) MossBusiness Advisory Specialist Peter PrvuljFinancial Advisor & MPT Wealth Director Tom GamerasLending Advisory Director Nick GamerasLending Advisory Director Journal View All MPT Group 0 0 Business Growth August 14, 2023 MPT Group Acquires Liddell Weight Services We are thrilled to announce that we have acquired Liddell Weight Services (LWS) – a highly-regarded accounting firm headquartered in South Melbourne with over 40 years of experience. The decision…Read More Chase Goucher 0 0 Federal Budget April 13, 2022 Federal Budget 2022-23 Despite the recent turbulence of significant natural disasters, ongoing COVID-19 challenges, supply-chain restraints and subsequent labour market concerns, it is commendable that many Australians and Australian businesses have continued to…Read More Chase Goucher 0 0 AccountingSpecialist Tax April 13, 2022 Section 100a and the impact on discretionary family trusts On 23 February 2022, the ATO released long-awaited guidance on the application and operation of Section 100A ‘reimbursement agreements’ in Draft Taxation Ruling TR 2022/D1 and Practical Compliance Guideline PCG…Read More View All Contact Us If you would like to further discuss how MPT Group can cater to your ambitions we’d love to hear from you. Feel free to contact us via phone or email. Our Office Level 1, 85 Douglas Parade Williamstown VIC 3016 T. +613 9397 6888 E. [email protected] If you would like to further discuss how MPT Group can cater to your ambitions we’d love to hear from you. Feel free to contact us via phone or email. Williamstown Level 1, 85 Douglas Parade Williamstown VIC 3016 T. +613 9397 6888 E. [email protected] © 2017 MPT Group. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Site by Adcore Creative Who We Are Services Accounting & Tax Compliance Business Advisory Corporate Tax Advisory Start-up Services Management Advisory Advisory Board Services Capital Raising Debt Advisory Wealth & Risk Management Our Team Journal Contact Us Payments © 2017 MPT Group Jana Raptodimos Administrator Jana is a third-year university student completing a double degree in Law and Criminology. She brings an insatiable appetite for learning, passion for all things related to taxation, strong attention to detail and positive energy to our culture. A self-confessed foodie, Jana enjoys splitting her leisure time between the beach, socialising with friends and exercising. With the longer term in mind, Jana actively accumulates human capital as she knows she wants to be involved in professional services upon graduating and we have marvelled at her growth thus far. Qualifications Bachelor of Law & Bachelor of Criminology (Victoria University) – In Progress Penny Pakis Chief Operating Officer & Chief Digital Officer Penny is MPT Group’s Chief Operating & Chief Digital Officer, working closely with the Executive Team across all aspects of the business to drive new levels of growth and success. Penny’s key responsibilities include overseeing the firm’s operations, streamlining management and creating efficiencies. With a Masters in Business Administration (MBA) and extensive background in business that includes operations, project management, human resources, B2B marketing, financial and strategic management expertise, Penny is a significant asset to the firm. Penny specialises in digital systems and processes, brand management and business development strategies. She is proactively involved with developing the firm’s culture, brand and identity, marketing strategies, and acts as a conduit between clients and staff. Penny’s commitment to continual improvement sees her constantly exploring new ways to service our clients, improve efficiency and adopt technology in to our day to day operation. She has also advised clients in a similar capacity and been a significant contributor to their growth, implementing systems to allow owners to focus on strategic rather than operational issues. Penny is well known for her strong business acumen and ability to deliver solution-based outcomes. Positive by nature, she encourages new ideas from all levels of staff, and is more than willing to get involved at ground level. Areas of Expertise Strategic Business Management Operations and Process Solutions Change Management and Transformation Leadership and Development Strategic HR Management Performance and Compensation Management Project Management B2B Marketing and Brand Management Financial Management and Reporting Cloud Software Solutions Qualifications Masters in Business Administration (MBA) Diploma of Accounting Diploma of Business (Enterprise) George Pakis CEO/Founder & Managing Director George has been the CEO/Founder and Managing Director of a successful private practice for over 25 years, George’s clients benefit from his experience not only as an accountant and business advisor, but as a business owner. George has a genuine passion in helping his clients grow and prosper. It is his role as a business owner that has afforded him a deep understanding of the commercial issues confronting his clients on a daily basis. Clients see these insights as vital to their own growth, and a perfect complement to the sound technical advice George also provides. George helps his client make big decisions about taking the next strategic step forward. George is the key driver of MPT’s holistic full-service offering, where his expert skills and capabilities are always accessible to his clients. He enjoys connecting with clients on a personal level, growing together with them as a trusted and loyal business partner. George has developed a diverse client base in his time at MPT, with key clients in industries such as: Construction and Property Development Real Estate Services Medical clinics and practitioners Legal practices and practitioners Transport & Logistics Technology SME’s & Start ups Importers & Exporters Foreign investors & High Net Wealth Families A committed family man, George counts among his most challenging yet rewarding experiences the successful juggle of business and family, while also studying and completing his Masters of Taxation. Areas of Expertise Taxation Advisory Business Advisory International Tax Estate Planning Debt Advisory Structuring Advice Asset Protection Succession Planning Qualifications Bachelor of Commerce Masters of Taxation Certified Practicing Accountant Chartered Tax Advisor Fellow of Institute of Public Accountants Fellow of Institute of Financial Accountants Governance Institute of Australia Member Registered Tax Agent Don (Spiridon) Moss Business Advisory Specialist Don is an entrepreneur at heart who has plied his craft at top-tier corporate law firms in Hong Kong and Melbourne, working on complex transactions and IPOs. He has established his own education and advisory businesses in China whilst leveraging his background in funds and investment management. Innovative in many ways, he has spent the last decade on the cutting edge of finance by becoming intimately acquainted with Bitcoin. His palpable passion for and deep understanding of the world’s newest asset class enables MPT to provide both unique education and practical business solutions to its clients. A Mandarin speaker who has travelled to faraway places such as Uzbekistan, Don never stops learning and can be found studying quantum physics one day and reading Dostoevsky the next. He has played sports such as soccer and tennis his entire life and is a long-suffering Carlton Blues fanatic. Don received his Bachelor of Laws (with Honours), Bachelor of Biomedical Science and Diploma in Languages (Chinese) from Monash University and his Graduate Diploma of Legal Practice from the Australian National University. Tommy Pakis Design Specialist Tommy is the youngest of our Managing Director/Founder, George, and Chief Operating Officer, Penny. He has had a real aptitude for all things design since an early age, showing enthusiasm in anything where his creative mind could thrive. Allowing his passion to be his career driver, Tommy has undergone his Bachelor and Master of Architecture degrees at Monash University and now practices as a full-time Graduate Architect at Kneeler Design Architects. During his studies and professional architectural life, Tommy has worked directly with Director, George, Chief Operating Officer, Penny and staff members, in order to help rebrand MPT, with a fresh and design flared presence. He has been responsible for: Creating MPT’s new company logo Developing and expanding the MPT website Manufacturing MPT client book designs Designing and creating both Industry and Client Profiles Redesigning of company office layout Tommy continually assists in all design related tasks here at MPT, wherever and whenever they come about. Outside of work Tommy enjoys keeping fit, going to the beach (a lot), cooking and spending every spare moment he can being in the sun and with his family and friends. Qualifications Bachelor of Architectural Design (BArch) – Monash University Master of Architecture (MArch) – Monash University Achille Sinni Senior Accountant & Client Manager Achille brings a wealth of experience and skills to MPT having worked in Boutique Accounting Firms for the past 20 years. His client portfolio encompasses professionals, executives, business owners and self-funded retirees. He has a passionate and caring nature, establishing lasting relationships based on trust, mutual respect, patience and technical excellence. His very caring and loyal approach creates a formula for great success in forging strong relationships with his clients. Achille is a very solid technical senior accountant who goes above and beyond for his clients. He has a never say no approach and will always strive to provide pro-active advice to solve day-to-day issues for his clients. Achille specialises in business advisory, taxation and superannuation. Outside of the office, Achille enjoys spending time with his family including his two daughters, he is a very passionate Kangaroos supporter in the AFL and a very competent golfer playing every Saturday. Peter Prvulj Financial Advisor & MPT Wealth Director Peter Prvulj CFP® is the Managing Director and Senior Financial Planner at PROSPA Financial Pty Ltd. He commenced his financial planning career at National Mutual (now a part of AMP) and moved on to start his own financial planning practice, Peter Prvulj & Associates Pty Ltd in 1985. Whilst a strategic decision saw a change to the business name in November 2007 to Prospa Financial Pty Ltd, the focus has always been on the needs of his clients, which has assisted to build a successful financial planning business. Peter specialises in investment planning including gearing, personal risk protection, transition to retirement strategies, self-managed superannuation funds and retirement planning. Peter is as an Authorised Representative of Advice Evolution Pty Ltd. Peter has completed the Diploma of Financial Planning through Deakin University and holds the CFP® designation which represents the highest professional certification that can be awarded to a financial planner internationally. Peter was nominated for the prestigious AFA Adviser of the Year award for 2009. He was admitted to the PIS Platinum Club in 2008 and has qualified as a member of the Million Dollar Round Table numerous times. Peter is an avid Hawks supporter and loves his soccer. He enjoys travelling and his favourite places are France, Spain, Greece and Italy. Qualifications Diploma of Financial Planning Certified Financial Planner Nick Gameras Lending Advisory Director Nick is a passionate professional with over 20 years experience in the commercial and finance sectors. More recently, he has successfully run a small business for 7+ years. This experience has provided Nick with expertise and an intricate knowledge of the opportunities and challenges that individuals and businesses constantly face. Nick is focused on helping others achieve their goals, and with his excellent communication skills, exceptional customer service and professionalism, Nick’s approach is to become a partner to those he deals with and help them put in place plans and strategies that will help them achieve their ultimate goals. Nick is married with 2 teenage children, enjoys travelling, socializing and all sports. Nick coaches a National Premier League junior football(soccer) team and follows the mighty Tigers in the AFL. Qualifications Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting) Bachelor of Business (Management) Diploma of Finance and Mortgage Broking Management Tom Gameras Lending Advisory Director With more than 25 years in the Banking and Finance Industry, spanning two major financial institutes and senior roles in Credit and Business Banking, Tom is a highly respected and successful professional. With unparalleled experience, covering all sectors from residential, private and commercial his wealth of experience will always put the customer first and offer the appropriate advice and structure to help them achieve the right outcome. His integrity and passion for success will go above and beyond to exceed expectations and drive personal and business growth. On a personal level he is married with 3 children, passionate about his footy team – the mighty tigers, loves to carve up the golf course – literally, and is still actively involved both playing and coaching football (the world game). He also holds a professional coaching qualification, the FFA/AFC – A Licence. Qualifications Master of Business Administration (MBA) Bachelor of Business (Accounting) Executive Certificate in Strategic Business Acumen Diploma of Finance and Mortgage Broking Management Mariella Punsalan Accountant – Offshore Mariella (Ella) earned her Bachelor’s degree in Accounting in 2011. She jumpstarted her career as an accountant for the largest multi-brand company in the Philippines. In 2014, she secured a position as a support staff for an accounting firm based in Queensland. This paved the way for greater opportunities and her current employment with MPT Group has given her the skills and tools to be a valuable team member. Ella enjoys singing at karaoke, feeding stray animals, and supporting fundraising for children. Her passion and compassion have enabled her to understand the needs of our onshore team and deliver efficient support. Qualifications Bachelor of Accounting Dario Cimbora Senior Accountant & Client Manager Dario brings a wealth of knowledge and skills to his clients at MPT, having held diverse roles in his 20+ years in the profession. It is this breadth of experience that has equipped him with the ability to identify and analyse problems from different perspectives. Dario’s career began in Canberra, where he worked primarily in the field of audit & assurance. His clients ranged from sporting clubs and credit unions, to foreign-owned companies. Moving to Melbourne he continued his work as an auditor before stepping into business advisory roles with mid-tier firms in St Kilda Road and Melbourne CBD, gaining invaluable experience working closely with larger client groups. As a Senior Client Manager in our Business Advisory team, Dario enjoys being the first point of call for many of his clients. With a keen eye for detail, he provides straight-forward and easy-to-understand ideas and solutions to all client issues, large or small. He specialises in understanding the needs of clients such as: Builders and property developers Transport & logistics operators High net wealth individuals & family groups Qualifications Bachelor of Commerce in Accounting Certified Practicing Accountant Miles Pakis Senior Accountant & Client Manager Miles is the eldest son of our Managing Partner/Founder, George, and Chief Operations Officer, Penny. He has always taken great pride in being of assistance to other people, and understands that through being there for people in times of need, as well as providing effective outcomes, builds relationships that will stand the test of time. Miles has a Bachelor of Business (Accountancy) with Distinction at RMIT and is currently completing the CPA program. He endeavours to be a well-rounded person, capable of dealing with any situation that he finds himself in with poise and integrity. Miles spent five years working part-time at Portfolio Law as a Paralegal during his tertiary studies, developing tools and layers of commercial acumen not many accountants are exposed to. His time at Portfolio Law gave him a wider understanding of the commercial world, the benefits of which he will be able to pass onto clients. From his first job coaching under 9’s football at Hawthorn Citz Junior Football Club, to his current employment at MPT Group, Miles endeavours to get the best out of people, ensuring they leave his presence knowing and trusting that he will do his utmost to satisfy, if not exceed, their expectations. Miles enjoys playing golf, supporting his beloved Western Bulldogs, good food (loves eating!) and spending quality time with family and friends. His professional focus is on being an effective and efficient business advisor, and extensive knowledge of taxation and the laws surrounding the domestic framework, aimed at finding practicable strategies and solutions that can be implemented to meet the business and personal goals of his clients. Qualifications Bachelor of Business (Accounting) at RMIT with Distinction Graduate Diploma in Applied Tax (In progress) Emily Pakis-Velianis Practice Manager & Head of Performance/Culture & Marketing Emily is the only daughter of our Managing Director/Founder, George, and Chief Operating Officer, Penny. She began her journey in the field of Nursing/Midwifery, with a profound passion for working with, and empowering people. Emily completed her Bachelor of Nursing and Bachelor of Midwifery at Deakin University with Distinction and was awarded a Golden Key Honours Society Membership, as well as an Award for Excellence in the Midwifery Program. Emily is currently embarking on a Masters of Human Resource Management at Deakin University. Her journey in Midwifery was diverted for health reasons, so she has decided to pursue a career in HR, a career path that meets her people-focused needs. Emily’s innate communication, organisation and people skills, that have seen her exceed in her early career, transfer into the field of HR and into our organisation. Emily embraces innovation and is instinctively creative. Her primary goal at MPT is to expand our Marketing and HR departments and build a framework for sustained internal growth. Qualifications Bachelor of Nursing with Distinction Bachelor of Midwifery with Distinction Masters of Human Resource Management (In Progress) Tom Scalzo Senior Accountant & Client Manager Tom has honed his craft assisting and advising mid-sized businesses for 7 years at mid-tier firm Grant Thornton. Tom brings a client first mentality to his work and believes that getting to know your clients and their businesses involves more than simply reviewing numbers on a page. Tom has had experience working with business in a variety of industries including professional services, logistics, manufacturing and food and beverage. As well as advising clients on their business endeavours, Tom thrives in sharing in the challenges and successes on their personal journeys bringing a strong background in family office services and management of high net wealth family groups. Tom has a passion for all things tax and has extensive experience ensuring his clients are compliant with Division 7A and in more recent times assisted them in navigating the tricky Significant Global Entity landscape. Outside of his work, Tom loves to cook, play any and every sport and is a Richmond Tiger tragic. Qualifications Bachelor of Commerce – Accounting and Finance (Monash) Certified Chartered Accountant (CAANZ)