brajbhoomi HOME OUR PROJECTS ON-GOING Keshav Majestic COMPLETED UP-COMING PHASE 3-STUDIO MAJESTIC AVENUE MAJESTIC ENCLAVE CURRENT AFFAIRS CARRIER ABOUT US CONTACT US Add listing let us find your homeWe’ll Build Your Perfect Home With Our Experience CONTACT NOW 0 + Year of experience 0 + PROJECTS 0 + Happy Customers 0 + FUTURE PROJECTS A Brief About Us Braj Bhoomi Builtech Pvt. Ltd.(Vrindavan)is ardent and determined on providing such a sense of pleasure by providing tangible formations that conform to Gem’s character and nature. We believe that buildings should be constructed on the stronger foundation of faith and commitments. We Offer villas, row houses, super luxury apartments, luxury apartments and semi-luxury Apartments.The company stepped on the path to glory in 2015, as the leading builder and developer of properties in Vrindavan.The team members of Braj Bhoomi have a strong track record of completing projects on time and ensuring high level of customer satisfaction. Read More Featured PropertiesDiscover Our Latest Projects keshav Majestic Completed Projects keshav Majestic On- Going Projects keshav Majestic Future Projects Our Strength Our Values Our beloved clients talk about the quality of life, standard of living and the fascinating amenities of residential bliss, found only at keshav majestic Developers. It also plays a vital function in determining the value of the property. Our Quality Quality construction is essential to secure client satisfaction, and it’s the foundation of any successful real estate ground plan. Construction of a structure is a complex process that requires complete professionals, quality accoutrements , and attention to detail. It ensures that the structure is structurally sound, safe, and durable. Our Trust Property Valuation is an important element of the real estate market that seems to be underestimated for as long as we can remember. It involves determining the monetary worth of a property, considering various factors such as location, size, condition, market trends, and comparable sales in the area. "TRUST IS JUST ONE OF THE THINGS WE BUILT WELL" Why Brajbhoomi? Awarded Designs BEST QUALITY CONVENIENT LOCATION INOVATIVE CONSTRUCTIONS MODEREN TECHNOLOGY CUSTOMER SATISFACTIONS Quality Products 24x7 Supports Quick Overview of Keshav MajesticSpread across 10 acres, the Keshav Majestic is situated in one of the holy places. Surrounded with greenery, positivity and peace, the society is an ideal place for all the devotees and peace and nature lovers. Designed to offer affordable housing in Vrindavan, the society offers residential plots that are available in 50 sq-yrd and 100 sq-yrd. These residential plots are spacious and set amidst the land where the Hindu deity Krishna has spent his childhood. VIEW MORE Why Vrindavan Our oasis of spirituality & serenity Wake up to the sound of temple bells and the imprint of lord Krishna. Escape from the material jungle of cities and find solace in Vrindavan. Stepped in traditions and far from pollution. Vrindavan is well connected to Delhi\Agra, making this temple town an ideal retreat. Vrindavan is a major religious destination for the devotee across the globe. It have 5000 old and modern temples and The presence of several “Ghats” along the Yamuna with beautiful temple makes it a good Holiday Destinations as well, attracting about 60 lakhs pilgrims every month. Vrindavan is synonymous with innocent child like playfulness of Shri Krishna. Today Vrindavan is fast developing holy city with coming up to projects like international Airport\theme parks. testimonialsWhat Our Clients Say I had the pleasure of experiencing brajbhoomi firsthand, and I must say it exceeded all my expectations. From the moment I set foot in this development, I was impressed by the attention to detail and the overall quality of the brajbhoomi project Advocate ummid Singh Khurja The location is perfect, offering convenience and accessibility to all the amenities one could desire. Whether it's proximity to schools, shopping centers, parks, or the Temple, Brajbhoomi checks all the boxes for a convenient and comfortable lifestyle. Mr Lalit Agrawal C.A Bombay One of the standout features of Brajbhoomi is its commitment to sustainability and eco-friendliness. It's evident that the developers have made a conscious effort to incorporate green technologies and eco-conscious design principles. Smt Sanju Bansal Agra The design and architecture of the development are truly remarkable. The layout of the properties is well thought out, and the use of space is efficient and practical. Ravindra Gautam Indian army The location is perfect, offering convenience and accessibility to all the amenities one could desire. Whether it's proximity to schools, shopping centers, parks, or the Temple, Brajbhoomi checks all the boxes for a convenient and comfortable lifestyle. Mr chandresh Singh Sengar Kanpur QUICK INQUIRY If You Have Any Questions? We Are Glad to Consult You as Soon as Possible Brajbhoomi Group Braj Bhoomi Builtech Pvt. Ltd. (Vrindavan) is dedicated to crafting delightful, character-aligned structures. We prioritize faith, commitment, and offer villas, row houses, super luxury, luxury, and semi-luxury apartments. USEFUL LINKS Keshav Majestic Current Affairs About Us Contact Us USEFUL LINKS FAQs Disclaimer Careers Privacy Policy get in touch Email: info@brajbhoomi.net Custmore Care : +91-8101050505 ADD: VIP Sunrakh Road, Near Indian Public School, Vrindavan, India, Uttar Pradesh COPYRIGHT © 2023. brajbhoomiGROUP HOLDINGS PVT LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Log in Register × Log In Don’t have an account yet? Sign up for free Username or email address Password Remember me Lost password Login Forgot your password? Don’t have an account yet? Sign up for free Get new password Back to Login Sign Up Already have an account? Log in Username Email I agree with your Terms & Conditions Register Compare Send HOME OUR PROJECTS ON-GOING Keshav Majestic COMPLETED UP-COMING PHASE 3-STUDIO MAJESTIC AVENUE MAJESTIC ENCLAVE CURRENT AFFAIRS CARRIER ABOUT US CONTACT US