RPS Academy :: Home Rock, Paper, Scissors The effortless way to lead and influence at work If you’re a leader or manager in any type of organisation you’ve almost certainly asked yourself: ‘Why, when I have a talented and capable team to support me, do I still have problems achieving the results I want? And why, when I ask my people to do something, do they not always do it how I like and by the schedule I’ve set? Surely it shouldn’t be this hard.’ The answer is, it doesn’t have to be when you use ‘Rock, Paper, Scissors’ to inform your leadership style. Rock, Paper, Scissors is a leadership and management framework based on rapid personality profiling. Its uniqueness lies in how quickly, easily, and simply it works so you can mobilise your people without delay. It allows you to tap into the secret of how to motivate others so they bring their best selves to their work, with the result that you have a team that delivers what it’s been tasked with at the right time and in the right way. Because when you’re in a pressured work situation, as we all are today, you often haven’t the time to complete complicated profiling tools such as Myers Briggs with their 16 personality types. Rock, Paper, Scissors works quickly and simply as a short-term problem-solver, helping you make effective decisions on the fly so everyone can generate positive results and enjoy their work at the same time. WILL JACOBS Will is the brain behind RPS. Developing this fast, agile and effective framework came out of a crisis and has been refined over two-decades of producing fantastic results. A leader himself, he has a passion for cultivating enduring relationships and securing strategic partnerships to achieve outstanding outcomes. To him, this comes as part of creating a cultural environment in which transparency, capability, and individual personalities are key. Will Jacobs FRED LENNOX Fred is the strategist helping to bring RPS to as broad of an audience as possible. Learning RPS from Will nearly 10 years ago and seeing time and again first-hand the power Rock, Paper, Scissors, Fred is now bringing his training in psychology and his background of building high performance teams to answer the question of how RPS can work for you and your company. Fred Lennox 1/21 Latest Blogs Our teams are ready to adapt, are we? Adaptability is the future of work... #resultsmatter #rockpaperscissor #rockpaperscissor #leadership https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/our-teams-ready-adapt-we-fred-lennox How RPS can Enhance Emotional Intelligence Help, I need somebody How to get unstuck… # #resultsmatter #addingvalue #leader https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/help-i-need-somebody-fred-lennox Staying Connected Fancy playing cards? #resultsmatter #rockpaperscissor #leader https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/staying-connected-fred-lennox Finding Joy How do you find Joy? https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/finding-joy-fred-lennox « Previous 1234567 Next » CONTACT info@rps.academy RPS Academy Facebookpage Enter your email Just to keep you posted! Your email * Please type the letters and numbers shown in the image. Click the image to see another captcha.