Home - Hotel Makhan Residency Close Home About Us Rooms Banquet Hall Restaurant Contact Us Book Now 9815712743 Home About Us Rooms Banquet Hall Restaurant Contact Us Book Now Home About Us Rooms Banquet Hall Restaurant Contact Us Book Now Welcome To Hotel Makhan Residency Plan the journey of your dreams Are you dreaming of a place to stay? We are here! Create Memorable Moments With Us More Then You expected Required fields are followed by * Check-in * Check-out * Hotel Makhan Residency Since 2015 (A Unit Of Makhan Fish Since 1962) Redefines the luxury hospitality experience. Exceptional Service, Integrity, Respect, Teamwork & Passion, Continuous Improvement Our hotel offers you a variety of accommodation ranging from standard rooms to suites that will suite every budget. We welcome you to have an exciting experience at our exquisitely designed rooms. They offer an exceptional combination of function and style.Rooms are well furnished with expensive touches, spacious bathrooms, LCD screens, good mattress and high-quality sheets. Wedding & Social Events Makhan Banquet Hall is located in Majitha Road, Amritsar, Madan Hospital. There are 2 halls centralize A/C with nice decor, which can accommodate upto 300 & 120 people’s Respectively. We also have plentiful free valet parking available indoor and outdoor. Our kitchen facilities cater for all types of food and menus. We can accommodate various events including Weddings, Sagan, Ring Ceremony, Birthday Party, Baby Shower, business lunches and all kind of family events.Our facilities provide all the services you need. We offer a wide variety of equipment to assist you through any function. Our policy for catering is open and that too without royalty for all caterers whichever you like.Impress your corporate partners, guests, relatives and family members with delicious catered lunches at meetings, symposiums and workshops. Banquet menu features an array of savory dishes from around the world. The decorative desserts always impress our guests.Discover the wide range of amenities we have to offer clients. We would be happy to speak with you about your event and what your specific needs are. View more Rooms & Suits Suite Room Luxury Accommodation For Every Kind Of Guest Book Now Deluxe Room Luxury Accommodation For Every Kind Of Guest Book Now Super Deluxe Room Luxury Accommodation For Every Kind Of Guest Book Now Your Dream Day Love, laughter and happily ever after Gourmet cuisine, sculpted details and magnificent interiors provide the perfect setting for your wedding, reception or both. We guarantee nothing less than perfection. Our venue transforms into the space that best reflects your style and needs. Our specialists are well-equipped to handle any celebration with perfection.We help in coordinating all aspects of corporate events, weddings and private functions. With our modern, elegant and spacious banquet, we create a perfect celebratory ambience for all the previous occasions.We help couples organise their wedding; a unique day to enjoy with family and friends that involves hours of preparation and work. We enjoy sharing experiences with a lot of brides and grooms, we get excited with their stories and help them with their wedding planningOur well-trained staff takes pride in offering personalised service to each of our guests. Our services have been thoughtfully crafted considering the highest standard of comfort and convenience.We welcome you to Hotel Makhan Residency.A place where life is celebrated with love, tender and care. Offers With Rooms Free Breakfast Included 10% for advancedbooking 15% for nonrefundable booking Get the latest offers Sign up for our newsletter By clicking on “Sign up” , you agree to receive updates about exclusive experiences, events and new destination launches from Makhan Fish And Chicken Corner. You also consent to the use of pix tags to measure open, click through and read rates and allow us to enhance the content based on your interests. To receive updates about exclusive experiences, events, new destinations and more, please enter your details below. Fields marked * are mandatory First Name* Last Name* Your Email* Country/Region* About As one of the Amritsar’s most iconic 4-star hotel, Hotel makhan Residency is simply the place to be in Amritsar. Follow : Facebook-f Twitter Pinterest Tripadvisor Instagram Explore Home About Us Rooms Banquet Hall Explore Blog Contact us Career Contact Us 0183-5170240, 98157-12741, 98091-23451 hotelmakhanresidency@gmail.com 22A, Near Madaan Hospital Makhan Chowk, Majitha Road, Amritsar, Punjab 143001 Copyright 2021 Developed By 4waydial Loading... Loading...