Al-Qadus Welcome to Al-Qadus Construction Company Phone : 042-35390245, 0300-5524553, 0300-8486553 Home About us Services Projects Contact us Home About us Services Projects Contact us we are the best Construction Company We focus on your plans and lead them to develop the best for you. We are PEC registered company with expert team. Our WorkContact we Build Your Dream We are professional squad, creative and experts of engineering domain to provide best services. Our success lies in our customers satisfaction. Our WorkContact About Us We are the Construction & Renovation Specialist Decades of Experience We are united to provide exceptional construction and building layout services. The aim of Al-Qadus is to create value in every project and to make it unique that our customers and partners would love. We deliver unmatchable construction services with quality material. 200+ ENGINEERS + STAFF 150+ HAPPY CLIENTS 50+ PROJECT LOCATION 200+ PROJECT COMPLETED What We Offers Civil Work is our Core service the reason of our existence. Al-Qadus has its unique presence in the field of civil engineering. Civil Work Best Building design is always product of creative and experienced mind. Our building designs are state of the art that community would love. Design & Buildings We are experts of planning, designing and managing MEP systems. MEP systems are responsible for creating comfort for any structure. MEP Our team is specialized in designing and producing Prefeb houses or buildings. Prefeb is also our core service. Pre-Feb Engineering Best planners to give eye catching colour contrasts and quality matertial during tiling and paint phase. Tiling & Paint The beauty lies in the inner soul. We always bring excellent interior designing service for our customers. Try Us! Interior Works Our Best Work Our Best Work Warehouse Khan Brothers Click More Ware House for Khan Brothers With Material Contract at Plot No.36c Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More Warehouse Nikhas Textile PVT LTD Click More Warehouse Nikhas Textile PVT LTD At Plot No.644-645 Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More Warehouse + Boundary Wall Precision Products Enterprises Click More Project Three Warehouse + Boundary Wall Precision Products Enterprises With Material Contract at Plot No. 544-E Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More WareHouse Engineering Services PVT LTD Click More WareHouse Engineering Services PVT LTD Labour Rate Contract at Plot No.446 Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More Zeta Pharmaceutical PVT LTD Click More Zeta Pharmaceutical PVT LTD Building Labour Rate Contract at Plot No.494-A Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More Cunningham Pharmaceutical PVT LTD Click More Cunningham Pharmaceutical PVT LTD Main Building Labour Rate Contract at Plot No.81 Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More Warehouse Main Building for Insta Gas Enterprises Click More Warehouse Main Building for Insta Gas Enterprises With Material Contract at Farooq Industrial Area Anam Road Gajumata Ferozpur Road Lahore. Click More Main Building for Factory Click More Main Building for Factory Main Building for Factory at 21-KM Main Sheikhupura Road Lahore. Click More Residential Building for Al-Qadus Construction Click More Residential Building for Al-Qadus Construction Company Gulberag Colony Raiwind Distt. Lahore. Click More Building Factory National Tent House Click More Building Factory National Tent House Main Building for factory at National Tent House 45-KM Main Ferozpur Road Lahore. Click More Warehouse Standard carpets PVT LTD Click More Warehouse Standard Carpets PVT LTD With Material Contract at Plot No.376 Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More Shayan Heights Pvt Ltd with Material Contract Click More Heights Pvt Ltd with Material Contract Bhai kot Main Sundar Road, Sunder Industrial Estate Raiwind Road Lahore. Click More We are united to provide exceptionl construction and building layout services. The aim of Al-Qadus is to create value in every project and to make it unique that our customers and partners would love. We deliver unmatchable costruction services with quality material. Working Hours info@alqadus.com 042-35390245 0300-5524553 0300-8486553 Brothers Market Near Ijtama Chowk Sundar Road, Raiwind Lahore Copyrights 2020. All Rights are Reserved by Al-Qadus Home About us Services Projects Contact us