F Q International HOT JOBS For Instant JOB Alerts ! POST YOUR RESUME call us 24/7 +91 (0484) 4045700 email us gulfcv.fq@gmail.com Menu Home ABOUT Us Jobs Services Our Team Clients contact us Welcome to the F Q International delivering the quality job for you Contact info Register F Q International qualified Manpower consultant our services Achieve the highest result F Q International read more Best Residential & commercial Services Welcome to F Q international we are professional & reliable our prices are affordable ABOUT US We are one of the leading players in the field of recruitment of skilled and non-skilled personnel, especially to middle est. countries. Our aim is to give potential candidates to the abroad employers and help the job seekers to find proper job. OUR SERVICE FQ International was thus incorporated in 1998. The chief objective being promoting employment of Indian manpower in foreign countries. And also make sure each candidates get good working conditions and proper salary their. At the same time assure. Hot Jobs MECHANICAL SUPERVISOR Location : KUWAIT RIGGING FOREMAN Location : KUWAIT HYDRO JETTER Location : KUWAIT More Many reasons to choose FQ Services for your next task Quality Service, You never experienced before read more OUR Services Promoting Employment of Indian Manpower in Foriegn Countries FQ is to help the interested job seekers of the country especially semi-skilled, skilled and professionally trained persons in securing overseas employment in foreign countries. Emigration Ticketing FQ offers the most competitive prices coupled with personalized service and instant confirmations on all sectors in a variety of Airlines be it International and thus successfully has built up a vast customer profile ranging from Business Corporate to Individual. Migration Migration is the movement of people from one place in the world to another for the purpose of taking up permanent or semipermanent residence, usually across a political boundary. Tour Operating FQ provides information, pricing, availability, & international air travel, hotel bookings, holiday packages. We offer a host of travel services designed to make business and leisure travel easier. F Q International We are committed to becoming your long term trusted consulting partner. Our priority is not provide professional services and HR solutions but to become your HR vendor dedicated to meet your needs today and support your growing business needs tomorrow. Our aim is to earn client’s trust and confidence through personal attention, passion for what we do and commitment to long term relationship. Mission • To provide end to end recruitment solutions. • To grow as one of the most preferred HR Consulting Company in India. • To be identified as the most preferred destination for Executive search across India and to grow as the most reliable Human Resource Provider by enriching the exposure of the people and lead them to the competitive edge of global arena. Vision request a consult Just Fill-in the form below and one of our representative will get in touch with you as soon as possible. consult extra Features Immediate Response Established since 1998, we are the No.1 company! MANPOWER CONSULTANTS Approved By Govt. of India. Ministry of Labour. International & Commercial Promoting Employment of Indian Manpower in Foriegn Countries Call us now For instant Support, assistance - Call +91 (484) 4045700 Hacker Blog Hack Haber We are one of the leading players in the field of recruitment of skilled and non-skilled personnel, especially to middle est. countries. Our aim is to give potential candidates to the abroad employers and help the job seekers to find proper job. quick links About Us For Instant JOB Alerts Hot Jobs Services Our team Clients Contact Us Company Login recent posts MECHANICAL SUPERVISOR Kuwait RIGGING FOREMAN Lebanon HYDRO JETTER Kuwait Contact info ADDRESS Approved By Govt. of India. Ministry of Labour, Reg. No. : 3190/KER/PER/300/3/5266/99, Ist Floor, Aiswarya Building, Valanjambalam, Kochi , Kerala, S. India., Pin- 682 016 call us 24/7 +91 0484 - 4045700 email us gulfcv.fq@gmail.com opening Hours Mon to Fri - 9am to 6pm newsletter SUBSCRIBE © 2016 fqmanpower All rights reserved. | Powered by ESPINA Hacker Blog Hack Haber