New York Personal Injury Lawyers | Jacoby & Meyers, LLP Skip to content Call our NY or NJ locations now for a free case evaluation! 1-877-565-2993 Legal Services Car Accidents Bronx Car AccidentBrooklyn Car AccidentManhattan Car AccidentQueens Car AccidentStaten Island Car Accident Bicycle AccidentsPedestrian AccidentsScooter AccidentsTrucking Accidents Bronx Truck AccidentBrooklyn Truck AccidentManhattan Truck AccidentQueens Truck AccidentStaten Island Truck Accident Construction AccidentsNursing Home Neglect Bronx Nursing HomeBrooklyn Nursing HomeManhattan Nursing HomeQueens Nursing HomeStaten Island Nursing Home All Practice Areas Locations Bronx Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Brooklyn Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Manhattan Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Queens Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Staten Island Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident East Meadow Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident All Locations About Us AttorneysTestimonialsCommunityAreas We ServeIn the News Resources Access Your File HereReview UsArticles & BrochuresClient Resources Case ResultsBlogCareersContact Us Legal Services Car Accidents Bronx Car AccidentBrooklyn Car AccidentManhattan Car AccidentQueens Car AccidentStaten Island Car Accident Bicycle AccidentsPedestrian AccidentsScooter AccidentsTrucking Accidents Bronx Truck AccidentBrooklyn Truck AccidentManhattan Truck AccidentQueens Truck AccidentStaten Island Truck Accident Construction AccidentsNursing Home Neglect Bronx Nursing HomeBrooklyn Nursing HomeManhattan Nursing HomeQueens Nursing HomeStaten Island Nursing Home All Practice Areas Locations Bronx Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Brooklyn Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Manhattan Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Queens Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentPedestrian Accident Staten Island Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident East Meadow Car AccidentTruck AccidentMotorcycle AccidentBicycle AccidentPedestrian Accident All Locations About Us AttorneysTestimonialsCommunityAreas We ServeIn the News Resources Access Your File HereReview UsArticles & BrochuresClient Resources Case ResultsBlogCareersContact Us 1-877-565-2993 Serious Results. Read About Some of Our Recent Verdicts and Settlements *Birth Medical Malpractice, Doctor Fails to Perform Timely C-Section$8.3 Million Dollar Settlement*Bike Crash With Garbage Truck in Brooklyn $6.35 Million Dollar Settlement*Fatal Injuries Caused by Runaway School Bus in Brooklyn$5.7 Million Dollar Jury Award*One of the Largest Verdicts Against a Nursing Home in New York State$5 Million Dollar Verdict*Multiple Vehicle Crash on Van Wyck Expressway$5 Million Dollar Settlement*Infant Badly Burned, Building Owner Held Accountable for Unsafe Conditions$4.2 Million Dollar Settlement Free Case Evaluation Name* First Last Phone (10 digit)* Email City* State* Zip Code* Review*Consent* Yes, I have read the disclaimer*CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Serious Results. Read About Some of Our Recent Verdicts and Settlements *Birth Medical Malpractice, Doctor Fails to Perform Timely C-Section$8.3 Million Dollar Settlement*Bike Crash With Garbage Truck in Brooklyn $6.35 Million Dollar Settlement*Fatal Injuries Caused by Runaway School Bus in Brooklyn$5.7 Million Dollar Jury Award*One of the Largest Verdicts Against a Nursing Home in New York State$5 Million Dollar Verdict*Multiple Vehicle Crash on Van Wyck Expressway$5 Million Dollar Settlement*Infant Badly Burned, Building Owner Held Accountable for Unsafe Conditions$4.2 Million Dollar Settlement Free Case Evaluation Name* First Last Phone (10 digit)* Email City* State* Zip Code* Review*Consent* Yes, I have read the disclaimer*CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ New York Personal Injury Lawyers NO FEE UNLESS WE WIN Jacoby & Meyers is the tri-state area’s leading full-service law firm. We’ll evaluate your case or legal matter for free and ensure you receive high quality legal assistance. CLIENT FEEDBACK "I came to Jacoby and Meyers after being struck down by a vehicle. I found them to be honest, competent and a very good choice for such an experience. They went as far as they could to recover damages." - Paula C. Read More Can we mail you a free copy of Andrew Finkelstein's book?Please provide us with your address! request a free copy ATTENTION TEE SEEKERS: Due to the overwhelming response to our free tee offer, we are no longer able to fulfill requests. We are grateful for your interest, and suggest you check back to the website in a few weeks. Thank you and our sincere apologies, your friends at J&M Types of Cases We Handle Personal Injury Jacoby and Meyers has been winning serious injury lawsuits for over 40 years. Learn More Nursing Home Abuse Elderly residents suffering from abuse or neglect are often deprived of basic needs... Learn More Car Accidents Being involved in a motor vehicle accident is overwhelming. Learn More Construction Accidents Construction workers face a greater risk of work-related injuries or death than other types of employees. Learn More Brain Injury Brain / vascular accidents often cause severe chronic pain and various other ailments... Learn More Truck Accidents Truck accidents can be devastating to the victim and his or her family. Learn More Locations Bronx BROOKLYN East meadow Manhattan staten island queens edison, NJ newark All Locations Honors, Awards & Partners Suffering an injury in an accident that wasn’t your fault is devastating. Suddenly, your life is turned upside down and you are the one left picking up the pieces. Even worse, insurance companies rarely care about your needs after an accident. They simply want to pay you as little as they can, so they can close your case quickly. When this happens, you need a New York personal injury lawyer on your side who can fight for you and your rights after an accident. New Yorkers need someone on their team that they trust and that understands the issues they face. They need a law firm that understands that someone injured while crossing the street near Yankee Stadium needs a different type of legal representation than someone who was hit by a semi-truck on Interstate 90 in Albany. They need a law firm that knows New York law and the hurdles injured New York accident victims face from the start. Why Choose Us? At Jacoby & Meyers, LLP, our New York personal injury lawyers are New Yorkers first and foremost. For nearly 50 years, injured New York accident survivors have trusted our law firm to help them in their darkest hours. We offer compassionate, straightforward legal guidance across New York, and we do this because we believe that all accident survivors deserve justice. For this reason, we offer free initial consultations and reviews to all injured New York accident survivors. We also take all our cases on a contingency basis. That means you do not pay us unless we can collect money for you. This is just one of the many reasons why we are one of New York’s largest personal injury firms and why so many injured accident survivors chose us to represent them. Another reason why they choose us: While Jacoby & Meyers, LLP, has grown tremendously, it has done so because we take the time to get to know our clients and listen to their stories so we can fully understand the pain and suffering you’re dealing with. We stay in touch with our clients and keep them apprised of any progress we make in their cases. We treat our clients like people who need our help, not case files—unlike the insurance companies that will try to delay, deny, and reduce the payments our clients need to overcome their injuries. Our firm’s extensive experience in negotiating, settling, and litigating personal injury cases has led to the recovery of tens of millions of dollars for our clients. What Is My Case Worth? When you suffer an injury, the first thing on your mind is your recovery. However, recovering from an accident injury takes a considerable amount of money. Getting quality medical care is expensive and recovering from an injury can quickly exhaust New York personal insurance protection (PIP) policies. As such, accident survivors often want to know how much compensation they can receive if they choose to file a personal injury lawsuit. The answer depends largely on the type and severity of your injury, as well as the long-term effect and complications you will suffer. At Jacoby & Meyers, LLP, we can work with your medical team to determine the full extent of your injuries. We want to understand how your injuries will affect your future. Will they affect your career and your ability to provide for your family? Will they make it difficult to return to an active lifestyle or take care of your daily needs? Our New York personal injury lawyers then work aggressively to build a case that is designed to maximize your compensation. So what is your case worth? It is worth significantly more with us in your corner. Insurance companies are less likely to play hardball when they realize you have legal representation. Simply hiring us to represent you sends a clear message to the insurance companies and their adjusters: You have a team on your side that isn’t afraid to fight for what you deserve. When another party causes you harm, you shouldn’t have to shoulder the financial burden that comes in the wake of an injury. New York law permits you to seek compensation for damages against allegedly liable parties. If you receive compensation from a settlement or verdict in favor of the plaintiff, it won’t undo your injury, but it can help alleviate some of the emotional and financial stress you might be experiencing. If you suffer an injury in an accident in New York and you believe another person or entity is to blame, we want to fight for you. Come sit down or meet with us virtually and tell us your story. We can help you examine your legal options and offer your guidance even from your hospital bed. Call us today at 1-877-487-5268 or fill out our confidential contact form. What Types of Personal Injury Cases Do We Handle? Personal injury law is a broad practice area and an umbrella to all kinds of accidents. At Jacoby & Meyers, LLP, our New York personal injury attorneys have represented numerous accident survivors, including those injured in: Car accidents: According to the Insurance Information Institute, 36,560 people died as a result of motor vehicle accidents in the United States in one recent year. While this number represents a 4.1 decrease in car accident fatalities, car accidents remain one of the leading causes of accidental death and injury. Common causes of car accidents include speeding, alcohol impairment, distracted driving, fatigue, following too closely, and failure to yield the right-of-way. Types of car accidents include rear-end accidents, head on collisions, sideswipe, T-bone crashes, and rollover accidents. Construction accidents: The construction industry accounts for about 20 percent of all fatal accidents in the workplace. Excluding transportation accidents, the leading causes of construction fatalities and injuries include falls, which account for 40 percent of all construction accidents; workers getting struck by an object, accounting for 8 percent; electrocutions, accounting for 7 percent; and getting caught in or between machines or objects, 5 percent. These leading causes of death and injury are referred to as construction’s “fatal four.” Motorcycle accidents: Without the protective features found on vehicles, such as steel frames, seat belts, and airbags, motorcycles present hazards to their riders. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) reports that there were nearly 5,000 fatalities associated with motorcycle accidents in one recent year. Riders involved in accidents face severe injuries including head injuries, spinal cord injuries, broken bones, and road rash. Nursing home abuse and neglect: People all across the nation entrust the care of their elderly and disabled loved ones to the care of nursing homes. Unfortunately, abuse and neglect sometimes occur at the hands of negligent staff and facilities who fail to use an abundance of caution when hiring and training staff. Abuse may include physical, sexual, emotional, or financial, or neglect. Red flags for possible nursing home abuse and neglect include unexplained injuries, sudden changes in your loved one’s behavior, reluctance of staff to allow you to be alone with your loved one, an unkempt appearance—including soiled clothing, a dirty or poorly maintained facility, obvious signs of over-medication or under-medication, bedsores, signs of restraint such as bruises on the wrists or ankles, and unexplained withdrawals from the elderly person’s bank account. Pedestrian accidents: Every 88 minutes a pedestrian dies in a traffic accident in the United States. In one recent year, pedestrians made up 16 percent of all traffic-related fatalities. Pedestrians are most commonly involved in accidents during the evening hours of 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. and the nighttime hours of 9 p.m. to midnight. Some of the situations that may lead to pedestrian accidents include not being visible to motorists, distractions, motorists making left turns, or motorists who fail to look for pedestrians before pulling into or backing out of driveways and parking lots. Slip, trip, and fall accidents: Falls are the leading cause of death for older Americans. Slip, trip, and fall accidents are the most common premises liability claims. Property owners—including private residences, businesses, and agencies tasked with maintaining public buildings and lands—are required to ensure that their property is free of hazards that can cause injuries to their guests. Some of the common causes of this type of accident includes improperly designed staircases, broken handrails, loose flooring materials, water or debris on the floor, and potholes in parking lots. Truck accidents: Weighing 20 to 30 times more than a passenger car, commercial trucks pose hazards to other drivers including a longer distance required to come to a safe stop, wide turns, significant blind spots on all four sides, high ground clearance which increases the likelihood of a smaller vehicle sliding beneath the truck during an accident, and a high ground clearance which increases the risk of a rollover. Rideshare accidents: Rideshares are a growing phenomenon in the U.S. However, along with the increased reliance on rideshares, the accident rate in the cities in which they operate has increased as well. One of the chief causes of this, as revealed in a study, is “deadheading,” which is the act of a rideshare driver driving around waiting for a ride. There is also concern that the app rideshare drivers use to accept rides poses a dangerous driving distraction. Product liability accidents: Manufacturers and distributors of products such as food, drugs, clothing, toys, and auto parts are legally required to ensure that their products are properly labeled and that they are safe when used as directed. Subway and train accidents: Relying on public transport shouldn’t require travelers to risk their lives. However, accidents on public transport can and do happen, and when they do, the operators and the transit agencies they work for may be found liable. We Help Injured New York Accident Survivors The type of injury you suffer will have a significant impact on your overall quality of life, your well-being, and your future. It will also affect your case and your ability to collect compensation. Our New York personal injury lawyers have helped accident survivors just like you. We work to understand your injuries specifically and how they will affect your life. After all, no two injuries are ever quite the same. That is why we take the time to work with your healthcare team and medical experts to evaluate your injuries and your future. Our law firm has experience representing accident survivors in New York who suffered from many different types of injuries, including: Head and neck injuries Brain injuries Concussions Spinal cord injuries Whiplash Fractures Back injuries Soft tissue injuries Shoulder and knee injuries Catastrophic injuries Amputation Burns Disfigurement Internal organ damage How Can I Help My New York Personal Injury Case? After an accident, you may find that you do not know where to do next. Fortunately, there are many ways you can help your case from the start. As soon as you can, call an experienced New York personal injury lawyer at Jacoby & Meyers, LLP. Our lawyers will need to begin building your case, and this takes time. From the start, we can track down eyewitnesses, visit the accident scene, take pictures of the wreckage, and gather evidence. We know what needs to be done to successfully negotiate and litigate your case, and we can do all this while you focus on what truly matters—your recovery. How can you help your case? You can help your case achieve a successful outcome by following all of your doctor’s orders and treatment plans. Attend all therapy sessions and keep receipts for all medical expenses and prescription costs. Keep detailed notes of your progress and of your setbacks. These records can help us when establishing your injuries and how they have affected your life. New York Personal Injury FAQ From the beating heart of New York City to the placid hills and beauty upstate, there are plenty of things to see and do in New York. Unfortunately, there are also plenty of ways to get injured in the Empire State that can leave you struggling physically, emotionally, and financially. If you have suffered an injury in New York as a result of someone else’s careless or reckless actions, you likely have a lot of questions about your legal rights to compensation. Below we answer some common questions our clients ask us about personal injury and how a lawyer can help them get the money they need. For answers to specific questions about an injury you have suffered because of someone’s dangerous decision or actions, contact a skilled personal injury lawyer at Jacoby & Meyers, LLP, for a free consultation. Frequently Asked Questions: What Is Personal Injury Law Personal injury law is an area of civil law in which an individual was injured in an incident caused by careless, reckless, or intentional behavior exhibited by someone else. This area of the law focuses on establishing liability in the accident and awarding compensation for injury related expenses, including: Medical expenses such as ambulance transport, emergency department services, surgery, hospitalization, medication, rehabilitation, and the provision of mobility assistance such as wheelchairs or crutches. Future medical expenses in cases involving ongoing treatment or permanent disability. Repair or replacement of property that was damaged in the accident, such as a vehicle damaged in a car accident. Other out-of-pocket expenses, including the provision of home modifications to accommodate the injured individual or the cost of renting a car or taking a taxi to attend medical appointments. Lost wages due to being too injured to work or missing work for medical treatment. Loss of future earning capacity in cases involving injuries that are so severe that the injured individual is unable to continue doing the same type of work as he or she did before the accident and is forced to take a lower-paying job, or the person’s injuries result in permanent disability, rendering him or her unable to work at all. Non-economic expenses to compensate the injured individual for the emotional toll that the injury has on his or her life, such as pain and suffering, or loss of enjoyment of life. To obtain compensation for expenses that are due to an accident that resulted in injury, the injured person (plaintiff) must establish liability on the part of the at-fault party (defendant). This is done by proving that: The defendant owed the plaintiff a duty of care. This duty of care depends on the type of accident involved. In car accidents, the duty of care would likely be to drive a motor vehicle safely and lawfully. In medical malpractice cases, the duty of care would be to provide the level of care that a reasonably prudent doctor would in similar circumstances. In premises liability cases, the duty of care would be to keep one’s property safe from hazards that may cause injury to guests. There was a breach in the duty of care. Again, the breach is dependent on the case, but this is the negligent or intentional behavior that placed the plaintiff in danger of experiencing an injury. The breach led to the accident, which resulted in the plaintiff acquiring an injury and resultant expenses. Upon establishing legal liability for the accident, the plaintiff’s personal injury lawyer will attempt to obtain compensation for his or her client by either negotiating a settlement with the defendant’s insurance carrier or by pursuing a court judgment. What Does a Personal Injury Lawyer Do? A personal injury lawyer provides your best chance for obtaining fair compensation for your injuries. Not only does a personal injury lawyer provide you with guidance as to the legal options that are available to you, but they can provide other services as well, including: Establishing a value to the case based on the expenses you face and the impact your injuries have had on your life. Examining your case to determine all potentially liable parties and insurance resources. The use of experts such as those knowledgeable in accident reconstruction and medical professionals with experience in treating the type of injuries you sustained to strengthen your case. Skilled negotiation with the goal to obtain the highest settlement possible in your case. The timely filing of a personal injury lawsuit if a fair settlement is not offered. Aggressive representation in court, including the pre-trial, trial, and post-trial phases. Assistance in collecting your award or settlement. How to Hire a Personal Injury Lawyer If you need a personal injury lawyer, you can find one by asking a trusted friend or acquaintance for recommendations, or you can conduct an internet search. Ensure that the lawyer you’re interested in hiring is licensed to practice in your state, and check to make sure that he or she has not been subject to any disciplinary actions by checking with your state bar. Many states provide databases with this information that is accessible online. Carefully read the postings about the lawyer on review sites, and peruse the lawyer’s website to read what he or she has posted about representing victims of accidents like yours. Many New York personal injury lawyers will provide a free consultation for prospective clients. This is a time for you to share with the attorney the details of your case as well as to ask any legal questions you may have. It is also a job interview of sorts, in which you can decide if you’re comfortable with this lawyer representing you. You should prepare questions to ask during this consultation. After you’ve attended one or more meetings and have decided which lawyer you want to hire to represent you, the lawyer will likely provide documents for you to sign outlining important information such as the payment of fees and the scope of services to be provided. Be sure that you read these documents and understand them fully before signing. If you have any questions about what the document states, be sure to ask the lawyer. Some questions you will want to ask include: How much experience do you have with representing cases like mine? Do you normally handle cases like this? How many cases have you obtained a settlement for? What is the highest settlement you have negotiated? How many cases have you litigated? Have you won any awards or honors? Are you a member of any legal organizations? Who will be working on my case? Will you be the attorney who represents me? Who is my contact with your firm and how will communication be handled? What are the strengths and weaknesses of my case? What are your fees and how are you paid? What case-related costs am I responsible for? How many cases do you represent at a time, and how much time do you have for my case? What is my case worth? What is my role in the lawsuit? Do you have any referrals from past clients that you can provide to me? Asking for referrals from a personal injury attorney you’re considering hiring to represent you isn’t any more unusual or awkward as an employer asking a potential employee for referrals. Most attorneys expect to be asked to furnish referrals to prospective clients. Just what is personal injury law in New York, anyway? Personal injury is an area of legal practice that focuses on obtaining compensation for people who have sustained injuries because of someone else’s wrongful decision or actions. A New York personal injury lawyer represents injured people in the process of seeking that compensation from anyone who did them harm. Your New York personal injury lawyer’s job is to serve the injured clients’ best interests, which usually involves taking legal action in and out of court to obtain the most money possible for the clients. How do personal injuries happen in New York? New Yorkers can sustain serious injuries anytime, anywhere, in any number of circumstances caused by someone else’s wrongdoing. New York personal injury lawyers represent clients who have gotten hurt in a wide variety of scenarios. Some common ones include: Motor vehicle accidents involving passenger cars, commercial trucks, rideshares (Uber and Lyft), taxis, public buses or train systems, motorcycles, electric scooters, bicycles, pedestrians, watercraft, or aircraft. Dangerous incidents on construction sites, including falls, building collapses, and electrocutions, that injure workers or bystanders. Use of defective goods and products (kitchen appliances, toys, automobiles, medicines, etc.) that lead to serious injury. Falls, drownings, and other harmful, preventable incidents on someone else’s property. Professional malpractice, especially medical errors by doctors, nurses, and other healthcare workers. Nursing home neglect and abuse. These are just a few of the types of incidents that can harm New Yorkers. No matter how you suffered your personal injury, an experienced lawyer can assist in obtaining the compensation you need and deserve. Who owes me compensation for my New York personal injury? Generally speaking, in New York, anyone whose unreasonably dangerous decisions or actions caused the incident that injured you may owe you money as damages. All New Yorkers owe each other what lawyers call a duty of care. What that means is that we all must take reasonable care not to put other people in harm’s way. Anyone who violates that basic duty, even if by mistake, owes damages to anyone their actions harm. What constitutes reasonable care depends on the situation. Drivers have a duty of care not to speed, ignore stoplights, and road rage, for example, because any of those actions could put someone else in danger of an accident. Property owners have a duty of care to warn visitors about dangerous conditions on their properties, like a hole in the stairs or a slick tile floor, that could cause a visitor to slip and fall. Doctors and nurses have a duty of care to provide a minimum quality of healthcare services to patients. Talking to an experienced personal injury lawyer is the most reliable way to identify who breached a duty of care to you, and caused your injury as a result. What kind of damages can I recover in a New York personal injury lawsuit? Every personal injury claim is different, so there are no guarantees about what kind of damages you might recover. However, as a general matter, in New York, people injured because of someone else’s wrongful actions can take legal action to obtain what lawyers refer to as economic and non-economic damages. Economic damages refer to out-of-pocket expenses that result from a personal injury. They often include: Current and future costs of medical treatment; Current and future non-medical costs resulting from the injury; Lost current and future income; and Costs of repairing or replacing damaged property. Non-economic damages refer to negative impacts a New York personal injury has on the victim’s life. These impacts do not come with a price tag attached to them, but they still deserve compensation. They include: Physical pain and suffering; Emotional distress; Loss of the enjoyment of life; and The trauma of living with disfigurement or disability. Sometimes, personal injury victims in New York also have the right to receive punitive (also called exemplary) damages, which aim to punish the person who harmed the victim, and to deter future wrongful action. Talk to a skilled New York personal injury lawyer today to learn about what compensation you might receive for your injuries. What is the average New York personal injury claim worth? There is no average amount of money a personal injury claimant can expect to receive. Every case is different. Factors that can affect the size of a personal injury claim include: How much money the parties who owe compensation have available to pay the victim with, usually through insurance or their own assets. The severity of the injury. Severe injuries usually result in higher medical expenses as well as greater impacts on a person’s life. The victim’s age and state of health at the time of the injury. The victim’s income at the time of the injury, and the impact of the injury on the victim’s ability to earn an income in the future. The victim’s personal financial circumstances; that is, whether the victim needs money now, or has the staying power to hold out for the best possible outcome to a legal claim. Contact an experienced New York personal injury lawyer at Jacoby & Meyers, LLP, today to discuss the factors that might influence the size of your personal injury claim. How much time do I have to take legal action for my personal injury in New York? In most New York personal injury cases, not nearly as much as you might think. A law known as the statute of limitations sets the amount of time you have to in which to take legal action for your injury. In New York, you generally must file a lawsuit seeking damages for your personal injury within three years of the date of the injury. However, lots of exceptions can apply to that time limit that either shortens or lengthens it. Calculating the time you actually have can get complicated, and usually requires the assistance of an experienced New York personal injury attorney. In some cases, you could have just months to act before you risk losing valuable legal rights. Remember, also, that the statute of limitations is the outside time limit for taking legal action. It is virtually always in your interest to contact an experienced New York personal injury lawyer as soon as possible after an injury, to give yourself the option of taking advantage of the full statute of limitations period to build a case. Waiting can cost you dearly in terms of money and legal rights. If I file a New York personal injury lawsuit, does that mean I am going to court? Not necessarily. Filing a lawsuit often prompts the party who owes compensation to enter into negotiations to settle your claim. Many New York personal injury lawyers end in a settlement—in which the victim receives money, and in exchange releases the other party from liability—long before they see the inside of a courtroom. That said, however, experienced New York personal injury lawyers prepare every case as if it will end up in a full-blown trial, and have the skill and street smarts to make your case to a judge and jury if that’s what it takes to get you the money you deserve. I got injured at work. Can I sue my employer? It depends. Many workplace injuries in New York are covered by the workers’ compensation insurance. Regardless of who caused the injury, workers’ comp pays benefits to the injured worker for medical expenses and some portion of lost wages. Usually, receiving workers’ compensation benefits bars injured employees from also suing their employers. Should you need to file a lawsuit, you probably will file it against the workers’ comp insurance company. However, that is not always the case. Some construction employees may yet have a claim against their employer under New York labor laws, for example. Also, employers can face liability if they intentionally harm their employees. Finally, even if you do not have the right to sue your employer, you may still have the right to sue someone else. A third party (someone other than your employer or co-worker) who caused your workplace injury can have legal liability for your injuries independent of whether you receive workers’ comp benefits. For example, if a tool you used at work was dangerously defective, and it injured you, then you may have a claim against the tool’s manufacturer. Bottom line: Contact an experienced New York personal injury lawyer at Jacoby & Meyers, LLP, to discuss your rights after suffering any kind of injury, even one that happened at work. My husband died in an accident caused by someone else. Can I file a New York personal injury lawsuit? You probably can. The legal process for seeking compensation for the tragic death of a loved one is called a wrongful death lawsuit. Speak with an experienced New York personal injury attorney today to learn about your and your family’s legal rights. Do I have to pay taxes on the money I get for my New York personal injury? According to the Internal Revenue Service, most personal injury compensation is not considered income and therefore is not taxable. However, if you claimed your medical expenses as a tax deduction on your previous year’s tax return, then you may have to repay that amount. Also, some categories of personal injury damages are sometimes taxable, such as damages for emotional distress and punitive damages. Do not simply assume that you owe no taxes on your personal injury compensation. Instead, speak with an experienced New York personal injury attorney right away to avoid making a mistake in your taxes. Do I really need a New York personal injury attorney to help me get money for my accident? Yes, you do. Attorneys provide advice and services that you cannot reasonably expect to handle yourself, such as: Investigating the facts of your claim to determine who owes you compensation; Developing a strategy that has the greatest chance of obtaining you the maximum compensation available as soon as possible; Calculating the full scope of the damages you suffered, so that you seek the most money allowable from the parties who harmed you; Preparing, filing, and pursuing legal action in New York courts; Negotiating with defense attorneys and insurance companies in pursuit of a fair and reasonable settlement of your claim; and Collecting the money owed to you, if necessary. Few New York personal injury victims have the knowledge, resources, or time to handle these tasks on their own. Everyone once in a while, someone tries to go it alone without a lawyer. In our experience, that is always a bad idea that costs the victim dearly. How much does a New York personal injury lawyer cost? It costs nothing to meet with an experienced New York personal injury lawyer for the first time to discuss your case. Virtually any lawyer you hire will also work for you on a contingency fee basis. This means that you and the lawyer will agree in advance on the lawyer receiving a percentage of any money recovered on your behalf as a fee. You pay nothing upfront, and the lawyer only receives money if you also receive money. That way, you get top-notch legal representation without having to take on new expenses, and you and the lawyer have the same goal: getting you as much money as possible, as soon as possible. Have questions about a personal injury that you or a loved one suffered in New York? Contact our experienced New York personal injury lawyers today for a free case evaluation. Access your case file 24/7 here Client Testimonials "If it were not for the integral legal team of experts at Jacoby & Meyers I would not be where I am today with my recovery. I highly recommend hiring Jacoby & Meyers should you ever find yourself injured in an accident, and an individual or company needs to be held accountable for their negligence." -C.J. ★★★★★ Check out some of our other Google reviews Latest News Parents Beware: Your Kids Are Vaping. What to Look for and How to Help. February 28, 2024 Is your teen showing signs of excessive thirst, experiencing frequent nosebleeds, or suddenly becoming sensitive to caffeine? If so, itSee Case "Parents Beware: Your Kids Are Vaping. What to Look for and How to Help." Cold and Icy Weather Safety Tips February 16, 2024 As winter blasts New York City, residents prepare to face colder temperatures and icy conditions. As with any extreme weatherSee Case "Cold and Icy Weather Safety Tips" General Importance of Vehicle Maintenance January 29, 2024 No matter how much safety equipment you have or how well you drive, you are not safe if your vehicleSee Case "General Importance of Vehicle Maintenance" Latest Videos https://youtube.com/watch?v=jpt8yMKscFcVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is disabled: Motorcycle accidents and compensation for damages (https://youtube.com/watch?v=jpt8yMKscFc) https://youtube.com/watch?v=PvTEg1t_ZDQVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is disabled: Who is responsible when a passenger in a car for hire is injured? (https://youtube.com/watch?v=PvTEg1t_ZDQ) HTML5 technology has been a game-changer, enabling developers to create cross-platform games that can run smoothly on various devices and screen sizes. This technology at https://casinowis.com/playcroco-casino-review has eliminated the need for dedicated apps in some cases, as players can access mobile-friendly casino websites directly through their browsers. Office Locations Bronx Office 656 E Fordham Rd The Bronx, NY 10458 (718) 294-0813 Brooklyn Office(3RD Ave) 8701 3rd Ave Brooklyn,Brooklyn, NY 11209(917) 765-1933 Brooklyn Office(Kings HWY) 1711 Kings HighwayBrooklyn, NY 11229(929) 419-5860 East Meadow Office 90 Merrick Avenue, Suite 601East Meadow, NY 11554(516) 542-0931 Edison Office 1929 NJ-27 Edison, NJ 08817 (732) 287-6890 Manhattan Office 39 Broadway Suite 1910 New York, NY 10006 (212) 445-7000 Newark Office 550 Broad Street Suite 608 Newark, NJ 07102 (973) 643-2707 Staten Island Office 26 Watchogue Rd Suite 1 Staten Island, NY 10314 (877) 488-1707 Leave a Review Privacy Policy | Sitemap © 2024 Andrew G. Finkelstein. All Rights Reserved. Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee future performance. Some case types may be handled with co-counsel. Sister Firms: Fine, Olin & Anderman, LLP | Finkelstein & Partners, LLP | Finkelstein, Blankinship, Frei-Pearson & Garber, LLP. | Diller Law, LLP Legal Services Car Accidents Bronx Car Accident Brooklyn Car Accident Manhattan Car Accident Queens Car Accident Staten Island Car Accident Bicycle Accidents Pedestrian Accidents Scooter Accidents Trucking Accidents Bronx Truck Accident Brooklyn Truck Accident Manhattan Truck Accident Queens Truck Accident Staten Island Truck Accident Construction Accidents Nursing Home Neglect Bronx Nursing Home Brooklyn Nursing Home Manhattan Nursing Home Queens Nursing Home Staten Island Nursing Home All Practice Areas Locations Bronx Car Accident Truck Accident Motorcycle Accident Bicycle Accident Pedestrian Accident Brooklyn Car Accident Truck Accident Motorcycle Accident Bicycle Accident Pedestrian Accident Manhattan Car Accident Truck Accident Motorcycle Accident Bicycle Accident Pedestrian Accident Queens Car Accident Truck Accident Motorcycle Accident Pedestrian Accident Staten Island Car Accident Truck Accident Motorcycle Accident Bicycle Accident Pedestrian Accident East Meadow Car Accident Truck Accident Motorcycle Accident Bicycle Accident Pedestrian Accident All Locations About Us Attorneys Testimonials Community Areas We Serve In the News Resources Access Your File Here Review Us Articles & Brochures Client Resources Case Results Blog Careers Contact Us