TAXPLANNERS new WOW().init(); HOME cloud accounting SERVICE ATO Reviews and Audits Assistance Audit and Assurance Services Forensic Accounting Transfer Pricing & international tax Business Structure Advisory and Consultancy Taxation and Business Services SMSF Administration Digital & Technology Advisory Bookkeeping Services Mortgage Finance Financial Planning & Wealth Management INDUSTRY Financial services Franchise Wholesalers Professional Services Education Agent & Immigration Agent Vocational College Age Care Facilities Restaurants & Cafes Medical& Health, Doctors& Clinics Builder and Construction Hospitality Mechanics & tradies Retailers Real Estate Agent Online Retailers Not-For-Profit INSIGHTS ABOUT US Our Firm Meet the Team Privacy and Disclaimer Our Credentials Careers contact us welcome to taxplanners group Let's Connect welcome to taxplanners group Let's Connect welcome to taxplanners group Let's Connect Service Forensic Accounting By applying forensic accounting, investigation, intelligence, technology and industry skills we can help prevent and resolve commercial disputes, fraud, misconduct, and breaches of rules and regulations. View More Transfer Pricing & international tax 1. Preparation & review of transfer pricing documentation 2. Transfer pricing structuring & strategies 3. Responding to Australian Taxation Office audits and dispute resolution View More Business Structure Advisory and Consultancy As a professional and dedicated tax expert, our mission is to provide value-added services... View More Taxation and Business Services As a professional and dedicated tax expert, our mission is to provide value-added services... View More SMSF Administration As a professional and dedicated tax expert, our mission is to provide value-added services... View More Digital & Technology Advisory As a professional and dedicated tax expert, our mission is to provide value-added services... View More Bookkeeping Services As a professional and dedicated tax expert, our mission is to provide value-added services... View More Mortgage Finance As a professional and dedicated tax expert, our mission is to provide value-added services... View More Who we are TAXPLANNERS Pty Ltd is a well-established chartered accounting firm with extensive experience across various sectors and different sizes of clients. Here at TaxPlanners we believe in providing pro-active, quality advice at an affordable price. Our core values include integrity, transparency, strategy, delivery, teamwork and commitment while our philosophy includes: 1. We believe business owners want a lot more than just basic accounting and tax compliance services from their accountant. We provide asset protection and help the client maximise his wealth through specific milestones and measurement of actual results with the set targets besides making sure that the client is compliant with all corporate and taxation obligations. 2. To be accessible which includes responding promptly to client phone calls and emails and recognising the fact that clients’ needs often extend beyond regular business hours. 3. At all times provide friendly, courteous and personal service from an enthusiastic team who endeavour to deliver quick turnaround of compliance work. 4. Guarantee clients the highest level of confidentiality and integrity in relation to their financial affair. 5. Implementing the newest accounting technology and help clients for digital adaption. 6. Our team undertaken extensive professional development to keep their skills at the forefront of current standards and practices. Team leaders Read more + Yogesh Gupta,CA--Director View More Guriqbal Singh, Director -- View More Yuki Wang,CPA --8+Year experience View More Kyle Wang--8+ year experience, SMSF specialist View More Karen Shen,CPA-- View More Our Key team members Read more + Janine Yang,CA Martin Loh Joy Wang,CPA Tejas Chabbra Gagandeep Kaur Grewal Naresh Kumar – Senior Tax Accountant, M.com Our location Williams Landing Office: Suite 407, 101 Overton Road, Williams Landing,VIC Glen Waverley Office: 11 Seller St, Glen Waverley, VIC City Office: Suite 411-413, 343 Little Collins St, VIC Newsletter SEND CONTACT WITH US +61 -3-9600 143 [email protected] Liability Limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Copyright 2021 TaxPlanners | All Rights Reserved WeChat