Home Page | BMIM bmim@bharatamatacollege.in 9400963357 Quick Links Life @BMIM Achievements & Awards News & Events Library Student Redressal Contact us Log In Home Explore Vision Mission The Motto Core Values of BMIM Institute Culture People at the HELM Academics Faculty Campus Resources Academic Amenities Students support Scholarships Placements Club Research Admission ADMISSION 2023 Announcement Latest News Latest News BMIM 17th MBA Batch (Admission 2021-23) Campus Placements BSE Capital Market Awareness Program | Finance Club Buon Natale | Christmas Celeberation 2023 Session on How Succeed in Stock Market Arena | BMIM Finance Club in Association with Fintopedia Marketing Club Inauguration | MS Yavana Thangavel Session on Social Teaching & Debates in Higher Education Sector in UK Announcement MBA Admission Started | Apply Now.... Bharata Mata College, Thrikakkara (Autonomous) Invites Applications for Faculty Positions in Bharata Mata Institute of Management & Bharata Mata Institute of Computer Applications 19 Years of Excellence Bharata Mata Institute of Management Bharata Mata College (Autonomous) is a NAAC accredited (A+) first grade arts, science and management co-educational institution of higher learning in the aided sector, under Bharata Mata Educational Trust, owned and managed by the Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly. Established in 1965 by His Eminence the late Joseph Cardinal Parecattil, the college is offering 17 under graduate courses, 6 post-graduate programmes, 2 professional coursesand 4 research centers. Bharata Mata College largely caters to the higher education aspirations of socially, educationally and economically marginalized sections of population belonging to different communities. The continuous strive to excellence is an uphill task that calls for consolidated effort by all stake holders of the institution. Together we created a conducive atmosphere in the campus that ensures full fledged development of students in particular, the community and society in general, elevating Bharata Mata College to greater and nobler heights, setting new benchmarks for excellence. Bharata Mata Institute of Management (BMIM) is the jewel in the crown of BMC and a to ranking business school in Kerala. It is one among the few business schools in the state to have A+ accreditation from NAAC. BMIM offers a two- year full- time MBA programme affiliated to M.G. University and approved by AICTE. BMIM stands precisely for meeting the current global requirements by developing students as competent leaders with global outlook and deep rooted Indian value system through academic rigor and excellent industry interface. The dedicated efforts of the management, faculty and students transformed BMIM into a reputed centre of excellence in management education. BMIM is known as a Business School which provides placement for all eligible graduates and ranked at the top on ‘Value for Money’ Read More NAAC accredited (A+) first grade arts, Science & Management co-educational institution of higher learning in the aided sector Established in 1965 by His Eminence the late Joseph Cardinal Parecattil A+ 1965 Happenings And Events BMIM 17th MBA Batch (Admission 2021-23) Campus Placements Read More BSE Capital Market Awareness Program | Finance Club Read More Buon Natale | Christmas Celeberation 2023 . Read More View All Our Faculties Prof.(Dr).B.Hareendran BSc. BTech. MBA. PhD Susan K Mathew MA (PM & IR) Rajmohan Kadavil MBA, UGC NET, PGDMM, PGDFT, PGDPM, PGDIR Sunil S S Bsc, PGDBA, UGC NET Dr. Bejoy Joseph MCom, MBA, UGC NET, Ph.D Dr. Geetha Jose MBA, UGC NET, Ph.D. Dr. Devi Sekhar R BSc Chemistry, PGDM, CAIIB, UGC - NET, Ph D Management Megha Mary Michael B A, MBA Mr. Abraham Mathew Sports Village Mrs. Anna Pamela Mathew Chairman & Managing Director, OEN Mr. C. K. Kumaravel Founder & CEO, Naturals Mrs. Kinara Kanak Jinan Communication Specialist Fr. Baiju Varghese Director Athmayoga Mr. Aravind Warrier Director HR, Rapid Value Mr. Denny Joseph Management Consultant Mr. John Mathew Sebastian HR. Manager, Talent Acquisition-Head, V-Guard Industries Ltd Fr. Dr. Abraham Oliapurathu Managing Director, BMIM Mr. Biju Jacob Area Manager HR, People Office, Future Group Ltd Mr. Anand Murali HR, New Age Sys Mr. Renjith K K HR. Professional &OD.Consultant Mr.Mirzam Malik HR, Byju’s App Mr. Ranjith Ramachandran CEO, Plant Lipids Pvt. Ltd Mr. Sooraj. Abraham Corporate Trainer Mr. M.C. Rajilan International Trainer Mr. Benny Kurian International Trainer Mr. P. J. Jolly Regional Head HRBP, Flipkart Mr. Rijo Antony AVP-HR Reliance Fasion & LifeStyle Mr. Nair Nandkumar Menon Senior Associate Vice President, Carborandum Universal Ltd. Mr. Sebastian Joseph General Manager HR, Carborandum Universal Dr. Sanil. S. K Mg. Director, Market Fed Mr. Mano Mohanan (CEO (Rtd) Muthoot Capital Ltd.) Mr. Jomon Joseph Mg. Director, The Strategist Mr. Benny Joseph CEO, Jubily Mission Hospital Dr. B.Sreekumar Managing Director, Kerala Feeds Ltd Achievements Research Contribution By The Students The faculty team at BMIM always gives prime importance for research and to inculcate it among the students. The faculty guides the students for doing the research paper, presenting at national and international conferences along with publication of the same in peer reviewed, UGC care list and Scopus Indexed Journals. The list of students involved in research activities under the guidance of faculty members are as follows: (1)Nithya P.S (2019-2021) | Topic: Exploring the Path of Disinvestment: A pre and post analysis of divested companies (2)Taby Thomas and Karthika M.S (2019-2021) | Topic: Excavating the Investment Option that Generates Scintillating Return From a Longer Perspective (3)Niba Najeeb and Milna Muhammed Ali (2019-2021) | Topic: The Journey to Seek Attributes: An Explorative study on E-Commerce sites in India (4)Hari Nair and Sachin Biju (2019-2021) | Topic: An Explorative Study on Women Empowerment in the Urban set up Placement History of Present Fourth Semester Students (2021_23 Batch) https://www.bmim.org/events/placement-history-of-present-fourth-semester-students-2021-23-batch BMIM 17th MBA Batch (Admission 2021-23) Campus Placements BMIM 17th MBA Batch (Admission 2021-23) Campus Placements Research Contribution by the Faculty Members The contributions of faculty members towards research are presented below: (1) Bejoy Joseph | The Sparkling Production and Exports of Fisheries in Indian Economy : An Engle Granger Based Approach (Best Paper Award) (2) Bejoy Joseph | The Unsung sectors in the Indian Manufacturing Industry: An Empirical Study on the influence of Accounting variables with share price (3) Bejoy Joseph | Unmasking the Endorsement: An Empirical Investigation on the Indian Mutual Fund Industry (Young Service Researcher Award) (4) Dr. Hareendran B | Exploring the Path of Disinvestment: A pre and post analysis of divested companies (5) Bejoy Joseph | Exploring the Path of Disinvestment: A pre and post analysis of divested companies (6) Dr. Geetha Jose | It is not a case of “One size fits all”: The need for customized HRM practices for Employee Engagement Bharata Mata College is now ISO 9001:2015 Certificatified ISO Certification Secured Gold Medal in National Ju-jutsu Championship Secured Gold Medal in National Ju-jutsu Championship BMC Thrikkakara Selected for the Status of DBT Star College BMC Thrikkakara Selected for the Status of DBT Star College Best Paper Award in National Seminar Topic: The Sparkling Production and Exports of Fisheries in Indian Economy : An Engle Granger Based Approach Testimonial I Ms. Aneela Baby would like to express my sincere gratitude to the Bharata Mata Institute of Management for helping me at each & every step of my professional career. The institute provided me with the best possible platform and infrastructure to excel in my career interest. The expert faculty made me Industry ready, while the placement training helped me enhance my soft skills which made me stand out from others. During my time at the institute, I was introduced to various live projects from company’s people aspire to work for - Ambuja Cements & Big Bazaar were the two companies for whom I was fortunate enough to work and which provided me with immense practical learning. I also had the good fortune to work for Naukri.Com in my Summer Internship. The institute inculcated in me great discipline and values which ultimately helped me in securing a Final placement in Info Edge (India) Limited – Naukri.com and working in the area I aimed at working. Ms. Aneela Baby 13TH Batch (2017-2019) Aneela Baby HR, DBM Vircon Chennai My experience at Bharata Mata College is great and memorable. The mentors at BMIM helped us to enhance my academic and interpersonal skills. I am thankful to the Training & Placement cell for providing a platform to enhance my skills and an opportunity to showcase them. In the end I am saying that The World is here at BHARATA MATA INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT. ROOPESH GOPI V MBA - MARKETING & HR (2016-2018) PLACED IN - FUTURE GROUP Roopesh Gopi V Project Manager, Future Group Thinking back of my masters in Bharata Mata Institute of Management, brings several keywords to my mind: mind opening, empowering and meaningful. My 2 years of Journey at BMIM has been a surreal and glorious experience. The institution has moulded my personality and clarified my vision for the future. There has been not only academics, but also extracurricular activities which helped me to evolve as a completely fruitful being, more confident, self-dependant, resilient and always be grateful within and out. BMIM has done that to me, and I am very sure that anyone who comes to BMIM will become a different and enhanced individual once they leave the gates for sure. I feel privileged to be a part of the institution and amazing to meet and trained by experienced and knowledgeable faculties who have inspired and challenged us through out this quest to help us reach the epitome of success and achievement till day. Suvitha John Product Specialist Prudent Technologies Pvt Ltd Suvitha John Solution Expert, Prudent Technologies Pvt Ltd It was my immense luck and fortune to be the part of Bharat Mata Institute of Management (BMIM) where I could grow. BMIM has been a great contributor to the development of my personality. I have established my Leadership, Time Management and Team Skills and have also been able to advance these skills to the whole new augment level which I gained from BMIM. BMIM helped me to enhance my academic and interpersonal skills. The entire faculty members leave no stone unturned to shape one's future. My two years at BMIM have been a wonderful experience of learning with prolific exposure to the industry through the much dynamic and experienced faculties. Huge love, respect and devotion for entire faculty members and MBA department. It's their efforts that make me to count myself into better professionals. Sujeesh P S MBA 3rd Batch 2007-2009 Presently Working as; Branch Manager State Bank of India, Kulathummal Kattakada Branch Thiruvananthapuram Mob: +91 9895720682 Sujeesh P S Manager, State Bank of India I thank Bharata Mata College and the faculties for putting in all the efforts to groom and make each student a corporate professional. It was great to be a part of the BMIM family. Currently, I am working in Deloitte as a HR sourcing analyst. I am privileged to be a part of BMIM alumni. Alphonsa Job, Batch 2017-2019 Alphonsa Job HR sourcing analyst, Deloitte Placement Our Gallery BMIM @ Youtube Bharata Mata College (Autonomous) is a nationally accredited first-grade arts, science and management co-educational institution of higher learning in the aided sector, under Bharata Mata Educational Trust. Quick Links Mandatory Disclosure 2023-2024 Careers About us Infrastructure Placements AICTE Feedback Portal Student Links Our campus Placement process Training & placement Social responsibilty Become an alumni Anti-ragging squad Address Bharata Mata College Campus Sea Port – Air Port Road, Kochi – 682021 Mail bmim@bharatamatacollege.in bmimkerala@gmail.com Phone +91 9400963357 +91 9446967616 +91 8281883357 24x7 Women helpline number 8129740488 Connect with Us Copyright © 2024 Bharata Mata Institute of Management All Rights Reserved. Designed By: Web Designing Company kochi Top