Cherith Brook Clinics – We solve invasive surgeries, assisted conceptions, cosmetic gynecology and sexual wellness problems. Skip to Content Toggle navigation +234 907 243 7484 [email protected] ﻿34, Olagbegi Street, off Oshuntokun Avenue, Old Bodija, Ibadan Home About Us ServicesShow sub menu Men’s Clinic Women’s ClinicShow sub menu Gynaecological Endoscopy Sexual Wellness & Performance Clinic team Contact We Provide Full Reproductive Health Care Helping thousands of people to get high-class sexual wellness services. Your health is your most important asset. 5 Years of Reproductive Health Excellence Our administrative and clinical team is second to none. We reiterates the pledge to help all and give hope to those who have lost hope. In this endeavor, while we have the best of an expert team of doctors taking care of the patients at one hand. Comprehensive Inpatient Services Quick Diagnosis Outpatient Services Medical And Surgical Services Need a laparoscopy or hysteroscopy appointment? Contact us or chat with us live Need a laparoscopy or hysteroscopy appointment? Contact us or chat with us live We Help youGet Well Sooner! Patient Focused Medical Professionals Quality Lab Services Free Consultations We OfferReproductive Health Services We specialize in a wide array of sexual wellness and have some of the best facilities. SEXUAL WELLNESS CONSULTATION CALL: +234 907 243 7484 Our Clinics 34, Olagbegi Street, off Oshuntokun Avenue, Old Bodija, Ibadan SEXUAL WELLNESS CONSULTATION CALL: +234 907 243 7484 Stay up to date on the latest Health news, treatment options, research breakthroughs and more. Leave this field empty if you're human: HEAD OFFICE 34, Olagbegi Street, off Oshuntokun Avenue, Old Bodija, Ibadan, Oyo Mon-Fri: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Consultation: 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. [email protected] +234 907 243 7484 Useful LinksAbout Doctors FAQ Contact Men’s Clinic Women’s Clinic ServicesTreatment of Erectile Dysfunction Treatment of Male Sexual Dysfunction Priapus Shot Shockwave Therapy Diagnostic & Surgical Laparoscopy Minimally Invasive Surgery Diagnostic & Surgical Hysteroscopy Sexual Wellness & Performance Copyright © 2024 Cherith Brook Clinics. All rights reserved. × Chat with us live