AirCab Service Home About Blogs Support Testimonials Contact +91 9387208933 Welcome to AirCab Service! What we offer? Get Started Out Station Local Station Select Your Car For Booking Swift dzire Mahindra Marazo Innova crysta Bmw Alto Verna Submit Booking Select Your Car For Booking Swift dzire Mahindra Marazo Innova crysta Bmw Alto Verna Submit Booking Our Packages This is our list of packages, if you want to subscribe our packages or want to be a member of it. Please contact us or inform us. Honda Amaze Rs. 1500 /Day +91 9387208933 Doors: 4Pessangers: 4Luggage: 2BagsTransmissions: Automatic Swift Dzire Rs. 1200 /Day +91 9387208933 Doors: 4Pessangers: 4Luggage: 2BagsTransmissions: Automatic Innova crysta Rs. 2200 /Day +91 9387208933 Doors: 4Pessangers: 7Luggage: 4BagsTransmissions: Automatic Air Cab North East Largest Intercity and Local Rental car Services providers We are AirCab Rentals Car Services providers , an online cab booking aggregator, providing customers with reliable and premium Intercity, Local and outstation car rental services. Over the last decade, we are uniquely placed as the largest chauffeur driven car rental service provider in North East in terms of geographical reach. Read More Air Cab Services Phone Reservation We accept Phone Reservation 24x7 Special Rates Our rate are very cheapest, affordable and Reliable One Way Rental We provide best one way Cab service Outstation Rental We provide best outstation Cab service. City to City We provide best city to city Cab service Quick support Any help you need, then you can contact our support team. Happy Client Cars Destinations Trips completed Latest From Blog 16 Nov 2021 Tawang By : Urancab Read More 16 Nov 2021 Kaziranga National park By : Urancab Read More Testimonials "Excellent service, equaling the service provided abroad. Booking cars online was unbelievably comfortable. Cancelling and modifying bookings were beautifully processed. Executives constantly contacted to serve us and our outstation trip from Delhi to Agra was an unforgettable experience." Sumit Jain "They took all safety measures like mask, gloves, sanitizer. I faced lots of issues with my pass. But the driver drove 20 km to fix this, offered his mobile to apply for a pass & got approved in 15 mins, went to the browsing center & took printouts. It was 6 PM and we couldn't have food, but the driver was always cool and tried to ease the situation in all ways." Alpesh Prajapati "The driver, Shiva, who was sent to drive us to our destination is a class act, and is up there among the best, whether it is local knowledge, skilled driving, keeping a good conversation or looking for our well being as his passengers. I hope the company nurtures natural, organic talent like these." Debabrat Borah "Thanks to your company and the excellent service provided by your car driver during my last intercity trip from Indore to Ahmedabad. My two days journey went off without a hitch. Online billing and booking experience before arrival was awesome." Abhi Borah Most Popular Routes Cab in Jorhat Jorhat to Dibrugarh Jorhat to Tawang Jorhat to Shillong Jorhat to Guwahati Newsletter Subscribe for our weekly newsletter. Sign Up © 2023 AirCab | All Rights Reserved.