Start Your Journey to Parenthood With Intended Parents Forum News Community Forum Surrogacy Surrogates What Is a Surrogate Mother? How to Become a Surrogate How Much Do Surrogates Make? A Surrogacy Journey Risks of Being a Surrogate Mother Reviewing Your Contract Parenting What Is Surrogacy? How to Get Started How to Pick a Surrogate Escrow Agencies and What You Need to Know Cost of Surrogacy Laws by State Egg Donation What is the Egg Donation Process Egg Donation Risks Directory Sign Up Log In Select Page Navigating the Path to Parenthood through IVF, Surrogacy or Egg Donation Discover Ideas and Advice from Others Who Have Walked the Same Path Find a Trusted Professional That’s Right for Your Journey Share Your Story and Find Support on the IPF Community Boards Discover Ideas & Advice Read the latest news, ideas, & advice in IPF News When Everyone You Know Is Pregnant, Infertility Is Extra Painful I have a cherished photo of me holding my dear friend Jane’s 15-month-old son on my lap in our apartment in Brooklyn, circa 2006. Jane was the first of my closest friends to have a baby, and her son (who is now 13 years old, OMG!) was doted on by us all.... read more 7 Places to Take Your Kids (Before They Grow Up) There are so many great things to see while your children are still young. Here are our top picks. A Natural Wonder The Grand Canyon; Arizona Absolutely nothing will prepare your family for the first time you see this 227-mile-long, 5,000-foot-deep... read more 10 Fun Games from Around the World Your child might not be able to find Pakistan on a map, but teaching her about all kinds of cultures is no more complicated than playing a game. So next time you hear "Mommy, I'm bored!" spark your kid's sense of adventure by adding fresh international... read more Find a Professional Find a specific professional that’s right for your journey Surrogacy Agencies Adoption Agencies Fertility Clinics Adoption Attorneys Surrogacy Attorneys Egg Agencies Escrow Agencies Adoption Consultants Join the Community Share your stories & find support on the IPF community boards Surrogacy Board Adoption Board Nesting Board Parenting Board LGBTQ Board Quick LinksBlog Community Forum Professional Directory Community Listings Facebook Twitter RSS Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress