News | TX Network Menu Home Forums Departments Members Support Hub More Staff 0 PLAYERS ONLINE PLAY.TXNRP.COM Menu Log in Register Join our Official Discord Server to keep updated with the community. https://discord.gg/gGdMRtS JavaScript is disabled. For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding. You are using an out of date browser. It may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser. Home vedehteci Community Feedback Time! (Survey) vedehteci Oct 3, 2021 Replies: 0 Oct 03 Goooooooood Afterrrrnooooooooonnnnnnn! How are you today? I'm good thanks for asking... Anyways, it's time for a Community Feedback Survey! We haven't done one of these in a long time, (have we ever? lul). It's way long overdue, but it's very important to hear the voices of a community. This is your chance to potentially make an impact on the community by expressing your frustrations, happiness, or whatever emotions/feelings you go through while interacting with the community, playing games, and doing community things. Every question on this form is completely optional, so don't feel pressured to fill out every single one. I'm really looking forward to reading all of your feedback and ways to either improve or even disprove? (is that a word?!?) So, what are you waiting for? Let all your anger and happiness out onto this form! https://forums.txdps-rp.com/form/community-feedback.46/select Continue reading... vedehteci Ralph S. 1K-03 - You will be missed very much... vedehteci Aug 22, 2021 Replies: 25 Aug 22 Stingrqy was a very good friend to everyone in this community, he made people feel comfortable and happy. He would always push forward and get the job done. He had many talents on-screen and off-screen. He would always talk about how he’s a straight-A student, at one point, he told me he needed to take a break for a month just to get back up in the A+ rank, even if he was still passing, he wouldn’t stop, he wanted those very good grades to get in good schools. Around December of 2020, he was diagnosed with cancer. He fought super hard to try and flush this cancer out of his system. A couple of days ago, I got a call from Stingrqy (Ralph), and he could barely speak with me. After a couple of breaths, he told me he was just informed that he doesn’t have long to live, and needs to resign effectively. I promised him that he will forever be in our hearts, and all of us will pray for him & his family. Today, August 22nd, 2021. Ralph S. 1K-03 has passed away from cancer. Rest easy Stingrqy, you will be missed very much. Thank you for all you have done in TX... Take care buddy. Continue reading... tropicz Information about our Staff Team tropicz Jul 19, 2021 Replies: 0 Jul 19 Afternoon all, We've recently done a revamp with our staff team on who does what, and what guidelines our staff members are expected to follow. We choose to share this with the community as either you might be curious what we hold our staff members accountable to, or maybe you're interested in applying, but want to know what you're getting into first. Staff Rank Descriptions: Community Director: The Community Director is responsible for the entire network. They are in charge of the developers, managing the backend, frontend, finances, and pretty much everything. Community Executive(s): Community Executive(s) are responsible for overseeing all community and staff team operations and decisions. This group of people will ensure that the community and staff team runs smoothly, efficiently, and most importantly, professionally. While their main priority is to uphold superb activity and supervise the community/staff team, these people will also be expected to maintain direct communication with the Director. Community Administrator(s): Community Administrator(s) will serve as the backbone for moderation. Their primary focus is to guide their fellow staff members to their success in their position. These people are expected to uphold superb activity and be able to communicate with the Community Executives about any situations that they come across. Community Moderator(s): Community Moderator(s) are the front-line personnel within the community. These people are expected to uphold superb activity; moderate with professionalism, efficiency, integrity, and honesty; and most importantly, help those who need assistance within the community. Trainee(s): Trainees are the prospects of the Community Moderators. While these people are expected to be very active within the community, their main objective is to learn all aspects of... Continue reading... vedehteci Heading into the future... vedehteci Jul 19, 2021 Replies: 2 Jul 19 Morning Everyone, Before getting started with this, I want to say we’ve been a public server since January 2018, and it has been one heck of a ride. We’ve had so many ups and downs, sadness and happiness, good times and bad times...That part of a community won’t change, but a bigger part will be changing. This coming Wednesday, July 21st, we will be going into a “Semi-Public” stage where the server will be “allowlisted”, and the only way to join the server is either by being in a department, or answering 3-4 questions and receiving the “Allowlisted” role, but! Be careful with this role, as if you get punished, you get the role taken away and will have to re-apply. The only limit of applications is that once you put one in, you have to wait 7 days in order to submit another one. That’s it! Allowlisted Applications: #allowlist-applications in the Discord Server. We hope you enjoy this change and will continue to make beautiful roleplay scenarios. oh btw, there are still many, many changes coming to TX, it never ends. If you think at some point we stop, well newsflash...we don’t stop. Have a fantastic rest of your day/weekend! Continue reading... John D. 1A-03 Hotfix v2.0.7.1 John D. 1A-03 Jul 9, 2021 Replies: 1 Jul 09 Just had a patch update, here is the hotfix for that. let's get to it - Replaced the handling line of the Civ 2016 Ram with the same one the LEO ram uses. - The Civilian 2006 Tahoe has proper plates now. The plate that's on there is pre-registered as a rental car out of Premium Deluxe Motorsport. - The Civilian 2016 Ford Explorer has proper plates now. The plate that's on there is pre-registered as a rental car out of Premium Deluxe Motorsport. - The 2009 Charger now has a Premium Deluxe Motorsport Vanity plate in the front. - Fixed the passenger side Texas Flags on the DPD liveries. (it was backward) - Removed the DPD TCE Livery from the following vehicles: 2006 Impala[C3], 2016 Taurus[C3], 2018 Tahoe [NF], & 2009 Charger [NF]. - Removed sirens from 2018 Tahoe [CIV], 2006 Tahoe [CIV], & 2018 F150 [CIV]. - replaced the Civilian versions of the 2009 Charger & 2016 Ram exempt tags with regular tags. - Fixed the mod kits of the civilian versions of the LEO cars as they were pulling mod kits from the Whelen pack. This hotfix will be in effect at the next restart which is at 1 AM EST. That's the hotfix for tonight, have a great night/morning! Continue reading... John D. 1A-03 Patch Update v2.0.7 John D. 1A-03 Jul 7, 2021 Replies: 2 Jul 07 Hello there! Patch updates on a Wednesday night? Yessir! Let's dig in to patch update v2.0.7! - Downgraded all Fire Department Skins down to 2k instead of 4k. - 2020 Ram 5500 Ambulance livery was updated with a small text stroke on the side & the rear door number is now gold leafed. - 2016 Ram 5500 Ambulance livery was updated with a small text stroke on the side & the rear door number is now gold leafed. - 2019 E450 Ambulance livery was updated with a small text stroke on the side & the rear door number is now gold leafed. - 2018 F450 Ambulance livery was updated with a small text stroke on the side & the rear door number is now gold leafed. - New Texas State Trooper High-Speed Unit Livery for the Mustang. - New Dallas Police Department High-Speed Unit Livery for the Mustang. - New Dallas County Sheriff's office High-Speed Unit Livery for the Mustang. - New Texas State Troopers High-Speed Unit Livery for the Demon. - New Dallas Police Department High-Speed Unit Livery for the Demon. - New Dallas County Sheriff's Office High-Speed Unit Livery for the Demon. - Added a 2016 Tesla Model S P90D Electric Unit. Liveries include Texas State Troopers livery, Dallas County Sheriff's Office(Ghosted & Regular) livery & Dallas Police Department (Ghosted & Regular) livery. - Added a 2018 Mercedez-Benz AMG GT R High-Speed Unit. Liveries include New High-Speed Unit Texas State Troopers livery, New High-Speed Unit Dallas Police Department livery, & New High-Speed Unit Dallas County Sheriff's office livery. - Added a 2018 Porsche 911 Turbo S High-Speed Unit. liveries include New High-Speed Unit Texas State Troopers livery, New High-Speed Unit Dallas County Sheriff's office livery, & New High-Speed Unit Dallas Police Department livery. - Added a 2017 Dodge Viper TA High-Speed Unit. Liveries include New High-Speed Unit Texas State Troopers livery, New High-Speed Unit Dallas Police Department High-Speed Unit livery, & New High-Speed Unit Dallas County Sheriff's Office livery... Continue reading... vedehteci Introduction of Tickets... vedehteci Jun 27, 2021 Replies: 0 Jun 27 Hello all, As a replacement to the support category on the forums (which includes Bug Reports), we have recently implemented a ticket system onto the forums where people can submit "tickets." These "tickets," which are located on the account widget, are only visible to the personnel who are currently in the Support Team. Below you will find a list that categorizes the types of tickets: Game Support Tickets→ Any Client Issues concerning FiveM, GTA V, etc. + Additional Technical Support Discord Support Tickets → Any Issues concerning Discord Donation Issues → Any Issues concerning the Store (store.txdps-rp.com) It's Something Else → Any Other Issues NOT concerning the Above Categories Click to expand... Thank you for reading. Continue reading... John D. 1A-03 Patch Update v2.0.6 John D. 1A-03 Jun 26, 2021 Replies: 1 Jun 26 Ok it's late yes I know but here is Patch Update v2.0.6! Here we have some updates to some vehicles and more EUP things for you guys to enjoy. So let's get to it. - Fixed the "Texas Game Warden" text on the trunk of the Ford F150 from the Whelen pack (It was too low and it caused stretching from a certain angle). - Re-skinned the in-game stockade for Shadow Security instead of Gruppe6. Note: it spawns in with the colors White & Green. The recommended colors are as following, Primary: Metallic Rolled steel & Secondary: Metallic Black. - Removed the Sig Saur P320(combat pistol replace) due to it being poorly optimized and taking too much memory things. (it was eating everything up.) - Added a backpack for civilians to use for males. - Added a new cowboy hat for males. - Added a pair of crocs for males(multiple colors available). - Added a sagged pair of jeans for males. - Added new Safariland Leg Holster for males. - Added a white FAA BDU Shirt for males. - Added a texture to the raincoat for Fire Department for males. - Created proper textures for a T-shirt that had some LEO textures for males. Textures include TST, DPD, DCSO, & DFR and the rest of the textures are just random colors I put together. - Tinted some of the Code3 Pack vehicles to 60 Percent. - Decreased the tint to 60 percent on some of the Whelen Pack vehicles. - Downgraded the Shadow Security car pack liveries down to 2k instead of 4k. - Added a few hairstyles for people to use. - Made TX FM in-game pause when the volume is less than 1%. - Added redesigned /garage menu. - Added redesigned loading screen (sponsored by TX FM). - Added redesigned radio UI. - Added redesigned notifications (DELETE to open, C to clear). - Added redesigned CAD theme. - Added dark (old) theme to change theme button on the settings page. - Added server ids to radio UI. - Made dispatch and speaking colors on server-id rather than callsign. - Recoloured radio UI to be the same as garage menu. - Radio UI... Continue reading... vedehteci PSA about 'Unrealistic Driving' vedehteci Jun 15, 2021 Replies: 1 Jun 15 Hello all, After speaking with the Community Executives, it has come to our attention that people are being punished for “unrealistic driving” while higher command staff personnel don’t (simply because of their superior position of power). Let me first start off by apologizing on our behalf for not addressing this situation and taking action on this sooner. As you may have noticed, the FiveM roleplay dynamic has been rapidly evolving from a strict and rigorous DOJ-styled environment to a more relaxed and casual environment. Following this pattern, our priority as a staff team is to make your experience more enjoyable in the TX Network. While we want to maintain a serious roleplay environment, we also do not want people to feel as if they are being bossed around or forced to act a certain way when it comes to roleplaying. Therefore, as of today, unrealistic driving will become the least of our concerns when it comes to department rules and regulations (and will become the least of our priorities when it comes to rule breaking). To simply put it, we do not care about the way you drive. Obviously, we don’t want you to drive off Mount Chiliad going Mach-2, but mild speeding or aggressive lane changes will pretty much be ignored. But, please don’t think that this gives you the right to start running over people or purposely wrecking into other vehicles. You will be punished accordingly if this were to occur. So, with that being said, from this point forward, if you have been punished for "unrealistic driving," please direct message any of the community executives, and they will revert that punishment. Thanks, Ted Wentz Continue reading... vedehteci Lockdown is finally over.. We are FREE! vedehteci Jun 13, 2021 Replies: 3 Jun 13 Finally, the lockdown period is over and the rebrand of TXDPSRP is here! We’ve come a long way in the community, with the same sort of “style” we’ve had since the beginning. Well, today that changes. Our Logo is now rebranded to “TX” and the forums have gotten a massive upgrade thanks to BenjDesigns and our development team for finalizing the touches. As you probably already saw, the infamous “rank bug” was a myth. We’ve redrafted the way our staff structure works. TX has had the same structure for our staff team for a very long time. This structure has had its ups and downs, but now we feel that it's time for a change. Our main concerns for the current staff team structure were centered around the assessment of the differences between the current staff positions. Due to the implementation of sub-teams, we felt that certain positions generally felt the same, as they carried very little difference in their permissions and responsibilities (such as Junior Moderators + Moderators). Therefore, we would like to introduce you to the revamped staff team structure. Each position will have different goals, responsibilities, duties, and requirements to meet. Community Executive: Community Executive(s) are responsible for overseeing all community and staff team operations and decisions. This group of people will ensure that the community and staff team runs smoothly, efficiently, and most importantly, professionally. While their main priority is to uphold superb activity and supervise the community and staff team, these people will also be expected to maintain direct communication with the Director. Community Administrator: Community Administrator(s) will serve as the backbone for moderation. Their primary focus is to guide their fellow staff members to their success in their position. These people are expected to uphold superb activity and be able to communicate with the Community Executives about any situations that they come across... Continue reading... 1 2 3 … Go to page Go 6 Next 1 of 6 Go to page Go Next Last Sign In Sign Up Loading… Latest Posts L Ищу достойного мужчину! Off Topic Forum statistics Threads 19,877 Messages 34,717 Members 7,646 Latest member sdfsdfsdf 2018-2023 TX Network Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2021 XenForo Ltd. Support Terms and rules Privacy policy