SASWA - Saginaw Area Storm Water Authority Home About Watershed Information Stormwater Management Calendar Blog Contact Find Your Watershed Back What is SASWA? History Authority Members Back How You Can Help Maps & Plans What's My Watershed? Back Enforcement Response Procedures Public Participation Plan Public Education Plan Illicit Discharge Elimination Plan Construction Storm Water Runoff Control Plan Storm Water Post-Construction Controls Pollution Prevention and Good Housekeeping (PP & GH) Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) Helpful Links Home About What is SASWA? History Authority Members Watershed Information How You Can Help Maps & Plans What's My Watershed? Stormwater Management Enforcement Response Procedures Public Participation Plan Public Education Plan Illicit Discharge Elimination Plan Construction Storm Water Runoff Control Plan Storm Water Post-Construction Controls Pollution Prevention and Good Housekeeping (PP & GH) Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) Helpful Links CalendarBlogContact Saginaw Area Storm Water Authority Find Your Watershed Scroll did you know:Saginaw County is part of a system that accounts for 20% of the world’s fresh water.Some of our daily activities can adversely affect this fresh water resource that millions use for drinking water, providing food, and recreational activities. We have a responsibility to protect this valuable resource. Learn More about SASWA Public Education ResourcesWant to learn more about what you can do to help protect our waters? Check out these helpful resources. READ MORE Find Your Watershed Use this interactive map to view information about the watershed you live in.VIEW MAP Report Spills or Illicit DischargesSpills and illicit discharges (i.e. dumping of chemicals/waste/trash down the storm drain) degrade the water quality of surface waters in the state of Michigan. If you see a spill or illicit discharge within the SASWA's watershed area, please click below to report it and do your part to keep our water clean. To learn more about what are illicit discharges are and what SASWA is doing to prevent them click on the Illicit Discharges button. Report Spill Illicit Discharges Storm Water Design Guidelines Post Construction Controls For Design Engineers, Architects, and Developers doing sites in Saginaw County in need of the Design Guidelines for stormwater management. Follow the link.LEARN MORE Watershed Maps & Plans View and download maps for the SASWA Watershed and Urbanized Area, Lower Cass Watershed, Upper Saginaw Watershed, and Lower Tittabawassee Watershed.VIEW MORE Introduction Public Education Resources blank What Watershed Am I In? Report Spills Stormwater Design Guidelines Post Construction Controls Info Info About Links Public Notices & EGLE Permits Archives Progress Reports SASWA Annual Summary Financial Statements Archived Agenda/Minutes Archived Public Notices and Permits Members Member Training Calendar Agenda/Minutes Bylaws Mi Enviro Portal Contacts © 2019 Spicer Group