Home - Balram Partap Singh | Web Design And Development Skip to content Menu Home About Me Services Graphic & UI/UX Designer Front End developer WordPress Developer Shopify Developer Portfolios WordPress Portfolio Mobile App Portfolio Front-end Portfolio Shopify Portfolio Website Designs Portfolio Banner Designs Logo Design Contact Us +91 79868 69987 Hire Graphic & UI / UX Designer Want to Discuss ? Portfolios Hire Dedicated Remote IT Employees on Demand Want to Discuss ? Portfolios Up to 50% lower wages than your local talent Want to Discuss ? Portfolios Hire Dedicated WordPress Developer Want to Discuss ? Portfolios What Clients Saying I requested many clients to share video feedback with me. But most of the clients say I don’t show my face in the video. I got a lot of text feedback from my clients. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. “Good worker and knows what he is doing. Highly recommend for any WordPress or PHP customizations.Will definitely use again!” ProWebCom (USA) Simple WordPress theme setup and design “Balram, is on top of his game! He knows exactly what he is doing each time! It been a great pleasure working with him. His communication is EXCELLENT!! I will continue to hire him over and over again! Thanks again Balram!” JACQUES DIEUVIL WordPress Development Read More Work History About Me I am a professional senior full-stack developer with deep experience across many industries in Web/Mobile application design, Website front-end development, Shopify, WordPress and Video editing with animation. I have more than 12+ years of experience in Javascript, HTML, CSS, SASS/LESS, Bootstrap, UI/UX Design etc. MY PASSION I’m passionate about web application development so I always challenge myself to work with new technologies and different frameworks. My main focus is to develop my skills, deliver the best quality products and make customers happy. Read More I am a self-motivated, dedicated UI/UX Designer, Front-end developer, Shopify and WordPress developer. I have extensive experience in implementing the design on CMS(WordPress, Shopify), customization themes for WordPress, Woocommerce, plugins, creating pages with the Page Builder and Visual Composer and creating responsive sites for all devices. I’m a very responsible, reliable person, and always trying to perform tasks in the set time frame. I will be glad to help you with your tasks. My services Graphic & UI/UX Design Read more Front End development Read more WordPress development Read more Shopify Ecommerce Read more I'm Balram Partap Singh, Self-motivated, dedicated IT professional having more than 10 years experience in website development, design, video editing, graphic animation, SEO and website optimization Contact me Services Graphic UI UX Designs Front-End Development Wordpress Development Shopify Development Logo Designs Portfolio Wordpress Websites Mobile App Development Front-end Development Shopify Websites Website Designs Banner designs Menu Home About Us Contact us Blog Services Portfolio © 2024 balrampartapsingh.com Terms Privacy Cookies © 2024 balrampartapsingh.com Terms Privacy Cookies Copyright 2024 © balrampartapsingh.com Home About Me Services Graphic & UI/UX Designer Front End developer WordPress Developer Shopify Developer Portfolios WordPress Portfolio Mobile App Portfolio Front-end Portfolio Shopify Portfolio Website Designs Portfolio Banner Designs Logo Design Contact Us Buy now +91 79868 69987