HOME - Vent Inspector - Clean, Camera, Repair Schedule Appointment: 385-999-7884 Hours of Operation: Mon – Sat: 6:00AM- 6:00PM Affordable Camera Vent Inspection & Vent Cleaning Services HOME ABOUT SERVICES Vent Camera Inspection Vent Sanitization Vent Cleaning Indoor Air Scrubber Dryer Vent Cleaning Service Area Spanish Fork Springville Provo Salem Payson FAQ BLOG CONTACT Select Page Vent Inspector – Clean, Camera, Repair Searching for affordable Utah County vent cleaning services that you can trust? Consider calling Vent Inspector. We strive to deliver our community with only the highest quality of Utah air duct cleaning services along with our affordable dryer vent cleaning solutions for both residential and commercial properties. All of our technicians are properly licensed and insured with industry-leading tools and equipment to ensure a job well done. Call Us: 385-999-7884 Book an Appointment #1 Utah Vent Inspection & Cleaning Services Your Favorite Utah Vent Inspector’s Vent Inspector strives to be your go-to HVAC vent specialist. If you are concerned about your vents or even just curious what is inside them we’re the company for you! Our thorough vent inspection services are designed to cater to all of our customers needs. Our 4k Camera Inspection equipment allows us to camera every inch of your ducts providing high quality pictures and video for your records. Many In Utah have experienced low quality fly-by-night vent cleaning companies. Vent Inspector works diligently to combat low quality duct cleaning and inspection services. Our end goal is that by setting the bar higher for higher quality duct cleaning our competitors will be forced to step up their game resulting in our community having better duct cleaning services and overall better indoor air. Happy Customers Years in Business Employees Free QuoteGive us a call for a free quote or schedule a call by visiting our contact page. Get Quote Affordable Utah Duct Cleaning Solutions We aren’t just a Utah vent inspection service provider. We provide thorough vent cleaning services to the majority of Utah as well. Our detailed vent cleaning procedures are hard to beat. With a very rigorous check process to ensure all of our customers receive only the best that our team has to offer. Experience Utah’s local air duct cleaning services and avoid unnecessary fees or outdated/low-quality vent cleaning tactics. Our technicians will give it to you straight and visually show you what is inside your vents with our high-quality camera. Our team believes if you are going to have your vents cleaned in Utah that you should do it right the first time otherwise the benefits are very limited and often very limited benefit at all. Learn More Get Quote Improving Your Indoor Air In Utah A professional Utah duct cleaning company will tell you cleaning your vents isn’t all that you can be doing to improve your indoor air quality. In fact, it’s only the first step. Sure, our vent cleaners do a good job at getting everything out and sanitizing behind us as we go. But, it’s our job to inform you of all your options. Let’s Talk about Air filtration with Certified Nasa Space Technology. Yup, you read that right. Our company doesn’t believe in low-quality air filtration devices we only offer the best available. Our Pure & Clean Air Scrubbing System offers continuous indoor air protection from unwanted airborne contaminates and odors. Learn More Get Quote Our Vent Inspection Services Local & Affordable Utah Air Duct Cleaning Services. Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Air Duct Cleaning Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Vent Cover Cleaning Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Duct Repair/Install Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Utah Residential Duct Cleaning Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Utah Commercial Duct Cleaning View All Services Limited Time Offer! Pre Spring Special 10% OFF ALL SERVICES Valid: 03/01/2022 – 05/01/2022 Call (385) 999-7884 Benefits Of Hiring Us To Inspect, Clean, Repair, Or Install Your Vents For Starters, working with Vent inspector Clean, Camera, Repair you’re on the right track to experiencing what exactly makes us different from so many other Air duct cleaning companies in Utah. Our attention to detail and dedication to catering to each and every one of our customer’s needs is our speciality. But we don’t just stop there. Our Affordable Vent cleaning services don’t skip any nooks or corners, when hiring us to perform our air duct cleaning or dryer vent cleaning services you can expect a great deal without sacrificing quality. You don’t have to take our word for it, we will visually show you our before and after cleaning camera inspection. It is strongly advised to ask questions and gather quotes when looking to clean your vents or even improve your indoor air quality. Working with the wrong company can be a nightmare and we hope that none of our customers ever have to experience some of the horror stories we’ve been called out too. We Accept All Major Credit Cards: Call Us Hassle Free, Over-The-Phone Estimates. Call Us (385) 999-7884 Our Client Testimonials Follow Us FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow | "Hired these guys to come out and perform a camera inspection on or vents. We were so grossed out on what we seen we booked a cleaning! They did a fantastic job and we couldnn't be happier!"Robert J. "Incredible Service, Technicians were polite and very professional. Will recommend to friends and family!."Tiffany M. Watch Our Process Get an Easy Over The Phone Estimate Today! Call Now: (385) 999-7884 Email Address Project Type Project TypeFurniture InstallationWindow or Door RepairHardwood FloorsDecks & Outdoor Furniture Describe Your Project in Detail Submit Form About Us Providing Utah with only the highest quality of Vent Inspection, Vent Cleaning, and Vent Repairs/Installation. We are properly Licensed, Bonded & Insured Vent Cleaning Professionals Servicing Utah County successfully for over 10+ Years! Experience A Hassle Free Over-The-Phone Estimate From One Of Our Specialists. Read More Our Location Our Awards: Contact Information Vent Inspector - Clean, Camera, Repair Phone: (385) 999-7884 Email: info@ventinspector.com Location: Spanish Fork UT 84660 Call (385) 999-7884 Service Areas Spanish Fork Springville Provo Salem Payson Hours of Operation Monday6:00 AM–6:00 PMTuesday6:00 AM–6:00 PMWednesday6:00 AM–6:00 PMThursday6:00 AM–6:00 PMFriday6:00 AM–6:00 PMSaturday6:00 AM–6:00 PM