mshbaccounting +971 55 61 53 841 info@mshbaccounting.com Facebook Instagram Whatsapp Linkedin Home About Us Our Services Industries Contact Us WE ARE HERE FOR YOUFree Initial ConsultationMSHB Accounting and Bookkeeping is offering a free first consultation, it can be a valuable opportunity for individuals or businesses seeking accounting and bookkeeping services. This allows you to discuss your financial needs, goals, and any specific challenges you may be facing with a qualified professional from MSHB without incurring any charges.Read More Your ImaginationWe secure and maintain your accountsMSHB has a team of experienced accountants and bookkeepers who are skilled in various aspects of accounting and possess in-depth knowledge of local regulations and international accounting standards.Read More The Way ForwardWe are Building The Future of you.We cover every aspect of accountancy and aspire to understand your business needs for accounting and bookkeeping service s in Dubai, UAE and long-term goals so we can tailor a package that would meet all your requirements.Read More We Provide Perfect Solution For All Accounting and Book keeping Services MSHB Accounting and Bookkeeping prides itself on offering a perfect solution for all bookkeeping services. With their expertise in the field, they can provide comprehensive and accurate bookkeeping solutions tailored to meet the needs of their clients. Saving Your Time 90% Trusted Company 94% Expert Advice help you to stay focused on the task at hand and be more productive. Result Based it is likely that the data set contains data about customer transactions. Professional Team We committed to providing quality services and solutions to our customers. Optimal Planning It produces the most desirable results with the available resources. Expert Business Accounting and Bookkeeping Increase business profitability and gain more time to focus on business-building and revenue-generation. Leverage our robust technical resources and proven processes that come backed by experienced professional accounting insights. MSHB provides cost-effective and scalable business solutions to help take your business to the next level. About MSHB MSHB’s passionate business partners and are expert in the Management, Accounting, Audit, Taxation and Advisory. The team is consisting of Chartered and Management 27+ years of regional experience, with on ground operations in Dubai, MSHB strives to provide customized professional services and solutions for their client requirements. Watch Video About Us Our Vision MSHB’s vision is to provide accurate, transparent and timely delivery of management reports in the region for companies and increase the awareness of the ultimate requirement of Financials, Management, strategic planning and decision, made for small, medium and large organization. MSHB’s passionate business partners and are expert in the Management, Accounting, Audit, Taxation and Advisory. The team is consisting of Chartered and Management accountant with core local experience, with on ground operations in Dubai, MSHB strives to provide customized professional services and solutions for their client requirements. “MSHB accounting is committed to providing the highest quality accounting services with unparalleled customer service and up-to-date technology” – Mohammed Salahuddhin Founder and CEO Our Specialized Services MSHB’s vision is to provide accurate, professional, transparent, fair and timely delivery of management and audit reports in the region for companies and increase the awareness of the ultimate requirement of Financials, Management, VAT services, strategic planning and decision for small, medium and large organization. MSHB providing Accounting services, following few of them Management consultancy These services are provided by experienced consultants who bring an external perspective to the organization Restructuring of financial regulations Financial regulations are the rules and regulations that govern the activities of banks and financial institutions. Debt Collection and Recovery Analysis Services It is a complex process that requires a thorough understanding of the underlying technology. Accounting & Bookkeeping Accounting and bookkeeping is the practice of tracking, recording and analyzing the financial activities of a business. Cost Control & Risk Management Services Cost control and risk management services are used to help organizations manage their financial resources in a manner Billing services provider These services include creating invoices, collecting payments, processing refunds, and managing customer accounts. VAT Consultancy and Services VAT consultancy and services provide advice and assistance to businesses and individuals on the implementation of value-added tax (VAT) legislation. Corporate Tax and Taxation Procedures Follow-up Process of verifying that all required steps are taken and that all tax filings are completed in a timely manner. Bankruptcy Bankruptcy is a legal process through which an individual or company in financial distress can settle their debts 0 + Years Of Experience 0 + Satisfied Customers 0 + Projects Complete Testimonials What Our Clients Say About Us  4.5/5 “I have known Mohammed Salahuddin of MSHB Accounting and Book keeping for a long time but availed his service when I required since a year ago, very professional in management at Finance Forte and his approach and analysis of Finance are the very best and high level which is coupled with his experience make the assessment accurate and business acumen, the explaining and presentation factor are mesmerizing, very helpful to make the business decisions promptly MIS comparison, Taxation, KPI's, Controls, well knowledge, are few of his expertise wish him all the best” TARUN OZAManaging Director Variable Trading LLC "He demonstrates a passionate and dedicated work ethic by consistently delivering excellence in reports and meeting deadlines. His portfolio of Finance Management is highly commendable and we wish him every success in his career. Thank you Salah for your hard work and dedication to our company." Ameenuddin MohamedCEOZMA Electro Mechanic Contract LLC "We found the perfect Finance and Accounts Professional in Mohammed Salahuddin of MSHB Accounting and Bookkeeping. His expertise in strategic planning, decision-making, reports, system analysis, debt collection, budgeting, forecasting, MIS, VAT returns, finance operations, WPS, feasibility studies, company profile costing, inventory management, KPIs, KRIs, policy and procedure development, internal audit, and control is commendable. He is also well-versed in India income tax returns. Salahuddin consistently delivers excellent reports within deadlines. We wish him the best and thank him for his passionate work for our company. Thank you, Salahuddin!" Rasha NoureldinManaging DirectorEleganza La Mode "Such a professional, efficient and responsive company. Mr. Mohammed Salahuddin takes all the stress out of your accounts and always go above and beyond. No question or request is too big or small and they really know their stuff. Their service is impeccable and I can’t recommend them highly enough." Mehul ShahOwner- Travel & Tourism company Dubai "Having worked with MSHB Accounting and Book keeping and Mr. Salahuddin personally, I confidently say that they provide exceptional accounting services. Their expertise and attention to detail are evident in the accurate and timely financial statements that they produce I appreciate their commitment to meeting their clients needs and their willingness to go above and beyond to ensure client satisfaction. Thank you MSHB Accounting and Bookkeeping, and special thanks to Mr. Salahuddin for providing top-notch services for my clients." Mohammed ShibiliBusiness Analyst Digitz Technologies "We World Class Freight LLC are glad to inform you that, we have been in touch with MSHB Accounting for Debt Collection for WFC, Mr. Mohammed Salahuddin and his team has been a great help in giving us with good guidance and proper legal advice on this matter. With Mr. Mohammed Salahuddin and his team support, we have been able to recover some of the funds which were held up with our Customers for past 2 years. World Class Freight LLC strongly recommend MSHB @ Mr. Mohammed Salahuddin for all your debt recovery needs. " Varghese P SamWorld Class Freight LLC THE FIRST CONSULTATION IS FREE OF COST Get Started Now Latest News Analyzing Financial Transactions and Assigning them to Specific Accounts March 13, 2022 Writing Original Journal Entries that Credit and Debit the Appropriate Accounts September 12, 2023 Posting Entries to ledger accounts and adjusting entries at the end of each September 12, 2023 Get In Touch Get started with your amazing project First Name Last Name Your Email Phone Number Message Send Message Your review Your overall rating Select a Rating5 Stars4 Stars3 Stars2 Stars1 Star Title of your review Your review Your name Your email This review is based on my own experience and is my genuine opinion. ​ Submit your review MOOIEDOMEINNAAM.NL CANCELLATION NOTIFICATION Rated 5 out of 5 February 10, 2024 Disclaimer: We are not liable for any monetary losses, data loss, reduction in SEO rankings, lost customers, undeliverable email or any other harm that you may experience after the termination of mooiedomeinnaam.nl. For more info please look at section 89.a.1a of our Terms and Conditions. This is your ultimate warning to extend mooiedomeinnaam.nl: https://domainsystems.co/renew/TU9PSUVET01FSU5OQUFNLk5M In the event that mooiedomeinnaam.nl lapses, we maintain the authority to provide your position to rival businesses in the same sector and region after 3 business days on an auction basis. This serves as the final correspondence that we are obliged to send out regarding the expiration of mooiedomeinnaam.nl Protected Online Payment: https://domainsystems.co/renew/TU9PSUVET01FSU5OQUFNLk5M All services will be instantly reinstated on mooiedomeinnaam.nl if payment is obtained in full before termination. Thank you for your understanding. Victoria Gonzalez Happy Customer Rated 4 out of 5 October 31, 2023 I can’t say enough good things about MSHB Accounting and Bookkeeping Company! The team is professional, knowledgeable, and incredibly responsive to our needs. Michael Davis MSHB is Accounting Services enterprise in Dubai. We are Certified professional and passionate chartered Accountants provides Bookkeeping and Accounting services in Dubai and one of the prominent Accounting firms in Dubai, UAE Facebook Whatsapp Instagram Linkedin Our Services Accounting & Bookkeeping Management consultancy Billing services provider Bankruptcy Recovery Analysis Services Financial regulations Latest News Posting Entries to ledger accounts and adjusting September 12, 2023 Writing Original Journal Entries that Credit and September 12, 2023 Copyright 2023 @ Digitz Technologies All Rights Reserved. ×