Environmental Management and Toxicology (EMT) Home About Programmes Staff Contact Kwara State University Department of Environmental Management and Toxicology (EMT) Get Started Kwara State University Department of Environmental Management and Toxicology (EMT) Get Started Kwara State University Department of Environmental Management and Toxicology (EMT) Get Started About Our Department Brief History Of The Department The Environmental Management and Toxicology programme like many other programmes in the then School of Allied Health and Environmental Sciences (SAHES), was conceived by Dr. Henry Sawyerr, who was the pioneering Dean of the school and Director of the Center for Ecology and Environmental Management and Studies (CEERMS) in the University. The department started with one student in 200L in the 2013/2014 academic session. The unit became fully operational in the 2014/2015 academic session with three academic staff, namely: Mr. Gabriel Salako, now Dr. Gabriel Salako; Miss T. Lasisi, now Mrs. T. Lawrence; and Mr. Bola Salami, currently with the University of Ilorin, and about 15 students. Professor Solomon O. Adewoye from Ladoke Akintola University of Technology Ogbomoso joined the team on sabbatical and was the head of the unit between 2015 and 2016. Dr. G. Salako took over as the head of the unit in 2017. The department was blessed to have dedicated staff, among whom are Mr. Olaniyi A. Opasola (now Dr.), Dr. Biola K. Badmos, and Mrs. Halimat Abdulrahman, who served as members of staff for some time. Dr. Olalekan O. Salami, Mr. Yusuf A. Iyanda, and other staff have been working with Prof. Emmanuel I. Ofoezie, who is on sabbatical leave from Obafemi Awolowo University and is currently the head of the department, to ensure steady and consistent growth in terms of the student population and job readiness, staff development, research output, and community engagement and development. Mission: To provide the necessary training for an understanding of the environment and to build on that foundation by delving into specific concepts that will ultimately enhance contributions to a safe and healthy environment and the achievement of sustainable development goals. Vision: To produce graduates who will make significant contributions to the local and global sustainable development agenda. Goals: • To broadly educate students in the fundamental concepts and principles of toxicology and environmental management. • To equip students with a range of technical skills that can be applied to manage the natural environment. • To instill in our students, invaluable generic skills that will boost their employability and enterprise, as well as their personal and professional development. • To allow students to apply the skills and knowledge they gained during the programme in a vocational setting, as well as to combine practical experience with academic aspects of environmental management and toxicology, creating a strong link between academia and real-life industrial application. Our Programmes HEAD OF DEPARTMENT WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to the Environmental Management and Toxicology (EMT) Department. We believe that if emerging man-made communities are to thrive, the principles that govern the lives of natural communities must be followed. This is because natural ecosystem components coexist in harmony in the absence of (or with minimal) human interference. Emerging cross-cutting specializations in the natural sciences are seeking systematic ways to study the human environment for a sustainable future. Our innovative undergraduate degree programme in Environmental Management and Toxicology is an example of such a hybrid model incorporating aspects of ecotoxicology and environmental management. Programmes/Activities Programmes: B.Sc. Environmental Management and Toxicology with Environmental Management and Environmental Toxicology options. Activities: • All 400-level students participate in the Industrial Attachment (SIWES) Programme in various public and private industries and sectors having environmental content across Nigeria. • Dr. Gabriel Salako represented Kwara State University on its admission as a member of IPBES_UNEP in their 7th Plenary Session in Paris France in May 2019. With this KWASU has become a recognised stakeholder and member of the organisation. • Ecological and Environmental Health mapping services. • Creation of Campus Guide trial version KWASU Campus Guide. • The “Operation Save Shea Butter Tree” campaign was launched by the students in 2019 in the Malete community. • The academic staff in the department are actively involved in the faculty research team and were part of the team that won 2 Tetfund IBR grants for the 2014/15 and 2015/16 academic sessions. • Two of the academic staff also won grants for Ph.D. study and research visits during the 2020/2021 academic session. • All students in the programme undertake a mandatory field course within and outside the Malete-Ilorin community. • In the 2020/2021 academic year, students in 500L, 400L and 300L students carried out various field works at the Olam Industries, Asa-Dam Water Works, University of Ilorin Zoological Gardens and National Museum, Ilorin. • In the 2021/2022 academic year, students in 500L, 400L and 300L students carried out various field works at the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA), Freee Recycle Limited, Ibadan; Agricultural and Rural Management Training Institute (ARMTI) and LUBCON Oil Limited, Ilorin. • In the 2022/2023 academic session, students in 500L, 400L and 300L students carried out various field works at the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA), and National Environmental Standards and Regulations Enforcement Agency (NESREA) Regional Office, Ibadan, LUBCON Oil Limited, and Lower River Niger Basin Development Authority, Ilorin. Research Research in the department covers the following areas: Soil Ecology and Pollution, Forest Ecosystem Monitoring and Management; Application of RS/GIS In Aquatic/Terrestrials Ecosystems; Climate Change; Environmental Health Toxicology; Risk Assessment; Ecological Assessment of chemical pollutants; Soil Pollution Assessment; Nutrient Cycling; Integrated Infrastructure for sustainable waste management; Surveillance, Management and Control of Water related parasitic diseases of public health importance; Air Quality studies and pollution, Water Quality studies. Staff in the department are also involved in interdisciplinary collaboration in projects like: • Ecosystem and Biodiversity Mapping of Malete and Adjoining Communities: Implications on Development Master Plan (TETFund-sponsored, in collaboration with the Department of Plant and Environmental Biology) • Risk-Based Assessment and Mapping of Malaria Distribution in Rural Kwara State (TETFund-sponsored, in collaboration with the Department of Public Health and the Department of Plant and Environmental Biology) Achievement and Milestone The department provides research and consultancy services to the state on Kwara State Social Assessment Vulnerable Indicator (KW-SAVI) in areas such as environmental hazards vulnerability and risk mappings such as flooding, waste management and recycling, disease surveillance, prevalence rate mapping and forecasting, preparation of base map for land use planning and comprehensive development plan as well as a campus guide map. Staff of the department have published about 12 peer-reviewed articles in reputable local and international journals since 2019. Dr. G. A. Salako won a research grant fellowship at Senckerberg-Leibniz, Germany and Tetfund IBR in 2020. The department also produced a campus guide map for staff, students and guests of the university which will soon be distributed for general use. Our Staff Dr. Olalekan Salami Head of Department Email:olalekan.salami@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. Yusuf Aydeji Email:yusuf.iyandaa@kwasu.edu.ng Tel+2348067393831 Mrs Fasilat O Rafiu Email:fasilat.rafiu@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348069056480 Mr. Mohammaed Sani Email: sanni.mohammed@kwsu.edu Tel:+2348063217356 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Environmental Management and Toxicology, Kwara State University, Malete. Head of Department Dr. Olalekan Oluwatoyosi Salami Tel: +2347039214455 Email: olalekan.salami@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/