Bermuda Parliament About parliament House Business Senate Business Hansards Committee Meetings Visitors Info Full website Member Bill Virtual Tour Commonwealth Parliamentary Association Learn About Parliament In the House In the House 2023-2024 Session The House is currently sitting. Listen Live House Senate Cabinet Ministers Parliament Members Renee Ming Backbencher Constituency 1 - St. George's North Kim Swan Junior Minister of Tourism, Culture and Sport Constituency 2 - St. George's West Lovitta Foggo Backbencher Constituency 3 - St. David's Tinee Furbert Minister of Youth, Social Development and Seniors Constituency 4 - St. George's South Derrick Burgess Deputy Speaker of the House of Assembly Constituency 5 - Hamilton East Wayne Furbert Minister of Transport Constituency 6 - Hamilton West Anthony Richardson Backbencher Constituency 7 -Hamilton South Ben Smith Shadow Minister of Education and Sports Constituency 8 - Smiths South Vance Campbell Minister of the Cabinet Office Constituency 9 - Smiths West Michael Dunkley Shadow Minister for National Security and Health Constituency 10 - Smiths North Christopher Famous Backbencher Constituency 11 - Devonshire East Craig Cannonier Opposition Whip and Shadow Minister of Public Works and Tourism Constituency 12 - Devonshire South Central Diallo Rabain Minister of Education Constituency 13 - Devonshire North Central Wayne Caines Backbencher Constituency 14 - Devonshire North West Walter Roban Deputy Premier and Minister of Home Affairs Constituency 15 - Pembroke East Michael Weeks Minister of National Security Constituency 16 - Pembroke East Central Jason Hayward Minister of Economy and Labour Constituency 17 - Pembroke Central David Burt Premier of Bermuda Constituency 18 - Pembroke West Central Jache Adams Backbencher Constituency 19 - Pembroke West Susan Jackson Shadow Minister of Transportation and Seniors Constituency 20 - Pembroke South West Curtis L. Dickinson Backbencher Constituency 21 - Pembroke South East Scott Pearman Shadow Minister of Legal Affairs & Home Affairs, Spokesperson for Finance Constituency 22 - Paget East Jarion Richardson Opposition Leader, and Shadow Minister of Labour, Economic Development, Home Affairs and Cabinet Constituency 23 - Paget West Lawrence Scott Bckbencher Constituency 24 - Warwick South East Ianthia Simmons-Wade Backbencher Constituency 25 - Warwick North East Neville Tyrrell Government Whip Constituency 26 - Warwick South Central Lt. Col David Burch Minister of Public Works Constituency 27 - Warwick North Central Dennis Lister III Backbencher Constituency 28 - Warwick West Zane De Silva Backbencher Constituency 29 - Southampton East Jason Wade Backbencher Constituency 30 - Southampton East Central Crystal Caesar Backbencher Constituency 31 - Southampton West Central Scott Simmons Backbencher Constituency 32 - Southampton West Jamahl Simmons Backbencher Constituency 33 - Sandys South Kim Wilson Minister of Health Constituency 34 - Sandys South Central Dennis Lister Speaker of the House of Assembly Constituency 35 - Sandys North Central Kathy Lynn Simmons Attorney General & Minister of Legal Affairs Constituency 36 - Sandys North All Members Senate Members C-354 (second reading) — An Act to amend the Department of Public Works and Government Services Act (use of wood) The Hon. Joan E. Dillas-Wright President of the Senate John Wight Independent Senator Kiernan Bell Vice President of the Senate Dr. Emily Gail Dill Junior Minister for National Security and Transport The Hon. Owen Darrell Senate Leader and Minister of Tourism, Culture and Sport Arianna Hodgson Junior Minister for Labour, Finance and Health Lindsay Simmons Junior Minister for Social Development and Seniors and Home Affairs Leslie Robinson Junior Minister of Economy & Labour and Public Works Robin Tucker Opposition Senate Leader, Spokesperson for Labour, Home Affairs, Health, Youth, Social Development and Seniors Dwayne Robinson Spokesperson for Education, Public Works, National Security, Tourism, Culture and Sport Dr. Douglas De Couto Shadow Minister for Finance and Economic Development and Spokesperson for Transport and Legal Affairs All Members Cabinet Members C-354 (second reading) — An Act to amend the Department of Public Works and Government Services Act (use of wood) The Hon. E. David Burt, JP, MP Premier of Bermuda The Hon. Walter Roban, JP, MP Deputy Premier and Minister of Home Affairs The Hon. Wayne L. Furbert, JP, MP Minister of Transport The Hon. Michael Weeks JP, MP Minister of National Security The Hon. Jason Hayward, JP, MP Minister of Economy and Labour The Hon. Kim Wilson, JP, MP Minister of Health The Hon. Kathy Lightbourne-Simmons Attorney General & Minister of Legal Affairs Lt. Col. the Hon. David Burch, OBE (Mil), ED, JP, MP Minister of Public Works The Hon. Diallo Rabain, JP, MP Minister of Education The Hon. Vance Campbell, JP, MP Minister of Tourism and Cabinet Office The Hon. Tinee Furbert, JP, MP Minister of Youth, Social Development and Seniors The Hon. Owen Darrell, JP Minister of Youth, Culture and Sports All Members Show more Agenda and Decisions Agenda Decisions House Agenda Wed, August 8, 2018. Subject to change without notice. Decisions Please consult the Hansard, in which the House’s decisions and transactions are officially recorded. Show more Committee Meetings Committee Meetings Wed, August 8, 2018 Earlier (0) Ongoing (0) Later (7) Previous Meeting Next Meeting There were no meetings scheduled earlier today. Previous Meeting Next Meeting There are no ongoing meetings. Previous Meeting Next Meeting Member's Work Members' Work Wed, August 8, 2018 36 Members In office PLP : 25 OBA : 11 50 Bills Presented An idea to make a new law or change an existing law starts out as a bill. 0 Votes Recorded Compilation of recorded votes, where the names of those voting for and against a motion are registered. 13 Committees Established Committees are small groups of parliamentarians created to perform key tasks. BUSINESS AGENDA House Orders of the Day Senate Orders of the Day Member's Work 36 Member in Office PLP: 30 ; OBA: 6 4 Bills Presented 11 Committees Established House Sitting Days Committee Meetings Senate Sitting Days Youth Parliament Business Calendar << Prev Today Next >> × Event Close INFORMATION AND EVENTS Mr Speaker, we have entered the 25th year of the 21st Century. A child born in the year 2000 is likely to have voted at least once, completed secondary and potentially tertiary education, might have children, may be married, and has very likely . . . Read More Budget Speech 2024 Dec, 15 2023 Today it is my pleasure to present to you the One Bermuda Alliance response to the Government’s Budget. We will address the Government’s plans, but our focus is to share with the people of Bermuda . . . Read More Budget Speech Reply 2024 Feb, 23 2024 YOU MIGHT BE INTERESTED IN ... The Speaker of the House President Of Senate Bills Hansards Standing Orders Previous Parliamentary Business Parliamentary Staff View this post on Instagram A post shared by The Legislature of Bermuda (@legislaturebermuda) Copyright Disclaimer PATI Statement