Institute of Education (IOE) Home About Mission Staff Programme Contact Kwara State University Institute of Education (IOE) Get Started Kwara State University Institute of Education (IOE) Get Started Kwara State University Institute of Education (IOE) Get Started About Our Institute • BRIEF HISTORY OF THE SCHOOL Kwara State College of Education was running Sandwich Degree Programmes with the aim of producing professionally qualified and competent teachers who could teach different subjects both in Primary and Secondary Schools. The Programmes were targeted towards serving teachers with the National Certificate of Education (NCE) who could not go to the regular University in pursuit of higher Degree Certification for various reasons. In 2011, a directive to stop Colleges of Education from running Sandwich Degree Programmes and to affiliate the Kwara State College of Education Sandwich Degree Programmes to the Faculty of Education, Kwara State University, Malete, was given by the State Government. This development gave birth to the establishment of the Institute of Education by Kwara State University to run Sandwich Degree Programmes to meet the needs and aspirations of prospective candidates who have NCE and are interested in pursuing various degrees as well as the Post Graduate Diploma programmes in Education. Furthermore, the National Universities Commission (NUC) directed that universities should not run Sandwich Degree Programmes directly through their faculties and colleges. However, the establishment of an independent Unit such as the Institute of Education with its own structure has, over the years, been allowed to run Sandwich Degree Programmes. . Welcome and thank you for your great interest in the Institute of Education (IOE) of KWASU. Our Institute combines small classes, high-quality instruction, and research-based best practices, which all are grounded in local schools, classrooms, and community settings. Our academic and non-academic staff are the greatest asset that we have to offer you. Every one of them is enormously talented in their area of expertise and is committed to furthering better education to meet the desired career goals. The IOE has a conceptual framework with a vision statement that guides our work: "To promote an inclusive and conducive environment to support caring professional educators for the future so that all learners achieve their fullest potential". The Conceptual Framework and information on people and programs are provided in this handbook and on the KWASU IOE website. I invite you to browse our site or mail (ioe@kwasu.edu.ng) to learn more about the IOE, our staff, and professional preparation programs. Please contact us if you would like additional information. Professor Ibrahim Laro ABUBAKAR Director, Institute of Education. MISSION STATEMENT • OUR MISSION The philosophy of the Institute of Education is the promotion of manpower development to meet the challenging needs of our educational Institutions, particularly primary and secondary schools. The goal of the University’s Postgraduate Studies is not just to become a reference point for academic excellence but to produce persons of outstanding qualities, eminence and integrity through quality teaching and world-class research efforts. • OUR VISION The vision is the development of world-class educators to lead a diverse community of learners toward an understanding of and active participation in a highly complex world. In doing so, the IOE seeks to be a community of diverse teachers/leaders who ensure exemplary learning and wellness opportunities for all individuals. OUR GOALS The overarching theme of KWASU Institute of Education's conceptual framework is "Making the Teaching—Learning Connection." As a team; we highly value our own experiences, candidate learning processes, and student learning outcomes. The objectives of the IOE are to: a. Encourage a Town and Gown relationship which will bring about mutual benefits. b. Provide relevant ideas, information, and practices that will contribute to growth and development in the education sector within and outside the State. c. Train qualified manpower who will teach pupils/students in both primary and secondary schools. d. Contribute actively to the State Government Programmes at all levels. e. Assist in generating revenue for the University. • AVAILABLE PROGRAMMES POST GRADUATE DIPLOMA IN EDUCATION and SANDWICH DEGREE PROGRAMMES B.Sc. (Ed) Business Education B.Ed. Early Childhood and Primary Education B.Ed. Educational Management Education B.Sc. (Ed) Human Kinetics and Health Education B.Ed. Special Education B.Sc. (Ed) Agricultural Science Education B.Sc. (Ed) Biology Education B.Sc. (Ed) Chemistry Education B.Sc. (Ed) Computer Science Education B.Sc. (Ed) Mathematics Education B.Sc. (Ed) Physics Education B.A. (Ed) Arabic Language Education B.A. (Ed) Christianity Education B.A. (Ed) English Language Education B.A. (Ed) Islamic Studies Education B.A. (Ed) French Language Education B.A. (Ed) Yoruba Language Education Post Graduate Diploma in Education (PGDE) OUR STAFF Prof. Ibrahim Laro ABUBAKAR Director Email: ibrahimlaro.abubakar@kwasu.edu.ng TEL:+234-803-407-7104 Google Scholar link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=IUT0h50AAAAJ&hl=en Abdullahi Ibrahim Salahu-Deen Deputy Director Email: ibrahim.abdullahi@kwasu.edu.ng Google Scholar link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=xweg48oAAAAJ Idris Tunde ZUBAIR Administrative Officer Email:tundezubair@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+234-08062195218 Rafiat Jumoke ADEYEMI Secretary Email:azeez.musbaudeen@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-08039308602 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Institute of Education, Kwara State University, Malete. Tel: +234-8034077104 Email: ioe@kwasu.edu.ng . Director Prof. Ibrahim Laro ABUBAKAR Tel: +234-803-407-7104 Email:ibrahimlaro.abubakar@kwasu.edu.ng Software/E-Learning Operator Rafiat Jumoke ADEYEMI Tel:+234-806-637-1604 Email: rafiat.adeyemi@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Romawibet Rajavigor Rajavigor Gacor4d Dewaslot88 Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/