The Isle of Gigha About Community Trust Community Groups Community Fund News & Events Contact Welcome to the Gigha community website where you will find out about the Isle of Gigha Heritage Trust, community groups, projects, events, volunteering and local news. For visitor information, please go to www.visitgigha.co.uk About Gigha Previous Next Community buyout Heritage Island Facilities Housing and Moving to Gigha Welcome to Gigha Guide Visitor Information Welcome to the community-owned Isle of Gigha, the most southerly and one of the most beautiful of the Hebridean Islands. Seven miles long by a mile and a half wide, Gigha is situated three miles west of the Kintyre peninsula, less than three hour drive from the city of Glasgow. Since the community buyout in 2002 the island has gone from strength to strength with a growing population and a sustainable local economy. On this website, you can find out more about the Community Trust as well as other community initatives and news. To find out more about the variety of nearby accommodation options, restaurants, and attractions, please go to visitgigha.co.uk Isle of Gigha Heritage Trust Previous Next Development Projects Windfarm IGHT Members IGHT Newsletters Board Minutes Policies IGHT contacts IGHT Directors Job Vacancies & Business Opportunities The Isle of Gigha was put on the market in 2001 and the community were encouraged to purchase and own the island. Gigha was handed over to the Isle of Gigha Heritage Trust (IGHT) on the 15th March 2002, a day that is marked on the island every year as “Gigha Day”. The Trust is managed by a Board of voluntary Directors. They are elected by the membership to develop the assets of the island and take forward plans and projects for the community. There are several subsidiary companies in place to generate income to the Trust that helps to continue to develop the island. - Gigha Trading Ltd - The trading arm of the Trust that manages Gigha moorings, airstrip and the new Camp & Motorhome site. - Gigha Green Power Ltd - Operates an Enercon E33 turbine. - Gigha Renewable Energy Ltd - Operates the three "Dancing Ladies" V27 turbines. IGHT currently has 8 full-time paid employees and 6 part-time paid employees. This staff team support the 4 company Boards and help manage the daily business of the Trust. We also have many volunteers that undertake a wide variety of jobs and support projects on the island. Community Groups & Projects Our Island Zero Carbon Gigha Dark Skies Thencommunity play a key role in taking forward different initatives on Gigha. Here you will find out about different community-led projects and groups. Gigha Community Fund Previous Next How to apply Awards The Gigha Community Fund has been established to invest funds from Gigha Renewable Energy Limited back into the Gigha community through supporting small scale initatives and projects. The Fund supports projects or activities that can demonstrate they will deliver against the wider objectives of the Isle of Gigha Heritage Trust. These objectives aim to: -Develop skills - Improve health and wellbeing - Relieve poverty - Protect and conserve the environment - Protect and promote heritage and culture - Support active community engagement News & Events 2024 Events Dancing Ladies turn 30 Dark Sky Award for Campsite Gigha Housing Development Protecting Gigha's Woodlands Gigha Hotel Funding Gigha Helipad IGHT collaborate with Kintyre Gin on a special Gigha gin bottlingPodcast: Gigha and community ownership with Ailsa RaeburnScottish Housing News: "You cannot own the land... the land owns you."The ups and downs of community ownership – Gigha reflects on historic buyout 20 years agoScotland needs more public ownership to keep communities alive and thriving£2m funding boost for Argyll and Bute community projectsIsland of the Month #5 GighaWe bought the real Murder Island: The inspiring true story of the Isle of GighaCreating resilient and sustainable islandsIsle of Gigha transformed for new show Murder IslandScots island stars in new TV series penned by Ian Rankin Contact Us Isle of Gigha on Social Media Find Us Email Please contact the Isle of Gigha Heritage Trust by email using the form below. Any information disclosed to the Isle of Gigha Heritage Trust via this contact form will not be passed on to any third parties. All information is handled in full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018. Please check out our visitor website (www.visitgigha.co.uk) for specific contact details for other businesses on the island. name emailaddress phonenumber messagedetails Send Email Accessibility | Privacy Site by Redstone Websites - Easy to Use Web Content Management.