Green Schools Project | Climate Education, Low Carbon solutions Skip to content Home About Contact us Join Us SUPPORT USSUPPORT US Main Menu Home About Contact us Join Us Support us Slide 1Young people have an important role to play in determining howwe respond and prepare for the consequence of climate change.Slide 1Young people have an important role to play in determining howwe respond and prepare for the consequence of climate change.Slide 1Young people have an important role to play in determining howwe respond and prepare for the consequence of climate change. Climate Testimonials I appreciate the implementation of Green Schools Project in our School. We assure you that the expected impacts of the project will be achieve and sustained.Ogungbemi, P. O. Principal, Federal Science & Technical CollegeI appreciate the implementation of Green Schools Project in our School. We assure you that the expected impacts of the project will be achieve and sustained.Etim UdoEtoi Primary School GREEN SCHOOLS PROJECT is creating platform for students, teachers and pupils to champion initiatives toward climate resilient and low carbon in their schools and communities. TESTIMONIALS “I appreciate the implementation of Green Schools Project in our School. We assure you that the expected impacts of the project will be achieve and sustained.”Ogungbemi, P. O. Principal, Federal Science & Technical College“Finally, we have a platform to contribute to environmental sustainability in our school.” Rev. Fr. Dr. Columbus ArchibongPrincipal, Holy Family College, Abak“Green Schools Project is an innovative initiative every school should join considering numerous benefits to both the students, teachers and the school.”Mr. Joseph EtonDirector of Monitoring and Evaluation, Akwa Ibom State Secondary Education Board. GREEN SCHOOLS PROJECT is creating platform for students, teachers and pupils to champion initiatives toward climate resilient and low carbon in their schools and communities. MILESTONESOur numbers that speak 50k+fruit trees planted and nurseries gardens established. 270+climate education delivered with educational materials distributed. 10+Green Schools Quiz and debate competition delivered. 75Schools participated. 25train-the-trainers sessions delivered for Green Coordinators. 20Sport activities organised. SUPPORTED BY GIVE US A HANDSupport the Green Schools Project today!Learn More Contact Us +2349076461559 info@greenschoolsproject.ng Green Schools Project is a non-profit initiative of African Center for Environment, Agriculture & Rural Development and Registered in Nigeria. Subscribe to our newsletter Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *CommentSubmit Copyright © 2024 Green Schools Project | Designed by Wizkid Infotech