Ian Strand Ian Strand Home (current) Ian Strand's Web Development Projects This domain serves as an archive for all of my web development work.Visit my official portfolio website at ianstrand.com! About Me Ian is a San Diego-based web developer and artist. He has been designing and creating websites since 2016. Ian is experienced with UI / UX, responsive, and mobile-first design practices as well as cross-browser testing. Ian has a background in art and design — including digital and graphic design, and photography, and videography. He also has more than five years of experience producing materials for print and online promotional purposes. Specific areas of focus in his studies have included abstract expressionist oil painting, experimental projection, and animation. (Cartoon Bird) Skills Languages HTML5 CSS3 SASS / SCSS / LESS JavaScript Ajax techniques ReactJS, AngularJS, jQuery libraries PHP7 SQL Ruby Processing (flexible software sketchbook) Tools & Practices Git / version control Website management WordPress CMS Squarespace CMS cPanel Mass emailing best practices UI / UX design Figma Wireframing tools Axure RP Website mockup creation Code Editors Visual Studio Code Webstorm Sublime Text Design Photo and video editing Adobe Illustrator InDesign Photoshop After Effects XD Dreamweaver Substance 3D Clip Studio Paint Avid Pro Tools Media Composer Autodesk Maya Mudbox 3ds Max Rhino Microsoft Office Experience Ian currently works at Rosemont Media and has previously worked for the Athenaeum Music & Arts Library and Rolling Design. He also has experience working in both creative nonprofit and web development fields as an independent contractor. Ian has volunteered for the ACLU, the Veterans Village of San Diego, the San Diego County Young Democrats, and the San Diego International Film Festival, the North Coastal Art Gallery in a variety of creative and marketing roles. Education San Diego Mesa College Associate of Science, Web Development, 2023 Certificate of Achievement, Web Design, 2021 Penny W. Stamps School Of Art & Design, University of Michigan Bachelor of Arts, Art & Design, 2017 University of Michigan Bachelorof Arts, Screen Arts & Cultures, 2017 Exhibitions 2016 TEDxUofM Chroma Gallery, Ann Arbor, MI 2015 2.99e8 Gallery at Palmer Commons, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI Awards 2016 Residential College Study Abroad Scholarship 2016 Anderson Ranch Arts Center Student Scholarship 2015 Guy Palazzola Award for portfolio © Ian Strand