Arana – Welcome to the jungle Skip to content Where the energy of the jungle & ocean comes aliveand the spirit of sustainability thrives Embrace the Energy of the Jungle & Ocean Where Adventure Meets Sustainability in a Tropical Paradise Welcome to Arana, an unique business that combines the beauty of the jungle with elements of sustainability and local culture. Arana - අරණ, which means "forest" or "jungle" in Sinhalese, is more than just a name – it represents our deep connection to nature and our commitment to promoting its energy and preserving its wonders. At Arana, we are proud to offer a diverse range of services that cater to both locals and tourists seeking an unforgettable experience in the heart of Weligama, Sri Lanka. Our journey began with our passion for the ocean, the lush jungles, and the vibrant culture that surrounds us. Inspired by the natural beauty of our surroundings, we envisioned a place that would harmoniously blend adventure, relaxation, and sustainability. Coming Soon Are you interested in teaming up with us? Read more here Work With Us Filming Studio Details Scenario Writing Details Editing Unit Details Coming Soon Documentary lacinia eget conse ctetur sed conv allis tellus cura bitur aliquet quam id dui posuere blandit cras ultricies. Filming lacinia eget conse ctetur sed conv allis tellus cura bitur aliquet quam id dui posuere blandit cras ultricies. Cinema lacinia eget conse ctetur sed conv allis tellus cura bitur aliquet quam id dui posuere blandit cras ultricies. Photography lacinia eget conse ctetur sed conv allis tellus cura bitur aliquet quam id dui posuere blandit cras ultricies. Clients Vivamus magna justo lacinia eget conse ctetur semino. MORE ON SOCIAL NETWORKS Portfolio-01Video ProductionMore Portfolio-02EditingMore Portfolio-03Video DevelopmentMore 0 Team members 0 Projects 0 Editing 0 Shared Grow Together Let's Get Started Join Us LOCATION Weligama, Sri Lanka contact info@arana-srilanka.com follow us Facebook-f Instagram Tiktok © 2023 Arana. All rights reserved. LOCATION Weligama, Sri Lanka contact info@arana-srilanka.com follow us Facebook-f Instagram Tiktok © 2023 Arana. All rights reserved.