 Sensorium Psychologists | Learning Difficulties, Clinical Services, Certificate Courses, Online Consultancy, Webinar and Workshops! Working time:Monday - Friday: 08 AM - 06 PM Course Login Course/Student/Franchise Diagnostics Login School/Franchise Home About Us Our Services Psychology Training Program (EPTP) Clinical Services Courses Webinars Workshops Learning difficulties Screening Management Online Consultancy Book an online appointment Blog Payment Login Contact To Identify high achieving students interested to pursue psychology/ psychology related courses. Early Psychology Training Program (EPTP) Early Psychology Training Program (EPTP) is the nation's first psychology talent training program. Sensorium is happy to announce this program in association with IRIS national fair (Initiative for Research and Innovation in Science) and ARPPI(Association of Rehabilitation Psychologists and Professionals). Know More Sensorium Psychologists have introduced courses in various advance domains, techniques in the field of Psychology i.e. Psychometrics and psychotherapies. Our Courses Offered courses provide interesting modules of all the related subjects. One can start these courses at any time and fee for course is also affordable. Online allows you to pursue a specialisation best aligned to your career aspirations, from the comfort of your home. Choose from a wide array of advanced courses. Join Courses Learning difficulties! Are you worried about your child's learning? Does your child struggle with reading, spelling or writing skills? Understanding the text is difficult for your child? IF YES, DO NOT IGNORE THESE SIGNS, CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY OR REGISTER FOR SCREENING. Screening Experienced Psychologists Online Consultancy Sensorium Psychologists provide online expert consultation from a plethora of experienced psychologists from various domains to solve all your problems. Book an appointment Now NEXT COURSE: Early Psychology Training Program - To Commence from ( 01st June 2021) 20Days 08Hrs 40Mins 56secs Our Services We at Sensorium Psychologists proud to be a part of the proven success of child care and education programs. Our child care services include IQ testing, Occupational Therapy, Phonological Training, Behavior Modification and many more. We maintain excellent student satisfaction and proud to be a leader in strengthening the child care. Clinics When a learning difficulty is suspected in a child, screenings are highly recommended. Screenings can be short and online assessment tool that can indicate the level of risk and also can recommend for further comprehensive testing if required. If dyslexia, dysgraphia, ADHD or dyscalculia are suspected, comprehensive testing can be performed by a certified psychologist. read more Courses Sensorium Psychologists have introduced courses in various advance domains, techniques in the field of Psychology i.e. psychometrics and psychotherapies. Offered courses provide interesting modules of all the related subjects. One can start these courses at any time and fee for course is also affordable. read more Learning Difficulties Children with Learning Difficulties/ Disabilities can be found in all of our schools and at all age levels. No doubt, the earlier we can detect these problems, the better for the child. Many learning problems in childhood and even in adolescence go un-noticed, only to become a sudden shock to the parents when finally detected and labeled "poor reading" or "poor spelling disability". read more Webinars The 21st century education reignites hope towards equality in opportunity and education as complete inclusion. We have contributed significantly to the process of learning and striving towards excellence in the field of management of learning, intellectual and developmental disabilities. read more Early Psychology Training Program (EPTP) To Identify high achieving students interested to pursue psychology/ psychology related courses. Selected students will be provided with mentorship and training to become successful and dynamic individuals, who can contribute nationally and internationally to fulfil the deficit of professional manpower for managing mental health in various fields. read more Workshops 1. Workshops that make Teaching more effective & exciting 2. Workshops for Understanding Child 3. Workshops for Effective Classroom Management 4. Skill Specific Workshops 5. Teacher (Self) Development Workshops 6. Workshops for children 7. Workshop for Parents read more Online Consultancy Sensorium Psychologists provide online expert consultation from a plethora of experienced psychologists from various domains to solve all your problems. Book an appointment NOW read more ENROLLMENT Join professional certificate courses in just 3 steps 1 Select the course Sensorium Psychologists have introduced courses in various advance domains, techniques in the field of Psychology i.e. psychometrics and psychotherapies. 2 Register One can start these courses online at any time and fee for course is also affordable. 3 Login and learn Online allows you to pursue a specialisation best aligned to your career aspirations, from the comfort of your home. OUR COURSES Sensorium Psychologists have introduced courses in various advance domains, techniques in the field of Psychology i.e. psychometrics and psychotherapies. Offered courses provide interesting modules of all the related subjects. One can start these courses at any time and fee for course is also affordable. Online allows you to pursue a specialisation best aligned to your career aspirations, from the comfort of your home. Choose from a wide array of advanced courses. LD Certificate course in Child Psychology CCD Certificate course in Dysgraphia Management Magneto Graphics CPPD Certificate course in Phonological processing disorder CCD&LR Certificate course in Dyslexia & Linguistic reading program CCECD Certificate course in early childhood development ELP Enhanced learning program – A Vocab Comprehension More Courses 24 YEARS 50+ TEACHERS 500 STUDENTS 800+ EVENTS OUR EVENTS Our department initiated a series of events 18 August 2019 Sociolympics - Forum 4 able Event On 18-08-2019 - 18-08-2019 REGISTER 30 April 2020 Talent Knows No Boundaries Event On 10-05-2020 - 10-05-2020 REGISTER Recent Program Winners/Scholars Winners/Scholars Webinar and Workshops Get latest Webinar and Workshops. What is Psychology ? 14 May 2021 admin By Dr. Rajiv Nandy - https://www.instagram.com/reel/COFYfBwJS1e/?igshid=8hhnmp4tnakm... COVID patients in home isolation 14 May 2021 admin 8 Tips for COVID patients in home isolation... NEWSLETTER Subscribe and get the latest news and useful tips, event and workshop schedule SUBSCRIBE Considering the enormity of the problem, Sensorium Psychologists came into existence to alleviate the sufferings in all age range i.e children, adolescents and adults. Sensorium Psychologists have been there since the last one decade. USEFUL LINK Home About us Services Events Blog Refund Policy General Terms Help FAQs RECENT POST What is Psychology ? 14 May 2021 COVID patients in home isolation 14 May 2021 CONTACT C-272, Vivek Vihar, Delhi - 110095, Delhi, India (+91) 9810021054 (+91) 886001027 info@sensoriumpsycologists.com Monday - Friday, 08:00AM - 06:00 PM Copyright © 2024 Sensorium Psychologists All Rights Reserved by InfoCityHosting