Golden Group / If You Can Dream It...We Can Build It. Home Company Profile Residential Projects Surat Bharuch Ankleshwar Comercial Projects Surat Bharuch Ankleshwar Industrial Projects Surat Bharuch Ankleshwar News & Events Contact Send an inquiry Looking for a luxurious and affordable Project of your Dream? * Please Fill Required Fields * For Inquiry +91 97125 74000 Working Hours We are happy to meet you during our working hours. Please make an appointment. Monday - Friday:9am to 5pm Saturday:10am to 3pm Sunday:Closed Home Company Profile Residential Projects Surat Bharuch Ankleshwar Comercial Projects Surat Bharuch Ankleshwar Industrial Projects Surat Bharuch Ankleshwar News & Events Contact Request a Quote Looking for a luxurious and affordable Project of your Dream? * Please Fill Required Fields * Toll Free +91 99247 34000 Working Hours We are happy to meet you during our working hours. Please make an appointment. Monday - Friday:9am to 5pm Saturday:10am to 3pm Sunday:Closed Know About Mission Statement Established in 2011, Golden group has constructed dreams for thousands. Based in Surat, Gujarat, Golden Group has built some of the most iconic Residential and Commercial infrastructures with most lavishing and luxurious amenities. In 9 years, Golden Group has successfully established 7 projects with total constructed space of 20 lakh sq. ft. These projects comprise of 658 residential units & 809 commercial units. Golden Group is dedicated to provide quality with comfort and for that we are equipped with incomparable technical excellence to create comfortable and modern buildings with state of the art designs. 2 & 3 BHK Luxurious Flats in Bharuch Find out More Take A Tour 1 & 2 bhk luxurious flats in bharuch Find out More Take A Tour 3 & 4 bhk luxurious flats in utran-surat Find out More Take A Tour New language of shopping - golden square bharuch Find out MoreTake A Tour Find inner peace within you - golden homes Find out MoreTake A Tour 5000 Happy Customers 2 MILLION Sqft Constructed Since 2011 7 Lavishing Projects If You Can Dream It. We Can Build It. Established in 2011, Golden group has constructed dreams for thousands. Based in Surat, Gujarat, Golden Group has built some of the most iconic Residential and Commercial infrastructures with most lavishing and luxurious amenities. In 9 years, Golden Group has successfully established 7 projects with total constructed space of 20 lakh sq. ft. These projects comprise of 658 residential units & 809 commercial units. Golden Group is dedicated to provide quality with comfort and for that we are equipped with incomparable technical excellence to create comfortable and modern buildings with state of the art designs. Golden Projects ALL ONGOING COMPLETED UPCOMING Golden Luxuria Bharuch 2 & 3 BHK FLATS EXPLORE Golden Villa Ankleshwar EXPLORE Golden Residency Bharuch 1 & 2 BHK EXPLORE Golden Heaven Surat 3 & 4 BHK FLATS EXPLORE Golden Homes Ankleshwar 3 BHK Bungalows EXPLORE Golden Palm Villa Ankleshwar EXPLORE Golden Palm Plaza Ankleshwar EXPLORE Golden Square Bharuch EXPLORE Golden Square Ankleshwar EXPLORE Golden Industrial Estate EXPLORE Golden Heaven Surat 3 & 4 BHK FLATS EXPLORE Golden Luxuria Bharuch 2 & 3 BHK FLATS EXPLORE Golden Residency Bharuch 1 & 2 BHK EXPLORE Golden Homes Ankleshwar 3 BHK Bungalows EXPLORE Golden Palm Villa Ankleshwar EXPLORE Golden Palm Plaza Ankleshwar EXPLORE Golden Square Bharuch EXPLORE Golden Square Ankleshwar EXPLORE Golden Industrial Estate EXPLORE Golden Villa Ankleshwar EXPLORE We are Constructive Quality Golden Group is aim to achieve extreme quality Products. Our quality principles are manifested through our choice of material, execution of project, and project handover standards. Commitment Our words are what bind our relations with customers. Our Projects are planned to fulfil our comitments towards customers and supliers. We strive to meet the project scheduling on time, every time. Trust Golden Group is known for the transparency kept during the development and sales. We strongly believe that trust is the foundation of everything. Don't hesitate, When you have Questions, We’re here to Help Contact Us For Inquiry : +91 97125 74000 × © 2024 Golden Group. All rights reserved. designed & developed by Prime Technosoft To Top