Home - ABJ Case Studies Our Approach Webinar About Case Studies Our Approach Webinar About Request a call back Optimize your spend. Futurize your business “No Savings, No Fee” - our guarantee. Bringing expertise from 45,000 engagements over 32 years to improve cash flows in your business! Using deep industry knowledge and data insights to help clients achieve sustainable improvements in profitability. Case Studies Schedule a Meeting Manufacturer Achieves $400,000 Savings During Global Pandemic The client designs and fabricates best-in-class enclosures and shelters that protect equipment and makes field work easier and safer. Read More ERA produces $785,000 in savings for food processing company A full line food processor providing prepared food products to retailers (grocery stores, club stores), restaurants, schools and airlines, was looking to get a second opinion on its food packaging costs. Read More ERA Helps Whatley Health Services Find Over $400,000 in Additional Cash Flow Whatley Health Services, Inc. is a private, nonprofit community health center whose mission is to provide primary health care services to the medically underserved residents of West Alabama. Read More Previous Next Manufacturer Achieves $400,000 Savings During Global Pandemic The client designs and fabricates best-in-class enclosures and shelters that protect equipment and makes field work easier and safer. Read More ERA produces $785,000 in savings for food processing company A full line food processor providing prepared food products to retailers (grocery stores, club stores), restaurants, schools and airlines, was looking to get a second opinion on its food packaging costs. Read More ERA Helps Whatley Health Services Find Over $400,000 in Additional Cash Flow Whatley Health Services, Inc. is a private, nonprofit community health center whose mission is to provide primary health care services to the medically underserved residents of West Alabama. Read More Previous Next Thousands of companies helped. Billions of dollars saved. Deep industry expertise with 800+ senior delivery specialists across 40+ cost categories Treasury Insurance Property Taxes Merchant Card Fees Payroll & HR System Truck Load Medical Supplies Waste Management Utilities Small Parcel Frieght Packaging Hardware Food Services Printing Services Security Services Chemicals Previous Next Treasury Insurance Property Taxes Merchant Card Fees Payroll & HR System Truck Load Medical Supplies Waste Management Utilities Small Parcel Frieght Packaging Hardware Food Services Printing Services Security Services Chemicals Mature, proven process developed across thousands of client engagements Complimentary Cost Analysis Complimentary spend analysis to benchmark your spend, identify potential areas and savings opportunity Cost Optimization Plan Custom plans to refine business expenses to maximize efficiency and minimize unnecessary costs. Vendor Management Strategically negotiate and cultivate positive relationships with your vendors to secure favorable terms. 0 % Insurance 0 % Technology 0 % Payroll Processing Case Studies Manufacturer Achieves $400,000 Savings During Global Pandemic ERA produces $785,000 in savings for food processing company How to Navigate Inflationary Headwinds Through Cost Optimization Manufacturer structures hidden savings of $544,000 in chemicals View All Measurable value realized 'ABJ partners’ shipping experts identified actionable changes and partnered with us to implement them throughout our company. In addition to meaningful savings, our engagement with ABJ Partners enhanced the executive team's knowledge of small package freight and reinforced the cost focus throughout the company.” E.B. Bradley CO. Specialty Hardware & Surfacing Products ERA achieved excellent results because it performed a detailed analysis of our business expenses, something we ourselves could not have done in the short term. ERA's knowledge of operating costs allowed our company to improve its efficiency. Luisa Barraza Standards and Processes Manager | Pfizer Mexico ..to date our experience with ERA has been exemplary since we obtained important savings, more than we believed at the beginning of the project... I highly recommend them. Sietze Terpstra Supply Chain Manager | Lala Group ERA México and we decided to hire them to work on projects. I am sure that we could not have achieved the results obtained without your support. An interesting aspect is that they are not only satisfied with having savings but also seek to improve the quality of products and services, and help us establish better ties with our suppliers. José María de la Mora CFO | Puratosfrom Mexico Previous Next 'ABJ partners’ shipping experts identified actionable changes and partnered with us to implement them throughout our company. In addition to meaningful savings, our engagement with ABJ Partners enhanced the executive team's knowledge of small package freight and reinforced the cost focus throughout the company.” E.B. Bradley CO. Specialty Hardware & Surfacing Products ERA achieved excellent results because it performed a detailed analysis of our business expenses, something we ourselves could not have done in the short term. ERA's knowledge of operating costs allowed our company to improve its efficiency. Luisa Barraza Standards and Processes Manager | Pfizer Mexico ..to date our experience with ERA has been exemplary since we obtained important savings, more than we believed at the beginning of the project... I highly recommend them. Sietze Terpstra Supply Chain Manager | Lala Group ERA México and we decided to hire them to work on projects. I am sure that we could not have achieved the results obtained without your support. An interesting aspect is that they are not only satisfied with having savings but also seek to improve the quality of products and services, and help us establish better ties with our suppliers. José María de la Mora CFO | Puratosfrom Mexico Previous Next Our Experienced Leadership Team VIP Jain Chairman Kamal Prabhakar CEO Achal Tandon Partner Raghu Rao Non-Executive Partner Raj Patel Non-Executive Partner Shrikant Nistane Non-Executive Partner Ravi Ravikumar Non-Executive Partner Hitesh Barot Non-Executive Partner Request a call back Information Home About Case Studies USA +1 (954) 559-5393 info@abjpartners.com 2 Silvers Lane, Plainsboro New Jersey, USA UK +44 7950 200442 info@abjpartners.com 134 Buckingham Palace Rd, London, SW1W 9SA, UK Copyright © ABJ | All Right Reserved