Holy Cross School,Mullurkara Menu Home About Us Annual Report Mandatory Public Disclosure About SCC Motto History test administration Students council Managing Committee Staff Members Functions INSTITUTION Fees Structure School Timing Instruction Behavior Facilities Download TC Download Gallery Contact Our Holy institution is like a light on the rock, it radiates love and knowledge to the needy around. Our Vision & Mission VISION:- The school mission is to would well integrated personalities not only intellectually bright be also morally upright, spiritually inspired, emotionally mature, culturally strengthened, aesthetically renewed, and socially committed young boys and girls for our society. We strive to would the children with a keen sense of discipline, responsibility, initiative, self reliance and integrity and to bring about refinement of manners gentleness language and to develop a habit of obedience, order and neatness in person. We strive for excellence through hard work. MISSION:- Holy Cross School aims at forming well integrated persons, who will strive to transform society, by meeting the challenges of life. Photo Gallery News & Events Happy new year... Happy Independence day... Students From Kerala to Take Part in University Rover Challenge. Demand for CBSE Unaided School to come under Center Control. More News Principal's Message Education empowers a person with knowledge, skills and values. The quality of education enhanced by developing the social, cultural, spiritual physical and emotional potential, guiding the children towards service to the nation. In this context, the student of Holy Cross School living and learning in an eco-friendly environment are motivated to become person of character. Read More Location VIEW GOOGLE MAP HOLY CROSS SCHOOLMULLURKARA THALAPPILLYTHRISSUR KERALA-680583School: 04884 271899Convent: 04884 272501 Email:mholycrossschool@yahoo.com Quick Links Downloads Photo Gallery Links News Copyright © 2024 Holy Cross School All right reserved. Designed by GJ Infotech (P) Ltd.