home. - Principal Consulting 1-631-329-3380 Skip to content MENU MENU home. about. services.Menu Toggle seo. structured data. website design-build-manage. analytics. testimonials. contact. blog. privacy policy insightful, technical digital marketing for forward-thinking clients. insightful, technical digital marketing for forward-thinking clients. find out more. 1-631-329-3380 Click to email us capabilities. search engine optimization. You do want to get found online in organic search, don’t you? We take a rock-solid engineering approach to optimizing your website, starting with a comprehensive site audit, building an optimization plan, and delivering results. Right, let’s learn more about search engine optimization… structured data management. You would love search engines to rank your website for relevant queries, wouldn’t you? How about winning at voice search, and getting top visibility in cars, on smart watches, and by digital assistants? We can help… Structured data is an effective vehicle for conveying the meaning and import of your website content to Google, Bing, and other search engines. Sounds great. Let’s get some structure in your website’s life… website design / build / manage. You do want a compelling, performant, and visible website, right? We build, optimize, and maintain fast, beautiful WordPress websites and manage industry-focused website platforms, as well.OK, let’s see more about website services… analytics strategy and reporting. What good is having a website if you have no idea who is visiting or what they do when they visit? Not much good at all. Your web properties, including your Facebook, Instagram, and other social platform content should be working for you. Are they doing their job? Our analytics strategy and reporting service makes sure you know and act. if you don't see it, ask. We, and our colleagues provide many other digital marketing services, from online educational course development to graphics design, pay-per-click marketing, and social media management. Visit our contact page and tell us what you need. We are here to help you in your digital marketing mission. some forward thinking clients. don't be coy, say hello. contact us. 1-631-329-3380 Click to Email Principal Consulting LLC. Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved. Scroll to Top