Open Journal System Universitas Palembang Skip to main content Skip to main navigation menu Skip to site footer Register Login This is the page of the Palembang University open journal system Journals Enrich: Jurnal Pendidikan, Bahasa, Sastra dan Linguistik Enrich: Education, Language and Linguistic is specialized to undergraduate and postgraduate students’ study, but it is also opened for scientists, researchers, academics, and professionals in Education, English Language Teaching and languistics. This open-access journal publishes empirical and theoretical scientific paper and reviews as well. We admit scientific paper from education, english language teaching and linguistics perspective and other social science that related to teaching and applied linguistics. Enrich: Education, Language and Linguistic prepare issues in ducation, english language teaching and linguistics twice time a year (June, December). Presently, Enrich: Education, Language and Linguistic is under Program Studi Pendidikan Bahasa Inggris, Universitas Palembang. Enrich: Education, Language and Linguistic is a scientific communication media which is issued by English Education Study Program , Universitas Palembang . Published by , Universitas Palembang. Enrich: Education, Language and Linguistic is dedicated to researchers and academics intent on publishing research paper, technical paper, conceptual paper and case study reports. Enrich: Education, Language and Linguistic, E-ISSN 2963-5926, p-ISSN 2745-9071, published twice in a year View Journal Current Issue Jurnal Teknik Elektro Jurnal Teknik Elektro established in 2011 and ISSN : 2089-2950 (print) ISSN : 2715-565X (Online). It is a peer –reviewed international journal to be of interest and use to all those concerned with research in various fields of, or closely related to Electrical or Electrical Engineering. The scope of the journal includes all theoretical findings and new experimental in the field of Electrical Engineering : Power Systems, Signal, System, and Electronics, Communication Systems, Informations Electronic Technology . Jurnal Teknik Elektro (JTE) published by the Electrical Engineering Study Program Faculty of Engineering, University of Palembang and distributed twice a year. Jurnal Teknik Elektro (JTE) is dedicated to researchers and academics who intend publishing research, scientific ideas, and other original scientific ideas. JTE is a published scientific, open access, peer-reviewed, evidence-based journal by the Electrical Engineering Study Program, Faculty of Engineering, University of Palembang. Jurnal Teknik Elektro aims to provide a highly readable and valuable addition to the literature which will serve as an indispensable reference tool for years to come. The coverage of the journal includes all new theoretical and experimental findings in the fields of Engineering or any closely related fields. The journal also encourages the submission of critical review articles covering advances in recent research of such fields as well as technical notes. href="https://statcounter.com/" target="_blank"> src="https://c.statcounter.com/12505688/0/d3949923/0/" alt="Web Analytics">​ View Journal Current Issue Jurnal Manajemen Jurnal Manajemen is a scientific communication media published by the Management Study Program, Faculty of Economics, University of Palembang. The Management Journal is dedicated to researchers and academics who wish to publish research papers, technical papers, conceptual papers, and case study reports. Scientific periodical publications on Management-related issues covering Human Resources Management, Marketing Management, Financial Management and Operations Management as well as Strategic Management. In addition, the Management Journal is also a medium for disseminating research information for lecturers, researchers and practitioners. The Palembang Economics Faculty Management Journal is published 4 (four) times a year with e-ISSN 2686-2530 and p-ISSN 2089-6832. In this Jurnal Manajemen, authors are required to register first and upload manuscripts online. The script creation process can be monitored via OJS. Authors, readers, editorial boards, editors, and peer reviewers can get the status of manuscripts in real-time. A hard copy of the journal can be purchased by the system. Several other changes are announced in the History Journal. View Journal Current Issue Prospek Agroteknologi Prospek Agroteknologi (ISSN: 2303-0291) is a peer-reviewed journal which is published by Faculty of Agriculture of Palembang University. Prospek Agroteknologi publishes biannually in July and December. This journal publishes current concept and research papers on agriculture. prospekagroteknologi@gmail.com View Journal Current Issue Solusi Solusi (Print ISSN: 0216-9835; Online ISSN: 2597-680X) is a peer-reviewed journal published by Faculty of Law, Palembang University. Solusi published three times a year in January, May, and September. This journal provides immediate open access to its content on the principle that making research freely available to the public supports a greater global exchange of knowledge. The aims of this journal is to provide a venue for academicians, researchers, and practitioners for publishing the original research articles or review articles. The scope of the articles published in this journal deals with a broad range of topics in the fields of Criminal Law, Civil Law, International Law, Constitutional Law, Administrative Law, Islamic Law, Economic Law, Medical Law, Adat Law, Environmental Law and another section related contemporary issues in law. View Journal Current Issue Jurnal Teknik Sipil Jurnal Teknik Sipil established in 2011 and ISSN : 2089-2942 (print) ISSN : 2686-6676 (Online). It is a peer –reviewed international journal to be of interest and use to all those concerned with research in various fields of, or closely related to Civil Engineering. The scope of the journal includes all theoretical findings and new experimental in the field of Structural Engineering, Water Resources Engineering, Transportation Engineering, Geotechnical Engineering, Construction Engineering & Management. Jurnal Teknik Sipil published by the Civil Engineering Study Program Faculty of Engineering, University of Palembang and distributed twice a year. Jurnal Teknik Sipil is dedicated to researchers and academics who intend publishing research, scientific ideas, and other original scientific ideas. JTE is a published scientific, open access, peer-reviewed, evidence-based journal by the Civil Engineering Study Program, Faculty of Engineering, University of Palembang. Jurnal Teknik Sipil aims to provide a highly readable and valuable addition to the literature which will serve as an indispensable reference tool for years to come. The coverage of the journal includes all new theoretical and experimental findings in the fields of Engineering or any closely related fields. The journal also encourages the submission of critical review articles covering advances in recent research of such fields as well as technical notes. href="https://statcounter.com/" target="_blank"> src="https://c.statcounter.com/12505708/0/32a5eed7/0/" alt="Web Analytics">​ href="https://statcounter.com/" target="_blank"> src="https://c.statcounter.com/12505708/0/32a5eed7/0/" alt="Web Analytics">​ href="https://statcounter.com/" target="_blank"> src="https://c.statcounter.com/12505708/0/32a5eed7/0/" alt="Web Analytics">​ View Journal Current Issue Language Bahasa Indonesia English