Coworking |Doctor |Medicine |CWMED BRASIL Company Who We Are Coworking I am a doctor I want to consult location (31) 3178-9888 I am a doctor I want to consult specialties we have two floors fully dedicated to offices, equipped and suitable to meet all health specialties;Microfysiotherapy, Medical Clinic, Cardiology, Dermatology, Pediatrics, Geriatrics, Neurology, Gynecology, Orthopedics, Urology, Endocrinology, Psychiatry, Psychology, Otorhinolaryngology, Speech Therapy, Angiology, Nephrology, Nutrition, Gastorrenology, General Surgery, Physiotherapy, among others.General Clinical Cardiology Gynecology Neurology Obstetric Orthopedics Coworking CW Medbrasil: Medbrasil presents a modern, wide and sophisticated model of structure directed to the medical area, where the health professional has the possibility to use offices paying only for the time used, period or shifts, ofAccording to your demand, providing tranquility and focus on your service, leaving all the bureaucracy and concern on our own.Schedule a visit preachings select a general clinical specialty cardiology orthopedics Gynecology Neurology Obstetrics Send partner agreements, it is a convenience to send testimonials I opted for this new office modality for practicality, flexibility of times and economy, allowing myself to dedicate Dr Vinícius Eduardo in a visit to Medbrasil,I knew a pleasant environment to work with how to be welcomed as a patient, with rooms and consultant Dilma Ribeiro - Speech Therapist Testimonials keep an eye on the latest preventive medicine: what is and what is their importance?In the midst of an increasingly busy routine, taking care of health is not always a priority in people's lives .... Keep reading high cholesterol and its consequences increased cholesterol can happen due to excessive consumption of alcohol, physical inactivity, alime... Keep reading how to maintain vitamin D levels during winter?Read and learn more! ... Keep reading how to identify if you are lacking nutrients?Read and learn more! ... Keep reading how medical coworking can help you reduce costs?Read and learn more! ... Keep reading exercises to do at home in Quarantine Resist the sedentary lifestyle in quarantine!Exercise tips for you to do at home .... Keep reading cold increases the risk of heart problems read and learn more! ... Keep reading Yoga Practice goes beyond physical activity and promotes balance ... Continue reading you know coworking formedical?The management sharing model is already known in other areas ... Keep reading FALENCONOSCO Send Liga We send our company who is mission Vision Values Specialties Access our specialties coworking know our pre-gathering space Fill out the data agreements be an advertised blog Latest NewsWhere we are location map Follow our networks: © 2020 - CWMED BRASIL developed with ♥ by