Gera Island of Joy | Launching Township Project in Kharadi Pune Skip to content Overview ChildCentric® Academies Configuration Location Contact Us +91 9890348865+91 9890348865 Main Menu Overview ChildCentric® Academies Configuration Location Contact Us 2, 3 & 4BHK Homes Configuration 76.99 Lac Onwards Starting Price Kharadi East Location Pre - Launch Project Status Gera Island of Joy , Kharadi Welcome to a Island where the celebrations never end. Where seaside family vacations can be an everyday thing, courtesy the wave pool. Coming home can mean a new adventure each day. There’s room for a child to grow up to be a Rockstar -cricketer-tennis champ and more. There’s time for mum and dad to witness every guitar riff and every last dance move. And sometimes, even to learn something new themselves. So, here’s your lifetime ticket to discover a planet where there are celebrity learning academies right at your doorstep, and no two days are ever the same.2 , 3 and 4 BHK Apartments an Duplexe’s In East Kharadi 12.5 Acres of Development Panoramic views of the River and garden Best-in Class Specifications 2,3 and 4 BHK Apartments And Duplexes Luxurious 2, 3, 3.5 & 4 BHK Duplex and Apartments Planning & Periodisation for Acting and TV Roles 9 Hi-Rise Towers with all World Class amenities Download Brochure CRAFTING EXTRAORDINARY LIFESTYLES IN EAST KHARADI Get ready for the ultimate showstopper! Our latest masterpiece includes a sky-reaching tower, one of the region’s tallest, with panoramic views etched on its living canvas. Experience the thrilling surprise of the region’s first residential go-kart track, an adrenaline playground nestled within. Feel the unmatched rush of excitement! Enquire Now ChildCentric® Academies Now planning your kids’ pick up & drops from schools to hobby classes shouldn’t be a hassle anymore. Find everything under one roof and from the best in the business. Be it the Dale Carnegie Training Centre, a music academy by Shankar Mahadevan, a dance academy by Shiamak Davar, Micheal Phelps’s Swimming Academy, Anil Kumble’s Tenvic Cricket Academy, Badminton Gurukul by Pullela Gopichand or more! ANIL KUMBLE'S TENVIC CRICKET ACADEMYMahesh Bhupati Tennis AcademyThe Shankar Mahadevan AcademyBhaichung Bhutia Football SchoolShiamak Davar Dance AcademyThe Academy of GymnasticsMichael Phelps Swimming AcademyPullela Gopichand Badminton Gurukul Project Amenities of Gera Island of Joy , Kharadi Sprawling over 12.5 acres, Gera Island of Joy , Kharadi provides endless possibilities for you and your kids to explore, learn and grow. The 6-storey tall, 6700 sq.mt., recreational zone at Gera World Of Joy has everything you can dream of, for you to spend the best quality time with your loved ones with a host of entertainment options. CHILDCENTRIC® AMENITIES RELAXATION FITNESS ENTERTAINMENT CHILDCENTRIC® AMENITIES Kid's PoolFutsal CourtKid's Play AreaToddler's Play AreaReflexology Path With SeatingCrechePlay StationDance RoomMusic RoomArt RoomTraining Room RELAXATION Senior Citizen's AreaYoga And Meditation AreaPergolas With SeatingAcupressure Walking Pathway FITNESS Cycling TrackRock ClimbingJogging TrackSkating TrackGymnasium With Cardio ENTERTAINMENT Poolside PergolaAmphitheaterClub: EvolveCard RoomClub: EngagePoolside Party LawnSnooker / Pool Configuration Details of Gera Island of Joy , Kharadi Every square inch of Gera Island of Joy , Kharadi is crafted with utmost expertise. Here, each step you take unfolds an experience that is out of the world. With seven different variants to choose from, you are spoilt for choices. 2BHK Apartment 665 Sq.ft - 785 Sq.ft Price Breakup 2BHK Duplex 765 Sq.ft - 875 Sq.ft Price Breakup 3BHK Apartment 925 Sq.ft - 1500 Sq.ft Price Breakup 3BHK Duplex 1140 Sq.ft - 1300 Sq.ft Price Breakup 4BHK Supreme 1650 Sq.ft Price Breakup Floor Plan of Gera Island Of Joy Kharadi 2BHK 3BHK 4BHK 2BHK 3BHK 4BHK Gallery Gera Island Of Joy Kharadi Location Highlights - Gera Island Of Joy Kharadi Gera’s Island Of Joy is strategically located keeping in mind your family’s varied needs. From top-class schools to best healthcare, entertainment avenues and shopping complexes, everything you need is just a short drive or just a walk away. Gera Commerzone1.6 Km EON IT Park 2.8 Km Pune Airport 9.5 Km Pune Railway Station 13.5 Km Luxurious 2, 3, 3.5 & 4 BHK Duplex and Apartments Pune-Ahmadnagar Highway 1.9 Km Chandan Nagar 4.9 Km For 50 years we have redefined the course of the industry and touched the lives of 8000+ customers. With operations in Pune, Goa and Bengaluru and having delivered 6 million+ sq. ft., we have introduced several firsts which have raised the bar for the real estate industry.Our company philosophy of ‘Let’s Outdo’ has instilled in us a strong desire to push ourselves to do better every day, to create industry benchmarks and innovations and use cutting edge technology to offer superior delivery. It has inspired us to keep our customers at the heart of everything we do and create industry firsts – from ChildCentric® Homes to the GeraWorld™ Mobile app which offers speedy one click access to our customers. We have leveraged the power of ideas and emerging technology, to deliver exceptional customer experiences.Our delighted customers, our credit rating – the highest amongst private developers, our ISO 9001:2015 certification, the many awards and accolades are a reflection of the trust people repose in us, the consistency of exceptional delivery and also an assurance of quality.This approach makes us well-poised to extend unique advantages to our customers – we call it The Gera Edge. BOOK A SITE VISIT NOW Nurture your kids with our future-ready homes.Let’s connect Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Email *Phone *I am intrested in *I am intrested in2BHK 652,722,827 sqfts2BHK duplex 762,857 sqfts3BHK 928, 1131 sqfts3BHK duplex 1132,1299 sqfts3.5BHK 1513 sqfts4BHK 1673sqftsMessage *CommentSubmit RERA No. P52100052259CP RERA No. A52100038162 Copyright ©2023 Gera Island Of Joy East Kharadi DISCLAIMER Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter Youtube Copyright ©2023 Gera Island Of Joy East Kharadi DISCLAIMER Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter Youtube Nurture your kids with our future-ready homes. Let’s connect GET IN TOUCH Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Email *Phone *I am intrested in *I am intrested in2BHK 652,722,827 sqfts2BHK duplex 762,857 sqfts3BHK 928, 1131 sqfts3BHK duplex 1132,1299 sqfts3.5BHK 1513 sqfts4BHK 1673sqftsMessage *CommentSubmit Copyright © 2024 Gera Island Of Joy East Kharadi Maha RERA Registration No: A52100008324 Scroll to Top Download Broucher We will get in touch with you at the earliest Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Phone *Email *Download Broucher We Promise Instant Call Back Free Site Visit Unmatched Price Register Here and Avail The Best Offers!! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *PhoneEmail *Get Instant Call Back +91 9890348865 Complete Costing Details Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Phone *Email *View Price DISCLAIMER 1. ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMSa. Any visitor logging or navigating on this web site automatically agrees to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which govern the relationship with visitors in relation to this web site. All visitors are presumed to have read, understood and agreed to terms and conditions of this site.b. This disclaimer will be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian law, and any disputes relating to this disclaimer will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts at Pune. The visitor warrants that he/she is fully aware of the laws of India.c. Gera Developments Private Limited. can alter or revoke any terms of conditions of this web site without notice. The revised disclaimer will apply to the use of our website from the date of the publication. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version. 2. INFORMATIONa. Any visitor logging or navigating on this web site automatically agrees to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which govern the relationship with visitors in relation to this web site. All visitors are presumed to have read, understood and agreed to terms and conditions of this site.b. In no event will GDPL be liable for any loss or direct or indirect damages arising from the use of or reliance on this web site. Your use of any information or material on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which GDPL shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.c. The information on this web site does not constitute an offer and / or contract of any such type between the owner/developer and the visitor.d. This web site contains material which is owned by GDPL and is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, text and graphics. Reproduction is strictly prohibited.e. GDPL has the right to alter the information of this web site and is under no obligation to communicate any changes. 3. INFORMATION FROM THE VISITORSa. The visitor, by the act of logging onto the web site or submitting information through the web site or email has consented and expressly and irrevocably authorized GDPL to use, analyze, transmit or display all information and documents as may be required by it. The visitor warrants that he has provided true, accurate, current and complete information. By entering a mobile number, user has given consent to GDPL to send alerts, promotional SMS’s and the permission to be contacted via cellular calls and online meetings through any tool like Zoom, Google Meets, Microsoft Teams or similar ones.b. In case the visitor does not want to receive information from GDPL he will have to communicate to this effect to GDPL by sending an email to marketing@gera.in 4. SECURITYa. Every effort is made to keep the web site operative. However GDPL takes no responsibility, and will not be liable for, the web site or any of its components being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond its control.b. GDPL does not warrant that this site will be free of viruses or other harmful components. This web site and emails from GDPL are vulnerable to data corruption, interception, tampering, viruses as well as delivery error and the visitor accepts liability for any consequences that may arise from them. 5. ABOUT GDPL’S PROJECTSa. The designs, plans, specifications, facilities, images, features, etc. shown on this web site are only indicative and subject to the approval of the respective authorities and the owner / developer reserves the right to change the specification or features or all of these in the interest of a phase wise development or under a scheme without any notice or objections.b. Materials are indicative and will be of equivalent quality as per availability. Natural Stone used in projects have inherent characteristics of color and grain variation. Furniture layouts, landscapes or accessories are merely indicative. 6. RESPONSIBILITIESa. GDPL or any of its employees, managers or representatives shall not be responsible for any consequential damage or economic loss arising or related to the use of the web site.b. The web site may contain links to other websites which are not under control of GDPL. Any link to off-site pages or other may be accessed by the visitor at his own risk. GDPL has no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorsement of the views within them. It is the responsibility of the user to examine the copyright and licensing restrictions of linked pages and to secure all necessary permissions. 7. POP-UP ADVERTISEMENTSa. When visiting our web site, your web browser may produce pop-up advertisements. These advertisements are most likely produced by other web sites or by third party software installed on your computer. GDPL does not endorse or recommend products or services for which visitor may view a pop-up advertisement on your computer screen while visiting its web site. 8. ONLINE PAYMENTa. The Terms and Conditions contained herein shall apply to any person (“User”) using the services of Razorpay for making payments through an online payment gateway service (“Service”) offered by Razorpay and Payment Gateway Service provider, through Razorpay’s website i.e. https://razorpay.com/. Each User is therefore deemed to have read and accepted these Terms and Conditions.b. Razorpay’s rights, obligations, undertakings shall be subject to the laws in force in Pune, India, as well as any directives/ procedures of Government of India, and nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions shall be in derogation of Razorpay’s right to comply with any law enforcement agencies request or requirements relating to any User’s use of the website or information provided to or gathered by Gera with respect to such use.c. The User has represented to Gera that the Customer is legally competent to enter into the Agreement and EOI.d. All disputes and or issues arising out of or in connection with this Policy and or payment under the EOI shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Pune, India.e. The Terms and Conditions mentioned herein constitute and form an integral part of EOI executed between the User and Gera Developments Private Limited. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms and Conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. If the customer decides to withdraw this EOI prior to signing of any offer letter, Gera Developments Private Limited. shall refund the amount in full within 30 days from the day a written communication is received by Gera Developments Private Limited.f. Cancellation of the transaction/offer and refund of the amounts paid by the User shall be in terms of the EOI executed between the User & Gera. Such refund (if any) shall be effected only by Gera. No claims for refund/ charge back shall be made by any User to the Payment Service Provider(s) and in the event such claim is made it shall not be entertained.g. Refund for fraudulent/duplicate transaction(s): The User shall directly contact the respective bank for any fraudulent transaction(s) on account of misuse of Card/ Bank details by a fraudulent individual/party and such issues shall be suitably addressed by the respective bank alone in line with their policies and rules.h. Refund for cancelled transactions either by the promoter or the customer will be processed as per the terms and conditions mentioned in the offer letter.Limitation of Liability1. GERA has made this Service available to the User as a matter of convenience. GERA expressly disclaims any claim or liability arising out of the provision of this Service. The User agrees and acknowledges that he/ she shall be solely responsible for his/ her conduct.2. The Payment Service Providers shall not be liable for any inaccuracy, error or delay in, or omission of (a) any data, information or message, or (b) the transmission or delivery of any such data, information or message; or (c) any loss or damage arising from or occasioned by any such inaccuracy, error, delay or omission, non-performance or interruption in any such data, information or message.3. Under no circumstances shall the the Payment Service Providers, its employees, directors, and its third party agents involved in processing, delivering or managing the Services, be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, including punitive or exemplary arising out of or in any way connected with the provision of or any inadequacy or deficiency in the provision of the Services or resulting from unauthorized access or alteration of transmissions of data or arising from suspension or termination of the Services.4. HDFC and the Payment Service Provider(s) assume no liability whatsoever for any monetary or other damage suffered by the User on account of: (I) the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Payment Gateway or Services in connection thereto; and/ or (ii) any interruption or errors in the operation of the Payment Gateway.5. The User shall indemnify and hold harmless the HDFC & Payment Service Provider(s) and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees from any claims. → Request Site Visit Contact Form Name Phone Email Message Phone