S D and B Medical Inc. | Foot and Ankle Specialists 757-615-7685 Instagram Instagram Military Federal Employees About Us AFO Custom Foot Orthotics Patient Portal Select Page Faster TurnaroundWe turn around your order in about 10 days vs. 30 days. Our 3D imaging technology speeds up the process by scanning your feet instead of moulding them in plaster and sending them away. Our orders can immediately be sent out for manufacturing instead of sent snail-mail. Convenient AppointmentsYou can come to us or we can come to you. No wasted time in a waiting room or traffic. Available Today!Or tomorrow depending on when you call. We are usually available on the same day. Call us! Appointment ProcessWorking with us is easy! Just follow the steps below to get your referral or script to begin. We can meet you where you are or in our office. Begin Here CUSTOM FOOT ORTHOTICS Eliminate Foot, Knee, Hip, and Lower Back pain with Custom Foot Orthotics from S D and B Medical. ACTIVE DUTY MILITARYBLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD (BCBS)FEDERAL EMPLOYEE PROGRAM (FEP) BLUE All Military Branches: 100% Free (Active-Duty only) Requires a referral from your Primary Care Physician/Manager through Humana Military BCBS FEP Blue: Covered Item (minus Deductible and Co-Insurance fee) Does not require a script or note from your Primary Care Physician/Manager Specialized Care Needs Specialized Professionals: We are a specialized healthcare clinic that exemplifies our Mission Statement of “Providing quality patient care for a positive outcome!” Our Certified Pedorthist will ensure that you receive the highest level of patient care and are educated about your diagnosis. All Custom Foot Orthotics are made to address your specific medical requirements, lifestyle and use. Our products will aid by providing correction and support, helping to improve body alignment and gait. Your Custom Foot Orthotic Vendor of Choice Our Certified Pedorthist provides orthotic treatment and custom orthoses for all foot and ankle concerns. With over 33 years of combined military and clinical experience S D and B Medical Inc. has become a trusted provider of orthotic care and the Vendor of Choice from many Healthcare Providers. Not only are we accountable to you, but also to the standards of our credentialing organization, The American Board for Certification in Orthotics, Prosthetics, & Pedorthics. MilitaryFederal Employees S D and B Medical Inc., Exceptional Care—Fast! We specialize in establishing genuine connections with each patient, ensuring we fully understand their unique requirements. Our ultimate goal is to alleviate your stress and empower you to wholeheartedly focus on enhancing your overall performance and lifestyle. Trust us to prioritize your well-being and expertly guide you towards a healthier and more fulfilling future. Rely on the expertise of S D and B Medical for exceptional care. S D and B Medical Inc. 780 Lynnhaven Pkwy, Suite 400 Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452 757-615-7685 (Office) 800-783-0513 (Fax) We serve the Hampton Roads Area of South Eastern Virginia, USA Helpful Links Humana Military | Tricare Blue Cross / Blue Shield FERS Hours Monday-Thursday: 9am–4pm Friday: 9am–3pm Saturday-Sunday: Closed Eastern Standard Time Privacy Policy Appointments Instagram © 2024 S D and B Medical Inc. | Website by Spin Modern