Norfolk Vending - Norfolk Vending Services - Premium Vending Provider Toggle navigation Home About Us Our Products Our Machines Service Area Contact Us Get Started Norfolk Vending Services We are a top-tier vending services provider serving businesses, locations & facilities in the Norfolk, VA area. REQUEST A FREE MACHINE! Proudly Serving All Your Vending Needs Delivery, installation & vending equipment is provided at absolutely ZERO cost to your location. For all your Norfolk vending needs, please fill out the form on our contact page or feel free to call us at (757) 632-0672. Providing High Quality & Fresh Snacks & Drinks NxtUp Vending provides a variety of only the latest & freshest snacks & drinks available on the market. In addition, we cater our product selections to the needs & wants of your employees & customers. We Deliver, Fully Stock & Maintain Your Machines Each one of our visually appealing machines are always kept up-to-date, regularly restocked & maintained. We deliver & help setup our vending machines at your location at absolutely no charge to you, no strings attached. Customizable & Catered Selections We truly want to take care of all your vending needs and provide your business with products that are in high demand at your particular location. We listen to you & encourage you to submit special product requests & we will do our best to accommodate them. ...All at no cost to you!! ZIP / Address: Radius: 1mi5mi10mi25mi50mi75mi100mi150mi200mi300mi No results found in this location. Please try again. Service Area You can have a vending machine installed for your business, office or facility risk-free today! We bring vending to a variety of different types of businesses in Norfolk, VA. NxtUp Vending, LLC is a black-owned business that prides itself on our exceptional customer service with a smile. Our goal is to provide fresh products in reliable and visually appealing vending machines. We provide a service for you, your company, your employees and your customers. We deliver, fully stock, and maintain machines at no cost to you. Norfolk, VA Chesapeake, VA Virginia Beach, VA Portsmouth, VA Hampton, VA Newport News, VA Get Your Free Vending Machine! NxtUp Vending provides your business, office or facility with only never used before brand-new vending machines. Full Name* Business Name* Email* Phone Number*Message*CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Just like good food in the workplace, reliable vendors can be difficult to come by. Lucky for you, NxtUp Vending is now providing its grade-A services to businesses throughout coastal Virginia, in addition to free delivery, installation and service. Founded by family, for family, NxtUp Vending specializes in customized orders and offers a variety of delicious and nutritious snacks. Just think of us as a one-stop-shop for all your vending needs! As the number one provider of Norfolk Vending Machine Services, we pride ourselves on food quality and customer service. In fact, we offer the widest range of snacks and drinks in the area, including chips, granola bars, trail mixes, sodas, teas and juices. Sign up for our free, full-service program, and you’ll get healthy and traditional snacks delivered directly to your place of business. Not only will our specialists help you select the products that are right for your team, but they’ll set up a delivery schedule that works for you. Hungry for more? With our 24-hour customer care guarantee, you can call on us any time to assist with merchandising and maintenance. All you have to do is pick up the phone, and we’ll send one of our professional staff to your workplace right away – no questions asked! It doesn’t matter if your business is in Norfolk, Chesapeake, Portsmouth, Hampton or Virginia Beach. NxtUp Vending distributes snacks across the entire region. And our team is always on time, so you never have to worry about your vending machines sitting empty. Loads of hard work goes into owning your own business! Fortunately, NxtUp Vending is here to save you time and energy. Keep your entire office energized and focused on key business initiatives when you employ our Norfolk Vending Services. Our state-of-the-art snack and drink machines meet all ADA requirements and come with guaranteed product delivery. Even better, customers have the option to pay with debit or credit card, in addition to cash and coin. NxtUp Vending provides only the most ultra-modern vending experiences! What are you waiting for? Now is the time to replace your outdated vending machine with something a little more contemporary. Encourage better eating habits by providing your employees with better food choices at work. The folks at NxtUp Vending have got you covered! At this point, it should come as no surprise that we’re known as the Norfolk Vending experts! Remember – We help you enjoy tasty snacks and refreshing drinks on the job. Plus, we take care of all the trouble and guesswork, so you can concentrate on running a successful business. NxtUp Vending is on a mission to change the way people think about workplace dining. We stock our machines with foods that your employees can actually feel good about eating, and we make things easy for business owners like you! As a reminder, NxtUp Vending provides delivery, installation and service on drink and snack machines at no extra cost, and we’re always available to meet needs that arise suddenly. Other Norfolk Vending Machine Companies simply don’t compare! In case you’re still unsure, take advantage of our no-contract policy. NxtUp Vending never asks customers to make commitments they aren’t comfortable with. If at any point you’re unsatisfied with our services, you’re free to walk away, no strings attached. Our promise to you is to provide snacks you enjoy, at a price you can afford, along with an unmatched customer service experience. Why put up with poor service from other Norfolk Vending Companies when NxtUp Vending will make you a top priority? Secure a machine and see the difference for yourself when you fill out this short form! Our Location Norfolk, VA 23504 (757) 632-0672 Send us a message. Business Hours Mon - Fri: 12pm - 5pm Saturday: 9am - 2pm Sunday: Closed Emergency: 24/7 © 2024 NxtUP Vending, LLC.