Spiritual, Life, and Mental Health Coaching – Nashville and Remote - Mike Ross Skip to content Mike Ross Mental Health Coach, Spiritual Coach, Reiki Master, Hypnotist, and Psychic Intuitive Home What I do Mental Health Coaching Spiritual Coaching Hypnosis Reiki Articles Resources Useful Resources ACES Score Contact Me About Me Search Search for: Mike Ross Mental Health Coach, Spiritual Coach, Reiki Master, Hypnotist, and Psychic Intuitive Close menu Home What I do Mental Health Coaching Spiritual Coaching Hypnosis Reiki Articles Resources Useful Resources ACES Score Contact Me About Me Mike Ross Mental Health Coach, Spiritual Coach, Reiki Master, Hypnotist, and Psychic Intuitive Search Toggle menu Search for: Spiritual, Life, and Mental Health Coaching – Nashville and Remote Hi! Welcome to my site. My name is Mike Ross. I am a mental health and spiritual coach that works with clients to align their desired outcomes with the their lived experience. Together we dive into patterns, systematic behaviors, belief systems and body work. We utilize mainstream frameworks and even mystical tools to find blockages and areas in which you might be stuck and we focus on transformation of the entire person from the inside out. I struggled with lifelong anxiety, depression, and complex PTSD resulting from a traumatic childhood (perfect 10 on the Aces Score). I spent most of my life stuck in repetitive patterns and behaviors and while I was highly successful in many ways I was constantly facing limitations caused by negative self-talk, repeated self sabotaging patterns, and unconscious behaviors caused by my dysregulated nervous system. I found freedom and transcendence via various frameworks and methodologies. My desire is to share this freedom with everyone. My office is in Brentwood and I serve clients from the middle Tennessee area including Nashville, Brentwood, Franklin, Spring Hill, and Thompson’s Station and surrounding areas. SearchSearch Recent Articles Movement – a Simple way to help with Anxiety and Depression Useful Resources Are you stuck? How to Change Unwanted Patterns Self Actualization Nervous System Dysregulation Categories Hypnosis Ketamine Therapy Nashville Life Coaching Mental Health Coaching Nashville Psychedelic Therapy Nashville Reiki Self Actualization Spiritual Awakening Spiritual Coaching Uncategorized © 2024 Mike Ross. Mental Health Coach, Spiritual Coach, Reiki Master, Hypnotist, and Psychic Intuitive serving clients from the middle Tennessee area including Nashville, Brentwood, Franklin, Spring Hill, and Thompson’s Station and surrounding areas.