Agrivet Research & Advisory An ISO 9001:2015 Certified Company Home (current) About Services Facility Agrivet Research Agrivet Advisory Agrivet Laboratories Agrivet School Partners Gallery JoinUs Contact An ISO 9001:2015 Certified Company R&D - Login | Signup Lab - Login | Signup × Agrivet Research At Agrivet Research center basic and applied research is carried out for the benefit of poultry fraternity across the globe. Agrivet Advisory Agrivet Advisory has a team of in-house technical experts and professionals with hands-on experience to provide technical consultancy in different areas. Agrivet Laboratories One of the latest addition in the services of Agrivet Research Advisory Pvt Ltd. is the state of the art laboratory. Agrivet School Agrivet School is mandated to enhance the technical knowledge and impart training to the workforce involved with the Animal Husbandry industry in India and South East Asia. About Us The Journey of Agrivet Animal Husbandry as an industry has huge potential in India though lack of international exposure and bias in knowledge dissemination impede with its growth thus categorizing the industry as an unorganized one in this subcontinent. The gap between the organized and large-scale corporates vis-à-vis the small and medium range entrepreneurs playing in this industry is enormous. While the former continuously scaling up their size of operation by embracing new technologies and inventions with the inputs from the experts in this field the small and medium player always face a scalability challenge due to limited access to the latest technical knowhow. Read more Knowledge Room Technical Bulletin Milestones 2012 2013 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 The journey begins August - Poultry Research Centre started at a rented farm with a hired feed plant August - First domestic research project undertaken August - First international consulting assignment initiated August - Started domestic and international pre-shipment inspection service of ingredient Taking off February - First international research project undertaken March - Established the own research facility at GLB August - The first placement took place in own research farm at GLB December - Started own Mash Feed plant for research feed manufacturing Cruising ahead November - The commercial layer research facility established December - Research capacity expansion at DGN Cruising ahead September - Agrivet completes the 50th Research Project On the way to expansion August - Wet Chemistry laboratory started functioning November - Prototype processing unit established Precision and consolidation March - Agrivet knocked a ton – the 100th research project got completed May - The Near Infrared Spectroscopy facility started June - Commissioning of specialized stressor stimulus research facility August - Digestibility trials initiated, ELISA started functioning November - Pilot scale Pellet mill started manufacturing the research feed Time to transform and upgrade June - Started establishment of the “Egg Sanitation & Processing Unit” July - The walk-in chiller for table egg and processed chicken storage established August - Passed the global quality and process audit - RBI Approval Food Audit Stepping in into customer services January - The 150th Research Project completed April - Complete animal health and nutrition laboratory service launched to cater to the need of the industry June - The Agrivet School – a perfect blend of and hands on experience – is launched December - Established own Molecular Biology Laboratory. Started working on projects involving Metagenomics. January - Construction of Aqua Research Facility Started. August- On 7th August, Agrivet completed 10 years of it’s voyage in Animal Husbandry and Livestock management. August- On 11th August, Agrivet Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. has been named as Agrivet Research & Advisory Pvt. Ltd. February - Aqua Research started. April - Metabolic Room setup. Publication of Research Articles Presentation in Symposia & Conferences Participation in Events & Workshops Our Team A group of qualified and experienced veterinarians, having expertise in poultry and dairy nutrition, breeding and management, young and energetic, inclined towards modern scientific techniques … Working as a “TEAM” with individual domain expertise in different areas of livestock operation. Experience of working in India, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam and other South Asian countries. View More Dr Shivaji Dey Director Dr Sudipto HaldarDirector Dr Anirvid SarkarDirector Dr Amrita Kr Dhara Director Gallery View more Infrastructure Integrated Livestock Services provided by skilled professionals Services are conceptualized by experienced veterinarians Affordable to all segments of Livestock Industry Unbiased, Precise and Confidential Research Research Service follows stringent QC and Lean Process Management State of the art research infrastructure of Global Standards Advisory encompasses both Technical and Commercial segments of business One stop solution provider for every sphere of livestock industry Laboratory is run by technically qualified professionals Equipped with modern high precision instruments Agrivet School is focused in knowledge augmentation of livestock industry professionals All RESEARCH(Sponsor Country) ADVISORY(Client Country) PARTICIPATION(Conference / Symposium location) Testimonials Prachi Arora Managing Partner, Benison Media-Think Grain Think Feed Excellent-perfect combination of global expertise and Indian ethics. Mani National Key Accounts Manager, Aviagen India Great as a whole. Especially the own feed mill is the USP. Bit unfortunate as there was no trials ongoing, but as a whole it was a good day experience to see the facility. Sanjeev Khanna Director, Envizon Biosciences Absolutely nice facility while keeping small things in mind, give confidence on credibility while seeing it. It was a nice experience visiting the facility, well planned and designed research centre, taken care of every small steps. Anne MöddelTechnical Sales Manager, Dr. Eckel Animal Nutrition GmbH & Co.KG Open-minded and highly committed partnerFlexible and well-organizedAlways eager to bring in own ideas and experience in creating the trial-setupFast response to questionsThe way of communication and cooperation between our teams is a pleasure Dr. Kabir Chowdhury Sales Director, South Asia, Jefo Nutrition Inc. I find Agrivet is a highly professional organization. From conception of a project to experimental design and delivery of the project report, everything performed in a very professional manner. The facility is outstanding with adequate biosecurity in every aspects, possess ability to perform metabolic studies as well as new isolated facility to conduct health challenge tests, Read more Dr. Koushik De Director -Technical Services, SCA, Novus International Novus has been associated with Agrivet for almost more than 7 years. They have one of the finest facilities in terms of doing contract research and commercial evaluation of our solutions. We from Novus are quite satisfied with the repeatability of the results of these researches and some of them has been published or presented in International forums Read more Dr. Dinabandhu Joardar BVSc. | MSc. | Ph.D. Poultry Science and Nutrition Excellent poultry research unit the research skills of the researchers are phenomenal. The facilities and the advanced equipment and technologies used helps in reducing the experimental variation which is critical for data interpretation and reporting. Am proud to be associated with Agrivet R&D unit both as a client and virtual advisor. Keep it up Team Agrivet. × Dr. Kabir Chowdhury Sales Director, South Asia, Jefo Nutrition Inc. I find Agrivet is a highly professional organization. From conception of a project to experimental design and delivery of the project report, everything performed in a very professional manner. The facility is outstanding with adequate biosecurity in every aspects, possess ability to perform metabolic studies as well as new isolated facility to conduct health challenge tests, and ability to conduct microbiological and chemical analyses along with a dedicated in-house pellet feed mill, Agrivet can be a one-stop shop for quality poultry research, especially in broiler and layers. A complete and fulfilling experience. × Dr. Koushik De Director -Technical Services, SCA, Novus International Novus has been associated with Agrivet for almost more than 7 years. They have one of the finest facilities in terms of doing contract research and commercial evaluation of our solutions. We from Novus are quite satisfied with the repeatability of the results of these researches and some of them has been published or presented in International forums as well which have been well acclaimed by the scientific community. They have very efficient staffs to manage the show and Dr. Haldar is personally involved in monitoring the researches and doing the post research Statistical Analysis and detailed reports as well which is one of the biggest advantages for us. They have full-fledged lab including NIR facilities as well which I hope in coming days will be more ulitised by lot of customers to get benefited and fine tune their nutrition. All the four Directors are actively focused on the future need of the industry and playing pivotal roles in their respective areas to contribute positively to the poultry industry in a sustainable way. I wish team Agrivet all the best. Projects Undertaken View more Projects ﻿ One stop solution with the best in class infastructure Mordern Equipments, Experienced Scientist and Qualified Technicians. Pages Home Service Gallery About Us Partner Join Us Facility Agrivet Research Agrivet Advisory Agrivet Laboratories Agrivet School Portal FP Login R&D - Login | Signup Lab - Login | Signup Follow us on Enquiry Form Name is required Email is required Contact number is required Message is required @ Agrivet 2022. Powered By Globopex Maintained by Comprint Technologies.