Exclusive European heated towel rails in Russia!About the company-stuberiystvostalog of products of the infusion of the infantry, IP Service Kontaktakt European designers sophistication, elegance, style ... European design detectors sophistication, elegance, style ... European designers sophistication, elegance, style ... European design radiators sophistication, elegance, style ... European designers of Izqualism, sorryElegance, style ... European design radiators sophistication, elegance, style ... Astro Retto Stick Promotions House Business Day 2019 became a member of the House Business Day 2019 in St. Petersburg!Objection of the show-Ruma Dear friends, we report that our showroom is moving to the new address: the supply of Tubus 2 radiators to the Zenit Arena stadium, our company delivered Tubus 2 radiators to the Zenitish Frankfurt 2017 stadium from March 14, 2017Participating international exhibition ISH Frankfurt 2017 Dear partners!Instal-Projekt takes part in the ISH Frankfurt 2017 International Exhibition. Involvemeuropean Manaufacturer 2016 Available partners!Allow me to bring to your attention that yesterday the AFRO New radiators to the new stadium of FC Krasnodar Anti -Crisis action.Continues!3V Group, together with the Instal Projekt plant, continues anti -crisis to the new season!3V Group is like novelties among decorative heating radiators.Decorative decorative decorative decorative decorates - individual decisional decisions of Decofloor are universal in use, designed to decorate an Ianticalsis action!3V Group, together with the Instal Projekt plant, is conducting an anti -crisis marty for the Instal Projekt fishing annually in Poland, the international fishing championship is held in Poland.Thank you very much by the organizer for a very attentive attitude to our project.We quickly arrived at the object, measured everyone, helped to choose the radiators (it was pleasantly surprised that there was no surcharge for colored radiators), delivered, all this is carefully and quickly.Thank you, guys!Andrei is excellent and non -problematic heated towel rails.The oldest, which I know, is already 7 years old. It practically does not turn off.Nothing is falling apart.There are rotary models.I recommend ... From the shortcomings - on whites, sometimes barely noticeable spots from color things remain on whites.I did not notice on Chrome.Stanislav articles electric heated towel rails with a thermostat, a heated towel rail with a thermostat, the buyer wants to get not only a reliable, but also an economical device.The ability to change the power of drying, automatic turning on or off at a given time or depending on the temperature in the room, the saving of electricity - those functions that are equipped with electric towel towel rails with a thermostat.A towel with a side connection of a driving heating equipment for a bathroom, which is also used for drying towels or linen, can have several options for connecting to a heating system or hot water supply.The most common devices are side towel vests water vests: this is associated with a small area of bathrooms in most houses, and with the peculiarities of communications.The company of the Group groups offers a heated towel rail with a side connection in several execution options-they differ in configuration, manufacturing material, and the number of heating contours.Work from 3B groups!100% of the quality equipment of the delivery of the whole of Russia discounts and special offers call +7 (812) 677-31-37 Office in St. Petersburg Address: 4th pre-port travel, 5 l tel.: +7 (812) 611-01-31;+7 (812) 677-31-37 E-mail: vs@3v-group.ru, vn@3v-group.ru Office in Moscow Address: 125047 Moscow, 1st Brest house 35, Office 209, BCCascade Opening hours: Mon-Fri: 9:00-18:00, Sat-Sun: Housing.Phone: +7 (499) 450-7787 E-MAI: msk@san-galli.com show room in St. Petersburg Address: St. Petersburg, Mytninskaya nab., 7/5, lit.And the operating mode: Mon-SB: 11:00-20:00, Sun: day off.Phone: +7 (812) 611-01-31 E-mail: info@san-galli.com © 2021 LLC "3V Group" Creation and promotion of the site-Web it SPB