Orlando Vending – Orlando Vending Companies Toggle navigation Home About Products Machines Service Area Contact Us Get Started Plinth Distributions Get a Free Vending Machine for Your Business Provide the products your employees want and make your customers happy. REQUEST A FREE MACHINE! Why Orlando Vending Services? Healthy snacks contribute to high energy and an active lifestyle! You can have a vending machine installed for your business risk-free with our 60-day no obligation period. We bring vending to businesses and facilities in the Orlando, FL area. Our services are customized to fit the needs of your employees, customers, and students giving them the products they want. Our American-made vending machines accept all major Credit Cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayRange and Cash. Customized Service Today, there are many people that make healthy food a part of their life style and at the same time other people love their daily sweet fix. The model we built is designed to personalize a balance menu between both healthier and traditional snacks, so that everyone at your location will be happy and find their perfect snack! Traditional and TrendingProduct Lines We offer a wide variety of snacks and drinks to keep your employees, customers, and students satisfied! Outside of the standard snacks and drink, we offer toiletries, tampons, Advil/medicine, etc. This is what sets us apart! State-of-the-Art Machines Our American-made, high-capacity machines are equipped with the latest technology offering fully electronic payment/media center with credit/debit card readers, ADA compliant, low maintenance and energy saving mode during off hours. ...All at no cost to you!! Service Area We bring vending to businesses and facilities in the Orlando, FL area. Get one of our high-quality vending machines in your business along with unmatched customer service. Orlando, FL Kissimmee, FL Altamonte Springs, FL Clermont, FL Winter Garden, FL Pine Hills, FL Lake Nona, FL Winter Park, FL Debary, FL Mount Dora, FL Get Your Free Machine Now! All Brand Name Machines! We supply a variety of equipment, in order to fit into any location and meet any organization’s requirements. Get a Free Machine for Your Business Full Name*Business Name*Email* Phone Number*Message*CAPTCHA Orlando, Florida, is a booming city, home to businesses of all variety. With all the competition out there, you should be doing everything you can to get ahead as a business owner. And we’re here to tell you –Working with Plinth Distribution is a great place to start! We’ll help your team accomplish big things by providing the fuel it needs to get through long days at the office. Contact us today to get free delivery, installation and service on our snack and drink machines. Our services are available to businesses anywhere in Greater Orlando! At Plinth Distribution, we offer both healthy and traditional snack options to keep everyone satisfied, and we use our expertise to customize orders based on your company’s needs. But what sets us apart from other Orlando Vending Companies? In addition to food, we supply workplace essentials such as toiletries, medication and feminine hygiene products. The office is like your home away from home. Plinth Distributions wants to make sure you feel at ease there. Just think of us as a one-stop-shop for all your vending needs! Whether you work in one of Orlando’s many office buildings, resorts or medical centers, you can reap the benefits of our free, full-service program. Ready to get going? Fill out the form below, and we’ll deliver a vending machine to your workplace right away. Sign up for our program, and you’ll also get 24-hour access to our customer-care representatives. If you’re running low on snacks, having trouble with a machine or just need help tidying up your space, all you have to do is pick up the phone. One of our team members will be there in a flash! Most Orlando Vending Machine Companies use antiquated machines that require a ton of maintenance, but not us! Our brand-name machines meet all ADA requirements and come with iVend guaranteed product delivery. No cash? No problem. Equipment also works with the latest payments technology, including iPay and Google Pay. Everyone should have access to a clean, comfortable space where they can relax and recharge during the work day. Create that haven for your team when you employ our Orlando Vending Services! Speaking of service… Our specialists will help you make the right product selection for your business. They’ll even work with you to set up a regular delivery schedule, ensuring your machines are always fully stocked. There’s no doubt about it – Plinth Distributions is the leader in Orlando Vending! And remember – Delivery, installation and service don’t cost you a penny! Not only will you save time and energy by working with us. You’ll save money, leaving more to spend on bettering your business! From start to finish, Plinth Distributions handles everything for you. And the best part is we don’t require any contract or commitment! We’re confident in our products and services, and we think you will be too. What are you waiting for? Fill out the following form to secure your machine. If you’re at a crossroads in your business, look no further than our Orlando Vending Machine Services to help you get where you need to go. Working in a chaotic office environment can take a toll on your energy levels. But good food and beverage can help boost your mood and turn things around. At Plinth Distributions, the customer is our top priority. We aim to provide you with affordably priced products, reliable equipment and a top-notch customer service experience. And we take our guarantees seriously! Orlando Business owners in need of vending services, look no further than Plinth Distributions. Simply fill out the short form below to get started! Our Location Orlando, FL 32789 (407) 435-1058 Send us a message. Business Monday - Friday 9:00am - 6:00pm Saturday 11:00am - 4:00pm Sunday Closed Emergency Anytime © 2024 Plinth Distributions.