Home Home News About Village History Profile of Village Apparatus Cultural Organizational Structure Criticism and Demographic Suggestions Village Common Data Collection of Data Data Financial Data Institutional Data Trantib and Disaster Gallery Documentation Activity Collection of Potential Files Superior Products UKM Tourism Welcome to Hila.desa.id, hopefully we can provide the information you need.The spirit of mutual cooperation together, wake up and advance the country of upuata uli halawang unites the determination of Hila dignified as a charm of Hila, pampering herself by relaxing at the historic tourist attractions of Hila Welcome to the official website of Hila, Leihitu District, Central Maluku Regency.Media Communication and Transparency of the Hila State Government for the whole community.Info!Early Age Ball State News Portal?Pigi in the land of Hila Hila.desa.id - Football is not only for adults!Yes ... the sentence above is a plan for the Early Age Football Club (Halawang FC), one of the football clubs in the country of Hila, Leihitu District, Central Maluku Regency.During the Handling of Pandemic Coronavirus Disease 2019 (Covid-19), Halawang FC tried to make a breakthrough in the country ... Read more October 252:10:10:36 Admin read as many as: 474X Team Vaccinator Puskesmas Care Hila Carry out the second stage of COVID vaccination inNegeri Hila Hila, 30 July 2021 Hila.desa.id-Badai Pandemic Covid 19 Since Indonesia first confirmed the COVID-19 case ... Read more July 3021 07:07:16 Admin read as many as: 660X Tradition of Eid al-Adha Lawa Pipi (Bring running goats) Hila Eid al -Adha State on every 10th Dhulhijjah is also known as the "Hajj Day", where Muslims who are performing the main pilgrimage, namely Wukuf in Arafat.They all wear all -white clothes and do not have any summons, which are called ihram clothes, symbolize equality of creed and outlook on life, have a value of values that are the value of the equation in all aspects of the midwife ... Read more July 24, 2021 16:07:37 Admin reads as many as:697X BLT DD for the Hila State Community Since the Ministry of Finance (Kemenkeu) revised the Minister of Finance Regulation (PMK) regarding the management of village funds through PMK Number 50/PMK.07/2020 which took effect from May 19, 2020.Village Funds are prioritized for ... Read more July 11 2021 07:07:07 Admin Read as many as: 486X Graphic Info Update August 13, 2021 Update 30 October 2021 Update August 12, 2022 Update 21 October 2022 Amin Sopaliu Village Apparatus, S.Fil.I., M.Si Head of Patiala Mony Village, SKM Village Secretary M. Nurdin Lating Kasi Government M. Nur Pailokol Kasi Welfare M. Likur Launuru Kaur Administration and General ABD.Rakhman Lating Kaur Planning Mahmud Ollong - Titi Sutina - General News News Category (1) Regional News (0) Village News (3) Documentation of all photos of video clicks 2 times to watch the tradition of celebrating Eid al -Adha in the land of Hila Bring Running .. More ..Click 2 times to watch the tradition of celebrating Eid al -Adha in the land of Hila Bring Running .. More .. Click 2 times to watch the tradition of celebrating Eid al -Adha in the land of Hila Awa Runu .. More .. Click 2 times to watch the tradition of celebrating Eid al -Adha in the countryHila Awa runs k .. More .. click 2 times to watch let's prevent Corona a pes .. More ... click 2 times to watch the tradition of celebrating Eid al-Adha in the land of Hila Awa Run K ... more ... click 2 timesto watch the process of dismantling the roof of the old house lanuru hila culture ... more ... click 2 times to watch the country of hila (drone view) tour .. More.(Fast, efficient and effective, friendly, sincere, and accountable) ".© PMCode YD - All Right Reserved