CPDAO's group of partners | CP Island Official Website-You said that the world opens up for you CP Island is a love-themed voice social APP created by our CP Island.Players can quickly build their own relationship chain in the CP Island world, and harvest a diverse vision of couples, girlfriends, teachers and apprentices to create interesting voice social applications. You said that the world will open a description of the position of recruitment of Java development engineer (IM) for you 1. Responsible for responsibilityIM business development and architecture upgrades, including private chat, text group chat, and large -scale live broadcast room business, etc.;Stable, follow up and deal with online issues, and propose optimization or solutions; description of the position of Android development engineer 1. Participate in the needs of the APP products and formulate feasible technical implementation plans based on resources and time; 2. Responsible for system analysis of APP products, Architecture design, module coding and unit testing; 3. Responsible for writing development documents to cooperate with product, interaction, and vision to complete the development of C -end projects; 4. Can solve problems independently, can independently analyze and quickly check online failure; product manager positionsDescription 1. Responsible for the core matching direction of the social product line, and promote the continuous optimization of matching business through strategies and product means to drive social platform matching efficiency to improve efficiency; 2. Pay attention to the social ecological atmosphere and formulate corresponding strategies to promote the positive development of social ecology;3. In-depth competition survey, user research, quickly and efficiently complete the optimization iteration of the product; resume delivery: yiqunhuoban@163.com A group of partnership information technology (Jinan) Co., Ltd. Lu ICP No. 2023014131 Luwen (2023) 1722-056Address: official mailbox 226 room 226 room, No. 149 Jiqi Road, Huaiyin District, Shandong Province: yqhb1916@163.com Service Tel: 13120210101