Such - Home - Bosch appliances - Miele Tournai - Loving appliances - Automobile parts - Automobile accessories Toggle Navigation +32 69 871 871 871 info@telle.net Electromegro -theaterboschmieleassi at this Elleservice after sale Built -in expert- Quality and flexibility reliability, ... a reality experience - reliability quality and flexibility, ... A reality for the sake of continuous performance, such is now a member of the expert group.Experience - Reliability - Quality and flexibility ... A reality such, specialist in quality appliances, as well as vehicle parts, offer you 80 years of experience at the service of their customers This experience is undoubtedly our master-word and our main asset.The story begins in 1929 and our trademark is still and always the same: "At such, our customers are not numbers" such as product quality by working with renowned brands like Bosch, Miele,... While guaranteeing the best market prices to its customers.Today, such as a human -sized business remains that is perpetually called into question to adapt to the requirements of a constantly evolving market in order to always offer the best service to its customers.Such, an essential reference in electric or hand tools.A stock of equipment and a unique after -sales service.For professionals and individuals, such as present.Member of the Groupauto Belgium group, such as provides full service to automotive professionals and mechanical enthusiasts (parts and vehicle accessories).This is also a workshop, an expertise, the revision of the injection pumps to the Novaditex test equipment.Such also ensures a quality of service for bodybuilders (paintings: products and equipment) such experience - reliability - quality and flexibility, ... A reality member of the opening hours group: Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. and from 1 p.m.At 6 p.m. / Saturday from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. contact 22-26 rue Morel 7500 Tournai +32 69 871 871 info@telle.net www.telle.net Terms General and Sale of S.A. - VAT BE 0450.176.406 - NEntreprise BE 0450.176.406 - RPM Tournai |Copyright 2015 All rights reserved |Made by 2its