Home | Kanasu Infra | Beast Construction Company in Tumakuru top of pageHomePortfolioAbout ServicesContact UsContact Us We Create Valve For Your Dream ProjectLearn More Contact Us ExpertiseWe are expert in Construction Industries. We own skilled Labors and Qualified Engineers Premium Quality We use the best Qualified Raw Materials in the process of construction and Branded Installation Skilled Work We are better in providing Best Finishing Output in our projects we undertake About us Kanasu Infra - One of the Leading Construction Company Kanasu Infra is one of the best emerging companies in construction providers. We Kanasu Infra believe that involvement of ourselves is from ‘Concept to Creation’ of the project. Kanasu Infra is a team of various construction professionals such as Contractors, Engineers etc. With reliable experience in Residential, Commercial and Industrial fields. In coming days, we are introducing and improvising the methodologies of work execution with latest techniques by delivering best quality standards in construction projects. ​ We, Kanasu Infra provide outstanding Project/Construction Management through an array of services applied to construction projects and programs – from the planning and design through the pre-construction and post-construction phases – the purpose of achieving project timelines and objectives, including the control of quality, cost, time, and scope. As a trusted partner, we assuring you of an excellent workmanship during construction phase until the end of projectKnow More OUR SERVICES Residential Construction Residential construction is a fascinating and dynamic industry that plays a significant role in shaping the places we call home. It involves the planning, designing, and building of residential structures, ranging from single-family homes and townhouses to apartment complexes and condominiums Commercial Construction One of the key aspects of commercial construction is the emphasis on functionality and efficiency. Commercial buildings must be designed to optimize the use of space, accommodate specific business operations, and provide a comfortable environment for employees and customers alike. Renovation Renovation is about breathing new life into your surroundings, enhancing functionality, and creating a space that reflects your unique personality and lifestyle. It's an opportunity to reimagine your home, reconfigure its layout, and infuse it with your personal taste and design preferences Tiling And PaintingWe are passionate about transforming spaces and bringing your vision to life through the art of tiling and painting. Whether you're looking to enhance the beauty of your home or revamp your office space, we have the expertise and creativity to exceed your expectations. Interior & Structure PlanDesigning a space involves much more than just picking out furniture and colors. Designing your dream home starts with a solid plan, and that's where we come in. Our team of experienced architects and designers is here to provide you with exceptional home structure plan services ​ Project ManagmentConstruction Project Management services play a vital role in ensuring the successful execution of construction projects. With their expertise and skills, project managers oversee every aspect of a construction project from inception to completion, effectively coordinating various resources, timelinesOUR PROJECTSLOAD MORE APOORVA RESIDENCELOAD MORE SAMRUDHI RESIDENCELOAD MORE SUNDAR RESIDENCELOAD MORE JAGGESH RESIDENCELOAD MORE MANJUNATH RESIDENCEWHY KANASU INFRA ?WE ASSURE THESE THINGS TO OUR CUSTOMERS AND WE ARE BEST IN THE FIELD OF CONSTRUCTION We have customer friendly environment in our firm by providing the Customized Sketch and Design for our Customers We have best planning and design team to design your project in planned budget of customers with Best Quality Materials Best part of our company is " We are better in providing best finishing " with well designing till customer satisfied CONTACT DETAILSLOCATION MAIL INFORMATION +91 9901732376 +91 6363622775Milary Nilalya, 8th main , Near 60 feet Road. Gokul Extension, Tumkuru. -572103info.kanasuinfra@gmail.comMENU HOME ABOUT US SERVICES PORTFOLIO CONTACT USSERVICESKANASU INFRAKanasu Infra is a civil construction firm expertise in the construction and interior designing industry. Being one of the best construction company in Tumkur, our turnkey construction services cover all aspects of construction from architecture to acquisition of materials, to executing the designs on-site. We know it’s never easy to choose the perfect construction firm, with lingering questions on quality, cost, performance, trust, reliability, and timeline but that’s our assurance to you. Kanasu Infra is all under one roof-service provider in the construction industry.RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL INTERIOR DESIGNING STRUCTURAL DESIGN RENOVATION TAILING & PAINTING PROJECT MANAGMENTCopyright © 2023 All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Crafted by Mywebbagbottom of page