Marta's Vinyard +44 07957 262747 Home About Us Accommodation Shop My account Cart Checkout Order Tracking Gallery Blog Contact Us Menu Home About Us Accommodation Shop My account Cart Checkout Order Tracking Gallery Blog Contact Us Know Your Wine Guide Slide 1Malbec Reserve 2019Deep ruby with hints of violetBuy nowFrom vines in the highest elevation vineyards in the world. Drenched in the intense luminous sunshine of the day but the cooler high altitude nights intensify a slower ripening concentration of fruit. Slide 2 Malbec Signature Reserve 2017The best Malbec available todayBuy nowThe very best of a carefully handpicked selection of our intense and concentrated 2017 harvest Slide 3Malbec Vintage 2014 immense quality and maximum concentration of fruitBuy nowClassic aromas of spices and mulberry with a richly faceted palate of intense black fruit and balanced with perfect tannins and subtle sweetness of oak Slide 3Cabernet Franc Signature Reserve Vintage 2016 Rare 100% single varietal classic from Argentina Buy nowHandpicked with every bunch individually selected for optimum ripeness All cases are 12 x 750 ml bottles THE HIGHEST QUALITY WINES Direct from the vinyard Marta’s Vinyard brings the very best hand-made Argentine wines directly to your table from the vineyards. Our family of farmers and winemakers and our dedicated team of logistic partners form the expertise of Marta’s Vinyard. That enables us to deliver on our promise of a range of top quality wines at competitive prices delivered from Argentina to your door. No middle persons, just pure and simply delicious wines.“Can honestly say that the wine you are delivering is the best I’ve had in a long time” Customer SE London 19th August 2020 BUY NOW HOW TO ORDER Direct from the vinyard 1 Browse Our Shop Browse our selection of wines in our shop and add to your basket. View the Shop 2 Payment Process Ping it – by instant Bank Transfer direct to our account for instant processing. Or pay by How To Pay 3 UK Delivery Sit back and wait. Delivery to the UK is fast and free Delivery Terms Share your contact and receive private discount codes Privacy Terms Menu Privacy Terms About Marta’s Vinyard was established in 1999 by Marta and her husband Malcolm with the vision of bringing Argentina’s fine wines direct your your home. Facebook Twitter Youtube https://www.drinkaware.co.uk/ Contact Us Marta’s Vinyard & Accommodatione : [email protected]t : +44 07957 262747o : 08:00 – 18:00 © All rights reserved Site Created and Maintained By PC Consultants X Close How To Pay Make your payment directly into our bank account sort Code 60-83-71 Account 13357232 We Accept PayPal payments Close Delivery terms Prices include delivery within a 60 mile radius of Egham/Windsor by Marta’s Vineyard transport. All other UK areas can be delivered by arrangement.