Metcalfe Rail Ltd Home About us Our Services Contact Metcalfe Rail Ltd Offering client support in all areas of rail infrastructure delivery Scroll down Services From the initial tender, right through construction to completion, Metcalfe Rail Ltd has a wealth of experience in the industry, whilst also offering third party consultation and team leadership. About Us Established in 2015 by Director & Principal Consultant, Will Metcalfe, Metcalfe Rail has supported a number of clients on several high profile projects in the North West as part of the increased rail investment in the North of England. Will has built a vast network of contacts within the industry at all levels and is widely respected for his knowledge, commitment and passionate approach to his work. Testimonial “Will is very personable, professional and enthusiastic and I very much enjoyed working with him.” - Huw Davies, Programme Manager for Northern Rail. Tender Management . Bid support for teams tendering for work within, or adjacent to, the railway infrastructure. FIND OUT MORE Pre-Construction . Over 20 years experience supporting small to large construction multi-disciplinary schemes. FIND OUT MORE Construction Management . On-site Construction Management support and advise on requirements aligned to the adopted contracting strategy. FIND OUT MORE Railway Interface Management . Support when working adjacent to an operational railway, from meeting legal obligations through to completion. FIND OUT MORE Project Completion & Hand Over . Support and expertise to ensure the correct processes are implemented and managed from the outset. FIND OUT MORE PROJECTS 0 CLIENTS 0 Huw Davies Programme Manager for Northern Rail “Will is very personable, professional and enthusiastic and I very much enjoyed working with him.” Ruth Jackson Ruth Jackson Planning Ltd “At RJP we regularly advise clients on early stage consents strategies for large infrastructure projects. Early understanding of construction requirements is a key component in advising on how to develop an effective approach to large, complex projects. Will at Metcalfe Rail has consistently provided the right level of advice. His experience of construction for large projects is exceptional and his appreciation of the complexities of what we need for early stage strategies makes a huge difference. We are always happy to recommend Metcalfe Rail and are looking forward to the next time we work together.” Email: will@metcalferail.co.uk Phone: 07515 625499 LinkedIn: WillMetcalfe