Home - Holistic Caring Skip to content Main About Team Testimonials Affiliate Area My Account Contact Nonprofit Patients Patient Consultations Patient Programs Medical Cannabis Card Certification Senior Care (65+) Energy Healing Therapies Professionals Professional Programs Psychedelic Programs Green Nurse Mentoring Media Free Medical Cannabis Guide The Podcast Press Webinars Presentations Multimedia Resources Professionals Directory Forms FAQ Educational Resources Blog Learn Conditions ECS Terpenes Botanicals Cannabinoids Menu Main About Team Testimonials Affiliate Area My Account Contact Nonprofit Patients Patient Consultations Patient Programs Medical Cannabis Card Certification Senior Care (65+) Energy Healing Therapies Professionals Professional Programs Psychedelic Programs Green Nurse Mentoring Media Free Medical Cannabis Guide The Podcast Press Webinars Presentations Multimedia Resources Professionals Directory Forms FAQ Educational Resources Blog Learn Conditions ECS Terpenes Botanicals Cannabinoids Shop Now $0.00 0 Cart Cannabis Education Simplified Transform with the evolving medical landscape Become a cannabis nurse today! Join the Network Build & demonstrate your credibility: Earn your certificate as a cannabis nurse with holistic caring Cannabis Nurse Health Coach $1500- 30 CEUSNurses can access a curriculum integrating Cannabis Therapeutics into patient care, along with a business toolkit for managing their consulting practice. Global Cannabis Nurse $500- 8 CEUSGlobal Nurses & Clinicians, this is your comprehensive guide to Cannabis Therapeutics. Enhance your practice & empower patients with cannabinoid knowledge worldwide. Psychedelic Nurse Coach $222 - 6 CEUSEmbrace the Psychedelic Revolution with our inclusive program, a gateway to new opportunities in mental healthcare for both aspiring leaders and licensed professionals. Cannabis Industry Professional $300 - 8 CEUSExplore a fulfilling career in the fastest-growing industry in America, supported by comprehensive toolkits and professional mentoring for your success. CBD Wellness Coach $50- 2 CEUSLearn how to approach CBD as a new paradigm in natural health and wellness. This is your first step towards a career in the exploding CBD field. View Elisabeth’s presentation on the CNHC Program and the evolution of Cannabis & Healthcare Cannabis Nursing: Pioneering a Paradigm Shift in Healthcare Cannabis nursing requires specialized knowledge and competencies to navigate care and address the stigma associated with medical cannabis use to support a healthy society. We seek to create lasting, transformative change that enriches both specialized and general nursing practices, ultimately serving the well-being of patients nationwide.” Rachel Parmelee MSN, RN, CNE, AHN-BC President, American Cannabis Nurses Association Elevate Your Cannabis Nursing Career Guiding you every step of the way Discover a unique blend of evidence-based science & business concepts to enhance your proficiency in cannabis medicine within your practice. Our 5 specialized programs offer continuing education units for Registered Nurses, equipping you with knowledge, research, tools, and community support to guide clients and patients in their pursuit of cannabis medicine solutions. Our professional programs prioritize clinical applications for optimizing cannabis use, while our industry-focused programs offer the necessary medical context, tailored to the global wellness market. Start and complete your studies on your own schedule, free from semester limitations. Holistic Caring delivers outstanding value, offering a unique blend of premium content, practicality, and quality. Our programs are open to individuals from various educational and professional backgrounds. Registered Nurses can earn Continuing Education Credits, with potential to earn up to 12 units across different programs. Furthermore, we provide a comprehensive ‘business in a box’ toolkit to facilitate the launch of your turn-key practice. Engage with our mastermind panels, diving into clinical case studies, business development, and effective marketing strategies. Get started Our Work, Our Mission & Our Impact Who we are, our work Holistic Caring® and The Green Nurse®, both established in 2016, are pioneers in the world of cannabis education and patient care. Founded by healthcare professionals Elisabeth Mack and Sherri Mack, these organizations have evolved to provide expert guidance and education in the use of medicinal cannabis. In 2021, we joined forces, combining our expertise to create a global presence. Our unified approach, including Nurse Line, Consulting, and Educational Programs, encourages the use of cannabinoids for improved health and overall well-being.” Read more Condition based programs Empower patients with our Self-Guided Programs, featuring a downloadable Patient Teaching Guide, recorded lectures, references, a Patient to Practitioner letter, bonus holistic health videos & a forum for connection. Cancer & Cannabis Exploring CBD & Cannabis for Cancer: Latest Research, Symptom Management, and Holistic Healing Autism, Epilepsy & Cannabis Educational Resources, Patient Guide, Provider Letter & Community Forum Mental Health & Cannabis Unlocking Mental Health Benefits of CBD/Cannabis: Self-Paced Programs for Healing and Wellness Get to know the basics with our Free course Our Free Program - Intro to Cannabis Differentiate Hemp and Marijuana for medicinal wellness. Explore conditions treated with Holistic Caring's guidance. Understand Cannabis medicine's brief history. Identify essential cannabinoids and their physiological interactions. Learn about product types and administration. Guide others to choose safe medicine. Apply medical Cannabis protocols and advocate for others. Enroll Now The Shop The Network Main About Our Team Testimonials Affiliates My Account Non Profit Contact Patients Patient Consultations Medical Cannabis Card Certification Patient Programs Energy Healing Professionals Professional Programs Psychedelic Programs Green Nurse Mentoring Media Free Medical Cannabis Guide Podcast Press Webinars Presentations Multimedia Resources Professionals Directory Forms FAQ Education Resources Blog Learn Conditions ECS Terpenes Botanicals Cannabinoids Holistic Caring® is an umbrella of progressive health professionals who provide products & services to support and nourish the endocannabinoid system.We serve the plant, the people and the planet for hope and inspiration for growth and healing to the patients we serve and the practitioners we work with.We provide Educational Programs & Nurse Coaching Services. Contact [email protected] (970) 404-4673 Get our newsletter Follow Us! Facebook Instagram Twitter Linkedin Youtube Tiktok © 2024 All rights reserved​ – Content Agreement – Privacy Policy – Terms – Accessibility Statement–Returns/Shipping/Cancellation FDA DISCLAIMER: The statements made regarding these products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. The efficacy of these products has not been confirmed by FDA-approved research. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. All information presented here is not meant as a substitute for or alternative to information from health care practitioners. Please consult your healthcare professional about potential interactions or other possible complications before using any product. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act require this notice. Subscribe & Receive Subscribe to our newsletter & receive the informative Medical Guide!