Antonio Redondo - Personal portfolio Home Projects Download resume Free mentoring session antonio.redondo@aliancer.com +34 666684468 48+ Projects Done I'm Lead Product Designer. With 19+ years of experience, I am a Lead Product Designer skilled in problem-solving and gathering qualitative & quantitative data. Schedule a call See my portfolio How I work Collaborating with product owners, developers, and UX/UI designers, I drive user-centered design processes (UCD). Over the past 7 years, I have immersed myself in UX methodologies, earning international certifications from UXAlliance, as well as certifications as a UX Research Specialist and with Nielsen Norman Group. Professional skills These are specific expertise or competencies that an individual possesses in a particular field or occupation. It is a combination of knowledge, abilities, and attributes that enable someone to perform their job effectively and achieve desired outcomes. UX UI Strategy Research More skills and tools Evangelizing UX teams Facilitating UX workshops Wireframes and prototypes Agile / Scrum Experience. Product strategy. Figma Notion or Jira Prototypes HTML5 + CSS3 Information Architecture User testing Personas + User Journeys Personals skills Personal skills are often developed through self-awareness, self-improvement, and experience, and they can greatly influence how individuals interact with others, handle challenges, and achieve their goals. Motivated Problem solver Self-starter Team player Fast learner Good communicator Empathic Leader My UX Strategy Discover At the start of the UX Design process, we focus on understanding your design's purpose and target audience. Our user-centric approach tailors solutions to their needs, ensuring a seamless and efficient design process. Define After understanding our target audience, we define design requirements and anticipate challenges. This 'problem definition' phase ensures effective implementation and an enhanced user experience. Develop Ideation fuels the creative process, generating effective solutions. We explore multiple options, selecting the most promising ones. Our expertise delivers impactful solutions to your challenges. Deploy After validating the solution, we seamlessly implement the fantastic new feature. Our focus is on delivering business value and usability, ensuring a robust implementation that benefits both users and your business UX/UI Mentor in adplist.org I am proud to share my journey as a mentor, contributing over 107 sessions and dedicating 3610 minutes to the ADPLIST community. I've delved into diverse topics, ranging from career navigation to skill development, and everything in between. Each interaction has been an opportunity to inspire, motivate, and provide valuable guidance to those navigating their paths in the dynamic landscape of design and product. The 3610 minutes invested represent not just time spent, but a dedication to nurturing talent, fostering creativity, and contributing to the collective success of aspiring professionals. Check my profile or Schedule a mentoring session Education and certifications. Additionally, I have earned certifications in UX to further enhance my skills and stay updated with industry best practices. UX Alliance: UXPM levels 1,2,3. Norman Nielsen group: UX lead and UX facilitator UX Learn: Advanced UX Researcher certification BiiaLab USA: Neuromarketing and Neurosales My Projects Check out some of my awesome projects with UX, UI, and Research. Mezura AI APP UX/UI Body measurement and fashion Research + Expert review + UI Management tool for PM UX Workshop Lottoland Hackathon 2019 UX Research MC Competitive analisys Web and APP On-line banking UX/UI Mobile Racing Game SM.ART UX Research Meditation APP APP UX/UI Salary On demand APP Lottoland Keno Lottery Expert review Word Puzzle Game APP Review My youtube channel Check out some video content about UX If you like what you see, let's work together. I bring rapid solutions to make the life of my clients easier. Have any questions? Reach out to me from this contact form and I will get back to you shortly. Schedule a call Name * Looks good! Please enter your name. Email * Looks good! Please provide a valid email address. Message * Looks good! Please enter your messsage. Looks good! Please complete the Captcha © 2023 Aliancer. All rights reserved.