Home |Faculty of Agriculture Unitas 06-03-2024 (0751) 40020 fapertaunitaspdg@gmail.com Indonesia Indonesia English Registration New Student Home Profile History Dean Vision Mission and Objectives Leadership Link Masters Agrotechnology Academic Structure Accreditation Curriculum Curriculum Online Journal Quality Quality Progress.Agribusiness Study Masters Agrotechnology Agrotechnology Agrotechnology Quality Assurance Cluster SOP Final Project Writing Download Lecture Schedule Exam Schedule Submission Form Certificate Not to Receive Scholarship Certificate of Lecture Guidelines for Writing Thesis Alumni Download × Search Welcome to the Faculty of Agriculture, Taman Padang University, the Latest DiscussionPT Wilmar Group in the framework of the MBKM Student Program in Complete Workshop on Online Learning Strategies in the 19th Pandemic Covid at the Faculty of Agriculture in full extension of the registration of West Sumatra Pomprov athletes 2022 in full the Seminar on Agrotechnology and Agribisni Student Internships in full the Complete General Lecture of the Agrotechnology Study Program.For complete release of certified apprentice students in full the announcement of the Midterm Examination (UTS) even 2021/2022 What is the full of what our alumnus said all our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue it Walt Disney this world is enough to meet human needs, not to meet human greedMahatma Gandhi The secret to progress is to start.MARK TWAIN Ask for information to send your ideals here!See our lecturer Dr.Milda Ernita, S.Si., MP Dean ... Dr.Fridarti, S.Pt, MP Deputy Dean ... Prof.Dr.Ir.M. Zulman Harja Utama, MP Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Dr.Ir.Widodo Haryoko, MP Lecturer of Podi Agrotechnology ... Dr.Ir.Syafrizal, MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Ir.Rudy Kusuma, MP.PhD Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Fahkrullah I Tama Umar, S.Pdi.M.Pd Lecturer of Mathematics Education Study Program ... Nirmala Santi, S.Pd.M.Si Lecturer of Mathematics Education Study Program ... Syahrial, Sp.M.Si Lecturer in Agribusiness Study Program ... Angelia Leovita, Sp.M.Si Lecturer of Agribusiness Study Program ... Silvia Rosita, S.Sc.M.Si Lecturer of Aktuaria Study Program ... Yurniati, S.Si, M.Si Aktuaria Study Program Lecturer ... Dr.Ir.Hj.Jamilah, MP Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Dr.Ediwirman, MP Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Dr.Milda Ernita, Ssi.MP Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Dr.Ir.Fatimah, MP Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Dr.Zahanis, M.Si Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Dr.Ir.Sunadi, MP Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Aslan Sari Thesiawati, Sp.M.Si Lecturer of Agrotechnology Study Program ... Dr.Ir.Sri Mulyani, MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Dr.Ir.Sari Gando Hidayati, MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Dr.Ir.Zulkarnaini, MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Dr.Ir.Afrijon, MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Dr.Fridarti, S.Pt.MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Ir.P.N.Jafri, MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Ir.Erwin Awal, M.Pt Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Devi Dianti, S.Pt.MP Lecturer of Animal Husbandry Study Program ... Yulia Rahmawati Z, S.Pd.M.Pd Mathematics Education Study Program ... Dina Amsari, S.Pd.M.Pd Lecturer of Mathematics Education Study Program ... Andika Putra R, S.Pd., M.Pd Lecturer of Mathematics Education Study Program ... Ilham Martadona, Sp.M.Si Lecturer in Agribusiness Study Program ... Siti Khairani El Hakim, SP.M.Si Lecturer of Agribusiness Study Program ... Dian Fauzi, Sp.M.Si Lecturer in Agribusiness Study Program ... Alvindo Dermawan, Sp.M. Si Agribusiness Study Program ... Melvi Muchlian, S.Pd.M.Si Lecturer of Akturia Study Program ... Sari Arsita, SE.M.Si Lecturer of Actuarial Study Program ... Fanny Oktivia Denovis, SE.M.Si Lecturer of Actuarial Study Program ... Siska Resti, S. S. Pd.I., M. The Lecturer of Actuarial Study Program ... Faculty of Agriculture with a personality, professional and able to produce high-competitive agricultural scholars and has entrepreneurial skills in 2020. For complete support of Simpmb Unitas E-Learning e-Payment Kopertis10 Simlitabmas Forlap Dikti UniversityAddress Jln.Tamansiswa No.9 Padang (25138) |Fax.(0751) 444170 (0751) 40020 fapertaunitaspdg@gmail.com @unitas_padang @unitas_padang Newsletters Subsrcibe to get the latest news about our campus.Subscribe Support by Garuda Cyber Indonesia & Smart Campus Home Profile Greeting Dean of History Mission and Objectives Leadership Link Masters Agrotechnology Academic Institutional Structure Accreditation Curriculum Online Journal Quality Quality Progs.Agribusiness Study Masters Agrotechnology Agrotechnology Agrotechnology Quality Assurance Cluster SOP Final Project Writing Download Lecture Schedule Exam Schedule Submission Form Title Certificate Not Receiving Scholarship Certificate of Lecture Guidelines for Writing Alumni Thesis Download