GFM Accountants - GFM Accountants Skip to content About About Us Meet the Team Community Fundraising Sponsorship Services Professional Networks Self-Managed Super Funds Bookkeeping and Payroll Business Set Up Tax Planning Business Advisory Accounting News Latest News & Events Contact Contact Us Make a Booking Resources Useful Tools Contact us today for a consultation Book Consultation 03 9374 2422info@gfmaccountants.com.au Book A Consultation If you’re in small business, you need an advisor who is interested in more than just the books. Welcome to gfm Accountants. Business Advisors. We are here to excel your business growth and offer expert guidance at GFM. Our services encompass more than just traditional accounting and bookkeeping; our full range of expertise spans tax and compliance to comprehensive business development strategies and wealth creation. Our aim is to understand your business and foster its growth and prosperity. We believe in actively engaging with our clients and are dedicated to delivering highly professional, prompt, and cost-effective solutions. We are more than simply your accountants and business advisors. We are your partners in your business journey, here to guide you through challenges and achieve financial success. Services GFM Accountants Pty Ltd offers services ranging from the traditional accounting, bookkeeping, taxation and compliance areas through to the provision of wealth creation and business development strategies. Accounting Business Advisory Tax planning Business Set Up Bookkeeping and Payroll Self-Managed Super Funds Professional Networks Our People At GFM Accountants, our team is made up of 12 dedicated staff members who specialise in many different areas, who are always willing to help our clients meet all of their financial needs. Partners Darren West and Brent Vickery are dedicated to providing the highest level of professional service which is personalised, prompt, flexible, and cost-effective. Meet The Team What our clients have to say “ A HUGE shout out for GFM Accountants and Brent and his Team and especially Jenny. They all do such a great job and having been doing my small business books and Family for many many years now. When the Pandemic hit AUST this year, Brent was on the phone making sure all was going to be ok at the office of PAO and assisted us in many ways. Keep up the great work GFM, Cheers Yvonne and Kylie – Process All-Over Pty Ltd Yvonne Mason“ I’ve been seeing GFM Accountants now for over 20 years as per recommendation from my uncle. There is no one I trust more to look after my Business, Tax, and Investment needs. They are competent and have me and my family’s best interest at heart and have a wealth of knowledge when it comes to money! My partner and I see Darren but have had dealings with other staff in other specialised areas. What’s impressive about Darren and his team is that they been able to answer and research any question you throw at them no matter how complex it may be which proves their extensive experience they have under their belt. I cannot recommend them highly enough so do yourself a favour and see what they can do for you! Domee“ I started a business 11 years ago. GFM accountants was recommended as business advisors and accountants for my new business venture.The GFM team took us under their wing and have been our right arm in our business.Amazing advice and direction for all our investments, SMSF, tax requirements etc.Brendan has been my staff’s lifeline and would not of survived in the office without his 24/7 care and help. So helpful and always available at a drop of a hat.The service and care of GFM accountants is outstanding and they are so highly competent.A big shout out to Darren, Brendan and Andrew.The awesome 3 who have been with us every step of the way.Every year the GFM team has successfully met all our needs personally and professionally.Genuine care, we are a name to GFM not a number.They are accountants who can be trusted and have sincere, best interest for all our family and business needs. My wife and I wish we had known about GFM accountants many years ago.Don’t look anywhere else for an accountant! Michael Baumann“ Couldn’t recommend the team at GFM Accounting enough. Thanks to them my business runs as smooth as possible with great advice and always happy to answer any question I have. Andrew goes above and beyond with sorting things out for me and answering my phone calls no matter how many times I call. Matthew Edwards“ I was referred to Darren from GFM Accountants Pty Ltd by a good friend after my previous accountant had not meet my needs nor my requirements with my small business.My previous accountant had really cost me a lot of money eg: paying tax where this could of been prevented.When I called Darren from GFM Accountants I told them how my last accountant had caused so much stress and money.Darren reassured me he has a dedicated team that spend the time understanding my business and directs me to achieve my goals within my business and personal finances.I commend GFM Accountants, Darren and his team they have fixed so many things and directed me on the right path with Superannuation, Public Liability insurance and so much more.I’m certainly excited working with these guys. Highly recommend you make the move if you are looking for a dedicated accountant. Chantal Djuric“ Have been with GFM for over 21 years because of the people – Darren, Brendan, Brent, Andrew and staff. They have been consistent and reliable. A team as a client I can rely on. Hope they stay that way for many more years to come! Charles Hui Sign up for our newsletter for news, tips and advice 140 Keilor RoadEssendon NorthVIC 3041 03 9374 2422 info@gfmaccountants.com.au About Us Meet the Team Latest News & Events Services Contact Us Follow Us Website by SWiM Communications Copyright GFM Accountants Pty. Ltd. 2022. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy & Disclaimers