Protective devices products of the company «Spinor international» - Ltd. Center of scientific practical research and application of innovative programs on safety of human health "Geoinfozond". The Center represents the interests of Spinor International in international markets on product advertising, sales, consulting, training, as part of the «diagnostics and neutralization» program. The company Spinor international includes «Geoinfozond» Front page About Us Our activities Collaboration Devices Devices for diagnostics Devices for neutralization Geopathic stress Oncologic diseases Contact Ltd. Center of scientific practical research and application of innovative programs on safety of human health "Geoinfozond". The Center represents the interests of Spinor International in international markets on product advertising, sales, consulting, training, as part of the «diagnostics and neutralization» program. The company Spinor international includes «Geoinfozond» Devices for neutralization 0 Protective devices products of the company «Spinor international» Автор: admin · 22.03.2015 4G/5G protector for your body! 4G/5G protector device. Price — Sales — 109,00€ Price of the producer (discount). Delivery in any country. A safeguard — 3 years. Consultation about devices, application and their sale. Director of Center «Geoinfozond», please contact by mail geoinfozond@gmail.com Official sale in United KingdomAdministrator: London (United Kingdom) USA, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Italia, France Inctruction for use Intent of the device The 4G/5G protector device protects a man from adverse effects of the torsion fields generated by mobile networks transmitters (including 5G), WiFi routers, electrical engines of trains, trams ets. Application of the device For maximizing the protectiv effect, please, carry the device with you at all times and keep it with in close proximity to your body eg: in your pocket or your handbag. The device does not interfere into operation of any eiectronic devices. The warranty period for the 4 G/5G protector 3 years. Manufacturer Spinor Internation Ltd. The protective device «Vernada-Odo» As the spread of coronavirus accelerates, researchers will experience antiviral treatment using Vernada-Geo and Vernada Odo protective devices. Devices for the prevention, removal of coronovirus and other viral infections. This is due to the positive influence of the new field on the development environment of the coronovirus. Researchers at Spinor International have confirmed that creating a positive field (rotating to the right) while these two devices are working will be the key to treating infections caused by the new coronavirus. It has already been proven that the new field (rotation to the right) during the operation of these two protective devices in the form of a broad spectrum antivirus, known as Vernada-Geo and Vernada Odo, has already demonstrated its effectiveness in treating Ebola and Zika Viruses. This helps strengthen the immune system. Price — 199,00€ Sales — 169,00€ Price of the producer (discount). Delivery in any country. A safeguard — 3 years. Consultation about devices, application and their sale. Director of Center «Geoinfozond», please contact by mail geoinfozond@gmail.com Official sale in United KingdomAdministrator: London (United Kingdom) Barcelona (Spain), Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Italia, France The new device «Vernada-Odo.» The principle of operation of the device is based on the law of harmonization of confined space, which we discovered. The device effectively neutralizes the harmful effects radiation of a Wi-Fi router, router, wireless networks, as well as geopathic zones in apartments, offices and others indoors, thus protecting people. Vernada-Odo works within the walls of a room or office. (Use of the device only for one room or room, office.) Vernada-Odo can be used to eliminate the negative effects of base stations live cell phones. To do this, the device must be placed in any convenient place near the base station. Vernada-Odo can also be used when carried with you next to your body, on a train,, in the subway, on the plane and in the car. The protective device «Vernada-avto» Price — 99,00€ Sales — 69,00€ Price of the producer (discount). Delivery in any country. A safeguard — 3 years. Consultation about devices, application and their sale. Director of Center «Geoinfozond», please contact by mail geoinfozond@gmail.com Official sale in United KingdomAdministrator: London (United Kingdom) Barcelona (Spain), Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Italia, France The device «Vernada-avto» is reliable a way of protection and safety of your family in your car from negative influence of technogenic and geopathogenic radiation. The protection device «Vernada-avto» protects of the driver and passengers of the car from negative influence of automobile electronics, an engine electric equipment. The device possesses of unique ability not only to distinguish, but also with ease to remove fatal displays of technogenic and geopathogenic zones on health and state of health of man and it possesses unique properties, namely efficiency, safety, comfort and convenience of operation, in your favorite car. In turn the device «Vernada-avto» will provide protection and safety of people and your animals in your car at journey of places of road with powerful negative influence of technogenic radiation and will prevent their fatal influence on you and your car. Technopatogenic places of roads is first of all places of the roads adjoining to base stations of mobile phones, wind-generators, high-voltage electric lines, bridges, tunnels, the underground. On the statistics in these dangerous abnormal places occurs a majority of car accidents. For a long time it is known, what geopathogenic zones have negative influence on more healthy and state of health of man, during too time not always we can avoid, and at times and to distinguish presence of a geopathogenic zone. The device «Vernada-avto» will help to reduce probability of failure at journey of places of road where there passes an abnormal, geopathogenic zone, thus to protect life and health of people in the car. On the statistics in these dangerous places there is a majority of car accidents. And, in many countries even establish the signs limiting speed of movement on such places of road. All that is necessary for your safety is to buy the device «Vernada-avto» and to connect it according to the instruction. The description: Device «Vernada-avto» Developed by our partner the company «Spinor Interneshnl» the device «Vernada-avto» is connected to automobile power supplies in a socket, intended for additional charge of various gadgets. The inverting module with the help of an adapter is connected to «plus» of the storage battery of the car. Using the device of protection: • the weariness of the driver, accordingly reduction of emergencies on dangerous places of road essentially decreases. • journey of places of road with negative influence on the driver is facilitated: geopathogenic zones, a technopathogenic places of roads. The check of efficiency and safety of the device «Vernada-avto» It is important to know. Our laboratory are developed and makes unique devices VEGA-10 and VEGA-11 possibilities of which allow to define presence and borders of the unhealthy for driver and passengers of the car of radiations from influence of automobile electronics, an engine electric equipment. Also these diagnostic devices allow to define overall performance of device «Vernada-avto» in an engine operating time. Devices show absence of negative influence of electromagnetic radiation in the car and round it at inclusion in a device socket after 30-45 seconds You can to check up, at will, efficiency and safety of work of device «Vernada-avto» in the most simple and reliable enough way. To invite the expert in a biolocation who will do by biolocation frameworks given measurements on device work. An essence is if the device switch-on in a socket for gadgets after 30-45 seconds in your car unhealthy influence of the automobile electronics, the engine will be completely neutralized. Accordingly this unique action confirming safety in your car and in a zone of 2-2,5 m. round the car will be defined by any expert of a biolocation to whom you trust. The given measurements are made in an operating time of the engine of the car and show 100 % repeatability of result, and also absence of hazardous to health radiations at witching-on of device, fix biolocation frameworks. The center of scientifically — practical researches and the application of innovative programs on safety issues of health of man «Geoinfozond» renders consultations concerning efficiency of application of the devices-neutralizers made by our company «Spinor Interneshnl» and we are engaged in their advancement in the international markets. Discounts: if the order is greater than 5 pieces — 5 %, greater than 10 pieces — 10 %, greater than 20 pieces — 15% Device Forpost-1 is a protection from electromagnetic radiation Price — 69,00€ Sales — 49,00€ Price of the producer (discount). Delivery in any country. A safeguard — 3 years. Consultation about devices, application and their sale. Director of Center «Geoinfozond», please contact by mail geoinfozond@gmail.com Official sale in United KingdomAdministrator: London (United Kingdom) Barcelona (Spain), Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Italia, France Device operation priority Outpost 1 protection against emissions Protective device “Forpost-1″ is a reliable and convenient way to protect people from the negative influence of torsion (information) component of electromagnetic radiation emitted by monitors of personal computers, TV sets, other electronic equipment. Recent studies have confirmed that the torsion (information) component of electromagnetic radiation TV sets (monitors of personal computers, other electronic equipment) is the most significant factor in the negative impact on human health. Thanks to the development of electronic engineering a levelof electromagnetic radiation monitors, TV sets is substantially reduced. However, despite the fact that the level of electromagnetic radiation, such as LCD TV sets (monitors) is significantly lower than that of the TV (monitor) with a cathode-ray tube (CRT), the «power» of the torsion (information) component of LCD TV sets (monitors) is almost the same as that of the TV (monitor) CRT. Prolonged exposure to torsion (information) component of radiation TVs, PC monitors can lead to well-being decline may be the cause of headaches, extreme fatigue, cause blurred vision and memory, worsening of sleep; lead to a reduction in the level of leucocytes and lymphocytes in the blood, reduction of immunity; adversely affect the endocrine and reproductive systems. Most sensitive to the effects of torsion (information) fields children and pregnant women. Device «Forpost-1″ is a generator of the right static torsion field. In the interaction of the right torsion field generated by the device «Forpost-1″, with an adverse effect on human health left torsion field computer monitor (TV, other electronic devices), a mutual cancellation of the fields created biosafety area as front of the monitor (TV), and around it. Created by the device «Forpost 1″ bioibezopasnaya zone is a barrier to the emergence of Energy relations between the emitter and the field of man, and as a result, prevents a negative impact on human health. Device «Forpost-1″ also can be used to neutralize the negative impact of electronics of Car, trolley buses, subway trains. Discounts: if the order is greater than 5 pieces — 3 %, greater than 10 pieces — 5 %, greater than 20 pieces — 10% «Spinor» device Price — 49,00€ Sales — 39,00€ Price of the producer (discount). Delivery in any country. A safeguard — 3 years. Consultation about devices, application and their sale. Director of Center «Geoinfozond», please contact by mail geoinfozond@gmail.com Official sale in United KingdomAdministrator: London (United Kingdom) Barcelona (Spain), Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Italia, France The Spinor device provides reliable and user-friendly protection from adverse effects of the torsion (information) component of electromagnetic radiation of mobile phones, cordless phones, MP3 players, laptops and other electronic devices. Recent studies revealed that the torsion (information) component of radiation of mobile phones (cordless phones) is the most substantial factor affecting the human health. Prolonged exposure of the torsion (information) component of mobile phone’s radiation can deteriorate one’s health, cause headache, excessive fatigue, weak vision and memory, sleep disorder, reduction of the blood levels of leukocytes and lymphocytes, immunity disorders; it adversely affects the endocrine and reproductive system. Children and pregnant women are most vulnerable to effects of torsion (information) fields. The Spinor device neutralizes harmful effects of torsion (information) component of radiation of mobile phone (MP3 player, laptop etc.) and creates a biologically safe area around a phone (any other electronic device). The device does not interfere into operation of phones and other electronic devices. Discounts: if the order is greater than 5 pieces — 3 %, greater than 10 pieces — 5 %, greater than 20 pieces — 10% The delivery and payment The delivery to your country is under the tariff of Ukrpost on an advance payment, the delivery is for the expense of the buyer. The Advance payment is made by invoice. Sale of phones with a protective sticker «Spinor» manufactured by the main company in Japan since 2017. You can separately purchase a protective sticker «Spinor» for your phone from us. Payment method. I accept types of cards (MasterCard and Visa) for Ukraine. Information for your translation: Payment transaction: Euro is my Mastercard, dollars is my MasterCard, money transfer in Euros MoneyGram, Western Union, RIA, Transferwise. Money transfer options: 1. Information about the details To receive SWIFT in Euro (EUR) BENEFICIARY: NIKITIN SERHII, my master card, euro BANK OF BENEFICIARY beneficiary bank PRIVATBANK, 1D KHRUSHEVSKY, KIEV, 01001, UKRAINE SWIFT CODE: PBANUA2X Information about the details for receiving SWIFT euro (EUR) IBAN: UA283052990000026207744041347 ACCOUNT: 5168742709909786 2. Information about the details To receive SWIFT in US dollars (USD) my MasterCard, US dollars. GETTING: NIKITIN SERHII, IBAN: UA903052990000026205732088347 ACCOUNT: 5168742721863581 BENEFICIARY BANK Beneficiary Bank PRIVATBANK, 1D KHRUSHEVSKY, KIEV, 01001, UKRAINE SWIFT CODE: PBANUA2X — Information on requisites For receiving SWIFT in euros (EUR) BENEFICIARY: NIKITIN NIKITIN SERHII BANK OF BENEFICIARY Beneficiary bank PRIVATBANK, 1D HRUSHEVSKOGO STR., KYIV, 01001, UKRAINE IBAN: UA283052990000026207744041347 ACCOUNT: 5168742709909786 — Information on requisites For receiving SWIFT in US dollars (USD) BENEFICIARY: NIKITIN SERHII, IBAN: UA903052990000026205732088347 ACCOUNT: 5168742721863581 BANK OF BENEFICIARY Beneficiary bank PRIVATBANK, 1D HRUSHEVSKOGO STR., KYIV, 01001, UKRAINE SWIFT CODE: PBANUA2X 3. transferwise.com — new money transfer system !!! This is the best option for your translation from Japan. Many buyers from Japan and other countries use this free transfer in any currency, no restrictions. 4. Money transfer MoneyGram, Western. To transfer money use Western Union MoneyGram, RIA. In any of your bank it is enough to provide the following information: Country — Ukraine, Name — SERHII, Surname — NIKITIN Specify the transfer system and the amount of your transfer. It is in your power to prevent the damage, caused by technopathogenic and geopathogenic radiation. We will be glad to assist you in creating of healthy and safe living conditions, work and rest time for you, your family and pets. Добавить комментарий Отменить ответ Для отправки комментария вам необходимо авторизоваться. Ltd. Center of scientific practical research and application of innovative programs on safety of human health "Geoinfozond". The Center represents the interests of Spinor International in international markets on product advertising, sales, consulting, training, as part of the «diagnostics and neutralization» program. The company Spinor international includes «Geoinfozond» © 2024. Все права защищены. Работает на WordPress AND pluginus.net. Theme by Alx.