Home » PATEL S.A.U. Skip to content Carretera Vic olot 08511 L'Esquirol, Barcelona [email protected] 24/7 Customer Support +34 627 283 601 Reach us by phone Home About Us Certifications PRODUCTS MARKETS Contact Us Menu Home About Us Certifications PRODUCTS MARKETS Contact Us PATEL S.A.U. Pork Suppliers VIEW CATALOGUE PATEL S.A.U.Pork DivisionPATEL S.A.U. is the trade name of the Vall Companys Group’s pork products. It operates three company-owned abattoirs and four cutting rooms, generating more than 300,000 tons of top-quality fresh pork a year, which are exported to the world’s most demanding markets.Production of pork from white pigs by the various group companies stands at over 4.3 million animals per year. Process integration and verticalization ensure a consistently high quality standard in all processes. Pork, your best partner QUALITY ASSURANCE PROGRAMME Quality and Animal Welfare Animal welfare is a priority in our abattoirs, and for this reason all necessary measures are put in place to ensure it is respected: optimisation of transport and holding pen times, automated conveyance of animals to the CO2 stunning units, officially approved training for all personnel involved in animal handling and meticulous control of the entire procedure.The company, furthermore, holds a certification in animal welfare, renewed every six months by an external company, which meets requirements even more stringent than in current legislation. In this way, an effective system is maintained to ensure animal welfare is respected throughout the process. Control of all production stages.Control of raw materials:Certified suppliers and Quality specifications.Process control: On-line traceability, HACCP Critical Control Points, ISO 14001, BRC, IFS, QS, BBC.Certified, auditable documentation.Quality, Food Safety and Environment Policy.Welfair™ Animal Welfare certification based on the European Welfare Quality standard, for slaughter and traceability in Patel, SAU, and for slaughter in Cárnicas Frivall and Cárnicas Cinco Villas.IAWS – Interporc Animal Welfare certification. Pork, your best partner VERTICALIZATION AND TRACEABILITY Vertical Integration System PATEL S.A.U. and its various production plants make up a fully integrated production and marketing process, covering all stages from reproduction, nutrition and animal rearing to slaughter, quartering, packaging and distribution of the end product, as well as all complementary processes (veterinary pharmacy, integrated logistics, etc.).This verticalization and integration policy allows full traceability of any product to source, and ensures consistent, stable quality throughout the production line. GENETICSReproduction, Incubation, AI Center NUTRITIONRaw Material, Nutrition, Feed Manufacture ANIMAL HEALTHBiosafety, Partner Farmers, Training ANIMAL HANDLINGBiosafety, Partner Farmers, Training TRANSPORTATIONRaw Materials, Feed, Animals, Meat ABATTOIRTraceability ANIMAL QUARTERINGSpecifications PACKAGINGHealth Guarantee Need help? Reach our award-winning support team 24/7 at [email protected] Useful Pages About Us BRANDS Catalogue MARKETS About Us BRANDS Catalogue MARKETS Legal Affairs Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Cookie Policy Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & conditions Cookie Policy Contact Us Company InfoPATEL S.A.U.Carretera Vic olot, km 11,08511 L’Esquirol,Barcelona, SpainApproval no: 10.01293/BIntracommunity VAT: ESA08242166 © 2008 - 2023 Patel, S.A.U. All rights reserved Powered by Patel, SAU Product Enquiry Warning: Undefined array key "subject" in /home/u152089217/domains/patel-sa.es/public_html/wp-content/plugins/gm-woocommerce-quote-popup/includes/GMWQP_Shortcode.php on line 85 Name*Email*Mobile Number*Enquiry*Captcha* Send! Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Scroll to Top