Home - Evdelo Menu Company Industries Services Success Stories Blog Contact Us Developing technologies that empower people from all walks of life Who we are Evdelo is a Romanian software development company, located in Bucharest that has a strong industry focus on Retail, Agriculture, Healthcare, Real Estate & Auctions.We help businesses adapt to changing demands with agile, innovative, technologies – like blockchain, Data Science and Cloud. You can leave your in-house resource in place, to focus on your core business, for perfectly seamless service delivery.Since the beginning, we built client relationships on trust, openly sharing our work methods and the rules we rely on. 0 Active projects 0 % Happy Customers Focus Industries Agriculture Innovate, balance supply, reduce losses and optimize production Read More Healthcare Deliver affordable services that are attuned to better patient outcomes. Read More Retail Engage shoppers in new ways through innovative technologies Read More Auctions Online Auction Solution Development Read More Real Estate IT Solutions for the Real Estate Industry Read More Get A Free Quote! What We Bring to the Table Product Design Develop and prototype your concept ready for crowdfunding and manufacture. Start now PoC Development We design products from initial idea to the reality of manufacturing & product launch Leave It To Us Machine Learning Use up-to-date technologies and custom-made solutions to provide reliable products Train it now App Development Use up-to-date technologies and custom-made solutions to provide reliable products iOS And Android Cloud Migration Improve agility, accelerate innovation & gain value by upgrading your IT infrastructure Migrate to the Cloud DevOps We design products from initial idea to the reality of manufacturing & product launch We can handle it Our list of services does not end here. We’ll adapt to your particular needs. Get A Free Quote! Get A Free Quote! Projects We Worked On Agriculture Saas Farm Management Software Real Estate Marketing Management Platform Media Publishing automation platform Education eLearning Solution Retail Measurement App For Tailors Auctions Live Auctions Platform Let’s develop custom software together. Ready to gain competitive advantage? Get A Free Quote! Don’t Believe Us? Ask Them "They help you understand things" "I’ve had a long-lasting partnership with EVDELO. They always try to make things possible. They don’t just build the software for you, they help you understand things in the industry you need to know." Vlad TofanCEO, BMAN “Absolutely Marvelous!” " It was an absolute pleasure working with the EVDELO team on our publishing platform, the thinking, speed, proactivity, support and delivery quality was first rate. A real surprise with a first engagement. I wish every partner we worked with was so service driven." Madalin PredaCEO, MPublisher “Flawless!” "I worked on several projects with the Evdelo team, and the results were excellent! The steps of a project, in the design phase, decide how the project will go and to what extent it will meet expectations. I believe that the sustained communication, transparency, and promptness of Evdelo have led to the results mentioned above." Bogdan AnghelinaArobs “Exceeded my expectations” "The technical team exceeded my expectations in terms of the quality of their work and their efficiency. They are very flexible and willing to do what it takes to get the project done." Alin NeacsuCEO, alAgri “True professionals” "I've worked with the this team on a variety of digital projects for several years now. They are excellent, true professionals. The breadth of knowledge and understanding that EVDELO has within its walls, makes every website and project we've worked on, look amazing and function really well. If you are looking for aptitude and engineering excellence, they will guide you on the right direction." Yael BarMarketing Director, Regal London Today’s Industry Insights Understanding GPT-3 – Future of AI Text Generation Amazon’s recommendation algorithm drives 35% of its sales 6 Google machine learning applications How To Use Python in Finance and Fintech How to Implement Analytics in Your Mobile App? What Is Digital Transformation? Definition, Benefits and Examples Need a successful project? Estimate project Subscribe to Our Newsletter Calea Vitan 58 Bucharest,Romania ‭+40 (757) 905 135‬ +40 (768) 775 372 [email protected] Services App Development Product Design Machine Learning DevOps PoC Development Cloud Migration Industries Agriculture Healthcare Retail Real Estate Auctions Company About us Contact Us Get a Quote Success Stories Blog Facebook-f Twitter Linkedin Copyright © 2020 EVDELO. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Input your search keywords and press Enter. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT