ANZCA Music Examinations Skip to content Home Exam Entry Australia New Zealand Asia Subscriptions Shop Online Syllabuses Support ANZCA Go! Video Exams Info About ANZCA Latest News Audio Tracks Drumkit Performance Backing Tracks Jazz Syllabus Backing Tracks Video Links Composers Graduation Scholarships University Prizes Contact Us Menu Home Exam Entry Australia New Zealand Asia Subscriptions Shop Online Syllabuses Support ANZCA Go! Video Exams Info About ANZCA Latest News Audio Tracks Drumkit Performance Backing Tracks Jazz Syllabus Backing Tracks Video Links Composers Graduation Scholarships University Prizes Contact Us 0 ANZCA Music Examinations Drive for innovation is at the heart of our examination system – as is our commitment to aid and encourage the ongoing development of music, its students and its teachers. Learn about ANZCA Latest ANZCA News Explore ANZCA and our online services Shop Online The full range of ANZCA Publications is available online for purchase and digital download. Shop online today. Explore Syllabuses ANZCA has syllabuses covering a broad range of instruments. These are free for anyone to download. Online Exam Enrolment ANZCA Online allows students to be enrolled via a simple, easy-to-use online system. Our latest news News & Events Feb16 “Performance Diversity” Workshops with Joanne Roberts ANZCA Examiner Joanne Roberts will present workshops in Wangaratta (Vic.) and Newcastle (NSW) in March. For more information regarding each event, see the flyers below. ... Read More → Feb09 Meet Examiner Tay Cher Siang – Malaysia ANZCA examiner and pianist Tay Cher Siang is a renowned educator, performer and recording artist. Since receiving his Masters degree in Jazz Pedagogy, he has ... Read More → Read all blog posts Innovative examinations for the rich diversity of today’s musical styles. Featured publications Our extensive range of publications includes technical work books, grades books, specimen tests, theory tutors, text books and more, all available through our online store. Quick ViewAdd to cartTheory of Music – Worked Papers 2014 $25.10 Quick ViewAdd to cartDrum Kit Fills – Volume 1 $26.30 Quick ViewAdd to cartTwo Advanced Studies in Modern Styles (Download) – Andrew Craggs $5.40 Quick ViewAdd to cartClassical Pianoforte, Series 2 – Grade Two $24.70 Explore the full range Since 1983, ANZCA Music Examinations has been renowned for its innovative, flexible and exciting music examination system. Throughout Australia, New Zealand and South-East Asia, ANZCA offers creative exam syllabuses to appeal to all contemporary musicians. Quick Links Home Online Enrolment Shop Online About Us Contact Copyright © 2024 ANZCA Music Examinations