Flower Power - Home Toll free: 1-800-263-6815 BUY FROM INVENTORY PRE-ORDER CONTACT US SIGN IN Sign in Buy Now Expiry Premium Flowers With Personal Service We help florists and event planners fulfill the most challenging orders by delivering fresh and premium flowers with consistent quality on time, every time, supported by knowledgeable and proactive service. Create an Account Order Your Easter Flowers Now! 2024 New Addition Update! 2024 Receive Your Flowers On Time As a florist or event planner, you already have enough on your mind. Margins are tight already, so you simply can't waste time or money. Your flowers make a big impression, and you work hard on getting it right for your customers. You shouldn't have to worry about your stock not arriving in the right shade, not on time, or not fresh! Trending Now Clematis Stem Lavender Chrysanthemum Blush Statice Apricot Hyacinth White Campanula Purple Tulip Orange Chrysanthemum Jade About Staalduinen Floral Our team provides knowledgeable service and support. We understand the business and make decades of experience available to you whenever you need. We are the order fulfillment experts in the flower industry. You don't have to worry that your order is not correct, your flowers are not fresh, or will arrive late. We deliver exactly what you order, on time - every time. You don't have to deal with tedious order processes. We always carry a large inventory of premium fresh flowers for immediate delivery and have the experience to fulfill even your most unique or rare order. Find Out More How Would You Like to Order? Buy Now Buy supplies now and receive by tomorrow. Pre-Order Pre-Order from our catalog and enjoy reliable delivery. Promotions Don't miss our regular promotions. Why Order From Staalduinen Floral You Get What You Order FAST! We’re the Floral Distributor with the leading Order Fulfillment System so everyone from retail buyers to event planners enjoy simple ordering, and “on time, every time” delivery. Find out more Quality And Freshness Guarantee You don’t have to worry about the quality of the flowers we deliver. We are just as picky as you are. We pay attention and deliver impeccable quality. We get it right every time. Find out more Variety And Consistency We always have a wide selection of flowers available and can deliver from stock. If we don't have exactly what you want then we find the best alternative for your needs. Find out more How It Works 1 Place An Order Our state-of-the-art ordering system makes finding it easy to find exactly what you need. 2 Get Support Your call gets answered and we are available with decades of knowledge and experience. 3 Fast Delivery We service a large area with an extensive fleet of delivery trucks. We'll be there when you need us. 4 Grow Your Business You can confidently service your customers with a reliable partner behind you. We have your back. Order Your Flowers Now You can order your flowers with our efficient ordering system. Alternatively, give us a call and test the knowledge and experience of our client support team. You can stop being frustrated with late delivery or the wrong shade or colour, and instead grow your flower business confidently with the strongest possible industry partner behind you all the way. Create an Account Contact Us Decades Of Experience You Have a Golden Team My sales reps are Darryl and Yvonne. I have a hundred questions for them every single week and they answer every single one of them as soon as possible. Shout out to Barb and Deb at the shipping/receiving/ packing. Dear Staalduinen you have a golden team there let me tell you. Yours truly, Bouquetino. Luba Bouquetino ALWAYS Happy with The Service and the Product I receive from Staalduinen Floral the last eighteen years. Crystal Hill Super Informed and Product is Excellent Darryl is our rep and always super informed and product is excellent!!! Jeff De Ruiter What Our Customers Have To Say Great place to order flowers from Harold Kelly Thanks for Your Flowers! I think you are doing amazing things for flowers, and also for the community. Katie Morgan Customer Service Email usContact our sales teamCreate an account Staalduinen Policies ShippingPrivacy policyTerms of useCookie Policy How to Buy Buy nowPre-order Resources About Us 1255 Arvin Avenue Stoney Creek, ON L8E 0H7 Canada P : 905-643-2002 F : 905-643-2377 E : info@flowerpower.ca © Copyright 2024 Staalduinen Floral Limited. All rights reserved. Sign in Please enter your email adress and password below or select Create Account to sign up today. Email Address Please enter a user name Password: Forgot your password? Create Account Forgot your password? Enter the email address associated with your account. We will send you an email to reset your password. Email: Back to login Search Search for: Buy Now from Stock General Information Your Shopping Cart to Buy from Inventory will expire in less than 1 min Do you need more time? Yes, Keep My Items No, Empty My Cart Your Shopping Cart to Buy from live Inventory was idle for more than 7 minutes and has now been emptied Shop now We are making sure your items are still in stock. Please be patient. This will take a few seconds. Sorry, these items have been sold and are no longer in stock. Please continue shopping for alternatives. Your item has been added to the Shopping Cart. Your items will be held in the Shopping Cart for a limited time while you complete your order.