TOWER Signage | Hygiene, Safety, and Vehicle Signage Search here MenuHomeAbout TOWER Signage User Guide Products Aluminium Signs ABS Signs Home Hygiene Range Mini Decals Photoluminescent Sign Safety Information Signage Vehicle Signage Media TOWER YouTube Blog Support Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Contact TOWER Signage Request QuoteCLOSE TOWER World Hygiene RangeNow Available!VIEW PRODUCTS Welcome to TOWER SignageTOWER’s Signage range has taken bulk manufactured signs and translated it to retail, ensuring signage is available directly to the consumer. The signage range has fun, informational and compliant solutions available in various materials. https://towersignage.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/TOWERHygieneRangeAd.mp4 Latest Products No Smoking including Vapes & E-Cigarettes DECAL-NSVE | 115x115mm R0.00 No Vapes & E-Cigarettes DECAL-VE | 115x115mm R0.00 No Smoking including Vapes & E-Cigarettes SIGNNSVE | 150x150mm R0.00 No Smoking including Vapes & E-Cigarettes SIGNNSVE190 | 190x190mm R0.00 No Vapes & E-Cigarettes SIGNVE | 150x150mm R0.00 No Vapes & E-Cigarettes SIGNVE190 | 190x190mm R0.00 No Smoking including Vapes & E-Cigarettes SIGNALNSVE | 150x150mm R0.00 No Vapes & E-Cigarettes SIGNALVE | 150x150mm R0.00 Sliding Door Decal 150 x 150mm DECALSD R0.00 Electricity Warning SIGNPEW190 | 190mm x 190mm R0.00 Photoluminescent Sign in Alu Frame (1 sided): Fire extingusher, fire hose and red arrow (down) 570x190mm R0.00 Photoluminescent Sign in Alu Frame (2 sided): Fire extingusher, fire hose and red arrow 570x190mm R0.00 Photoluminescent Sign in Alu Frame (1 sided): Fire extingusher and red arrow (down) 380x190mm R0.00 Hygiene RangeHealth and safety is an issue that’s impossible to ignore. They play a vital role in communicating information. TOWER provides you with a solution for your signage needs.View Products Photoluminescent Signs• Average 7 year • Made of 1.2mm thick ABS - PST material • Good chemical and abrasion resistance • Upper temperature limit 80 degrees celciusView Products Aluminium Signs• One of the strongest materials • Gives a very professional finish • Very versatile • Material has rust-resistant propertiesView Products ABS Signs• One of the strongest materials • Gives a very professional fi nish • Very versatile • Material has rust resistant propertiesView Products Mini Decals• Durable high-quality vinyl • Has a crack-back for easy peeling • Thickness – 80 microns • For short and medium term outdoor markingsView Products Vehicle Signage• Printed on 0.9mm thick ABS material • High impact and notched impact strength even at sub-zero temperatures • Very good resistance to heat deformationView Products Safety InformationHealth and safety is an issue that’s impossible to ignore. They play a vital role in communicating information. TOWER provides you with a solution for your signage needs.View Products Photoluminescent Signs• Average 7 year • Made of 1.2mm thick ABS - PST material • Good chemical and abrasion resistance • Upper temperature limit 80 degrees celciusView Products Aluminium Signs• One of the strongest materials in the signs industry • Gives a very professional finish • Very versatile • Material has rust resistant propertiesView Products ABS Signs• One of the strongest materials in the signs industry • Gives a very professional fi nish • Very versatile • Material has rust resistant propertiesView Products Mini Decals• Durable high-quality vinyl • Has a crack-back for easy peeling • Thickness – 80 microns • For short and medium term outdoor markingsView Products Vehicle Signage• Printed on 0.9mm thick ABS material • High impact and notched impact strength even at sub-zero temperatures • Very good resistance to heat deformationView Products Subscribe to our free newsletter! SEND We will not spam you or share your information. TOWER World TOWER is dedicated to making your life easier. As Southern Africa’s largest office stationery, label supplier, we pride ourselves on delivering products of the broadest range and highest quality, to meet your every need. Email Ushelp@towerworld.com Copyright © 2022 TOWER Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Cookie Policy TOP We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT MENU Home About TOWER Signage User Guide Products Aluminium Signs ABS Signs Home Hygiene Range Mini Decals Photoluminescent Sign Safety Information Signage Vehicle Signage Media TOWER YouTube Blog Support Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Contact TOWER Signage Request Quote