Magazine Works - Information concerning the work and building Skip to content magazine Work information concerning the work and building Home Construction renovation by room roof room kitchen bathroom renovation by type alarm & security heating & air conditioning electricity carpentry paintLocksmith Roofing Outdoor Development Menu Les Nouvelles Menuiseries et Ventens For the House posted on December 15, 2017 Have you ever heard of wooden or PVC windows associated with aluminum?Little known to the general public, but appreciated by the architects of the new generation, mixed joinery are distinguished ... Repair or redo your roof: how to choose?Posted on November 15, 2017 Small roof repair or complete change in the coverage, taking the time to reflect is imperative to be repaired by roofing.If it is simply a question of replacing two or three tiles ... 6 ideas to mix styles like a pro in the bathroom posted on November 15, 2017 cement tiles, bathtub, wooden furniture ... here is a bathroomWho looks like!With a hint of blue that energizes the whole, this bathroom is full of ideas ... The 10 secrets that the locksmith keeps for him posted on November 5, 2017 prejudices on locksmiths have hard life: crooks, incompetent, thieves… In reality, it is above all the bad experiences that make them talk about them and that make us be wary of… layout of the show: the 3 big mistakes to avoid posted on November 1, 2017 want to change your show?Before committing the irreparable, discover the traps to avoid in the development of the living room.And as a bonus, the tips to remedy it, just to regret anything …… We test you on… Wood heating posted on October 15, 2017 Go to wood heating, as a extra heating or as main heating, is a projectFor many French people.But do you know the fundamentals of wood heating?We decided to… marry the colors: the 6 traps to avoid posted on September 15, 2017 Dare the colors in the decor is trendy.But be careful not to make a mistake.In interiors, some shades can lead to divorce straight!On the house side you… 4 tracks to find out if my electricity is up to standards posted on September 15, 2017 before buying or before doing work, you should know if the electrical network is up to standard, if it is necessary to modify it locallyOr if you will have to redo everything….Pool: Create a relaxation area by the water posted on July 15, 2017 How to create a relaxation area by the pool?Follow our 6 tips for choosing the outdoor furniture you need and enjoying your swimming pool without necessarily you ... Home security: 4 rules for optimized security posted on June 15, 2017 burglary, a difficult risk to ward off.But by equipping yourself effectively, you can considerably limit it.Alarm, quality windows, or well -armed gateway, discover our 4 tips ... 1….Search: categories alarm & safety outdoor planning heating & air conditioning electricity carpentry renovation by room renovation by type bathroom lounge locksmith recent articles new joinery and windows for the house repair or redo your roof: how to choose?6 Ideas to mix styles like a pro in the bathroom The 10 secrets that the locksmith keeps for him layout of the living room: the 3 big errors to avoid we test you on ... Wood heating marry colors: the 6 trapsAvoid 4 tracks to find out if my electricity is up to pool standards: create a relaxation area by the water safety: 4 rules for optimized security Archives December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 © 2024 MagazineWorks |Design: Newspaperly WordPress Theme