Town and Country Sales and Lettings. request a free no obligation valuation Lettings Sales Town & Country Sales and Lettings Specialists in Residential Sales, Lettings and also Land and New Homes Suite 406 Bedford Heights, Brickhill Drive, Bedford. MK41 7PH 01234 217555 david@townandcountrylets.com 13 Church Street, Ampthill, MK45 2PL 01525 403333 lui@townandcountrylets.com Rightmove View our properties on Rightmove Welcome to Town & Country Town And Country Properties To Let 0 Properties For Sale 0 Years Trading 0 Lettings Operating from our offices based in Bedford and Ampthill we offer a full management service which includes inspections, inventories, dealing with maintenance issues all at competitive fees AND WITH NO HIDDEN OR ADDITIONAL FEES. Above are just some of the reasons why, whether you are looking to rent, or have a property you wish to Let or you just want professional advice, you should consider Town & Country. Please look at our new website to give you a little more insight as to our business and then contact us. We will aim to meet your needs. No application fees for tenants Fees chargeable - One weeks holding deposit required once the let has been approved in principle. 3% above base rate will be chargeable on all arrears and letters sent due to non-payment will be charged at £20 per letter. Any replacement keys required during the tenancy due to the fault of the tenant will be charged based on cost of replacement. Any changes or assignment of a tenancy agreement will be charged at £50 (Please note the initial agreement is not charged for and if you elect to renew your tenancy and there are no changes, no charge will be levied) If you need to terminate your agreement prior to the end of the fixed term or you have not provided the required notice we will not charge a fee however you will be required to pay the rent in full up until such time as the fixed term has ended or the proper notice has been provided. We are proud to be members of the 'Property Ombudsman' Sales Town & Country Sales is a traditional independently owned Estate Agents based in Ampthill and Bedford, specialising in Residential Sales, Land and New Homes and Investments. Initially we can offer you a free no obligation market appraisal where we give you our opinion on value and talk you through the process and what we do as a company for you. We offer prominent marketing with the largest property website Rightmove, excellent customer service with friendly and professional staff and a dual based office location between Bedford and Ampthill which gives us that little edge over our competitors. We understand that our customers have different requirements and we pride ourselves on being able to individually tailor our services to meet individuals needs. We understand the market and have many years experience dealing with Sales across Bedfordshire. For those looking for the reassurance of dealing with an independent traditional agent who will assist you in every way through the process. Contact Us Contact us to discuss your property needs. Town & Country Lettings Suite 406 Bedford Heights, Brickhill Drive, Bedford. MK41 7PH Mon – Fri : 9am – 5.30pm Sat : 9am – 2pm Sundays and Bank Holidays : Closed david@townandcountrylets.com Office: 01234 217555 Get Directions Town & Country Sales 13 Church Street, Ampthill, MK45 2PL Mon – Fri : 9am – 5.30pm Sat : 9am – 2pm Sundays and Bank Holidays : Closed lui@townandcountrylets.com Office: 01525 403333 Get Directions Town & Country Sales and Lettings Specialists in Residential Sales, Lettings and also Land and New Homes Useful Links Town and Country on Zoopla ©Town & Country Sales and Lettings - Website by DD&D