Engineering Telecom Associates Skip to content 400 Reed Street, Suite 140, Santa Clara, CA 95050 info@etai.net Home Who We Are Our Services Courses HR Consulting and staffing Careers Request a Quote Contact Us Home Who We Are Our Services Courses HR Consulting and staffing Careers Request a Quote Contact Us × Network Solutions Recruiting Solutions Electrical Services Follower Growth About Us Engineering Telecom Associates Engineering Telecom Associates (ETA) is a Telecommunication and Utility consulting company based in Santa Clara, California. Network Solutions Recruiting Services Electrical Services What We Do Our Services ETA is one of the top consulting firms for telecommunications. We pride ourselves in lowering costs for companies and making informed technology decisions, all while maintaining prestige customer satisfaction. Telecommunication Telecommunication We can assist you and your team in the latest Telecom READ MORE Courses Training & Courses ETA’s experienced and expert staff have developed high quality READ MORE Pre-design phase Pre-design phase ETA starts from the ground up to enhance your company. READ MORE System Design & Implementation System Design & Implementation ETA collaborates with you to find the ideal READ MORE HR Consulting and staffing Recruiting Solutions As technical organizations are being scaled to be as efficient READ MORE Network Optimization Network Optimization ETA’s Network Optimization Consulting Services offer the network intelligence necessary READ MORE Why Choose Us Experience, service, advice, technology, & value! We have expertise in multi-site telecommunication networking, Unified Communications and inter-office networking design and deployment as well as utility infrastructure installation. Business is the best plan How to improve business Truly Local Support Proactive Support FREE Network Assessment A Single Point of Contact ETA (Engineering Telecom Associates) is a wireless communications consulting company based in Santa Clara, California. Quick LinksHome Who We Are Careers Our Services Quick LinksRequest a Quote Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Services Contact Info 400 Reed Street, Suite 140, Santa Clara, CA 95050 +1 (650) 941 5828 info@etai.net +1 (650) 941 5228 © 2023 Engineering Telecom Associates. | Web Designed by GilroyWebDesign TOPThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assum you are ok with this but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings Do not sell my personal information.×Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT