Ditsela Skip to content Home About UsMenu Toggle DITSELA Origins Vision Mission Organizational StructuresMenu Toggle Board of Directors Staff ProgrammesMenu Toggle Programme Education StrategyMenu Toggle Building Competence, Curriculum and Cadres in the following fields of learning The meaning and practice of workers’ education The “Political” Mandate The Model of delivery National Education ProgrammeMenu Toggle Educator Forums Siyakhuluma Seminar Labour Law Skills Programme Short Courses Programme Provincial Education ProgrammeMenu Toggle Western Cape Programme Historical QualificationsMenu Toggle Trade Union Practices Qualification (TUPQ) Ditsela Advanced National Labour Education Programme (DANLEP) PublicationsMenu Toggle Research Annual Reports Newsletters Programme Brochure News & EventsMenu Toggle News Events Contact Main Menu Home About UsMenu Toggle DITSELA Origins Vision Mission Organizational StructuresMenu Toggle Board of Directors Staff ProgrammesMenu Toggle Programme Education StrategyMenu Toggle Building Competence, Curriculum and Cadres in the following fields of learning The meaning and practice of workers’ education The “Political” Mandate The Model of delivery National Education ProgrammeMenu Toggle Educator Forums Siyakhuluma Seminar Labour Law Skills Programme Short Courses Programme Provincial Education ProgrammeMenu Toggle Western Cape Programme Historical QualificationsMenu Toggle Trade Union Practices Qualification (TUPQ) Ditsela Advanced National Labour Education Programme (DANLEP) PublicationsMenu Toggle Research Annual Reports Newsletters Programme Brochure News & EventsMenu Toggle News Events Contact Reviving Workers’ Education Through Trade Union Activism. 3 November National Siyakhuluma Seminar Read More The objective of the Siyakhuluma Seminars is to initiate and stimulate debate and explore different perspective on contemporary issues taking place locally as well as globally from a working-class perspective. This month’s topic: The NHI and the government’s austerity measures. What is the Labour Movement’s response? 7-10 November 2023 Political Economy Short Course Read More This short course is aimed at developing a basic understanding of political economy and some of its key concepts; developing an understanding of different approaches to the analysis of economic issues; developing a framework for understanding current debates around South Africa’s economic development and deepening our confidence when confronted with debates around economic issues and to feel encouraged to pursue ongoing study of political economy. The course is targeted at shopstewards and will be held at DITSELA’s National office (JHB). 13-17 November 2023 Eastern Cape Train the Trainer Read More The Train the Trainer Popular Education Practice Workshop programme is an education programme aimed at empowering shop-stewards, community, youth and gender activists who aspire to be trade union and community educators to acquire popular education and facilitation skills and approaches so they may be effective educators. It involves both theoretical and practical knowledge as well as applications. 31 October - 1 November Western Cape Occupational Health and Safety Short Course Read More Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Vision To be a (Global) Centre of Excellence in Workers’ Education In 1994, the new democratic government responded positively to the demands by the trade union movement for a commitment to Trade Union Education under the control of the trade union movement. The government created a special dedicated fund for this purpose, and supported the formation of DITSELA as an institute that will help build labour capacity to: Strengthen worker participation in workplace, industrial and political democracy Strengthen workers intellectual and organising capacity Build and strengthen a strong vibrant labour movement in SA Promote the role and importance of workers education Gallery - Courses View all the different courses that DITSELA has to offer Visit Page Socials: To learn more about what we do, feel free to explore our activity on social media: Facebook Instagram Youtube Our Locations We have 2 sites located in Joburg and Cape Town. For more information, please follow the link below: Visit Page Vacancies To see if there are any available vacancies, please visit the page: Visit Page Director’s foreword We are thrilled to bring you the outline of our 2023 programme, themed “REVIVING WORKERS’ EDUCATION THROUGH TRADE UNION ACTIVISM”. The institute aims to be a Global Centre of Excellence in Workers Education by focusing on gender, socio-economic issues and climate change. The program will address the plight of women, young workers, and workers with disabilities, as well as those affected by poverty, unhealthy working environments, and corruption. The institute believes that a strong and progressive working class is essential for the short- and long-term building of the workers’ education movement, ultimately advancing their interests towards hegemony and building a classless society. The institute encourages workers to unite and fight for their rights. What We Do Promoting workers’ education as part of the adult learning policy discourse and its vital role in advancing socio-economic justice for the working class Supporting the development of education, organising and leadership capacity of the labour movement. Upholding traditional union values of democracy, collectivism, equality, human rights and the dignity of labour. Providing quality non-formal and formal workers’ education that encourages critical thinking, activism and transformation of the workplace and of society. Advancing the unity and solidarity of the working class locally, on the continent and globally. Collaborating with the workers’ education movement locally and globally. Reviews Fern EllisNational Administration Course“I didn’t expect it to be as practical as it was; it was a strange combination of very inspirational as well as extremely practical. It’s quite often that you get courses that you sign up for or do that aren’t as useful as you may have thought they’d be, but this one was incredibly useful. We had a session on “free writing” and often things like this turn out to be a little bit abstract and not of value but this was extremely valuable in terms of tapping into your subconscious mind, to refresh your memory from your subconscious. We did “minute-taking” in great detail as well as something I’ve always found strange and accessible- “Mail Merging.” “The facilitator; Ms. Dlamini, was extremely engaging, humorous, you could really tap into what she was saying and the technical aspects were really detailed. And I’m really grateful to Ms. Dlamini, and DITSELA as a whole, for everything they’ve done for us to ensure that everything was smooth- sailing for us. I’m truly, grateful, Thank You!”Penelope Amogelang KutumelaNational Administration courseThe course was incredibly educational and helpful, and the presenter was very knowledgeable and helpful. I now know what is expected of me as an administrator in the highly political and stressful trade union sector, but I also know how to properly manage and administer the office. I went into the course wanting to learn how to do a better job as an administrator; I wanted to learn how to organize and handle pressure from officials and members, as my position also requires that I assist members when officials are not around. Mastering filing would also help me run the office more efficiently on a day-to-day basis and the administration course gave me the abilities and information I desperately needed and assisted me in enhancing those I already had.Johannes MofepheFasset Seta Labour Law Skills Programme“A huge thank you to DITSELA for conducting a progressive and comprehensive manual which entails key aspects of Labour Law to cover both the employers and employees, together with the trade union officials on behalf of members in various workplaces. Strategies, goals, and objectives of the training were really empowering and capacitating to enable the shopstewards to manage their roles and responsibilities in their workplaces on a daily basis, particularly on monitoring and evaluating the employer’s compliance with the regulations governing the workplace. Shopstewards and union officials who participated received further information and skill enhancement and advocacy concerning important priority areas in their workplaces. The training wasn’t just about equipping us with tools to fight the employer, but also a way of approaching it, thanks to Mr. Monaisa, the training facilitator, who gave us all new perspectives on the opportunities to apply strategies when effectively engaging or challenging his or her employer in an appropriate manner.” Media Gallery - Courses View course image here: Learn More Ndivhuwo (Newsletter) Newsletter Learn More Events View the upcoming events: Events Partners Vacancies Annual ReportsAnnual Report 2021-2022 Annual Report 2020 NewslettersJune – September April – May February – March Johannesburg Address: 4th Floor, P.O. Box 61285, 21 Kruis Street Marshall Town, Johannesburg, 2000 Western Cape Address: Room 25&37, Prefabs Building, Private Bag X17 Bellville 7535, University of the Western Cape Copyright © 2024 DITSELA | Powered by Hambisana