Inteligenta – SOFTWARE and DATA Engineering Company Skip to content Home About Us Services Leadership Team Work with Us X Call us now: +389 75237430 WELCOME TO INTELIGENTA The right approach to SOFTWARE and DATA engineering! Inteligenta: Your partner for innovative software and data engineering solutions, empowering your business success. Contact us for a transformative digital journey Contact Us Read More 6+Years of Experience ABOUT US Innovating the Future of IT since 2018 Inteligenta* is a fast-growing IT company established in 2018. The core of our business is software development and data engineering. We provide services to various industries, catering start-ups and small and medium-sized enterprises. Our experience and capabilities enable us to combine multiple technologies and assume different roles, ranging from a provider of teaming services to a full-fledged technology partner of our customers. Experience in delivering internet-scale solutions. Design-driven development and workload-centric architectures. Business-focused approach to data engineering. Collaborative partnership and outcome-based models. Read More WHAT WE DO Services We Offer Inteligenta excels in diverse software and data engineering, shaping the future with adaptive solutions since 2018. Get Started Software development Inteligenta team has extensive knowledge and can provide support in the following software development services: Read More Technology partner Inteligenta team has extensive knowledge and can provide support with the following DevOps and data science services: Read More Teaming Inteligenta has experience and capabilities to provide team extension services with rapid startup time and talented developers. Read More Standards Upholding Excellence Through Industry Standards We use standards as business tools to manage quality, information security, service, and environmental policies. Inteligenta is ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO/IEC 20000-1:2021, ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified. ISO 9001:2015Quality management systems ISO 14001:2015Environmental management systems ISO/IEC 20000-1:2021Information technology — Service management ISO/IEC 27001:2013Information security management 6+Years of Experience Hiring INTELIGENTA is looking for: 1. FULL STACK JAVA DEVELOPERS (5 position) Great opportunity to join our team at INTELIGENTA. We are looking for web developers with an entry or medium level of experience, for full-time employment. We have 5 open positions for Full-stack Java developers. 2. QA MANAGER (1 position) who will be implementing and managing the QA functions for our development team. You will oversee our software engineering processes and methods to ensure high quality standards are met. You will have an essential role in building and steering the Quality processes and procedures with your skills and experience to deliver effective testing and ensure that product release objectives are met. Software development Inteligenta team has extensive knowledge and can provide support in the following software development services: Quick analysis of existing programing code of complex software solutions Good understanding of functional requirements Algorithmic and mathematical programing Heuristic and numerical optimizations Effective project management and quality assurance This model is appropriate for well-established companies with their own products or ongoing projects. Technology partner Inteligenta team has extensive knowledge and can provide support with the following DevOps and data science services: Hosting to cloud migration Automated provisioning of cloud infrastructure using code tools CI/CD deployment using different tools Deployment and operation of containerized environments Solving scalability and high availability issues Related to single sign-on technologies, public and private cloud technologies Analytics infrastructure operations management Data warehousing, data marts, data lakes Data pipelines for massive data processing Python programming, data mining and machine learning Teaming Inteligenta has experience and capabilities to provide team extension services with rapid startup time and talented developers. We have extensive knowledge of various technologies and development tools: Python, PHP, Java, C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. We collaborate closely with the Faculty of Computer Sciences and Engineering (FCSE). FCSE is the most prominent technical faculty in the country and one of the largest ICT facilities in the region.This model is appropriate for small and midsized companies with their products or ongoing projects. INTELIGENTA Management board Goran Velinov, PhDStrategic development director Boro Jakimovski, PhDInnovation director Daniel KiprijanovskiDirector of operations Boris ShterjevTeam and technical lead Marina StevanoskaStandardization and QA manager Nino ArsovTeam and technical lead Scientific advisory board Aleksandar Dimovski, PhDFormal models, verification and machine learning Biljana Tojtovska, PhDStatistics, stochastics and financial mathematics Riste Stojanov, PhDSemantic web technologies, software engineering Lasko Basnarkov, PhDModeling and simulations Kostadin, PhD CandidateWeb and mobile development Nenad, PhD CandidateData analysis, simulations & algorithms CONTACT US Get in Touch With Us! Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit rui volurae esse ruam nihil molestiae conseauatur vel illum rui eum fugiat ruo voluetas nulla pariatur. Our Services Software development Technology partner Teaming Contact Info Orce Nikolov str. No 202/2-61 1000 Skopje contact@inteligenta.io Call us now: +389 75237430 Copyright © 2023 Inteligenta All rights reserved.