Home - Innovative Preparations Skip to content Home Quality Infrastructure Testimonials Shop My account ₹0.00 ₹0.00 Main Menu Superior Quality Products Believing Quality Building Relationships Make an Enquiry Write a review All India Delivery Delivery 6-7 Working Days Quality Products 100% Quality Products Complete Health Care 100% Healthy Products Our Products TRIBU-FIT A combination of Tribullus Terrestris and Ashwagandha, helps boost energy levels by raising LH (Luteinizing Hormone) levels in blood.RS 2720 Buy TRIM-IT The Slimming Solution, which is an ideal weight loss solution. The ayurvedic formulation is made using various standardized ingredientsRS 2500 Buy PRO-FIT A pure natural high-quality Whey Protein that contains all the essential amino acids needed for tissue repair and muscle growth.RS 7460 Buy Maxi mass MAXI MASS is equipped to boost muscle size drastically maintaining high energy levels. It improves endurance and performance.RS 4000 Buy LIGA-FIT Liga-fit cotains Glucosamine that is known to reduce oesteoorthrits related pain,stiffness and swelling in the joits.RS 980 Buy About Us We are a young and vibrant organization that wishes to scale new heights in the medical industry by offering high quality Nutritional Supplements. We are one of the well-known manufacturer and Supplier of Nutritional Supplement. From whey protein to muscle building supplements, slimming capsules, weight gain capsules to pain relievers, we offer various supplements that are required by body builders, sports persons and various individuals. In our range, we have Mass Gainers, Whey Protein, Lean Muscle Gainers, Protein Supplements, Energy Drinks, Weight Gainers, Energy Boosters, Fat Burners, Our supplements are made using natural ingredients and are highly effective. To ensure that we supply 100% safe-to-use supplements, we follow medical regulatory standards. This has helped us to gain credibility in the market and secure a distinct position for ourselves. Testimonials  5/5 “I tried maximass for many of my clients and I got great results. With proper workout, it works great. Its made in India – best mass gaining supplement, affordable, good taste ,without any side effect and most important – no supplement dependency effect after stopping”. Mr. Manas Dey  5/5 “I found the product Maxi Mass awesome. A great product!” Mr. Rubal Kathait Karnataka state open – MOST MUSCULAR and GOLD MEDAL  5/5 ” I have used PRO-FIT, Tribufit and am happy about the results.”. Mr. Rafiq Holi International Wrestler Home Quality Infrastructure Testimonials Shop My account Shopping Cart Home Quality Infrastructure Testimonials Shop My account Cart Copyright © 2024 | Innovative Preparations