Digital agency|innovative solution|digital services in France Please enable JS UNLOCK YOUR BRAND’S TRUE POTENTIAL Integrated Digital Marketing Services YOUR ONE STOP TO GROW YOUR BRAND’S DIGITAL FOOTPRINT We are a digital-first integrated marketing solutions provider headquartered in Nantes, France with our network of experts & resources spread across India. We provide a wide range of digital marketing services, which are strategically crafted and customized to each client’s unique needs. We believe that digital marketing is both an art and a science i.e., backed by data-driven insights and creatively compelling. We constantly strive for excellence in every area – be it strategy, operational execution or servicing. Our Services SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING From designing content calendars to customize creative messages according to platform, we provide end-to-end social media services. SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION With our expert team of SEO professionals, we aim to maximize your website's potential by implementing proven techniques that align with the latest search engine algorithms. EMAIL MARKETING We create personalized email campaigns, optimize deliverability, and track performance to drive higher open rates, click-throughs, and conversions for your business. PERFORMANCE MARKETING Whether it's increasing website traffic, generating leads, or boosting sales, our performance marketing experts are dedicated to delivering tangible and scalable outcomes for your business. E-COMMERCE Our team specializes in optimizing product listings, streamlining checkout processes, and leveraging various digital channels to drive targeted traffic and maximize conversions for your e-commerce business. RETENTION MARKETING Through personalized communication and targeted campaigns, we help you engage, with your existing customers, ultimately driving higher customer retention rates and fostering long-term brand loyalty. AUDIO & VIDEO PRODUCTION We focus on building brand assets that are creatively crafted to grab the attention of user through state-of-the-art audio visual productions. ONLINE REPUTATION MANAGEMENT From handling negative reviews and addressing customer feedback to building a strong online presence through proactive reputation management strategies, we help safeguard your brand's image and ensure a favorable perception among your target audience. WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT From website design and development to user experience optimization and responsive mobile integration, we ensure that your website not only looks visually stunning but also delivers a seamless browsing experience across all devices. APP DEVELOPMENT Our expert team of developers works closely with you to understand your unique requirements, design intuitive user interfaces, and develop robust and scalable mobile applications for iOS and Android platforms. BRANDING We understand the power of a strong brand identity. Our branding services are designed to help businesses create a distinctive and compelling brand image that resonates with their target audience. CREATIVE CAMPAIGNS We excel at creating captivating and memorable creative campaigns that leave a lasting impact on your target audience. Our team of talented designers, copywriters, and strategists collaborate to develop innovative and visually stunning campaigns across various platforms. WHY PARTNER WITH US? Data-Driven Insights We believe in the power of data to drive informed decision-making. Our agency utilizes advanced analytics tools to gather actionable insights about your brand's performance to continuously optimize your digital marketing campaigns, ensuring maximum ROI and sustained growth. Laser-sharp Communication Each digital platform has its own distinct characteristics and user expectations. We thoroughly analyse various digital channels, including social media platforms, search engines, and content platforms, to determine the most effective communication strategy for your brand. Audience Analysis We go beyond demographics and explore their preferences, behaviours, and pain points. This enables us to craft highly targeted messages and campaigns that connect with your audience on a deeper level, driving engagement and conversion. Customised Solutions No two brands are alike, and we recognise the importance of tailored solutions. Our team of experienced strategists and marketers work closely with you to develop a customised digital marketing strategy aligned with your specific goals and objectives. OUR SENIOR TEAM The combination of Amit’s youthful exuberance and Jigar's seasoned expertise creates a harmonious collaboration that fuels our company's growth. The yin and yang dynamic between Amit and Maya ensures that we strike the perfect balance between innovation and tried-and-true strategies. THE GEN-Z TRAILBLAZER AMIT ABRAHAM Founder & Director, Ahmur Amit represents the vibrant and entrepreneurial spirit of the Gen Z generation. Born and raised in the digital age, he possesses an innate understanding of the latest trends, platforms, and technologies that define the modern marketing landscape. His fresh perspectives allow us to see opportunities where others might overlook them, and his ability to adapt quickly ensures that our strategies are always cutting-edge. Experienced sales and marketing manager with expertise in building, maintaining and running successful digital marketing campaigns. Adept at creating and implementing client-centric, successful campaigns, aimed at improving brand awareness and salience. Collaborative and creative manager accomplished at managing digital brand presence through unique content. International Masters in Management. WITHIN A YEAR OF INCEPTION, WE’VE MANAGED TO BE A PART OF MANY BRANDS’ DIGITAL GROWTH STORIES. CONTACT US LOCATION NANTES, FRANCE +33 629027031 LOCATION MUMBAI, INDIA jinal@amhur.net Privacy Policy All rights reserved. © Amhur