Platoete R. Hello Bilac 828 - Canaã Sete Lagoas / MG - Zip Code: 35700-214 Phone: (31) 3773-9078 The Company History Mission, Vision and Values Quality Products Clutch Flight Motor Volantes Cushion Cubes Singles S Spring BreakWheels Air Chambers retainer Revites March Box Quotation Contact News Always offering the best solution ... We work with the best brands on the market.Make your quotation parts to heavy line make your quotation agricultural parts make your quotation parts for pickup trucks and utilities make your quote know a little about our company specialized in clutch, transmission, lubricants, brakes, protector and air chamber, since 1991 serving theMarket, always offering the original pieces to the best manufacturers.Learn more we offer the best clutching products clutch servant clutch cylinder motor steering wheel brake canvas brake pads brake drum brake discs for gearbox wheel bearing wheel bearing clutch bearing clutch air chamber camara air protectorWheel Screw Cloak Exchange Oil Locking Spider Washing Brake Spring Patin Patin Roll Rivet Oil Dot 4 Flying Room Engine Steering Wheel Rolation Agricultural Box Ecobox lock of clutch pasteAgricultural Plateau Additive Radiator Filters Differential Axis Kit Catka Cinta View all products do not waste time, make your quote Name: Email: Phone: Select the product: Clutch clutch clutch clutch cylinder steering wheel Motor Canvas padsBrake Brake Drum Brake Discs Cinching Pieces Wheel Wheel Bearing Retaining Clutch Camara Air Camara Camara Camara Camario Scanning Oil Brake Brake Brake Spring Brake Patin RollerClutch fork Rivet Oil Dot 4 Steering wheel Rectification Engine Steering Wheel Roll Agricultural Box Ecobox Clutch lock Greasters Blasses and lubricants Platea Platee Repair Additive Radiator Filters Parts Differential Kit Trick Cinta Message: Submit +200 Employees Custom Service+14.000 Customers 29 Years Experience The opinion of our customers Francisco Firm very good service and with great quality Luiz Guilherme Pieces for Eaton Box Direct from the factory, great service, good price and easy payment condition.They are good, I indicate!Victor Serious Company, salespeople are very attentive and sincere.It's the best clutch and brake solution in the city!Send yours also know where we are and contact Name: Email: Telephone: Message: Send Know Our Brands See more see the latest updates from our blog News to 167 days ago432 days ago Actuator Volvo I-Shift You find here! ... Read more tips at 468 days ago Remanufactured clutches andaton advantages of remanufactured clutches Eaton ... Read more tips at 518 days ago Importance and function of filters know the functions andLearn the importance of exchanging them ... Read more tips at 526 days ago clutch servant what is it for?News at 748 days ago Water demineralized the importance of use ... Read more tips at 763 days ago clutch remanufactured PlatoSet Why should I buy remnants clutch Platoete? ... Read more news 930 days ago oils and greases and grease ... Read more tips at 1041 days ago Preventive Brake Maintenance Preventive Brake Maintenance ... Read more tips at 1048 days ago when changing the clutch signals that it's time to change the clutch ... Read more tips at 1380 days ago5 gold tips to preserve its clutch longer the clutch controls the transmission of engine movement to the gear, facilitating the hitch of gears.If ... Read more see more institutional company Mission, Vision and Values Quality Social Responsibility Blog Customers Contacts Contacts with Location We call you work with us R. Hello Bilac 828 - Canaan Sete Lagoas / MG - Zip Code: 35700-214 Phone: (31) 3773-9078 Whatsapp: (31) 99688-5266 Email: bernardo@platosete.com.br © 2020-Platoete developed with ♥ by