RC CPAs & Business Advisors About Our Culture Our Firm Expertise Areas of Expertise International Taxation Tax & Compliance Comprehensive Tax Planning & Wealth Preservation Accounting & Business Advisory Fractional CFO Newsroom News Press Resources ADP Dropbox Contact Providing value beyond numbers. We take the stress of tax burdens, accounting, and compliance off your shoulders so you can focus on what you do best. We focus on your specific goals and help you achieve them through personalized services offerings. Whether you have simple tax and compliance concerns or require assistance with more in-depth services such as wealth preservation and international taxation, our team is here to help. INTERNATIONAL TAXATION Global Tax Compliance Employee Taxation Global Mobility Foreign Business Investments Learn More CFO & ADVISORY Cashflow Optimization KPI & Dashboard Creation Fundraising Optimization Maximizing Business Valuation at Exit Board Reporting & Representation Learn More COMPREHENSIVE TAX PLANNING & WEALTH PRESERVATION International Tax Consulting Post-mortem Tax Planning Assistance With Qualified Retirement Plans & Insurance Planning Learn More TAX & COMPLIANCE Preparation of Corporate & Fiduciary Returns Comprehensive Tax Planning Foreign Trusts and U.S. Based Trusts, Estates, & Foundations Learn More Success Our success is a direct result of yours. At RC CPAs, we selflessly serve our clients and strive to be the best role models in the industry - resulting in better bottom lines for your business’ growth. Expertise From taxation and wealth preservation to compliance and business advisory, our experience and expertise are tailored to your individual needs. Advantages Our knowledge spans beyond borders. Our partners and staff are fluent in English, Spanish, French, Hindi and Farsi with experience in both U.S. and International taxation. "We strongly believe in the value of relationships. We view every client relationship like a partnership and truly believe that our success is a direct result of your success." CESAR RAVAN, CPA Let's talk. At RC CPAs, we focus on your specific goals and help you achieve them through personalized services offerings. You can trust in our knowledge, expertise, and determination to improve your overall financial well-being. Our Offices HEADQUARTERS 9350 South Dixie Highway Suite 1250 Miami, FL 33156 BRICKELL 777 Brickell Ave Suite 500 Miami, FL 33131 305.615.2655 info@rc.cpa Sign Up For Our Newsletter Please leave this field emptyEnter your name * Enter your email address * Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Home Expertise Newsroom Contact © RC CPAs. All rights reserved. Designed and developed by Velocitas.