Department of Arts and Science Education Home About Programs Staff Contact Kwara State University Department of Arts and Science Education Get Started Kwara State University Department of Arts and Science Education Get Started Kwara State University Department of Arts and Science Education Get Started About Our Center MISSION STATEMENT MISSION: The relevance of any education program is seen when it meets the needs of society. This philosophy has therefore guided the design and development of the arts and science education undergraduate degree programmes at Kwara State University, Malete. The main focus of attention in these programs is on providing specific skills to Religious Studies, Language, and Science Education would-be teachers who will impact the same knowledge, skills, and values to their students in their respective schools. The Arts and Science Education degree programs are designed to prepare recipients to be professionally competent and possess the requisite knowledge, skills, and desirable work attitudes to teach effectively in secondary schools and colleges. Going by records from Kwara State Ministry of Education, Ilorin, Kwara State University, Malete is aware of the fact that there is a high shortage of workforce in the teaching of Language and Science subjects. Kwara State University, Malete is also aware of the fact that teaching and learning of Arts and Science subjects is essentially important for the communication, economic, and technological development of any nation. This, therefore, justifies the need to prepare teachers who will conveniently handle the teaching and learning in the subject areas covered by the degree programs in secondary schools and colleges, not only in Kwara State but also in Nigeria as a whole Specifically. The Department of Arts and Science Education was recently created in the Faculty of Education. The establishment of the department became a necessity because of the strong focus of the university on community development targeted at finding solutions to community problems coupled with the report of the 2019 Kwara State government visitation panel to the university which proposed establishing a department for languages and science education. Following the approval of the proposal by the university senate, the National University Commission (NUC) sent in a resource visitation panel in 2022. The panel report recommended that programs in Language and Science should commence. Thus, our first set of students were admitted in the 2022/2023 academic session. OBJECTIVES The objectives of these programs at Kwara State University, Malete, include; A To train highly motivated and efficient graduate teachers in language and science subjects who will contribute positively to the current 9-3-4 system of education in Nigeria. B To produce graduate teachers in language and science subjects who would lay The basic foundation in secondary schools for Nigeria’s technological emancipation and development. C To develop teaching and scientific process, skills, analytical judgment, and communication abilities leading to effective teaching. D To produce graduate of Arts and Science teachers who should effectively apply relevant teaching strategies and skills in their academic specializations. E To produce graduate teachers who will use their knowledge of educational theories in dealing with classroom problems as they arise. F To develop scientific and ethical attitudes of accountability, honesty and integrity, accuracy, open-mindedness, avoidance of dogmatism, and positive approach to failure or disappointment in their day-to-day activities and interactions with people. G To develop moral and spiritual values in the interpersonal and human relations of graduates of Science and Arts education. H To produce competent Arts and Science teachers who would confidently pursue Postgraduate programs in their various teaching subjects. Our Work OUR WORK The programs involve theoretical learning in the classrooms and exposure to practical activities. Students are also prepared for the professional examination for their registration or entry into the profession of teaching by the National Teachers Registration Council, NTRC. Research Individual staff of the Department of Arts and Science Education are collaborating with colleagues in other departments of the Faculty of Education in conducting individual and Tetfund Institutional-sponsored research studies. Achievements/Milestones/Plans The department is equipped with capable and well-qualified teachers and support staff. The aim is to reduce to the barest minimum the shortages of qualified graduate teachers to teach in the secondary schools and colleges in Kwara State and Nigeria in general. HEAD OF DEPARTMENT'S WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to the Department of Arts and Science Education. In line with the core values of Kwara State University Malete, a green University for community development and entrepreneurship, the Department of Arts and Science Education runs twelve programs in four languages and six science education as well as programs in Christian and Islamic religious studies education. These programs are aimed at producing Arts (Language and Religious Studies Education) and science teachers capable of teaching in the current 9-3-4 program. The main focus of these programs is to train qualitative arts and science teachers who should conveniently teach the JSS and SSS syllabi with ease and appropriate knowledge. These teachers will help solve the problem of acute workforce shortage in Arts and Science Education, not only in Kwara State but in Nigeria as a whole. Olaniyi Bojuwoye Ph.D PROGRAMS The department currently runs twelve degree programmes. These programs also constitute the units of the department. The undergraduate degree programs run by the department include: LANGUAGE EDUCATION DEGREE PROGRAMMES B.A. Ed, Arabic Education. B.A.Ed. English Education. B.A. Ed. French Education. B. A. Ed Yoruba Education. Religious Studies Education Degree Programmes B.A. Ed. Christian Religious Studies Education. B, A. Ed. Islamic Religious Studies Education . Science Education Degree Programmes B.Sc. Ed. Agriculture Education. B. Sc. Ed. Biology Education. B. Sc. Ed. Chemistry Education. B. Sc. Ed. Computer Science Education. B. Sc. Ed. Mathematics Education. B. Sc. Ed. Physics Education. Foundations of Education, Curriculum Development, and Pedagogy Courses OUR STAFF Olaniyi Bojuwoye Ph.D (PITT) Head of Department (H.O.D) Department of Arts and Science Education. Email: olaniyi.bojuwoye@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-816-738-3311 Usman Tunde SAADU (Ph.D) Senior Lecturer Email:usman.saadu@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-803-849-3554 Safi Lawal (Ph.D) Email:safi.lawal@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+234-803-482-5219 Mr. Babatunde Alabi Alege Email:babatunde.alege@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. Abdullahi Ibrahim Salahu-Deen Email:ibrahim.abdullahi@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-813-727-6620 Gbigbadua Dare Abdulraheem(Ph.D) Email:abdulraheem.gbigbadua@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-803-810-9639 Timothy Kayode Towoju Email:timothy.towoju@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-803-512-7628 Ibrahim Ali (Ph.D) Email:ibrahim.alli@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-814-639-7206 Aliyu Kehinde Hassan Email:kehindealiyu@gmail.com Tel:+234-703-791-6781 Mrs. Sidikat Bola Mohammed Email:bolasidikat10@gmail.com Tel:+234-805-667-5209 Mrs. Bilikis Kemi Sholagberu Email:bilikis.sholagberu@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-703-848-5871 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Arts and Science Education, Kwara State University, Malete. Tel: +234-816-738-3311 Email: olaniyi.bojuwoye@kwasu.edu.ng . Head of Department Olaniyi Bojuwoye Ph.D(PITT) Tel: +234-816-738-3311 Email: olaniyi.bojuwoye@kwasu.edu.ng Senior Lecturer Usman Tunde SAADU (Ph.D) Tel:+234-803-849-3554 Email: usman.saadu@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. RomawibetRomawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Romawibet Rajavigor Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Bolaslot88 Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/