Enhance CX & Streamline Ops with Cloud Platforms Skip to content Salesforce Menu Toggle Mega Template AI Cloud Sales GPT Service GPT Marketing GPT Commerce GPT Slack GPT Tableau GPT Business Transformation Accelerate Revenue Unify Customer Service Drive Marketing ROI Make Data Actionable Engage Employees Operate Efficiently Post-Merger Integration Services Consulting Implementation Managed Services & Support Integration & Automation Industries Healthcare Manufacturing Communications & Media Technology SAP Supply Chain Menu Toggle Mega Template PROCESSES Sales & Operations Demand Planning Inventory Planning Supply Planning Production Planning Insights & Analytics PLATFORMS SAP IBP SAP APO SAP CPI Predictive SERVICES Assessment Define Enhance Sustain & Support NetSuite Menu Toggle Mega Template PROCESSES Financial Management Order Management Advanced Revenue Management Professional Services Automation Supply Chain Management Analytics and Reporting SERVICES Assessment & Advisory Implementation Technical Services Data Migration NetSuite Support INDUSTRIES Advertising, Media and Publishing Software and Services Wholesale Distribution Manufacturing Low-Code Development Menu Toggle Mega Template USE CASES Employee Portal Customer Portal HMI for IOT Route and Fleet Management Financial Services SAAS Platforms Time Management Azure and Subscription Management PLATFORMS Why Low Code Microsoft .NET Insure 24×7 Salesforce.com SAP Fiori SERVICES Why Cloudpaths Architecture Consulting UI/UX Design Implementation About Menu Toggle Mega Template LeadershipPartnershipsCase StudiesNews and UpdatesEventsCareersContact Salesforce Menu Toggle AI Cloud Business Transformation Services Industries SAP Supply Chain Menu Toggle Processes Platforms Services NetSuite Menu Toggle Processes Services Industries Low-Code Development Menu Toggle Use Cases Platforms Services About Menu Toggle About Us Leadership Partnerships Case Studies News and Updates Events Careers Contact Main Menu Salesforce Menu Toggle AI Cloud Business Transformation Services Industries SAP Supply Chain Menu Toggle Processes Platforms Services NetSuite Menu Toggle Processes Services Industries Low-Code Development Menu Toggle Use Cases Platforms Services About Menu Toggle About Us Leadership Partnerships Case Studies News and Updates Events Careers Contact DesignBuildGrow Simplifying cloud-based solutions FIND OUT MORE Digital Supply Chain Optimize supply chain performance, drive up ROI FIND OUT MORE Customer 360 Superior customer experiences delivered on the Salesforce platform. FIND OUT MORE Financial Management Improve financial controls, close faster and produce accurate reports FIND OUT MORE Low Code Development Accelerated development of customizedapplications with optimized costs creatingdifferentiated solutions FIND OUT MORE Our Services CloudPaths provides expertise and solutions to transform and optimize enterprises with SaaS applications SalesforceEnsuring customer delight across the customer lifecycle through proactive and interactive engagement. Learn More SAP Supply ChainOur Digital Supply Chain services range from assessment to integration, leveraging input from across the supply chain, and all levels of organization. Learn More NetSuiteLeverage our expertise to implement all-in-one business management solution to transform and automate core processes and provide real-time visibility into operational and financial performance. Learn More Low-Code DevelopmentDesign and build customized solutions, that differentiate your business with accelerated development to help achieve organizational goals. Learn More SalesforceEnsuring customer delight across the customer lifecycle through proactive and interactive engagement. Learn More SAP Supply ChainOur Digital Supply Chain services range from assessment to integration, leveraging input from across the supply chain, and all levels of organization. Learn More NetSuiteLeverage our expertise to implement all-in-one business management solution to transform and automate core processes and provide real-time visibility into operational and financial performance. Learn More Low-Code DevelopmentDesign and build customized solutions, that differentiate your business with accelerated development to help achieve organizational goals. Learn More GET IN TOUCH Partnerships We are creating an ecosystem of partners to help our clients drive better customer experience and higher operational excellence. Our partners create a compelling value proposition delivered through scalable cloud platforms. TESTIMONIALS Don’t just take it from us – hear what our clients have to say CloudPaths was engaged to enable a major go to market transformation for Azuga, by launching a channel partner program to expand our market penetration and reach. CloudPaths team was very proactive from day 1 and made our decisions very easy by building a custom demo of the Partner Communities. They were involved with us in the whole journey by helping us craft the portal, buildout the training and partner onboarding processes as well as customizing the portal to our branding and marketing needs. The Azuga team loved CloudPaths collaborative style, expertise with Salesforce and commitment to Azuga’s success. Great going team CloudPaths, thank you for your diligence. Chris Johnson Director of Channel Sales at Azuga, a Bridgestone Company Yield Engineering Services is a rapidly growing global business. CloudPaths has been an integral part of designing, building and building our CRM systems. Our CRM platform provides us granular level of pipeline visibility and enables collaboration through our multitier distribution network. CloudPaths helped with migration of our customer service platform to Salesforce. Thanks to CloudPaths leadership, guidance and support we now have 100% adoption on the CRM applications. As we expand globally, YES will continue to work with CloudPaths and their leverage their services to architect and build systems for our business. Diane XingBusiness Operations at Yield Engineering Systems Entegris partnered with CloudPaths because of their expertise in IBP and ability to understand our business model and constraints. CloudPaths team helped Entegris with Demand Planning, Inventory Optimization and Supply Planning rollouts, adoption and has been supporting the application for more than a year. They delivered very effective solutions for improving Forecast Accuracy on three dimensions including Sales, Business Unit and Customer sales forecast. Because of their flexible engagement models, experienced domain experts and partnership with SAP, CloudPaths is my go to partner for any SAP IBP engagements in the future. Connie CargileVP Global Supply Chain Operations at Entegris We have a complicated business model. CloudPaths has been able to configure Salesforce to support our unique business model. They have also brought in significant improvements in usability and content to provide an unparalleled and personalized user experience to our demanding consumers. Over the last three years and multiple projects with CloudPaths their entire team has always been responsive, flexible and a delight to work with. Elena ChambersDirector of IT, Shaklee Corporation CloudPaths and Confluent recently closed our joint customer win at Strategic Education. CloudPaths identified the need for Real Time Streaming Data to help SEI transform their core Learning Management System integration strategies. The solution helps SEI gain better insights and will enable better customer value for managing student activity. CloudPaths led the project strategy and was able to design the new data architecture that would include Confluent and demonstrate data streaming based transformation of student experience. Matt HitzemanPartner Sales, Confluent BlueCloud implemented NetSuite Projects, to provide a scalable framework for its services business, while ensuring financial compliance and minimizing administrative headcount. The CloudPaths team has become valuable partners to us. In addition to its NetSuite partnership, CloudPaths brings thought leadership and an in depth understanding of NetSuite Project Management and Advanced Revenue Recognition. I am excited to have CloudPaths as a part of our transformation and we look forward to continuing this partnership. Lori ShepherdController, BlueCloud CloudPaths committed team and continued engagement has helped our team gain full visibility to the sales funnel. CloudPaths effective roll out strategy ensured adoption and acceptance from our sales team as well as channel partners globally. I would definitely recommend reaching out to CloudPaths to solve your pressing Salesforce challenges. Rezwan LateefPresident at Yield Engineering Systems Ice has engaged with CloudPaths for more than a year. The CloudPaths team has consistently demonstrated a strong ability to understand our specific requirements and bring strong talent to our engagements. Thank you CloudPaths team for your flexibility, patience, and strong partnership. We look forward to continuing our engagements in the coming years. Jeff HuntDirector of User Experience, Ice Mortgage Technology We engaged CloudPaths to review and improve our customer service operations. CloudPaths team improved our agent productivity and knowledge management system, as well as significantly improved customer experience by building live agent capabilities tailored to our unique needs. They also brought in exceptional Salesforce expertise and a very effective Project Governance model to ensure timely delivery of the project. We were impressed with the team's domain knowledge as well as the commitment to our success. Azuga will continue to engage with CloudPaths for similar transformational programs in the future. Badrinath AKManaging Director, Azuga, a Bridgestone Company Previous Next CASE STUDIES Helping our customers alter the future of business Digital Marketing Leading health supplements company built a digital marketing platform View case study Sales & Pipeline Management Building a scalable Pipeline and Revenue management engine for a multi tier channel enterprise View case study Case Management Rollout of an effective Customer Service platform for a global semicon equipment company View case study ALL CASE STUDIES ABOUT US How do we bring you value CloudPaths delivers solutions that aid our clients’ journeys to cloud-based architectures, amplifying and aligning the benefits of Cloud to achieve their business goals. Our agile processes and highly responsive teams allow us to focus on the unique challenges of our customers, building frictionless capabilities, using select industry leading digital technologies and cloud platforms, aimed at transforming their operations and delivering a superior customer experience. GET IN TOUCH News and updates How CloudPaths Makes Supply Chains Smarter February 6, 2024 Learn how CloudPaths bolsters its clients supply chain possibilities through advanced planning and automation. Know More >> Read More → Path to cloud excellence starts with CloudPaths January 22, 2024 An early education in supply chain and solutions – Desai’s supply chain experiences go back to his childhood when he closely observed the operations at ... Read More → SAP Partner CloudPaths Ranked No. 959 on 2023 Inc 5000 October 26, 2023 CloudPaths, an SAP partner, has announced that it ranked number 959 on the 2023 Inc. 5000, an annual list of the fastest-growing private companies in ... Read More → CloudPaths Earns 2023 Great Place To Work Certification™ September 26, 2023 NEWARK, CA – SEPTEMBER 26, 2023 – CloudPaths is proud to be Certified™ by Great Place To Work® for its outstanding employee experience. The prestigious ... Read More → TWO NEWARK STARTUPS MAKE INC. 5000 LIST August 17, 2023 Two startups in Newark have been recognized for their impressive revenue growth on the 2023 Inc. 5000 list. These companies offer potential opportunities for individuals ... Read More → CloudPaths Ranks No. 959 on the 2023 Inc. 5000 August 15, 2023 With Three-Year Revenue Growth of 625%, CloudPaths Ranks No. 959 Among America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies NEW YORK, August 15, 2023 – Inc. revealed today that ... Read More → CAREERS Work on world class technologies, Collaborate, Grow, Find your path JOIN US Salesforce Sales GPT Service GPT Marketing GPT Commerce GPT Slack GPT Tableau GPT SAP Supply Chain PROCESSES PLATFORMS SERVICES NetSuite PROCESSES SERVICES INDUSTRIES LOW-CODE DEVELOPMENT USE CASES PLATFORMS SERVICES ABOUT US LEADERSHIP PARTNERSHIPS CASE STUDIES NEWS AND UPDATES CAREERS CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY COOKIES POLICY CAREERS CONTACT 39899 Balentine Drive Suite 265, Newark CA 94560 Get Directions info@cloudpaths.com © 2023 CloudPaths. All Rights Reserved LINKEDIN Vijay Tripathi VP & Financials Practice Lead Strong Financial ERP functional leadership knowledge across industry verticals, with twenty years of consulting experience. Led, architected, and implemented large financial transformation initiatives. Expertise with Enterprise Cloud SaaS ERP (NetSuite) and EPM solutions. Expert at NetSuite driven financial transformations and thought leader and speaker at SuiteWorld on Advanced Revenue Management, and Project Management. Irene Jones VP of Customer Success 20+ years leading global consulting and delivery teams with experience in SAP for industries of consumer products, pharmaceuticals, life-sciences, telecommunications, high-tech, and mill products & mining. Comprehensive guidance in providing solutions from strategy to winning technology implementations that transforms enterprises. Holds a degree in Business Management and is PMP Certified. Tushar Bhalla CTO Chief Technology Officer with 17+ years in SAP Digital Supply Chain, including SAP IBP, APO, and Ariba. Led cross-functional teams and delivered results across 17 industries and 33 customers. Collaborated with SAP on co-development of SAP IBP solution. Strong understanding of technology landscape and ability to drive technology strategy and innovation. Passionate about driving change and innovation. KV Subramaniam Founder & COO 30+ years of industry experience in HR & Operations. Worked for NIIT, Ramco, Accenture. Led varied business initiatives ground up including talent & Compensation management aligned with industry standards. Jeff Pigatto VP & Customer 360 Practice Lead Consulting leader with 25+ years of consulting 12 years in the Salesforce ecosystem delivering Sales, Service, Marketing, CPQ, and Industry Cloud solutions. Experience in Financial Services, Communications, Media, Information Services, High Tech, Transportation and Logistics, and Healthcare with leading Global System integrators (GSIs), such as Anderson Consulting (Accenture), AT&T, Fujitsu, and Tata Consultancy Services. Saranya Vasanthakumar Associate Director 10+ years of supply chain analyst and delivery lead experience with prior roles at Accenture, Argano, and Intrigo. Driven project manager that focuses on effective customer communication throughout the entire process. Pratap Shinde Director of Digital Supply Chain 15+ years in supply chain management with experience at Accenture, Intrigo and Infosys. Analytical leader of digital transformation roadmaps through implementation process for significant customer projects. IBP is his specialty. Sahil Bansal Director for Canada 13+ years of demand and supply chain planning experience with previous roles at Deloitte, Intrigo and Fujitsu. Collaborator across technical and business teams in conjunction with SAP. Customer focused to ensure optimal implementations. Sameer Ranabhor Founder & CEO 20 years of experience working for global systems integrators including DXC, Infosys, and Cap Gemini. A thought leader in delivering capabilities and competencies aligned to changing industry direction and evolving business models. Padman Ramankutty Chairman of Board of Directors Mr. Ramankutty is an experienced CEO with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and supply chain services industry. He has founded and sold multiple startups, in addition to senior and advisory roles with SAP, Nike, and Accenture. Padman has strong business development and organizational expertise in enterprise software, professional services, supply chain, IT strategy and leadership. Padman earned BE, MSIE and MBA degrees to bolster his leadership. Mr. Ramankutty also holds multiple BOD and BOA seats with emerging companies. Saranya Vasanathakumar Sr. Principal, Digital Supply Chain 15+ years of experience in complex SAP IBP implementations and integrations. Worked with leading systems integrators including Accenture, Infosys, Intrigo and SCMO2. Strong expertise in delivering SAP IBP projects from Design, Implementation, complex Integrations and Sustenance. Dr. Elango Kalyan VP of Operations Dr.K. Elangovan B.E., M.B.A., Ph.D, with 25 years of industry across Marketing, Sales, and Program Management. Elango obtained doctorate in “Project Management” research studies and published technical papers in international journals. Elango is responsible for strategic relationships and India operations. Kuldeep Desai Architect, Mulesoft 8 years of experience in implementing integration layers across various industries like Telecom, Digital Business Solutions, IOT, leveraging MuleSoft and Amazon Web Services . Thought leadership in designing of high-performance and scalable integration platforms using API Led connectivity integration. Hands on experience in Software Development based on Core Java, Mule, Node JS, AWS LAMBDA. 4 years of working experience as Mule Architect for Financial CRM, Digital Business solutions, Online Education, Telecom projects and 7+ years of experience in Mule ESB with expertise in Mule3, Mule4, SOAP and Restful web services. Proficiency in Kibana, Splunk, Web Services, AWS Services, HTML, XML Technologies. Karthik Murugesan Architect, Data Integration 20 years of Industry experience in the Systems Integration space. Experienced working in multiple verticals including Telecomm, Healthcare, Banking, Edtech and Government. Seasoned Kafka Operations SME with 6 successful Enterprise implementations. Experienced professional with expertise in managing and maintaining Confluent Platform and Apache Kafka, a distributed event streaming platform. Deep understanding of Kafka's architecture, configuration, and administration. Experience in deploying, scaling, and monitoring Kafka clusters in production environments. Skilled in troubleshooting and resolving issues related to Kafka, including performance tuning and data replication. Experience in working with other tools and technologies that integrate with Kafka such as Zookeeper, Kafka Connectors and Schema Registry. Actively involved in Mentoring the next generation of talent. Sahil Bansal Director Digital Supply Chain Sahil has 11+ years of experience in leading management and implementation of enterprise applications. He has been a delivery focused professional working in architecting and implementation of supply chain planning processes. Sahil has served clients from various industries while working at global companies HCL, Fujitsu, Intrigo, Deloitte, o9 and Cloudpaths. He is Adept in complete life cycle of Planning tools (Development, Implementation, Support and Consulting). Sahil hold an MBA degree from the US and Bachelor in CS from India. Aside from work he likes traveling, cooking and is a beginner in skiing. He is also an avid numismatist and has showcased his collection at several events. Ron Blackburn VP of Sales 30 years of SAP IBP and Digital Supply Chain experience in the industry with over 25 customers transform. Adept and transformative approach to craft the vision and roadmap for enterprise digital supply chain transformation. Pratap Shinde Director Digital Supply Chain 15+ years of experience in Digital Supply Chain area with SAP IBP, APO, JDA, I2, and IFS technologies. Worked for global systems integrators including Accenture, Infosys, and Intrigo. Expertise in supply chain planning tools and experience with 15 complex supply chain planning transformations. Randall Bierman PMO 30+ years specializing in Program Management and S&OP processes and SAP IBP based transformations. Worked for Accenture, DXC, Global IBP Advisors, Intrigo Systems, Philips, and Steelwedge. Experience in 15 industries with over 40 clients, managing global PMO and driving Operational Excellence. Jay Paramasivam Founder and CRO 30+ years of experience building and supporting large scale and strategic relationships in the BFSI, Tech and Services Industry. Jay is also a chronic entrepreneur with business interests and investments across the globe.