Visar Studio Skip to content Visar Studio Portfolio Contact us Visar Studio Main Menu Contact usMainOut TeamPortfolio visualise your dreamswith visar studio Work with our team to visualise your ideas and create interactive VR solutions. Portfolios What we do Realistic still images3D Renders using Unreal Engine power Architectural 4K animated videosHigh quality videos of your projects Interactive VR walk-throughAdd engagement to your projects with this solution 360-degrees VR and web toursFully immersive video tours for your projects Portfolio The Thing VR Learn More Tea Garden Museum Learn More Architectural Office Learn More Art Gallery Learn More Passive House 312, Serenity in Bulgaria Learn More Passive House, Innovative Simplicity Learn More Load More ARCHVIZ & VR SOLUTIONS Explore VR possibilities and unleash the power of UNREAL ENGINE. 01 Embark on captivating Virtual Reality tours that enhance your architectural and interior 3D still images. Experience your project exactly as you’ve envisioned it, immersing yourself in 360-degree panoramas. 02 Step into the world of 4K animated videos and architectural trailers, accompanied by presentation software designed specifically for the real estate market. Powered by Unreal Engine, the cutting-edge solutions bring your projects to life like never before. 03 Our interactive virtual reality option, powered by Unreal Engine, provides the perfect solution for achieving a highly immersive effect in your projects. Services Year Client VR Walkthrough Passive House 2023 D1 Construction The Thing Location 2022 Roman Rusavsky Tea Garden 2022 Roman Rusavsky reviews "I am incredibly pleased with the VR Walkthrough of my Passive House project. The immersive experience provided through this service, powered by Unreal Engine, has been a game-changer for my business. The level of detail and realism is astounding, allowing my potential clients to truly envision the project. Thanks to this highly immersive experience, I have seen a significant increase in customer interest and engagement. It's like they can step right into the project and experience it firsthand. This service has undoubtedly helped me connect with more customers and showcase my projects in an unforgettable way." Dmitriy Yudin D1 CEO and Founder Let's Work Together Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Your nameEmail *Comment or Message *Submit Copyright © 2024 Visar Studio Scroll to Top