LIVE A BEAUTIFUL LIFE - Stunning Home Interiors with in your budget Home About Services Projects Pricing Quality Assurance Contact +91 962 680 5997 LIVE A BEAUTIFUL LIFE Interior design Partner for Home or office Get a Free Quote Click here for FREE ESTIMATE Leave us your name and mobile number, we will call you back to get your interior requirement details and give you an estimate. send message 15 Years Experience About Us Reasons to choose An Interior design firm that believes to transform your dream and imagination to create a beautiful home that expresses their space aesthetics. We believe that Design process should be thoughtful to capture the essence of your expectation and it should be suggestive to choose and decide. VION team has 15 years experience in Real Estate industry and has planned and delivered around 6000 apartments and has in depth knowledge of all nuances in a home. We have completed more than 200 interior projects in both residential and commercial. VION is here, make the best out of it. Our Services What We Do? Holistic Interior design and execution Custom create the look and experience of your interiors. Bespoke designs & prompt execution of the plan. Integration of AC, AV, Electrical and Ancillary works Fit your ACs, AVs, and Electricals seamlessly into the background. Give a futuristic twist to the appliances. False Ceiling Design and Execution Elevate the looks of your interior with false ceiling. Custom-made look for your offices & home. Room Partitions / Dividers Carve out a new room or space for your works. Great partitions and dividers make greater rooms. Modular Kitchen Bring the kitchen of the future to your home today. Redefine cooking space with our modular kitchens. Wardrobes Upgrade your shelves into exciting, useful, spacious yet compact wardrobes. TV Cabinets Your TV deserves its own place. Gift the best space for your precious windows to the outside world – TVs. Crockery Units Don’t let the butter knives and forks poke you. Lock them in our custom-made crockery units. Dining Counters Eating is an experience. Transcend your dining experience with stylish and functional counters. Book Shelves Lock, stock and safeguard the books that unlock many doors for you. Carve out trendy book shelves. Bar Counters Make drinking into the socialising and fulfilling experience with cosy and comforting bar counters. Pooja Units No traditional homes are complete without a pious and a pristine abode for the Gods. Contemporary Pooja units for the trendy you. 15 Years Experience CUSTOMISED INTERIORS We offer customized Interior Design Services based on the specific design brief and requirements received from you. Design shall be presented as 3D rendered images and shall be refined and perfected based over several layers of discussions. Once design and budgets are finalized, we proceed to execution. VION is here, make the best out of it. Assured Quality. 10 Year Warranty for Wood Works. 2 Year Free Service Warranty. Featured Works Projects You May Love Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Home Interior Design Pricing Plans VALUE ADDED INTERIOR PACKAGES WITH PREMIUM FINISHES *Rate Inclusive of GST. Additional Items / Quantity Shall be Charged Extra Customized Interiors Interior Packages VALUE ADDED INTERIOR PACKAGES WITH PREMIUM FINISHES *Rate Inclusive of GST. Additional Items / Quantity Shall be Charged Extra GOLD PACK RS. 899 / SFT. ON CARPET AREA Modular Kitchen with Chimney Wardrobes with Loft in all Bedrooms Book Rack TV Cabinet in Living Room Pooja Unit Shoe Rack Lights Fans / Exhaust Fans Geysers GET STARTED DIAMOND PACK RS. 1299 / SFT. ON CARPET AREA Gypsum False Ceiling in Living & Bedrooms with Lighting Modular Kitchen with Chimney Wardrobes with Loft and Dressing Unit Book Rack Crockery Unit TV Cabinet in Living & Master Bedroom Wallpapers in 4 Walls Wash Counter in Living Room Fans / Exhaust Fans Pooja Unit Shoe Rack Lights Geysers GET STARTED PLATINUM PACK RS. 1599 / SFT. ON CARPET AREA Gypsum & Wooden False Ceiling in Living & Bedrooms with Lighting Modular Kitchen with Chimney and Hob Wooden / Glass Partition in Living Room Chandelier in Living Room Wardrobes with Loft and Dressing Unit Study Table in Master Bedroom Book Rack Crockery Unit TV Cabinet in Living & Master Bedroom Wall papers in 5 Walls Wash Counter in Living Room and Toilets Pooja Unit Shoe Rack Lights Fans / Exhaust Fans Geysers GET STARTED Customised Modular Works with Different Finishes Modular Wood Works With Matt Laminate Finish RS. 1299 / SFT. as per every item measurement GET STARTED Modular Wood Works With Acrylic Finish RS. 1799 / SFT. as per every item measurement GET STARTED Modular Wood Works With Laquer Finish RS. 1999 / SFT. as per every item measurement GET STARTED Modular Wood Works With PU Finish RS. 2199 / SFT. as per every item measurement GET STARTED Free Design Consulting. Free Rendered Images for Confirmed Orders QUALITY ASSURANCE 10 Years Warranty For Modular Works We use only Plywood. Accessories and Appliances from Reputed Brands. 24 Months Free Service. Works shall commence at site in seven working days. Incase of Modular works, installation shall start after 2 Weeks. Customer shall supervise the work progress periodically for any improvisation Additional Quantity, length / Items shall be charged extra Electrical and Plumbing works outside the scope shall be charged extra Accidental Damage and Breakage not covered under warranty Appliances and Accessories warranty from Manufacturers shall apply 2 Year warranty for False ceiling and other non modular woodworks Kitchen Granite is not part of the package but provided by the builder shall be used for Hob Fixing Granite cut for Hob Fixing is part of the Customized package. Granite nosing is not part of the package and shall be charged extra In case any other Brands are preferred for any items, any additional amount incurred shall be charged extra 3D Images shall be presented as required. Rs. 3,000 shall be charged for every revision per image Contact us Get In touch send message +91 962 680 5997 info@vionessentia.com Services Holistic Interior design and execution Integration of AC, AV, Electrical and Ancillary works False Ceiling Design and Execution Room Partitions / Dividers Modular Kitchen Wardrobes TV Cabinets Crockery Units Dining Counters Book Shelves Bar Counters Pooja Units Copyright @2023 Vion Designed and Developed by Koncepts D and D