SRI BANNARIAMMAN ENGINEERING Clean India and Clean Village For Panchayat , Municipality To Re-Cycling Corporation road Waste, Agro Waste & Dust Paper About Us Well-known manufacture and supplies of all types of Valves, Pumps and Paper Mill Equipments We specialist in stainless Steel Pulp Valve, Pulp Pumps, since we had developed stainless steel mould Vat, Mould, Hydro Pulper, Vat Thicker, vibrating Screen, Refiner, Head Box, Rubber Rolls, Agitator, Turbo 600, Impeller Screen Plate and all Paper Mill Equipments. Board of Directors The company is founded by Mr. G.N. Ramasamy able supported by directors and specialist in the respective areas of paper making and general machineries since 40 years in service. Standing of our as consultants Our team ha expected various project like modernization, renovation, erection and commissioning of paper machines and pulping plant and also in the field of technical audit, energy audit, production planni ng effluent treatment etc. Our at precision in Tamil Nadu Prison Department Service & Tamil Nadu Agri University Play Video Agri Handmade Paper Industry HAND MADE PAER INDUSTRY General Data A.INTRODUCTION This Handmade paper Industry is designed for manufacture of boards out of Waste paper. This product is mainly used for manufacturing of office Files, Desk pads, Packing boxes, Covers etc. Paper Boards of 200 GSM to 400 GSM are to be produced in this unit. The production Capacity is around 1.5 toness per day. The major Raw Material are any kind of waste paper which are available from Collector's office, Treasury, Panchayat Union etc. Clean India and Clean Village For Panchayat , Municipality We provided wide range of Valves Each valve is tested according to international standards and customers’ demands to ensure tightness for the desired application. For example on all our butterfly valves,ball valves,non return valve and gate valve we confirming materials and pressure testing as standard without extra costs. Partners All of our products are made-to-order and can be customized desired specifications. Mold & Mould Vat Assembly Valve Impleller Hydro & Sitro Pulper Pluper Screen Plate Hand Made Paper Machine AGRI PAPER MACHINE & PULP MILLS EQUIPMENTS HYDRO PULPER (Vertical / horizontal and ultra high consistency types) A combination of the own design rotors and guide vanes in the vat causes internat circulation which is highly effective in treating both paper and pulp. Because of this efficient action, power consumption is reduced from 20% to 40%. This is includes processes ranging from stock preparation to paper machine broke pulping. Capacity: 3 to 14 m 40Years in Field To Re-Cycling Corporation road Waste, Agro Waste & Dust Paper ( Writing & Printing Paper, Krafts, Duplex Board. 2 to 10 tonns Paper Machine) BANNARIAMMAN WOMENS TRAINING INSTITUTION Paper Products industry is one of the leading developing industry with government subsidiary. There is a lot of scope in this industry. However the gap is due to the lack of clear guidance and support.This introductory course is Help students belonging to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes community has to increase there knowledge & designed to help you build confidence and knowledge of overall paper machine operations. Gain an understanding of the mechanical components and operations of the paper machine that affect the structure and quality of paper