PRESCHOOL, LKG UKG Curriculum, Nursery and KG Books Online, Home School, Online Preschool, Teacher Trainings | Edsmart EDU Preschool Curriculums Start your Preschool Upgrade your Preschool Blogs Free Activity Sheets EDSMART EDU SERVICES A Curriculum Development Company Login Sign up 0 Toggle navigation Curriculum Preschool Curriculum Holistic Development Planners (HDP) Holistic Development Curriculum (HDC) Online Preschool Curriculum (EHC) Grade 1 -5 Curriculum (Intel360) Nursery Teachers Training Kids Books All English Reading Phonics Books Flashcards Writing Books for Beginners Kids Activity Books Children Story Books Edsmart Picture Books for Kids Nursery Rhyme books for Kids Reusable Prewriting Books Preschool Books for 1-2 years Preschool Books for 2-3 years Preschool Books for 3-4 years Preschool Books for 4-5 years Preschool Books for 5-6 years Learning Plans All Subscriptions Learning Plans for Toddlers Learning Plans for 2-3 years Learning Plans for 3-4 years Learning Plans for 4-5 years Learning Plans for 5-6 years Learning Plans for Primary School Kids Our Platform Edsmart School Manager Edsmart Edu Connect App Edsmart Kids App Preschool Solution Start your preschool Rebrand your existing School Get Quote Contact Us Foster the confident next-gen child with our lesson plans, tools and resources .. Uniquely crafted lesson plans and activities to align with the school academic year, enriched content and school parent app and teachers focus to meet every child's learning needs and thereby build a solid and broad foundation for lifelong learning and wellbeing.Know More about Curriculum Edsmart Preschool Solutions Edsmart Preschool solutions are carefully crafted by educators, researchers, and industry experts. They consist of a range of solutions to suit upcoming educators, schools looking to become global schools, and schools that want to re-brand from a franchise to their own brands. Start your PreSchool Edsmart offers end-to-end solutions for emerging educators to start a world-class international preschool, suiting your plan and educational dream. Upgrade your Existing School Edsmart solutions will upgrade your existing preschool to world-class status, with an international curriculum and premium preschool books and products. Build your School Brand Edsmart partnership solutions allow you to build your brand name in the education industry. Our solutions ensure that school brands focus on growth. Edsmart Offerings International Curriculum The Edsmart Pre Nursery, Nursery, LKG, and UKG Curriculum is well-crafted, aligning with global best practices Learning Plans / Syllabus Mobile App and Web Based Learning Plan with a clearly mapped developmental outcome for Holistic development School Kids Books Premium school books and school supplies fully aligned with Edsmart School Curriculum for Pre Nursery, Nursery, LKG, and UKG age groups Edsmart School Parent and Kids Learning App Edsmart offers state-of-the-art online tools to easily access learning plans, activities, games, progress reports, and much more Online Growth Reports Observe, assess, and track the child’s progress through Edsmart online tools and app on our platforms. Parents can access the Holistic development reports in a few clicks Mobile Apps Edsmart offers range of mobile apps for parents and kids. Parent apps enable 360 degree learning on Phonics, Homework, Activities, etc.. For Schools & Institutes Our easy-to-use, comprehensive, and secure learning program empowers administrators and teachers to help students build essential skills and excel. Upgrade your school curriculum with Edsmart International curriculum plans, premium books, platform solutions, and parental engagement platforms. Our state-of-the-art tool provides comprehensive reports that offer a 360-degree view of student development and progress. Integrated assessment modules provide real-time growth reports to facilitate timely corrective actions based on the assessments. Contact Us Edsmart Kids Books Edsmart Preschool Books Playgroup Preschool Books Nursery Preschool Books Junior KG / LKG Books Senior KG / UKG Books Buy Children Books Online Edsmart Trainings More Courses Teaching English Phonics Classroom Planning & Lesson Plans Online Training Courses Certification Courses Nursery Teachers Training Preschool Curriculum What is Preschool Curriculum? Senior KG / UKG syllabus Junior KG / LKG syllabus Pre KG / Nursery syllabus Edsmart Learning Plan for Parents Edsmart Holistic Development Curriculum Support Blogs Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Start a preschool Rebrand Preschool × Create your free account Do you already have an account? Sign in User Name Email Password Phone number I accept the terms and privacy policy × Welcome back !! Email Password Forgot Password? Dont have account yet ? × Email