Platinum Deivery Services – Platinum Deivery Services Skip to content info@pdeliveryservices.com info@pdeliveryservices.com HOME ABOUT FREIGHT Perishables Shipping Multi Modal Project Shipping Ship by Ground Ship by Air Ship by Ocean Vehicle Shipping FREIGHT MANAGEMENT CAREERS CONTACT TRACK SHIPMENT Welcome Platinum Delivery Services Global logistics and transportation services via sea, land and air. We will protect you from risk and liability. ABOUT US Platinum is a Shipping and Logistics organization with a wide range of expertise in Shipping services, Cargo handling, Transportation, Customs Brokerage, Import and Export, Transit, Warehousing and Ex – Warehousing and Consultancy services. We strive to develop a long-term business relationship with our customers by offering high quality and value added services, while maintaining the highest ethical standards. At Platinum Delivery, we realize that clients have specific requirements with regards to their shipments. Platinum Delivery therefore spends Read More Ship by Ground Platinum Delivery Services Management’s vast logistics network consists of national, regional, and local trucking companies along Read MORE Ship by Air When your cargo needs to be moved quickly, Platinum Delivery Services Management’s air freight services will ensure the shortest transit time. Our team of logistics specialists not only have the experience Read MORE Ocean Shipping Not having to maintain ships or equipment means we can negotiate the best rates, helping you save as much freight cost as possible. Our alliances Read MORE We Are Logistics Solution At Platinum Delivery Services Our Services include tightly managed control Door-to-Door Shipping Complete end to end shipping in the industry where process starts from door step of the enquirer and cargo is taken from location of the enquirer and Shipping Agency Represent Shipping line between buyer and seller to help move goods through routes. Customs Brokerage Platinum Delivery Services is licensed and have the expertise to quickly move your goods in compliance with customs and import regulations. All customs Dangerous Goods Handling Platinum Delivery Services have staffs who have been trained and certified by Local and International accredited I.A.T.A dangerous goods trainers to handle all goods. Project Cargo Expertise in transportation of large, heavy-duty, high value, or complex pieces of equipment being domestic or international. Cross Trade When cargo is moved between an origin and destination without it entering the country where the shipper is registered. Truly global network for goods which we About Platinum Delivery services Reliable Logistic & Transport Solutions! Platinum Delivery Services is a representative logistics operator providing full range of service in the sphere of customs clearance transportation worldwide for any cargo. We aim to grow and support the increasing market demand for international operations. Our goal is to be the “World’s Leading Logistics Provider”. A rich customer experience, innovative technology coupled with professional staff and expertise, who are dedicated, highly skilled and abreast with new developments. learn more Do you want to keep up to date? Subscribe to our newsletter OUR CORE VALUES OUR SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Through the company’s internal organization and use of appropriate technology, respecting the requirements of the client, ABOUT CONTACT Copyright 2024 © Platinum Delivery Services HOME ABOUT FREIGHT Perishables Shipping Multi Modal Project Shipping Ship by Ground Ship by Air Ship by Ocean Vehicle Shipping FREIGHT MANAGEMENT CAREERS CONTACT TRACK SHIPMENT