Dentafix India Book Appointment by Practo! Call Us : +91-9853089385 Mail : info@dentafixindia.com Home About Us Services Instant Tooth Whitening Oral Cancer Care Periodontics Pedodontics Wedding Smiles Dental Implants General Dentistry Orthodontics Prosthodontics Oral And Maxillofacial Surgery Endodontics Teeth in One Day Laser Dentistry Cosmetic Dentistry Routine Dental Treatment Bad Breath Treatment Consultation Dental FAQ Portfolio Contact Us ‹ › Welcome To Dentafix India We are fully equipped with the state of the art infrastructure. We provide specialized dental care and complete end to end one stop shop for all types of world class dental services. Dentafix dental clinic aims to provide a new experience for people undergoing dental treatment. Dentafix in one of the best dental clinic in Bhubaneswar, is situated at Cuttack Road, Bhubaneswar . Here we take care of all aspects of preventive, restorative and cosmetics dentistry in a warm and relaxing environment. We are able to provide a full range of treatment, from a simple check up to a complex specialist treatment . All delivered in comfortable and calming surroundings using the latest technology to ensure a relaxed and pleasant visit. Dr. Ekta Choudhary, Bhubaneswar, practices a full scope of general and cosmetic dentistry with expertise ranging from porcelain veneers to implants, crown and bridges. Dr. Choudhary can now correct a wide variety of so called permanent cosmetic dental problems, and can literally redesign your smile. How can I protect my oral health? Teeth Brushing at least twice a day Regular flossing Healthy food and timely regulated meal/snacks Replacing toothbrush after at least three to four months Smoking cessation. Smoke badly damage oral health. Have regular dental checkups if smoking regularly Pregnant women suggested to eat healthy and stay orally fit Maintaining oral care of your children with guided teeth cleaning techniques Regular oral checkups Immediate dental consultation on experiencing any of dental issues to avoid further worsening Call Today For A New Appointment! Send Message Our Dental Services We Provide Many Exiciting Services That Will Bring You A Bright , White Smile On Your Face. Oral Cancer Care view details Periodontics view details Pedodontics view details Cosmetic dentistry view details Wedding Smiles view details Implant Dentistry view details General Dentistry view details Orthodontics view details Prosthodontics view details Oral Surgery view details Endodontics view details Bad Breath Treatment view details Laser Dentistry view details Painless Root Canal Treatment view details Cerec One Visit Crown view details Teeth In One Day view details People Found With Gum Diseases 40% Far More Than Having Chronic Conditions Your overall health, strongly correlated with dental risks! Mouth with oral irregularities is a common way to spread many of physical issues. Our body and mouth can affect one another vice versa. A long, disease-free life is truly attributed to maintaining a better oral care. Our oral health may affect to or may get impacted by different diseases and abnormalities that include. Endocarditis Abnormal heart condition with infection spread over inner linings of your heart (endocardium). Such condition may usually be activated when there are some organisms like bacteria spread from one body part to another. Mouth is a prime source of bacteria allowing them to travel through bloodstream and worsen infected areas of heart. Cardiovascular disease Like heart disease, clogged arteries and stroke associated with inflammation and infections triggered by oral bacteria. Pregnancy and birth Periodontitis associated with premature birth and low birth weight. Diabetes reducing body immunity power, strengths to fight infection with much likelihood of gum risks. Gum diseases are often much evident in people with diabetes. Research shows the people with gum diseases having much trouble in controlling blood sugar levels. Oral problems such as painful mucosal lesions are typically much present in people with HIV/AIDS. Osteoporosis Bone weakness and brittleness said to be associated with periodontal bone loss and tooth loss. Alzheimer’s disease Loss of teeth usually prior to 35 of age, a key factor for Alzheimer’s disease. There are several other conditions that seem to be strongly linked to oral health such as Sjogren’s syndrome, an immune system disorder leading to dry mouth eating disorders. Get Call for your Dental Consultation Send Message About Dr. Ekta Choudhary Briefly About The Doctor... Dr. Ekta Choudhary is practicing as a Dental Surgeon since 2003. She has a super-specialty dental clinic with the latest instruments, which is one of the best in Odisha. She is also a Panel Dental Surgeon at AMRI Hospital, Bhubaneswar. In the clinic ultimate care is taken to assure proper sterilization. The equipments are ultra modern and of international standards. For the fine and abiding enterprise that she has shown in being able to set up an ultra-modern dental clinic where all the facilities are available for catering to each smile or a better denture, besides providing all the crucial and other services… Dental FAQ and Patient Education Guide What is Gum (Periodontal) Disease? Why should I Replace a Missing Tooth? How many sittings are required? What is Root Canal Therapy? Is the treatment painful? Are implanted teeth difficult to clean? Dental Tips and Advice ? What is Facial Rejuvenation ? Refer a Friend ! Like Us On Facebook Website Visitors Find Us On Map Visit us DentaFix India 370, Okil Baag Market Complex, Cuttack Road, Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India, Pin - 751006 Phone: +91 - 9853089385 Email: drekta@dentafixindia.com Link: www.dentafixindia.com Visiting Hours Monday-Saturday 10 AM - 2 PM & 4PM - 9 PM Sunday : Closed Find us on × Facebook Header "Our aim is simple - to provide affordable web design and development services for Mobile and Computer by creating websites that fully meet your requirements a professional look that inspire confidence in your customer." Close Save changes × Twitter Header "Our aim is simple - to provide affordable web design and development services for Mobile and Computer by creating websites that fully meet your requirements a professional look that inspire confidence in your customer." Close Save changes × RSS fed header "Our aim is simple - to provide affordable web design and development services for Mobile and Computer by creating websites that fully meet your requirements a professional look that inspire confidence in your customer." CloseFind us on × Facebook Header "Our aim is simple - to provide affordable web design and development services for Mobile and Computer by creating websites that fully meet your requirements a professional look that inspire confidence in your customer." Close Save changes × Twitter Header "Our aim is simple - to provide affordable web design and development services for Mobile and Computer by creating websites that fully meet your requirements a professional look that inspire confidence in your customer." Close Save changes × RSS fed header "Our aim is simple - to provide affordable web design and development services for Mobile and Computer by creating websites that fully meet your requirements a professional look that inspire confidence in your customer." Save changes × Youtube Vedio Vedios here Close Save changes © DentafixIndia 2016, Allright reserved. Designed By Inflatus Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Go to top Book Appointment Request An Appointment! Send Message