EMC - Emerging Markets Consulting Home About EMC Services Careers Contact Us Business, Technology and System Integration Consulting Services Testing Services Company Overview Mission and Strategy Why EMC Company Overview Emerging Markets Consulting (EMC) is a leading Bulgarian IT & consulting company in the areas of Cross-Asset Trading, Portfolio & Risk Management, QA Testing in the Energy & Commodities, Banking & Finance, Manufacturing and other industry sectors. We specialize in end-to-end solutions in Energy/Commodity/Finance Trading and Risk Management, Physical Asset Management, Accounting and Logistics, QA Testing, Business Intelligence as well as Middleware to offer best value professional services to our clients and partners. The company is an official premium partner for Bulgaria and EMEA with the worldwide market leader in Energy/Commodity Trading and Risk Management software solutions. Read more ... Services Business, Technology and System Integration Consulting Services For several years now, we at EMC have been dedicated to advising and working together with our clients in carrying out their IT and Business transformation programs delivering a unique combination of top Management, Value added and high Performance across various operations and industry sectors. TRM Solutions expertise webMethods expertise TIBCO expertise Software Development expertise Testing Services For our customers’ unique business requirements EMC provides the whole range of test methodologies. Whether it is onsite testing consultancy or outsourced / near-shore testing service our quality assurance experts deliver high quality solutions, performed with the most adequate and up-to-date testing tools. Performance testing Embedded testing Application testing Testing automation Testing in the cloud Why EMC Since its establishment, EMC has developed a highly-demanding top-tier client base (leaders in the Energy & Finance industries worldwide). Our core services are in the Business & IT Consulting and Testing segments where EMC has played a significant role in some of the biggest Energy & Financial TRM projects for global leading companies in Europe. EMC’s management philosophy, our proven top Management, Value creation and high Performance (Your MVP) track record and experienced professional services team has placed us into the heart of the leading consulting & testing markets: Read more ... Contact Us Address: 81A “Bulgaria” blvd.Sofia 1404, Bulgaria Phone: +359 2 843 11 80 Fax: +359 2 944 24 95 E-mail: info@emcbg.com © 2024 Emerging Markets Consulting Ltd. web by SP Vision Ltd.