- Skip to content HomeCheckout Purchase Confirmation Purchase History Transaction Failed Digital Files for Sale My Portfolio ← Older posts Fluke by Adriana Locke is Live! Here is my Review! Posted on April 10, 2023 by faith Fluke by Adriana Locke, promo image “I’ve fallen for her. I fell for her before I could drive a car. I just need to convince her that she should give me a chance – that maybe she could fall for me too.” What can I say other than Jess was all the things. I really didn’t know what to expect from him going in to this book, and have to say I was pleasantly surprised. His character was so sweet and in love with the same girl for 15 years. He was never afraid to share his feelings whenever he saw her, and was always trying to get her to give him a chance. When she did, watch out. I just LOVED Pippa and Jess together. Jess is a great book boyfriend!! FLUKE, a small-town romance, from USA Today bestselling author @authoradrianalocke is NOW LIVE! Grab this fake ex-husband, small-town romance TODAY! https://amzn.to/3FCU3Uj Add to Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61946841-fluke Blurb: SEEKING AN EX-HUSBAND I need a fake ex-husband. Let me explain … I may have let it slip to my new co-workers that I have an ex-husband. Now they’re fascinated with the details, specifically with him. Why wouldn’t they be? He’s gorgeous, has exceptional skills in the bedroom, and is determined to win me back. But there’s a problem. He doesn’t exist. The bigger problem? I have to produce him to save my job. This is where you come in. I’m seeking someone to play a smitten ex-husband for two weeks. You’ll need to remember our love story—details matter when it comes to romance! Please be prepared to travel in-state at a moment’s notice. We may be in close proximity and sharing a bed may be required. One more thing—kisses are required for optics as necessary. If this sounds interesting or, at the very least, entertaining, let me know. Signed, Your Future Ex-Wife Buckle up for a steamy adventure between friends-turned-lovers in this new “fresh twist on a favorite trope!” take on fake dating, close proximity, and romance in the workplace from USA Today Bestselling author Adriana Locke. Posted in Book Cover Release, Book Reviews | Leave a comment More Than I Could by Adraina Locke Posted on March 15, 2023 by faith I can honestly say, this book was worth the wait. Chase Marshall was worth the wait. He is such a grumpy cat and Megan is sunshine. I enjoyed these two from the beginning. I love grumpy heroes, and Chase did not disappoint me. He is a single dad (another thing I love to read about), with a teenage daughter, looking for help for a month while his mom is away visiting his sister. In steps Megan. Instantly, they are attracted. But he’s too grumpy to give in, and she is super optimistic. She’s also not afraid to speak her mind and give back to Chase what he throws out. Their dynamic was great and the chemistry was definitely there! Love these two together. I am hoping Adriana writes about the Marshall family siblings at some point. I always love her sibling interactions, and her sibling sets, so hoping the Marshall family is soon. I would love to know more about the three brothers, I think there’s definitely a lot of potential there! More Than I Could: Grumpy Single Dad RomancebyAdriana Locke4.6 out of 5 stars Posted in Book Reviews | Leave a comment The Sweet Spot by Adriana Locke Posted on November 29, 2022 by faith THE SWEET SPOT by USA Today bestselling author @authoradrianalocke is NOW LIVE! Grab this all-new small town romance TODAY! NOW AVAILABLE! FREE IN KU! https://geni.us/TSSpot Blurb: She wants forever. He plays it day by day. They’re both wishing for the best in USA Today bestselling author Adriana Locke’s charming and sexy hopefully-ever-after romance. Single mom Palmer Clark will not be sidelined by the new man in town. Sure, the honey-tongued baseball legend is gorgeous, loves puppies, and has charmed his way into the community’s heart, but Palmer craves stability. Nothing about Cole says forever. So why is he so hard to resist? Cole is swinging through town to visit his parents when he meets the kind of down-to-earth distraction he’s been looking for since retiring from the majors. True, his long-term relationship score is zero. But even though raising his average with Palmer seems impossible, it’s worth a shot. As promising as the summer nights are, fate turns small-town dreams upside down, and some lessons are learned the hard way. But having faith in love and choosing hope over fear might get Palmer and Cole to the sweet spot they’re looking for. My Review: I really enjoyed Cole and Palmer’s story. Cole is so sweet and definitely a good book boyfriend. He was good for Palmer and I loved how great he was to her and her son. I am a sucker for single parent stories. This one definitely kept me enthralled and I stayed up way too late reading it. The banter and back and forth was funny and kept the story going. Definitely worth the read. Posted in Book Release Day, Book Reviews | Leave a comment Review: Broken Souls by Ariana Cane Posted on November 2, 2022 by faith This is my first book by Ariana Cane and I enjoyed it. I didn’t read books 1 and 2, but I can honestly say I didn’t feel lost when reading this one, so it can definitely be a stand alone book. Alicia moves in next door to Mark, and it seems like all he does is rescue her. From screams, to broken pipes, to anything else that can go wrong. Alicia wants to be on her own, with no help from anyone, so this is kind of wrecking her plans. She is finally out on her own, feeling like she can live alone, and wants to prove to her family that she can handle it. But she starts to wonder when Mark is constantly “saving” her. This book did make me laugh. From moving dead bodies out back, to camping in the cold, and a dog that doesn’t understand Alicia isn’t his person, I enjoyed this book. I will definitely look up more by this author. Posted in Book Reviews | Leave a comment Broken Souls by Ariana Cane Release Posted on November 2, 2022 by faith BROKEN SOULS, the third book in the Little Hope Series, by @ArianaCaneRomanceAuthor is NOW LIVE! GRAB this angsty, strangers-to-enemies-to-lovers, firefighter romance TODAY!! NOW AVAILABLE! Amazon: https://amzn.to/3zB3rF4 Amazon INTL: https://geni.us/BrokenSouls Add to Goodreads today!! Blurb: “You are bad for my sanity.” Alicia: The only thing I’ve ever wanted was to forget what happened that night so I could move on with my life. An impossible feat, considering the demons of the past refuse to let me go. Jumping head-first into the unknown seems like a good place to start. So I move out of my childhood home and away from the pain lurking around every corner. It would have been a great start if not for my new next-door neighbor, who slightly resembles a Yeti. His attitude does little to convince me he’s not. Mark: The only thing I’ve ever wanted was to help those unable to help themselves. Something I’ve had a lot of experience doing ever since childhood. A simple life without drama is all I yearn for. And I almost had it… That is, until my new neighbor moves in next door. The one that screams in the night, hides bodies in her backyard, and bewitches my beastly dog. Ignoring her is the best option. So how come I find myself saving her every single night? A firefighter who dedicates his life to saving lives with no one around to save his, and a writer desperate to create worlds where her demons can’t touch her. What’s common between them? The pain they hide. They say you shouldn’t let the past define you. But when the past becomes all you are, sometimes you just need a blank page. This slow-burn, strangers-to-enemies-to-lovers, contemporary romance is a standalone filled with angst, yearning, and finding peace. Each book contains a story about a different couple. No cheating. No cliffhangers. HEA. TW: SA in the past (not from MMC). Strong language. Posted in Book Release Day | Leave a comment Until You Can’t by Brittney Sahin Review Posted on October 22, 2022 by faith Until You Can’t: 5 Stars! I don’t think I can say enough good things about Ryan Rossi. I just LOVE him. He is a strong alpha character, but has a caring and sweet side that quickly made him one of my favorites. Natalia is a fun female character. She is a strong female (as pretty much all of Brittney’s female characters are) and she gives just as good as she gets. Her and Ryan start off “hating” each other while she dates his brother. That ends, and he still pushes her away because she is his brother’s ex. But then his brother gets in trouble, and all bets are off after that. I loved watching their relationship change and develop into one of friendship and love. Ryan is genuinely a nice and caring guy, but can play the role of a jerk if need be. He will do anything for his brother. Anything. Even take the blame for his mistakes, and work hard to make sure his brother is okay no matter what he gets himself into. I also enjoyed having Noah in this book. He is another swoon worthy character/book boyfriend by Brittney. And the Stealth Ops guys in some parts, yes please and thank you. Love them all! Posted in Book Reviews | Leave a comment Bake Off by Denise Grover Swank Review Posted on October 22, 2022 by faith Book Review. Bake off by Denise Grover Swank. This is my first book by Denise Grover Swank, and I enjoyed it. I probably would have benefitted reading the first book first, but I honestly wasn’t too lost reading the second. The author explains enough about the characters and their backgrounds throughout the book that I didn’t really feel too lost. I enjoyed Maddie’s character. She is strong and caring and always out to help others. She doesn’t let things go, and constantly pushes to figure things out. You can rely on her character. Noah was..well…he needed to stop having his head up his butt. I liked his character, but he really needs to work through his personal issues. This book did have an HFN so that was good. There was a twist I didn’t see coming, and I really did enjoy that I didn’t have the whole thing figured out by the end. Curious to see if there will be a book 3 and how it will develop. I really hope it has more of Maddie’s best friend and Noah’s partner. Would like to read more on those two. I did enjoy this book and definitely recommend it to others. Posted in Book Reviews | Leave a comment More Than I Could by Adriana Locke Posted on September 21, 2022 by faith MORE THAN I COULD by Adriana Locke Release Date: September 30th Genre/Tropes: Single Dad/Blue Collar/Nanny/Close Proximity/Grumpy-Sunshine/Small Town Romance Add to Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31686622-more-than-i-could Blurb: This grumpy hero makes things hard for the nanny. You know what? I’m over him. His moods. The verbal sparring. Those biceps that look like they were cut from marble. Okay, maybe I’m not over him being shirtless. Chase Marshall is a single dad with a daughter to love, so fighting with me shouldn’t be a priority. But he can’t seem to stay away. The lingering looks when he thinks I’m not watching. The seemingly innocent touches while making breakfast. The smirks gracing his lips after I’m irritated by his antics. He’s ridiculously sweet to his daughter. I even catch glimpses of how charming he could be to me—if he wanted to. But that’s the problem. He acts like he doesn’t want to. That he doesn’t want me. He does. It’s in the innuendos, the way he places his hand in the small of my back—the almost kisses while we’re putting away groceries. The way he comes running when I see a spider and checks on me before he goes to bed. Even if he does grumble about it. I might not be totally over my boss, but I’m going to make him think I am. Let’s see how frustrated Mr. Marshall gets now. From USA Today Bestselling author Adriana Locke comes a grumpy/sunshine, blue-collar single dad, nanny romance. This small-town romance is a standalone novel with tons heat and even more heart. More Than I Could is a standalone in the Coming Home series where one author a month will be delivering a brand-new story about coming home. About the Author: USA Today and Washington Post bestselling author Adriana Locke lives and breathes books. After years of slightly obsessive relationships with the flawed bad boys created by other authors, Adriana has created her own. She resides in the Midwest with her husband, sons, and two dogs. She spends a large amount of time playing with her kids, drinking coffee, and cooking. You can find her outside if the weather’s nice and there’s always a piece of candy in her pocket. Connect w/Adriana: Website: https://adrianalocke.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/authoradrianalocke Facebook Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/booksbyadrianalocke Twitter: https://twitter.com/authoralocke Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/authoradrianalocke Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/8379774.Adriana_Locke Amazon: https://amzn.to/3ivy7xd Bookbub: https://www.bookbub.com/authors/adriana-locke Newsletter Signup: http://bit.ly/NewsletterAddy Posted in Upcoming Book Release | Leave a comment Hating the Player Review Posted on September 21, 2022 by faith Ever since learning that Violet hated Gavin in the first book, I couldn’t wait for their story. I am so glad I didn’t have to wait long! Gavin is a player. He is in the middle of all the parties at “The White House” (his college house) and never is without a girl. Violet use to be his girl a year ago, til he cheated on her…with her roommate. Now she hates him. She did a good job avoiding him, until they ended up at a campsite, with one tent left. What could go wrong? I loved watching Gavin struggle to figure out how to let Violet know how he feels, and how to make up to her for his past misdeeds. Gavin is also struggling with dealing with his dad, and his misgivings towards him. It was nice seeing multiple sides to Gavin. He was so much more than a player, he just had to prove it to Violet. Violet is Gavin’s opposite. She’s artsy, more on the outside of things, and not as in the middle. Violet has every right to be hurt by Gavin. It was great though to see her move past that anger to acceptance, and then forgiveness. She isn’t afraid to tell Gavin how she is feeling. She was hurt but didn’t let it make her afraid to try again. I enjoyed the interactions between these two and enjoyed finally reading their story. The ending made me extremely happy though, as I am sure it will you too. Hating the Player by Rebecca Jenshak is now live! Download today on Apple Books, Amazon, Audible, Barnes & Noble, Google Play, Kobo! Amazon: https://amzn.to/3HlcjRM Apple Books: https://apple.co/3xNEzJM Nook: https://bit.ly/3b0ONNG Kobo: https://bit.ly/3HlMX6l Google Play: https://bit.ly/3SamDjY Posted in Book Release Day, Book Reviews | Leave a comment More Than I Could Cover Reveal by Adriana Locke Posted on September 16, 2022 by faith Check out this cover reveal!! MORE THAN I COULD by Adriana Locke is releasing September 26th!! Add to Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31686622-more-than-i-could. This grumpy hero makes things hard for the nanny. You know what? I’m over him. His moods. The verbal sparring. Those biceps that look like they were cut from marble. Okay, maybe I’m not over him being shirtless. Chase Marshall is a single dad with a daughter to love, so fighting with me shouldn’t be a priority. But he can’t seem to stay away. The lingering looks when he thinks I’m not watching. The seemingly innocent touches while making breakfast. The smirks gracing his lips after I’m irritated by his antics. He’s ridiculously sweet to his daughter. I even catch glimpses of how charming he could be to me—if he wanted to. But that’s the problem. He acts like he doesn’t want to. That he doesn’t want me. He does. It’s in the innuendos, the way he places his hand in the small of my back—the almost kisses while we’re putting away groceries. The way he comes running when I see a spider and checks on me before he goes to bed. Even if he does grumble about it. I might not be totally over my boss, but I’m going to make him think I am. Let’s see how frustrated Mr. Marshall gets now. From USA Today Bestselling author Adriana Locke comes a grumpy/sunshine, blue-collar single dad, nanny romance. This small-town romance is a standalone novel with tons heat and even more heart. More Than I Could is a standalone in the Coming Home series where one author a month will be delivering a brand-new story about coming home.#CoverReveal #MoreThanICould #AdrianaLocke #ComingSoon #SingleDad #Nanny #BlueCollar #CloseProximity #CandiKanePR @candikanepr Posted in Book Cover Release | Leave a comment ← Older posts Recent Posts Fluke by Adriana Locke is Live! Here is my Review! More Than I Could by Adraina Locke The Sweet Spot by Adriana Locke Review: Broken Souls by Ariana Cane Broken Souls by Ariana Cane Release FontBundles AfilliateSSL Certificate Recent CommentsArchives April 2023 March 2023 November 2022 October 2022 September 2022 August 2022 July 2022 May 2022 March 2022 February 2022 June 2021 February 2021 July 2020 March 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 July 2019 June 2019 January 2019 October 2018 May 2018 March 2018 Categories Amazon Merch Book Cover Release Book Release Day Book Reviews Currently Reading Design Bundles Etsy Graphic Design Work Logos Product Quarantine Redbubble TeePublic Designs Uncategorized Upcoming Book Release Meta Log in Entries feed Comments feed WordPress.org RedBubble Proudly powered by WordPress.