Home » Avalon Sports Close Home Values Our Game Our Set Plays Avalon Entertainment Blog Our Team Team Up! ✕ No results See all results SlideSlide1ShiningStars.See Values2Stars inthe Making.See Our Game3Buildinga Legacy.See Our Set Plays4Be the bestyou can be.See Avalon Entertainment5Inside OurMarketing PlayoffsRead Our Blog5GrowingGreatness.See Our Team PRO SPORT IS MORE THAN JUST A GAME. We match the unceasing hard work and dedication of our athletes to ensure their brand is as sharp, game-ready, and memorable as it can be. Form fades. Class stays. 'It Needed To Be Said' Podcast - Tyrek Hill / WR Miami Dolphins The 'It Needed To Be Said' Podcast is a multimedia project, powered and produced by Avalon Sports Group. The show focuses on the untold stories of professional athletes and entertainers. The show is hosted by NFL Miami Dolphins WR, Tyreek Hill. Tyreek trusted the Avalon team to handle talent booking, production, distribution and commercial endorsements. The show currently ranks in the top 20 of sports shows in the nation. Read More Jake Paul x Tyreek Hill Collaboration YouTube Star and pro-boxer Jake Paul and NFL Miami Dolphins WR, Tyreek Hill collaborated on the Season Finale of 'It Needed To Be Said' as well as the third episode of the show 'BS with Jake Paul' hosted by an incredible lineup led by Paul. Avalon Sports connected both Jake and Tyreek to produce one of the most viewed episodes in 2022 across multiple multimedia streaming platforms. Read More Jordan Poyer / Off-Season Series The Jordan Poyer - Off-Season Series compiled the best moments of first team, all-pro Safety, Jordan Poyer. Avalon Sports produced an 8 episode series in partnership with the Buffalo Bills. All content was distributed via Buffalo Bills channels with a reach of 3M+ impressions and over 600k views. Read More Levi Wallace Football Camp Pittsburgh Steelers CB, Levi Wallace hosted a skill football camp in his hometown (Tucson AZ). Avalon Sports managed the logistics of the event from start to finish. We received over 500 players from the Tucson area. Avalon Sports took care of commercial endorsements, content creation and marketing prior and post-event. Read More Grady Jarrett - Training Camp 2022 Atlanta Falcons DT 2x Pro Bowler Grady Jarrett recently re-signed a multiyear deal with the Falcons. The Avalon Sports team documented his journey during the off-season from taking care of his body off the field to the intensive training sessions looking ahead to the 2022 NFL Season. Read More Zack Moss - Thorne Health Indianapolis Colts RB Zack Moss teamed up with one of the most reputable supplement companies in the world (Thorne Health) to activate and promote their brand nationwide. Avalon Sports was responsible for structuring the deal as well as creating specific content to drive users to Thorne’s website. Read More Inter Miami CF - Campus Opening MLS Inter Miami franchise owned by David Beckham teamed up with UK based university, Global Institute of Sport. Avalon Sports provided marketing and media support throughout the event. UCFB opened three campuses in the United States starting with its first one in South Florida. Read More Jozy Altidore - Austin Air Former US Soccer National team captain Jozy Altidore collaborated with Austin Air Purifiers for their 'Gift Of Clean Air' campaign. Avalon Sports, planned and executed said campaign. Visual content was displayed in multiple social media platforms as well as Austin Air’s website. Read More Sloane Stephens - Austin Air WTA Player Sloane Stephens collaborated with Austin Air Purifiers for their 'Gift Of Clean Air' campaign. Avalon Sports, planned and executed said campaign. Visual content was displayed in multiple social media platforms as well as Austin Air’s website. Read More Jordan Poyer Brand by Jordan Poyer All-Pro Safety Jordan Poyer launched a premium apparel company 'JP Brand' at the end of the 2021 season. Avalon Sports took Jordan’s idea from his head to the market. We handled brand concept, clothing design, distribution and marketing for the brand launch campaign. Avalon Sports continues to manage Jordan’s brand in its entirety. Read More MoreWork MoreWork VIDEO PRODUCTION FEATURED ARTICLES AND PUBLICATIONS How Tyreek Hill's podcast offered a master class in free marketing Tyreek Hill and his agent hired a Buffalo company to produce a podcast. A teaser to the show, which debuts on Friday, hinted at the speedy receiver's trade to Miami — and the failure to provide an answer accomplished the goal of creating buzz. click to view article... Bills star Jordan Poyer launches new line of sneakers ​Bills safety Jordan Poyer isn’t just great at defending against opposing teams, he’s got an eye for fashion too, and he now has a line of sneakers available. click to view article... Jordan Poyer golf tournament to feature football players & benefit ECMC Bills safety Jordan Poyer will be hosting the “Jordan Poyer Celebrity Open” on July 11 to benefit ECMC. The tournament will take place at Coral Ridge Country Club in Fort Lauderdale. click to view article... Tyreek Hill names Superstar cornerback he wants to box Tyreek Hill has never shied away from speaking his mind. During the offseason, the new Dolphins receiver discussed his former quarterback Patrick Mahomes and how the Chiefs did not incorporate him in the offense properly on his It Needed To Be Said podcast. click to view article... Miami Dolphins star Tyreek Hill open soul runner experiential pop-up in Aventura Mall The newest Miami Dolphins star Tyreek Hill has opened a pop-up for Soul Runner, his motivational athletic wear brand, in Aventura Mall. click to view article... New Buffalo-based sports marketing firm mentoring both established and up-and coming pro athletes Bills great Lorenzo Alexander recently joined the Avalon Sports as the V.P. of Player Engagement. click to view article... Buffalo-based Avalon Sports is managing a surge of demand from professional athletes But if Avalon Sports loses any pedigree from its Buffalo roots, it makes it up in the scope of its service, attention to detail and long-term ambition, founders say. click to view article... Lorenzo Alexander is making a post-retirement career out of mentoring athletes Across 16 years in the NFL, with six teams, under eight coaches and alongside several hundred teammates, Lorenzo Alexander has encountered a lot of stupid ideas in the locker room. click to view article... Zack Moss’ football career is defined as much by spirit as it is by pain Zack Moss remembers the first injection like it was yesterday. He was a sophomore at Utah and had just suffered a grade-one shoulder sprain after a 120-yard game against North Dakota. click to view article... CORPORATE PARTNERS The best partners to deliver exeptional results READY TO GO FURTHER, FASTER? Drop us a message and let’s start maximizing your potential. Contact Us NEW YORK P.O. Box 1983 345 Buffalo Ave, Niagara Falls, NY 14303 +1-716-379-3517 marketing@avalonsportsus.com MIAMI 5555 Collins Ave, Miami, FL 33140 BOGOTÁ Cl. 170 #56-45, Bogotá Instagram Linkedin-in Facebook-f Twitter WWW.AVALONSPORTSUS.COM © 2022 Avalon Sports Group | All Rights Reserved No results See all results