U.S. Tax Filing from India | Get Your Federal Tax Return Filed Online Skip to content +1 313 306 4146 +91 966 212 1041 [email protected] Home About Us Services U. S. Tax Return Filing Service India Tax Filing Service Tax Notice Management Service Business Income Tax Return Filing Service NRI Tax Filing Service Blogs Contact Us Menu Home About Us Services U. S. Tax Return Filing Service India Tax Filing Service Tax Notice Management Service Business Income Tax Return Filing Service NRI Tax Filing Service Blogs Contact Us Customer Login FILE YOUR INCOME TAX RETURN WITH THE EXPERIENCED TAX PROFESSIONAL Digital Tax Filing Platform Leading Tax Solution Providers Necessary Online Support Minimum Time Spent By User Simplify Procedure To File ITR We are ready to take your taxation pain on us... SCROLL DOWN TO SEE MORE REQUEST FOR A CALL I'm interested in...U. S. Tax Return Filing ServiceIndia Tax Filing ServiceTax Notice Management ServiceBusiness Income Tax Return Filing ServiceNRI Tax Filing Service Worried about the U.S. Taxes? File The U. S. Tax Return With USTaxFiling.in From India Starting at $ 69.99* ONLY Our Expert Tax Professional will Prepare & File The U.S. Tax Return * Non-Resident return filing starts at $69.99 and Resident Return filing starts at $149 REQUEST FOR A CALL I'm interested in...U. S. Tax Return Filing ServiceIndia Tax Filing ServiceTax Notice Management ServiceBusiness Income Tax Return Filing ServiceNRI Tax Filing Service We Offer Professional Taxation Services USTaxFiling services has a team of dedicated expert tax professionals which consists of Chartered Accountants, tax lawyers, tax management consultants and its legal compliance team. Our services enable both Individual taxpayers and business owners to adhere the guidelines in the US and Indian taxation laws. U. S. Tax Return Filing Service Transparent Fees Structure Premium Services Year Round Service Professional Expertise One Stop Solution View More India Tax Filing Service Tax Saving & Compliance Precision Post Filing Support Professional Expertise Claim Maximum Deductions View More Tax Notice Management Service Prompt Action And Support Dedicated Tax Experts Legal Insights And Tax Updates Documented Record Professional Expertise View More Business ITR Filing Service Tax Filing For All Services Precision Tax Planning And Compliance Professional Expertise Claim Maximum Deductions View More NRI Tax Filing Service Advanced Tax Refund Planning Efficient Tax Refund Process Expertise In Dual Taxation Secured Online Platform Convenient View More U. S. Tax Return Filing Service Transparent Fees Structure Premium Services Year Round Service Professional Expertise One Stop Solution View More India Tax Filing Service Tax Saving & Compliance Precision Post Filing Support Professional Expertise Claim Maximum Deductions View More Tax Notice Management Service Prompt Action And Support Dedicated Tax Experts Legal Insights And Tax Updates Documented Record Professional Expertise View More Business ITR Filing Service Tax Filing For All Services Precision Tax Planning And Compliance Professional Expertise Claim Maximum Deductions View More NRI Tax Filing Service Advanced Tax Refund Planning Efficient Tax Refund Process Expertise In Dual Taxation Secured Online Platform Convenient View More Our Team Of Experienced Professionals Are Well Versed In Dealing With U. S. And India Tax Filing Our experts provide in-person service to several US & India expat and inpat clients. Our team has deeply researched both the US and Indian tax laws and tax treaty agreements which enables us to serve our clients in a proficient manner and with compliance to taxation rules of US and India. Our team consists of CAs and EAs. Our Expert Tax Advisors Have Over 15 Years Of Experience Our tax advisors are specialized in handling all type of complexities like ESOPs, RSU, PFIC and 5471 FOR HNI clients. Additionally our tax experts also help with tax planning, which leads the taxpayer to save taxes. Asset 5 Accuracy With our 2 step review process and being abreast with latest policies ensures that your returns are 100% accurate. Asset 10 Minimize Tax Liability Being abreast with latest policies also helps us in being on top of our trade which leads to minimizing your tax liabilities. Asset 9 Full Year Support Assured year round support for your queries at no additional cost. Asset 6 Experienced Tax Professionals Tax professionals, are not only well versed with the tax policies but experienced in dual taxation for India and U.S. Asset 7 Client Satisfaction With the experience and expertise of our tax experts, we assure to understand your unique tax situation and help to minimize your tax liabilities. Asset 4 Premium Service A dedicated tax advisor assists you with all your tax queries in person or through video conferencing. Asset 5 Accuracy Double check all and latest policies to make sure your returns are 100% accurate Asset 10 Minimize Tax Liability Our tax experts are updated with the latest knowledge of US taxes to help you minimize your Tax Liabilities Asset 6 Experienced Tax Professionals Our tax professionals are well versed with tax policies and experienced in dual taxation for India and US Asset 9 Full Year Support You can have a year around support for any query you need an expert for at no additional cost Asset 7 Client Satisfaction Dedicated Tax Experts who will understand your unique tax situation and help you to minimize your tax liabilities Asset 4 Premium Service You will have mobile number of your dedicated adviser In person video conferencing also available Stay updated with latest news about taxation FBAR: How to file, deadlines and requirements| USTAXFiling.in Are you aware that if you fail to file FBAR (Foreign bank account report), you have to pay harsh penalties? Read More » What Is Form 2555|USTAXFiling.in Save your money with Form 2555. This is for real, and you can save your money if you file IRS Read More » US Expat Tax Updates for 2023| USTAXFiling Do you know about recent US Expat Tax Updates for 2023? No, Don’t worry! In this article, we will discuss Read More » We are a team of dedicated tax professionals serving both individual taxpayers and business owners to adhere their U.S and Indian taxation guidelines. +1 313 306 4146 (USA) +91 966 212 1041 (INDIA) [email protected] Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Linkedin Map-marked-alt Whatsapp Quick Links U. S. Tax Return Filing Service India Tax Filing Service Tax Notice Management Service Business Income Tax Return Filing Service NRI Tax Filing Service U. S. Tax Return Filing Service India Tax Filing Service Tax Notice Management Service Business Income Tax Return Filing Service NRI Tax Filing Service © 2020 All Rights Reserved by USTaxFiling.in Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok