POLA & CO – Chartered Accounting Firm Opening : Mon-Fri 08:00 - 17:00 Home Our Services Business Individuals Our Team News Events Resources Contact Us Call Us We don’t just crunch numbers, we help you change them! Trust The Accounting To Us As a Chartered Accounting firm, we are obliged to maintain high standards of professional conduct and ethical behaviour. These traits are second nature to us both personally and in our dealings with clients. Get A Quote Welcome To Pola & Co We Are Calculating The Best Opportunities For You As a Chartered Accounting firm, we are obliged to maintain high standards of professional conduct and ethical behaviour. These traits are second nature to us both personally and in our dealings with clients. We take this further so that you have confidence that you are working with someone you can trust and talk to without worrying about the clock ticking. As ultimately, we get a buzz from seeing business get off the ground and grow and most importantly continue to grow. 0 + Happy Clients 0 + Projects Completed 0 + Years Of Experience 0 + Team Members Our Services What Service We Offer At Pola & Co we review your financials to identify areas to improve your turnover and profit margins, allowing you to focus on growing your business whilst maintaining a healthy work life balance. CALL 03 5561 2992 IndividualsWe believe in you understanding your tax position, your obligation and opportunities to make those hard decisions easier. Select the icons below to get a better understanding of how we do this. Read More BusniessWe believe in providing information that you can act upon. By providing customised services we will help your business evolve, grow and succeed. Select the icons below to get a better understanding of how we do this. Read More We Achieve We achieve this by helping you become financially organized, as there’s a range of bookkeeping solutions available – manual, computer, cloud based or us doing it for you – whatever it is we ensure we get the right fit for you.All work that is engaged with Pola & Co is based on our policy of agreed upfront pricing, allowing our clients to always be aware of what they are receiving what price and most importantly when it will be completed. This takes away all the hidden nasty surprises when working with Pola & Co. At Pola & Co At Pola & Co our core belief is to grow your business profitability, as all clients at Pola & Co are provided with meaningful information that measures the results of your business so that it can be analysed & improved. Our belief is that “What you measure you can manage!” As the team at Pola & Co all believe that if you don’t understand what we have done, we haven’t finished our job as we want to ensure that what we have completed makes the complex simple – translate accounting/tax jargon into your language for you to understand. CALL 03 5561 2992 Still Confused About Our Features? Get A Consultation So come and see one of our staff members at Pola & Co for a complimentary initial meeting to see how we can benefit you. The only cost is your time. Get A Quote Our News Latest News and Events Company News Forget New Year Resolutions – I Want a Wealth Strategy! Resolutions inherently feel like they’re going to be broken – what we need is a plan. So don’t fret... Read More General News Husbands Share Transfer To Wife Is Taxable Co-ownership of assets is an issue that couples need to consider as a fact of sharing their lives. However,... Read More Tax News Borrowing Through Your SMSF Could Cease Using your SMSF to borrow money directly can be an extremely well leveraged strategy to supercharge your SMSF. But... Read More Give Us A Call 03 5561 2992 Send Us A Message tony@polaco.com.au Office Location 164 Liebig Street, Warrnambool, VIC 3280 At Pola & Co we review your financials to identify areas to improve your turnover and profit margins, allowing you to focus on growing your business whilst maintaining a healthy work life balance. Facebook-f Twitter Instagram Youtube Quick Links About Us Business Individuals Resources Contact Us Useful Links Our Team News Events Newsletter Subscribe to our Newsletter. Send Accounting Firm POLA & CO by Pepper Digital Copyright © 2021. All rights reserved.