Faculty of Da'wah and Communication Sciences, Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University About History Vision, Mission, Goals and Motto Dean's Foreword Strategic Plan Work Program Organization Education Research Community Service Alumni Document Directory EN ID AR International Seminar Seminar Internasional, "Da'wah, Democracy, and Freedom of the Press" (Syahida Inn, 21-22 November 2023) Data & Facts from the Faculty of Da'wah and Communication Sciences 8 Study program 27 Expert 3968 Student Quick Access PMB Registration 2024 AIS e-Letter Academic Guidelines Partner E-Journal Library E-Kinerja BKD Latest news Other News 30 January 2024 A Social Welfare Student's English-Spoken Thesis Defense, the Second Time in 15 Years Civitas Articles Other Articles Education Research Community Service Education The Faculty of Da'wah and Communication Sciences (FDCS) provides education in the fields of communication, journalism, and broadcasting as well as Islamic preaching. In addition to the undergraduate level, FDCS offers education at the graduate level. level (master / S2). The curriculum, quality of teachers, learning process, and supporting student practice laboratories make FDIK ready to provide academic excellence in its field. Since its establishment until now, FDIK has produced many graduates who take part in various professional fields, especially in the field of communication and Islamic broadcasting. More Research Our research covers a wide range of aspects, from analyzing social media in religious contexts, to research in intercultural communication, and social issues that affect da'wah practices in various societies. various societies. Our faculty fosters an environment that encourages lecturers and students to carry out meaningful and relevant research. More Community Service This service is a manifestation of our mission to not only produce competent graduates, but also to utilize their knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life of the wider community. of the wider community. Through various community service programs and initiatives, our Faculty of Da'wah and Communication Sciences strives to bridge the information gap, promote positive messages, and provide solutions to various problems faced by the community, especially in the context of religion, and provide solutions to various problems faced by the community, especially in the context of religion, da'wah, and communication. More Announcement Other Announcements Agenda Other Agenda Contact us Phone number (021)74703580 Email address fidkom[@]apps.uinjkt.ac.id Campus Address 1 Jalan Ir. H. Djuanda No. 95 Ciputat, South Tangerang City 15412 Social media ei reporting 2023 © Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University Jakarta