DGS Accounting Group | Home Skip to content (03) 5338 7455 Toggle navigation Home About Us Why choose us? Facebook Instagram Services Looking to change Accountants? Personal Tax Small Business Compliance Self Managed Superannuation Funds (SMSF) Small Business Marketing New Client Form TAX Return Checklist Contact Us RESOURCES Instagram Facebook DGS ACCOUNTING GROUP Ballarat Accounting and Tax Services BOOK NOW If you are a new client to DGS Accounting Group, please take the time to fill out our new client form below so we can set you up before you come in for your appointment. NEW CLIENT FORM DGS Accounting Group provides Accounting and Tax Services to small business and individuals alike. Incorporated in Ballarat in 2000. Richard Start Accountants now DGS Accounting Group has achieved an excellent reputation as a professional Accounting firm by offering friendly service and a commitment to "Building Relationships with Small Business".. Ballarat Tax Specialist You want to have confidence in your Accountants? We aren't your regular accountants. We pride ourselves on the quality of our accounting and the advice and support we offer our clients. We work with a select number of small businesses which gives us the ability to always be accessible and approachable, this way we can always give your business the support it needs. Whether you have been in business for some time, or you are starting a new business, your finance team is an essential part of your business. We know you want a personalised range of services and an Accountant that understands YOUR financial situation and what YOU want to achieve. To build and maintain your existing business as a successful one, we will be the strong Ballarat Accounting team supporting you. Our professional advice and hands-on support will be with you to watch your business grow and succeed - Treating it as if it were our own! The compliance challenges facing small business today is enormous with environments changing fast. We are ready to deal with all the challenges that arise. Our staff are well educated and they strive to keep up to date with the latest trends and developments, legislative changes.. Our Accountants have strong technical skills and understand that being reliable and responsible is what matters to you. DGS Accounting Group will be with you every step of the way. Services on offer include: Business planning - both start up and succession Setting the direction – strategic, aligning with your vision Finding purpose in your choice of business Business structures Reviewing and monitoring the plans and finances Business sales and purchases Accounting software Compliance and tax effective advice Advertising and marketing assistance Our team of experienced Accountants offer more than just completing your tax return. Our motto is sustainable accounting = results. They can help you to manage all your personal tax-related and financial obligations. We are committed to helping you achieve the best possible outcomes. Whether complex or straightforward, navigating your way through your personal tax return can be difficult and frustrating. Do you know what work related expenses you can claim? Do you know where to find the most accurate and up to date information? Do you know how to apply for entitlements? no need to pay - we deduct our fee out of your refund! Small BusinessSuper FundsWhy choose Richard Start Accountants?Personal Tax ReturnsLOCAL BALLARAT BUSINESS We can help make your business the best it can be - we treat it as if it was our own. Whether you have been in business for some time, or you are starting a new business, your finance team is an essential part of your business. To build and maintain your existing business as a successful one, we will be the strong Ballarat accounting team supporting you. Here is what some of our clients have to say: Dynamite Cycles Buninyong A premium bike store where people can chill out, talk bikes and relax. Located at 409 Warrenheip St Buninyong Victoria 3357 https://dynamitecycles.com.au/ https://www.instagram.com/dynamitecyclesbuninyong/ https://www.facebook.com/dynamitecyclesbuninyong/ "We are a couple of bike enthusiasts who love to tinker, who opened a Bike Shop, and now were standing in our Café It’s really great to have the team at Richard Start Accountants behind us, to be able to just hit that send button or send through the codes to Mitch and know our business (BAS & GST) is all taken care of. It leaves us so much more time to work in our store & café and more time to ride! (organising ride nights or spend with the kids)" Trent & Cass Small Scale Homes Small Scale Homes build and design transportable homes. We also custom design and build small modular buildings/business offices. https://www.smallscalehomes.com.au/ https://www.instagram.com/smallscalehomes/ https://www.facebook.com/smallscalehomes.com.au Whether our clients want to be tucked away in the Australian bush amongst nature, create accommodation for purposes such as Airbnb, or hidden in a quiet get away from the hustle and bustle of the busy day to day life. Shared with a loved one or simply on their own. We’re there to help our clients live their dream. "The team at Richard Start Accountants have been a great asset to our business. They have gone above and beyond to ensure we receive the best service by handling our BAS, payroll or simply answering any questions we may have. Richard Start Accountants have taken off a lot of pressure that comes with running a small business". Paula & Nathan Image by: @Chippy Rivera Auto Align Alignments, Wheel Balancing, Repairs. Cars, Utes, 4WD's, Classics and Race Cars. New & second hand tyres supplied. Located at 90 Hertford Street, Sebastopol, VIC, Australia 3356 Phone 0419 392 158 https://www.facebook.com/Auto-Align-431442917290614 https://www.instagram.com/richardstartaccountants/ "We have been clients with your organisation for a few years now and always been happy with the service from everyone in the office. We started dealing with Marcus after the sad passing of Peter Angel and to be honest, we were concerned with the impact of changing to a new staff member would have on our small business only because we have no experience with accounting. Since Marcus has been handling the file we have received over and above service and support from him. He is professional, friendly and he provides a personalised service. We also find he knows exactly what we want and how to explain it too us. We have recently expanded the business hiring staff and taking on more work . What we thought would be a hard and overwhelming process was actually quiet easy once Marcus explained everything to us." Plastercraft Linings Specialising in renovation/repair plaster works "Start with quality, your destination will be excellence" New generation plasterers offering old school customer service. With over 15 years experience offering the highest possible finish and a service you can rely on! https://www.facebook.com/plastercraftlinings/ https://www.instagram.com/plastercraft_linings/ "Richard Start Accountants have been the biggest blessing to my business from the day I decided to go out on my own. Not only do they give me tax advice on a weekly basis, if I need it, they have also given me the confidence to tackle all future growth (lessons on BAS & wages etc). They really are your one stop small business shop!" Aaron Usas Zero Plastics Australia Products made from 100% recycled single use plastic https://zeroplasticsaustralia.com/ https://www.instagram.com/zeroplasticsaustralia/ https://www.facebook.com/ZeroPlasticsAustralia "Being a family owned business local to Ballarat, we though it was only fitting to choose another family owned business from Ballarat. Richard Start Accountants would always support us on our socials before we even knew about them and with great feedback from the community it was a no brainer to choose Richard Start Accountants." Adz Slater OUR TEAM Richard Start Director Chartered Tax Adviser (CTA) Certified Practicing Accountant (CPA) Completing his Bachelor of Commerce with Distinction at the University of Ballarat in 1996. During this time he was awarded 'Certificate of Excellence' - highest score for accounting studies for each year - 1994, 1995 and 1996. Richard was admitted to CPA status in 1999, began his own practice in July 2000. In 2012 gained the standing of Chartered Tax Advisor (CTA) with the Tax Institute of Australia. In 2022 Richard has been accepted as a member by the Chartered Tax Adviser designation. This is an internationally recognised and respected mark of technical excellence and professional integrity and represents the pinnacle of the tax profession. Richard's knowledge and passion for numbers is deep - that is why he treat your business as if it were his own! Marcus Darmody Director Managing Accountant Certified Practicing Accountant (CPA) In 2013 while completing his studies Marcus began part time work at Richard Start Accountants. Once he successfully completed his Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting) Marcus commenced his full time roll with Richard Start Accountants. Marcus was admitted to CPA status in 2017. Marcus enjoys playing football for Newlyn Football Netball Club in the Central Highlands Football League and following the mighty Blues, Carlton football club in the AFL. Mitchell Gilbert Director Senior Accountant Mitchell is a local Ballarat boy completing all his formal education at Ballarat Grammar and Federation University. Successfully completing his studies in Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting and Finance) in 2016. Mitchell commenced employment with Richard Start Accountants in July 2021 and carries with him a wealth of expert knowledge around Accounting and Financial services . Adding to our team of footballers, Mitchell can be seen getting a kick for Skipton Football Netball Club in the Central Highlands Football League. Kingsley Prendergast Accountant We are delighted to introduce Kingsley, our newest addition to the accounting team. Currently in his second year at RMIT. His dedication to furthering his education while contributing to our company reflects a commendable work ethic that aligns perfectly with our values. A local Ballarat boy, from Phoenix College Kingsley adds to our team of footballers, he can be seen getting a kick for Newlyn Football Netball Club in the Central Highlands Football League. As Kingsley continues his journey toward obtaining his degree, we are confident that his passion for accounting and dedication to his craft will contribute significantly to DGS's success. Rebecca Start Marketing & Communication Rebecca started at Richard Start Accountants in October 2020 and had since moved over to Communications & Marketing. Rebecca comes to us with a diverse background, after completing her Nursing course back in 2006 and working across a variety of Melbourne hospitals and Medical Centres. After a long maternity leave stint (6 years and three children later) and a few small business ventures herself, Rebecca has returned back to part - time work with Richard Start Accountants. She is the creator of our Instagram, Facebook and Website content and the author of our newsletters and emails. Rebecca is enthusiastic about building relationships with our clients and small businesses, offering a direct line to their Accounting and business needs. Keep an eye our on your inbox, Rebecca will appear in there anyway she can, be it customer satisfaction, our Referral Program, new updates and more. Alison Mckenna Administration Alison started working at Richard Start Accountants in February 2019 as an Administration Assistant. Alison has several years experience in the administration area in different industries including Newspaper, Mental Health, Construction and Consulting Engineering. As a result Alison has gained an wealth of knowledge over a diverse range of duties. Her belief is 'nothing is too hard'. Alison is now enjoying adding to her knowledge in the 'Accounting' sector. Alison prides herself on delivering outstanding customer service and being a valuable member of the Richard Start Accountants team. Alison's key duties are looking after the daily banking, client assessments, lodgments, client liaison and much more. Debbie Walters Receptionist Debbie commenced her role as a receptionist at Richard Start Accountants in January 2021. Debbie brings with her a great wealth of knowledge and experience, having worked at Radio Rentals for nearly 12 years. She is passionate about great customer service and loves dealing with the public. Apart from happily greeting you as you arrive, you will hear Debbie's cheerful greeting when you call. She will book your appointment with our accountants, and also successfully juggles everyone’s calendars, appointments and meeting rooms during the busy tax periods. Debbie will ensure all your details are ready for your appointment and happily help you with making over the phone and in-office payments. Mary-Kate Beaston Receptionist We're thrilled to welcome Mary-Kate to our accounting firm, where she brings a fresh new face and a vibrant outlook to our office environment. With her graduation from Loretto College, Mary-Kate not only brings a wealth of knowledge but also an unwavering can-do attitude that resonates with our team's values. Joining Deb in reception, Mary-Kate is the first point of contact for our clients and visitors, and her professionalism, warmth, and efficiency ensure that everyone who walks through our doors feels welcomed and valued. Professional AffiliationsRichard Start Accountants Pty. Ltd. is a CPA Practice Designed & Powered by Web Force 5