OPAM Model OPAM Model Search for: Search Login Home Products Services About Us Contact Us BEST SOLUTION Research Based Solution to Analyse and Improve Your Organisational Performance OPAM is an organisational performance assessment system designed to measure and profile organisational capacities and consensus levels in nine critical areas. OPAM is based on state-of-the-art methods that energise and transform individual, team, and organisational performance. More… Download OPAM Data Form Download OPAM Sample Report Organisation Assessment What is Organisation Assessment?Organisation Assessment is “… the process for obtaining systematic information about the performance of an organisation and the factors that affect performance in order to diagnose areas of possible investments for change and/or to demonstrate competence.” Why Choose OPAM Based on the best assessment methodology and the most advanced human performance technology OPAM goes beyond the diagnostic activities of determining where to look for performance problems. It advances HPT activities beyond the discovery of where to look for performance problems and into the activities of how to analyse performance problems. OPAM Phases There are five distinct phases to the OPAM Model: Performance Analysis Cause Analysis Intervention Selection, Design & Development Intervention Implementation and Change Management Evaluation – continuous improvement. Boost Your Business Performance with OPAM Boosting performance and powering growth and overcome challenges to your success. Whatever your business is, you indeed expect the best performance from your workforce and you want to improve their efficiency and productivity. OPAM will help you identify and tackle your productivity challenges, boost your organisational performance and discover challenges, benefits, best practices and possible implementation strategies. OPAM provides a coherent systematic approach to the solution of performance problems, as opposed to the traditional methods and procedures adopted by most organisations. It seeks optimal solutions, regardless of their appearance. OPAM's HPT Model OPAM performance analysis is based on our proprietary HPT model of human performance. OPAM’s HPT Model framework comprises of nine domains and 26 sub-domains or factors affecting human performance.The nine key success areas examined in the assessment tool make OPAM one of the most in-depth and comprehensive system of an organisational performance analysis and assessment available today. Copyright © 2024. Dr Mohammed Tikrity, All Rights Reserved. Scroll to Top