Inside Algarve - Algarve News - Inside Algarve Navigation Menu Home News Events The Inside Guides Golf Restaurants Restaurant Guide: Lagos Area Restaurant Guide: Carvoeiro Area Hotels Travel Travel directory: Carvoeiro Travel directory: Lagos Inside Magazines Contacts Follow us on Facebook Dec02 0 Soothing art: Sandra Correia explores art and mental health, creating art works with neutral tones and abstract shapes Posted by Inside Magazines on Dec 2, 2023 Soothing art: Sandra Correia explores art and mental health, creating art works with neutral tones and abstract shapes The artist wants her work to convey a sense of calm and tranquillity – December 2, 2023 | Text Beatriz Maio ©Beatriz Maio, Open Media Group A nurse for over 20 years, Sandra Correia has been splitting her time between health and art, two passions that in recent years have gone hand in hand in her life. She was born in Portimão, is a mother of three, an entrepreneur, and, recently, an artist. She has been interested in this area since she was a child – crafts were her favourite subject at school – but she had never developed it on a professional level until a year ago. A collector of art books, she has... Read more Dec02 0 Hidden away off the beaten track, near Silves, Quinta das Maravilhas is a haven of comfort Posted by Inside Magazines on Dec 2, 2023 Hidden away off the beaten track, near Silves, Quinta das Maravilhas is a haven of comfort Charming luxury in the midst of nature, Quinta das Maravilhas can be enjoyed at any time of the year – December 2, 2023 | Text Beatriz Maio | Photos Pascale van Reijn The new project by Dutch couple Jeannette den Blijker and Jordy Koningh is a... Read more Dec01 0 Mercusion is innovating the fashion industry by using organic and recycled materials Posted by Inside Magazines on Dec 1, 2023 Mercusion is innovating the fashion industry by using organic and recycled materials A fusion of worlds – December 1, 2023 | Text Beatriz Maio | Photos Renee... Read more Nov30 0 Sisters Leila and Jasmin Chouikha’s paintings explore creativity in abstract and realistic styles Posted by Inside Magazines on Nov 30, 2023 Sisters Leila and Jasmin Chouikha’s paintings explore creativity in abstract and realistic styles From a family of talented artists, Leila and Jasmin Chouikha paint in... Read more News “Botany in Watercolour” exhibition by Toni Dade will delight visitors with the “visual wonders that the natural world offers” Mar 1Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News Lagoa’s Escola de Artes Mestre Fernando Rodrigues welcomes Toni... First Portuguese-only Michelin gala takes place this February in the Algarve Feb 23Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News The long-awaited night will feature Portugal’s most celebrated... Michelin experience: Chef Hans Neuner hosts an exciting gastronomic collaboration with Catalan chefs from ‘Cocina Hermanos Torres’ this February Feb 23Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News Vila Vita’s Ocean restaurant will welcome Catalan twins Sérgio and... 8th Algarve International Piano Festival welcomes renowned Portuguese pianist António Rosado this March 9 Feb 16Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News Portimão’s TEMPO Theatre will welcome “one of the greatest Portuguese... 50th edition of Volta ao Algarve starts today Feb 14Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News Cycling competition Volta ao Algarve returns with the world’s top teams... The works of the winners of Portimão’s popular “Photographic Marathon” are on display at the city’s Museum until March 30 Feb 9Posted by Inside Magazines in News The 23rd Portimão Photographic Marathon brought in 157 photography lovers... To save lives: Lagos is creating a local defibrillation network Feb 8Posted by Inside Magazines in News There will be 24 defibrillators installed throughout Lagos as part of a... Silves Orange Festival returns for 8th edition this February 16 Feb 6Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News The 8th edition of the Silves Orange Festival will bring dozens of... Algarve Jazz Orchestra joins jazz singer Maria Anadon and German conductor Ferdinand Von Seebach for special concerto in Lagoa Feb 6Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News The Algarve Jazz Orchestra, under the direction of German trombonist... Lagos hosts Algarve Breast Cancer Congress this February, a unique opportunity for visitors to come together and share knowledge and experiences Jan 26Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News 3rd Algarve Breast Cancer Congress under the theme “Women and Integrative... Nicki Minaj to perform in Portugal for the first time at Afro Nation festival in Portimão Jan 24Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News The Trinidadian-born rapper and singer has been confirmed as a headliner... ‘Jazz nas Adegas’: Wine and jazz events at Algarve’s wineries continue this January Jan 22Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News The highly successful series of events which combine wine tasting with live... Local Artist Meinke Flesseman discusses plans for the future of her art gallery in Portimão Jan 22Posted by Inside Magazines in News The two-storey building in Portimão showcases not only a “combination of... This Saturday, internationally acclaimed textile artist Vanessa Barragão opens her solo exhibition in Lagos Jan 19Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News Lagos Cultural Centre will present the solo exhibition... Lagos Creative Arts Hub hosting Open Day on January 12 and 13 with a series of activities that will last throughout the night Jan 11Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News This two-day event will include concerts, performances, exhibits, and... Lagos could be the starting point of the “longest possible train journey in the world”, according to online travel enthusiasts Jan 11Posted by Inside Magazines in News Travel and train enthusiasts have unveiled a journey that would pass... Ferragudo welcomes New Year’s Day with a cold swim Dec 26Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News Everyone is invited to participate in the traditional New Year’s Day... Lagoa municipality has implemented a new bio-waste collection system Dec 20Posted by Inside Magazines in News Aiming to recover the biodegradable waste and reducing the large quantities... Divers found two 300-year-old bronze pulleys in Lagos Dec 14Posted by Inside Magazines in News Underwater treasures – December 14, 2023 | Text Michael... Local Artist Tara Bongard is exhibiting her works in Portimão Dec 12Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News The ‘Life Lines’ exhibition will be presented until January 2 –... Lagos New Year’s festivities promise two nights of concerts Dec 12Posted by Inside Magazines in Events, News Four artists confirmed to perform on the two last nights of 2023 –... Alma’te: The new Zen therapy space in Portimão Dec 11Posted by Inside Magazines in News Motivated by her desire to instil daily habits focused on physical and... Marie Patterson explores some local favourites and hidden gems not to be missed in Carvoeiro and Portimão Dec 11Posted by Inside Magazines in News A tourist at home – December 11, 2023 | Text Marie Patterson | Photos... Local artists Anke Punt Bach and Rui Botto unveil a collaborative exhibition this December in Lagoa Dec 7Posted by Inside Magazines in News Lagoa’s library will host a joint exhibition of paintings starting... Lagos Intermarché’s house-made cookies are a cosy treat for the colder months Dec 7Posted by Inside Magazines in News Fresh out of the oven – December 7, 2023 | Inside Sponsored... Load More Posts Features Soothing art: Sandra Correia explores art and mental health, creating art works with neutral tones and abstract shapes Dec 2Posted by Inside Magazines in Features The artist wants her work to convey a sense of calm and tranquillity –... Hidden away off the beaten track, near Silves, Quinta das Maravilhas is a haven of comfort Dec 2Posted by Inside Magazines in Features Charming luxury in the midst of nature, Quinta das Maravilhas can be... Mercusion is innovating the fashion industry by using organic and recycled materials Dec 1Posted by Inside Magazines in Features A fusion of worlds – December 1, 2023 | Text Beatriz Maio | Photos... Sisters Leila and Jasmin Chouikha’s paintings explore creativity in abstract and realistic styles Nov 30Posted by Inside Magazines in Features From a family of talented artists, Leila and Jasmin Chouikha paint in... The art of making sweet and spicy jams: Cátia Santos has created “Munchi”, an artisanal brand of “unequalled flavours” Nov 29Posted by Inside Magazines in Features Munchi enriches every meal with its jams, chutneys, and piri-piri sauces... Marie Patterson explores some local favourites and hidden gems not to be missed in Carvoeiro Oct 14Posted by Inside Magazines in Features A tourist at home – October 14, 2023 | Text Marie Patterson | Photos... Local artist Jérome Gay applies his multifaceted talent to sculptures, ceramics, and paintings Sep 14Posted by Inside Magazines in Features Turning feelings into art – September 14, 2023 | Text Beatriz Maio... From generation to generation, one family continues to pass on the traditions of locally produced regional liqueurs Sep 7Posted by Inside Magazines in Features A taste of the Algarve – September 7, 2023 | Text Beatriz Maio | Photos... Load More Posts Advertising Welcome to Inside Algarve The Inside brand is a celebration of the Algarve. Showcasing the best the region has to offer, we bring you the latest news, projects, businesses, and activities not to be missed. People, places, happenings, restaurants, nightlife, property, and culture are just some of the highlights featured in Inside Lagos & the Western Algarve and Inside Carvoeiro | Ferragudo | Lagoa | Silves, alongside our signature Guides to help you find the best restaurants and accommodation options around along with golf courses and travel tips. Brands The Inside Magazines are part of the Open Media Group, Portugal’s leading publisher of foreign-language magazines, newspapers and websites. Popular titles published by the company include Essential Algarve magazine, national French-language magazine Vivre Le Portugal, golf magazine Clubhouse Algarve, the English-language weekly newspaper Portugal Resident, and Portuguese news site Barlavento. The Open Media Group also works in close cooperation with associate companies both in Lisbon (Essential Lisboa) and Madeira (Essential Madeira). Follow us on Social Media Inside Carvoeiro Inside Lagos insidealgarvemagazines Inside Magazines - Sharing the best of the Algarve, from Carvoeiro to Lagos and more #algarve #portugal #algarveportugal #visitalgarve “Botany in Watercolour” exhibition by Toni Dad First Portuguese-only Michelin gala takes place th Michelin experience: Chef Hans Neuner hosts an exc 8th Algarve International Piano Festival welcomes 50th edition of Volta ao Algarve starts today. Cy Load More Follow on Instagram Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress