Roofing San Luis Obispo - (805) 600-9066 - Roof 805 Toggle Navigation Home Services About Us Contact Us (805) 600-9066 Experienced roofing contractors serving the Central Coast. Roof Installation and Repairs, Deck Installation and Repair, Structural Damage Repairs and More. We pride ourselves on speed, workmanship, and value. Call to speak with us Affordable Roofing in San Luis Obispo Roof 805 is a family owned business that has been repairing roofs on the Central Coast for over two decades. We are licensed, insured, friendly, and here to answer your questions with accurate bids. SLO County residents looking for roofing companies near me can get it all in one stop including construction and plumbing services. We provide our customers the best workmanship possible each and every day, while maintaining a professional attitude, clean worksite, and safe working conditions for both the customer and those performing the duties at the job site. Schedule a free inspection Serving SLO County How lucky are we to live on the Central Coast. Every city is amazing here. We are proud long time residents who believe our neighbors deserve the best. We strive to provide you with the best and highest quality roofing services available, together with an outstanding customer service, unmatched by our competitors. We are a licensed and insured roofing and construction company serving all of San Luis Obispo County. From roof installation and repairs, deck installation and repair, structural damage repairs, termite damage dry rot, fascia board removal and repair, exterior painting, fire, water and mold restoration and paver installation. Here is a photo of the Merrimaker in Los Osos under going renovations and a new roof. We are experienced in residential and commercial roofing, plumbing, and construction. San Luis Obispo Roofing Team We are a local SLO roofing company who provide a full range of roofing and construction services. Our office is in SLO and we live throughout the county from Templeton to Morro. We are more than just a roofing company. Need new gutters? Thinking about a new patio for backyard BBQs? Perhaps that deck needs some love. We’ve got you covered from roofing to plumbing. We are licensed in general, roofs, and plumbers and ensure the job gets done right the first time. Give us a call today to speak with our friendly owner Tim. Our team review project budgeting. We strive to provide cost savings to our clients wherever possible. Construction & Roofing? You bet. We do gutter installations, decks, patios, and remodels. Schedule an Free Inspection We service all of SLO County: Paso Robles, Atascadero, Templeton, Arroyo Grande, Nipomo, Santa Maria, San Luis Obispo, Morro Bay, Los Osos and Cayucos Facebook Twitter Google-plus Give us a RingHablas Español (805) 600-9066 Roof 805San Luis Obispo, CA 93401(805) 600-9066 Serving the BEAUTIFUL Central Coast since 2001 Licensed & Insured B-1 CSL # 791812, C-36 CSL 1022417 Customer Satisfaction is Our #1 Priority Locally Owned and Operated Over 20 Years of Professional Roofing Contractor Experience Why Roof 805? From our inception over two decades ago, our focus has been the customer first. We are experienced contractors that make your roofing, construction or plumbing project a professional and affordable experience. Ready for a free estimate? Call us today! Habla español! (805) 600-9066 Top-Rated Roofers in San Luis Obispo, California Roof 805 serves all of San Luis Obispo, County We are open Monday to Friday from 09:00-5:00pm. For additional questions you can call us at (805) 600-9066. Hours We are open: Monday – Friday 8am – 5pm (805) 215-4446 Trusted Since 2001 Locations We Serve All of SLO County Arroyo Grande Atascadero Cayucos Grover Beach Los Osos Morro Bay Paso Robles Pismo Beach San Luis Obispo Templeton Nipomo Santa Maria Get in Touch! About Us Services Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Find us on Google+ Instagram Website by Simple Tree Digital