Homepage - DE-SO Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Contact +33 (0)1 55 43 97 07 contact@de-so.com 10, rue des Bluets F-75011 Paris France Facebook Instagram Vimeo Linkedin Home Studio Culture Ecology, soils, materials Construction and economy Assembly and filters Platforms and supports Geometry, geography Horizon, lines and fractals Projects Contact EN Français Architecture Culture and Education Services and Trade Urban Planning Contact contact@de-so.com Paris +33 (0)1 55 43 97 07 Avignon +33 (0)9 55 74 51 71 10, rue des Bluets F-75011 Paris France Facebook Instagram Vimeo Linkedin Toggle navigation Home Studio Culture Ecology, soils, materials Construction and economy Assembly and filters Platforms and supports Geometry, geography Horizon, lines and fractals Projects Contact We construct and enhance technology, optimize both materials and their consumption, and promote the development of bio-sourced materials. Our commitment to ecology extends to encompass a broader perspective, with a particular focus on local sectors. See case studies About DE-SO agency comprises tree associates and 30 collaborating architects and urban planners with a presence in Paris, Avignon, and Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam). ── Learn more Sustain matter, focus landscape Our constant effort is to ensure the reign of matter. Our work pays particular attention to the landscape, to the place where falls with the project. Blend use, function, materiality The interlacing of the use dimensions, of functionality and of materiality are assembled by the drawing and the precise line between geometry and geography. Fifteen years, global projects. For fifteen years the agency carries out public, cultural and educational projects, social housing and urban projects in France and Asia. PHILOSHOPHY Our Project Culture Renowned for diverse expertise in public amenities and town planning, the agency consistently excels in national and international competitions, earning recognition for design and innovation. Our focus Navigating Culture, Services and Urban Planning Culture and EducationServices and TradeUrban Planning Our architectural creations in the realm of culture and education reflect a meticulous consideration of the specific geography and location of each project. The intended uses, functionality, and materials of these projects are anchored in our expertise in drawing, where the synergy of geometry and geography is evident. Engaging in national and international competitions, we contribute to various research fields, ensuring our projects stand out for their design, construction, and innovative qualities. <p align="justify">In the domain of services and trade, our completed projects epitomize excellence in design, construction, and innovation. The thought processes behind each endeavor showcase our dedication to meticulous project management for flawless execution. Whether creating guiding plans for large territories or undertaking coordination missions, our involvement extends to the enhancement of remarkable sites. Attuned to future challenges in construction and urban environments, we continuously update our skills, incorporating advancements such as HQE and BIM.</p> <p align="justify">Our commitment to urban planning is evident in our multifaceted approach, from restructuring and large-scale conversions to studying future needs in culture, heritage, and education. Our expertise extends to integration with the local environment, ensuring our projects harmonize seamlessly with their surroundings. Fueled by convictions and ongoing reflection, we strive to develop innovative and ambitious urban planning projects. This commitment extends globally, as demonstrated by the establishment of DE-SO Asia in Hô Chi Minh City, reflecting our dedication to exporting our outlook and expertise, particularly in South-East Asia.</p> About us Global Impact and Innovative Vision Our drawing mastery, where geometry meets geography, underpins each project's intended uses and materials. Engaging in national and international competitions reflects our diverse research involvement, and completed projects stand out for design, construction, and innovation. Working across diverse sectors, we excel in guiding plans for large territories and enhancing remarkable sites, addressing future challenges through expertise in wood and bio-based materials, restructuring, and seamless integration with local environments. Committed to global impact, DE-SO expanded to South-East Asia in 2016 with DE-SO Asia in Hô Chi Minh City, embodying our dedication to sharing architectural excellence beyond borders. About us DE-SO, an innovative architecture studio, seamlessly integrates geography into their projects, emphasizing functionality and materials through expert drawing mastery. Urban strategic approach Urban design Landscape design Public Buildings and education Manufacture and logistic parks Education and multipurpose rooms Refurbishment and rehabilitation Bio-sourced materials Re using materials Ecology, soils, materials Urban design draws together the many strands of place-making, environmental stewardship, social equity and economic viability into the creation of places with distinct beauty and identity. Constructive approach, economy Urban design draws together the many strands of place-making, environmental stewardship, social equity and economic viability into the creation of places with distinct beauty and identity. Assembly and Filters Urban design draws together the many strands of place-making, environmental stewardship, social equity and economic viability into the creation of places with distinct beauty and identity. Platforms and supports Urban design draws together the many strands of place-making, environmental stewardship, social equity and economic viability into the creation of places with distinct beauty and identity. Geometry-Geography Urban design draws together the many strands of place-making, environmental stewardship, social equity and economic viability into the creation of places with distinct beauty and identity. Horizons, fractals, lines Urban design draws together the many strands of place-making, environmental stewardship, social equity and economic viability into the creation of places with distinct beauty and identity. STUDIO Award-Winning Team ──‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎Learn more CULTURE Geometry and Geography ──‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎Learn more The process Latest Recognitions DE-SO has earned prestigious recognition, including the Nouveaux Albums des Jeunes Architectes (NAJA), a notable French award for emerging architects. Their success extends to triumphs in three European competitions, showcasing a diverse skill set in public amenities and town planning studies. 1x Prix du re emploi 2023 2x FIBRA Award 2021 4x Prix National Construction Bois 2019 1x Bâtiments Durables Méditerranéens 2013 1x Album des Jeunes Architectes & Paysagistes 2002 Latest - News As the complexity of buildings to increase, the field of architecture became multi-disciplinary with technological expertise and discpline. Let's build together cultural spacesidentitiesurban spaces Our attention to the specific geography and location of every project can be seen in our architectural creations as well as in our town planning projects. Call our office +33 (0) 1 55 43 97 07 Send a message contact@de-so.com about us Studio Culture Projects Contact Follow Us Facebook Instagram Linkedin Vimeo This website uses cookies to improve your web experience. Accept