Lodha Worli Mumbai - New Launch Luxury Project Home About Gallery Overview Location Lodha Worli Mumbai by Lodha Group Mumbai 4 BHK Apartments :On Request Price starting @Rs.On Request Register to get quick call Submit Lodha Worli Mumbai is a landmark luxury apartment project that is conveniently located in the prime and the posh area of the Mumbai city. The project launched by the renowned real estate developer Lodha Group with an aim to provide an elite and sophisticated lifestyle for the residents. The project offers ultra-luxury 4 BHK homes equipped with modern and futuristic amenities. What Makes Lodha Worli Mumbai Luxury Homes Rule The Roost? The luxury apartment project of Lodha Group delivers the highest level of design and craftsmanship without compromising on quality. The premium homes designed thoughtfully to enable functionality. The signature luxury home project in Worli is crafted with excellent by the eminent architects. A interior designers fostering it to be one of the unique edifices in the world. With prime location advantage, premium amenities and great connectivity, the project is most sought-after by many elite class end users. Enquiry Now 1. World-class amenities: The Lodha New Launch project in Mumbai is loaded with unmatched amenities that include swimming pool, clubhouse, dedicated parking space for the residents, safe play area for the kids, indoor and outdoor sports area, walkers/joggers park, senior citizen deck, fitness room, spa, Wi-Fi uninterrupted water and power supply, power backup and multipurpose hall. The developer has thoughtfully incorporated all these amenities to enable the residents of Lodha Worli Mumbai to exude comfortable, convenient, lavish lifestyle along with social connect. 2. Prime location: Lodha project in Worli, Mumbai is strategically located in the prime and affluent area of Worli. Worli is the residential and commercial hub of Mumbai with many corporate offices in the vicinity. The project thus enjoys close proximity with these employment facilities thus making the place most sought-after by many professionals. The luxury apartment project is near many important landmarks that include schools, markets, malls, health care amenities, multiplexes, entertainment hubs and banks. It also enjoys seamless connectivity to the other areas of the city and is near to airport. All these make the commutation easy for the residents. 3. Stunning architecture: The luxury apartments of Lodha Project in Worli Mumbai has incredible architecture that embraces lavish lifestyle. The architecture grandeur of the project is designed smartly using the best building standards to foster optimum space utilization and airy ambiance. The project has spacious rooms with big windows to let in natural light and fresh air. The breathtaking and Vaastu-prone rooms have beautiful interiors that are designed using luxury and branded fittings and fixtures. The sit-out balconies of Lodha Worli Project In Mumbai are spacious with captivating views of the city. The rooms have anti-skid flooring, smart home automation, elegant bathrooms and modular kitchen. The architect of the project is a perfect mix of contemporary designs with modern styles fostering holistic ambiance all around. 4. Robust security: Lodha ensures safety and security of its residents that include – The gated residential complex incorporates a comprehensive range of security measures. A advanced technologies to create a secured living environment for the residents. The residential project has 24/7 manned security with trained guards at the entry and exit points, their presence provides visible deterrent to unauthorized individuals ensuring vigilant watch all over the premises. The project features access control system including electronic key cards or biometric scanners, to regulate the entry into the premise. Moreover, the network of high resolution CCTV cameras strategically placed all through the complex, covering key areas like entrances, common spaces and parking lots. With the help of real time monitoring the security personnel can respond to any untoward activities immediately. Intercom system and video calling facilities installed in all the apartments enable the residents to verify and identify the visitors before granting access. The residential space is fortified with secured perimeter fencing and controlled access points. The physical barrier of Lodha Worli Mumbai prevents unauthorized entry, creating a secured boundary around the community. Regular patrolling of premises including common areas and parking spaces deters any potential threats. Emergency response team with the trained security personnel can handle emergencies like fire accidents, medical issues, or security threats. 5. Lush greenery and sustainability: Lodha luxury homes in Worli are green certified homes that embrace pristine views of nature’s beauty all around. The project spread with verdant gardens and manicured greenery that connects the residents with the pristine beauty of nature. Lodha also committed to minimize emissions significantly and thus they focus on sustainable living. The eco-friendly initiatives like rain water harvesting, energy saving measures. Moreover, a waste management system minimize the carbon footprint on the environment by meeting. The needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. Lodha luxury apartment In Mumbai also is a great investment opportunity yielding higher returns on the investment apart from assured rental income. Lodha Worli Mumbai also are the perfect epitome of elite lifestyle beyond imagination. Gallery Project Images Project Images Project Images Enquiry Now Location Map About Lodha Group With the world's greatest developments, Lodha has been transforming living standards. Examples include creating the most opulent homes on the planet like Lodha Worli Mumbai or giving India its most renowned address; adorning Mumbai's skyline with a glittering icon or creating designer residences for the city's glitterati; thoroughly planning or creating India's highest smart city with the highest livability index, and so forth. As one of the leading manufacturers in India, they offer the latest worldwide advancements to people from a variety of backgrounds, budgets, and places. They can unquestionably accomplish quality and scalability faster than anybody else in the nation. By establishing the finest international associations, hiring the best personnel and practices, surpassing client expectations, and raising the standard for excellence, Lodha has been able to produce the greatest office, retail, and residential complexes on a worldwide scale. Because of this, we have continuously won our clients' confidence and gratitude. Disclaimer This is not a official website of developer. This website only for information purpose. Lodha Worli Mumbai I AM INTERESTED × Submit