Grandstream India - Networking & Unified Communications info@grandstreamindia.co.in +91 9999-284-312 (Sales) Networking Products Indoor Wi-Fi Access Points Outdoor Wi-Fi Access Points Gigabit Routers Network Switches Network Management Solution Small Offices Solutions Smarter Home Solutions Security & Surveillance Enterprise & Manufacturing Education & Hospitality Real Estate Unified Communications UCM6300 Ecosystem UCM RemoteConnect UCM6300 Series UCM6300 Audio Series Wave IP PBXs UCM Series IP PBXs IP Voice Telephony Carrier-Grade IP Phones Hotel Phones GXP Series IP Phones Wave IP Video Telephony IP Video Phones for Android Extension Modules Business Conferencing Full HD Conferencing Audio Conferencing Personal Collaboration Devices Headsets Webcams Facility Management Control Stations Full HD IP Cameras Intercoms & Paging Facility Access Systems IP Video Encoders/Decoders Video Management Software Facility Management Control Stations Full HD IP Cameras Intercoms & Paging Facility Access Systems IP Video Encoders/Decoders Video Management Software Gateways and ATAs VoIP Gateways Analog Telephone Adaptors Device Management GDMS Contact Us Networking Products Indoor Wi-Fi Access Points Outdoor Wi-Fi Access Points Gigabit Routers Network Switches Network Management Solution Small Offices Solutions Smarter Home Solutions Security & Surveillance Enterprise & Manufacturing Education & Hospitality Real Estate Unified Communications UCM6300 Ecosystem UCM RemoteConnect UCM6300 Series UCM6300 Audio Series Wave IP PBXs UCM Series IP PBXs IP Voice Telephony Carrier-Grade IP Phones Hotel Phones GXP Series IP Phones Wave IP Video Telephony IP Video Phones for Android Extension Modules Business Conferencing Full HD Conferencing Audio Conferencing Personal Collaboration Devices Headsets Webcams Facility Management Control Stations Full HD IP Cameras Intercoms & Paging Facility Access Systems IP Video Encoders/Decoders Video Management Software Facility Management Control Stations Full HD IP Cameras Intercoms & Paging Facility Access Systems IP Video Encoders/Decoders Video Management Software Gateways and ATAs VoIP Gateways Analog Telephone Adaptors Device Management GDMS Support D-92, Third Floor, Sector-63, Noida, UP-201301, India +91 9999-284-312 (Sales) info@grandstreamindia.co.in Award-winning Networking & UC solutions Grandstream India is one of the known and most trusted companies to manufacture high-quality IP voice and video telephony, video surveillance products and video conferencing since the year 2002. DISCOVER MORE Best ONE STOP SOLUTIONS Amazing SERVICE & SUPPORT Proper ON TIME DELIVERY Our GLOBAL PRESENCE Grandstream Most Demanding Products. Wi-Fi Access Points Networking Solutions Network Switches 3-Year Warranty Guaranteed. IP Voice Telephony Unified Communications Wi-Fi Access Points VIEW ALL Products 20 Year Experience About Grandstream India GREAT Solutions For Your Business Grandstream India is an award-winning designer and certified manufacturer of next-generation IP voice and video products for broadband networks. Grandstream's products deliver superb sound and picture quality, rich telephony features, full compliance with industry standards, and broad interoperability with most service providers and 3rd party SIP based VoIP products. Grandstream India is consistently recognized in the VoIP industry for its affordability, innovation, and superior value in their products. Grandstream India has a comprehensive and expanding portfolio of innovative IP voice and video products, a large deployed base, top tier customers, and established distribution channels across the globe. READ MORE Our Best Products WHAT Products WE’RE OFFERING. Business Conferencing Next-Generation Grandstream Business conferencing tools offer simple installation, versatility, and robust capabilities for small to medium-sized enterprises. IP Voice Telephony Grandstream fulfills all requirements by offering ideal IP phones for every business ranging from basic, mid-tier, premium, cordless, and video phones. Networking Solutions The GWN Networking Solutions series delivers robust, secure networks with an extensive coverage area, boosting top-tier setup and management capabilities. Physical Security Grandstream offers a comprehensive suite of physical security solutions, ensuring any location is safeguarded, managed, and monitored effectively. Gateways and ATAs Some of the world's leading service providers use Grandstream's extensive selection of Gateways and ATAs to easily integrate individual analog phones. IP PBX Grandstream's UCM series of IP PBXs offers a comprehensive set of unified communication features in easy-to-use on-site IP PBXs, all free of licensing charges. What makes Grandstream India the right choice? Grandstream India is dedicated to continuously positioning itself as a top-tier telephony solution provider. To fulfil this ambition, we believe in these 4 core principles. Quality Is Imperative High-Performance World-Class Solutions Customer Is The King Our Visionary Team Meet the leaders. Mr.Rajiv Goyal Managing Director Mrs.Parul Goyal Vice President Mr.Jitendra Bakshi Director Sales Mr.Sanjeev Sharma Director Sales- ISP Vertical 30K+ HAPPY CUSTOMERS 90+ SKILLED EMPLOYEES 27K+ PROJECT COMPLETED 120+ ACHIEVE DTROPHY AWARDS Testimonials Customer's Awesome Feedback. I purchased Networking solutions from Grandstream India and set up my communication and internet infrastructure in my office. I highly recommend Grandstream India for its high-quality, durable and efficient VoIP and FTTH solutions for home and office uses. Rohit sharma I am happy and satisfied with the expert and friendly support from Grandstream India that resolves my issue and query. The experts are polite and respond in a single call. I have been using Grandstream Solutions for years and in my personal experience this is one of the best tech teams I ever interacted with. Manoj Kumar I was searching for high-quality and affordable gigabit switches to set up my office network infrastructure and I found Grandstream India, one of the leading grandstream solution providers provided us with the latest switches that are not only affordable but the perfect device for office and enterprises Nitin Singh Do You Have a Project In Your Mind ? CONTACT NOW VoIP Support Award-winning NETWORKING & UC SOLUTIONS Cutting Edge Products Cutting edge IP products and solutions Grandstream stands for excellence, dependability, and innovation. With Our distinguished products, businesses achieve unparalleled productivity. We are deeply committed to providing unmatched quality. Read More Connect World We connect you to the world Grandstream is an award-winning and trusted top-notch manufacturer and service provider, offering seamless, high-quality unmatched professional, home, small and medium enterprises, and business solutions in over 150 countries. Read More Quality and Support Superior quality tools and support products Grandstream is dedicated to delivering customers access to top-tier, high-end technical tools and communication products, to industry, enterprises, businesses and homes for seamless and smooth communication. Read More Grandstream Authorized National Distributor Get in Touch with Grandstream India! Call Now or WhatsApp +91 9999-284-312 Grandstream one of the known and most trusted companies to manufacture high-quality IP voice and video telephony, video surveillance products and video conferencing since the year 2002. Products Categories IP PBXs IP Phones Gateways & ATAs Wifi Access Points Switches & Routers Facility Management Useful Links FAQ About Us Customer Support Privacy Policy Disclaimer Site Map Contact Information D-92, Third Floor, Sector-63, Noida, UP-201301, India +91 9999-284-312 (Sales) info@grandstreamindia.co.in © 2023 — Grandstream India. All Rights Reserved.