OnVenture - Professional Services Firm For Entrepreneurs What We Do Accounting, Tax & Advisory Bookkeeping Estate Planning & Asset Protection Personal & Business Finance Digital Xero Conversions HR & Recruitment New Business Start-Up Wealth Management You Hospitality Professional Services Retail Trades News Contact Us Search for: Search Your success is our priorityRegardless of where you are, starting up, growing, or planning your exit and retirement, we can optimise your situation and formulate a solution which meets you and your family needs and dreams, maximise your return on your investments and hard work, minimise your tax, master your back-office administration and mitigate your business and investment risks. Accounting, Tax & Advisory Private Wealth Book a consultation Live the life you dreamed aboutUse our expert business advisory, advanced estate planning, tax and debt structuring strategies to effectively grow your business, improve your returns and build wealth, protect your business and personal assets in life and at death, minimise tax and secure your families legacy. Estate Planning & Asset Protection Private Wealth Book a consultation Professional Finance Brokers. Our clients reduce debt, build wealth, and retire sooner.Once we’ve gained an in-depth understanding of your financial needs, we will make sure your loan structure and products meet your specific circumstances and your investment strategy, not only now but well into the future. Loan Solutions Book a consultation Its About You We think about and solve the complex challenges to help you create, grow and protect your wealth & live your best life, so you don't need to! Your Family Wealth Prioritise you and your family's financial wellbeing by implementing a financial plan, structure your assets and investments to maximise returns and protect your assets in life and at death, reduce your debt, leverage other people money to create wealth, minimise your personal risks, compliance and tax Your Business Success Regardless of your business stage, leverage our team of business advisory experts to grow your business, transition to digital, leverage debt for growth, protect your assets, acquire and retain talent, gain insights and make better decisions, reduce your administrative burdens, minimise your tax and implement your exit strategy What We Do Accounting & Tax Accounting & Tax doesn't need to be complicated. Join our growing number of clients who enjoy a proactive Tax Accountant with... Read More Business Advisory Use technology to drive efficiency and scale, gain fresh prospectives to grow your business and reach your goals with confidence. Read More Bookkeeping Is there a better way to meet your bookkeeping obligations? There sure is! Eliminate costly bookkeeping errors, reduce the time and... Read More Business Start-Up Setup your Business or Investment Trust with the right structures and rules to achieve the best tax effective and asset protection outcomes.. Read More Digital Solutions Digital transformations, business systems, automation, websites and digital marketing solutions... Read More Lending Solutions In need of business loans, asset finance or personal and home loans? We have loan solutions... Read More HR & Recruitment A small business depends on great people much more than a large company does. Your staff represent your business... Read More Estate Planning Protect your family's assets during life and after death. Succession, estate planning & asset protection solutions... Read More Financial Planning Have big dreams? Create, grow and protect your family wealth and live your best life. OnVenture’s unique approach to financial planning... Read More Leverage Our Cloud Technology Expertise A professional services firm which was born in the cloud is able manage your digital transition and challenges unique to your business and position you for success Professionals Architects, Consultants, Creatives, Engineers & IT Service businesses can leverage technology, industry knowhow and bookkeeping mastery to reduce low value admin time, grow profits & improve cashflow Hospitality Cafes, Coffee Shops, Restaurants, Clubs, Pubs, any Hospitality business can leverage technology, industry knowhow and bookkeeping mastery to reduce low value admin time, grow profits & improve cashflow Retail Retail, Wholesale & E-commerce based businesses regardless of sub industry can leverage technology, industry knowhow and bookkeeping mastery to reduce low value admin time, grow profits & improve cashflow Trades Builders, Electricians, Plumbers, Mechanics, Transport Co's any services business can leverage technology, industry knowhow and bookkeeping mastery to reduce low value admin time, grow profits & improve cashflow Our Technology Partners Bryan Garrard CEO & Founder Create, Grow & Protect Your Wealth & Live Your Best Life Every day we speak to hard working business owners and property investors who have setup the wrong structures to effectively grow and scale their business and wealth, protect their assets in life and in the event of incapacitation or death, minimise their tax and improve their returns. It’s often not their fault, they relied on advice from their accountant or lawyer who are unfortunately unconsciously incompetent and think a standard discretionary trust and basic wills are the solutions to all things! Additionally, many of these same people use outdated debt structuring strategies for their home and investments resulting in home loans taking far too long to be paid off and lost opportunities to leverage other people’s money to reduce interest, minimise your tax and build the wealth and financial security most of us only dream about. Many business owners are often buried by the day-to-day tasks and challenges, struggle with underperforming businesses and due to the fear of failure procrastinate and don’t focus their energy on what really counts. Many people, in business or not, sense something isn’t right, see others forging ahead and fear missing out but find themselves wondering without taking action. Are you protecting your business and family’s wealth? If you are the director of your company or Trustee, what happens if you become incapacitated or die? Who legally can take control of your business, deal with the ATO, banks, business partners etc or your investments? Most often no one without expensive supreme court intervention. If that’s not eye opening enough, given more than 50% of deceased estates now end up with family provisions claims, how do you avoid your business, the value of your assets, your legacy, being held up in your deceased estate while being whittled down by lawyers’ fees defending family provisions claims? What a gift to leave your loved ones! The best time to take control of your finances is today. As a professional services group of accountants, business advisors, tax specialists, succession and estate planners, financial planners, mortgage brokers, property experts, lawyers, and IT wizards, we are focused on delivering the type of business advisory and family back office and advisory board solutions only available in the past to the incredibly wealthy and most financially astute. Regardless of where you are, starting up, growing, or planning your exit and retirement, we can optimise your situation and formulate a solution which meets you and your family needs and dreams, maximise your return on your investments and hard work, truly protect your assets and secure your family legacy. Have a chat with Bryan today to begin your journey towards business success, financial freedom and living your very best life, and like so many of our clients, look back on your meeting with OnVenture as the first step towards real success and financial confidence. Why Choose Us As tech savvy Tax Accountants and business consultants we have a wealth of experience and best practice industry solutions which clients leverage to achieve their goals, turn challenges into opportunities, grow and prosper. We do the day to day compliance things as good as anyone but there are four key areas we outperform other service providers in. Focused On Your Success OnVenture is a professional services group and your team of business, tax, estate planning, finance and private wealth experts helping you understand your financials and risks, improve your business, minimise your tax, mitigate life's risks and ultimately grow and protect your family wealth. Cloud Solution Specialists As a firm created and maintained in the cloud we are masters in cloud solutions! OnVenture are Xero and add-on solution specialists helping hospitality, retail, professional services and trades businesses choose and implement the best software and processes that meet your specific needs. Predicable Fixed Fees Avoid bill shock with our predicable fixed fees! Clients enjoy our once off or monthly fixed fee plans to avoid nasty surprises and to have confidence everything is completed to an agreed budget. Unlimited Support Bookkeeping and accounting plans can include unlimited accounting software, bookkeeping and tax advice so you have whatever advice you need to manage your business without worrying about the cost. Our Happy Customers Bryan helped us improve every area of the club, dramatically increase memberships and drive our surplus from annual $150k to $1.5m a year. Barrie Goldsbury Ex-President, Phillip Island RSL Bryan’s work is consistently of high standard and he is an invaluable consultant to Yoga Australia in terms of our financial processes. Shyamala Benakovic General Manger, Yoga Australia Bryan has been our CFO for over 12 years and during this time has helped our business grow from a modest single truck operation to now a fleet of 6 trucks and a pass-up team. Steven Garrard Director, Stevo’s Freight He is very easy to talk to and is extremely patient in explaining any questions we have had, and offers us continuous consulting as required. Anthony Russo Director, Orchard Design I would have no hesitation in recommending him in any bookkeeping or accounting endeavor. Annie Strauch Director, Performance Medicine Bryan set up our accounts within Xero in a way that allowed us to maintain our books on a day-to-day basis with minimum fuss Nicholas Russo Director, Branch Studio Architects Bryan was able to effectively grasp our business and put into place very efficient solutions that saved me a lot of time and frustration Robert Calabrese Director, Digital Blueprint After a couple of sessions I was quite confident in using Xero Greg Wilson Owner, Reg's Lawn & Garden Care Helped us replace our failing paper based system to project/job management software and we couldn't be more happy with the results! Rick Smith Owner, Impact Floors Onventure recommended Xero and I now understand why! Michael Oregan Director, FX Towing Read More Our Recent Articles The Rates That Stop A Nation – RBA Raises Ca... 07, November , 2023 While millions were looking for a winner at the Melbourne Cup the Reserve Bank has resumed hiking its Read More 0 Tax Time 2023... OnVenture 03, July , 2023 Are you ready for this year's personal tax return? Here are our 2023 Tax Time Tips! Your Tax Read More 0 Start Of Business Year 2024 Requirements... 03, July , 2023 Here's a few important reminders about what business operators should put in place and be aware of for Read More 0 FREE DOWNLOAD: 10 Steps to improve profit & cashflow in your businessYour 10 easy to follow steps to immediately improve your business's profit, cashflow and reduce your administration time and costs. Also has bonus client case studies and our tips on the best cloud software solutions for your industry OnVenture is a professional services firm of accountants, business advisors, tax specialists, succession and estate planners, financial planners, mortgage brokers, property experts, lawyers, and IT wizards who are committed to maximising your business profits, your returns, minimising your tax and protecting your family's assets. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation Follow us Usefull linkYou What We Do Contact Contact Info Level 10, 555 Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, Victoria, 3000 Level 2, 66 Victor Crescent, Narre Warren, Vic, 3805 info@onventure.com.au 1300 300 013 Leave this field empty if you're human: © OnVenture 2019 OnVenture Privacy Policy Contact Us