Bus Tour to Europe 2023 - Kaliningrad Intercut our services river cruise coats for Russia Department Campalingradsk Region Home Tours Austria Belorussia Hungary Germany Holland Greece Spain Litva Norway Poland Romania Dinland France Croatia Switzeria Sweden Aviation Aviation of Aviation Avia from Kaliningrad Aviation From Moscow andRussia of Aviations from the Baltic States of Avia from Poland Medical Tours of Belarus Israel Lithuania Poland Russia Czech Republic Kaliningrad Contacts Main Menu departures from Kaliningrad Sochi reservation from Kaliningrad and other cities ... Abkhazia Tura to Abkhazia ... In Russia, tours throughout Russia through Moscow ...Turkey - Antalya coast Turkey - Antalyan coast ... therapeutic and health tours of the medical sanatoriums of Belarus ... therapeutic resorts of the Czechs of the Czech Vary, Mariana Laznaya, Frantishkova laziness ... Therapeutic residents of Israel treatment on the Dead Sea ... Therapeutic resorts of Lithuania are one of the LithuaniaThe most popular resorts in Europe are Druskininkai ... Therapeutic resorts of Russia in the Moscow Region, the middle strip of Russia, the Caucasus, the Black Sea coast, the Crimea ... Poland medical resorts are one of the most famous resorts in Poland ... Excursion programs for the Kaliningrad region resorts Svetlogorsk +Amber resorts Svetlogorsk + amber ” / Amber quarry!Duration: 8 hours.Dates: Friday, Sunday time of departure: 9.00 from Kaliningrad (place - clarify) Kurshskaya braid + Zelenogradsk Curonian Boat - “Long Road to the Dunes” + Zelenogradsk Liflation of the route: 165 km.Duration: 8 hours.Departure time: 9:00.Days: Thursday History of Koenigsberg - Kaliningrad Busel -Pester -Processing Sighting Excursion on Kaliningrad Days: Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Sunday Duration: 3 hours.Castle Shaaken Castle Shaaken + Syrovarnya + Chocolate Factory “Shaaken Dorf” + External Inspection of the Nesselbek Date Castle: Saturdays at 10.00 (clarify!) Time of excursion program: 5 hours.The length of the route is 50 km.In the shadow of knightly castles.Prussian chronicles length of the route: 75 km Time of excursion program: 6.5 hours.Day: Wednesday.Excursion: 10.00 Baltiysk + Amber Baltic + Amber / Amber Career Excursion Duration - 7 hours to help the tourist Types of food in hotel -teca thermalities of the buildings of the beds of the nomor -placement in the numbers of species from the window of the Kaliningrad -Inga LLC, operates in the Kaliningrad -Kaliningrada tourist services market.2005.The field of our activity is extensive.At your service, bus tours to Europe, aircraft from Kaliningrad, Moscow, Poland, Lithuania.For those who wish to strengthen their health, we offer a wide selection of medical tours in the resorts of Russia and foreign countries.We work only with trusted and reliable partners in any direction.Come and we will help organize any rest you are interested in.Kaliningrad, st.Chernyakhovsky 6, office 209. Tel.8-4012-61-69-65, 8-4012-61-69-44, inturggd@gmail.com Politics of personal data processing.We offer: beach holidays, sightseeing tours, exotic tours.Home Tours Austria Belarus Hungary Germany Holland Greece Greece Spain Spain Latvia Lithuania Norway Poland Romania Slovakia Finland France Croatia Montenegro Czech Republic Switzerland of the Slovenia of Avia of Aviation of Avia from Moscow Aviations from the Baltic States of Poland Medical Tours of Belorussia VARHIA CHEP NingradContacts top WE USE COOKies to IMPROVE OUR WebSITE.By Continuing to Use This Website, You are giving consent to cookies Being Used.More Details ...