Al-Aatif Buffalo Meat Exports Hello our valued visitor, We present you the best web solutions and high quality graphic designs with a lot of features. just login to your account and enjoy ... Remember me ! Forgot your password ? Patterns for Fixed Layout alatif640@gmail.com Call Us: +91-7351005999,9149122574,01212-515090 Login Home About Us Introduction Director Message History Products Buffalo Meat Fruits Facility Certificates Gallery Contact Frozen Cheak Meat Frozen Rump Steak Frozen Top Side Chicken Paws Al Atif Buffalo Meat Exporters Al-Atif Food Buffalo Meat Exports is managed by the professionals who are highly efficient, motivated and leave not a single stone unturned, either it be selection of livestock, maintenance of hygienic conditions, packaging or delivery of processed meat. DirectorMessage The Management is committed to continue never - ending efforts to enhance customer satisfaction through Quality Management System for sales & service.” We are a client-centric organisation and shall strive and remain dedicated to achieve customer delight. Read More OurHistory In the leadership of Haji Atif the visionary M.D. and the key person behind the Al-atif group. Haji Atif is philanthropist involved in development of educational, health care and other social activities. Read More OurProducts We aim to provide our customers a whole new experience in meat consumption. Our products are known for their tenderness, freshness and high shelf life. Read More OurFacilities Air-conditioned de-boning, fresh packing and frozen packing facilities have been built where a temperature of 12 Degree Celsius is ensured during various stages of these processes. Disinfected stainless steel knives... Read More Welcome To Al-Atif Fresh frozen boneless buffalo meet buffalo ofals and mostly demanded item salted omasome and frozen omasome. Al-Atif Buffalo Meat Exports was established in year 2008-2009 as Meat Merchant for frozen halal boneless bufellow meat all over India. It has evolved as a pioneering company engaged in complete supplying premium quality, hygienically packed frozen halal meat, frozen buffalo meat, de-greased bone chips, salted omasum, dry trachea and a variety of animal by-products. Recent Products We aim to provide our customers a whole new experience in meat consumption. Our products are known for their tenderness, freshness and high shelf life. Frozen Buffalo Tail Frozen Silver Side Frozen Paddy Wack Shin & Shank Frozen Thick Flank PFrozen Tongue Our Certifications Main Menu Home Inftroduction History Infrastructure Facility Main Menu Director Message Gallery Enquiry Contact Us Products Frozen Halal buffalo Meat Chuck tender Tripe Honey & Comb Salted Omasum, Aorta Black Nose Bone Keep in Touch 276, Kothi Atanas, Jali Kothi Meerut (U.P.) India - 250002 alatif640@gmail.com +91 01212-515090 (Office) 91-7351005999,9149122574 © Copyright Al Atif Buffalo Meat Exporters 2014. All rights reserved.