Rotaract in RID3220 - Official website of Rotaract in Rotary International District 3220HomeAbout UsBlogContact Us PreviousRotaract Champions League: Day 01 The first day of the premier sports tournament of Rotaract in RID 3220, the Rotaract Champions League was held in November and was a memorable day of friendly competition and sportsmanship. The 33rd Rotaract District Assembly The 33rd Rotaract District Assembly, held on the 17th of July 2023 at Waters Edge Hotel - Colombo, marked the official commencement of Rotaract for the Rotary International year of 2023-24. Peaසාனம் Phase 01: Diwali, of project Peasanam took place in Kandy. The festivities of Diwali coupled with good and drink, made it all the more memorable!. Rotaract Champions League: Day 01 The first day of the premier sports tournament of Rotaract in RID 3220, the Rotaract Champions League was held in November and was a memorable day of friendly competition and sportsmanship. The 33rd Rotaract District Assembly The 33rd Rotaract District Assembly, held on the 17th of July 2023 at Waters Edge Hotel - Colombo, marked the official commencement of Rotaract for the Rotary International year of 2023-24. Peaසාனம் Phase 01: Diwali, of project Peasanam took place in Kandy. The festivities of Diwali coupled with good and drink, made it all the more memorable!. Rotaract Champions League: Day 01 The first day of the premier sports tournament of Rotaract in RID 3220, the Rotaract Champions League was held in November and was a memorable day of friendly competition and sportsmanship. Next123Who We AreRotaract in Rotary International District 3220 is the administrative body of Rotaract in Sri Lanka & Maldives, led by the fiery leadership of Rtr. PP Sathma Jayasinghe for the year 2023-24. This vibrant organisation is home to 90+ Rotaract Clubs consisting of 5000+ passionate Rotaractors serving the movement in various calibres from across the island. 89Active Clubs5474Active Membership1300Completed Projects Our AvenuesRotaract in RID 3220 conducts its operations under several Avenues, each Avenue playing a major role in directing the movement’s efforts towards key areas of focus, which facilitate the accomplishment of its objectives.Club Service Focuses on fostering fellowship within a club to strengthen its membership and its capacity to accomplish its objectives.Community Service An avenue where tasks are undertaken that would result in the upliftment of the outer community revolving around Rotary and Rotaract.Professional Development Strives for the development of professional competence of individual members and the movement as a whole.International Service Endeavors in extending the humanitarian reach of Rotaract across borders to communities around the globe.Public Relations & Editorial Enhances the public perception regarding Rotaract through the use of available media.Sports and Recreation Focuses on utilizing sports and recreational activities to uplift physical and mental wellbeing as well as foster fellowship.Regional Engagement Enhances inter-zonal relationships and engagement of Rotaract clubs within RID 3220.Digital Service Incorporates the latest technological resources to enhance the impact of the Rotaract movement on the world.Organization Development Fostering collaboration and communication to propel Rotaract movement towards sustained growth.Strategic Alliance Accelerates partnership synergies, leveraging shared resources and expertise for mutual growth and innovation. Our StoriesRotaract in Rotary International District 3220 has created immense value for our communities through our many initiatives powered by the youth. Take a look at the countless stories we have written through the years in service.Editorial The Powder Blue Post: Vol 01Fri, 15 Dec 2023View All Stories Join With UsDo you want to be a part of a global movement and dedicate yourself to making the world a better place? Join with us today!Rtr. Haneef MohamedJoint Director - Strategic AllianceRtr. Reshaka WeerasingheJoint Rotaract District TreasurerYour NameYour EmailYour MessageSend Message