Faculty of Law Home About Programme Staff Contact Kwara State University Faculty of Law Get Started Kwara State University Faculty of Law Get Started Kwara State University Faculty of Law Get Started WELCOME TO NOTE You are welcome to the Faculty of Law of Kwara State University, Malete the Green University for Community Development and Entrepreneurship. The website provides all that you need to know about history as well as the vision, mission and goals of the Faculty. Prof. Abiodun Amuda Kannike SANPioneer Dean, Faculty of Law BRIEF HISTORY OF THE FACULTY The university Senate and Council of the Kwara State University, Malete (KWASU) approved the establishment of the Faculty of Law in the year 2018. The faculty took off with three programmes, namely Business and Private Law, Jurisprudence and Public Law and Islamic Law. There are three departments in the Faculty of Law. The Department of Business and Private Law was one of the three departments in the faculty. It has two (2) Visiting Professors, one of whom is a High Court Judge and who was the pioneer Head of the Department, two Senior Lecturer and two contract staff. The Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law, which was one of the three foundation departments, runs the two programmes. It has seven academic staff, including one Full Professor and an Associate Professor, one Senior Lecturer, two Lecturer I and one Lecturer II. MISSION/VISION/GOALS STATEMENT MISSION : To be the foremost institution in expanding the frontiers of knowledge, and innovation and to produce law graduates of distinction committed to long learning, integrity and professionalism, and capable of being responsible leaders in our community. VISION : To be a beacon of excellence and innovation in Management and Social Sciences education, research, and societal impact. We aspire to empower our students to become forward-thinking leaders, equipped with the knowledge and skills to navigate the complexities of the global landscape, and to contribute meaningfully to the betterment of our communities and the world. GOALS : The aim of the programmes in the Faculty of Law is to stimulate excellent research and writing skills based on a stronger foundation and a better understanding of the role of law in a contemporary context. OBJECTIVES : To ensure that Law is taught as it exists at any given time and that every law student adopts a comparative approach to legal studies bearing in mind that there are many systems of law in operation. To enable students to assume broader responsibilities in the rapidly changing environment. To encourage the production of legal experts and researchers who will be equipped with relevant ICT knowledge and skills. To provide, through training and orientation, an appreciation of the growing relevance of a multi-disciplinary approach to the solution of complex life problems and the role of law therein. PROGRAMMES The Faculty of Law has Three Departments: Department of Business and Private Law Department of Jurisprudence and Public Law Department of Islamic Law OUR STAFF Prof. Abiodun Amuda Kannike SAN Faculty Dean Email: amuda.kannike@kwasu.edu.ng Walliyyullahi Ibrahim Alase Faculty Officer Email:alliyyullahi.Ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Contact us --> Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Faculty of Law , Kwara State University, Malete. . Dean Prof. Abiodun Amuda Kannike SAN Email:amuda.kannike@kwasu.edu.ng Faculty Officer Walliyyullahi Ibrahim Alase Email:alliyyullahi.Ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Romawibet Rajavigor https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/