Faculty Of Information And Communication Technology Home About Programme Staff Contact Kwara State University Faculty Of Information And Communication Technology Get Started Kwara State University Faculty Of Information And Communication Technology Get Started Kwara State University Faculty Of Information And Communication Technology Get Started WELCOME TO THE FACULTY OF INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY Welcome Note It is my pleasure to welcome you to our faculty, the Faculty of Information and Communication Technology. The faculty is a knowledge house for 21st-century computer scientists, mass communicators, and professional librarians. We have a cream of committed academics honed with empirical and cutting-edge research skills who are working hard to train manpower for a competitive and ICT-driven knowledge economy. Our enthusiastic students find in our academic staff commitment and excellent service delivery that is unparalleled. Our learner-friendly classroom environment, teaching laboratories, and studios are equipped to give students industry-ready skills that make them highly sought-after graduates. Thus, as you tourour site, we invite you to savour our unique programmes and educational services. Contact us on any of our research that may be of interest to you and what you do. Thank you for visiting our site. Please share with us your experience, suggestions, or advice. Dr. Isiaka Zubair Aliagan, Acting Dean. • BRIEF HISTORY OF THE FACULTY The Faculty of Information and Communication Technology (previously College of Information and Communication Technology) is one of the foundation colleges/faculties in Kwara State University, which took off in the 2009/2010 academic session. It started with two departments namely; Computer Science (which also ran the Library and Information Science discipline) and Mass Communication. In 2011, the Library and Information Science Department was created out of Computer Science. The foundation Provost of the college was Professor Innocent Okoye (2009-2017) who was succeeded by Professor Kazeem Alagbe Gbolagade. • ACHIEVEMENTS/PLANS Some of the achievements of the faculty include: 2023 Faculty Workshop The Faculty of Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Kwara State University (KWASU), Malete, held its first and second Faculty Workshop Series for the 2022–2023 Academic Session as part of efforts to improve the capability of its employees. Dr. Rasaq Adisa, a Sabbatical Senior Lecturer with the Department of Mass Communication, presented the first workshop on Thursday, February 9, 2023, on the subject of "Qualitative Research Paradigm, Data Management, and Analysis Using Nvivo Software," and the second workshop for the 2022–2023 academic session was held on Wednesday, June 14, 2023. Professor Abdulwahab Olanrewaju Issa, a sabbatical professor in the Department of Library and Information Science, served as the resource personnel for this. "The Place of Academic Culture and Mentorship in the University System: A Librarian Perspective" was the title of his talk. After the first faculty workshop, a research committee was established under the headship of Professor Abdulwahab Issa of the Department of Library and Information Science. The Committee will suggest research topics and presenters for upcoming Faculty workshops. First Edition of FICT Bulletin The Faculty of Information and Communication Technology Bulletin's first issue was published in February 2023 in collaboration with the National Association of Information and Communication Technology Students (NAICTS). The 8-page bulletin covered a variety of topics, including events at the institution, Malete, and Environ. FICT Under CCTV Coverage To increase safety in the faculty area and to effectively monitor and invigilate exams, Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) was installed across the Faculty of Information and Communication Technology. This project was in collaboration with the National Association of Information and Communication Technology Students (NAICTS). The CCTV cameras were set up, among other places, in the faculty's front and back entrances, hallways, and exam rooms. By the 2023–2024 academic year, the faculty hopes to have complete CCTV surveillance in every classroom. KJICT JournalThe faculty journal, KWASU Journal of Information, Communication, and Technology (KJICT) will soon publish its first issue. It is a peer-reviewed, high-quality, twice-yearly publication for academics and researchers in all fields of mass communication, computer science, engineering, information science, library science, statistics, and telecommunication science. KJICT promotes the exchange of original and current, grant-based research, literature reviews, and practical developments protected by copyright. KJICT is to be published in June and December each year. Cash Prizes for Faculty Scholars The procession and presentation of cash prizes to student scholars selected from the three departments that made up the faculty were some of the major highlights of the Faculty Orientation programme held on Wednesday, February 1, 2023. The gesture, according to the acting dean, Dr. Isiaka Zubair Aliagan, was made to encourage healthy academic rivalry and to increase students' enthusiasm for learning and academic performance. • DEPARTMENT/UNITS There are three departments in the faculty. These are the Departments of Computer Science, Library and Information Science, and Mass Communication. While the Departments of Computer Science and Mass Communication run a 4-year B.Sc. degree programme, the Department of Library and Information Science runs a 4-year Bachelor of Library and Information Science (BLIS). • PROGRAMMES/ACTIVITIES As part of efforts to enhance the capacity of its staff, the Faculty of Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Kwara State University (KWASU), Malete, runs a seasonal workshop (once every semester) for the academic staff. It publishes a periodic faculty bulletin, FICT Bulletin, and a bi-annual journal, KWASU Journal of Information, Communication and Technology. CONTACT Dean's Office, Faculty of Information and Communication Technology, Kwara State University, Malete OUR STAFF Dr. Isiaka Zubair Aliagan Acting Dean Email: isiaka.aliagan@kwasu.edu.ng Funsho Idris Faculty Officer/Principal Assistant Registrar Email:funsho.idris @kwasu.edu.ng Ahmad Kuranga Assistant Faculty Officer/Administrative Assistant Olawuyi Ademola Martins Assistant Faculty Officer/Administrative Assistant Contact us --> Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Faculty Of Information And Communication Technology, Kwara State University, Malete. Dean's Office Kwara State University, Malete © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/