Next Gen Customer Care (044) 24450719 Login Home About Services Hard Services Soft Services Payrolling Services Gallery News Contact Reducing Complexity through Integrated Services Delivering outstanding value, continuous innovation and an exceptional customer experience through exceeding expectations. Worthy & Reliable Facility Management Services We ensure sustainable facilities management solutions within industry regulations. Experience, Expertise work ethics define Us Cost effective solutions for growing solutions. Call Us! Who We Are About Us Mission To provide a work environment that empowers and motivates staff to provide our clients with the best possible service in keeping with our core values of Accountability, Commitment, Integrity, and Respect. Vision To be recognized as the leader in providing facility management services by delivering outstanding value, continuous innovation and an exceptional customer experience through exceeding expectations of valued clients. Facilty Management Our growing focus on integrated, technology-enabled facility management solutions delivers efficiency to our clients, which in turn facilitates our goal of accelerating productivity and growth. Technical Services Our engineers with diverse skills and extensive domain expertise in MEP services ensures flexible solutions for our customers and assures efficient deliveries whenever its needed. Home Cleaning Based on decades of knowledge, we know that cleaning helps to protect your asset. As the industry leader, we’re dedicated to deliver the most excellent cleaning services you find. Housekeeping Services We ensure a prompt and quality work to meet the precise requirements of clients. We believe in 100% satisfaction of clients through detailed, technology driven, innovative and cost-effective cleaning / housekeeping services. Pest Control We take pride in providing good quality pest control services to our customers and we assure that our customers’ needs are taken care, so that your house remains pest free even after the services. Contract Staffing NextGen provides complete staffing and recruitment solutions, sourcing and supplying quality staff for factories and manufacturing companies on contract and temporary basis. Payroll Management With years of experience and research, our staffs and clients enjoy authentic and hassle free payroll services with timely delivery. We provide a shortcut to take our resource management to a higher level because we believe that payroll is not just about people. Core Values Excellence We develop and deliver information, products and services to standards of the highest quality. Innovation We encourage innovation to improve all the ways in which the association pursues its mission. Integrity We uphold honesty, ethical practices and environmental responsibility in our involvement with staff. Leadership We inspire each other to achieve and grow through a shared vision and passion to excel through positive relationship Development We support the development of our people, association and profession through dynamic synergies. Careers Does everything looks interesting? Do you have a right skillset and wanted to be a part of our team! Reach Us! Contact Us Technology Driven Solutions At NextGen we aim to deliver smart, integrated facilities management services that can help your organisation grow profitability, boost efficiency, and gain a competitive edge, while enabling you to focus on your core business. We thrive on delivering cost-effective and customized facility management services to help our clients operate optimally. Over the past years, NextGen has become a renowned name in the industry by providing quality services to some of the biggest regional names, including leading MNCs in the country. We are committed to delivering our customers with exceptional service while offering our employees state-of-the-art training, enabling quality output. We provide exceptional services on the following Electrical Maintenance DG Maintenance Carpentry Plumbing STP and WTP Certificate of Appreciation We are proud to inform our clients and customers that, The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs conveys its appreciation to our Organization for prompt filing of returns and payment of Goods and Services Tax upto the year ending 31st March 2021, thereby substantially contributing to building a strong and resilient nation. Message × Thank You acknowledge message. Thank You for subscribing to our Newsletter. We will keep you updated. Close Contact us 23/11, Dhanalakshmi Avenue, 2nd Road, Kasturibai Nagar, Adyar, Chennai - 600 020. Telephone: 044 - 24450719 E-mail: support@nextgenfms.com Website: www.nextgenfms.com quick links About Services - Hard Services Services - Soft Services Services - Payrolling Services Contact Newsletter Subscribe to our news letter and get latest updates. We wouldn't spam you Social Links Copyrights © 2024. NextGen. All Rights Reserved. Designed by ColorPages.