Safe Hands Call +91 9022971112+91-7709810679 Work Time Monday to Saturday10.00 AM to 07.00 PMSunday by Request Home About Events Events Recent Events Campus Courses Students Corner Noticeboard Time Table Result Latest Updates Extra Mile Contacts Home About Events Events Recent Events Campus Courses Students Corner Noticeboard Result Extra Mile Contacts PreviousNext JEE (Main) Session 1 Result 2024. Entrance exam for admission to foundation batch (Std. 9th & Std. 10th) is on Sunday, 10 March 2024 Six students are selected for 2nd level of Silver Zone International Olympiad of Maths 2023-24 (iOM). Silver Zone International Olympiad of Science 2023-24 (iOS) : 6 students are selected for 2nd level. 5 students are selected for 2nd level of SoF International Maths Olympiad (IMO). Rohit Ishwarkar qualified for 2nd level of Chemistry Olympiad (Indian National Olympiad -INO 2024) organized by IAPT. SoF Science Olympiad (NSO) 9 students qualified for 2nd level. Education is our mission not just profession Education helps us get exposure to new ideas and concepts that we can use to appreciate and improve the world around us and the world within us. Important Links Time Table Notice Board Latest Updates Results Welcome to Safe Hands Education is one of the most powerful aspects of life. Experienced teachers Best Qualified & Expert Staff. Strong values and culture Culture helps learners to develop a great sense. Parental care and guidence It involves giving help and support to parents regarding issues. Comprehensive student support Maintain and encourage a positive outlook; focus on the good. Our Courses “True education reveals self-potential, more than just sows ideas.” Foundation (8th, 9th,10th Standard) By Safe Hands National Batch (Engineering) By Safe Hands National Batch (Medical) By Safe Hands Our Facility We strive to be updated with the latest technology and imbibe it in our teaching methodology. State-of-the-art infrastructural facilities and rich ambiance are provided to complement the teaching and to meet the requirements by providing a very congenial and intellectually stimulating competitive environment that is suitable for shaping your aspirations into reality and paving the way to Success. 9022971112 Facility Digital Class Rooms By using Digital Classroom teachers teach more effectively with audio visual content. Our institute has interactive digital classrooms and rich multimedia content including animated videos, quizzes and internet facility. All classrooms in our institute are equipped with digital boards. Facility Library Library is very important and an essential thing for a student life. Our library is well stocked with different kinds of books including competitive and reference books. We are continuously update our library with the new books. Facility Safety & Security Safety and Security of student's is one of the major priority for us. To fulfill this priority the entire premises is covered with CCTV cameras. Facility Activities Other activities like Speeches on different topics, Debate, Lectures on study techniques are arranged time to time. Apart from this Guest lectures, Soft Skills lectures are also taken up. Facility Other Facilities RO Water filtered water for pure water supply, Air conditioned rooms, Separate washrooms for Boys and Girls. Why Choose Us Our education prepares students for life, helping them develop an informed curiosity and a lasting passion for learning. JEE, NEET, NTSE, Olympiads Our classroom course is one-stop solution provider for JEE, NEET, NTSE, Olympiads & Other Entrance Exams which has won the trust of thousands of people making us a unique brand. Syllabus Completion Timely completion of syllabus, regular performance monitoring through well planned class tests. Unique teaching techniques Our unique teaching techniques enable students to ‘learn how to learn’. The developed study techniques help students throughout their carrer as a doctor, engineer, or researcher. Interactive sessions Interactive doubt solving sessions, regular interactions with parents are the pillars of our remarkable student success rate. Interactive Activities Safe Hands conducts various well designed activities for 360° growth of the students Our Values Our Unique values, culture, and principles lay foundation for the best version of your child, where success becomes a habit. Our Directors They teach the future of the world. Dr. Nitin Oke Doctorate Sircus USA Mrs.Vidya Oke Master in Physics Dr. Ninad Oke Doctorate IIT Chennai Dr. Vaishnavi Deshmukh M.D AIIMS Need any help! Please fill Enquiry Form & feel free to contact us. Enquiry Now Foundation (8th, 9th,10th) National Batch (Engineering) National Batch (Medical) Education is our mission not just profession Call 9022971112, 7709810679 Work Time Monday to Saturday 10.00 AM to 07.00 PM Sunday by Request Address Home About Courses Campus Extra Mile Contacts Quick Links Vidya Bhavan Vidya Bhavan, Shri Hari Nagar, Near Dr. Hedgewar Blood Bank, Jatharpeth, Akola (M.S.) "Yaa" Opp. Vitthal Hospital, Near Veera Da Dhaba, Opp. Vitthal Hospital, Jatharpeth, Akola. (M.S.) “Shikayala” Vijay Housing Society, Near Kaka Provision, Gorakshan Road, Akola. (M.S.) Designed and Developed by Hudas Technologies