NPC DataGuard - Smarter Computing Smarter Computing ™ Solution Pricing Contact Order 1-855-667-2642 Get in touch home get in touch solution pricing faq contact order For Customer Support:Call 1-855-667-2642Email support@npcdataguard.com x close We Protect Your Business, Your Data, and Your Clients A computing security solution that makes data protection easy and affordable all in a single monthly fee. Find out how we can end your patchwork of computing, making your security stronger and your experience better. Let NPC do it for you. See our solution Book a free consultation We Protect Your Business, Your Data, and Your Clients A computing security solution that makes data protection easy and affordable all in a single monthly fee. Learn how we can end your patchwork of computing, making your security stronger and your experience better. Let NPC do it for you. See our solution Book a free consultation A Seamless Data Protection Solution Too often we depend on a patchwork of software, hardware, scattered support, a few policies, and good intentions. Unintegrated, each of those creates a seam, and every seam is a vulnerability or productivity breakdown waiting to happen. Our solution is seamless and managed for you. Data Security & Encryption File-by-file data encryption and layers of advanced security configuration to ensure your data is secure. Cloud Backup & Data Recovery Daily secure backup to the cloud keeps your data safe and accessible wherever business takes you. Powerful & Secure Computers Select from a line of HP business-grade computers with biometric fingerprint reader and all the power you will need. Premium 24/7/365 IT Support Single point of contact to NPC Support Technicians whose responsibility is to keep you always up and running. See our solution The stakes have never been higher for professionals who rely on computers to run their business. Protecting your business, your information, and your clients is essential to your success in business today. The ever increasing need for better and more secure computing can be difficult to achieve without a significant investment of your time and capital. NPC solves that problem with its industry-leading Secure Managed Computing™ solution designed just for the small business professional. How it works Stay Cyber Aware Join our Safe Computing Webinars or read our Blogs to learn how to strengthen your data security and protect your business. Webinar: December 5th at 1:00 PM ET CE Accredited: Email and Online Account Attacks and How to Prevent Them Register now → Webinar On-demand Protecting Your Identity Online Watch now → Blog Why Financial Services Firms Are a Big Target for Cybercrime Read now → Webinar On-demand Rising Above the Cyber Threat Landscape Watch now → Webinar On-demand NPC DataGuard Solutions Overview Watch now → Webinar On-demand Enhancing Password Security and the Power of Multi-factor Authentication Watch now → Solution About NPC FAQ Testimonials Order Now NPC DataGuard Pricing Model Comparison Power Features Secured by NPCBadge Program Contact Customer Support Remote Support Book an Appointment Careers Subscribe NPC Security Alerts NPC News NPC Events & Annoucements NPC Safe Computing Webinars Media Careers Legal Partners Follow us Copyright © 2024 NPC, NPC DataGuard, NPC DataGuard Pro and NPC logos are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NPC DataGuard, a division of Compugen Inc. All rights reserved. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks cited herein are the property of their respective owners.