Massage Center in Islamabad plaza No. 81, 2nd Floor,civic center islamabad 03345111288 info@massagecenter.com.pk Home About Us Price Appointment Contact Us Make an Appointment Book Your Favourite Massage Massage Center is located at Bahira Town Phase 4 Civic Center Islamabad and providing best Massage Services. Book Your Favourite Body Massage Now Click to Call Us Click to Chat Best Massage Center 20% Discount Click to Call Us Click to Chat Our Massage Services 100% Security and Privacy Guaranteed Choose your Favourite Massage Services to enjoy the best experience of "Massage" VIP Service Rs. 4,000/- Full Body Massage Olive Oil Relex Your Body Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 5,000/- Thai Massage Oil or without olive oil Renew Your Body Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 4,000/- Swedish Massage Oil or without oil Recenter Your Body Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 4,000/- Aroma Massage Oil or without oil Enjoy the best Experience Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 8,000/- Four Hand Massage Olive Oil Increased Relaxation Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 8,000/- Couple Massage Olive Oil Enjoy Your Day! Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 4,000/- Medic or Low Back Massage Olive Oil Reduce Your Pain Realigns the muscle Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 4,000/- Sport Massage Olive Oil Increased Flexibility Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat VIP Service Rs. 18,000/- B2B Massage Olive Oil Release Stress Free Shower Discount Offers Available Click to Call Us Click to Chat Why Choose Our Services Your Security & Privacy is our First Priority 100% Security we've care about your Security. Don't worry, your security is our worth. You are safe and secure at our hands 100% Privacy We not only care about your security but we also ensure your Privacy. Your Privacy is Our Priorty Relax Your Day If you are choosen us, we'll try our level best to make your day more relax and healty. Enjoy Best Experience Enjoy the best Experience with our professioinal female therapist. Make Appointment Book Your Favourite Massage now to enjoy the best experience of our Services. Choose date Satureday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Choose time 6:00 - 10:30 pm 8:00 - 12:00 am 1:00 - 5:00 pm Make Appointment Book Your Appointment For Relaxation. Give a Call Us or Contact at our whats app number to book your best spa and Massage services. We're ready to book your appointment, Are You?. Opening Hours Monday - Sunday 1 PM - 4 AM Services Full Body Massage Aroma Massage Thai Massage Four Hand Massage Couple Massage Swedish Massage Low Back Pain Massage Sport Massage B2B Massage Body Massage Join Now Become a spa member and get 20% off your next relaxation! By subscribing, you accept the Privacy Policy © 2022 All Right Reserved by Massage Center > >