Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies (CBAS) Home About Programme Admission Staff Gallery Contact Kwara State University Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies (CBAS) Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies (CBAS) Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies (CBAS) Get Started About Our Center Units • Remedial and Pre-Degree Unit (Remedial and Pre-Degree Section). • Advanced Unit (IJMB/JUPEB/CAILS Section). In the year 2010, Kwara State University in its pursuit of academic excellence and community development established the Centre for Pre-Degree and Remedial Studies. The aim was to cater for the needs of prospective applicants to the University who had deficiencies in their Ordinary Level results or JAMB. The Centre was to provide services which would remedy such problems and prepare such candidates for a four/five-year Degree programme. In the year 2020, the Centre for Pre-Degree and Remedial Studies which was operating separately was merged with the Centre for Advanced Basic Studies and was renamed “Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies” where the Basic section comprises Remedial and Pre-Degree Unit and the Advanced Section which comprises IJMB, JUPEB and CAILS-KWASU Foundation Programmes. Mission Statement Vision/Goals: • To consolidate and improve on the academic standard students had during their secondary education. • To prepare candidates academically to face the real degree programme without many challenges. • To afford the candidates more opportunities for career choice as their final performance in addition to O’Level result will determine the choice of the degree programme. • To remedy problems that students had during their secondary school. Our Programmes The Centre therefore has two major units namely: A. Remedial Unit. The Remedial Studies Unit is for candidates who have one deficiency or the other in their school certificate result and who for psychological reasons do not want to go back to secondary school. The Unit prepares such students through intensive training for GCE/WASSCE/NECO examinations and at the same time prepares them for JAMB examinations. The University considers such students for admission into four-year degree programmes after meeting all requirements. The Unit also caters to students who have five credits including English in the case of arts students and mathematics in the case of science students but who do not have Credit in the subject they want to pursue. The remedial/Pre-Degree programme prepares candidates who have deficiencies in WASSCE, NECO, GCE, JAMB and NABTEB O’Level results for admission into various Degree Programmes of KWASU after taking UTME and meeting all requirements. DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS We warmly welcome our potential students on behalf of our great Institution, Kwara State University, Malete, the Green University for Community Development and Entrepreneurship. We value your involvement and collaboration in all of our initiatives. We appreciate your concern for our Institution, which serves as our second home. Your distinguished presence here is highly commendable. Associate Prof. Sulaiman Sheu Adua – Director Programmes The Kwara State University in its pursuit of academic excellence and community development established the Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies to cater for the yearnings and aspirations of many Kwarans and indeed Nigerians who aspire to have a University education but who for one reason or another have challenges hindering their progress. The Centre was established to remedy such problems and prepare candidates for a 4/3-year degree programme (for advanced unit) students. B. Advanced Unit. The intent of the KWASU Advanced Unit of the Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies (CBAS) Programmes is to among others provide a window for Direct Entry admission to 200 Levels of relevant regular degree Programmes in Nigerian Universities. The Programmes, which are for a duration of one Academic Session are: IJMB/JUPEB/CAILS/KWASU Foundation Diploma Programmes (CKFDP). These prorgammes aim to intensively prepare students to obtain admission into 200 Level in any University, CAILS/KWASU Foundation Programme, and also Direct Entry admission into Kwara State University, Malete. CRITERIA FOR ADVANCEMENT TO 200 LEVEL For candidates to be admitted to 200 Level, they must: i. Possess five credits in relevant subjects at O’Level. ii. Apply through the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) by obtaining the DIRECT ENTRY FORMS from the JOINT ADMISSIONS AND MATRICULATION BOARD (JAMB). iii. Pass the Interim Joint Matriculation Board Examination (IJMBE) or the Cambridge International Examinations, General Certificate of Examination (Cambridge GCE). Admission Requirements For IJMB/JUPEB/CAILS/KWASU Foundation Diploma Programmes (CKFDP) candidates must have five credit passes in relevant subjects including English Language at not more than (two) 2 sittings in O’Level WASSCE, NECO or GCE. For the Remedial Programme, candidates must have at least three (3) credit passes in the relevant subjects including English or Mathematics in O’Level WASSCE, NECO or GCE at a sitting. For the Pre-Degree programme, candidates must have at least 5 credit passes at not more than two settings in O’Level WASSCE, NECO or GCE. Holders of Senior Islamic Studies Certificate (SISC) are also eligible for the Pre-Degree programme, provided they have at least four credit passes including English and Arabic Language in O’Level WASSCE, NECO or GCE at not more than two 2 sittings. Achievements All the students trained by this Centre have been recording outstanding performances on the Campus. School Leavers who attempted National Examinations after our training passed with good grades. Some of our students have graduated with Distinction and First Class in the University. None of our students have been advised to withdraw. Our Staff Assoc. Prof Sulaiman Sheu Adua, Ph.D. Director Email: sulaiman.sheu@kwasu.edu.ng/ TEL: +234-8039112665 Assoc. Prof Stephen Afolabi, Ph.D. Deputy Director Email: stephen.afolabi@kwasu.edu.ng/ TEL: +234-8038315408 Dr. Abdullahi Alabi Email:alabi.abdullahi@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+234-8062075797 Mrs. Victoria Kisira-Adams, B.Sc Secretary, CBAS Email:victoria.kisiraadams@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8133327209 Mr. Abdulkadir Zubair, B.Ed. Staff/Student Monitor, Advanced Section, Asomu Email:abdulkadirzubair22@gmail.com Tel:+234-8038309676 Mrs. Sofiyat AbdulHameed, B.Is., LRCN Staff/Student Monitor, Advanced Section, Asomu Email:sofiyat.abdulhameed@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8167998627 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Centre for Basic and Advanced Studies, Kwara State University, Malete. Director Associate Prof. Sulaiman Sheu Adua Tel: +234-8039112665 Secretary, CBAS Mrs. Victoria Kisira-Adams Tel: +234-8133327209 Staff/Student Monitor, Advanced Section, Asomu Mr. Abdulkadir Zubair Tel: +234-8038309676 Staff/Student Monitor, Basic Section, Ilorin Mrs. Sofiyat AbdulHameed Tel: +234-8067998627 © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/