Excel Global Conferences | Home +1(647)522-4533 Toggle navigation Home About Us Associations Conferences Upcoming Conferences Previous Conferences Free Services Quick Links Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us LOPS Conferences To bring together the experts for Infinite Networking Upcoming Conferences Excel Global Conferences To bring together the experts for Infinite Networking Upcoming Conferences Excel Global Conferences To bring together the experts for Infinite Networking Upcoming Conferences Previous Annual Conferences Highlights LOPS®2022 2nd Edition | June 10 to 12, 2022 Conference Souvenir | Speakers Information | LOPS2022 Conference Program LOPS®2021 1st Edition | June 12 to 14, 2021 Conference Souvenir | Speakers Information | LOPS2021 Conference Program Testimonials "It was a great honour and a pleasure to be together with Excel Conferences organization management on many events, I learned a lot of things and I was impressed by the scientific level and the passion for the progress of colleagues, and academics. The chief, managers, organizers and all the workers in this organization are professional, enthusiasm and thoughtful". Marwa M. Elmaghrabi Medical Tests Consultant, Permanent Researcher Of Stem Cells And Tissue Culture Labs At Faculty Of Medicine, Whats App: 201200693800 Email: Marvenmomo@Yahoo.Com "Having worked closely with Excel Conferences organization on several occasions since its inception, we are able to confidently confirm that its management conducts itself as a competent and professional body that maintained a good reputation in our academic community. In fact, the management of Excel Conferences has consistently exceeded our expectations and believed to take the organization beyond the expectations of its competitors in serving our communities". Mohamed E. Wagih PhD, Professor Of Genetics & Biotechnology, President, Canadian Academy Of Sciences, Canada: +1647522 4533, Egypt: + 201005444233, Mewagih@Gmail.Com "Exceleve Food Conferences are giving detailed data on Food science, Food Technology and Food Engineering Perpectives. All of Key Nutrition Branches and key consumer data live in Food science for quickly identify and take action on any roadblocks across our growth cycle. Wishing the new success for upcoming meetings of Excel Conferences." Ozlem Tokusoglu, Celal Bayar University Turkey Celal Bayar University Turkey, Conferences Chair, Food and Nutrition Conferences "Its a great pleassure in associating with Excel Conferences, their unique services are informative and innovative. I Greately appreciate their efforts to the scientific community. Excel Conference provides an excellent opportunity to catch the latest trends and reviews by establihing communication and networking between the experts from both academic and industrial backgrounds” Dr. Yarla, Novel Global Education Foundation, Australia, Member, American Cancer Association , USA Dr. Yarla Novel Global Education Foundation, NSW, Australia, Member, American Cancer Association, USA Ph: 1(405) 837-2582 Well organized with rapid response to communications The Global Webinar on Emerging Infectious Diseases held on January 9, 2021 was well organized with rapid response to communications. The Webinar gave me opportunity to present my research to a global audience and I enjoyed the scientific interaction. C. J. Wright PhD FRMS Reader Bioprocess Engineering Portfolio Director Medical Engineering Head of Chemical & Biological Engineering Research Group Biomaterials, Biofouling & Biofilms Engineering Laboratory (B3EL) The Systems and Process Engineering Centre (SPEC) "Global Webinar on Emerging Infectious Diseases, was held on January 9, 2021. The conference was attended by scientists and specialists from many countries. The topic of the Сonference was about a dangerous disease like coronavirus and other Infectious Diseases. The conference was held in English. In the context of the pandemic, the Conference Organizer chose the only correct solution - the correspondence form of communication. A lot of reports in the form of Lectures-Presentations were listened to. This will help you choose new ways to diagnose, prevent and treat coronavirus. The Conference reports will be published in specialized journals." Elena Germanovna Dmitrieva Clinical Pharmacist Cand.Biol.Science’s for Clinical Pharmacology, Russia "This Global Webinar on Emerging Infectious Disease provided a platform to present scientific works at this crucial time of need when the contact meeting is very difficult. It was a great opportunity to present my short piece of work at this forum where great scientist and researcher around the globe were present. Similarly, I was delighted to hear and learn many new ideas and knowledge on infectious diseases including COVID-19. However due to internet connectivity issues, I couldn’t some grab some lectures. Nevertheless, I am overwhelmed as the webinar was well timed and very informative. Therefore, I will be glad to join on the upcoming webinars in the future conducted by Excel Group''. Ragunath Sharma Sr. Laboratory Officer Dept of Pathology & Laboratory Medicine (Microbiology) Jigme Dorji Wangchuck National Referral Hospital Lecturer, Khesar Gyelpo University of Medical Sciences of Bhutan, Bhutan " What a pleasure it was to attend the Global Webinar on Emerging Infectious Diseases that was held on January 9, 2021. Many specialists, researchers, scientists, and professors around the world were attended. I am happy to talk about it with my Head and colleagues, as it was different and dealing with newly interesting infectious disease topics and all in all were useful, and helpful especially in diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of novel Corona virus symptoms. I felt happy to share my presentation entitled “Measure to avoid remission of covid-19 infection” in this event, and hoping to share again in this precious networking". Dr. Marwa M. Elmaghrabi Consultant in medical analysis Permanent researcher of stem cells & tissue culture labs Alexandria Faculty of Medicine, Egypt. "Global Webinar on Emerging Infectious Diseases, was held on January 9, 2021. The conference was attended by many professionals from different parts of the world. There were many interesting lectures, all presented in English. The themes of the presentations were all related to infectious disease (COVID-19, bacteria resistance, etc…) The organization was excellent and they gave the opportunity of all presenters publishing their studies in open access journal without costs. I attest that all information that is related in this feedback is real." Huang Wei Ling MD Acupuncture and Pain Management Specialist Medical Acupuncture & Pain Management Clinic Franca, São Paulo, Brazil. The last week Webinar (Global webinar on emerging infectious diseases) was good and we had a great interction with people. We will stay in touch ! Dr. Sivakumar Gowder Ton Duc Thang University, Vietnam The conference was well organized with world class speakers and delegates. The scientific program and Pannel discussions are executed very well. I Would like to attend the future conferences organized by Excel Global Conferences and exhibitions in the upcoming years too. Congratulations to Excel Group for organizing such a pure scientific service oriented and non profitable event. All the best for your future events and Exhibitions. I would recommend my colleagues across the World to join the conferences organized by Excel Group. All the Best ! Dr Yacob Mathai Marma Health Centre, Kerala. India NUTRITIONAL SCIENCE AND FOOD TECHNOLOGY-NSFT 2021 NSFT 2021 NS-FT 2021 It was a pleasure participating in the LOPS 2021 conference, and I’d like to thank Prof. Alfano and all organizers for the invitation and for putting together such a complex worldwide webinar. The speakers were outstanding, the presentations were excellent, and the broad range of optics and photonics topics covered was truly stimulating. Congratulations for a well-planned conference. Sergio Fantini Professor of Biomedical Engineering, Tufts University, USA 2004: Graduate Student Council's Awardee, 2001: Outstanding Faculty Awardee “LOPS 2021 was a phenomenally successful event wherein leading researchers across the globe presented ground-breaking research results in the fields of lasers, optics, photonics, and sensors. The event had excellent presentations throughout and I particularly enjoyed the active integration of young researchers and students throughout the conference. This was a great opportunity to see fundamental and applied research in a variety of disciplines and I and my students benefited immensely. We are looking forward to LOPS 2022!” William (Doc A) Arrasmith PhD, Florida Institute of Technology, USA I would like to thank you first for this nice invitation at the conference LOPS 2021. The conference was very interesting, well organized and very inspiring for interaction and collaborations. I was impressed by the organization I found very efficient and flexible. The conference gave me the opportunity to present my research to a global audience creating an excellent synergy. Experience we have to do it again every year for sure! Looking forward to see you next year! Nicolas Javahiraly Project manager, Expert, The Sagem Defense group, University of Strasbourg, France Congratulations for outstanding conference LOPS 2021! Manijeh Razeghi Walter P. Murphy Professor, Director, Center for Quantum Devices, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Northwestern University, USA Thank you Keerthi for your organisation. Thank you very much indeed for inviting me to participate in LOPS21. It has been most enjoyable and interesting, and I learnt a lot. Professor Angela B Seddon BSc (Hons), MPhil, PhD, FSGT, FIMM, FRSC, CChem, FSPIE Chair of Inorganic Materials. Head of Mid-Infrared Photonics Group, GGIEMR,AMRG, Faculty of Engineering. University of Nottingham, UK, A:Coates Building, Dept. Mechanical, Materials and Manufacturing. Engineering, University Park, University of Nottingham, UK. I hereby express my sincere gratitude to the organizers of the LOPS 2021. It's a great pleasure and honour to be able to hear from world class professors and scientists across the globe, and also to present my work on this platform. It is indeed a red-letter day for me. Thank you so much for the kind help and support from the LOPS-2021 (International Scientific Conference on Lasers, Optics, Photonics & Sensors) and the Excel Global Conferences group. I wish there were more such conferences in the coming days. Thanks a lot.! Nitu Borgohain (PhD) University of Science & Technology, Meghalaya LOPS2021 was a very good opportunity for me. The conference generated a lot of ideas about how to continue to expand my skills and my professional qualifications. Thank you again for your great job. I really appreciate your hard work. Erlin He Florida Institute of Technology, USA It was a pleasure and honour to participate in the LOPS 2021 conference, and I would like to thank Prof. Kazemi, Prof. Alfano, Keerthi and all organizers. The conference was very interesting, well organized, and very inspiring for interaction and collaborations Nooshafarin Kazemikhoo MD, PhD, UNSW Sydney, Australia “To me, ideas are worth nothing unless executed. They are just a multiplier. Execution is worth millions.” — Steve Jobs Read More Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Conferences calendar 2nd Annual LOPS2022® Visit Website June 10-12, 2022 Global Hybrid Conference 4th Annual LOPS2024® Visit Website June 710, 2024 Annual LOPS2021® Visit Website June 12-14, 2021 Global Webinar Conference View More Contact Details: LOPS Annual Conferences EIN: 30-1327184 email: support@luminariesedu.com contactexcelconferences@gmail.com 447 Broadway, 2nd Floor, 702 New York, NY 10013, USA Phone/Whats App: 1-647-9524-467 Quick links About Us Free Services Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Subscribe Me ! Social Links Copyright © 2024 . EXCEL GLOBAL CONFERENCES All Rights Reserved.