EZSigma Group Continuous Improvement Training and Consulting Home Training Capabilities Project Management About Us FREE Resources Software Partners Home Training Capabilities Project Management About Us FREE Resources Software Partners Drive Exellence with Continuous Improvement. It's more than a roadmap. It's a continual journey for success. Organizations worldwide are in the process of determining how they will operate in the new workplace landscape. This continual shifting of operational models has a direct impact on the effectiveness of processes - processes which can become an organizations' greatest asset or greatest liability. The key to navigating through this transition and ensuring a positive, and scalable, outcome is to instill a culture of Continuous Improvement (CI).Wherever you and your organization are on this journey, we will provide the support you need to build a CI culture and/or develop processes which will be as resilient as you and your team have been over the past several years. Connect with us today to discover how a process can inspire a new generation. CONNECT WITH US Change is the only constant so make change your greatest strength. Distinguishing yourself among the crowd can feel almost insurmountable, even just keeping pace can be challenging at times.Therefore, understanding the needs of your team and your clients to ensure you have the resources to excel in your industry is crucial for your organization to stand out among your competitors. A proven strategy for success is to adopt a culture of Continuous Improvement which encourages innovation, design thinking, resilience and creativity.We will equip you and your team with the skills, insights and tools to overcome barriers so that you can rise above the crowd. GET IN TOUCH How can we ensure you achieve your goals? Educate, Communicate, Evaluate Business Management Consulting You know your organization best however, engaging a third-party, unbiased perspective can open up possibilities and opportunities which may have otherwise been ignored.Our consultants will work with you to understand your business, your capabilities, your challenges and your goals to develop an action plan and strategy that works for your business. Areas of expertise Continuous Improvement and Lean Six Sigma.Change Management. Project Leadership and Management.Strategic Planning. Current State Assessments. Future State Recommendations & Roadmap. People Development Your people are the heart of your organization. Just as a healthy heart is one that is looked after, exercised and well-fed, a healthy team is one that is valued, challenged and given opportunities to grow.Our facilitators are the best in class in their areas of expertise and we can provide training opportunities to your team synchronously in person or virtually and asynchronously through the online Quality Campus. Areas of Expertise Lean and Six Sigma.PMP Exam Prep. Project Management Fundamentals.Leadership Development. Facilitation Skills. Facility Design.Lean Six Sigma Certification. Meet the Team Our team of consultants have decades of experience in healthcare, manufacturing, retail & wholesale, finance, IT, mining, distribution and more.... Contact Us Connect with a Continuous Improvement Expert today. Contact Us Name Phone Email Message Opt-In I would like to receive updates and notifications from EZSigma Group. Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later Featured News & Events EZSigma Webinar Series Since 2019 EZSigma has been providing a free monthly webinar series. Topics range from Lean and/or Six Sigma tools such as Process Mapping, FMEA, SIPOC and Spaghetti Diagrams to soft skills development such as Change Management, Communication Skills, Critical Thinking and Emotional Intelligence.All webinars are 45 mins in length and are available for viewing on our website through the 'Free Resources' section of on our YouTube Channel (if you visit the YouTube channel please subscribe!) WEBINAR SERIES Featured Partner: Creato Performance Solutions COMPASS® is a project portfolio management system designed to sustain your organization’s quality and performance improvement activity. COMPASS creates a pipeline of improvement opportunities that are automatically prioritized for consideration by management. Projects are resourced on a timely basis, and improvement teams are guided, step-by-step, through the completion of work necessary to achieve breakthrough improvement. The best tools for each problem are recommended and provided to the end user. Real-time reports are available in an A3 format, the reporting tool of choice for many organizations today. Accelerate your ROI from improvement work because you are completing more projects - and completing all projects, in less time than before. LEARN MORE Want the latest news and updates? Join the mailing list! Thank you for signing up to receive news and updates from EZSigma Group! You are welcome to unsubscribe at any time however we hope to build a long-term relationship with you.Feel free to reach out anytime if you have any questions. Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later Call Us We are available by phone Monday-Friday from 9am-6pm. 416 648 6509 Email Us For general inquiries & questions, contact us via email info@ezsigmagroup.com Visit Us 145 Main St. S.,Newmarket, ON L3Y 3Y9 View on Map About Us Partners Past Projects Industries & Client List Webinar Series Blog Professional Development Instructor-led Training Micro-Courses Lean & Six Sigma Courses Self-Paced Online Training Lean Six Sigma Certification Business Services Change Management Coaching Continuous Improvement Strategic Planning Team Training CONTACT US info@ezsigmagroup.comsales@ezsigmagroup.comToll free: 800.835.0134Office: 416.648.6509 145 Main St. S., Newmarket, ON L3Y 3Y9 info@ezsigmagroup.com Toll free: 800.835.0134Office: 416.648.6509 © 2024 All Rights Reserved | EZSigma Group Privacy PolicyEZSigma Inclusivity StatementChatham House Rules Share by: