Talent-Merge - Executive Search Firm - Talent Merge Pte Ltd Home About Talent Merge The Team Services Drop Your CV Client Virvit Jobs Available Events & Seminars Blog TALENT-MERGE PTE LTDAN EXECUTIVE SEARCH FIRM DEDICATED TO FIND YOU THE RIGHT TALENT I am raw html block.Click edit button to change this html TALENT-MERGE PTE LTDAN EXECUTIVE SEARCH FIRM DEDICATED TO FIND YOU THE RIGHT TALENT We are focused on building a strategic, quality search practice. Based in Singapore, we have over 18 years of industry knowledge in maritime. We provide professional advice based on the specialize markets we are focus on. With highly effective recruitment skills, we are able to serve our clients more efficiently and foster good working relationship that gains both trust and confidence. Talent search is done through a few selective channels. We use our proprietary database to reach out to potential candidates, target appropriate companies, source for key industry executives and arrange first contacts with suitable candidates. At Talent-Merge, we aim to deliver tailor made recruitment solutions for our clients. Our clients include MNC, SGX listed companies, ship owners, ship management, equipment manufacturers and we work closely with management and HR for placement of candidates ranging from engineers to C-level suite positions. OUR TEAMThe Executive Search Team Clarence Khoh Director A passionate specialist who loves to help people find a great job. Being specialised in maritime sector for over 10 years and graduated from University of Leicester with 1st class(Hons) BEng Electrical and Electronics Engineering. Believes that speed and commitment is the ultimate success in the recruitment industry. Cha Nafisah Recruitment Consultant Just your friendly neighborhood recruiter! I'm a HR professional who thrives on helping others and going above and beyond with each and every task. I'm enthusiastic about growing and gaining new skills on my HR journey. I value learning from others, connecting with people, hearing other people's passion and how I can possibly help. I also believe in getting things done with a smile and laugh along the way! Geetha Jeyakumar Recruitment Researcher Exploring has forever been my enthusiasm, and as an experienced professional with more than 15 years of combined in-house and agency expertise, I strongly endorse Confucius' wisdom: 'Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.' My experience in recruitment has empowered me to effectively match a multitude of professionals across the APAC region in various sectors including consulting and technology. Building a network forms the cornerstone of a thriving relationship between a recruiter and both candidates and clients alike. Emma Ismail Recruitment Consultant With more than 10 years of recruitment experience and passion in helping people seek new opportunities, I started off my career by handling logistics recruitment in MNCs to provide them with top quality staffing. I strongly believe in building a strong rapport with my clients as well as applicants. Evangelina Joy Marketing Executive I always love thinking outside of the box when it comes to marketing, as I always believe in a quote that was once said by Joe Chernov, “Good marketing makes the company look smart, Great marketing makes the customer feel smart”. Being able to help you find the most suitable job and helping you to start building your dreams. Fadhilah Admin Assistant Administrative jobs are the engine of the office,” says Shanna Hocking, Principal of Hocking Leadership and an associate VP who manages a team of 45 and has hired many admins over the course of her career. “They keep things running and help the company move forward SERVICESFinding the right talent in each company is vital. Executive Search & Recruitment We focus on executive levels and understand that every company are looking for a team of talented people working together. Our day to day focus is doing in depth research to find you the most suitable candidate. Recruitment Methodology The talent search is done through a few selective channels using our proprietary database to research potentially qualified candidates, target appropriate companies, source key industry executives, and arrange first contacts with candidates. Industries and Vertical Covered Maritime Oil and Gas Logistics Finance IT Cybersecurity Healthcare Employment Pass Application Service We believe that our Employment Pass Application Service will revolutionize the way you handle employment pass applications, making the process faster, more efficient, and stress-free. Industries Covered Maritime Oil and Gas Logistics Finance IT Cyber Security Health Care Fintech TALENT-MERGE PTE. LTD. (16C7858) 51 Goldhill Plaza #21-10 Singapore 308900 Tel: +65 64931133 or +65 66358713 info@talent-merge.com × How can we help you?