Home - TN Walker, Inc. Profile Products & Services Contracts & Projects Certifications Contact Heinz Field PNC Park Mellon Client Service Center PNC Firstside Center Hillman Cancer Center Fifth Avenue Place HVAC HVAC & Plumbing Equipment and Supplies Oil and Gas Oil and Gas Equipment & Supplies for Extraction, Transportation and Storage Technical Staffing Technical Staffing Assistance and Services Construction Services Industrial Building and Civil Engineering Construction Services T.N. Walker, Inc. T.N. Walker, Inc. was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. T.N. Walker, Inc. is controlled by its President, Thomas N. Walker, who currently maintains a 100% stock ownership position. We are a wholesaler/installation contractor for equipment, parts and supplies associated with the HVAC and Plumbing Industries. In recent years we have expanded into the equipment, supplies and storage for Fluid Management Systems associated extraction, transportation and storage of Oil and Gas. These industry applications are very similar; however specifications differ greatly and require professional engineering and installation to meet the engineered project specifications. MISSION STATEMENT T.N. Walker, Inc’s mission is to expedite construction projects, equipment delivery and/or installation in a timely manner at or below budget. We will achieve this by providing price/quality competitive products and services while adhering to establish schedules that meet client specifications and objectives. Our success, strategy and future are based on absolute integrity and the advancement of the fiduciary interests of our clients. While revenues remain paramount to our core existence, our employees, clients and community will always be held in the highest deference. SearchAbout T.N. Walker Products and Services Certifications Contracts and Projects Contact TN Walker Capacity T.N. Walker, Inc. has averaged over $3.5 million in revenue over the last four (4) fiscal years. Financial Data Financial data is available upon request. Duns Number: 10-890-6272 Important LinksAbout T.N. Walker Products and Services Certifications Contracts and Projects Contact TN Walker 105 Forest Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15238Phone : (412) 963-1366FAX : (412) 963-6003Email : [email protected]Website : www.tnwalker.com Profile Products & Services Contracts & Projects Certifications Contact © 2014 - T.N. Walker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.