PhindAcademy Info@phindacademy.com +9101740411513 Student Login Sign up Teacher Login Sign up Home PhindAcademy You are more Than who you were. You can start over ANYTIME, Like TODAY Speak* write* read* listen.Learn More PhindAcademy PhindAcademy is the best language learning platform for 1-1 or group classes for all types of language with personalised courses and level options. It provides flexible price and time preferences on PhindAcademy you'll get options to choose the best suitable teacher around the world that fits your learning style. Book your lesson now!Learn More School/Institutions Language as Hobby For Immigration Purpose Corporates Translation Services Fast Track Courses Join as Groups Get Certification Hello, and welcome to PhindAcademy. PhindAcademy helps learners to initiate one step ahead to the world by connecting them with professional teachers in a digital world and allows them to become a global citizen with self prepared assignments and activities also phind provides hassle free quick access anytime anywhere also it allows you to pay only the time you use and avail quick tutoring services. PhindAcademy makes languages simplified for everyone, so that learners enjoy the best quality time and understand complex concepts or topics at ease, we have tutors who can help you achieve your goals. Upcoming Events PhindAcademy Panel Examines Future of Cities April 13, 2021 @ 8:00 am 184 Main Collins Street View Details Farmer's Market at PhindAcademy, Collins Street April 13, 2021 @ 8:00 am 184 Main Collins Street View Details A Conversation with Wynton Marsalis April 13, 2021 @ 8:00 am 184 Main Collins Street View Details More Events Campus Life 520 Online Courses 690 Trusted Tutors 235K Online Students 150K Success Stories Subscribe to Newsletter Get notified about new courses, events, community & more Subscribe PhindAcademy on Instagram PhindAcademy.com You can start over ANYTIME, Like TODAY Speak* write* read* listen. Contact Us 800 567.890.576 Info@phindacademy.com Delhi, India Quick links About Us Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Newsletter Subscribe to get update and information. Don't worry, we won't send spam! Subscribe © 2021 PhindAcademy. All rights reserved. Term & Condition of Teacher Sign up Form Welcome to PhindAcademy Our Terms of Service have been updated Therefore, please, read these Terms of Service carefully before using the Website and/or Services. If you do not accept these Terms of Service, including the agreement to arbitrate on an individual basis any claims between you and PhindAcademy, please, do not use the Website and do not click “Sign up as a student/tutor” (or similar) or otherwise use the Services. 1. GENERAL INFORMATION 1.1. Terms of Service These Terms of Service (hereinafter - the “Terms”) describe the terms and conditions applicable to your access and use of the website and the website software related mobile device application made available through or in connection with the “Services”. The phind website means www.PhindAcadem.com, and its sub-domains (the “Website”) and is an online platform intended to be used by students (and/or their parents) and tutors in connection with the Services. Use of the Services of phind (as defined above) is subject to these Terms of Service (the “Terms”) and any other rules or policies that are published on the Website that apply to specific activities in which you participate (for example, phind Enterprise or Student competitions). You agree that by using Services and providing the respective consent, you are agreeing to enter into a legally binding contract with phind and indicate your unconditional acceptance of these Terms, on your own behalf and, if you are a Parent or Company, on behalf of the Student represented by you who uses our Services. You are entering into these Terms with phind Inc. (referred to as “phindacademy” “phind ”, “we” and “us”), a corporation registered and organized under the laws of the state of Delaware. These Terms, as well as the Refund and Payment Policy, Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy and phind Blog Privacy Policy, are legally binding agreements governing relationship between phind and any User or visitor of the Website and Services As a User or a visitor of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy, phind Blog Privacy Policy and the respective updates. For more information about when, where, and why we collect personal data, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others, your rights in respect of your personal data, please refer to our Privacy Policy and/or phind Blog Privacy Policy. 1.2. Services of phind You may be accessing and using the Website, Service and Software of phind as (i) a Student, (ii) a Parent, (iii) a Tutor, (iv) a Company or (v) a visitor simply using the functionality, including that of the Blog, and/or reviewing the content, that is publicly available on the Website. Throughout these Terms “you” or “your” “learners” may refer as applicable to the Student, the Parent, each Tutor and Company accessing or using any of our Services (each the "user "). Our platform allows students (“Students”) and their parents/legal representatives/legal guardians (“Parents”) and companies enrolled in phind Enterprise (“Companies”) searching for tutors, and tutors (“Tutors”) searching for Students, to connect for and deliver and pay for or receive payment for online and one-to-one or group classes. The “Services” include the Website and any phind related mobile device application (the “Software”), phind Space (“PSpace,” an online video room), our online discussion forums and chat rooms, other services and features available through the Software, and phind Blog and its applicable features, including articles writing and commenting (the “Blog”). Phind does not provide tutoring services, and phind does not match Tutors with Students, Parents or Companies. 1.3. Phind Enterprise Companies may be enrolled in phind Enterprise, whose Employees (aka Students) will use the Services with the aim to connect with the Tutors for online and one-to-one lessons or group clssses of languages learnings on our online platform. Companies can easily track Employees' (Students’) completed lessons, add or remove Employees (Students), control, refill or shift their balances through the Dashboard. Companies enrolled in phind Enterprise are provided with a report, which is displayed on the Dashboard to monitor their Employees’ (Students) language learning performance. Close