Tvasta Project Management Consultants (TPMC) Enquire With Us X Send Message Home About Us Projects Services Testimonials Contact Us Call for any help +91 8040989816 Project Management Consultancy Good Project is Obvious, Great implementation is a bliss Read More Project Management Consultancy End-to-end solutions from concept to commissioning Read More Project Management Consultancy Ensuring safe and successful project execution Read More Project Management Consultancy We manage your project from start to finish Read More Project Management Consultancy Experience you can trust, service you can count on. Read More Welcome to TPMC Tvasta Project Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd (TPMC) is a company established in 2010 to provide professional PMC services to the construction industry. TPMC is a recognised project management consulting firm based in Bangalore and manages more than 3 million sft of development area and provides project management services to various sectors of the construction industry. About Us Rich experience of over 3 decades in the industry Led by a capable management team that brings a rich experience of more than 3 decades in the industry and invaluable expertise to the projects. The principal consultant, Mr. S. Muralidhar, holds a degree in Civil Engineering and has over 30 years of experience in the construction industry. He has set out to provide reliable services to the industry through Tvasta Project Management Consultancy. Quality Management We follow continous improvement techniques by learning and also understand that it is crucial to unlearn old knowledge that has outlived its relevance thereby delivering value to projects. Our range of services include Advisory services, Tendering & Contracting Services, Project Management with quality and timely execution as the bottom line. Vision We want to be the company that best understands and delivers project management services to the construction industry. Mission Tvasta's mission is to be committed to the concept of core accountability, with our principles based on integrity, reliability and ethics. Portfolio When it comes to providing professional PMC services to the construction industry, we strive to provide value for every penny spent by the client. + Aspire Fertility center + Chartered grass hopper + Glenloch Water ford + IIIT B + Indraprastha Ruhe + Indraprastha Schon + MSRS Convention Centre + Samrudhi Sunshine Our Services Quality Management Measure and control the quality of all activities and take corrective action until the team achieves the desired quality Communication Management Formulate and Manage flow of information to stake holders throughout the project Cost Management Estimating, budgeting and controlling costs throughout the project life cycle, with the objective of keeping expenditures within the approved budget. Material Management Controlling of all material and equipment so that they are requested in advance, obtained at a reasonable cost, and are available when needed. Contract Management Prepare Bill of Quantities, compile tender document, Assist in vendor procurement, Bill checking and certification, reconciliation of materials. Risk Management Ensure, identify, assess, and mitigate risks that may affect the desired outcome of a project. GET IN TOUCH How Do We Work? Our assignment starts with the Client’s objective, goal and requirements, and the Architects concepts. The entire project is then monitored by budgeting / programming / scheduling and finally executing through the engineering contractor appointed by the client/architect to a sound principle of management Contact Us Enquire Now Send Message Our Clients About Us Led by a capable management team that brings a rich experience of more than 3 decades in the industry and invaluable expertise to the projects. Navigation Home About Us Projects Services Support Testimonials Contact Us Contact Us #41, 8th Cross, KGE Layout, RMV 2nd Stage, Bangalore – 560094 +91 8040989816/ +91 8041010493 info@tpmconsultants.in © Copyright 2023 TPMC | All rights reserved. Enquire Now