Centre For Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning Systems (CAMS) Home About Programs/Activities Research/Units Staff Contact Kwara State University Centre For Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning Systems (CAMS) Get Started Kwara State University Centre For Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning Systems (CAMS) Get Started Kwara State University Centre For Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning Systems (CAMS) Get Started About Our Center MISSION STATEMENT Mission: To promote integrative research and innovation, as well as enable collaboration and the environment for expanding the frontiers of knowledge of AI and ML systems and other emerging digital technologies for community development and entrepreneurship. Vision: To be the world-class flagship Center through research, innovation and development in AI and ML systems and other emerging technologies. Goal: To be a world-class flagship Centre in AI, ML and emerging advanced digital technologies through four broad facets, namely: capacity building, innovative research, strategic partnership and enterprise and community development. Established in 2023, the Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Systems (CAMS) is a flagship centre of Kwara State University (KWASU) for emerging technologies. It is to act as one of the catalysts of KWASU's strategy for world-class status. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) are a set of advanced technologies that enable computers to simulate human intelligence and attempt to have the same capabilities as human beings, such as in perception, logical reasoning, language processing, facial and speech recognition, planning, response, decision making and general intelligence. AI and ML systems can take many forms and are poised to fill a growing number of roles in today's society, from factory automation, robotics, education, facial and character recognition, visual surveillance, to information management. Practical applications of AI and ML also include 'smart' controllers for household and industrial devices, computers to play games, conduct intelligent web searches and converse. Also, they will have profound implications in areas such as healthcare, transportation, commerce, employment, entertainment, government, manufacturing, legal, security, and privacy. AI and ML are evolving fields that require broad training, with courses that typically involve principles of engineering, computer science, cognitive psychology, among others. In the coming years, the adoption of disruptive technology is expected to happen exponentially with impacts like that of the internet and smartphones. Thus, CAMS was set up as an initiative capable of positioning KWASU as a leader in the revolution. To fulfil its vision, CAMS operates mainly through four broad facets, namely: capacity building, innovative research, strategic partnership, and enterprise and community development. The capacity building involves teaching and training, problem-based and student-centered learning, as well as academic development of courses, curricula and programs in AI, ML, Internet of Things (IoT), data science, etc. The second facet focuses on conducting cutting-edge innovative research on intelligent systems and emerging digital technologies. CAMS’s strategic partnership and collaboration with relevant stakeholders strengthens relationships between academia and industry, and improves problem-based learning, the quality of the content of courses and graduate employability. Also, the impacts are expected in enterprise, community, and economic developments. Our Work OUR WORK The mandate of Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Systems (CAMS) are to: Short Term: Orientation, Tutoring, Mentoring, Training (short-term courses), Curricular design, and Counselling. Medium Term: Training (medium-term certification courses), Seminars, Workshops, Consultations, Internships, Research and Innovation, Partnerships and Collaborations. Long Term: Training (long-term certification courses), Marketing, Enterprise, and Development. DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to our Center for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Systems (CAMS). We are excited to have you here and hope you find our website informative and engaging. As technology continues to emerge and advance, we believe that artificial intelligence and machine learning will play a critical role in shaping the future. CAMS is dedicated to exploring the latest developments in these fields and sharing knowledge with the world. Whether you are a student, researcher, or just someone interested in the latest tech trends, we invite you to join us on this journey. Thank you for visiting our website, and we look forward to connecting with you. Dr. Abdulwaheed Musa (Ph.D., SMIEEE, R. Eng.) PROGRAMMES / ACTIVITIES TRAINING & TUTORING MENTORING & COUNSELLING RESEARCH & INNOVATION SEMINARS & WORKSHOPS CURRICULAR DESIGN CAREER SERVICES COLLABORATION MARKETING RESEARCH / UNIT The hands-on research on Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Systems (CAMS) will expose participants to how we believe that artificial intelligence and machine learning will play a critical role in shaping the future by exploring the latest developments in these fields and sharing knowledge with the world. Artificial Intelligent-Based Virtual Fencing System. Artificial Intelligence-Enabled Translator for Major Nigeria Languages. Frameworks for Artificial Intelligence and Emerging Technologies in Nigeria. UNITS (A) Capacity Building and Development (CBD) Unit (B) Innovative and Integrative Research (IIR) Unit (C) Strategic Partnership and Collaborations (SPC) Unit (D) Enterprise and Community Development (ECD) Unit OUR STAFF Dr. Abdulwaheed Musa (Ph.D., SMIEEE, R. Eng.) Director Center for ArtificialIntelligence and Machine Learning Systems (CAMS). Email: abdulwaheed.musa@kwasu.edu.ng Google Scholar Link: Dr. Abdulwaheed Citations Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Center for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Systems (CAMS), Kwara State University, Malete. Email: cams@kwasu.edu.ng . Director Dr. Abdulwaheed Musa (Ph.D., SMIEEE, R. Eng.) Email: abdulwaheed.musa@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. alexistogel livedraw hongkong alexistogel macau alexistogel bandar alexistogel toto bandar alexistogel link alexistogel daftar alexistogel alexistogel login alexistogel gacor alexistogel totomacau bandar toto macau daftar toto macau togel toto macau toto macau resmi slot online aplikasi alexistogel alexistogel resmi alexistogel toto online alexistogel hongkong alexis togel macau alexistogel slot server thailand prediksi togel hongkong alexis bandar togel alexistogel alternatif alexistogel4d bandar alexistoto alexistogel login alexistogel slot online alexistogel terpercaya daftar alexistogel link alexistogel resmi login alexistogel alexistogel daftar bandar totomacau totomacau link bandarbola855 bandarbola855 slot bandarbola855 resmi bandarbola855 gacor slot server luar slot server luar bandarbola855 slot gacor iosbet link login iosbet slot link iosbet iosbet coloksgp togel coloksgp toto macau coloksgp online bandar coloksgp coloksgp liatogel link bandar liatogel liatogel slot Slot Gacor Slot Online Togel Hongkong Togel Macau Slot Gacor Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot Bolaslot88 Akun Pro Platinum Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/