FSIS Pest Control Services - A Complete Pest Control Service Provider Call Us Now:044-42139952 info@fsisindia.com Home About Us Services Enquiry Contact Us Home About Us Services Enquiry Contact Us Keeps your home bug free! Say Good Bye to those annoying pests. 100% Environment Friendly No Matter What Type of Pest. We Deal with All. Residential Pest Control Services We ensure atmost a pest free and a happy home Commercial Pest Control Services We pride ourselves on our reputation as No1 Pest Control Team. Don’t let pests take over your Home We provide you the best pest control services Previous Next Welcome to First Source - Ultimate Pest Solutions First Source Integrated Services (OPC) P Ltd was Incorporated in 2019 and Headquartered at Chennai. FSIS is Premier and Ultimate Pest Solutions Company with a deep experience for over a decade in Pest Management Services with qualified technicians managing in both commercial and residential segments offering the best in class services across all verticals. 3P MODEL We execute our services in 3P Module. Proactive, Passion and Partnering. We deliver the best in class of services. 5 STAR PROTECTION We provide the 5 star protection plan guarantees you stay safe from pest without hassle. Saves your money. FREE INSPECTION Schedule a Complimentary inspection of your Residential or Commercial place and effectively rid your life of pests! OUR SERVICESPest Control services provided Cockroach Control Cockroach pest control is often tricky as these guys always find their way back into your homes. If a slipper, broom or paper roll is your cockroach control solution, it's time tore-evaluate. Rodent Control Mice are a part of the rodent family that includes rats and bandicoots. They are omnivorous, intrusive, smart, adaptable, alert and very fertile. Mosquito Control We believe in reducing problems from the root rather than looking at just temporary solutions. A 3-step mosquito pest control treatment is conducted by our technicians. Termite Control Termites, also known as white ants, are capable of destroying anything containing cellulose which includes paper and wood. Wood Borers Control Small sized beetles that survive on the starch found in wood are called Wood borers. They damage wood at the larval stage for food. Bed Bug Control Bed bugs have nothing to do with the cleanliness of your home!The inherent quality of bed bugs is that they are hitch-hikers. OUR PRODUCTS Fly Killer Bat Fly Killer Machine Fly Catcher Glue Based OUR HAPPY CUSTOMERSWhat Our Clients Say About Us "Great team and great service. Reached on time and did pest control which I found was very effective. I have not found a single cockroach in kitchen – thank god." - Priya Sinha, Home Maker "Your guys have done extremely good job. I was frustrated with so many cockroaches and termites affecting my home but now I do not find them at all. Thanks for sending a wonderful team." - Sathish Ranganathan, Manager - ColorPages Designs "The guidance and tips to keep the kitchen pest free were really helpful. My maids remember your tips. Also all the cockroaches are gone. I have already recommended your training session in my society. Thanks." - John Jacob, Senior Executive - Pixels Graphic Locate Us First Source Integrated Services (OPC) Private Limited Old No.22A/1, New No.55, 4th Main Road, East CIT Nagar, Chennai - 600035 044-42139952 info@fsisindia.com Quick Links Home About Us Services Enquiry Contact Us Sitemap Our Services Cockroach Control Rodent Control Mosquito Control Termite Control Wood Borers Control Bed Bug Control Get in touch! FSIS Headquarters Old No.22A/1, New No.55, 4th Main Road, East CIT Nagar, Chennai - 600035 044-42139952 info@fsisindia.com Copyright 2019 © FSIS India. All rights reserved. Designed by ColorPages.