Ventana Distributing – Put It On Ice Skip to content Home Contact About Us Team Customers Brands Manufacturers RICHTECH ROBOTICS BEAR ROBOTICS Menu Home Contact About Us Team Customers Brands Manufacturers RICHTECH ROBOTICS BEAR ROBOTICS Twitter Facebook PUT IT ON ICEWelcome to Ventana Distributing Company Learn MoreBEAR ROBOTICSLet the Robots Do the RunningLearn MoreAMERICA'S FAVORITEProud to be Arizona's Exclusive Hoshizaki DistributorView Products Previous slide Next slide Since 1986 Located in Metro Phoenix... Located in metro Phoenix, Ventana Distributing is a wholesale distributor that has proudly represented premier specialty restaurant equipment companies in the State of Arizona since 1986. We carry a large inventory of ice makers and reach-ins to accommodate our valued customer’s immediate needs. Read More Experience the World of Hoshizaki Ventana Distributing is proud to represent Hoshizaki America, Inc. as its exclusive distributor for the State of Arizona. Hoshizaki is the world’s largest manufacturer of commercial ice machine/equipment with facilities located around the world and headquartered in Peachtree City, GA. Explore Products See What's Possible with Hoshizaki Servi Runs, You Serve. From running orders to bussing tables, from the dirty work to dish delivery, we will help you find the right solutions for your business. Learn More Our History Ventana Distributing was founded and incorporated by the ownership of Taylor Freezer Sales of Arizona (Taylor) in 1986. Taylor became one of Hoshizaki America’s original distributors when they entered the United States ice maker market in 1984. At that time, Hoshizaki was… Read More A Few of Our Outstanding & Valued Customers: CONTACT US for Sales and Service Our Sales Team will be able to help you make the best decisions for your needs AND our Service Team will be able help you keep moving forward. Give us a call or stop by today! Ventana Distributing Company 2825 East Chambers Street Phoenix, Arizona 85040 (602) 268-3386 - direct (800) 475-5595 - toll free [email protected] www.ventanadistributing.com Twitter.com/VentanaArizona Facebook.com/VentanaDistributing Office hours: 7:30AM – 4:30PM Monday-Friday Send us a Message Send Message Copyright 2021 / Ventana Distributing Company / All Rights Reserved / Site Design by Invicta