Prosume | Decentralizing Power Home About Services Projects Team Media News Events Contacts Menu Are you ready for the next energy revolution? The future are Prosumers – individual consumers, energy communities; businesses will exchange and sell energy at a cheaper price and more sustainably, maximizing the use of renewable and local sources. Decentralized, decarbonized, digitized policies are the only possible future for sustainable energy matrices. CONTACT US WHAT IS PROSUMEPROSUME is the energy data management blockchain-based platform PROSUME Platform Focus Thanks to its own decentralized and self-regulated monitoring system, it guarantees an autonomous, independent and digitized smart place allowing users to source energy from local and green generation. Prosume promotes rapid acceleration of new energy community models. PROSUME Platform Keypoints Renewable energy sources prioritization Decentralized Decision-Making Energy Exchange at local market and community levels Full Traceability Co-ownership of power plants. PROSUME Platform Benefits Flexibility in the choice of power sources Real-time ascertained cost control Transparency and Trustworthiness among members Enhanced Grid Operation & Maintenance WHY PROSUME “We strongly believe in the sharing energy model based on the peer to peer exchange system, for this reason PROSUME platform has as its main goal to be the most innovative place to develop energy communities, in order to give everyone the possibility to exchange energy in a more transparent, traceable, accessible, flexible, resilient and sustainable way”. Alfredo Giardina, Co-founder PROSUME ENERGY FOUNDATION QUICK LINKS Download the DeckFollow a manual added link Watch the Videos Contact Us OUR APPLICATIONSThe PROSUME platform can be customized depending on the users’ needs. Our applications are provided on a B2B model to all the companies that are willing to offer innovative and digitized services to their customers or to the managers of local distribution and/or generation infrastructure. ENERGY COMMUNITIES / P2P EXCHANGE The platform allows optimal management and tracing of energy flows within a community or a local energy market. Consumers and prosumers use their unique IDs to automatically acquire locally produced electricity or share/sell the energy surplus generated by their PV plant. The system also administers the settlement and sub-billing procedures, the eventual co- ownership of the plant and guarantees transparency to all the members of the community/P2P market. GRID BALANCING Our solution allows for significant efficiencies in demand-response functions at an aggregated level (the community/local market). This feature can be interesting for aggregators and BSPs that are willing to offer flexibility products to TSOs/DSOs for system balancing and improved stability. ENERGY SOURCE TRACING Prosume helps businesses achieve their decarbonization goals. Our “Energy Source Tracing” service certifies the procurement of energy from green power sources. The system monitors renewable power plants activity, generating “green tokens” that uniquely match the energy consumed. Learn more ENERGY DATA CERTIFICATION Our platform guarantees the certainty and immutability of consumption data coming from each single load or sensor. An easy interface encourages each user to adopt sustainable habits, generating energy savings while preserving comfort and personal choice. SMART BILLING & AUTOMATED PAYMENTS Thanks to smart-contracts, Prosume provides user-friendly, reliable payment methods. Energy providers benefit from daily, automatic and precisely measured utility bill payments from offtakers, minimizing delays and collection costs. ROADMAP September 2016 Developing of the Exchange Platform Concept January 2017 Utility and Energy Community MARCH 2017 First Pilot Project with E-Steiermark (Austria) in Europe JUNE 2017 Delivery First Pilot Test Project February 2018 Completion of the Pilot Project June 2018 e-Prosume: JV between Evolvere & Prosume January 2019 Beta Release of the Private Unlocked Trading Platform Q1 2020 Beta Release of the Public Trading Platform OUR TEAM Mattia De Vecchi CEO Alex D’Elia President & CIO Pierluigi Maori CTO Massimo Ferronato CTO Giovanni Quaglino Marketing & Product Strategy Giacomo Beretta Business Developer Alessia Borge Country Manager Spain Luise Müller-Hofstede DACH Business Developer Karolin Langfeldt DACH Business Developer Carlo Riganti Legal Fabio Cedronio Business Developer Italy Amanda Lim Communications & Branding Giovanni Gelpi Business Development 12345678New European BauhausPursuing sustainability, inclusion and aesthetics in collaboration with EIT Climate-KIC From a large pool of 1029 applications, twenty highly innovative European start-ups and scale-ups have been selected for the EIT Community Booster receiving business growth and support services worth EUR 50 000 each. Prosume is one of them. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE Barcelona Energy CommunityBarcelona Energy Community In Q4 2018 we won a grant from the city council of Barcelona to develop the Barcelona Energy Community, a pilot project focused on the blockchain registration of data related to energy consumption, production and storage of the municipal buildings. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE e-ProsumeIntegrating blockchain with smart home gateways Italian energy aggregator Evolvere has allied with Prosume in an unprecedented partnership between a leader in the distributed generation sector and a blockchain solutions provider. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE Energy Commons ProtocolInteroperability between and within energy systems The Energy Commons Protocol (ECP) leverages DLTs to break data silos and centralisation in the energy sector. ECP completes our offering by allowing the interoperability between them and with the energy infrastructure. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE SNAMTrading platform for the Italian NG TSO Prosume developed, on an experimental basis and for the first time on the global market, a solution based on distributed technologies for the bilateral purchase and sale of natural gas. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE WattsdatTracking efficiency with the energy as a service ledger The Energy as a Service Ledger (EaaS Ledger) is a blockchain-based platform developed by PROSUME and Wattsdat, to ensure transparency, certainty and security of energy data between service providers and consumers. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE DLT4EUEnabling P2P energy exchange PROSUME responded to the DLT4EU challenge “Enabling Peer-to-Peer (P2P) Energy Solutions”, by developing an integrated, technologically advanced system that allows Local Energy Communities, facilitating civic exchange networks. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE PrizePursuing the social good PROSUME has been awarded the ‘Blockchain for Social Good Prize’ from the European Commission! Our open source and interoperable blockchain solution for sustainable and decentralised energy production and consumption has been selected among almost 200 applications coming from 43 countries worldwide. FILL THE FORM TO GET THE CASE I agree to the Privacy Policy * QUESTIONS? CONTACT US… Name* First Last OrganizationRolePhoneEmail* UntitledConsent* I agree to the privacy policy.*CAPTCHA Alternatively, you can join our 24/7 Telegram or email us to info@prosume.io QUESTIONS? CONTACT US… Name* First Last OrganizationRolePhoneEmail* UntitledConsent* I agree to the privacy policy.*CAPTCHA Alternatively, you can join our 24/7 Telegram or email us to info@prosume.io CONTACTS Prosume S.r.l. Corso Venezia, 54 20122 Milano – Italy info@prosume.io KEEP IN TOUCH FOLLOW US PROSUME™ website uses cookies to improve your navigation experience and to help us improve the site. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKMORE INFO Scroll to top