Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Homepage Home Overview About Chairman of the Story of the Story of the Leader Group introduced the organizational company's qualification enterprise honorary individual honor group Group Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. ShaanxiCompany, Milun Hotel, Milun Hotel, the official website of Kaiyun Group (China) Careive Training School of Kaiyun Group (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.Gansu Huafei Miao Muqing Shenghui Water Conservancy Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Lanzhou subsidiary center work work project completion project company culture Culture employee cultural lifeOffice Environmental Party Construction Cultural Group Construction Cultural Love Public Welfare News Dynamic News Industry Dynamic Housing Construction Dynamic Highway Dynamic Human Resources Live Human Resources Job Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.The Group's Group adheres to the purpose of "seeking survival, development with benefits, building first -class projects, and creating first -class benefits" to carry forward the "pragmatic, efficient, innovative, and aggressive" corporate spirit.Established on May 3, 2012, with a registered capital of 160 million yuan, the official website of Qingyang Kaiyun Group (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Garden Landscape Engineering Co., Ltd., Gansu Hongyuan Science and Technology Engineering Testing Co., Ltd.公司、庆阳弘璟设备租赁有限公司、庆阳圣辉水利水电工程有限公司五家公司和平凉、兰州两个子公司组成，具有公路工程施工、房屋建筑工程施工总承包贰级资质、公路路基、Highway pavement engineering professional contracting class 工 质, municipal public engineering construction general contracting third level, 3 general contracting of water conservancy and hydropower engineering construction, and steel structure professional contracting third qualification.The Group adheres to the purpose of "seeking survival, development with benefits, building first -class projects, and creating first -class benefits" to carry forward the "pragmatic, efficient, innovative, and aggressive" corporate spirit. After years of hard work, the total assets are 127.75 million yuan.Among them, fixed assets were 47.75 million yuan and mobile assets were 80 million yuan.Enterprise equipment is well -equipped, advanced in technology, and strong strength.Promote dedication, vigorous, vigorous, self -improvement, and dare to be the first corporate style.Following safety production and continuously growing the company, increasingly strong and rapid development.There are currently 243 employees in the company, including 100 managers, 85 college degree or above, and 43 technical personnel.The Story of the Chairman of the Chairman's speech group introduced the Organization Enterprise Enterprise Qualification Enterprise Honor Personal Honor Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Kaiyun Group official website(China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Shaanxi Branch was established on July 23, 2021. It is registered in Meilun Hotel in Xifeng District, Xi'an Economic and Technological Development Zone, Shaanxi Province.It is strong, but follows the trend of fashion. It is the so -called Classical and Modern Meilun Lili Hotel Milun Lili Hotel is a mid -to -high -end hotel that integrates accommodation, catering, and conferences.The hotel is located in the official website of Kaiyun Group (China) Kaiyun Group (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Vocational Training School in Kaiyun Group (China) Caiyun Co., Ltd. Vocational Training School in Qingyang City, Xifeng District, Qingyang City.It is an official website of Qingyang Kaiyun Group (China) Garden Landscape Engineering Co., Ltd., a well -known school approved by the Human Resources and Social Security Bureau of Qingyang City to create a green ecological space in Gansu, Gansu HongyuanScience and Technology Engineering Testing Co., Ltd. serves the construction of the traffic economy development and transportation construction of traffic engineering quality testing and technology consulting Qingyang Hongye Equipment Leasing Co., Ltd. Construction Construction Machinery Leasing;Forest fruit seedlings and excellent varieties promotion, fruit trees high -quality decontamination seedlings breeding view more viewing more NewsThe purpose of building a first -class project and creating first -class benefits, carry forward the "pragmatic, efficient, innovative, and aggressive" corporate spirit, Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.... Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. third system certification ... Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Group's first sports meeting and bonfire party ... 1 2 3 4 Company News | Industry News |Fangjian News | Highway Dynamics | Greening Dynamic Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. The favorite company colleagues, everyone: today is a exciting day, July 2, 2017, on this overflowing this overflowingIn a happy and peaceful day, we stayed in a new office building.Over the past few years, all our colleagues have been in the company ... Details >> Speaking at the starting ceremony of the construction project of the Gansu Branch of the National Mizi Improvement Center ... 08-18 Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.System Certification 03-11 Kaiyun Group Official Website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Group Games and Bonfire Gala 10-25 Company Annual Conference December 26, 12-26 South Water Diversion Middle Line Project Entering Flood Control Preparation Source Title: South Water and North Diversion Middle Line ProjectEntering the flood prevention preparation period on April 12th, the staff of the Xinle Management Office of the South Water Diversion Middle Line of the Middle Line inspected the life -saving equipment at the River River Invoicing Swiping Sage.Affected by the El Nino phenomenon this year, the South Water Diversion Middle Line Project ... Details >> Beijing 100,000 square meters of suspected dangerous houses will strengthen flood control 05-14 "Reduction of disaster risks to build a safe city" 0. Directly strikes the emergency drill of flood prevention ...01-09 Accelerate the pace of the construction market unified and open the pace to promote the construction market to uniformly open the New Deal to implement the implementation of the new policy next year ... In response to the strong market barriers to reflect the strong market barrier, in 2013, the "Notice on Doing a Good job in the supervision and management of construction enterprises cross-provincial contracting business" was issued in 2013On the basis of it, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development has recently issued the "Several rules on promoting the unified and opening up of the construction market ...... Details >> Six ministries and commissions to release support for new industries and new formats 05-20 National Development and Reform CommissionThe Ministry guides the localities to establish and improve the city's underground comprehensive ... 05-20 Provincial Highway Administrative Bureau's Third Party Branch to carry out "two studies, one doing" study and education ... On May 19, the Provincial Highway Administration Bureau's Third Party BranchFocusing on the main line of "the party must manage the party and strictly govern the party", we have carried out a special learning activity of "two studies and one doing", and recommended outstanding party workers and outstanding Communist Party members.At the meeting, the branch secretary and branch ... Details >> The Tianshui Highway Administration has multiple measures to strengthen the "green channel" management 05-23 The province's highway system carefully carried out the "safe production month" and "safe production of Longhara".Activity ... 05-23 The largest span of the steel truss cable bridge in the world successfully Helong 05-23 Speed up garden greening construction and creation of national garden cities.The title of city, striving to create national garden cities has become accelerated the development of urban and rural gardens, improved the urban living environment, enhanced urban taste and popularity, and promoted life ... Details >> Lanzhou Yuzhong County 17.4 million to build a urban green belt "Fang Rong "05-23 Lanzhou New District Accelerates the Planning and Design of Intercity Railway Greening Project 05-23 Project Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.The purpose of creating first -class benefits "to carry forward the" pragmatic, efficient, innovative, and aggressive "corporate spirit 2019 Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.2017 Southern resident ... National Mizi Improvement Center Gan ... On May 8, 2018, Heshui ... Understanding S223 West and Zhiwu ... Jingning County 2016 Charity ... Huachi County JiuKilnkou to Nanliang ... Qingyang City osmanthus osmanthus comprehensive industry ... Qingyang state -owned Xiangle Forestry ... Jingning County's rural highway system ... Zhenyuan Heping to Shangzhuang 7 ... 2019 KaiyunGroup's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.Highway Yuchi to ... S220 Luyuan to Qin'an Highway Yuchi to Lotus Section III section is undertaken by Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.The three bid sections of the reconstruction project from West and Wudu Highway from West and Wudu Highway were ... On May 8, 2018, Heshui TV Station ... On May 8, 2018, Heshui TV StationHeshui County, which is undertaken by the Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. ... National Mizi Improvement Center Gansu Division ... National Mizi Reform Center Gansu Branch Construction Project Zhengning County 2017 South Southern Southern to Miaogou and other ...In 2017, Zhengning County's 11th and Miaogou, including 11 and other villages, the ZNTCSG1 tabs ... The chairman of the group's profile chairman delivered a speech.(China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Shaanxi Branch Xifeng District Milun Hotel Meilun Lili Hotel Qingyang Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Vocational Training SchoolGarden Landscape Engineering Co., Ltd. Gansu Hongyuan Technology Engineering Testing Co., Ltd. Qingyang Hongye Equipment Rental Co., Ltd. Gansu Hua Fei Seedling Breeding Co., Ltd. Qingyang Shenghui Hydropower Engineering Co., Ltd. Kaiyun Group official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Pingliang pointsCompany Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd. Lanzhou Branch Center Working Project Completion Project Completion Project Cultural Employee Cultural Life Office Environmental Party Construction Cultural Group Construction Cultural Love Public Welfare News Dynamic Company News Industry Dynamic House Construction Dynamic Highway Dynamic Greening Dynamic KaiyunGroup's official website (China) Kaiyun Group's official website (China) Kaiyun Co., Ltd.-1 Technical Support: Innovation Technology VNS Platform (Venice) China Co., Ltd. | [Ledong Online] China Co., Ltd. | Kaiyuan Sports APP official website download (China) Co., Ltd.Company Official Website | Sports League bet platform (China) Co., Ltd. | Rolling ball betting platform (China) Co., Ltd. | JS Sands (China) Co., Ltd. official website | Buy ball · (China) official website |