Sally Freedman Author Skip to content Author Home Book Reviews About Services Media contact Home Book Reviews About Services Media contact Sally Freedman Buy Book About Sally Get Your Tits Out for the Lads true stories from a woman in football Sally Freedman’s “Get Your Tits Out for the Lads” takes readers on an extraordinary journey through the masculine and enigmatic world of football, offering a unique perspective from an intelligent and ambitious woman. Buy Book Published by: FairPlay Publishing Book Synopsis A fascinating memoir offering readers an intimate look into the triumphs and challenges experienced sports executive Sally Freedman encountered whilst working in the male-dominated world of football. Sally Freedman’s “Get Your Tits Out for the Lads” takes readers on an extraordinary journey through the masculine and enigmatic world of football, offering a unique perspective from an intelligent and ambitious woman. “Get Your Tits Out for the Lads” delves into the exhilarating highs, the heart-breaking lows, and the awe-inspiring moments that defined Sally’s experience as a woman working in football in Australia, New Zealand, and Europe. Sally’s candid storytelling starts with an anecdote from Portugal in 2004 where she describes a moment which explains the book’s title. She then takes the reader on a journey from Portugal in 2004 to Switzerland in 2022 with a humorous and sometimes acerbic narrative which includes some gripping behind the scenes insights from her working life at football clubs and international governing bodies. While “Get Your Tits Out for the Lads” is entertaining, it also provides a genuine insight into the realities of navigating a world traditionally dominated by men. Through her personal triumphs, setbacks, and unwavering resilience, Sally tells a brave and compelling story which shines an important light on sexism, misogyny, and gender equality. What Readers Are Saying "This book is vital reading." Jonathan Northcroft, Chief Football Writer, The Sunday Times “Sally strikes the right tone in spades in her book. Her personality comes through: the strong sense of injustice, laced with amazing humour. No intellectual jargon, only excellent storytelling. Hands-thrown-in-the-air absurdity but with a very serious core. An amazing book, which you won’t be able to put down.” Dr. Winston Pickett, Director of Communications "Sally's eye-opening account of the misogyny in football is a fantastic, important read. I could not put it down as her writing style kept me hooked. By speaking out, Sally is giving women in sport a strong voice, which will likely encourage others to speak up. I would definitely recommend reading this amazing book." "Full of thought-provoking and entertaining examples, this book gives a great insight into how sexism affects women in football both on and off the pitch - and shines a light on how it impacts all of us. I’d also highly recommend it to teenage boys in the hope that educating at a young age will help speed up progress!" Meet the Author Sally Freedman is an accomplished professional in the world of sport. Sally received the only full academic scholarship to study a masters in business (sport management) at Griffith University in Australia. Since graduating, Sally has worked at Melbourne City Football Club, Wellington Phoenix Football Club, the 2015 Asian Cup, the 2018 Gold Coast Commonwealth Games, and UEFA in Switzerland. Sally has worked in different areas including marketing, communication, fan engagement, protocol, ticketing, and spectator services. Follow Me Instagram Twitter Linkedin Copyright © 2023 Sally Freedman Author | Developed by WebstarX Photography – Sebastien Moret / FairPlay Publishing Scroll to Top