CM Expert, The Best Appliance Repair services in Toronto (647) 492-2696 Search Home About Services Heating Repair HVAC Repair Furnace Repair Appliance Repair Walk-in Repair Dishwasher Repair Coin Laundry Repair AC Repair Miele Appliance Repair Refrigeration Repair Toronto Testimonials Get Quote Call us quickly (647) 492-2696 Aaffordable, Fast And Reliable Appliance Repair in Toronto Providing a top level of repair services and care to your home appliances. CM Expert Services is a best selection on both commercial and residential appliance concerns, we deliver results quick and efficiently Contact Us Now Contact us Full Name * Email address* Phone Number Message Send now Who is CM Expert? About CM Expert A specialized team of experienced technicians thriving to help clients in their needs. Finding a leaky appliance, or one that just isn’t working right is terrible, especially when you don’t have extra time in the day to tend to it. Like you, we’re busy New Yorkers who don’t have a lot of precious time to waste. We understand that you want straightforward answers to your questions and an excellent appliance repair service that solves problems. Don't worry when it comes to selecting an appliance repair service to take care of your home needs, CM Expert makes your decision right. We offer affordable best pricing, courteous and reliable service from trained experts, and guarantee all our workmanship and parts. Contact Us Now Our Services Our Service Plans To Meet All Your Demands Don't worry when it comes to selecting an appliance repair service to take care of your home needs, Top Appliances Repair makes your decision right. We offer affordable best pricing , courteous and reliable service from trained experts, and guarantee all our workmanship and parts. WASHER REPAIR Ewww! Is that stain on your shirt? REFRIGERATOR REPAIR Is your food warm when it shouldn't be? FREEZER REPAIR On a separate note, is your ice melting? OVEN REPAIR Stove not working? Oven not cooperating? VENT HOOD REPAIR Let the kitchen breath again! MICROWAVE REPAIR Insert Ramen; cook for one minute. CM Expert FRIDGE REPAIR IN TORONTO At Certified Mechanical, we are your go-to local refrigerator repair service in the Greater Toronto Area. We offer reliable refrigerator repair services for both residential and commercial customers in the GTA. In unfortunate cases when these pieces of equipment malfunction, a qualified expert should be called in immediately. For a successful business or happy home, you need your appliances working in tip-top condition. Keeping your fridge working properly demands that you have access to a local refrigerator repair service in Toronto that you can trust. A fridge is like any other machine -- it needs periodic maintenance from time-to-time to keep it working properly. For that reason, you need a truly professional team, with the right experience to accurately diagnose any issues with your fridge, as well as suggest and carry out any necessary repairs to a high standard. At Certified Mechanical, we are up for the task! A Call Back Your Full Name * Your Phone Number * Request now Testimonials What Our Clients Said «Certified Mechanical was great. They are quick efficient, and looking out for you. The guys that came out to install were wonderful. They were friendly, took their time to make things right and explain everything to me. I know this installation was a hard fit but they did an amazing job. They are very skilled, well mannered and professional. I am glad I went with them. Would definitely recommend to anyone.» Kathy Joe. 5.0 out of 5 «Great job!!! I called them early in the morning for the air duct cleaning services and they came after 30 minutes. The specialist were so nice, complete the work so fast and feel like they were very trustworthy. So I recommend them for the duct Services. If you want good service and honest people. This is the place for you. Thank you for your amazing work...» Igor 5.0 out of 5 «Anthony and his team was prompt professional and efficient. They were very attentive to our maintenance of our furnace, air-conditioner and gas fireplace. He was very thorough and honest as well as reliable. I would thoroughly recommend them. I will be calling in the future for any questions or concerns I may have great job. Thank you.» Issac Joey. 5.0 out of 5 «I had an issue with my fridge not being able to say cold enough. I called on Sunday morning and they were able to send technicians by Monday afternoon. The two technicians were friendly and professional and were quickly able to resolve my issue as well as provide some helpful maintenance advice. I am happy that they were able to repair my fridge and not have to buy a new one in a middle of a pandemic» linter experts. 5.0 out of 5 More Services Appliance Repair Walk-in Repair Dishwasher Repair Coin Laundry Repair AC Repair Heating Repair HVAC Repair Furnace Repair Contact us Get Quote Today Your Full Name * Your Phone Number * Your Email address Your question Send now Contacts: Phone: (647) 492-2696 Address: 29 Lloyd Ave, Toronto, ON M6N 1H1, Canada Quick links Home About Us Testimonials Get Quote Blog Services Heating Repair Toronto HVAC Repair Toronto Furnace Repair Toronto Walk-in Repair Toronto Dishwasher Repair Toronto Coin Laundry Repair Toronto AC Repair Toronto Miele Appliance Repair Refrigeration Repair Toronto © Copyright 2022. Appliance Repair and Maintenance All Rights Reserved. Made By Quad Marketing Solutions.