A learning site that can be learned for free even for beginners for FX for free from zero!Learning site that even FX beginners can learn from zero for free from zero! Login / Member Registration Wish List Home FX Learning FX Learning starts here [Basic knowledge] [How to use MT4] [Technical analysis] [Funda analysis] [Fund management] FX tool MT4 Paid indicator MT4 Free indicator InquiriesIf you forget the login password you are not, please register as a member.Personal data is used for other purposes described in the website, managing access to accounts, and explained in the privacy policy.Member registration ● Those who learn FX for the first time ● [For FX complete beginners] Learning start ● Method developed by FX ● ● Learning content ● [Basic knowledge of FX] [How to use MT4] [Technical analysis]Analysis] [Fund management] ● Free FX Tools ● MT4 [Simiku Secret Kit] Free MT4 [Simiku Bollinger Band] Free Injikator [Simikaku Risk Risk Ward Check] Free ● Blog ● MT4 alert email push notifications that can be used in MT4Setting method summary!List of MT4 Blog Lists FX Lears Lesson List 2023.07.15 ① Forex beginners start learning here!Welcome to "Shimiku FX Lab"!I want to be the caretaker of "Shimiku FX Lab"!For beginners who are starting FX from now on, it is a long way to go, but while gradually gaining the knowledge of FX together ... 2023.07.23 ② [Basic knowledge] Let's learn about FX trading hours (market time)!In this lesson, you will learn about FX trading hours (market time)!Suddenly, why is it possible to trade 24 hours except on Saturdays and Sundays in FX?That's why FX is simultaneous for traders around the world ... 2023.07.23 ② [Basic knowledge] Let's learn about the trading time (market time) of FX!In this lesson, you will learn about FX trading hours (market time)!Suddenly, why is it possible to trade 24 hours except on Saturdays and Sundays in FX?In FX, traders from all over the world simultaneously ... 2023.07.23 ③ [Basic knowledge] Let's learn trading style!Scalping?Swing trade?Recommended?In this lesson, we will learn about trading style!"Scalping Day Trade Swing Trade" FX in FX, a trading that repeats buying and selling in a few seconds to a few minutes ... 2023.07.23 ④ [Basic knowledge] Learn about candlesticks and charts!In this lesson, we will learn about candlesticks and charts!A screen that represents the price movement of FX and stocks that you have seen once.The following screen is called a chart.Actually, char ... 2023.07.23 ⑤ [Basic knowledge] Let's learn about time!In this lesson, I will learn about time.Not only FX but also stocks, but on the screen where price movements called charts can be seen, there are various time -legged feet such as 5 -minute chart and 15 -minute chart ... 2023.07.23 ⑥ [Basic knowledge] Trend range market priceLearn about!In this lesson, we will learn about the trend range market price.I have briefly explained the trend range market price before, but I will learn more in this lesson in detail.The market price is broad ... 2023.07.23 ⑦ [How to use MT4] Let's learn with MT4!Explain until you can trade with a demo account!In the FX Lab, we recommend that you use the MT4 platform to trade FX!MT4 has various functions such as chart analysis and ordering method, so it is a professional from FX beginners ... 2023.07.23 ⑧ [How to use MT4] Let's use MT4!In this lesson, we will learn the basic usage of MT4 and convenient usage!MT4 will be essential for doing FX trading seriously from here, so please master how to use it.MT4 ... 2023.08.03 ⑨ [How to use MT4] Learn about custom indicators!In this lesson, we will learn the procedure until it can be used by introducing a tool called custom indicator to MT4!What is a custom indicator of a custom indicator? De MT4 ... 2023.07.23 ⑩ [How to use MT4] Learn how to order MT4!In this lesson, you will learn various types of MT4 orders and their ordering procedures!I will explain it in an easy -to -understand manner while showing it in the actual image, so let's further deepen the understanding of MT4!New order of MT4 ... 2023.08.09 ⑪ [Technical analysis] Learn the importance of mustache!From here, I will learn technical analysis.Technical analysis is an important analysis method to judge trading entry and payment from the price movement of the chart. This lesson is a candlestick ... 2023.08.09 ⑫Is basically the strongest technical analysis.It is no exaggeration to say that any method is useless unless you master the support line resistance line ... 2023.08.09 ⑬ [Technical analysis] The previous lesson to make the "line" of the support resistance a "area"Then I learned about the "Support Line Resistance Line", but when I pulled the support line resistance line, "After all, which place to draw the line ... 2023.08.09 ⑭ [Technical analysis] Learn about roll reversal. In this lesson, you will learn about the technical analysis of roll reversal! What is a roll reversal? Roll reversal refers to a phenomenon in which support and resistance refers to this ... 2023.08.09 ⑮ [Technical analysis] Candical analysisLearn the foot pattern "Outscape"!In this lesson, we will learn about the most important "outs cyber" among candlesticks.There are also patterns unique to candlesticks, but there are various types, but "Outscor" is low ... 2023.08.09 ⑯ [Technical analysis] Learn about chart patterns!It's okay if you learn the four patterns!In this lesson, we will learn about the technical analysis of "chart pattern"!Chart patterns are technical analysis that are often used not only in FX but also in stocks and cryptocurrencies.Chart Pata ... 2023.12.04 ⑰ [Technical analysis] Learn about the trend line. In this lesson, we will learn about "trend line"!The trend line is knowledge that can be applied not only in FX but also in stocks and cryptocurrency!What the market price is now and how it works in the future ... 2023.12.04 ⑱In this lesson, we will explain "tension" and "contrarian"!I've heard only words, but I don't understand!I think there are many people, but I can learn well in this lesson ... 2023.12.04 ⑲Sho!We explain from the meaning of words to how to use it!What is pushing and returning?What is the direction of the chart and the return sale? 2023.12.05 ⑳In this lesson, we will learn about fundamental analysis.There are various types of FX analysis methods.Until now, I have learned about "technical analysis", but from this time, "Fanda ... 2023.12.05 ㉑ [Fundamentals Analysis] Learn about Mids Trade, Memorial Studies and Collect Information! In the previous lesson, in the previous lesson.I learned about fundamentals analysis, but this lesson uses three economic events, a second -hand price trading, and a key person to deepen the fundamentals analysis ...Incorporate the analysis into the trade! FX market analysis can be broadly divided into technical analysis and fundamental analysis. It depends on the trader, but not one of them, but to understand and make use of both points., ... 2023.12.05 ㉔ [Finance management] Learn the X%rules! Distribute original free tools! FX is attractive to be able to trade with a small amount of leverage, but it is accompanied by high risk.It is necessary to manage the funds. If the fund management is not solid, one trade at a stretch ... 2023.12.05 ㉕ [Finance management] Learn how to dispersive risk! Distributing investment method!There is a risk of trading and investment, but we will introduce a method that can reduce the risk as much as possible. [How to distribute the risk of investment?] ... Click here for details FX.Learning site that even beginners can learn free from zero! ▼ Click here for FX learning content FX learning Click here for FX method ▼ Shop MT4 Paid Indicator Free Indicator ▼ Guide MT4 Products How to use Product Sales Product Sales Conditions Specified Commercial Transactions Specified Commercial TransactionsNotation based on the law Privacy policy Copyright © 2022 ~ FX Lab ALL RIGHTS RESED.