Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Ir al contenido 916-342-9676 Home Services About Gallery Testimonial Contact Menú Home Services About Gallery Testimonial Contact Schedule pick up 916-342-9676 Schedule pick up Home Services About Gallery Testimonial Contact Menú Home Services About Gallery Testimonial Contact Say Aloha to your laundry needs with our Fluff n' Fold same day serviceContact now!Pick up and drop off available at your home or at the officeContact now! Diapositiva anterior Diapositiva siguiente Services At Aloha Wash-N-Wear we offer the highest-quality service and customer satisfaction. We provide service to customers in Citrus Heights, Rancho Cordova, Carmichael, Rocklin, Roseville, Granite Bay, Fair Oaks, Antelope, Orangevale, Folsom, Loomis and Lincoln. LAUNDRY BY THE POUND Premium service that guarantees your items including clothes, sheets, towels, tablecloths are returned freshly cleaned.$1.75/lb for in store drop off* COMFORTERS Ensure that your comforters are properly washed and dried using top tier equipment. We pay extremely close attention to every detail.Please call and ask for comforter pricing PICK UP AND DELIVERY Let us take the burden of laundry off of your hands with our deluxe pickup and delivery service from the comfort of your own home.$2.25/lb for pickup and delivery* LOAD AND GO Make the best use of your time by utilizing our Load and Go service where we transfer your items from washer to dryer for you.$5.00 per load plus the cost of drying. STORE INFORMATION LOCATIONS: 7601 Sunrise Blvd Suite #7 (Inside Paradise Laundry) Citrus Heights, CA 95610 Hours: Monday to Friday 8:00 AM to 3:00 PM 105 Ascot Dr ste A, Roseville, CA 95661 Hours: Monday to Friday 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM PHONE: 916-342-9676Please call in advance to schedule pick up and deliveries Gallery Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Aloha Wash N Wear | Same day service Testimonial “LOVE their service! been using them for a coupla months & they're, by far, the best (tried 3 others before getting lucky w/ Aloha)!” Ginger M. “Seriously best place ever! Thank you for always being so accommodating to my insane thing called life! I cannot say how much I love Aloha! Keep up the excellent service!!!” Kim M. “This place is great! I am so glad I found them! We have been very busy and they are also quick and our clothes are not only washed but also folded! Awesome! Their service is great and they are so down to earth and accommodating. Thanks!” Sarah T. Anterior Siguiente CONTACT Please contact us with any questions and we will try to respond to you within 48 hours. Contact us via phone for immediate questions. Aloha Wash-N-Wear needs the contact information you provide to inform you about our products and services. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time by formally requesting it through our contact mailbox. I agree to provide my data to Aloha Wash-N-Wear. Send Terms Yelp WEBSITE LINKS Home Services About Gallery Testimonial Contact Home Services About Gallery Testimonial Contact 7601 Sunrise Blvd Suite #7 (Inside Paradise Laundry) Citrus Heights, CA 95610 916-342-9676 Desarrollado por Consultora Inusual.