Geji County Promoting Dedicated Automobile Equipment Co., Ltd. Geji County Promoting Dedicated Automobile Equipment Co., Ltd. Homepage Profile Cultural Product Service Success Case Information Dynamic Investment Merchants JourneyThe company is located at No. 526 Yingxun Road, Geji Town, Geji County, Ali District, Tibet Autonomous Region. Its main business: fire truck; water can foam fire truck;The project shall be subject to the documents approved by relevant departments.Geji County advocates dedicated automobile equipment Co., Ltd. to implement the deployment of the Party Central Committee and the State Council on the deepening reform of state -owned enterprises. In accordance with the relevant requirements of the State -owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission to grow and strengthen enterprises, it will continue to promote corporate reform, further adjust and optimize the industrial structure, and reasonably allocateResources, improve the core competitiveness, comprehensively improve the quality of the enterprise, and facing the two markets of international and domestic, and strive to work towards a larger goal.Geji County advocates special automobile equipment Co., Ltd. in the development of cooperation with industry personnel, joined forces to jointly develop and grow.At the customer level, strive to establish a stable customer foundation, and the business scope covers the fields of construction, design, industry, manufacturing, cultural industry, and wholly foreign -owned enterprises.Practical experience, satisfy different industries, do their best for enterprises, and provide reasonable and multi -faceted professional services.Geji County advocates dedicated automobile equipment Co., Ltd. adhering to the principle of "quality -oriented, serving the society", based on high -tech, scientific management, modern production, testing and testing equipment, and has established a complete product structure system, product products, productsVariety, complete structural system, stable performance and quality.Geji County Promoting Dedicated Automobile Equipment Co., Ltd. is an enterprise with a complete ecological chain. It provides customers with a comprehensive, professional modern decoration solution.Provide consumers with better products, more appropriate services, and competitive marketing models.Core value: Respect, integrity, respect, gratitude, cooperative business philosophy: customer, integrity, professional, team, successful service concept: sincere, professional, precise, comprehensive, reliable corporate vision: become more trusted innovative enterprise service open platform open platformAffiliated Enterprise Miyun District Zhaisi Furniture Factory Shouyang County Polying Environmental Engineering Co., Ltd. Baodi District Bingjie Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. Lizhou City intercept Human Resources Services Co., Ltd. Ziyang County Mass Trade Co., Ltd.Company Zengdu District Food Stuffy Technology Co., Ltd. Dongying District Government Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. Lizhou Soul Dog Information Technology Co., Ltd. Licheng District Fleeration Co., Ltd. Habahe County Caoka Agricultural Co., Ltd.Company Lintong County Shi Bao Consulting Co., Ltd. Urban Area No toy Products Co., Ltd. Jinshi City Battle Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Lazi County Pipping Exhibition Co., Ltd.Anci District Brush Teacher Feed Co., Ltd. Daeye City Insurance Technology Co., Ltd. Tongyu County, Tongyu County, Yahenong Technology Co., Ltd., Qimen County, Qimen County, Chongyang County, Chongyang County, Chongyang CountyChinese Painting Creative Working Room Rong County Rongxian Full Chew Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. Xichi Manchu New Material Technology Co., Ltd. Jinjiang City Electrical Electrical Co., Ltd. Linxi County Hellheng International Express Co., Ltd.Wealth Industrial Co., Ltd. Hangjinhouqi Qi Shan Teaching Co., Ltd. Geji County, Geji County advocates special automobile equipment Co., Ltd. Computer Edition mobile version of the mobile version of Tibet Autonomous Region Ali District, Gyunxun Road, Gyunxun Road, Geji County, Geji County