AKAL ASPIRASI SDN BHD Home About Us Services contact Custom Software Solutions. We provide Web development, Custom Software Development, Mobile app development, Business Intelligence and end-to-end IT solutions. about us Creative Solution and Frameworks We provide Mobile platforms, Full Life Cycle Frameworks and CMS, Business Process Re-engineering and study, Programming & scripting, Application platform, BI & big data solutions and etc Creative Solution and Frameworks Creative Ideas! We Love To Create Websites And Apps - We Do What We Love - We Design Love contact us creativity is just connecting things About Us The Story AKAL ASPIRASI Sdn Bhd is a IT solutions-based, branding and communications entity built on a set of beliefs that form the basis of accountable, logical. sustainable and process-driven branding. These beliefs are the driving force behind each and every branding activity, and form the basis of all our branding communications solutions. While engagement and experience are critical to building brands, they are finite in nature. When an experience is ongoing, it becomes a relationship. In today’s digital world, Brands are shaped as much by their customers as they are by themselves. A continual relationship with your customer is the foundation of your Brand, and your Brand is your business. AKAL helps you dig deeper to learn who your customers are and how your Brand is relevant in their lives. By opening a dialogue between you and your customer, we create value for both sides and in turn, create a Brand Relationship. WE STRIVE FOR A HIGHER GOAL Our approach looks beyond immediate business needs to frame your project as an ongoing extension of your Brand’s core promise. Work that is framed solely by business objectives can sometimes do harm to your brand in the long run. If your goal is simply defined as growing sales or generating leads, there are many ways to accomplish these short-term goals that can dilute your brand message or decrease trust in your brand. Just meeting a business goal is not enough. By ensuring that your work is done in a way that is more than just “on brand”, but also aligned with delivering your brand’s promise, we create continued business success that also builds lasting brand value. STRUCTURED IN YOUR BEST INTEREST We are built to offer you solutions that are in your best interest, not ours. Where most agencies tailor your solution to meet their overhead needs, our scale-able model allows us the flexibility to build the exact team your project needs. Our core project teams are experts and we work with a combination of specialized consultants and partners to build a team to match the type of expertise and amount of resources required to best suit you. Teamwork makes the dream work At AKAL ASPIRASI SDN BHD, we eliminate the conventional management hierarchy for the infinite development of brilliant ideas. “Work individually, excel together!” – This is our definition of teamwork. Brainstorming is the most common exercise of the company; we do it over and over again constantly and have never got jaded with that as it always generates free-flowing creative ideas and constructive solutions.  Excellence Our clients come to us with problems. We love that. Hand us your business challenges, branding dilemmas, and technical mysteries – nothing energizes us more than solving them.  Agility Ideas are great, but it takes technical acumen to put them to work. We develop applications that power profitable websites. HTML, CSS, JavaScript – we provide the nuts and bolts that hold our projects together.  Innovation We create. It’s more than what we do – it’s who we are. We produce ideas that save our clients money, win them new customers, and enhance their brand image.  Expertise We’re not new at this. We’ve created corporate branding and websites for dozens of happy clients. Our clients love us Notice how we call them “happy customers”? We commit ourselves to our clients’ satisfaction. We’re not happy until they are. work? it's just serious play Services we create responsive websites  Web, Mobile and Business Solution Development Regardless of the type of mobile app you have in mind, we have a solution that fits your business needs. Our mobile business solutions include full native iOS and Android apps, web-based hybrid apps and native cross-platform apps.  Full-Stack Web Development Utilizing best practices and the latest technologies— .NET, Java, PHP, Node.js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, frameworks and more—we handle front-end design and back-end development to deliver integrated web applications that can help you surpass the competition.  General Software In addition to mobile technologies and web technologies, we have expertise in Java desktop, Windows desktop and Mac desktop software solutions, giving you options that fit your business environment.  Quality Assurance As a means of eliminating issues during the development process, we follow strict quality standards and guidelines to ensure your business objectives are met. We thoroughly monitor the software development process in order to deliver features and functionality that surpass your expectations.  Project Management Keeping your project on scope, on time and on budget is our primary goal. We do this by allocating the appropriate resources, eliminating silos and adhering to your preconceived business goals and objectives.  Agile Scrum Methodology Flexible and adaptable with an emphasis on collaboration denote our approach to software development and workflow. By following the Agile Scrum Methodology, we move swiftly and accurately through the development process and give our customers a voice in all decisions and iterations. Visit us: 1-23-5 MENARA BANGKOK BANK, BERJAYA CENTRAL PARK, JALAN AMPANG, 50450 KUALA LUMPUR, MALAYSIA. Mail us: general: info@akal.my Call us: P: +603 2787 9131 F: +603 2181 6027 ©2018 AKAL ASPIRASI SDN. BHD. (1072363-X). ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.