heelsempowerment.com Skip to content heelsempowerment.com Menu Home About Instructors Book Merchandise Reviews FAQ Contact Menu Home About Instructors Book Merchandise Reviews FAQ Contact BOOK Founder & Director of Heels Empowerment Geo Rose “MY DRIVE IS EMPOWERING PEOPLE THROUGH DANCE. MY GOAL FOR ALL MY HEELS EMPOWERMENT CLASSES IS TO CREATE A SAFE ENVIRONMENT FOR PEOPLE TO EXPRESS THEIR SENSUALITY." Heels Empowerment was created to empower people to own their sensuality in a safe environment. The founder Geo is extremely passionate about making people feel confident in their own skin to own and appreciate their bodies. Geo began teaching heels workshops in 2019 where she then later in the year began teaching regular heels classes every Monday which turned out being a huge success! MEET THE TEAM Book your Classes, Courses, Workshops and Events. CARDIFF Open Class Courses & Packages Workshops BOOK HERE BRISTOL Open Class Courses & Packages Workshops BOOK HERE EVENTS FOLLOW OUR SOCIALS FOR EVENT UPDATES COMING SOON FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA FOR BRISTOL CLASSES & EVENT UPDATES 1/2 Zip Rated 0 out of 5 £25.00 Select options Beanie Cream Rated 0 out of 5 £12.00 Add to basket Beanie Black Rated 0 out of 5 £12.00 Add to basket Long Sleeve Crop Top Rated 0 out of 5 £15.00 Select options Empower Merch MEET THE TEAM GEO More Info Amber More Info Martha More Info Ysabel More Info GET YOURS GET YOURS GET YOURS GET YOURS EMPOWER MERCH Frequently Asked Questions WHAT DO I WEAR? Wear what empowers you! Have a look at our Instagram @Heels_Empowerment posts to see what other queens wear. Make sure your outfit doesn’t restrict your sexy moves.-Leggings-Tracksuit-T-shirt-Sports Bra-Anything you can move freely in WHAT SHOES DO I WEAR? We recommend the Joheela shoesOur personal favourites are the Lisa, Lexie, Ericka, Emily, Emma, Lena, Ines and Stella heel.SO MUCH CHOICE.-Click on your preferred heels & select either 8.5cm or 10cm stiletto height-Choose “all floors” sole-Go to your basket and enter the discount code “GeoRose” for £ off​You don’t have to wear heels, it is optional. If you for any reason do not want to wear heels that is fine! AM I A BEGINNER? If you have never danced before or even in heels then yes you are a beginners.Heels has it’s own technique so starting at a beginner level session will be perfect for you. WHAT IS OPEN CLASS? Open Classes are catered to all levels. You can book one session at a time so no need to make a commitment each month. You learn a full routine in the one hour session. WHAT IS COMMERCIAL? Commercial is a style danced in trainers. It is a fusion of different styles of dance such as heels technique, hip-hop, street, jazz, latin and many many more.Check out our Instagram videos of when the queens are dancing in trainers and that is the most accurate representation of our commercial vibes! BEGINNERS COURSE The Beginners course is perfect for you if you have never danced or danced in heels before.It teaches you all the fundamentals and basics where you can feel yo’self at the same time.It is once a week for a month.We have 4 levels in total which remain on the same day at the same time but you don’t need to commit to the full 4 months – don’t worry!The full 4 month period will give you all the tools to further progress to our inter-foundation and intermediate course.You would also feel more confident to join the Monday or Tuesday open classes!We will announce through posts and dm when the next months new intake for the course will be so keep your eyes peeled!If you want to make sure you get a space for the following month, drop us a dm @Heels_Empowerment and ask to be added to the reserve list to get full updates sent directly to you. BESPOKE PACKAGE Do you want to learn a dance that’s made just for you? If this sounds like a bit of you, then listen up!DM Heels Empowerment to express your interest and we will add you to the reserve list for the available months. Approaching the month we will dm you asking if you would still like to book. You will need to let us know what song you want and GEO will create a personalised routine and teach it to you.You will need to give 3 weeks notice so the sooner the better queen. As soon as dates are confirmed, we will need payment to confirm your space.Availability lies between 9am-3pm on weekdays and Sundays 3pm-7pm.3 Privates (2.5 hours to learn and 0.5 to film) is £150! In this time you will slay the choreography and get it films with all the best angles and lighting by Geo.This service includes:-A routine made just for you-Song of your choice-Choreography to suit your level-Can be in Heels, Commercial or Lyrical  5/5 “Without being dramatic, Heels Empowerment has changed my life. There’s something so pure about being ina room with so many supportive women who you grow so close to. It’s such a support network. Looking back at my first classes, I was a shell of the woman I am today and I feel like im on my glow up. I wouldnt be where I am today without the confidence of everyone making me believe in myself. You have created such an amazing space and I am healing just being involved. Thank you.” “Consistently the best part of my week” “The most supportive and empowering environment ever” “I joined the open classes and it was a bit too intense but I didn’t give up, I joined the beginners course and I absolutely LOVE IT! I cant wait for next month and since having a baby Ive lost my confidence due to my ‘mum tum’. The classes make you feel amazing about yourself and everyone in the classes are so lovely, I cant wait to get back” “The best part of my week. You have all really helped me to love myself.” “My mental and physical health has improved so much already, I’ve started feeling a lot more confident in everything I do and it’s given me a passion for something I never knew I’d get the opportunity to enjoy. I cant go a day without dancing in the kitchen to the radio making up my own routines and I absolutely love the life its brought back into me.” “Best part of my week. Gives me time to be by myself and confident with inspiring women.” “The highlight of my week. A safe place to be sassy and make new friends.” “Just an absolute joy, I leave every class feeling happy, inspired and grateful.” “Honestly the best thing I have done this year. It’s given me confidence and reminded me how good it is to be around women supporting one another.” “I loved the beginners course so much, everyone is so supportive and amazing. I feel so sexy and comfortable in my body. My energy has changed dramatically, thank you so much for creating this safe space to empower so many women.” “Heels Empowerment has given me a confidence I never knew possible.” “Literally my favourite part of my week. No matter how bad your day has been, everything gets left behind the second you walk through those doors. The instructors and the girls in the class have built up my confidence so much and I’ve made some of the best friends.” Get in touch FLAME DANCE STUDIOS, TEMPLAR PARC, CARDIFF CF24 5EW THE HIDEOUT BRISTOL, UNIT 2, WHITE ST, ST JUDE'S, BRISTOL BS5 0TS Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Submit Name *Email *QuestionSubmit HEELS EMPOWERMENT © 2023. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Of Service X Scroll to Top