Home - B.R Educational Foundation & Institute Pvt.Ltd Skip to content +9779863511100 info@brfoundation.edu.np Thulobharyang Search for: TOP MENU Primary Menu Home Contact us About us All Courses Courses Notice Online Test Korean Online Test Apply Now Search for: Apply Now +9779863511100 info@brfoundation.edu.np Thulobharyang Archives December 2023 Categories EPS-NOTICE Korean Language Uncategorized Best Creative Learning Platform !! Learning a language involves acquiring its grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. Practicing regularly, immersing oneself in the language and culture, and setting achievable goals are all essential for success. VIEW COURSES GET ENROLLED Courses Notice Programs Events Admissions Why Choose Us To Gain Knowledge ! Choose us to gain knowledge because we offer reliable and up-to-date information, easy access to learning resources, experienced instructors, and a supportive learning community with personalized attention. Experience Teacher Years of practice, patience, innovation and dedication make for a successful teacher experience. Online Test We have online test of Korean EPS-TOPIK|IELTS|PTE Our Best Courses The best course is one that challenges and inspires you to grow and learn. Korean LanguageBR EducationEPS-Korean Language24 WeeksAll levels0 Lessons0 Quizzes0 Students₨24,000.00Read more VIEW ALL COURSES Our Trending Categories Our trending categories are Korean Language, IELTS, PTE, Computer Course, Japanese Language, Tuition, finance. EPS-TOPIK EPS-TOPIK (Employment Permit System-Test of Proficiency in Korean) is a language test for foreign workers seeking employment in South Korea. IELTS IELTS (International English Language Testing System) is a test that measures English language proficiency. It & Software IT and software are crucial in modern businesses, providing efficient tools for storage, analysis and communication of data. PTE PTE (Pearson Test of English) is a computer-based exam that assesses English language proficiency. Accounting Course Accounting course teaches financial management, budgeting, record-keeping, and preparation of financial statements for businesses. Graphics Designing Graphics designing is the art of creating visual content to communicate ideas and messages effectively. Tuition Tuition classes are supplementary educational services that provide extra learning opportunities outside of formal school hours. Computer Course A computer course is an educational program that teaches computer technology and skills to students. VIEW ALL CATEGORIES Admission Open for Computer Course. Computer courses are designed to teach individuals about the use and application of computers. They cover a wide range of topics such as basic computer skills, programming languages, software development, networking, security, and more. These courses can help individuals enhance their career opportunities and improve their computer literacy. APPLY NOW Admission Open for Korean Language 2023 Korean is the official language of South Korea and North Korea, with around 80 million speakers worldwide. It is a member of the Koreanic language family and has its own unique writing system called Hangul. Korean is known for its complex grammar and honorifics system. APPLY NOW Our Seamless Features Vel pulvinar adipisci laboriosam inceptos ipsum magnam impedit commodi maxime expedita consequatur doloribus. Tempora. 1 Skilled Teachers A skilled teacher inspires minds, encourages growth, and guides the future. LEARN MORE... 2 Affordable Courses Budget-friendly course options available for affordable education and upskilling. LEARN MORE... 3 Efficient & Flexible Efficient & Flexible: Adaptable performance optimizing productivity, achieving goals efficiently. LEARN MORE... Review's From Students Student reviews: feedback for improvement, validation.  4.5/5 Love the team, amazing customer service! Extremely happy with my purchase. Lomos Tamang Korean Language Student  4/5 Challenging, but ultimately rewarding and worth the effort.It helps me in every parts Susma Shrestha Computer Student MORE REVIEWS Checkout Our Latest Online Test Online test is a digital examination taken using a device with internet access. Uncategorized KOREAN EXAM SET-2 LEARN MORE... Uncategorized KOREAN EXAM SET-1 LEARN MORE... Uncategorized KOREAN EXAM SET-6 LEARN MORE... About us Key To Success Useful Links Our Support Contact Info Don’t hesitate to contact and feel free to reach us ! Thulobharyang,Kathmandu+977 9863511100info@brfoundation.com.np Support Privacy Policy Terms & Condition Copyright © 2024 B.R Educational Foundation & Institute Pvt.Ltd. Powered by Happay