Suissein Trust Investments | Checking & Savings for all Businesses – "Our Mission is to fulfill the financial needs of our communities with exceptional personal service, professionalism and integrity, and deliver meaningful value and results for customers and shareholders." Skip to content Contact Us About Us Contact Us About Us Personal Banking Checking Savings CDs IRAs Online Banking Mobile Banking Business Banking Business Checking Business Savings Business Mobile Banking Business Services Business Online Banking Loan Center Personal Loans Business Loans Mortgages Reverse Mortgages Home Equity Loans Construction Loans ONLINE BANKING LOGIN NEW ONLINE BANKING EXPERIENCE IS HERE Click Below to Log In LOGIN TO ONLINE BANKING Helping local businesses and your community thrive, together Experience a better kind of bank, bringing the best in smart, personalized banking to where you live. Your neighborhood is our neighborhood. Your success is our success. For all our neighbors, we are your bank. . Why Suissein Trust Investments? The purpose of Suissein Trust Investments is to serve customers. Real People, having Real Conversations and creating shared success. Banking Wherever You Are! You have goals. We have solutions. Wherever you are we’re with you. Literally! We’re committed to help you bank easier, from mobile apps to finding competitive rates, to getting a mortgage; banking with Suissein Trust Investments has never been this easier. Business Solutions We work with all types of small and medium sized companies. Do you need a business loan, tailored insurance or treasury management services? Then we can help. Learn More Personal Solutions Landmark Financial Trust is committed to helping you achieve your personal financial goals. When you bank with us, you get access to our full suite of services and the support of our expert financial advisors. Learn More Home Equity Loans Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit are available on your primary residence in amounts based upon a percentage of your home’s value, minus the outstanding balance on your current mortgage. Learn More Your trusted partner for all your big adventures Privacy Policy TERMS OF USE Contact Us About Us Copyright 2023© Suissein Trust Investments Personal Banking Checking Savings CDs IRAs Online Banking Mobile Banking Business Banking Business Checking Business Savings Business Mobile Banking Business Services Business Online Banking Loan Center Personal Loans Business Loans Mortgages Reverse Mortgages Home Equity Loans Construction Loans Contact Us About Us ONLINE BANKING LOGIN