The directorate of Academic Planning Home About Programme Division Activities Staff Contact Kwara State University The directorate of Academic Planning Get Started Kwara State University The directorate of Academic Planning Get Started Kwara State University The directorate of Academic Planning Get Started About The Department MISSION/VISION STATEMENT Mission The mission of Academic Planning Unit is to achieve the goals of the University through running of vibrant academic programmes that aid the achievement of world class status. Vision Our vision is to provide a roadmap for strategic direction for the University, articulate long-term goals and objectives while using the Key Performance Indicators (KPI) to implement the plan expeditiously. Brief History of the Department The Academic Planning Office of Kwara State University, Malete was created from the inception of academic activities on December 17, 2009 and as designed in the organogram, it is to be headed by a Director. The unit had Prof. Jamiu Sulaiman as the pioneer director and Prof. Bayo Lawal succeeded him as the director after the expiration of tenure of the pioneer director. Prof AbdulRauf Ambali was appointed as the director of theunit since 2016 till date with a lot of mile stone achievements for the university. The directorate is also complimented by the Director Liaison – Alh. (Dr) Hussaini Tunde Subairu and six other staff. Programmes HEAD OF DEPARTMENT'S WELCOME ADDRESS The directorate of Academic Planning, Kwara State University, Malete is a unit under the office of the Vice Chancellor. It is saddled with the responsibility of identifying the established long-term goals and short-term objectives of the institution and ensuring that policies are tailored towards achieving its mission (i.e. to be the fulcrum of a knowledge-driven society, building human competence and fostering determination and competition among people through the instrumentality of modern technology) while given priority to academic excellence, fostering major breakthrough in academic activities, and achieving overall growth and development in order to accomplish our dream of a ‘world class university’. Prof. AbdulRauf AmbaliAg. Head of Department PROGRAMME: The core programmes of the unit centres around three (3) main activities namely, Quality Assurance, Academic Curricula Planning, and Institutional Strategic Planning. Under quality assurance, the office is mandated to collect, synthesize, warehouse, analyze and disseminate institutional data to support institutional decision making. The unit serves as the primary source of facts and figures for the preparation of the Institution Strategic Plan. Academic Planning Office provides a constant review of existing database for planning and provides support services for key institutional wide committees. The Directorate provides enrolment figures by level, departments, colleges, and gender ratio. We also evaluate teaching effectiveness as well as students’ performances and produce documentation on faculty staff, books, journals, and publications. Presentation of memos to Council/Management on tuition enrolment and financial aid, accreditation status, growth analysis, and monitoring of the implementation of institutional budget. The unit is charged with ensuring the publication of institution records, statistics and research reports are up to date. Generally, the unit is saddled with annual reports and achievements of the university in line with its academic brief. The unit oversees administration of the student evaluation forms to students and peer evaluation to lecturers. The role of Academic Planning Directorate in Academic Curricula Planning is to serve as the liaison office of the National Universities Commission (NUC) by articulating the NUC’s requirements in mounting of new academic programmes, requesting for resource verification of new programs and accreditation or reaccreditation exercises as at when due. The unit provides all departments a Benchmark for Minimum Academic Standard (BMAS) and of recent known as Core Curriculum Minimum Academic Standard (CCMAS) needed for the development of new programmes as released by the NUC and ensure compliance. The Institutional Strategic Planning aspect of the activities is all about conducting a SWOT analysis with a view to providing a roadmap for strategic direction for the University, articulation of long-term goals and objectives of the University, and formulation of Key Performance Indicators (KPI) to implement the plan expeditiously. The unit is to ensure a long-term commitment of resources for the accomplishment of long term goals of the University. The office is responsible for the production of the 5-Year KWASU Strategic Plan. In summary, the office serves as the Secretariat for: KWASU Accreditation, Reaccreditation and Resource Verification Committee. KWSAU Strategic Planning Committee. Academic Staff Training and Development Committee. Quality Assurance Committee. University Research Council Committee. Conference Attendance Committee Goal: Our goal is to ensure a long-term commitment of resources for the accomplishment of the Universities mission and vision DIVISIONS ACCREDITATION OF ACADEMIC PROGRAMMES: Events/Activities/Programmes, No. Of Programmes and Status 2022 NUC Accredited programmes, 11programmes and has Full Accreditation ACADEMIC PROGRAMMES DUE FOR RE-ACCREDITATION IN 2023: Events/Activities/Programmes, No. Of Programmes and Status Faculty of Management and Social Sciences, 6 programmes and the status is Mature Faculty of Basic Medical Sciences, 1programme and the status is Mature Faculty of Engineering, 4programmes and the status is Mature. Faculty of Environmental Science, 1programme and the status is Mature. Faculty of Pure and Applied Science, 2programmes and the status is Mature. Faculty of Art, 4programmes and the status is Mature. ACADEMIC PROGRAMMES FOR RESOURCE VERIFICATION IN 2023: Events/Activities/Programmes, No. Of Programmes and Status Academic Programmes for Resource Verification, 8 programmes and Awaiting NUC Approval TETFUND ACADEMIC STAFF TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT SPONSORSHIP: Events/Activities/Programmes, No. Of Staff and Status Latest Beneficiaries of TETFund AST&D, 4 staffs and status is Ph.D. Latest Beneficiaries of TETFund AST&D, 1 staff and status is Bench Work ACHIEVEMENTS/MILESTONES Summary of Undergraduate Programmes: Total No. Of undergraduate programmes Approved by SENATE 70 No. of undergraduate programmes with FULL Accreditation 51 No. of undergraduate programmes with INTERIM Accreditation 1 No. of undergraduate programmes successfully resourced verified by NUC 18 Summary of Postgraduate Programmes i. Total number of PG Programmes with Senate Approval 90 ii. Total number of PG Programmes approved by NUC 90 Academic Staff Training and Development: Presently, the University has secured TETFund Academic Staff Trainings and Development scholarship for 163 academic staff to undergo further studies since inception. Conference Attendance: A total number of 488 staff of the University, both teaching and non-teaching have benefited from TETFund Conference sponsorship. Institution Based Research: A total number of 96 KWASU’s teaching staff, both have benefited from TETFund Institution Based Research Manuscript/Books: The directorate facilitated publishing of 2 manuscript to books through TETFund Public Policy Analysis Medical Parasitology Journals: The directorate facilitated publishing of 2 journals through TETFund: Journal of Technoscience Journal of Humanities Admission Qouta: We have just secured an increase in the University’s admission quota from NUC. The directorate is delighted to mention that our admission quota has been increased by NUC to 11000 slot. OUR STAFF Prof. AbdulRauf Ambali Director, Academic Planning Directorate The directorate of Academic Planning Email:abdulrauf.ambali@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-803-706-8551 Alh. (Dr.) Hussaini Tunde Subairu Director, Liaison Email:hussaini.subairu@kwasu.edu.ng Abdulmalik Adebayo Oba-Aluko Abdulkadir Senior Planning Office Email:abdulmalik.abdulkadir@kwasu.edu.ng Ganiyu Deji Abdulraheem Planning Officer 1 Email:ganiyu2.abdulraheem@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. E.N. Aiyudu B.A. (Ife), PGDPR (NIJ) Asst. Chief Technologist Email:abubakar.saad@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:aiyudu.edwin@kwasu.edu.ng --> Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies, Faculty of Arts , Kwara State University, Malete. P.M.B. 1513, Ilorin Email: michael.agboola@kwasu.edu.ng . Director, Academic Planning Directorate Prof. AbdulRauf Ambali Tel: +234-803-706-8551 Email:abdulrauf.ambali@kwasu.edu.ng Director Liaison Alh. (Dr.) Hussaini Tunde Subairu Email:hussaini.subairu@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/