Kashurba Skip to content About Contact Menu About Contact Let's Talk Now Wildly Profitable Digital Advertising! We’re the secret weapon lead generation team behind some of the largest and fastest growing companies in North America. Let's Talk Now Generate Hundreds, or Thousands, of Leads Per Day Increase Lead Quality AND Quantity Lower Cost Per Acquisition to Scale Profitably A Whole New Strategy for Customer Acquisition - the Kashurba Way! Honored in the Inc. 5000 as one of the fastest growing digital advertising companies in the USA! Check it out! The Kashurba Way At Kashurba, we are about results. We specialize in direct response advertising, always focused on YOUR bottom line. The difference between Kashurba and every other marketing agency – we don’t focus on marketing…we focus on advertising! No blogging, podcasting or blindly following ad platform best practices. We don’t grow your brand, we grow your sales and profit! Why Kashurba? Recognized by Inc. magazine three years running in regional and national competitions for growth and entrepreneurial success, Kashurba is the next generation in digital advertising.Relentlessly focused on our client’s bottom line, Kashurba specializes in breaking through barriers to advertising success, consistently beating standard results based on platform “best practices.” If you know how to convert leads to sales and are ready to scale, then Kashurba is the place for you! That's why you need Kashurba.com At Kashurba, we collaborate and work closely with key executives and partners to understand your business needs, growth opportunities, and concerns.We use our expertise to create exceptional advertising strategies for accelerated lead generation. Traditional vs. Kashurba Traditional Model Low Lead Count or Bad Quality Leads Boring Ads That Don't Get Clicked and Landing Pages That Don't Convert Inability to Scale Profitably Ad Platform Best Practices Don't Provide Results Lost in the Branded Crowd of Competition Kashurba Model Drive High Quantity AND Quality Leads​ Established and Proven Advertising Strategies – NOT Brand Awareness​ Deliver Impactful and Accurate Results​ Access to Experienced Subject Matter Experts​ Increased Productivity Due to Streamlined Processes​ What We Offer "In-House" Agency: This model allows “Team K” to function as an extension of your in-house team and gives you direct, real-time access to our subject matter experts. With this model you can... Determine Your Monthly Budget Collaborate with Our Experts for Advertising Creative Receive In-Depth Data Analysis for Performance Schedule Now Performance Marketing: Non-branded and branded performance marketing partnerships. We spend our own money on ads, and you just pay for results! With this model you can... Leave the Content Creation and Strategic Planning to Us Never Worry About Maintaining Your Advertising Campaigns Have Confidence in Our Proactive and Technical Capabilities to Scale Your Business Partner Now DIY: Learn the ropes and proven techniques of direct response advertising to launch successful campaigns that generate high-quality leads. With this model you can... Work at Your Own Pace to Learn About the Various Advertising Platforms Have Access to Videos and Content that Walk You Through the Direct Response Process Attend Roundtable Conversations with Kashurba Subject Matter Experts Reserve Now Let's Talk About Lead Generation! Schedule a FREE 15-minute call to learn how we could help you get an additional 100, 500 or even 1000+ leads every single day. Schedule Now 113 South Center AvenueSomerset, PA 15501 (814) 201-1431 support@kashurba.com Quick Links About Contact Privacy Policy About Contact Privacy Policy Services Facebook Ads Youtube Ads Tik Tok Ads Google Ads Performance Marketing Facebook Ads Youtube Ads Tik Tok Ads Google Ads Performance Marketing Follow Us Facebook Linkedin © Copyright Kashurba Web Design Group, LLC 2023. All Rights Reserved. Site by Float About Contact About Contact Let's Talk Now