Daily News - Skip to content Daily News HomeAnimalsToggle website search Menu Close Home Animals Toggle website search Recent Posts Royal expert shares new theory on Kate’s surgery – worrying detail raises questions Post author:Etribune Post published:January 19, 2024 Post category:News Post comments:0 Comments Princess Kate has been at the London Clinic in London for three days. Per the Kensington Palace’s statement released Wednesday, the Princess of Wales underwent a planned abdominal surgery on… Continue ReadingRoyal expert shares new theory on Kate’s surgery – worrying detail raises questions Kate Middleton to stay in the hospital after surgery – doctor says it can take months before she can “move around normally” Post author:Etribune Post published:January 18, 2024 Post category:News Post comments:0 Comments On Wednesday, Kensington Palace announced that Kate Middleton has undergone a planned abdominal surgery at a private hospital in London. The operation was successful, and the Princess of Wales will… Continue ReadingKate Middleton to stay in the hospital after surgery – doctor says it can take months before she can “move around normally” Incredible teamwork: brave elephants protect a weak calf from a lion. Post author:Etribune Post published:October 27, 2023 Post category:Animals Post comments:0 Comments A group of elephants worked together to protect a young elephant from lionesses who were planning to eat it. A photographer named James Gifford caught the lionesses in Chobe National… Continue ReadingIncredible teamwork: brave elephants protect a weak calf from a lion. A picture of a majestic white cougar was taken in Brazil’s unspoiled Atlantic Forest. Post author:Etribune Post published:October 27, 2023 Post category:Uncategorized Post comments:0 Comments A stunning set of pictures of a very rare white cougar has gone popular on the internet. Even though these four pictures were taken in 2013, they are now very… Continue ReadingA picture of a majestic white cougar was taken in Brazil’s unspoiled Atlantic Forest. Get ready to be amazed: a photographer has taken stunning pictures of a rare animal that lives in the sand. Post author:Etribune Post published:October 27, 2023 Post category:Uncategorized Post comments:0 Comments Wildlife is something that most people who love animals do, even if they don't like snakes, reptiles, or frogs. People often think of snakes as scary because their eyes, tongue,… Continue ReadingGet ready to be amazed: a photographer has taken stunning pictures of a rare animal that lives in the sand. See how a brave baby elephant fights a wild buffalo. Post author:Etribune Post published:October 27, 2023 Post category:Uncategorized Post comments:0 Comments The young elephant tried to scare the big buffalo bull away. The buffalo charged the elephant, but its huge horns quickly threw it into the air. Conrad Cramer, a wildlife… Continue ReadingSee how a brave baby elephant fights a wild buffalo. Super Mom Can’t Be Stopped Even though it is very old, a grizzly bear welcomes its 17th cub! A sweet story about being a mother! Post author:Etribune Post published:October 26, 2023 Post category:Uncategorized Post comments:0 Comments Bear 399, a grizzly bear from Wyoming's Grand Teton National Park who is 24 years old, just gave birth to four cubs. This is very rare for bears because they… Continue ReadingSuper Mom Can’t Be Stopped Even though it is very old, a grizzly bear welcomes its 17th cub! A sweet story about being a mother! Incredible act of bravery: a man saves a 400-pound black bear that is drowning. Post author:Etribune Post published:October 26, 2023 Post category:Uncategorized Post comments:0 Comments In the wild, you can find huge animals like black bears. Their amazing bodies can get up to 6 feet tall and weigh around 400 to 600 pounds. Imagine coming… Continue ReadingIncredible act of bravery: a man saves a 400-pound black bear that is drowning. Beautiful wildlife photography: a skilled photographer gets up close and personal with a black wolf in Minnesota. Post author:Etribune Post published:October 26, 2023 Post category:Animals Post comments:0 Comments Think about how exciting it would be to see the world through the eyes of a powerful, beautiful being.In Minnesota, Conrad Tan was lucky enough to get very close to… Continue ReadingBeautiful wildlife photography: a skilled photographer gets up close and personal with a black wolf in Minnesota. A man jumps into a canal to save a fox cub that was about to drown. Post author:Etribune Post published:October 26, 2023 Post category:Animals Post comments:0 Comments Leicestershire Live reports that 57-year-old Russ Bellingham was walking with his sister near the Grand Union Canal in Market Harborough when he saw a baby fox struggling in the water.… Continue ReadingA man jumps into a canal to save a fox cub that was about to drown. 1 2 3 4 … 24 Go to the next page SearchSearchRecent PostsRoyal expert shares new theory on Kate’s surgery – worrying detail raises questions Kate Middleton to stay in the hospital after surgery – doctor says it can take months before she can “move around normally” Incredible teamwork: brave elephants protect a weak calf from a lion. A picture of a majestic white cougar was taken in Brazil’s unspoiled Atlantic Forest. Get ready to be amazed: a photographer has taken stunning pictures of a rare animal that lives in the sand. Recent CommentsNo comments to show.Archives January 2024 October 2023 September 2023 Categories Animals Celebrities Creativity Nature News Photograpy Uncategorized Copyright - OceanWP Theme by OceanWP