ServiceTech About How Capabilities Portfolio Clients Contact What we do We create experiences that transform brands, grow businesses and make people’s lives better INTEGRATED MARKETINGBuilding brands and driving sales with a cross-channel, digitally-led approach to communications. DIGITAL BUSINESSCreating products and services that transform organizations for the digital economy. How we work Small teams working on big challenges in honest collaboration with our clients Our Organisation Small Teams • Interdisciplinary teams with big ideas. • Design and prototyping from day one. Client as a partner • Clients join the team to help us truly understand their business. • Putting users first transforms client organizations and how we work together. A simple, iterative process Learn, Iterate, Launch Like what you see? Check out our portfolio PROJECTS OUR CAPABILITIES Business, Innovation & Product Strategy Business Consulting Content Strategy & Development Customer Relationship Management ECommerce Experience Design Integrated Campaigns Media Mobile & Emerging Platforms Product Design Social & Communications Technology Services SELECTED PROJECTS American Express Barneys Gucci REVOLT Joe Fresh Target Lowe's RH Contemporary Art SELECTED CLIENTS STG IDEAS Why Design Driven Companies Thrive Greater user empathy yields more useful products The number of companies that have been founded by designers are few. But those that have successfully integrated design into their company DNA have produced innovative solutions to user needs and created a lasting positive impact to their brands. Why the Best Designers Don’t Specialize Those who treat UX like a rigid set of tasks and capabilities will be left behind, outpaced by digital natives who intuitively break down disciplinary boundaries The digital world is at an inflection point, and the implications demand that organizations—from big companies to startups to marketing agencies—hire designers who are smart generalists. What Matters Now: Retail The key digital and mobile trends transforming retail. Users expect an integrated experience between online and in-store The retail landscape is changing rapidly, driven by factors ranging from mobile ubiquity to changing customer expectations to the rise of social media. The rapid pace of digital and mobile innovation is shifting the retail landscape in ways both large and small. Simplicity in Design The complexities of simple How can designers distill complexity to elegance without losing sight of the purpose and meaning behind the design? You don’t have to fight very had if you can do simple testing. Let users decide. Because if it works, there’s no debate Visual design trends may come and go, but simplicity is forever. Tom JohanssonAttractor CEO Changing Behavior with Design Bridging the digital and physical space Whether an app helps people connect with family or keeps track of physical fitness, it should bridge the digital space and the physical one. That’s how businesses help users change their behaviors. Ultimately, apps that transcend digital will be most effective in helping users accomplish tasks, and therefore more successful in the marketplace. Matt GreeneRepublic CEO What Matters Now: How Digital Can Boost Luxury Brands In a rapidly growing global luxury market, brands should put digital at the center of their strategies to attract new customers and retain existing ones Luxury brands should instead recognize the significant opportunities that digital creates, both in attracting new customers and retaining existing ones. Scott RosenbergSouthCentral CEO REQUEST A CALL BACK Do you have a potential project you’d like to discuss or simply want to get in touch? Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Your phone (required) Your Message ServiceTech Group 1011 Budapest, Szilágyi Dezső square 1, 2nd floor, Neuschloss Palace [email protected] Copyright 2022 ServiceTech Group. All rights reserved.