Massive Lifestyle - Bringing your creativity to life... E-mail Us Log in / Sign in Username or email * Password * Lost password? Remember Me Log in 0 0 No products in the cart. Return To Shop Shopping cart (0) Subtotal: $0.00 Checkout Free shipping over 49$ Home Web Solutions Request a Quote Contact us Search input Search Home Web Solutions Request a Quote Contact us My account Facebook Twitter Instagram Google plus 0 0 0 Shopping Cart No products in the cart. Return To Shop Shopping cart (0) Subtotal: $0.00 Checkout Free shipping over 49$ We Create Beautiful Websites YOU ONLY GET ONE CHANCE TO MAKE A FIRST IMPRESSION play_circle_outline Get Started Make A Bold Statement STRIKING DESIGNS THAT ATTRACT AND ENGAGE YOUR VIEWERS play_circle_outline Get Started You only get one chance to make a first impression and we know your website will attract clients when working with us. Websites need to be both beautiful and functional and our websites are both. If your site does not properly convey your brand, services, products and calls to action it is no better than a printed brochure sitting in a draw. We can make sure this does not happen by leveraging our website build best practices gained through years of experience and 1000s of sites. WordPress DevelopmentResponsive Web DesignWooCommerceGraphic Design WordPress Development WordPress is open-source content management system written in PHP and paired with a MySQL. The easy-to-use, search engine friendly, flexible development platform. WordPress provides a user friendly content management system (CMS), that allows you to easily make changes on the fly. Easy to edit Search engine friendly Highly customizable Most popular CMS in the world Responsive Web Design Professional graphic design solutions for all your advertising and marketing needs. We specializes in high-impact graphic design with professional execution. We bring existing ‘tired’ brands to life or create an original, distinctive brand identity to suit your business. Logo design Infographics Ebook creation WooCommerce Sell online E-Commerce Shopping Carts provide you with a platform to sell your products online. WooCommerce gives you the ability to sell online, 24/7. Built on WordPress Accept Payment online Easy store management with notification Ecommerce optimization Graphic Design Professional graphic design solutions for all your advertising and marketing needs. We specializes in high-impact graphic design with professional execution. We bring existing ‘tired’ brands to life or create an original, distinctive brand identity to suit your business. Logo design Infographics Ebook creation Website Packages We Offer We help local businesses reach their growth potential and dominate their markets by implementing proven marketing systems. Our job is to be expert in marketing, and specifically local marketing, that leverages technology to achieve maximum results, so that our clients can focus on what they do best – running their business. Let us help you today! BASIC WEBSITE PACKAGE $697.00 • 3 Pages Website Design • Interactive, Web Design • Custom WordPress Development • 1 Stock Images • Basic Logo • 1 Revisions • Content Management System (WordPress) • Mobile Responsive • Contact Form • Google Friendly Sitemap • Complete Source Files ORDER NOW - BASIC WEBSITE PACKAGE ONLY $697.00 PROFESSIONAL WEBSITE PACKAGE $1497.00 • 7 Pages Website Design • Attractive & Responsive HTML5 Design • Custom WordPress Development • 5 Stock Images • Basic Logo • Custom Slider • 3 Revisions • Special Hoover Effects • Content Management System (WordPress) • 1 Basic Form (If Required) • Contact Form • Google Friendly Sitemap • Search Engine Submission • E-commerce set-up only • Complete W3C Certified HTML • Complete Source Files • Copy Protection for all pages • Dedicated Project Manager • 30days Customer Support & Maintenance ORDER NOW - PROFEESIONAL PACKAGE ONLY $1497.00 START-UP WEBSITE PACKAGE $997.00 • 5 Pages Website Design • Attractive & Responsive HTML5 Design • Custom WordPress Development • 3 Stock Images • Basic Logo • Slider • 1 Revisions • Special Hoover Effects • Content Management System (WordPress) • Contact Form • Google Friendly Sitemap • Complete Source Files ORDER NOW - START-UP PACKAGE ONLY $997.00 Let us build your website with our simple process CREATIVE PROCESS Your website is unique which is why we take the time to understand the goals your website is intended to accomplish. We learn about your needs, brand and company identity, and then determine the best course of action for online success. CREATING A PLAN After our initial meeting, we’ll construct an outline of your website development project. This will help determine what we’ll need from you, the project milestones we’ve established and our deadlines we put in place in order to achieve your goals. DESIGN Our team will design a draft of your website so you can begin to see your vision come to life. We design with your customer in mind, creating specific elements that will appeal to your target audience and facilitate growth for your business. WEB DEVELOPMENT After the design work is complete and you approve a final mockup, we send it off to our development team to turn your vision into reality. Our skilled developers utilize the latest coding practices as they begin to build your website. QUALITY ASSURANCE Before we launch your new site, we will take the time to comb through and ensure optimal performance once live. Our team double-checks all of the technical details that could prohibit a website’s success and addresses any issues that may be discovered. WEBSITE LAUNCH With quality and performance in check, we officially have the green light to launch. Through a seamless process, our team will set your new website live for the world to see! We will continue to monitor your site post-launch to ensure all is working as it should be. PRO WEBSITE PACKAGE IDENTITY PACKAGE $4997 NOW $3497.00 • Domain Booking for 1 year • Set up Hosting Installation & Configuration • Attractive & Responsive HTML5 Design • SSL Certificate • Blog Integration •5 Page Set-up with content transfer • up to 3 Hidden Pages • up to 3 business Emails • Custom WordPress Development • up to 5 Stock Images • Basic Logo • Custom Slider • 3Revisions • Special Hover Effects • Content Management System (WordPress) • 2 Basic Forms (If Required) • Contact Form • Google Friendly Sitemap • Search Engine Submission • E-commerce set-up only • Online Payment Integration • Complete W3C Certified HTML • Complete Source Files • Dedicated Project Manager • Basic SEO keyword optimization • Copy Protection for all pages • 30 days Customer Support ORDER NOW - IDENTITY PACKAGE ONLY $3497.00 CORPORATE PACKAGE $8997 NOW $5997.00 • Domain Booking for 1 year • Set up Hosting Installation & Configuration • Attractive & Responsive HTML5 Design • SSL Certificate • Blog Integration • 7-10 Page Set-up with content transfer • up to 5 Hidden Pages • up to 5 business Emails • Custom WordPress Development • up to 10 Stock Images • Signup Area (For Newsletters) • Basic Logo • Custom Slider • 3 Revisions • Special Hover Effects • Content Management System (WordPress) • 2 Basic Forms (If Required) • Contact Form • Google Friendly Sitemap • Search Engine Submission • E-commerce set-up only • Online Payment Integration • Complete W3C Certified HTML • Dedicated Project Manager • Complete Source Files • Social Bookmarking • Basic SEO keyword optimization • Copy Protection for all pages • 30 days Customer Support •Cookie Notice allows you to elegantly inform users that your site uses cookies and to comply with the EU cookie law GDPR regulations. ORDER NOW - CORPORATE PACKAGE ONLY $5497.00 Are you looking for a company that as what it takes to build your brand and explode your business on the Web? If so, you can check one thing off your list. Massive Lifestyle, understands when it comes to branding and building a name online you need someone who has the knowledge and skills it takes to make it happen. We help local businesses reach their growth potential and dominate their markets by implementing proven marketing systems. Our job is to be expert in marketing, and specifically local marketing, that leverages technology to achieve maximum results, so that our clients can focus on what they do best – running their business. InformationAbout Us Domain Help Hosting Help Email Marketing Tips Social Media Benefits Social Marketing SEO Helpfull linksShop Access Your Account Request a Quote Website Maintenance Terms and Conditions Contact us About us Email: support@massivelifestyle Phone: ‪(352) 432-1944‬ Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Youtube Payment methods Copyright © 2006-2024 Massive Lifestyle - All rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok