SSBIPS - Top Co-educational School in Dehradun India 2024-25 Home About Us The school Mission & Vision Messages From the Chairman's Desk From the Principal's Desk Our Campus Academics Admission Admission Rules Admission Process Withdrawal Enquiry Form Registration Form Fees Guidelines Guidelines for students Guidelines for parents Gallery Contact Us Enquiry Pay Fees × Previous Next Latest Events Dec 25 2023 - Merry Christmas from Sri Sai Baba International Public School Dec 17 2023 - Our little champs conquered hurdles and balanced lemons with giggles and glee! Dec 10 2023 - Human Rights Day SSBIPS stands as a constructive and effective learning medium with high professional standards, thus enabling children to reach their optimum potential. Inquire for an admission today ! Contact Today.. Welcome to Sri Sai Baba International Public School “Nasti Vidya Samam Tapah” Our school stands as a beacon of education dedicated to shaping well-rounded individuals equipped for success in an ever-evolving world. We believe in fostering not just academic excellence but also the development of crucial life skills. Our curriculum, coupled with modern facilities, aims to create an environment where students can explore, innovate, and grow. We strive to make our students future-ready by instilling a passion for learning, encouraging creativity, and cultivating a sense of responsibility. Principal's Message Education plays a key role in the overall development of the society. The role of education is definitely not limited to giving and grasping knowledge and theory. The true goal of education transcends much beyond just awarding degree and certificate to the students. SSBIPS not only focuses on the theoretical curriculum, but also help in the development of a student personality, extra-curricular activities and over all perspective. Everything that makes a good institution are - a highly trained faculty, rich library, placement division, teaching methods, liberty to think and express themselves - we have it here. I firmly believe that our SSBIPS is more than just a place to learn. It gives you a chance to grow by equipping with everything you need to achieve excellence. We are going to start more P.G. Courses in Science & Arts from this session. At SSBIPS we ensure students get the best start to their future career to become smart and careful citizen of our glorious country, India. I wish all the students a grand sucess in their career and prosperity in their future life. Principal's Desk Mr. Vijay Rajeev Wilson Principal, SSBIPS, Dehradun Your browser does not support the video tag. Latest Events & News Merry Christmas from Sri Sai Baba International Public School Wishing our SSBIPS family a day filled with joy, laughter, and the warmth of festive cheer! May this Christmas sparkle with moments of love and togetherness. Let the s.. Our little champs conquered hurdles and balanced lemons with giggles and glee! Epic moments captured as our little champs conquered hurdles and balanced lemons with giggles and glee! Their energy is contagious, and their spirit, unstoppable. Here.. Human Rights Day SSBIPS Stands for Human Rights! On this Human Rights Day, let's embrace the pillars of freedom, equality, and justice. At SSBIPS, we're not just a school; we&#.. Our Facilities The quality of school facilities and infrastructure make a big impact on a child’s learning and development in his/her formative years. MUSIC Music education touches all areas of learning. These include the psychomotor area which focuses o ROBOTICS LABS The Robotics offers students an exciting platform to explore areas rich with career opportunities PREMISES Our School covers an area of 5 acres with lush green grounds in sylvan surroundings. The school b LIBRARY The library has a huge collection of books of almost all genres of literature and text books and All Facilities Why Choose Our School Day Boarding Co-curricular Smart Classes Music Books Library Auditorium Art & Craft Dance Arena Dining Hall Infirmary Sports Laboratories Our Activities From confidence-building exercises to artistic exploration, our school is a hub of creativity and self-discovery. Let’s explore the multitude of activities that contribute to the holistic development of students. Sanskriti Diwas School Activities Yoga Annual Day SSBIPS@Social LinksFollow SSBIPS Dehradun on Facebook & Instagram. Our Gallery Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. Words from the parents "We are happy to have our child at the SSBIPS my child is very happy. The class teacher of my child is very kind-hearted and hard – working. I am happy to see my child ‘s improvement” Mr.Kamal Singh "School is awesome and the way of teaching is very practical My kids learning all the things very well staff is very good And co-operative" Mrs.Priyanka ERP Login About the School: Our school has been dedicated to providing a holistic education that goes beyond textbooks. We strive to equip our students with the skills, knowledge, and values necessary for success in a dynamic and competitive world. Contact Us Sri Sai Baba International Public School, Chidderwala, Haridwar Dehradun Highway, PO-Chidderwala 249206, District - Dehradun Phone: +91 8006993030 E-mail: ssbips.school@gmail.com CBSE Official Website CBSE Results Visitor Counter Locate Us © Copyright 2024 All Rights Reserved , Powered By Open Modal