Fence Company New Bern NC | Free Fence Estimates Skip to content Services Menu Toggle Vinyl Fences Wood Fences Pool Fences Chain Link Fences Aluminum Fences FAQs Main Menu Services Menu Toggle Vinyl Fences Wood Fences Pool Fences Chain Link Fences Aluminum Fences FAQs Fence company New Bern NC Residential Fence Installation in New Bern Years of Experience Installing Fences Offering Multiple Types of Fencing Make Your Backyard or Pool Area a Private Retreat Always FREE Fence Estimates! Residential Fencing Contractor in New Bern NC Does Your Home in New Bern Need a New Fence? We have years of experience building residential fences in New Bern, NC. This allows us to help you design and build the perfect fence for your home. Whether you want a pretty fence for curb appeal or a backyard privacy fence, we are here to help. We also install fences in James City, Southgate, Trent Woods, Greenwood, Edgewood. We know that everyone has a budget, and we work hard to provide you with a new fence that meets your needs and fits into your budget. We offer a variety of types and materials. If you don’t find what you need, we can always build you a custom fence. Contact us now to start exploring your options. Our team is dedicated to providing exceptional service and a high quality finished product on every job. Our customers are our highest priority, and we want you to be 100% satisfied with all of our services. We are careful and treat you and your property with respect, and are sure to leave you smiling. As experienced fence contractors, we are very efficient with our time on a job. We have the latest materials, equipment and processes to complete your new fence project. Our goal is to install your fence efficiently and safely at an affordable price. It is our mission to always deliver high quality and professional new fence installation services to Craven, Pamlico, and Jones Counties. Affordable Residential Fence Installation in New Bern NC & Craven, Pamlico, and Jones Counties Residential Fence Company in New Bern NC Are you looking to get a fence for your home and you don’t know where to start? Well let us help you decide what type of fencing is best for you needs and property. We are experienced fence installers in New Bern and know the ins and outs of what works for fencing in North Carolina climate. Fences are a great way to improve both the appearance and functionality of your yard. Installing a classic white picket fence will add instant curb appeal, and adding a backyard privacy fence adds instant outside play and entertaining space. There are many types of fencing available, so you can choose or customize and add your own personal flair to your property. Adding a fence to your home can help protect your pets and children, and improve security by preventing easy access to your property. Backyard privacy fences are very popular right now as people want to have their own personal space. Being able to enjoy your yard without the neighbors watching you is easily achievable with the right fencing. Privacy fences are typically about six feet tall and are usually made of vinyl or wood. When you start looking, you will find that you have many choices, including custom if you don’t find exactly what you want. Many HOAs do not allow solid fences, so be sure to check for rules and restrictions. If you have a pool or hot tub, you probably know that your local ordinances most likely require specific pool code fences. When it comes to swimming pool fencing, you will again find that you have choices ranging from minimal privacy to total privacy. Materials range from inexpensive chain link to high end metal fencing. We install many types and can help guide you through the decision process. When looking for front yard or property line fencing, you have many choices. Your decision will most likely be determined by what you are trying to accomplish (privacy, security, curb appeal) any local or neighborhood restrictions followed by your budget. In rural areas, chain link and wooden rail fences are often used to contain animals or define property lines. Like any investment into your home or yard, there is a lot to learn before making a decision. Research the pros and cons of different materials such as chain link, vinyl, wood and aluminum fencing. Think about what you are trying to accomplish by adding a new fence to your yard. And finally, you must consider the initial cost and the cost of future maintenance. You need to hire a fence company that can handle everything. Our fence contractors in New Bern NC will build you a high quality fence that meets your needs and objectives. We have lots of experience and can provide a variety of fencing options. Contact us today to start discussing your next fencing project in James City, Southgate, Trent Woods, Greenwood, Edgewood, Forest, Brices Creek, Olympia. Professional Fence Builders in New Bern NC ALUMINUM FENCE IN New Bern NC If you want a durable low-maintenance fence that provides both curb appeal and security, look at aluminum fencing options. They come in a variety of styles and colors, so you can choose the one that compliments your home. Many HOAs now require black aluminum fences. Many choose aluminum fencing for their swimming pool or hot tub area. Aluminum fences and gates are generally more expensive than other types of fencing, but require little maintenance. WOOD FENCES IN New Bern NC Wooden fences are a timeless and classic choice if you want to add privacy, security, and style to your outdoor space. With its natural look and feel, they add warmth and character to any property. There are different wood material options, including pine, cedar, redwood, and pressure-treated. Each has unique qualities so you can choose the type of wood that best fits your needs, budget, and personal style. Wooden fences come in different styles, including the classic picket fence. Picket fences, which are typically made of evenly spaced vertical boards, improve curb appeal and are a popular choice for front yards and gardens. Shadow box fences, also known as board-on-board, are another popular option that provides privacy while still allowing some light and air to pass through. Horizontal fences are also available. Wood fencing can be customized to fit your needs. From a small backyard to a sprawling ranch, there is a wood fence design that will fit your needs. In addition to providing privacy and security, wood fences are also used to define outdoor spaces and create a sense of visual interest. With the right design, a wooden fence can become a beautiful focal point of your outdoor space. Wood fencing is affordable and generally less expensive than other fencing materials. However, wood fences require more maintenance. Regular staining, sealing, and repairs are necessary to keep the wood looking great and to prevent rot and decay. Professional Fence Builder in New Bern NC & Craven, Pamlico, and Jones Counties Vinyl Fence in New Bern NC Vinyl fencing is a great option if you’re looking for an attractive low-maintenance and long-lasting fence. Unlike wooden fences, vinyl fences do not require any painting or staining, making them a low-maintenance option. They also do not rot, warp, or crack easily, even when exposed to harsh weather conditions. Vinyl fences come in classic styles like picket and privacy, and fancier versions with scalloped designs and lattice tops. There are also unique designs available, such as horizontal or panels that look like wood that offer a modern look. This allows you to choose a fence that adds to your home’s exterior and landscaping. Vinyl privacy fences are designed to offer maximum privacy and security, making them a great choice for residential properties, especially those with pools or outdoor living areas. With custom options available, you can create a unique and personalized design that matches your style and taste. While vinyl fences may be more expensive than some other materials, their long lifespan and minimal upkeep make them a cost-effective investment in the long run. Pool Fencing in New Bern NC Protect your family and meet local safety codes with a swimming pool fence from us. Adding a swimming pool to your home is a great investment, but it’s important to also consider the safety of your loved ones. In many states and localities, a pool fence is required by law. Our aluminum pool fences are designed to meet these regulations and can be customized to fit the dimensions of your pool area. Available in a variety of materials, styles and colors, our pool fences not only provide safety but also add curb appeal to your home. Regulations for pool fencing may vary, but a fence is typically required to be a certain height, have a self-closing gate, and meet strength and durability standards. Don’t let unsupervised access to your pool area be a risk – let us help you choose the perfect aluminum pool fence for your home. Reliable Fence Installers serving Craven, Pamlico, and Jones Counties NC Chain Link Fencing In New Bern NC Chain link fencing is an excellent choice for those who need an affordable, reliable, and durable fence that is low maintenance. Used for both residential and commercial properties, it is especially popular for large properties that require a lot of fencing. It is less expensive to install and maintain than aluminum, wood, or vinyl fencing. Chain link fences are also very durable. Resistant to corrosion and rust, and only require occasional cleaning and minor repairs. They can be coated with vinyl or other materials to extend their lifespan even further. Also called hurricane fence, this type of fence can withstand harsh weather conditions. They don’t offer any privacy or sound barrier, but there are options to help in these areas. Chain link fences and gates are also versatile and can be used in a variety of applications. They can be used to enclose a yard or garden, enclose a swimming pool or playground, or to secure areas. Frequently Asked Questions What are the requirements for a pool fence? Local and state rules will specify what is required for pool fencing. These requirements are called “code”, and a fence that meets the requirements is a pool code fence. Requirements vary, but typically include the fence’s height, strength, durability, and ability to prevent unsupervised access to the pool area. A pool code fence can help to reduce the risk of drowning or other pool-related accidents, particularly among children and pets. Be sure to check the local regulations in your area to make sure your pool fence meets the requirements. Do I need a permit for my fence? It depends on your where you live. Many HOAs have strict fence rules and often require permission prior to putting up a fence. Some cities and counties require a permit for fence installation. Check with your local building department. How much does a backyard fence cost? Backyard fences prices vary depending on the type of material used, the height and length of the fence, and any customization or special features requested. A basic wood fence can cost from $15 to $35 per linear foot, while a vinyl fence can cost $25 to $50 per linear foot. Aluminum and wrought iron fences are more expensive, with costs ranging from $30 to $85 per linear foot. Sites with difficult terrain, rocks, or lots of trees will drive the labor costs up. It’s best to get an estimate to get a more accurate cost based on your specific needs and property. Do vinyl fences hold up in the hot sun? Vinyl fences are designed to withstand extreme weather conditions, including hot sun. Unlike wood, vinyl does not warp, rot, or splinter in high temperatures. High grade vinyl fences are made of durable materials that can resist fading, warping, and other damage caused by sunlight, making them a good option for areas with intense sun exposure. Low quality fencing might warp and have colors fade from the sun. Ready to Get Started? Complete the form below and someone will be in touch with you shortly to discuss your fencing needs! Get Your Quote for Fencing Serving Craven, Pamlico, and Jones Counties. We provide fence installation services to homeowners in New Bern and surrounding towns including James City, Southgate, Trent Woods, Greenwood, Edgewood, Forest. Our crews have years of experience, and work hard to be sure you are 100% satisfied. Our goal is to complete your job safely and efficiently, and leave you smiling and enjoying your new fence. Questions about your new fence project? Contact us today for your FREE quote for fencing in New Bern. Need fencing in New Bern NC? We are residential fence experts and offer free estimates. Copyright © 2024|Fence Company in New Bern NC Scroll to Top