Home - ROAIA Constructions (+2) 23525477 info@roaia-constructions.com Nasr City, Cairo, Egypt Facebook ProfileTwitter ProfileLinkedIn Profile ISO 9001Certification 24/7Service QualifiedProfessionals Contact Us Home About Us Services Projects Career ROAIA Making Your Vision Become a Reality Get a Touch THINK SAFETY.WORK SAFELY. ROAIA Provide Quality Construction For Every Project. Get a Touch THINK SAFETY.WORK SAFELY. ROAIA Building With Vision, Quality, and Safety Get a Touch THINK SAFETY.WORK SAFELY. Design and Build Services General Contracting Works Renovations of Exterior & Interior and Remodeling alterations Construction Project Management Quality, Health & Safety Engineering Services QHS General Supply On Time WE BUILD THINGS DIFFERENTLY We can service all of your construction needs ROAIA Constructions was established according to the law of companies in 2001, and the Minister of Investment at the Commercial Registration Directorate at the Egyptian Committee for Building and Construction, as a small to medium-scale local company, and the company began to bid successfully for larger-scale projects. From contract delivery alternatives to progressive preconstruction and tech-driven construction services, ROAIA offers clients flexible options that keep information flowing, teammates collaborating, and projects on track. Contact Us +202 23525477 Our Email info@roaia-constructions.com 20+ Years of Experience 2000+ Qualified Engineers 747+ Work Facilities 6Billion Projects Budget LASTEST PROJECTS View our projects below, then get in touch with us We are proud to show you our latest projects. You will find a diverse gallery of developments, remodeling, additions and new construction. Cairo Security DirectoratePROJECT DETAILS PROJECT TYPE: Construction CLIENT: Ministry Of Internal Affairs PROJECT LOCATION: El Rehab City,Cairo Surface Area: 14,700 m2 Completed: 2020 – 2021 Read moreElectrical Express Train (HSR) Section ThreePROJECT DETAILS: Client: General Authority for Roads, Bridges and land Transport Location: Alamein Plot Area: 100 Km Scope of work: Infrastructure and Culverts Owner Consultant : SYSTRA - Shaker Consultancy Group Value of the project: 1.5 Billion Timeframe: 2022-2023Read more All Projects Chairman Message On behalf of ROAIA Constructions and for my part, it gives me great pleasure to welcome you to this website. With the growing pace of construction, it is inevitable that more and more organizations inside and outside Egypt seek fully operating companies, therefore, ROAIA had to focus on many aspects of the business giving top priority to quality, reliability, core competencies, and ongoing development. We also owe a debt of gratitude to the staff members and managers for their fruitful great efforts. “Aspiration is a path that begins and never ends for the better. Success is the goal, continuous development, training, and planning for the future is the only way to achieve this success. We, as a team, believe in this and strive to achieve it.“ Eng. Mostafa Abdel Daim Chairman OUR COMPANY We stay current with the latest applications and building technologies We build the finest homes and structures within our client’s budgets and time frame without sacrificing quality and workmanship. We work with you on all of your green energy ideas. We keep you up to date on the latest greenest building practices and materials. Construction Management This area delivers the control you want over all critical aspects of your project. Owner's Representation A good owner’s rep saves their client time, money and a lot of headaches. General Contractor Clients hire Bauer because we deliver great value, without question. Administration Projects – Aswan Security Directorate – Aswan. – Cairo Security Directorate – El Rehab Hospital Projects – Oncology Center – Mansoura University. Residential Projects – Future Housing for Military. Club Projects – Athletic Development Center And Olympic Pool – Sheraton. Educational Projects – Japanese University – Borg El-Arab. Infrastructure Projects – Naval Base Project – East Port Said. – Development of Industrial Zone – East Port Said. STAGES OF THE BUILDING PROCESS Building design and construction process — step by step 1Planning a successful build2Get your design right3Get a building consent4Complete your project OUR SKILL AND EXPERTISE Expertise, discipline and precision ROAIA Constructions was established according to the law of companies since 2001, and the Minister of Investment at the Commercial Registration Directorate at the Egyptian Committee for Building and Construction, as a small to medium scale local company, and the company began to bid successfully for larger scale projects Architecture 80% Building 70% Construction 90% TESTIMONIALS What our customers are saying about us Eng Mahmoud Maghawry Mohamed Head of the Central Development Authority - Ministry of Housing, Utilities and Urban Development Central Agency for Construction Acknowledgement With Sincere appreciation to ROAIA Constructions Company, we grant this certificate in appreciation from us for the sincere efforts exerted for speedy implementation, excellent performance, and high technology in the execution of the National Housing Project in New ElMinya City Call us and get it done When you hire us for construction services, you know you’re getting highly qualified professionals who have the expertise and experience to make sure your project is done properly and functions. Call Us Today We're here to help you get started in the right direction with your project. Get a Quote Construction Management This area delivers the control you want over all critical aspects of your project. Owner's Representation A good owner’s rep saves their client time, money and a lot of headaches. General Contractor Clients hire Bauer because we deliver great value, without question. The Company was established in 2001, and has accomplished a number of projects in various sectors and received a significant number of Quality Certificates based on a remarkable performance and quality of product. We are a leading diversified company carrying out construction, engineering and development. Useful Links About Us Services Projects Contact Us Our Printer Contact Working Days/Hours: Sat -Thu : 9:00 - 17:00 Building 8 Sunrise Towers, 202, in front of Pepsico, El Sefarat District, Nasr City, Cairo, Egypt(20)223525479nfo@roaia-constructions.com © 2023 BIGBANG, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED