home - Universal Chiropractic Care Services About Me Articles Testimonials Pricing Contact Menu Services About Me Articles Testimonials Pricing Contact I come to you, So you can feel better, Without the hassle-Dr. James Dunstan Welcome to Universal Chiropractic Care I am Dr. James Dunstan, aka. “Dr. J”, and I want to first and foremost thank you for coming to my website. I created this business and feel it is my purpose on this planet to help you become your best self using a chiropractic model that is proven to work and is done in the most convenient, organized and streamlined fashion. I began doing house calls in order to provide a more thorough, unique, personalized, and holistic approach to chiropractic care and go back to the roots of the doctor patient relationship, the house call model. I always want to give my patients the care that they deserve and this model allows for visits that are much longer than you would find in a normal office setting and goal oriented care is the hallmark of my approach to getting your desired results. Typical visits involve full spine manual adjusting, upper and lower extremity adjusting, soft tissue work done either manually or with instrumentation, exercises in the form of physical therapy, along with target specific goal setting and road map creating to optimize the probability of success. To further enhance my patient’s ability to heal, focus and remain unstressed, the house call model is an ideal patient experience as well in that I can come to you, so you can feel better, without the hassle of traffic, waiting rooms or packing up the whole family to make it to the doctor. This model also allows me to have direct contact with all my patients and setting up a schedule that is convenient for you couldn’t be easier. I also have experience in corporate and small business settings in which I can treat entire teams/workforces on site efficiently, effectively and conveniently. This model allows me to spend more time with my patients and gain a deeper understanding of the root of many different heath issues and the longer appointment times ensures that each individual patient can ask any and all questions/concerns without hesitation. It is my goal to make sure all your health and wellness goals are truly met and you feel cared for in all facets of life and living. If you would like more information about how I can help you, your family, your friends, or your co-workers reach optimal health, please don’t hesitate to reach out to schedule a free 15 minute phone consultation. My Experience To give you an overview of my background and history with chiropractic, I am from the east coast, but for the past four years have had the pleasure of calling beautiful Colorado home.I majored in Biology at the University of Delaware and double-minored in Spanish and Chemistry. Shortly after, I moved to Ithaca NY, where I spent 4 years obtaining my Doctorate in Chiropractic at New York Chiropractic College, a division of Columbia University.Since my graduation 10 years ago, I have practiced and am licensed in NY, PA, DE and CO. Throughout the last 10 years I have gained extensive experience through my involvement with a myriad of office settings and organizations including chiropractic Neurology Clinics, VA Hospitals, Pediatric Care Clinics, Personal Injury clinics specializing in structural restoration and recovery from Motor Vehicle Accidents in particular, and Philosophical / Wellness-based offices. As a result of being involved in so many different approaches to chiropractic care, I currently have well over 100,000 patient visits and that number continues to grow every day.As a result of the magnitude of practicing throughout the east coast and Colorado, I have seen the spectrum of all ages from pediatric to geriatric and have thorough experience in treating, maintaining and in some cases resolving severe patient presentations such as MS, disc herniations and bulges, auto immune diseases, along with many cases involving mild – severe neurological dysfunction.I currently treat many professional athletes that are associated with MMA, PGA, PDGA, and NFL along with several participants in previous Olympic Games in order to help maintain, optimize and improve overall performance at the highest of competitive levels. I also treat many professional musicians that are on the national touring circuit at all of the major venues throughout the Denver metro area. Over the years given the rapid evolution of technology I have seen a significant increase in structural and postural dysfunction often associated with a standard desk job. This typically results in significant pain and discomfort, which can affect one’s focus, productivity, overall mindset and health in general. No mater your profession, interests, lifestyle or hobbies, I will provide an unmatched service and level of care for you. In addition to be a chiropractic physician, I am also a professional jazz keyboardist playing professionally over the last 15 years.Some of my favorite things to do in life including playing and attending concerts of all musical genres, hike, camp, travel and experience national parks, play disc golf, read books on quantum physics, neurology, fantasy and history. Last but not least, I still play magic the gathering with moderate frequency, the game is just too good. Articles In this section of the website I want to offer succinct, clear and research driven articles to help educate you on popular topics that may offer valuable information to questions you may have about pain, chiropractic and lifestyle. Enjoy! I’d like to start with this chart which demonstrates clearly the spine, the central nervous system and the neurological and structural issues commonly encountered and managed through chiropractic care. On-Site Chiropractic Services Beliefs About Back Pain Can Chiropractic Help My Headaches? I Slipped a Disk – What Is That Exactly? Should Playing Music Create Tingling Wrists? Temporomandibular Joint Disorders, the Cervical Spine, and Spinal Manipulation Testimonials Jimmy is a miracle worker!! I've seen him for a slew of problems! He fixed the issues I had with sciatic. I broke my jaw and he made sure I had no TMJ issues. And I was recently in an accident where I displaced a disk in my neck and after a couple visits he made that pain go away and gave me full movement back! Not only has he helped with specific areas/issues, he makes sure you feel great head to toe on every visit! I'll only see Dr. J and recommend you should too! Rachel K. Denver, CO James Charles Dunstan Jr. is what’s up for your chiropractic needs! He just left my house after a treatment for TMJ and issues from a recent car accident. He is professional and friendly, and kept me informed of his process every step of the way. I felt immediate relief, and am looking forward to our weekly appointments that will bring me greater healing. 10/10 would recommend. Thank you Doc!!! Natalie F. Solans Lake, CO James Charles Dunstan Jr. is a thorough, and gifted Chiropractor. I’ve been getting adjusted for 20 years, and this is in the top two experiences. Two thumbs up and a whoo hoo! Start feeling better, today!!! Nicole F Lakewood, CO “You are an amazing talent doc. You have been given some heavy gifts. In 50 years of seeing chiropractors, you are the best. Thank you soo much, I feel myself again. “ Rick R.Lakewood, CO “I look forward to seeing you every week, it’s one of my favorite moments every week.” Ranae H.Broomfield, CO “Thank you so flipping much for driving to me. You have no idea how much I needed that adjustment. You’re amazing. Thank you so much. “ Jillian K.Westminster, CO Previous Next Prices Initial House Call Visit 45-60 minute visit that entails thorough medical history walkthrough, targeted physical, neurological, orthopedic examinations Diagnoses Full Spine manual adjusting along with upper and lower extremity adjusting Targeted Soft Tissue and Trigger Point Work Education about chiropractic, neurology, biology and lifestyle choices resulting in maximal goal oriented result driven care 75$ Follow Up Visits (Existing Patients Only) Up to 30 minute visits consisting of Full Spine Adjusting along with Upper and Lower Extremity Adjusting Targeted Soft Tissue and Trigger Point Work Targeted Goal Setting Exercises in the form of Physical Therapy Congruent with Diagnoses, Phase of Care and Physical / Lifestyle Active Goals Bi-Monthly Re Examinations 50$ Group Rates/Family Rates/Corporate Rates: Please note that package bundles are available and will be tailored specifically to your needs. By purchasing packages, you can save between 10-30% off depending on your specific scenario.Discounts and Rates are available for Scenarios involving more than one person.By sharing my services with those you love whether it be friends or family, those who you work with, from small offices to large corporate/event settingsI am here to serve you as best I can and make it affordable for all involved.Please feel free to contact me for a free 15 minute consultation to discuss how I can best help you and your team. Contact PHONE(302) 367-4535 EMAILuniversalchiropracticcare@gmail.com Facebook Twitter Instagram Send ©2024 Universal Chiropractic Care | All Rights Reserved | Website by PufCreativ Facebook Twitter Instagram