Sana College of Engineering Academics Undergraduate Business Administration School Of Law Engineering Medicine Art & Science Graduate Program Hospitality Management Physics Chemistry Music Computer Science Resources Department Page Major Page Faculty Page Single Instructor Single Course Logo Admissions Apply To Our College Campus Tour Scholarships Athletics Event Calendar Courses Course List 1 Course List 2 Athletics NAAC University Life contactus@sanaeng.in +91 90103 10400 Calendar Portal Support About us Academics How we Teach Curriculum & Syllabus Workshops & Seminars Mentoring & Advising Departments Artificial Intelligence & Data Science Civil Engineering Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Divisions Research Office & Administration Library & Information Physical Education Software Development Center Academic offerings include 95 majors, 86 minors, and more than 100 in-major specializations Admissions Apply To Our College Campus Tour Scholarships Athletics Give To Kingster Alumni Event Calendar Courses Course List 1 Course List 2 NAAC Feedback The Best University Of The State Sana Eng. College Take A Tour Our college has more than 180 Majors & Minors Take A Tour University Life Overall in here Graduation Getting Diploma Athletics Sport Clubs Social Overall in here Apply for AdmissionFall 2019 applications are now open We don’t just give students an education and experiences that set them up for success in a career. We help them succeed in their career—to discover a field they’re passionate about and dare to lead it. Apply Now About Our University Education Services Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized. Learn More International Hubs Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized. Learn More Bachelor’s and Master’s Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized. Learn More University Life Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized. Learn More Benefits Self Development Spirituality Alumni Why Choose us? The Sana Engineering College Alumni Association is excited to announce the arrival of KU Alumni Connect. This is a new community building platform for Kinster’s alumni. It is the only place online where you can find, and connect with, all 90,000 our college alumni. All alumni are automatically enrolled! Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized globally. Throughout our great history, Sana Eng. College has offered access to a wide range of academic opportunities. As a world leader in higher education, the University has pioneered change in the sector. Self Development The Sana Engineering College Alumni Association is excited to announce the arrival of KU Alumni Connect. This is a new community building platform for Kinster’s alumni. It is the only place online where you can find, and connect with, all 90,000 our college alumni. All alumni are automatically enrolled! Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized globally. Throughout our great history, Sana Eng. College has offered access to a wide range of academic opportunities. As a world leader in higher education, the University has pioneered change in the sector. Spirituality The Sana Engineering College Alumni Association is excited to announce the arrival of KU Alumni Connect. This is a new community building platform for Kinster’s alumni. It is the only place online where you can find, and connect with, all 90,000 our college alumni. All alumni are automatically enrolled! Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized globally. Throughout our great history, Sana Eng. College has offered access to a wide range of academic opportunities. As a world leader in higher education, the University has pioneered change in the sector. Alumni The Sana Engineering College Alumni Association is excited to announce the arrival of KU Alumni Connect. This is a new community building platform for Kinster’s alumni. It is the only place online where you can find, and connect with, all 90,000 our college alumni. All alumni are automatically enrolled! Sana Engineering College was established by John Smith in 1920 for the public benefit and it is recognized globally. Throughout our great history, Sana Eng. College has offered access to a wide range of academic opportunities. As a world leader in higher education, the University has pioneered change in the sector. Central School Garden, B-block, Vijayawada - Hyderabad Hwy, Near City, Kodad, Telangana 508206 +91 90103 10400 contactus@sanaeng.in Our Campus Acedemic Planning & Administration Campus Safety Office of the Chancellor Facility Services Human Resources Campus Life Accessibility Financial Aid Food Services Housing Information Technologies Student Life Academics Canvas Catalyst Library Time Schedule Apply For Admissions Pay My Tuition Copyright All Right Reserved 2024 | Website Developed & Managed by Innovative Technologies