Folk costumes - Bozov style - bozovsil.com Skip to content the Homemade West Wear Carisurisi with Sewvitsosorrompromotions Galeriablogza Nascathontaki Menu -Consignment Carr. Men's weid carrieys with sewing -acor -acromotiagalerybalogsa nascontaki menu the initial load -bearers, 00 lv.Let us preserve the tradition and seek new forms for presenting Bulgarian folklore to the shop making folk costumes in their exceptional variety in which they exist in all ethnographic areas of Bulgaria… We costumes for women to preserve the Bulgarian traditions shop for men to preserve the Bulgarian traditions to the Bulgarian traditions toThe Bozov Style Store Odel Costumes with an authentic cut and the sewing partner in preserving the tradition and searching for new forms for presenting Bulgarian folklore.We make a wide variety of folk costumes in our exceptional variety, in which they exist in all ethnographic regions of Bulgaria tradition and innovation we preserve the authentic cut and stitching and ease the models according to their application new products Rhodopes Rhodope costume for the child "Dobrinka" boys' childhood notes "Ivancho "Thracian Children's Costume" Stanka Rhodope Costume for a child "Lilyanka" Tsveta Men's costume "Delio Haidutin" is lying down Gergana Men's costume "Kostadin voivode" Iglika Maja is happening and it comes from the wearers made by "Bozov Style" OODYou find in the harmony of the patterns, in the sparkle of the sir, the coins, the beads, in the bizarre shapes are varied by braids and latitudes.Harmonious combination of colors and shapes, perfect cut, high quality fabrics, unique samples of sewing ornaments.To the shop of 0 we create masterpieces of folk costumes for children our mission of a costume by your size, touch with us if you are hesitant about which size will be best for you.Our team will gladly assist you in the exact size and cut of folk costumes.For a bigger order, we also have great discounts.Learn more reviews from our customers, the customers say about us "I ordered costumes for the children from" Bulgarian "on the recommendation of our friends. After arriving I was very fascinated. So many quality and beautiful are these costumes, with unique workmanship and attention to every detail.I could dream of a better experience for my children related to our Bulgarian traditions. "Nina Todorova Had "I don't know what I would do without the quick reaction of" Bulgarian "for a costume. I was invited to a Rhodope wedding and at the last moment I realized that I should be with traditional Bulgarian clothes. Wonderful people are mildew, very responsive and the end result wasimpressing. I recommend! "Kostadin Terzhinger "If you want a costume that is as close as possible to the authentic Bulgarian models - this is the place. Their seamstresses are enchanting, you look at them, you look at them and you cannot take your eyes off them. I nominate the Bulgarian team for the people of the year."Elena Popovac "They do not stop enjoying small and large with their colorful ideas. They continue to give life to the Bulgarian traditions in their most authentic form and do it the right way."Yana Beloba-entrepreneur "Large selection of beautiful and authentic costumes at affordable prices! Wonderful opportunity to preserve the Bulgarian traditions at home and wherever we are outside Bulgaria" Antonia Stoevivet Manager The Heart of the Bulgarian Folklore House "Bulgarian is the only hotel-restaurant, which offers Rhodopean cuisine and a folk costume store under one roof.AM - 4 PM Contact us menuFollow us: Facebook Instagram Copyright © 2023, All Rights Reserved Web Design & Development by Growkal Studio