Home Skip to content Home New Offline Batches to start in both Hazra Road Centre & VIP Road Centre..Admissions open Call : 8789245158 Mail : info@kavishias.in Centres : Hazra Road & VIP Road Kolkata Call : 8789245158 Mail : info@kavishias.in Centres : Hazra Road & VIP Road Kolkata Menu Home UPSC About Age Limit Eligibility WBCS / State PSC About Age Limit Eligibility Courses UPSC WBCS Combined Study Materials Subjects Art & Culture Ancient & medieval history Economy Environment & Ecology Indian Geography Indian Polity Modern History Physical Geography Science & Technology Monthly Magazines December-2023 November-2023 October-2023 September-2023 August-2023 July-2023 June-2023 May-2023 April-2023 March-2023 February-2023 January-2023 NCERTs NIOS NIOS SOCIOLOGY NIOS ENVIRONMENT AND ECOLOGY NIOS POLITICAL SCIENCE NIOS GEOGRAPHY NIOS ECONOMY NIOS HISTORY PYQ DNZ BLOGS Interview What Happens in the Interview? How to Prepare? PYQ DAF International Status Scientific Status & Environmental Issues Ethics & Personality Society & Governence About Us KAVISH IAS Director’s Note Why KAVISH? Others v/s Us Events Our Students MAYUKH CHAKRABORTY Regular provisions are made for relevant newspaper articles, detailed analysis on important topics, reading materials as well as discussions & mock tests. There is clarity and teamwork amongst the faculty and students to collectively achieve targets. GAUTAM BARNWAL Provisions are often made for pertinent newspaper items, in-depth analyses of crucial issues, reading materials, conversations, and mock exams. Students' development is meticulously tracked, and records are kept of it. SK SIMRAN From the first meeting Sir and Ma’am make me feel that I am their priority, which is really hard to find. I joined here a few months ago and that was a right decision of mine. ADITI MULLICK KAVISH IAS provides excellent study material, and not only do the faculty make concepts very clear, but also provide detailed notes. They regularly ensure that the students are improving, and help each one make progress. HRISHITA SARKAR I was very confused about the syllabus and the strategy but KAVISH IAS guided me very easily. They often point out our progress and the areas where we are lacking behind so that we can rectify ourselves. JAMAL AHMED The best thing about this institute is Abhishek Sir and Ma’am, they are the best person who not only support in studies but also support in all the phases of life motivates us in all ups and downs. UDAYAN SAHU KAVISH prepares an aspirant to the best possible extent to take on the most prestigious as well as the toughest examination of our country. The faculties have rich experiences in their respective subjects and the best ones par excellence. SOUBHAGYA GUHA It's been 3 months I am attending classes in this institute the one thing I need to acknowledge that the faculty is so friendly and familiar that I have started feeling we are families. Classes are always very fun to attend containing enough knowledge and guidance. AGNISWAR BANERJEE KAVISH, without any second thought, is the best place to prepare for civil services exams, UPSC to be exact. The quality of education KAVISH provides, not only builds up an aspirant's base but also provides confidence. Home UPSC About Age Limit Eligibility WBCS / State PSC About Age Limit Eligibility Courses UPSC WBCS Combined Study Materials Subjects Art & Culture Ancient & medieval history Economy Environment & Ecology Indian Geography Indian Polity Modern History Physical Geography Science & Technology Monthly Magazines December-2023 November-2023 October-2023 September-2023 August-2023 July-2023 June-2023 May-2023 April-2023 March-2023 February-2023 January-2023 NCERTs NIOS NIOS SOCIOLOGY NIOS ENVIRONMENT AND ECOLOGY NIOS POLITICAL SCIENCE NIOS GEOGRAPHY NIOS ECONOMY NIOS HISTORY PYQ DNZ BLOGS Interview What Happens in the Interview? How to Prepare? PYQ DAF International Status Scientific Status & Environmental Issues Ethics & Personality Society & Governence About Us KAVISH IAS Director’s Note Why KAVISH? Others v/s Us Events MYTHS about UPSC Content Many Institutes recommend starting UPSC preparation from 6th standard NCERT books and go through graduation level textbooks, which is not true. Also, the aspirant is prescribed to go through the entire newspaper every day. Reading so much of hefty content on a daily basis is a tedious and boring job to do. Such misconceptions only waste the aspirant’s valuable time and money. Each individual is different and accordingly he/she should be suggested where to start from. Coming to current affairs, news reading and its analysis is a skill that needs to be taught in the beginning, and with time the aspirant can himself decide what to read and how to read. Analysing and jotting down the essentials becomes easy for the student after a few months. Difficulty Another myth that students fear is that ‘UPSC IS DIFFICULT AND ONLY IIT OR TOP COLLEGE GRADUATES CAN CRACK IT ’. UPSC is open for graduates from every stream and doesn’t prefer anyone based on his/her background. So if you are willing to dedicate your time in this preparation, you can surely succeed in this exam with a good rank. Study Hours Aspirants often have a misconception that at least 13-14 hours a day must be given to this exam. Again, this is not true. UPSC preparation is journey of not only gathering knowledge, but also of overall character and personality development. So, if you utilise 13-14 hrs a day only in studying, you won’t get time to interact with the outside world and evolve properly and this wouldn’t help in the training process. Diligent engagement of 5-6 hrs a day would be enough for the preparation and that’s why KAVISH IAS suggests its students to start planning from their graduation only, as regular practice will definitely help you reach your goal. No. of Attempts & Strategy What demotivates aspirants is the idea that at least 4-5 attempts are a must to qualify UPSC CSE EXAMS. This is absolutely incorrect. It’s true that this exam demands time to prepare but that’s not more than 2-3 years. It’s a learning process where you will make multiple mistakes and so, would need time to rectify them too. Most aspirants don’t realise this & waste their attempts with inadequate preparation, which in turn, demotivates them. You need a mentor to guide you in this journey and tell you WHEN TO START, HOW TO START your preparation and WHAT NOT TO STUDY in this era of overflooded information around us. WHY KAVISH Easy to grasp, simplified content We believe in LIMITED CONTENT & MULTIPLE REVISIONS. Burdening with useless content will only pressurize and overwhelm the aspirant. Only relevant and updated study material based on PYQ analysis is what we recommend our students. Maximum success rate Our ANSWER WRITING LEAGUE (AWL) has been our most successful programme and has shown around 60% match with the MAINS questions every year and has helped our students get better marks. Answer writing is something we tell our student to practice from Day 1. We know the trend For UPSC preparation, it is imperative to have the correct idea about the probable questions that can be asked in a given year. Focussing on current trends and teaching the students in accordance to that is the job of mentors. This makes the preparation easy and effective. One to one mentorship Every individual is different, his/her subject preferences and their basic knowledge can also be different. So, treating every student in the same way won’t help them achieve their goals. KAVISH IAS provides One to One Mentorship for each of its students, to bridge that gap. Expert faculty with UPSCexperience In KAVISH IAS, only selected subject specialists with excellent track records would teach, who themselves have cleared UPSC exams multiple times. We have the dedicated faculties from every corner of INDIA, who have in depth knowledge of the subject. PHOTO GALLERY Prelims REFRESHER AWL - MAINS MODEL ANSWERS MAINS PARYAAPT 22Nov Governor’s Rights – Against the… Governor is the executive head of the state. Thus, all the executive powers of the state are vested with him. Recently, a question mark has been raised on his discretionary power. Four states had taken shelter under the… Read more 16Nov Solar Mini Grids: An Approach… Solar energy mini-grids are small-scale, localized electricity systems that rely on solar power as their primary energy source. These mini-grids function independently of larger centralized grids and are capable of generating electricity ranging from a few kilowatts to… Read more 15Nov Forest (Conservation) Amendment Bill 2023 The Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980, is an important Central statute for the conservation of forests in the country. It provides that the de-reservation of reserved forests, use of forest land for non-forest purpose, assigning forest land by way… Read more View All VIDEOS KAVISH IAS View All MUST WATCH View All KAVISH IAS WBCS View All CONTACT DETAILS info@kavishias.in +91 8789245158 First Floor CL Bhawan, 56/2 Hazra Road, Dover Terrace, Ballygunge, Kolkata-700019, West Bengal Office No. 2B, 2nd. Floor, Ved Bhoomi, Koyla Vihar Vasundhara, VIP Rd, Tegharia, Kolkata, West Bengal 700052 Kavish IAS Best UPSC Coaching In Kolkata Best WBCS Coaching In Kolkata Best JUDICIARY Coaching In Kolkata Best BANKING & SSC Coaching In Kolkata Quick Links Home Courses Daily News Zone About Us Enquiry Form Social Links Facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin Copyright © 2023 | All Right Reserved Powered By Epic wings Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Contact No. *Email *Choose Centre *Hazra Road CentreVIP Road CentreChoose Course *UPSC CourseWBCS CourseComment or MessageSubmit × What demotivates aspirants is the idea that at least 4-5 attempts are a must to qualify UPSC CSE EXAMS. This is absolutely incorrect. It’s true that this exam demands time to prepare but that’s not more than 2 to 3 years. It’s a learning process where you will make multiple mistakes and so, would need time to rectify them too. Most aspirants do not realise this fact and waste their attempts with inadequate preparation, which in turn, demotivates them. So, you need a mentor to guide you in this journey and tell you WHEN TO START and HOW TO START your preparation. Also before knowing what to study an aspirant has to first know WHAT NOT TO STUDY in this era of overflooded information around us. This is where the role of a Mentor becomes all the more important so that you do not waste your crucial time reading unnecessary content. Aspirants often have a misconception that at least 13-14 hours a day must be given to this exam. Again, this is not true. UPSC preparation is journey of not only gathering knowledge, but also of overall character and personality development. So, if you utilise 13-14 hrs a day only in studying, you won’t get time to interact with the outside world and evolve properly and this wouldn’t help in the training process. Diligent engagement of 5-6 hrs a day would be enough for the preparation and that’s why KAVISH IAS suggests its students to start planning from their graduation only, as regular practice will definitely help you reach your goal. Many Institutes recommend starting UPSC preparation from 6th standard NCERT books and go through graduation level textbooks, which is not true. Also, the aspirant is prescribed to go through the entire newspaper every day. Reading so much of hefty content on a daily basis is a tedious and boring job to do. Such misconceptions only waste the aspirant’s valuable time and money. Each individual is different and accordingly he/she should be suggested where to start from. Coming to current affairs, news reading and its analysis is a skill that needs to be taught in the beginning, and with time the aspirant can himself decide what to read and how to read. Analysing and jotting down the essentials becomes easy for the student after a few months. Another myth that students fear is that ‘UPSC IS DIFFICULT AND ONLY IIT OR TOP COLLEGE GRADUATES CAN CRACK IT ’. UPSC is open for graduates from every stream and doesn’t prefer anyone based on his/her background. So if you are willing to dedicate your time in this preparation, you can surely succeed in this exam with a good rank.