PC2Overseas Home About Services Contact us Blog Enroll here 7794889039 Free IELTS Training YOUR STEP TOWARDS YOUR DREAM STARTS WITH US Start your Journey Enquiry Now One Stop Study Solution Bridging the students and International Universities. We help students who want to enlighten themselves with knowledge abroad, shaping their lives and careers. Read More One to One Discussion At PC2 Overseas Edu, every student will be assigned with an Individual Counsellor where a personalized Admission Counselor will help you with your entire application process from Read More End To End Support PC2 Overseas Edu, plays a vital role in assisting students with guidance and assistance for simple or hassle-free application or paperwork processing. Read More About Us : ... Studying abroad is an amazing experience because it makes you become more accepting and open-minded. It helps in experiencing new things and gives you a different perspective as it opens an exposure to different cultures and opportunities into the new world. It gives every student an opportunity to upskill in the relevant program/specialization and helps to get higher exposure and more job opportunities across the globe. Millions of Indian students are graduating from top universities overseas every year and pursuing the best career. Planning to study MS/MBA/Ph.D. or any course abroad but don’t know how? Reach us, at PC2 Overseas Educational Consultancy, confident enough to guide the student, with his/her ambitions, capabilities and counsel them and walk through the doors to achieve your goals. Traveling all over the world and working with the vast number of academic professionals we initiated a step ahead to form a bridge between the student and their dreams to pursue their education abroad. We guide and lead you to transform your skills and groom you to face the challenges of today and to become the best in your desired field. Our Services ... Book a FREE Consultation Session Submitted Successfully Full Name Email ID Phone Number Country Interested In Country looking for UK USA Canada Ireland Australia Newzealand Dubai Singapore Program Interested In Counselling We'll discuss and analyse your profile. We will review your qualifications and requirements to determine the best destination, university, and course for you. Choosing a Country We’ll shortlist the universities based on your profile and preferences. Preparation of Documents We'll provide you with a document checklist and assist you in preparing them. Editing of SOP/LOR We will assist you with the editing of SOP and LOR. Filing Applications We will launch your applications and help you chase the universities for the offer letter. Visa Interview Mocks We provide guidance of interview from our experienced interviewers who has already given their interview and procured their visa and also end to end guidance for question and answers. Loan Assistance Services If there is shortage funds, we give guidance and provide solutions by connecting student and parent to the banker or financial services along with proof of funds which is needed in bank account. Pre-CAS Interview Preparation (UK Students) We prepare student with all question and answers which will be asked in an online interview before releasing CAS. Countries ... Blog ... Choose Your Dream Destination Recent years have witnessed an advanced trend of Indian students going abroad for higher studies. Graduating from an international university will not only upgrade your skills but also enable you to take up challenging career roles. Moreover, the social exposure and the interpersonal skills that you will accumulate from such universities abroad are exceptional. Some students might have already planned their dream university to which they are aspiring to get admitted. Read More Scholarship Application The presence of top-ranked universities along with a well-structured curriculum has drawn the attention of international students to many foreign countries like the UK, USA, Canada, and Australia. It has become a dream for many graduates to pursue their higher education in universities abroad due to the international exposure and career-oriented learning delivered. Whereas considering the huge tuition fees and living expenses have made most families limit their children from studying abroad. Read More Things to carry to the USA! Well, I know you all are in a bit of a confused state before landing in the USA. Heading to the USA as an Indian student? This blog is your ultimate guide for stress-free packing! Learn what essentials to bring and what to leave behind. Navigate the journey with confidence, knowing exactly what items will make your transition smoother and your stay comfortable. From documents to clothing, we've got you covered! Read it and make a hassle-free packing. Read More How to find accommodation in the USA: Hello New Bees, Welcome to the USA. Are you struggling to find accommodation? Want to know the best platforms to find the right accommodation for you, then this blog is for you. You can find the answers to the questions that are running in your mind. Accommodations in the USA for students are classified into Two types: Read More Testimonials ... PC2 overseas Education is an Excellent consultancy in nurturing student's career. Before approaching PC2 Overseas I was referred to many consultancies but none could give me the guarantee for visa, but My RM Dhanu was so kind to guide me through the process., Dhanu mam is hardworking, very supportive They supported me in every situation. Thank Dhanu mam, kinnera mam. Chilkuri Dinesh I had an amazing experience with PC2 OVERSEAS, and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a reliable consultancy to help them with their application process. Counselor Dhanu has guided me throughout my application she has immense knowledge about the top universities in the US she will guide you about which universities you can apply to She is been a great help and support during my process. Visa mock interviews are also taken by the team. The Team at PC2 OVERSEAS is incredibly knowledgeable and professional, and they go above and beyond to ensure that their students receive the best possible Venu Gopal I would like to give 5 out of 5 to Pc2 due to many reasons. 1. They are very cooperative, i want to emphasise name thats is Dhanu Mam, Kinnera Mam , and last but not least Banu Mam. 2. Dhanu mam has helped 24*7 throughout from beginning till last. I want to thank each one of you to achieve my first step of my Goal. Stay on Top and fulfill all expectations to all students 😊😊😊 Faisal Masood Great place to learn about application processes. thanks to the Dhanu Madam, for excellent guidance. They are very cooperative.Dhanu mam has helped 24*7 throughout from beginning till last. Lakshmi Krishna Sri Great place to learn IELTS preparation and application processes. thanks to the Aneesha Madam, with the help of Madam only I got 6.5 band in my IELTS exam. Kotlo Ram Contact us ... What are you waiting for ?? Pick up your phone and discuss your profile with us right away! Any queries, please whatsapp on this number: 7794889039 Submitted Successfully Country looking for UK USA Canada Ireland Australia Newzealand Dubai Singapore PC2Overseas 101, M Square Building, Plot No: 3/C, 4/C, 7/C & 8/C Survey No: 79, Patrika Nagar, Madhapur Hyderabad - 500 081 Email : contact@pc2overseas.com Subscribe! Name Email address We'll never share your email with anyone else. Subscribe Copyright © 2022 PC2Overseas Privacy Statement | Terms and Conditions | Call us 7794889039 × PC2Overseas Create an account Sign In Forgot your password?