GneissBG – NATURAL STONE FROM BULGARIA Call us : (359) 897999975 Mail us : gneissbg.net@gmail.com Menu Skip to content Home Polygonal Metallic rusty Metallic Purple Green Beige Aegean light Aegean dark Brown Yellow spotted White Yellow White yellow Yellow honey Olive green Grey Machine cut Metallic rusty cut Metallic cut Purple cut Green cut Beige cut AEGEAN light cut AEGEAN dark cut Brown cut Yellow spotted cut Yellow cut White yellow cut Yellow honey cut Olive green cut Grey cut Panels Metallic panels Beige panels Yellow spoted panels White panels Yellow panels Grey panels Fillet Metallic fillets Green fillets Beige fillets Aegean light fillets Aegean dark fillets Brown fillets Yellow fillets White yellow fillets Olive green fillets Grey fillets Pebbles Snow White Pebbles White Pebbles Red Pebbles Green Pebbles Dark Pebbles Grey Pebbles Granit Pebbles Gea Pebbles Raindow Pebbles Yellow Pebbles Wall stones Metallic RF Green RF Beige RF Brown RF Yellow RF Ideas Contact Search for: EXPERIENCEThe firm has 15 year of experience in mining, laboring and sales of natural floor and overlay stones and stone plates known as gneiss or tiles. The stone plates are known for their hardness and weather endurance. That makes them suitable for interior decorations as well as exterior overlaying of buildings and yards.Know MoreQUALITYOur main goal is to provide our customers only the highest quality stonesKnow MoreCOLORS Region of Western Rhodopes are known for a wide variety of colors of the stone. We offer a rich palette of colors: yellow, brown, green, purple, gray, metallic, white, etc.Know MoreCONNECTIONYou may contact us anytime when you need professional support or have any questions.Write us Gneissbg has established itself as one of the most popular partners in the field of extraction and trade with rock tilling materials. We have gneiss deposits in West Rodopi that cover an area of 350 decares. We have focused our activity on extracting, processing and trading with rock. POLYGONAL Polygonal gneiss tiles for wall cladding and flooring. MACHINE CUT Machine cut rectangular gneiss plates for wall cladding and flooring. PANELS Stacked gneiss, for wall decoration, and wall cladding. FILLET Fillets from gneiss with thickness 2-5 cm. for wall decoration. PEBBLES Small pebbles used to decoration of living spaces and gardens. WALL STONES Big tiles of gneiss for building walls,columns, fences, cladding and flooring. IDEAS Search for: Copyright © GneissBG Powered by GNEISSBG , Designed and Developed by JDeeP