GAURUS Skip to content Home Projects About us The Team Contact GAURUS We build great software because someone has to maintain it Learn More About Gaurus Gaurus is a software development team specialised for producing high performant, robust software built to run with high availability for years to come once it’s deployed. Real time transaction processing, inter system communication, complex business rules, encrypted messaging, protocol stack development, machine learning, etc. – these are all features we have dealt with in the past and we’d like to use this experience in our future projects as well.Java/JavaEE, PostgreSQL, Flutter, Python, vue.js are technologies we’re most confident with. Our preferred deployment platforms are Linux, Wildfly/JBoss and Docker. Although we’re not afraid of any new technology, we are perfectly aware of the challenges that come with it, hence we’re not quick to jump into something new without trying it on some smaller project first.We’re more interested in functionality, performance and optimisation than in attractive visual design, so we normally outsource the design to our trusted professional partners. That said, if the project consists mainly of visual design without much of business logic behind it, then it probably isn’t for us.We prefer direct and straight communication, rather than gold plating is something we prefer. Therefore, we will never promise to deliver if we’re not certain we can actually do it. Such attitude has brought us long term projects and trusted partners in the past and we’re confident it will bring more in the future. Company data: Gaurus is a limited liability company founded in 2016. and is based in Zagreb, Croatia.Number of employees: 7 full time, 2 part time (freelance) 1 SW architect with 10+ years of experience in development 2 senior full stack developers with 5+ years of experience 2 junior developers 1 PMP certified project manager with 10+ years in PM 2 senior full stack developers with 10+ years of experience (part time) Learn More Solutions Our solutions and references Fintech solutions F-IQ (www.f-iq.app) is our contribution to financial literacy and encouraging responsible financial behavior. The F-IQ mobile app is completely free for use. The main goal is to help people manage their personal finances. The app allows you to view, monitor and analyze your own financial situation, independant of the bank where you hold your accounts. All your accounts will be presented in one place and you will get an assessment of your financial health under your fingertips. You will also get a detailed overview and categorization of all your income and expenses, as well as a prediction of the future state of your finances.The application relies on the PSD2 regulation of the EU. Gaurus is a licensed account information service provider and has an AISP license issued by the Croatian National Bank, which is valid in all EU member states. The F-IQ application is available for Android and iOS platforms.The F-IQ project is co-financed by EU funds (more).For more information visit www.f-iq.app BankConnect BankConnect is a could service developed for the needs of business users. This solution also relies on the PSD2 regulation of the EU and enables the transparent connection of the existing information systems of business users with the systems of their commercial banks. The solutions enables users to collect and process their financial data in real time, 24 hours a day.BankConnect removes the differences in bank interfaces and data formats which enables users to access data in a structured way, regardless of the bank in which the data is located. Additionally, BankConnect ensures simultaneous connection with several different banks in cases where the user holds different business accounts in several banks. This approach ensures complete integration of the user’s solution with bank systems and enables the automation of business processes that depend on financial information.The BankConnect service is particularly handy if used for bookkeeping automatization and automatic recognition of incoming payments in connection with issued offers and invoices. GRisk GRisk is a cloud service developed for the needs of companies involved in granting loans. It is designed and built for banks, credit institutions and leasing companies, but can also be quite useful for companies offering products and services with the option of deferred payment and instalments. The service enables the automated creation of a detailed report on the financial behaviour of the customer, which is of great help in decision making process. The report is generated “on the fly” and is based on real-time data. Advanced algorithms based on technologies such as machine learning and artificial intelligence applied on real time data enables much better insight in financial behaviour of the potential client than any traditional risk assessment methodology. Besides, it is fully digitalized and is easily integrated into any IT system thus enabling automated decision making about granting loans. Transaction Systems mDigital mDigital is a centralized IT system for managing all business processes related to the issuance and sale of electronic goods. The system was developed as a turnkey solution for the mStart company (part of the Fortenova Group). It is used for the distribution of various types of electronic goods – from prepaid vouchers for top-up mobile tariffs, through vouchers for various types of online services, to lottery products.For more information : Visit Here VCMS Voucher & Card Management System (VCMS) is a centralized IT system for issuing and acquiring the so-called “closed loop” cards. Like mDigital, this system was developed as turnkey solution for mStart. By using VCMS, mStart provides card processing services to other members of the Fortenova Group and external partners.VCMS enables the issuance, management and sale of card products intended for payment of goods and services in closed schemes (gift cards, one-time vouchers, loyalty cards, fuel cards etc). Mobile Apps Toni Milun In cooperation with the most popular mathematics professor in Croatia and our famous blogger Toni Milun, we developed the mobile application “Toni Milun”. The current version of the application contains calculators that provide insight into very useful information such as the optimal calculation of the tax return (Popodica) and the calculation of the loan repayment plan with a comparison of different lending parameters (Kreditorko).The development plan for the “Toni Milun” mobile app includes implementing the functionality which will enable mobile users to get entire Toni Milun educational content which is currently only available via the web interface. We also plan to include other useful calculators, mainly in the field of financial education.For more information please visit www.tonimilun.hr. Mobile games In our free time, we like to play computer games. Professionally, we like to explore new areas and technologies that are less familiar to us. So, we combined the two and decided to try our hand at making games for smartphones. The final result are two mobile games: BallyBoo and Terragrin.This was fun and useful experience. After building these two games we can confidently say that we are not afraid to tackle development projects in the multimedia and entertainment sector. If you have a good idea and need a team that can realize it, feel free to contact us.If you want to try our games, look for them on the AppStore and GooglePlay portals, they are available for Android and iOS platforms: Customs Integrated Tarrif Management System (ITMS) Our IT experts and developers have extensive experience in the design and development of the ITMS in Croatia. Back in late 2000s, when Croatia was approaching EU membership, we built and deployed several projects through EU-funded programs. Since Croatia’s accession to the EU we have actively participated in all projects related to the maintenance and upgrading of the ITMS system for the Customs Administration of the Republic of Croatia.Being the key paetner in delivering these projects, we also gained valuable business knowledge about EU customs operations. This knowledge is necessary for the development of the EU customs tariff management system. Because of it, today we can proudly say that we are leading experts in tariff systems in our region. Our competences include detailed knowledge of the Taric data model, which is required for the integration of customs measures and the calculation of duties, as well as knowledge of accompanying business processes related to customs quotas, supervision and binding opinions.Through partnerships with companies Combis d.o.o. and APIS IT d.o.o. we are still developing and maintain vital ITMS systems for the Customs Administration of the Republic of Croatia. In the region we are present in Macedonia through a partnership with Asseco SEE dooel. We strongly believe that our competences will be recognized also in other countries. We hape that we will have the opportunity to contribute to the development of the customs business system in all countries who’s goal is to become members of the European Union. EU funding EU founded projects Basic Project information Iniciative:Inovations newly founded MSP’s – phase IIGoals:Inovations improvement of mid and small companiesProject title:“Adaptation and commercialisation of F-IQ software solution”Project code:KK.03.2.2.04.0211 Executive Summary Project for adaptation and commercialisation of innovative solution F-Q will result with setup of F-IQ solution in its full functionality and it’s commercial application in shape of mobile application F-IQ and “white label” application both of which will present a collection of advanced functions, modules and algorithms for personal finance management. Project Goals and Expected Results The main goal is to establish the F-IQ service in its full functionality and commercialize the service, firstly in the regional and then the global market. Successful realization of this goal will ensure a stable source of income for the company, which will ensure the natural growth of business, job creation and continued work on other aspects of the project. Learn More Technologies we like The Team Viktor „Wiki” Schiesl Chief Technical Officer While being an avid follower of new technologies and space exploration in his free time, during business hours Viktor is a System Architect with extensive (over 10 years) experience in software development, and Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 Programmer (2016).He is a Principal designer of all of our software and is obsessed with performance and optimisation.And while actively creating design of complex IT solutions for public, financial and telecom sectors, at the same time he is our own wikipedia and stack overflow (hense the nick „Wiki”). Silvio Svečnjak Project Manager Silvio is a Manager with strong technical background an great experience gathered in over 10 years in managing software development projects.Keen adopter of new management practices with strong PMI background he acts as a bridge between the client and the technical team putting the value of people and team collaboration above all.In his free time (sometimes at work too) this Project Management Professional (PMP, Agile), product owner and team facilitator enjoys discussing political, social and environmental issues. Ivan Posavčević Senior Developer Ivan is in the true sense of the word "Full stack developer" because he approaches both "frontend" and "backend" challenges with equal enthusiasm, and his formal education in the field of mathematics (MSc) and over 5 years of experience in software development are an ideal basis for everything he does.He quickly adopts and applies new things that we have to face, and then selflessly transfers this knowledge to younger colleagues.We can describe him as a big fan of knowledge transfer and establishing internal development processes, and the proud owner of the "Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 Programmer" (2018) certificate. Nikola Kosalec Senior Developer Nikola is also a true "Full stack developer", but he still prefers the "backend" to the "frontend" in over 5 years of software development.He uses his excellent analytical skills to solve any type of problem and enjoys solving complex database queries.His passion is a deep understanding of data and data schematics and models, but if something doesn't go according to plan, he always finds a good joke to recover from crisis situations and raise team spirit. Marko Tomljanović Junior Developer Just a bit more than 2 years of working on software projects (Java, Flutter) makes Marko a junior developer, but he learns very quickly with a strong determination to become a top programmer. Being an Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 Programmer " (2021) confirmas that he is on the right track.Although self-taught, he has a fantastic background in numerous independent projects and quickly learns complex concepts, like an experienced programmer.He is still young in software business, but due to his rich experience in other industries, he is focused on a specific task and recognizes the important very well. Matija Dadanović Junior Developer Matija has just started, but he is eager to learn and absorb knowledge from older and more experienced colleagues. In addition to a good technical background, he also has a year of experience in development (Java).He adores new technologies, but he will also do legacy things without any problems. To the eternal question "backend or frontend" he answers: The backend is fine, but I prefer the frontend.However, it's not all about applications, so Matija is our own meme expert who keeps us in touch with modern trends. Mladen Marinović External Senior Developer More than 10 years of experience (Java, Python, PHP, C#) in software design and development makes our psychology professor Mladen a top IT architect with practical experience in a wide range of technologies.His combination of strong analytical skills with a deep knowledge of design patterns results in top-notch solutions, and his "superpowers" also include calm and precise handling of all kinds of problematic situations and the ability to deal with various personalities.His special passion is PostgreSQL and all its secrets, and he enjoys the title of "Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 Programmer" (2016). Saša Vasung CEO Saša in more that one sentence: a manager with extensive experience in technology and over 20 years of experience in management and executive positions. Maker of strategic and business decisions on the development of individual projects and the company as a whole. Sales handler (but he would rather not do that). Eloquent communicator with both business and technical side.Saša in one sentence: a quiet leader with an ear for the team's needs and a guardian of the company's optimism and stability. Financial conditions Our proposal is based on time & material principle. Being a software agency, we can work in two modes:Renting the resources you need. In this scenario you choose some of our employees to work on your project during a limited time. The project is managed by someone from your team and our resources become a part of your team during the project execution.Delivering the project as a whole. In this scenario you outsource the whole project to us and we work as an independent team, but in line with you and your requirements. At the beginning of the project you are involved in the goal setting process and you define the functionalities you want to achieve. You also specify success criteria which, when met, will trigger the project closure process. During the project you are involved in sprint planning and review, as well as in backlog refinement which gives you control of the progress and the ability to manage the project budget. At the end of the project you are involved in a formal takeover phase, after successful production deployment.Our preferred model is to deliver the project as a whole. That way we can manage the resources more efficiently and we can work as a team which directly correlates to the quality of the product and have a positive impact on the project budget. During the project execution we, as a team, follow very high coding standards and strict work procedures. This is a guarantee for success.Our pricing is role based. In the table below we present the pricing for our resources, split by the main roles: #RoleQtyPrice (EUR)1Junior SW developerman/h60,002Senior SW developerman/h70,003Project managerman/h85,004Product manager, Business consultantman/h100,00 Invoicing is done at the end of each month for all services delivered that month, subject to review and approval by the client.Pricing is subject to change on a quarterly basis. All pricing changes must be reviewed and approved by the client before being put into use. Address Koturaška 69, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia. Phone 87359785969 Email info@gaurus.hr We build great software because someone has to maintain it Our Address OIB: 87359785969 Koturaška 69, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia. E : info@gaurus.hr Quick Links Menu Home Projects About us The Team Contact Follow Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Copyright © 2023 GAURUS