Nova International-Exporter / Importer novaexports1@gmail.com 1OPENING TIME Mon - Sat 10:00 - 19:00 +91-94272 07300 +91-281-2391036 Home About Import Export Services How We Work Our Services Product Machine & Machine Tools Auto & Automobile Part Cylinder liner Casting Products Organic Products Hardware Products Spices & Oil Seeds Stationary Products Miscellaneous Products Download Broucher 1 Contact Welcome To Nova International Multi Products - Exporter / Importer We are pleased to introduce Nova International is the Merchant Exporter / Importer in India of all Engineering, Auto & Agricultural and other Indian Products As under. Read More Contact Us Nova International Import / Export Company Nova International is the Merchant Exporter / Importer in India of all Engineering, Auto & Agricultural and other Indian Products As under Read More Contact Us Nova International Import / Export Company Typical materials that can be cast are iron, steel, stainless steels, glass, and alloys of aluminum, copper and nickel. Read More Contact Us FACEBOOK INSTAGRAM TWITTER Product Sourcing From product sourcing to design and development, through raw material and factory sourcing, production planning and management, quality assurance and export documentation to final shipping, all the aspects are handled by us. Product Design And Development We work closely with our clients and make efforts to meet the accurate specifications with keeping in mind the requirements of our customers. Manufacturing units are carefully selected after a detailed study of process, equipments, infrastructure, quality control systems. Order Placement We will communicate on behalf of you & consolidate your shipments within a time frame. You don't need to pay any taxes & duty for any purchase from all over India through Nova International. Why Choose Us Nova International is a source for regular products, wholesale items, seasonal items as per customers' requirements/orders.. Choose Us Export An export in international trade is a good or service produced in one country that is bought by someone in another country. Read More Import An import is a good brought into a jurisdiction, especially across a national border, from an external source.The party bringing in the good is called an importer. Read More Share Your Passion We work closely with our clients and make efforts to meet the accurate specifications with keeping in mind the requirements of our customers. Manufacturing units are carefully selected after a detailed study of process, equipments, infrastructure, quality control systems etc… 00 Quality assurance 00 Careful Labeling & Packing 00 Timely Delivery Of The Consignment 00 Logistic Support & Solutions Clients Words What our clients say Mr. Mahesh Parshana Marketing Head “Good Management with Vision for Future Development of the company. Employees are satisfied both in terms of job satisfaction and compensation.” Mr. Manish Hirapra Public Relationship Manager “Great work!!! The team was solid, efficient and knowledgeable. They did an amazing job on my very challenging app. I will be using them again. Thank you for doing such a great job!.” Mr. Bhavesh Gadhiya Ceo / C0-Founder “We have been working with Nova International team for over 2 years now. I must say we have a come a long way together and Nova International has done a wonderful job. At the beginning, Nova International went into details for our requirements and came up with lot of important questions and this really helped us figure out a number of gaps in our requirements. Nova International has been very flexible to deal with our ad-hoc requests, which was an extremely important factor for us while developing a complex product. I definitely see Nova International as a long-term IT partner for us.” Meet Our Teams Mr. Vimal Patel CEO Mr.Hitesh Vadgama Purchase Head Mr. Mahendra Sorathiya Marketing Head Mr. Naren Pandya HR Head About us Nova International is perfect source for regular, seasonal, wholesale, personal and customised products as per customers Export/Import requirements. Navigation Home Import Services How We Work Our Services Download Broucher 1 About Export Product Machine & Machine Tools Auto & Automobile Part Cylinder liner Casting Products Organic Products Hardware Products Spices & Oil Seeds Stationary Products Miscellaneous Products Contact Us Contact us Nova International "Shiv Shakti" Bansi park -B Shital light Street, Opp. Hilton apartment Amin Marg, Rajkot-360001 novaexports1@gmail.com +91-94272 07300 +91-281-2391036 1OPENING TIME Mon - Sat 10:00 - 19:00 Copyright @2020All rights reserved by: Nova International & Design By Shyamal Infotech.