Rapid-Lite Lighting - Industry Lighting & Lighting Control Experts Loading... Home About Photos Portfolio Partners Contact 646-651-1348 rapidlitesales@gmail.com Home About Photos Portfolio Partners Contact Industry Lighting & Lighting Control Experts Rapid-Lite is Committed to Excellence and Exceeding Your Expectations Industry Lighting & Lighting Control Experts Rapid-Lite is Committed to Excellence and Exceeding Your Expectations Rapid-lite Lighting is a full service lighting distributor We offer design, project budgeting and project management. From the drawings to installation, we are here to help with products from the finest lighting manufactures available to make your job run as smooth and successful as possible. Rapid-Lite Lighting provides lighting fixtures, lighting controls and related services to the construction trade. Since our inception in 2013, we have earned a reputation for cultivating strong, long-standing partnerships with our clients and our manufacturers. Rapid-Lite Lighting focuses on client needs and is passionate about achieving exceptional client satisfaction with each assignment. With 20 years of experience in New York construction, Rapid-Lite Lighting holds a long-standing reputation of executing full-service general lighting projects on time and on budget, from on-set conceptualization to project completion. Our family owned and operated team is comprised of experts in all forms of residential and commercial lighting projects, capable of handling any scope of work with a grounded, hands-on approach and get-it-done attitude. As a boutique firm, we pride ourselves on giving 100% to each project, 100% of the time. Recent Project Photos Brookfield Properties - 200 Vesey St. Brookfield Properties - 200 Vesey St. Brookfield Properties - 200 Vesey St. View More Photos Contact Us Have a question? Let us know. First Name Email Subject Send Message Our Manufacturing Partners View More Partners Rapid-Lite Lighting Home About Photos Portfolio Partners Contact rapidlitesales@gmail.com 646-651-1348 Copyright © 2020 Rapid-Lite Lighting, All Rights Reserved.