Home | FRA Talent Lab Skip to main content FRA Talent Lab Open Menu Talent Attraction Reach Our GenZ Talent Apprenticeships Advertise A Vacancy Talent Development Apprenticeships Apprenticeships Directory Bespoke L&D Data-Driven Talent Mapping Short Courses About Us How We Work Industry Partners Case Studies News Get in touch We’re changing the way retailers develop and hire talent Find out more FRA Talent Lab is the in-house workforce development agency from the Fashion Retail Academy. We help retailers drive change through our innovative learning and development experiences to attract, retrain and retain talent, and provide the retail industry with access to top retail talent. Find your stars of the future Reach our digital-savvy GenZ talent hungry to start a role in retail. Find out more Harness the power of your people Unlock the potential of your teams with our upskilling and reskilling programmes. Find out more The number of people in multi faced roles is going to increase – workers need to be adaptable. Read more from our research report with OC&C Develop Smart We use data-driven talent mapping to help you identify where to focus your people growth. Find out more Latest news from Talent Lab HQ 27 Jun 22 Launching careers with our Business Accelerator apprenticeship This month saw the launch of our latest Level 3 Business Administrator Apprenticeship – our Business Admin Accelerator. The latest cohort welcomes apprentices from TJX who will be studying... Apprenticeships Read article 10 May 22 Welcome to our new Harrods Apprentices We’ve been proudly collaborating with Harrods to deliver career-enhancing apprenticeships since 2017, and last week we celebrated the launch of our most recent partnership – the Harrods Retail Management... News Read article 28 Apr 22 The six key themes impacting retail industry skills Retail is a dynamic industry that’s evolving at pace; over the last decade, this evolution has centred around the increase in online penetration and the data and technology opportunities... Research Read article 28 Apr 22 Social Value report During 2021 we undertook a Social Value study looking at the social, economic and environmental impact that our parent organisation, the Fashion Retail Academy (FRA), creates for people, communities,... Social Impact Read article 28 Apr 22 Welcome to the FRA Talent Lab Since the Fashion Retail Academy launched in 2005, we’ve made it our mission to pioneer innovative education and training experience that create and enhance careers, and nurture the next... News Read article Keep Reading Our employer partners Find out more We work and collaboration with a wide range of retailers across multiple categories including fashion, home, general merchandise, beauty and food. We support in core functions including Buying and Merchandising, Visual Merchandising, Digital, Data, Marketing and Stores. Find out more We’re backed by industry Find out more about our advisory committee and sponsors. Talent Attraction Reach Our GenZ Talent Advertise A Vacancy Apprenticeships Talent Development Bespoke L&D Data-Driven Talent Mapping Short Courses Apprenticeships Apprenticeships Directory About Who We Are How We Work Industry Partners Case Studies News Get in touch Apprenticeship FAQs Access & Participation Statement Accessibility Complaints Policy Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap Terms & Conditions ©fra2024 Made by Chaptr