Softelab | App and Web Development Company Menu Close Menu Menu Home Services About portfolio Working Process Contacts Scroll Down Home Services About Working Process portfolio Clients Exceptional Apps Delevered On Time. Every Time. We create mobil app design and development Let's Start Our Websites Increase your Visitors Customer base We create web and graphic design Let's Start Design Classy and Stylish Brand Perception. We create web and graphic design portfolio Original Design Features With High Quality Code. We create web and graphic design services //Our Services Services We Bring Perfection in the Work Through Our Passion Our App and Web solutions create amazing user experiences and the inspiring impact that transform visitors into customers. Our team is enriched with the diversified experience & splendid combination of cutting edge technologies including PHP, Laravel, React.js, Angularjs, MVC, Word press, Node.js, ASP.NET, JSP, HTML5, CSS, Java, etc. our expertise in the field of Custom Web design & development enables us to deliver the most stunning and premium web solutions for our valuable customers. iOS Development softelab consists of a dedicated staff that works day-and-night to preserve the high quality standards of iOS apps development. More Details Android Development With an outstanding record of 150 hosted Android applications, softelab holds its own ground to make it a leading apps development company. More Details Web Development With a rich and diversified experience of responsive website development, we are always ready to add more value to your projects. More Details Game Development Our staple game development team at softelab adopts your idea or concept and turns them in real-time and responsive game apps. More Details portfolio About softelab Softelab is a premier App Development & Marketing company that provides Turnkey App Development & Marketing Solution for all major mobile, tablet, social media and web platforms, including iPhone, iPad, Android, BlackBerry, HTML 5, Facebook, Web and 2D, 3D & isometric Game Development. With our extensive knowledge in the field of App Development and a highly skilled in-house team of developers, designers and marketers, we can help you bring your App idea into reality by providing end-to-end app development services, starting from initial scoping & analysis till app development, launch, maintenance and project management services. About us 0 Finished projects 0 Happy customers 0 Development Staff 0 Years Development Experience //How Works How it Works Working Process Softelab working processes are driven with excellence and integrity. Conceptualize We start by brainstorming your idea, understanding your objectives and refining the overall concept of the application. Once the concept is fine-tuned, we bring your complete app on paper for approval and signoff, before proceeding to the design phase. More Details 01. UI/UX Designs In this phase, we develop app prototypes to give you a look and feel of the app. Our expert designers work on creating highly attractive & engaging UI and UX designs to give your app a unique edge. Once you are satisfied with the designs, we start the development. More Details 02. Development Upon approval of designs, our team of developers start programming & coding your application. Our development team follows multiple development methodologies including RAD, Waterfall, and Agile, letting you drive things your way. More Details 03. Testing As soon as your app is programmed, our QA team gives it a thorough check for any minor bugs and errors and get them fixed. Once they give us a go ahead, we share the app with you for final testing and approval. As soon as you give us a thumbs up, we prepare for launch. More Details 04. Lunch & Support Now that the application has passed all the checks and we are set for launch, our team uploads the application on the relevant app stores for public release, enabling users to download and use your application. More Details 05. Need more info? Visit services page : Services Development and Design Skills Our extensive knowledge in the field of Development and a highly skilled in-house team of developers, designers, and marketers, we can help you bring your Development idea into reality by providing end-to-end web development services, starting from initial scoping & analysis till web development, launch, maintenance and project management services. Power //Development Designing Skills WE HELP COMPANIES GROW FASTER AND SMARTER 01. - Web Design Apps Design Branding and Marketing Development Skills WE HELP COMPANIES GROW FASTER AND SMARTER 02. - iOS 95% Android 90% Game 83% Jquery 85% Ecommerce 95% PHP 91% HTML5 95% Featured Projects With the most affordable and reliable customized design solutions for businesses of every size and nature, softelab has made it a habit to impress. With softelab world-class design team by your side, you will be able to make your brand larger than life. Don’t take our word for it? Have a look at some of the Featured Projects. portfolio Car Hire APP Souq Shopping Website Walmart Web Portals Music Paradise Player Corporate website Watch Outfitters Poker 3D Game Sports Testimonials// Reviews Clients Reviews and Testimonials Softelab clients are widely satisfied with their projects because we always prioritize clientele’s needs as per their expectations. Read some interesting reviews of our clients from their experience for choosing Softelab. JOHN RICHARDSON - Happy Client "I am very pleased with Appineur team for designing my design & website. I had submitted a general idea of what I wanted and they provided me the complete brand solution. They proposed me few design options for designs & website designs and after with couple of revisions they were able to perfectly meet it. Thanks so much for doing such a great job for my brand. I would definitely recommend Appineur!" LISA CARRELL - Happy Client "My company was looking for some professional company and we find Appineur online, They are very responsive, prices are fair and services are awesome.. We worked with Appineur for designing our business website and rebranding of our letterheads, business cards & brochures. We really liked there initial ideas and with some fine tuning they gave us what we were looking for. Especially now our business card designs are exactly what we are proud of . Great designers and fantastic job." MICHAEL MURRAY - Happy Client "Very professional and responsive, not to mention budget friendly! I wanted to update my current business design and create 5 additional designs that were based off of the updated design of my current one and I cannot express how happy I was with Appineur design team, specially there responsiveness to my needs as well as their understanding of what I was wanting for a business design. I would definitely prefer to work with Appineur in future as well." Milka Antony - Happy Client " was excited to work with this company after reviewing Appineur website and I was not disappointed! The service was fast, friendly and professional. They delivered the final product more than I could have imagined. They took my concept and brought it to life. When you're building a global brand the details are everything, Appineur totally understands and respects that. I will work with them over and over again and I have already started recommending them to everyone I know that whether it's a design, stationary, or website; Appineur is the best!" Ready To order Your Project ? Get In Touch CONTACT 01.Contacts Phone :+1(800) 826-8018 Email :[email protected] Address44 WALL STREET, 16TH FLOOR, MANHATTAN, NEW YORK, 10005 02. Subscribe Want to be notified when we launch a new template or an update. Just sign up and we'll send you a notification by email. Send © softelab.com 2022 / All rights reserved. Get in Touch +1(800) 826-8018 | [email protected]