JPP Concierge – Jap Performance Parts Skip to content JPP Concierge Jap Performance Parts Play Click here to watch an introduction to the JPP Concierge Service. JPP Concierge Service Welcome to JPP’s concierge service. Our facility is dedicated to supporting theneeds of our local and international clients with all their motor vehicle needs.Our expertise covers all forms of cars from vintage, race, drift right through tosuper cars.Our team can help with the most obscure requests; why not use us as yourone stop solution? Industry Experience With over 15 years experience and our network of technical experts and suppliers, we are in the perfect position to source parts and components from across the globe.Our master technicians can undertake any mechanical work, specilaising in fast road and race car builds and providing full custom car packages.We can develop a car based on your needs, build in house and complete the project, right through to engine dyno and mapping. About Jap Performance Parts At Jap Performance Parts Ltd specialise in high performance Japanese cars and spares. We have a massive stock of parts ready for same day dispatch. We can supply genuine new and used parts for Mitsubishi EVO, Subaru Impreza and Nissan Skyline GTR. We are authorised dealers for HKS, Mishimoto, DBA, Super Pro, Xtreme and other major brands.We can undertake bespoke work right from a bare shell to a completed car and anything in between. Although most work is undertaken in-house, we have a network of experts on hand to assist with specialist requirements.We go above and beyond to ensure we provide the best service to our customers. How we can help? We can provide you with a full parts package for easy reassembly in your country.We have a massive stock of parts ready for same day dispatch.Using our existing logistics channels we are able to expedite packages on express services and to many countries on a next day basis.Why go through the stress of searching for rare or difficult to import parts?Outsource the work to our dedicated team, who have been doing this for clients across the globe with great success. Research Source Parts Collate and Assemble Dispatch Previous Clients Research We played host to National Geographic’s Car SOS & Strippers – Cars For Cash. Wheeler Dealers Over the years, Jap Performance Parts is proud to have been featured on the Discovery channel’s hit show, Wheeler Dealers. The Supercar Club Garage We are also the preferred partner of The Supercar Club Garage (owned by Gautam Singhania), the largest motorsport specialist in India. Fast and Furious 6 JPP was credited with official supplier status for Fast and Furious 6. With a reputation like this, you know ours is a name you can trust – on and off-screen. Concierge Service Benefits A dedicated accountmanager who will supportyou We arrange packing andshipping of your goods to suit you All costs are upfront witha competitive commissionrate We pay all UK taxes on yourbehalf so you can buy VATfree Take away the stress of finding parts We will find technical solutions Just make one payment rather than deal with a multitude of suppliers Contact Us JPP Concierge Service is subsidiary of Jap Performance Parts Ltd.Get in touch and let JPP Concierge Service take care of all your motor vehicleneeds. Info@jppconcierge.co.ukwww.jppconcierge.co.uk+(44) 0 1293 52 00 90 Featured on: Download PDF Jap Performance Parts All rights reserved