Aakarsh IT Solutions - Index Aakarsh IT Home About Services Team Blog Contact Login The endeavor of the Aakarsh Group is to provide you with solutions that integrate efficiently and seamlessly with your existing system and add value to your service. Get Started The endeavor of the Aakarsh Group is to provide you with solutions that integrate efficiently and seamlessly with your existing system and add value to your service. Get Started About Aakarsh IT Solutions Business Solutions for your Company Established in 2017, Aakarsh is a Software Development Company with proven track record. We are passionately engaged in providing the best Software Solutions to our worldwide clientele. We believe in adopting emerging technologies as per our client’s needs. We drive innovation. Our Software Development team builds the most professional, scalable and robust IT Solutions for our clients. The software services are built by a team which has competent individuals who have a good hand in almost all the old and new technologies. You can also hire Software Developers and reduce your in-house costs. Read More Our Services Sourcing Candidates IT recruiters may work on attracting applicants passively, or may actively reach out to prospective employees individually. Screening Candidates Once an individual expresses interest and enters the application process, recruiters screen the candidate for the client company's job requirements and qualifications, as well as checking to ensure a good fit with company culture. Arranging Interviews If the candidate passes the initial stage of assessment, the recruiter arranges interviews between the job candidate and key staff within the client company. Coordinating Compensation Packages After the decision is made to offer the position to the candidate, the recruiter explains the compensation package the company is offering and helps navigate any negotiation over salary and other benefits. Companies Recruiters Work With Working with a wide range of companies, since nearly every industry, from media to commerce, requires IT employees. Including both permanent positions and temporary, project-based jobs. 24/7 Support will have to make sure the prototype looks finished by inserting text or photo.make sure the prototype looks finished by. Our Team Gopishetty Sreedhar CEO Garrepally Aravind Sr Web Developer Shalini Bhukya HR Mahesh Chippa Sal US-Staffing Deepak Grewal US-Staffing Sujith Konathapally US-Staffing Sunil Poshala US-Staffing Madhukar Govind Randhir US-Staffing Yasaswini Gajjalakonda Web Developer Latest News 0 comments 2016-03-05 / 09:10:16 Aakarsh Group Read more Contact us Call: +91 92472-44177 Monday-Friday (2pm-10pm) Email: info@aakarshittech.com Web: aakarshittech.com Location: H.No: 1-7-1211; Advocates Colony, Balasamudram, Hanamkonda, Telangana, INDIA - 506001 Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Aakarsh IT Solutions The endeavor of the Aakarsh Group is to provide you with solutions that integrate efficiently and seamlessly with your existing system and add value to your service. information Tel: +91 92472-44177 Email: info@aakarshittech.com Working Hours: 2pm-10pm CONNECT WITH Aakarsh Contact Us Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Disclaimer Services Development Services US IT Recruitment Platforms Advanced customizable tools Corporate Aakarsh Careers Aakarsh Worldwide © Copyright Aakarsh IT Solutions. All Rights Reserved