HAQ Orthopaedic – HAQ Orthopaedic Hospital Skip to content Home About Consultants Bones & Injuries Contact Menu Home About Consultants Bones & Injuries Contact Search Close Home About Consultants Bones & Injuries Contact Menu Home About Consultants Bones & Injuries Contact Search Close Book Appointment WELCOME TO HAQ ORTHOPAEDIC HOSPITAL Welcome to Haq Orthopaedic Hospital! Hospital was established in 1996 and it is run by a dedicated team of consultants. We are dedicated to providing the highest quality of care to our patients, with a focus on orthopaedic and musculoskeletal conditions. Our team of experienced doctors and nurses are committed to helping you achieve optimal health and function. Whether you are seeking treatment for a new injury, managing a chronic condition, or looking to improve your overall health and fitness, we are here to help. Thank you for choosing Haq Orthopaedic Hospital for your care. Contact us Emergency Emergency services are open and available 24/7 Emergency Services Haq Orthopaedic Hospital offers 24/7 emergency support for patients with orthopedic injuries and conditions. The emergency department Read More OPD provides outpatient service for all medical and surgical conditions. OPD Service Haq Orthopaedic Hospital is a highly reputable outpatient facility that offers a wide range of services to patients suffering from orthopedic conditions. Read More IPD We provides inpatient service for all medical and surgical conditions. In Patient Department Haq Orthopaedic Hospital offers a wide range of inpatient services for patients with orthopaedic conditions. These services include surgical procedures, rehabilitation Read More Advanced Healthcare Made Personal. Haq Orthopaedic Hospital is a leading healthcare facility that has made advanced healthcare personal. The hospital utilizes cutting-edge technology, a skilled team of medical professionals, and a patient-centric approach to provide personalized and effective treatment for a wide range of orthopaedic conditions. Read More 0 + Years Experienced 0 + consultants & surgeons What We Do Believe in us, we won’t let you down An orthopedist is a doctor who specialises in orthopaedics. Orthopedists treat a variety of musculoskeletal ailments, including sports injuries, joint discomfort, and back problems, with both surgical and nonsurgical treatments. Lab Hospital’s in house Lab gives good & quick facility for patients related all necessary tests and investigations Physiotherapy The Physical Therapy Department at Haq Orthopaedic Hospital is dedicated to providing the highest level of care to our patients. Our team of highly skilled and experienced physical therapists are dedicated to helping our patients recover from injury or surgery and return to their daily activities as soon as possible. X-Ray Radiological department is a necessary part of an Orthopaedic Hospital. Our digital X-Ray department has well trained staff and best equipments which produce out class digital results. Providing Quality Healthcare Access To The Community Not just better Health Care, But A better Health Care Experience Patients First We provide tailored and personalised care to our patients. The Right Answers Get the answers and assurance you deserve with accuracy you can trust. Seamless Care We're committed to delivering compassionate healthcare. Low Surgical Infections Our surgical site infection rates meet international standards. What We Offer Healing for a better world. Knee Replacement Joint problems can occur at any age. With the medical technology available today, Learn more Joint Replacement Joint problems can occur at any age. With the medical technology available today, Learn more Shoulder Injuries The mobility of the shoulder makes it prone to injury. The shoulder joint is used in pushing, pulling, reaching and swi... Learn more Spine Injuries At Haq Orthopedic Hospital we provide the highest quality and effective care for all spine problems. Learn more Hip & Knee Injuries Many different types of arthritis can affect the hip and knee joints, but the most common of these is osteoarthritis. Learn more Hand & Wrist Injuries The human hand is an intricate instrument that is both tough and delicate. Its functions of sensations Learn more Foot & Ankle Injuries The foot and ankle provide a foundation and bear the weight of the entire body. Keeping the patient's feet and ankl... Learn more Athletic Injuries Injuries of the knee in athletes vary somewhat from injuries in other patients. This is due to several factors. Learn more Why Choose Us We are on the side of humanity. Hospital has well-organized & busy units of Operation Theater, Laboratory, Physiotherapy, Intensive Care Units , Paediatics & Neonatology , Obs / Gynae in which highly qualified faculty supervising the services. Experience The hospital was established during the year 1996 and is situated in the center of the City Lahore, Pakistan. 24/7 Support Emergency services are open and available 24/7. 7 days a week at Haq Orthopedic Lahore. Patient & Family Resources Our staff is highly educated and dedicated to their work. Their work contributes to an outstanding patient experience.To Provide Families with Tremendous Access To Highly Specialized Treatment, We Collaborate With The Associated Health System. News & Article View All Article Sustanon 250 steroid: tutto cio che devi sapere Sustanon 250: Una panoramica sullo steroide Cos’e Sustanon 250? xosotin chelseathông tin chuyển nhượngcâu lạc bộ bóng đá arsenalbóng đá atalantabundesligacầu thủ haalandUEFAevertonxosofutebol ao vivofutemaxmulticanaisonbetbóng 0cef720facffc130fb5b923ae57dec73 958701ce777b54589f0c7d42545b63c6 xosotin chelseathông tin chuyển nhượngcâu lạc bộ bóng đá arsenalbóng đá atalantabundesligacầu thủ haalandUEFAevertonxosofutebol ao vivofutemaxmulticanaisonbetbóng đá world cupbóng đá inter milantin juventusbenzemala ligaclb 0cef720facffc130fb5b923ae57dec73 958701ce777b54589f0c7d42545b63c6 xosotin chelseathông tin chuyển nhượngcâu lạc bộ bóng đá arsenalbóng đá atalantabundesligacầu thủ haalandUEFAevertonxosofutebol ao vivofutemaxmulticanaisonbetbóng đá world cupbóng đá inter milantin juventusbenzemala ligaclb Hello world! Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start writing! xosotin chelseathông tin chuyển nhượngcâu lạc bộ bóng đá arsenalbóng Insurance Panel Haq Orthopaedic Hospital, was established in 1996 and it is run by a dedicated team of consultants. It offers various surgeries, pain management, physical therapy & emergency services round the clock. Facebook Instagram Linkedin Youtube Haq Ortthopaedic Home About Us Consultants Bones & Injuries Support Contact Us Insurance Companies Panel Zain Ul Haq Foundation Contact Info 18 Sanda Road, Lahore, Pakistan. info@haq-ortho.com +92 300 4441040 +92 42 37312860 to 63 Copyright All rights reserved 2023 HAQ Orthopaedic Hospital