Home – Tejays 0141-4556677 info@ttsl.co.in Mon - Sun: 24 x 7 C-84, Janpath, Lalkothi Tonk Road, Jaipur, Rajasthan- 302015 0141-4556677info@ttsl.co.in Mon – Sun: 24×7 HomeAbout TejaysServices LAN & WAN SolutionsWi-Fi SolutionsVPN SolutionsBroadband Internet SolutionsNetworking SolutionsDark Fiber SolutionsWireless & Fiber ConnectivityVOIPIPTV CareerContact UsQuick Pay Secure Enterprise and Campus Wi-Fi Solutions Tejays offers a comprehensive service of initiating Wi-Fi wireless data networks in locations indicated by the customer. Learn More Secure Enterprise and Campus Wi-Fi Solutions Managed LAN & WAN Solutions for MSME Provide wide range of network managed services, depending on the structure of the branches and the needs Learn More Managed LAN & WAN Solutions for MSME Certification Previous Next About Our Company The Best Choice For Your Business! Tejays Dynamic Ltd., is an organization with a passion for cutting edge communication technology. It is this passion and drive that has made us a pioneer provider of wireless and wire- line networking infrastructure, solutions and services to entities in India. Tejays Dynamic was started by a team of Professionals, who have experience and passion in the field of Information Technology and Telecommunications. Read More What We Services Our Services Tejays is fast growing company with its wide range of services across India. Managed by experts and quality measures to satisfy our customers. LAN & WAN Solutions We offer designed networks with a coverage over single office buildings or office or university campuses..Learn More Wi-Fi Solutions Tejays offers a comprehensive service of initiating Wi-Fi wireless data networks in locations indicated…Learn More Networking Solutions Tejays Provides scalable and consistent IT solutions with the possibility of their extension …Learn More FAQs Why we chose Tejays ? Tejays is a Class –A ISP which offers RF & Fiber options for Internet and service. While other service providers o?er a core copper network or a LAN or coaxial cable, both of which cannot serve a reliable upload and download speed. Fiber is fast. Much, much faster than copper. It is reliable, made of glass and works on light pulses. Your data transfers at the speed of light. Tejays is the fastest. Tejays is consistently providing services PAN India coverage single operator for multiple locations Read More Our Clients Previous Next Our Clients Testimonials What People Say We are using internet services from Tejays. With their quality support we are never away from the internet. Thanks to the supportive staff Alisha Smith Art Director Great People , great service … Constant speed as promised , Good customer service Andrew Wills Photographer I have used Tejays services for almost 2 years and I had a very good experience. Response of the team is very quick and all complaints get resolved within few hours. Anurag Graphic Manager i have been using Tejays services for around a year now . Great Speed along with 24*7 customer service is a great boon. Anjali Sales Manager About TejaysTejays Dynamic Ltd., is an organization with a passion for cutting edge communication technology. It is this passion and drive that has made us a pioneer provider... Useful LinksLAN & WAN Solutions Wi-Fi Solutions VPN Solutions Broadband Internet Solutions Networking Solutions Dark Fiber Solutions IPTV Franchisee Enquiry Contact Info 0124- 4890006 info@ttsl.co.in Mon - Sun: 24x7 Registered Office:- C-84, Janpath, Lalkothi Tonk Road, Jaipur, Rajasthan- 302015 Get direction Corporate Office:- 112 A&B, JMD Pacific Square, Sec -15, Part-2 Get direction info@ttsl.co.in Drop Us a Line 0141-4556677 Call Us Now C-84, Lalkothi Tonk Road, Jaipur Registered Office Address Copyright 2020 Tejays, All rights reserved.