Benny Surya Home Business Community Social Community Blog Work Hard Make Money Have Fun “Never Think You Have Time, Create Memories!!!” Contact Me About Me I born in a middle class family in Chennai, India. I am the middle son of Mr. S.D. Narasaiah. My father raised in Chennai, was the employee of a reputed hospital (Shankara Nethralaya - Chennai) and Mrs. Surya kumari my mother was an homemaker. I grew up in an old neighborhood on wide streets of Valasaravakkam, a suburb of Chennai and graduated with a decent degree. After finishing College I met few people who influenced me with lot of intellectual ideas and inspired me from their disciplines which routed my career into a progressive path. Meanwhile, I have prepared myself to learn a lot of technical aspects and professional theories where I dont have any idea that it would turn up my entire career. Schooling : I'm grateful for these years that I have been here. Holy Cross Matriculation School – Chennai was where I learned how to articulate my ideas, fell in love with a normal uncustomized lifestyle and discovered a passion for the arts. And importantly, it was at Holy cross where I felt like, I could finally be my weird self. Graduation : College life presented unprecedented scale and diversity of opportunity. My four years of phenomenal professors across the disciplines pushed me to expand, challenge and adjust my worldview. Those days where I ve kept on thinking about the possible outcomes of my expectations. Carrer Madhura Garments (Aditya Birla Group) 2006 Obsessed with finding right career along with an idea of working with prestigious concern, I started my career with well recognized concern which plays huge role of business in Indian economy. I was put up in warehouse handling department with good mentors and fellowships. When competitions and demands rule this world, I quickly convinced few people with regards to my talent and get placed myself comfortable here. Also I feel deserved to be here and was given a lot of responsibilities at very young age. I never tried trade my tenure here for anything. I was able to communicate the requirements to the superiors with regards to their productivity expectations. But ultimately, I knew I couldn’t stay there long-term because, my vision always wanted to explore new exposures. Scan Ray Metalurgical Services 2008 During those years at Madhura Garments, I had grown increasingly concerned by the business exposures and the value of production in core knowledge. Scan ray was hiring the engineerss for their specific requirement and my search fulfilled its hunger over here. Since the ideas of jobs for short time financial needs got expired from my mind, I was like neither willing nor able to get anything done untill I got placed here. 2012 Since the work has been gone with usual exposures and daily routines, with an human mindset steps out expecting a new channel, I planned to releive with mutual consent. When I felt that there is enough confidence and knowledge guiding me, I joined hands with few mentors and I was honoured as a co - founder of an another engineering organization. Ray Sonic International – Chennai 2012 Once the transition period of learning gave me the ray of hope towards a good fortune, I started initiating the next step. With some good guidance I was honoured to be in the base team of a new company. Mr. Sreedhar Kandhaswamy was my mentor and guide whom I can proudly say that he planted the professional ideas into my mind. I believe each person has the power to overcome all of life's challenges, to live a life of value, and become a positive influence in their community, society, and the world. 2012 Once the seat was decided and given with a proper position, I was put up with a routine business programs. As life revolves with its own plays, I thought my activities and ideologies are matured and ready to cultivate some innovations. When my ideologies contradicts with my collegues, I was pushed to a position to think some alternatives. As professionalism had already taught me disciplines, I decided to get a mutual consent of relieving again with given acknowledgement of my next huge step. Discover Groups Here comes my next biggest step towards my dream with lots of hope and expectations. DISCOVER GROUP OF COMPANIES started at 2015. I always feel that initiating something is not always a great thing to be appreciated. I strongly agree that before every startups, there should be a long time vision and conviction towards its progression. As so, I have planned to initiate this setup and still operating with my team. Since I have already planned my vision, I personally feel not to describe the mission path and objective. My Professional Expertise Consultant When the firm started and the seat of mine got high pressures, I was put up again for task approvals and business commitments. When we get the authority situation, I feel that each and every word from us should be with its appropriate quality and commitments. This place is where a person either CEO or a manager acts as a consultant. As a consultant I'm responsible for identifying areas of a business model that could be improved, and strategizing how that improvement could be executed. So, now I'm a CEO come consultant of NDT (Non Destructive Testing) Nondestructive testing (NDT) is a wide group of analysis techniques used in science and technology industry to evaluate the properties of a material, component or system without causing damage. PWHT (Post Weld Heat Treatment) Post weld heat treatment (PWHT) is a controlled process in which a material that has been welded is reheated to a temperature below its lower critical transformation temperature, and then it is held at that temperature for a specified amount of time. Welding Inspection Many characteristics of a weld can be evaluated during welding inspection - some relating to weld size, and others relating to the presence of weld discontinuities. The size of a weld can be extremely important, as it often relates directly to the weld's strength and performance. For instance, undersized welds may not withstand stresses applied during service. Plant Inspection The American Petroleum Institute (API) establishes standards that are used internationally within the oil and gas industry and are designed to help users improve the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of their operations, comply with legislative and regulatory requirements, and safeguard health, ensure safety, and protect the environment. Dacon uses these standards to maximize the efficiency and value of it’s API inspection services and to ensure the safety of all personnel involved in API related work activities. Rope Access Consultant IRATA International’s rope access system is a safe method of working at height where ropes and associated equipment are used to gain access to and from the work position, and to be supported there. Third Party Inspection A third-party inspection agency (TPIA or TPI) is a business organization, complying with the ISO 17020 standard. Third-party inspection or "Category A" is the most stringent of the 3 categories of inspection organization that the standard specifies. Such organizations are third party inspection agencies that must not be involved in any activities other than inspection and testing. Based on this requirement the third party inspection agency must not be involved in design, procurement, fabrication, construction and installation. All companies and parties such as buyers, sellers, engineering companies, plant owners must have access to these agencies and use their services. The confidentiality, independence, impartiality and integrity are important conditions for being a Third Party Inspection agency. Marine Survey and Inspection Marine surveyor is including Yacht & Small Craft Surveyor, Hull & Machinery Surveyor and or Cargo Surveyor is a person who conducts inspections, surveys or examinations of marine vessels to assess, monitor and report on their condition and the products on them, as well as inspects damage caused to both vessels and cargo. Marine surveyors also inspect equipment intended for new or existing vessels to ensure compliance with various standards or specifications. Marine surveys typically include the structure, machinery and equipment (navigational, safety, radio, etc.) Fabrication Metal fabrication is the creation of metal structures by cutting, bending and assembling processes. It is a value-added process involving the creation of machines, parts, and structures from various raw materials. Typically, a fabrication shop bids on a job, usually based on engineering drawings, and if awarded the contract, builds the product. Large fab shops employ a multitude of value-added processes, including welding, cutting, forming and machining. I am Benny Please don't think I am a professional white collar man, I am really spending more time for myself as an adventurist and explorer. Scroll down to explore me! Nature lover Trekking Hills & vacation spots Music lover Long travel Western culture Friends & party Social drinker I learn from each and every one ! There is no standard format in my lifestyle ! Inner side of me I always believe that, the evolution of our consciousness is analogous to the physical appearance of our body. Our desire always governs us and pushes towards our goals. But unfortunately only few people of the world are under this category. I am proud to explicit my thoughts and interests, so that you can explore me here. I am a strong believer of external power and force which guides us through the life. It can't be simply defined and I value it a lot. I am so enthusiastic and playful so that I can make myself controllable at tough situations always with a smiling face. I always decide my path either it is about life or career, I am blessed to be in a position of taking right decisions. What is all about ? I can decribe a lot about myself whereas blogger and web portals may get tired of scrolling down. But I feel that am making my own history by sculpting through digital tools. On this era, we just have humans and satellites to carry our information to the future. So I thought of opening up myself in this area and expecting few smiles and comments ! On my View – Politics The more I practiced with usual lifestyle and culture, there are lot of times where I have invested my time in seeing and admiring on Politics. The more I realize is that it would lend its power to any action and change. Here are my favorite list of people on whom I have huge respect always. Human Being – Insider Indian Tradionalist Holistic Hindu devotee - but also I believe religion is just a procedure for an human lifestyle & culture. Fond of Rugby and Kabbaddi games. I love cycling and I think I have travelled a lot more than I have expected. Unique Cinema lover and admired especially on reality movies. Have a great respect and attraction on Mr. Vetrimaaran and Mr. Mahendran (Tamil Cinema Filmmakers) Most lovable Movies - Apocalypto, Bahubali, Jeans, 96 and Asuran Rejuvenating “The life has been created, make a relationship with nature and let your body breathe some pure air.” In this wide world, there are places to be get rejuvenated. But I always think that there are common places where you can feel your soul and enjoy the prescence. Mostly I prefer to travel a lot and explore myself through the spectacular nature views. Leafs, Greens, Hills and Clouds are my happiness elements throughout my life. We may have heard or seen about many popular saints and guruji's talks. All most they talk about exploring the inner soul through some mediums. Here I am proud to say that I am on my way through it since my childhood. Places A place should allow an individual to experience inner peace and the joy of a healthy body through a unique and powerful set of offerings. We may have travelled a lot in our life period, but only few places we can remember every time with the same excitement and surprise.When situation puts me into deep thinking and struggles, my inner mind always wants to get out somewhere. Either it depends on wheels or steps, my body shuld get through it in the name of travel. Hence those travels began, few places are pinned in my heart and here are they,"Feel blessed that you are given a lot and there is an option to explore. Open your eyes and start walking" Inspiration "I always believe these people will embrace my curiosity and take me to my expected destination with high positivity"We’re all in this together. And there will come a time when each and every one of us will need a person to motivate us. I strongly believe that when you see someone who really inspires you, then don’t think twice. Step in and register them inside you. Inspiration is the best gift one can get or give.To get inspiration is hard and to get an inspiration from the right person at the right time can take a way long ahead. It did take me a bit longer time to identify my list, but they say, “Never too late for good things to happen.” Reason Why ? Before each and every point out, there will be a reason behind it. I say, the reasons are the main part of our desires. Without it we can't define something. I might have not simply inspired to them in regards to the other's speech or suggestion. I am a person who always sees alternate perspectives. Angry ! As a human being, we all may faced some situation which triggers our emotions and actions. Yes! I am not an alien on this term. There were periods where I behaved with my utmost angriness. But when its time to recollect it, those times seems to be meaningless and immatured. Love ! This is a beautiful part in my life and I can say more about this title with a huge smile. Love is not an external feel which strikes you at your adoloscence. I feel it accompanied with me for several years and on one good day it introduced Mrs. Vijayalakshmi as a partner of my life. It's a compliment for all living things. Surprises Surprises are the most beautiful elements of human life where it only keeps a relationship with lips and heart most of the times. It has the ability to create smiles and heart strikes all time. I am blessed and gifted to be get surprised and offer it to my circle fellows too. Friends I consider them as a part of my family, because we live in a society where we call people as family with whom we spend more time. Hence my fellows are a part of it and I live with them happily and playfully. Our Group of Companies NDE Flaw Technologies Private Limiteds PWHT SOLUTIONS PVT LTD Discover Import And Export Pvt Ltd 24 Degree HVAC Experts Private Limited NDE Flaw Technologies Private Limiteds NDE Flaw Technologies Pvt Ltd was Established In 2012 As NDT Based Company. Our Portfolio Spans Across Industrial Services And Manufacturing Sectors. NdeTech Was Established As NDT&E Reference Standards And Flawed Weld Specimens Manufacturing Company, And NDT Training Certification, Recruitment Consultant For Inspection Industries Provider To Cater The Requirements Of Various Industries In India As Well As Abroad. Web: www.ndeflawtechnologies.com | www.ndetech.org.in.com Email: info@Ndeflawtechnologies.com | info@bennysurya.com PH: 044 24763755 Mob: +91-9043660755 PWHT SOLUTIONS PVT LTD PWHT SOLUTIONS PVT LTD was Established in 2012 as Metallurgical Testing, NDT Testing and PWHT Service Provider to Cater the Requirements of Various Industries in India as well as abroad. The services we provide are of the highest quality to meet the inspection requirements of the modern industries. All the inspection activities are carried out to meet the client requirements in accordance with respective company specification or national / international standards by knowledgeable staff. Our current technological capabilities and field of service are given in various sections. Web: www.pwhtsolutions.com Email: info@pwhtsolutions.com |info@bennysurya.com PH: 044 24763755 Mob: +91-9043660755 Discover Import And Export Pvt Ltd Discover Import And Export Pvt Ltd We understands that in a world that’s constantly in motion, you have to build on your momentum; slowing down means losing valuable opportunities. It is by this principle that it dedicates its resources and capabilities towards keeping its customers ahead, by being a reliable and punctual supplier and transshipment partner Web: www.pwhtsolutions.com Email: info@pwhtsolutions.com | info@bennysurya.com PH: 044 24763755 Mob: +91-9043660755 24 Degree HVAC Experts Private Limited “24 Degree HVAC Experts Private Limited” is working in an outstanding way that we are gratifying the huge clients’ base. Our association is a Private Limited Company based venture. We have settled our main head office at Porur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Since 2018, we are matching up with the never ending necessities of the customers, our company is a leading Manufacturer, Trader of Residential Air Conditioner, Commercial Air Conditioner, Air Conditioner Unit, Air Duct System and further more, All the products under the keen supervision of our ardent professional and follow the entire quality norms and offer the hygiene packaging standards. Web: www.24degreehvacexperts.com Email: info@24degreehvacexperts.com | info@bennysurya.com PH: 044 24763755 Mob: +91-9043660755 Phone +91 - 9043660755 Address D.No.15, ADR Complex G.K.Industrial Estate, Allapakkam, Porur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 600116 Email info@bennysurya.com © 2024 Benny Surya. All Rights Reserved.