Gold Vault Security Agency – Gold Vault Security Agency Skip to content login vault TRACKING About Us Services Safe Keeping & Vault Services Gold Assaying Bullion Transportation & Logistics Residential Commercial Contact TRACKING login vault Transportation & Logistics We define ourselves as a high service orientated bullion wholeseller and retailer. Especially the logistic and individual supply chain solutions are considered as one of our USPs. learn more get in touch Quality and Performance Our team has so many years of knowledge of international industrial systems, dedicated to provide the best economical solutions to our valued customers. e are committed to environmental protection and social responsibility. learn more Safe Keeping & Vault Services With our storage partners, your metal will be kept on a 100% physically “allocated” basis. This means that your coins and bullion are physically present in the vault, held separately in your name, and not just represented by a certificate. Learn more Intercon systems CCTV IP-camera systems Access control Alarm signaling Security. Elevated. Securitas helps make the world a safer place for clients and their customers by combining specialized guarding services with world-class technology. Certified Company We are fully Registered and Certified to operate business. Professionals Our team have mastered their job skills, build confidence with clients Trusted The awesome customer and employees feedback and reviews speaks for itself. Special Services Globally known for our ability to safely keep your precious minerals to your satisfaction. We deliver to you as and you when you need as well. Tracking made easy. BEST PLACE TO STORE GOLD OR MINERALS Gold Vault Security Agency and Courier Company and its subsidiaries offer private and business safe deposit, private business Deposit and private wealth management, including investment, trust and brokerage services. Gold Vault Security Agency and Courier Company specializes in delivering exceptional, relationship-based service, with a solid Contingent staffing agencies in Ghana. and commitment to responsiveness and action. learn more Safe Keeping Gold Vault Security Agency provides a specialist safety deposit box service for the safe keeping of your assets such as gold, diamond, jewellery, media, coins, birth certificates,passports, back-up devices, collectable, wills and lease documents learn more Secure Deposit boxes Gold Vault Security Agency With unique design and high class security innovations, clients can comfortably, safely and confidently keep their money, treasures, valuable documents and items safe in a fireproof environment. A safe-deposit box learn more Secure Delivery Services Gold Vault Security Agency Our company is dedicated to the goal of providing expert Security and Courier services at affordable prices to build lasting customer relationships for years to come. We work tirelessly to exceed expectations on learn more WE ARE YOUR DEDICATED LOCAL SECURITY COMPANY Equipment is NOT Security – Experience and Dedication IS. Our experienced, dedicated professionals available 24 hours a day to make sure you can rest peacefully and worry-free. VIEW RESIDENTIAL SERVICES VIEW commercial SERVICES Comprehensive Security Protect your home, business, and family with a comprehensive security solution. The Smart Home Solution Control and automate your home to be safe and secure as well as user friendly. 24-7 Control You’re busy. Take control of your home while on the go or relaxing at home! Customized Business Solutions Discover exactly what Dayton Security’s line of customized business solutions can do for you. Get in touch Copyright 2024 © Gold Vault Security Agency About Us Services Safe Keeping & Vault Services Gold Assaying Bullion Transportation & Logistics Residential Commercial Contact login vault TRACKING