Pheromones & Trapping Systems | Insects Limited Skip to Content Open Menu Close Menu Pest Products All Pest Products Food Pest Solutions Fabric & Textile Pest Solutions Home Pest Solutions Anoxic Storage Solutions Identify Your Pest All Pests Food Pests Fabric & Museum Pests Home Pests Who We Serve Food Safety Residential Museums, Libraries, & Historic Houses Pest Management Professionals Resources Pest Products Newsletters Join Our Informed Community Insect Monitoring Guidelines Safety Data Sheets (SDS) Blog Events Videos Contact Login Account 0 0 STORE Login Account 0 0 STORE Pest Products All Pest Products Food Pest Solutions Fabric & Textile Pest Solutions Home Pest Solutions Anoxic Storage Solutions Identify Your Pest All Pests Food Pests Fabric & Museum Pests Home Pests Who We Serve Food Safety Residential Museums, Libraries, & Historic Houses Pest Management Professionals Resources Pest Products Newsletters Join Our Informed Community Insect Monitoring Guidelines Safety Data Sheets (SDS) Blog Events Videos Contact Open Menu Close Menu Folder: Pest Products Back All Pest Products Food Pest Solutions Fabric & Textile Pest Solutions Home Pest Solutions Anoxic Storage Solutions Folder: Identify Your Pest Back All Pests Food Pests Fabric & Museum Pests Home Pests Folder: Who We Serve Back Food Safety Residential Museums, Libraries, & Historic Houses Pest Management Professionals Folder: Resources Back Pest Products Newsletters Join Our Informed Community Insect Monitoring Guidelines Safety Data Sheets (SDS) Blog Events Videos Contact Login Account STORE ScienceAt Insects Limited, we practice the science to master the art of pest management through our extensive product research. PEST RESOURCES Education Our world-class education programs share the most recent, cutting-edge investigations into pest biology, pheromones and trapping systems presented by researchers and field experts from around the globe. Learn of Upcoming Events Pest ProductsInsects Limited manufactures and sells pheromone lures and traps for insect pests of dried food, textiles, grain, carpets, taxidermy, and tobacco. VISIT THE STORE Pest ProductsInsects Limited manufactures and sells pheromone lures and traps for insect pests of dried food, textiles, grain, carpets, taxidermy, and tobacco. VISIT THE STORE Start with the Insect First.Insects Limited, Inc. is an insect pheromone company based on science, education, and innovation here to solve your pest problem.We contribute to the pest management industry by providing cutting edge food safety and pest control information and effective pheromone products. We actively look for ways to create new products that lead customers to save time and money in their insect monitoring program while giving them data and intel to make the right decisions after early detection has occurred. SHOP PEST PRODUCTS Who We Serve Food Safety ProfessionalsQuality assurance is your responsibility because it means the difference between sales won and sales lost. Protect your brand and prevent product loss with newly emerging pest technology, accurate, effective, and non-toxic pheromone products, and a team of expert pest management support. LEARN MORE Home & Residential UseProtecting your family and pets with non-toxic and safe pest solutions is a non-negotiable. If your sweaters have holes in them, your wool items are being eaten by pests, or if you have pesky moths invading your pantry, Insects Limited can guide you to the most accurate solution. Learn more Cultural Heritage Institutions You’ve been tasked with preserving cultural heritage objects, those one-of-a-kind items. Learn about the pests that feed on the materials under your care. With over 30 years of experience, Insects Limited entomologists provide sound guidance to help prevent the pest problem before it starts. Learn more Pest Management ProfessionalsYour goal is to provide high quality service to your customers with results. Insects Limited provides Pest Management Professionals with accurate insect identification, scientific expert guidance from our board certified entomologists, and pest products proven to save you time and money. Learn more Join Our Informed CommunityReceive Insects Limited’s monthly newsletter, event updates, and product information. Click to Join Now Our Core Values In all, our aim is to strive for quality service, provide the absolute best pheromone products available worldwide, to be a respected world-class organization, and maintain profitability by incorporating science, education, and innovation. Meet our team Our Most In-Demand Pest Monitoring ProductsProviding the highest quality pheromone products worldwide is paramount to Insects Limited as we strive to be a world-class organization focused on innovation in the pest industry. View our most in-demand pheromone products below. Clothes Moth Flat Trap Kit (IL-120) from $71.50 Kit or Case: Select Kit or Case Kit of 5 Traps and LuresKit of 10 Traps and LuresCase of 100 Traps and Lures Kit of 5 Traps and Lures Kit of 10 Traps and Lures Case of 100 Traps and Lures Quantity: Purchase Clothes Moth Bullet Lure (IL-123) from $76.00 Kit or Case: Select Kit or Case Kit of 10 LuresCase of 100 Lures Kit of 10 Lures Case of 100 Lures Quantity: Purchase Clothes Moth NoSurvivor™ Kit (IL-124) from $115.00 Kit or Case: Select Kit or Case Kit of 10 Traps and LureCase of 100 Traps and Lures Kit of 10 Traps and Lure Case of 100 Traps and Lures Quantity: Purchase SHOP ALL PRODUCTS Food Moth NoSurvivor ™ Kit (IL-164) from $85.50 Kit or Case: Select Kit or Case Kit of 10 Traps and LuresCase of 100 Traps and Lures Kit of 10 Traps and Lures Case of 100 Traps and Lures Quantity: Purchase Learn About Your Pest Review our latest pest industry newsletter articles about emerging pest technology and find resources to solve your pest issue. BROWSE THE BLOG Identify your pest. Review our detailed education sheets including pest behavior, life cycle, and proper pest solutions. IDENTIFY YOUR PEST Receive pest education. Our videos offer training to eradicate pest hassles and stop them before they start. WATCH THE VIDEOS Quality Pheromones and Trapping Systems Food Safety Pest Solutions Residential Pest Solutions Museum Pest Solutions Upcoming Events Join Our Informed CommunityEducation is one of our core components. Join our informed community to be notified of all upcoming events and webinars. CLICK TO JOIN NOW VIEW EVENT CALENDAR “The future of pest control is without the use of toxic chemicals.”— Dr. John Osmun, Purdue University At Insects Limited, we’re here to help. BROWSE ARTICLES PUBLISHED BY INSECTS LIMITED MenuAbout Insects LimitedVideosMeet Our TeamProduct GuideStoreTestimonialsTerms and Conditions Questions?Contact usFAQs﻿ Join Our Informed Community Click to Join now