:: Dr CCMEH Medical College :: :: Dr CCMEH Medical College :: ELECTRO HOMOEOPATHY HAS RECOGNIZED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, CENTRAL MINISTRY OF HEALTH & FAMILY WELFARE ,G.O. VIDE NO.25011/276/2009 HR DATED 05/05/2010 ELECTRO HOMOEOPATHIC DOCTORS CAN PRACTICE LEGALLY IN EACH &EVERY CORNER OF THE INDIAN STATES. “UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR ESTABLISHING ALTERNATIVE MEDICAL UNIVERSITY SOON” ISSUED BY THE INDIAN COUNCIL OFRESEARCH&DEVELOPMENT,DEPARTMENTOF HEALTH,RESEARCH&PLANNINGCOMMISSIONVIDE.NO.61/1/2000/ASM/BMS/TRM.DATED:06-02-2013 * Join * Recognised with sattled Law Medical Courses : D.E.H.M., B.E.M.S., & M.D.(E.H), Through Distance Education/Correspondence Register Now User Login Results Online Advice Home About Us Legal Gallery Treatments Contact Us :: Dr CCMEH Medical College :: All rights reserved to Dr CCMEH Medical College 2013, Powered by Catchway, Web Design Hyderabad | Hosting by Gaja WELCOME TO Dr. MATTEI ELECTRO HOMOEOPATHY MEDICAL COLLEGE & RESEARCH CENTRE "AN IDEAL PLACE FOR MEDICAL EDUCATION, TREATMENT AND ELECTRO HOMOEOPATHIC MEDICINES" WE TRUST ONLY IN NATURE TO CURE Every disease originates in the change either of the blood or the lymph or the both at the same time and disease can be cured though vegetable kingdom since they form a major part of human food --------------------------------------.COUNT CESAER MATTEI (1809-1896) Believe in erasing the health problems from the root rather than solving the health snag on a temporary basis. Our method is based on the energy extracted from the active enzymes of the plants, making it powerful and prompt just like electricity. That is why, this system of treatment is called ELECTRO HOMOEOPATHY. These remedies work naturally and hence are extremely efficient, simple, anti - side effects and cost effective. Electro homeopathy proudly stands apart in the medical field due to its impressive results leading to a healthier world. Be it rich or the poor localities or foreigners, kids or the senior citizens, everybody has lastly benefited from this method of treatment to an immense magnitude. In order to give a concrete shape to the effort for the development, promotion and research of electro homeopathy, Dr.MATTEI ELECTRO HOMOEOPATHIC MEDICAL COLLEGE & RESEARCH CENTRE, has established to impart the necessary comprehensive training to the young INTRODUCTION OF ELECTROHOMOPATHY APPLY VIDEO Electro homoeopathy, a part of Alternative System of Medicine, having complete medical treatment is known as Fifth Medical System. Electro homoeopathy was discovered by a famous Italian scientist Dr. Count Ceaser Mattei in 1865 who devoted himself to the field of Medicine and discovered remedies, which could cure incurable diseases. He proved that man is the product of Nature and only a medical science based on the law of nature can prevent and protect its creation. He searched for cures in the vegetable kingdom and succeeded in curing some of the worst forms of Scrofulous Complaints. Encouraged by his success, he proceeded with his experiments, discovered many more medicines. At last he was successful in his work and extracted the Medicinal properties of 114 plants and prepared 38 medicines. Later, He added 22 more medicines. He used the medicines on the basis of the “law of Polarity” and demonstrated that any changes in the two vital fluids of the body, the Blood and the Lymph, will lead to the disease. The principle of Electro Homeopathy holds that the body is a complex structure and only complex remedies for the complex disease will prove worthy. The Electropathy medicines are prepared by unique scientific process ,called Cohobation, introduced by Dr Theophrastus Von Hoheneim in which living energies of the plant essences obtained from medicinal plants. These remedies have maximum curative capacity regulate the Lymph and Blood and also to keep them purified. The Principle of this medical science is, “COMPLEXA-COMPLEXIS-CURANTURE” which means complex disease is cured through complex medicines, as the human body being a complex structure. Electro homoeopathy recognizes human being and plant as two complementary electronic configuration of natural system in which, Medicine acts as a donor while human being as acceptor. Electro homoeopathy is a fifth medical system in India. Its medicines are purely herbal oriented, (spagric essence from medicinal plants), which are non toxic, non alcoholic, harmless, having no side effects besides being cheap and within the reach of the poor people. Though only four recognized (Allopathic, Ayurveda, Unani and Homoeopathy) medical system exit, there is no reason why fifth or for that matter sixth or seventh will not come. Certainly the fifth has come and get recognition. This fifth pathy, Electro homoeopathy is being promoted, developed and propagated by Council of Electro homoeopathy system of medicine, Research &Development. Of (A.P). There has been no Act/Law which prevents/stops the new inventions/discoveries, their promotion and development of new medical system. Even the liberalization/globalization policy adopted by the Union of India stress for research and development activities in every field of activity. Many institutions and agencies have come up in recent decades to the ailing millions of Indians. No one can deny their praise worthy service. There is, however, a need for greater effort for the spread of Electro homoeopathy. However, various state government administrations are victimizing and harassing these institutions for nothing, which is a highly unsupported by the law of India. CRITICISM ON THE PATHY The discipline was developed initially by Cesare Mattei (1809–1896) in the latter part of the 19th century. Mattei, a nobleman living in a castle in the vicinity of Bologna, studied natural science, anatomy, physiology, pathology, chemistry and botany. He ultimately focused on the supposed therapeutic power of 'electricity' in botanical extracts. Massey made bold, unsupported claims for the efficacy of his treatments, including the claim that his treatments offered a nonsurgical alternative to cancer. His treatment regiments were met with skepticism by medical orthodoxy: The electro homeopathic system is an invention of Count Mattei who praised of "red," "blue," and "green" electricity, a theory that, in spite of its utter idiocy, has attracted a considerable following and earned a large fortune for its chief promoter. Notwithstanding criticisms, including a challenge by the British medical establishment to the claimed success of his cancer treatments, electro homeopathy (or Matteism, as it was sometimes known at the time) had adherents in Germany, France, the USA and the UK by the beginning of the 20th century; electro homeopathy had been the subject of approximately 100 publications and there were three journals dedicated to it. After Mattei's death, his work was built upon by Theodore Krauss (1864–1924) who amplified the number of available treatments, including the introduction of injet able forms of treatment, and modernised production processes. PHILOSOPHY OF THE PATHY Remedies are derived from what are said to be the active micro nutrients or mineral salts of certain plants. One contemporary account of the process of producing electro homeopathic remedies was as follows: As to the nature of his remedies we learn...that...they are manufactured from certain herbs, and that the directions for the preparation of the necessary dilutions are given in the ordinary jargon of homeopathy. The globules and liquids, however, are “instinct with a potent, vital, electrical force, which enables them to work wonders." This process of "fixing the electrical principle" is carried on in the secret central chamber of a Neo-Moorish castle which Count Mattei has built for himself in the Bolognese Apennines...The "red electricity" and "white electricity" supposed to be "fixed" in these "vegetable compounds" are in their very nomenclature and suggestion poor and miserable fictions. According to Mattei's own ideas however, every disease originates in the change of blood or of the lymphatic system or both, and remedies can therefore be mainly divided into two broad categories groups to be used in response to the dominant affected system. Mattei wrote that having obtained plant extracts, he was "able to determine in the liquid vegetable electricity". Allied to his theories and therapies were elements of Chinese medicine, of medical humors, of apparent Brownian’s, as well as modified versions of Samuel Hahnemann's homeopathic principles. Electro homeopathy has some associations withSpagyric medicine, a holistic medical philosophy claimed to be the practical application of alchemy in medical treatment, so that the principle of modern electro homeopathy is that disease is typically multi-organic in cause or effect and therefore requires holistic treatment that is at once both complex and natural. 114 plants are used in the preparation of electro homeopathic medicines. The medicines are prepared by following the three major steps of spagyrism: purification, separation and "cohobation"(also known as cold fermentation). Electro homeopathic remedies include: Scrofoloso remedies - act on scrofulous disorders and the metabolism. Linfatico remedies - act on both blood and lymphatic systems. Angioiticos remedies - act on blood vessels and the circulatory system. Canceroso remedies - act on cellular construction and the chronic degeneration of lymph. Febrifugo remedies - act on fevers and all types of intermittent diseases, as well as disorders of the spleen and liver. Vermifugo remedies - act on the intestines, but also on the other parts of our organism; also for worms. Pettorale remedies - act on the respiratory system and bronchial tubes. Venereo remedies - general constitutional effect and for venereal infections. As well as the categories of remedy, practitioners recognize five (and sometimes more) "electric fluids" or electricity’s: red (a stimulant)(+); white (sedative)(=); blue (anti-hemorrhagic)(+); green (analgesic)(-); yellow (intestinal remedy)(-);Two new electricity’s are included in this category as violet (nervous system) and indigo(sedative). MODERN USAGE Although there have been few or no published controlled trials of the efficacy of electro homeopathy, it continues to be practiced. A symposium took place in Bologna in 2008 to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of Cesare Mattei, with faculty from India, Pakistan, Germany UK,and the USA. The discipline is practiced predominantly in India and Pakistan (although it is not a recognized healthcare discipline in India), but there are also a number of electro homeopathy organizations and institutions worldwide :: Dr CCMEH Medical College :: Few line for the Father of Electro-Homoeopathy History of Electro-Homoeopathy Difference between E-H &Homoeopathy Advantages of E-H Principles of E-H &Causes of Disease Law of Polarity & Body Points Plants of E-H Remedies of E-H Injections of E-H How E-H acts E-H Medicines Adminstration About the Theraphy Comparative chart of Other Pathies E-H Vs Allopathy Why Electro-Homoeopathy Experts View Scope of B.E.M.S F-A-Q-S. List of Students HERBS ARE THE BEST ANSWER TO ALL YOUR AILMENTS..!! :: Dr CCMEH Medical College :: All rights reserved to Dr CCMEH Medical College 2013, Powered by Catchway, Web Design Hyderabad | Hosting by Gaja