Johnmarians LOADING Home About Service Why Choose Us Book Online Appointment CREATING A BETTER TOMORROW Welcome to Johnmarian's Your Path to a Healthier Lifestyle! Unlock the Secrets to a Balanced Life Book Online Appointment Contact Us Our Prescription for Convenience: Visit Our Online Pharmacy Today! Go To Online Store Our New Products Health & Wellness Genomic Test Buy Now Talent Decode Nutrigenomics & LDST Buy Now About Us Inspiring Healthier Tomorrows, Today's Commitment Johnmarian is a dedicated lifestyle clinic specializing in the comprehensive treatment of a wide range of lifestyle diseases. Our expert team is committed to addressing conditions such as Varicose Problems, Obesity, Diabetes, Neuropathy, Hypertension, liver and kidney dysfunctions, Migraine, Headaches, Arthritis, Nerve Damages, Disc Problems, Hair Fall, Skin problems, Bed Sores, Paralysis, Swelling, Menstrual Problems, PCOD, Infertility, Hormonal Problems, Gut Problems, Stomach-related issues, Fibromyalgia, and Joint Pains, among others. Through personalized care and cutting-edge therapies, we aim to restore your health and improve your overall quality of life. Trust Johnmarian to guide you on your journey to better well-being and vitality. Comprehensive Lifestyle Disease Treatment Expert Multidisciplinary Team Cutting-edge Therapies and Innovative Solutions Empowering Wellness Journeys Skilled Doctors Delivering exceptional medical expertise and compassionate care. Quality Services Expect top-notch quality services, catering to diverse healthcare needs. Positive Reviews Positive reviews reflect exceptional care, satisfied patients, and successful outcomes. Our Services Our Healthcare Services Revolutionary Healthcare Solutions Advanced Services Redefining Medical Excellence at Johnmarian's Dyslipidemia Pain Management Menstrual problem Stroke Chronic Kidney disease Varicose problem Liver diseases Counselling and Psychology Psychological problem Migraine and Headache Gynaecological problems Obesity Rehabilitation Diabetes Thyroid disorder 0 Expert Doctors 0 Successful Story 0 Branches Why Choose Us How We Are Different Making a Meaningful Impact Empowering Patients with Exceptional Care and Lasting Health Benefits Certified Doctors Successful Treatment play_circle_filled Certified Doctors Trusted and Certified Doctors Providing Exceptional Medical Care Your Health in Trusted Hands : Exceptional Medical Care Delivered by Certified Doctors Who Prioritize Your Well-Being, Harnessing the Latest Techniques, Compassion, and Expertise to Ensure Optimal Treatment Outcomes and Peace of Mind. Trusted and Certified Professionals Exceptional Medical Care Patient-Centered Approach Successful Treatment Empowering Health and Healing for Every Patient Empowering Patients with Effective and Compassionate Care, Delivering Remarkable Results for Lasting Physical, Mental, and Emotional Well-Being. Experience a Journey of Healing, Guided by Expert Professionals and Cutting-edge Therapies, Redefining Health and Happiness. Effective Care and Remarkable Results Empowering Patients Lasting Health and Well-Being Expert Professionals and Cutting-edge Therapies play_circle_filled play_circle_filled Modern Technology Revolutionizing Healthcare Harnessing Modern Technology for Optimal Outcomes Harnessing the Power of Modern Technology to Achieve Optimal Patient Outcomes. Embracing Cutting-Edge Innovations, Artificial Intelligence, and Advanced Medical Devices, our Forward-Thinking Approach Redefines Healthcare Standards. Experience Personalized Care, Precise Diagnoses, and Streamlined Treatment Plans, Elevating Patient Satisfaction and Revolutionizing the Future of Medicine. Advanced Medical Innovations Precision Diagnoses Personalized Care Enhanced Patient Experience Our Doctors Our Expert Doctors Johnmarian's Elite Team of Doctors Expertise, Compassion, and Commitment to Exceptional Medical Care Dr. Manoj Johnson BSC (CHEM), BNYS (NATUROPATHY) MSc (Psy), MSc(Diet and Nutrition) Dr. Marian George BNYS, PGDIP(ACU) Testimonials What Our People Say Testimonials of Triumph Patient Experiences and Success Stories at Johnmarian's Exceptional Medical Care We got an opportunity to take a selfie with this wonderful man. There is a group of doctors trained from Dr. Manoj Johnson life style physician . They will help us clearing our issues.through proper blood check and scan. In my case There was no any thyroid related issues find out from my blood check and antibody test. But the Doctor suggested me to do an ultra sound scan of thyroid gland and found out a nodule. Dr. and his crew are awesome. Raas Patient format_quote We went there to consult the main doctor. But he was quite busy. So initial consultation was done by another doctor. She collected all the details of the patient. When Dr. Manoj came for consultation,he checked all the parameters including the lab report. Then he suggested us few adjustments in the food and life style. 80% of the health problems were covered by that adjustments. In the next time he suggested us to take some omega3 fatty acids, and a health drink Now that patient is doing good. George Varanam Patient format_quote Treat the disease from its root causes is the trade mark of this hospital. I recommend this hospital for all who suffering from life style diseases. Bincy Joy Patient format_quote Subscribe our youTube channel Subscribe Johnmarian is a Lifestyle clinic treating various lifestyle diseases like Varicose Problems, Obesity, Diabetes, Neuropathy, Hyperten-sion, liver dysfunctions, kidney dysfunctions, Migraine, Head-aches, Arthritis, Nerve Damages, Disc Problems, Hair Fall, Skin problems, Bed Sores, Paralysis, Swelling, Menstrual Problems, PCOD, Infertility, Hormonal Problems, Gut Problems, Stomach re-lated issues, Fibromyalgia, Joint Pains etc. Opening Hours Mon - Sat : 8:30AM - 5:00PM Sun : Closed Get In Touch Phone Number: +91 8714161636 +91 9562732575 Email: johnmarianwellness@gmail.com Address: P.P Road Kottayam , Meenachil P.O pala ,Kottayam 686577 Copyright @ 2023 Johnmarian Wellness Hospital. Designed with