Biomedical Journal of Scientific & Technical Research (BJSTR) Publishers | Biomedres.us info@biomedres.us +1 (502) 904-2126 One Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 300, Westchester, IL 60154, USA Site Map Crossmark Policy ISSN: 2574 -1241 Impact Factor : 0.548 NLM ID: 101723284 OCoLC: 999826537 LCCN: 2017202541 × International Conference on Medicine and Medical Science Timings: March 1st - 2nd, 2019 To Watch this Live Streaming click below link Watch Now Menu About Us Aim & Scope Publication Ethics Indexing and Archiving Open Access Policy Peer Review Process For Editors Editor Guidelines Associate Editor Guidelines Reviewer Guidelines Register as Manuscript Guidelines Membership For Authors Guidelines Plagiarism Policy Processing Fee Pay Online Reprints Grants Cover Letter Editorial Committee Articles In Press Current Issue Archive e-Books Contact Biomedical Journal of Scientific & Technical Research (BJSTR) an open access scholarly publisher. Explore the articles on all the scientific topics. Always open for esteemed Editorial Board Members and authors for their quality publications in our Peer Reviewed Journals. Submit Here (or) Email angelaroy@biomedres.us biomedres@biomed-res.com Member In: Welcome to Biomedical Journal Biomedical Journal of Scientific & Technical Research (BJSTR - www.biomedres.us) is a multidisciplinary, scholarly Open Access publisher focused on Genetic, Biomedical and Remedial missions in relation with Technical Knowledge as well. We crave to select ground-breaking research based on modernism, aptness, scientific connotation, prospective spectator interests, etc. We endeavor to provide by far and liberally accessible belvedere to researchers and practitioners in support of their novel and valuable ideas. We already have 2000+ Editorial Board members along with 5000+ Published articles in our box. Our BJSTR maintains a scrupulous, methodical, fair peer review process. Besides, quality control is riveted in each step of the publication process. Featured Articles 12345678910Next Short Communication Published on: March 4, 2024 Alterationss Serum Sodium Levels on Intravena Administrations of 20% Manitol and Hypertonic Sodium Lactate in Male Wistar Rats Niko Pamillian Ariesti, Juni Kurniawati and Sudadi* PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Mini Review Published on: March 4, 2024 Bioactivities and Animal Clinical Studies of Fat-Soluble Carbon-60: A Minireview Ma Zhaohui*, Rayko Lazcano-Silveira, Shi Ming and Hui Mizhou PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Mini Review Published on: March 1, 2024 Cloud Storage of Data and the Crime of Storage of “Electromagnetic Records” under Criminal Law in Japan Kouya Takara* PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Mini Review Published on: March 1, 2024 Methodological Approaches to Contrasting Sections for Electron Microscopy Maksimovich NYe, Bon EI*, Ostrovskaya OB and Kurochkina ED PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Short Communication Published on: March 1, 2024 Presence of Proviral DNA In Peripheral Blood Leukocytes of People With HIV, With Treatment Adherence, Undetectable Viral Load and CD4 Lymphocytes in Normal Values Karina Angelica Rodríguez Argáez, Karla Rossanet Dzul- Rosado, Henry Noh-Pech, César Lugo-Caballero and Fernando I Puerto* PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Review Article Published on: February 28, 2024 Population Growth and Environmental Resources: A Short Note on their Relationships and Consequences and Impacts Chee Kong Yap*, Rosimah Nulit, Wan Mohd Syazwan, Hishamudin Omar, Kennedy Aaron Aguol, Munir Mohd Nawi and Chee Seng Leow PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Mini Review Published on: February 27, 2024 Rotator Cuff Tear. Partial Repair with Long Head Biceps Augmentation Rebeca Garcia Barcenilla* and Ciro Santos Ledo PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Research Article Published on: February 27, 2024 Groundwater and Anthropic Activities: A Qualitative Study on Treatment Techniques Marcos Fernandes de Oliveira*, Bruno de Oliveira Costa Couto, Aristeu Gomes Tininis, Rebeca Martins da Silva Fernandes de Oliveira and Raquel Martins da Silva Fernandes de Oliveira PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Case Report Published on: February 26, 2024 An Almost Completely Vanished Forgotten Ureteral Stent that Led to Huge Renal and Bladder Calculi Eleven Years Later: A Case Report Rabea Moed, Nicola Mabjeesh and Jonathan Wagmaister* PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Review Article Published on: February 26, 2024 Using Artificial Intelligence to Conduct Research on the Health Benefits of Tai Chi: A Pilot Study Robert W McGee* PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Case Report Published on: February 26, 2024 Repeated Embryo Loss in Mares is the Result of Retarded, Small for Age, Embryonic Vesicles. A Normal Foetus and then a Foal Will Eventually Result When a Normal Embryo is Produced. A Case Report John R Newcombe* PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Mini Review Published on: February 26, 2024 A Mini-Review: Investigating the Interplay of Maternal Diet, Fasting in Ramadan, and Their Collective Impact on Pregnancy and Fetal Outcomes Rashid Abu Helwa*, Osama Razouk, Shahed Hamdan, Mohammed Alkhalidi, Maram Bonny and Fatma Hallol PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Short Communication Published on: February 23, 2024 Differences in Flow Rate Accuracy in Natural Instillation Using Different Infusion Temperature Management Methods: A Pilot Study Rina Sakai*, Tsubasa Yamamoto, Kaya Murakami, Tomomi Mizuhashi, Kazuhiro Yoshida and Masanobu Ujihira PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Research Article Published on: February 23, 2024 Educational Anamnesis and Emotional Well-being in Lifelong Learning for Older Adults: Strategies and Assessments for Comprehensive Care Pablo Rosser* and Seila Soler PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Research Article Published on: February 23, 2024 Stiff Person Syndrome: Taxonomic Analysis Supports Use of Large Data Methods to Appraise of Major Comorbidities of a Rare Disorder Beth B Hogans*, Bernadette C Siaton, Les I Katzel and John D Sorkin PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Research Article Published on: February 23, 2024 Extreme Few-View Tomography without Training Data Gengsheng L Zeng* PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Research Article Published on: February 22, 2024 An Optimal Combination of Inositol and Phytic Acid Effectively Promotes Hair Growth Yuho Yamauchi, Toshio Nakamura*, Takuo Tsuno and Fumi Tsuno PDF Full Text e-Pub Share Archive Volume 55 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 54 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 53 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 52 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 51 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 50 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 49 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 48 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 47 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 46 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 45 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 44 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 43 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 42 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 Volume 41 Issue: 5 Issue: 4 Issue: 3 Issue: 2 Issue: 1 View More Issues News & Events Submissions are now open for NEXT ISSUE (VOLUME 55 – ISSUE 3), MARCH – 2024 Submit Now "Endometriosis Awareness Week" - March 4th to March 10th Click here "Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Month" - March articles are mainly focused on its symptoms & treatments. Click here Current Issue Volume 55 - Issue 2 got Released... To view bahis siteleri Click here BJSTR, knows the financial complexity of Individual read more... Scholar Awards The annual scholar awards from BJSTR honor a selected number read more... Subject Area Agriculture Sciences Biological Sciences Biotechnology Bioinformatics Chemistry Computer Science Earth Science Energy and Fuels Engineering Genomics Health Care Imaging Infectious Disease Informatics Materials Science Mathematics Medicine Life Sciences Physics Social Sciences Sports Sciences Biochemistry Mathematics Pharmaceutical Sciences Testimonials Dear Angela, I have asked my research collaborators to compose a joint minireview on a topic which should be of interests to BJSTR readers. It is good to see actions regarding the publication Thanks a... Read More Minh Nguyen - Department of Neurology Thank you very much for the excellent galley proof of my research article, I convey my sincere thanks for kindly publishing my Commentary article in your Journal, which received quite a good attention... Read More Anisur Rahman Khuda Bukhsh - Department of Zoology Thanks a lot, on your prompt response. Thanks as well on the special discount for publishing the article. Regretfully for a country which does not support the scientists. I will able to promote your j... Read More Mirjana Dimovska - Department of Public Health "Thank you for the news. Honestly, the PDF looks superb. I will be more than happy if the article is published." Juan Miguel Gil Jaurena - Department of Pediatric surgery On behalf of my coauthors Id like to thank you and the Editorial, Financial Managers for considering our paper for your journal. Thank you so much for supporting us in working our way to help the scie... Read More Mahmood SU - Department of Surgery Article Formats PDF PDF (Portable Document Format) is a file format that has captured all the elements of a printed document as an electronic image that you can view, navigate read more... Full Text A full-text database is a compilation of documents or other information in the form of a database in which the complete text of each referenced document is read more... E-Pub BJSTR honorably accepting E-Pub that are written by scholars and influences the learning practice around the world. E-books form a growing part read more... Biomedical Journal of Scientific and Technical Research Aim & Scope We aim to frame tremendous standard international academic journals and strive to provide a congenial and candidly attainable podium for researchers all over the world to present their research victories and to reciprocate their ideas. Read More What do we do? The BJSTR is an open access medical and clinical research publication that gives acclaimed scientific authors and research experts a global platform to share their work among like-minded peers and help accumulate scientific knowledge in a singular repository. Read More Why publish with us? Our production process follows a high standard to ensure quality publications. All manuscripts are endured to high level terminology compilation and bursting amendments, as well as being processed through QC progressions, to ensure trustworthiness. Read More To provide a platform which shall improvise pioneering theories in the midst of the researchers across the Globe. It encases the concept of interdisciplinary science that studies the societal and technological dimensions of knowledge evolution in digital society read more... Objectives The BJSTR considers manuscripts that are merely prepared in accordance with the Guidelines framed by qualified Team. All the Manuscripts received are processed by us, with the commitment from the authors that they are not published or are not under consideration read more... Manuscript Guidelines Contact Us Biomedical Research Network+, LLC 1 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 300 one Westchester, IL 60154 USA. +1 (502) 904-2126 Fax - (720) 367-5187 support@biomedres.us angelaroy@biomedres.us Useful Links Home Aim and Scope Editorial Committee Author Guidelines Indexing and Archiving list Subject Area Contact us About Us Biomedical Journal of Scientific & Technical Research is a scholarly Open Access publisher focused on Genetic, Biomedical and Remedial missions in relation with Technical Knowledge as well. read more... Leave a Comment Submit © 2017 Biomedical Research Network, LLC, All rights reserved. No part of this content may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means as per the standard guidelines of fair use. Creative Commons License Open Access by Biomedical Research Network, LLC is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Based on a work at www.biomedres.us. Best viewed in | Above IE 9.0 version Scroll