Homepage » Youth Empowerment To Act - YETA Skip to content Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube (+256)785972946 director@yetauganda.org Imvepi Refugee Settlement Home About Us Our background Our Core Values Our Objectives Funding Sources YETA Team Contact Us Donate Now Let's build a better world together! Youth Empowerment To Act (YETA) is a Refugee Led Organization established in June 2018 as a liquid soap making group trained by OXFAM in Imvepi refugee settlement, Odupi Sub-county, Terego District-Uganda. YETA is registered with Terego District Local Government in Uganda with Certificate No. 636/56 and Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) with the TIN 1026036693. Donate Now Read More Education Improving access to education for the children with disability (CWD) school dropouts and skill development in Imvepi refugee settlement. Livelihoods Empowering youth in life-skills development, capacity strengthening, talent enhancement for resilience building and self-reliance. Protection Empowering and building sustainable self-reliant peaceful coexisting and united communities in Imvepi. ABOUT YETA Our Core Values Respect of humanity and dignity. Determination, hard work and commitment. Responsibility, Transparency and Accountability. Live role model lifestyle. Gender equality. Our Vision To have a society with constructive, peaceful and productive self-reliant youth for inclusive service delivery and sustainability. Our Mission We commit to advocate and promote positive human values for a progressive society. Hundreds of refugees supported Focus on building sustainable livelihoods Our best projects which will inspire you! Let us work together to make a difference When we work together to make a difference in the lives of the refugees, we have the opportunity to create positive change in various aspects of life, whether it's within our communities, organizations, or even on a global scale. By collaborating and leveraging our diverse skills and perspectives, we can tackle complex problems, drive innovation, and achieve meaningful outcomes. Volunteer Our Reach for 2023 By actively participating and contributing, individuals can help create a stronger and more connected community. We have built partnerships between individuals, organizations, and local authorities to develop solutions for issues such as environmental stewardship, healthcare for the disabled, and economic development within the refugees and host communities. Our meaningful reach for 2023 is 2,761 people as desegregated below 2494 Protection (Peace Initiatives) 18 Education (Digital Skills and Literacy) 79 Persons with disabilities 29 Climate resilience & adaption and Peace 93 GBV Economic recovery and Livelihoods 48 Education (Play and Learn for children with disabilities) About Story Become our funder or donor and save a refugee’s life today! YETA is committed to save, protect, and rebuild the lives of millions of refugees worldwide. By becoming our funder or donor, you can contribute to YETA’s efforts in bringing hope, comfort, and support to vulnerable refugees. Be part of a noble cause that can make a significant impact on someone's life!! Donate Now Get In Touch Locate Us on Google Map Let's Create Something Great Together! Physical Address and Location Imvepi Refugee Settlement, Lugbari Parish, Odupi Sub-county, Terego District-Uganda. Telephone: +256-(0)785-972-946 Email: director@yetauganda.org Dismiss alert Your name Your email Subject Your message (optional) Events A new year brings new opportunities to do good 01 Jan, 2023 24 Vabu New York Details Education International Women's Day Celebration 2024 08 Mar, 2024 Imvepi Refugee Settlement Details Protection Cash transfers worth every penny 01 Jan, 2023 24 Vabu New York Details Politics More than 50+ events done successfully All Events Partners We Work With Copyright ©2024 Youth Empowerment To Act – YETA . All rights reserved.