Department of Business and Private Law Home About Programme Goals Staff Gallery Contact Kwara State University Department of Business and Private Law Get Started Kwara State University Department of Business and Private Law Get Started Kwara State University Department of Business and Private Law Get Started About The Department MISSION / VISION STATEMENT Mission To be a fulcrum of a knowledge-driven society, building human competency and fostering determination through the instrumentality of modern technology. Vision To be the foremost institution in expanding the frontiers of knowledge and innovation. Brief History of the Department The Faculty of Law of Kwara State University was established in 2018. This followed years of research and consultations aimed at making it compatible with the university’s institutional mission and vision. The programmes in the faculty are LL.B. Common Law and LL.B. Common and Islamic Law, respectively. The Department of Business and Private Law is one of the three departments in the Faculty of Law. The Department of Business and Private Law was established as one of the three pioneer departments set up to run the two Lawprogrammes. Currently, the Department has one visiting Professor, a visiting Associate Professor who is a High Court Judge and the pioneering Head of Department, two Senior Lecturers, and three Lecturer 1. The Department also has one Adjunct Lecturer II and one Lecturer II Contract Staff. Programme HEAD OF DEPARTMENT'S WELCOME ADDRESS You are welcome to the Department of Business and Private Law, Faculty of Law, Kwara State University, Malete, the University for Community Development and Entrepreneurship. This site provides you with all you need to know about the history and the vision, mission and goals of the department. On behalf of all the members of staff of the department, I welcome you as l wish you an enriching experience as you tour our site. Thank you. Dr. Olariyike Damola Akintoye Acting Head of Department PROGRAMME: The Department of Business and Private Law runs the following programmes: LL.B. Common Law and looks forward to running the following in the coming Sessions as preparation are in top gear to start our Postgraduate Programme in the following; LL.M. (Specialised programme) LL.M. (General) and Ph.D. ACHIEVEMENTS: The Department of Business and Private Law has successfully carried out the following academic and community service programmes: The successful training of three sets of LL.B. Common Law graduates. A successful outcome of the National Universities Commission (NUC) Resource Verification and full Accreditation exercises of the LL.B. Common Law programme. A successful outcome of the Council of Legal Education Accreditation exercise. Our academic staff teach students from other departments courses such as Business Law, Company Law, Innkeepers Law and Engineering Law, among others. The Department organised school outreaches for three secondary schools in Moro Local Government Area, namely: Malete Junior Secondary School and Elemere Junior Secondary School as part of our community Development Programme and as a way of giving back to the community. Goals GOALS The aims and objectives of our Common Law programme (under which we have the Department of Business and Private Law) in the Faculty of Law, Kwara State University, Malete (KWASU Law) are: To ensure that Law is taught as it exists at any given time, and that every Law student adopts a comparative approach to legal studies bearing in mind that there are many systems of Law in operation. To develop in students the intellectual ability to apply research knowledge and analytical skills to solving theoretical and practical legal problems. To acquaint students with principles of the judicial process and legal systems as well as their interaction with social-economic frameworks. To provide, through training and orientation, an appreciation of the growing relevance of inter and multi-disciplinary approaches to the solution of complex life problems and the role of law therein. OUR STAFF Prof. Olariyike Damola Akintoye Ag. H.O.D/Senior Lecturer Department of Business and Private Law . Email:olariyike.akintoye@kwasu.edu.ng Prof. Oyesola Olufemi Animashaun Senior Lecturer Email:oyesola.animashaun@kwasu.edu.ng Ahmed Olatunji Isau Lecturer I Email:joe.odedina@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+234-703-007-0078 Kudirat Magaji W. Owolabi Lecturer I Email:kudirat.magaji@kwasu.edu.ng Adelowo Stephen Asonibare Lecturer I Email:adelowo.asonibare@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-703-437-3132 Ibrahim Kayode Adam Visiting Professor Email:adamkayus2003@gmail.com Kareem Adeyimika Adedokun Adjunct Associate Professor, Honorable Judge of the Oyo State High Court Email: kareem.adedokun@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-0903-367-9164 Abdulrahman Malik Adjunct Lecturer II Email:Abdulrahman.malik@kwasu.edu.ng Biliqis Abdulkadir Baraje Adjunct Lecturer II/ Chief Magistrate Kwara State Judiciary Email: biliqisbaraj@gmail.com Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple School Outreach and Book Donation Programme Students of Elemere Secondary School School Outreach and Book Donation Programme Students of Malete Secondary School School Outreach and Book Donation Programme Staff of the Department led by the HOD addressing students at Ore Asomu Secondary School School Outreach and Book Donation Programme Staff of the Department in a group photograph after the School's outreach in Ore Asomu, Moro LGA School Outreach and Book Donation Programme The HOD, Dr Olariyike Akintoye and the staff of the department presented a book to the representative of Malete Secondary School School Outreach and Book Donation Programme Picture with the Students of Ore Asomu School Outreach and Book Donation Programme The HOD Presenting a book to the representative of Ore Asomu School Outreach and Book Donation Programme Picture of the departmental staff with some members of staff of Ore Asomu Secondary School Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Business and Private Law, Faculty of Law , Kwara State University, Malete. P.M.B. 1513, Ilorin Email: olariyike.akintoye@kwasu.edu.ng . Ag. Head of Department, Department of Business and Private Law Prof. Olariyike Damola Akintoye Email: olariyike.akintoye@kwasu.edu.ng Senior Lecturer Prof. Oyesola Olufemi Animashaun/b> Email: oyesola.animashaun@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/