Prominent Paints loading prominent... Skip to content Main Menu Home About Services Works Contact Request QuoteRequest Quote WELCOME TO PROMINENT PAINTS NIGERIA We are fastest growing and business entity involved in manufacturing and distribution ofa wide range of high-performing decorative paints CONTACT US How Can We Help You ? We offer painting and staining services at optimum cost and efficient service delivery that meet customer satisfactions. Our Services PAINTS PRODUCTION,DISTRIBUTION & APPLICATION We produce variety of Paints of high & premium quality that meet industrial standards. Our Paints include Emulsion, Textured Paints, Satin, Gloss, Matt, Flextured, Graphitex, Marble & Trowel,,Epoxy e.t.c. We offer Residential, Commercial and institutional painting services with 6 months warranty after application. P.O.P MATERIALS SUPPLY & APPLICATION Our Talented Interior decorators will satisfy your needs with the latest and best in town designs. The team has expertise on various designs including wall screeding. We sell and make use of premium brands of POP cement while we manufacture our own high quality POP emulsion which brings out the beauty of quality service prominent paints is known for WALL PAPER/PANEL 3D APPLICATION ln putting good aesthetics on our clients’ facilities, We add spectacular elements to older homes or character thatinstantly transform space/living apartments/offices/conference rooms to contemporary units. our gallery Check out some of our stunning Products and Works PAINT GLOSSWALL PAPER Learn More Our Amazing Clients Some of our clients that had enjoyed our wonderful Products and Services Testimonials What People Say No amount of words can describe the Great work Prominent Paints did for me, I have wasted a lot in my search for a Good Company until I met with Prominent Paints. Thanks to Prominent Paints for there Professional services. Taiwo Ambali Prominent Paint is a Waow brand. It gave my house a top notch look. High quality paint and pocket friendly. Thanks for proving that high quality and market friendly price can go hand in hand Engr. Idowu Alamu Prominent Paint is so wonderful and long lasting on the walls. A trial will keep you smiling all the time. Great Job Ayo Ajayi Feel Free To Reach Out To Us GET STARTED Navigation Home About Blog Contact Business Our Service Our Story Gallery Testimonies Get In Touch Head Office: Beside Faith & Marvelous Filling Station, Lafenwa, Itele Road, Ogun State. Factory Address: Alh. Soetan Street, Behind Ladolt Filling Station. Ota-Itele Road. Ogun State. [email protected] 08023652042, 07062970909 Copyright © 2024 Prominent Paints Powered by exagondigitalservice