Sri Lanka off the beaten holidays | Authentic & Small hotel holidays | Sri Lanka holidays by insiders Story of Sri Lanka Story of Sri Lanka Tailor made, private holidays in Sri Lanka designed by passionate local experts Sri Lanka, an Island in the Indian Ocean, very diverse in culture, nature, wildlife, beaches, mountains, food and extremely friendly people, is a multicultural country. We at Story of Sri Lanka, is passionate about arranging tailor made holidays with authentic experiences for the travelers. It is all about tailor making, so write to us with your ideas and one of our local Sri Lanka specialist will be in touch with you to plan that perfect trip. Tailor Make your trip to Sri Lanka CALL / CHAT SRI LANKA SPECIALISTS +94 77 347 6288 Start Now Recommended Itineraries Our Sri Lanka specialists have the following readymade sample itineraries for you to get an idea of what is possible at what price. These could be customised or completely tailored to your exact taste, budget and desires. Have a look and write to us to tailor make your Sri Lanka holiday. 10Days Highlights of Sri Lanka in a flash From USD 795 pp 12Days Winter Family Adventure of Sri Lanka From USD 1021 pp 21Days Trekking and Cycling Adventures of Sri Lanka From USD 3455 pp Explore Sri Lanka Wondering why on earth, Sri Lanka is tagged ‘the ultimate travel experience in Asia’. Don’t be surprised for there are so many reasons that will astonish you! Just read on. No two words this destination is not just the finest in Asia but probably one of the finest on earth! Tropical Beaches History British Colonial Era Mountains, Tea & Walks in Ella Leopards, Elephants, Bears, Whales & Birds Birds of Sri Lanka Trekking & Hiking Rain & Cloud Forsets Food & Drinks Staying with locals Rural Experience Sailing the indian ocean Responsible Travel Rail Journeys Why book with Us 100% locally owned Local knowledge Responsible Travel Authentic Experiences No animal exploitation 100% Tailor made Address Best of Lanka (Pvt) Ltd, 2B, 1st Cross Street, Pagoda Road, Nugegoda, Sri Lanka GET IN TOUCH +94 77 3476288 +94 11 2199323 Request a Quote Private and Tailor made Holidays in Sri Lanka staying in Small Boutique Hotels with a character Tailor made family holidays in Sri Lanka and Family tours in Sri Lanka, Luxury holidays in Sri Lanka with tailor made luxury tours in Sri Lanka with small luxury boutique hotels in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka's best tented safari camp in Yala, Tailor made holidays to Sri Lanka designed by local experts in Sri Lanka, Active Adventure Holidays in Sri Lanka designed by local explorers in Sri Lanka, Guided Safaris and Tented Safari Camping in Yala Story of Sri Lanka Home Sri Lanka Regions & Attractions Explore Sri Lanka Unique Experiences Tour Itineraries Special Interests How it works ? About Us Tailor Make Whatsapp +94 77 3476288 Contact Us