Business Law |Public Law |Private Law |RMF Consultoria (31) 3771-7279 (31) 99928-0806 rmf@rmfconsultoria.com.br Rua Florianópolis 178-Canaan neighborhood 35700-317 / Sete Lagoas-MG Blog Customers Light Business Law Civil Law LawSocial Security Law Administrative Law Agribusiness Law Consumer Law Family and Successions Law 3rd Sector Tax Law Podcast Training Contact a complete consultancy, legal advice and management is a law firm duly registered in public agencies and OAB, located inSete Lagoas -MG Learn more Blog Ordinary General Assembly of the Southern Minas Gerais Transporters Cooperative - Transcooperminas Rea the RMF was present at the Ordinary General Assembly of the Southern Minas Gerais Transporters Cooperative - TRA ... Learn more by teaching Association Management CourseBy Senar Minas in the Baggage Community in Cordisburgo the Minister Association Management Course for Rural, Urban and Cooperative Associations at Senar Minas ... Learn more to participate in the inauguration of ABMCJ in Goiânia, with the ABMCJ de Minas delegation.Ronise Figueiredo (Instagram: @adv.ronisefigueiredo) at ABMCJ.Brazilian Association of M ... Learn more Dr. Ronise de Magalhães Figueiredo is laureate by the OAB-MG tribute was provided by Sérgio Rodrigues Leonardo, president of OAB-MG ... Learn more tip RMF balance FGTS enters the sharing of goods!... Learn more participation by Dr. Ronise Figueredo at the 1st Meeting of Women and Youth of the Faemg Senar System A group of 120 women and young people spent this Thursday (1/12) at the headquarters of the Faemg Senar System discussing ... Learn moreXVIII Legal Seminar of Mineiro Cooperativism, RMF was present at the XVIII Legal Seminar of Mineiro Cooperativism, 10/11 at Ocemg .... Learn more to check out the RMF participation in the 1st Meeting of the Faemg System The event took place on September 16 and 17, in BH ... Learn more check out the participation of the RMF in the Marathon of Law and Citizenship Dr. Ronise Figueiredo was one of the speakers ... Learn more RMF at Concred, Recife/PE the largest event of Latin American credit cooperativism! ... Learn more meeting of the OAB-MG Cooperative Law Commission this Tuesday, 12/04, Dr. Ronise de Magalhães Figueiredo of the RMF Consultoria and Legal Advisory, ... Learn more inauguration ceremony of the Commission ofCooperative Law, Agribusiness and 3rd OAB Sector of Sete Lagoas Dra Ronise de Magalhães Figueiredo will comply with the term in the triennium 2022/2024 ... Learn more areas of law 3rd Sector Administrative Law Civil Law Cooperative Law Family Law and Succession LawAgribusiness Consumer Law Labor Law See all training RMF Consultoria & Management conducts various training in the area of management.Strengthen your business with management in management with a specialized team.Administration Counselor Training Fiscal Counselor Training FormacoopScred Cooperative Legislation Oqs Learn more podcasts More episodes Videos on Cooperativism at OABMG in June 2022 The impacts of the General Personal Data Protection Law on Agrofuture Summit 2021 - Business arena 8/10 "The issue of gender and the role of women in the board of cooperative societies" Chat on democratic management in digital environment Webinar "the sharing of fiduciary alienation of real estate" live tax reform live "social restructuring in cooperatives: fusion"Live" liquidation virtual assemblies and their "live" challenges to the formation of female alliances in rural "live" labor law on cooperative societies and the impacts of COVID-19 "live" vertical integration contracts: corporate issues andTaxes "More videos testimonials send your testimonial contact want to know more about our work?Contact us!Name: Address: Email: Phone: Message: Submit Company Blog Customers Podcasts Videos Contact Services Cooperative Law Corporate Law Civil Law Law Lawyer Administrative Law Agribusiness Law Consumer Law Family and Succession Law 3 °Sector Tax Law where we are Location Testimonials Bank of Talent We call you Follow our networks © 2020 - RMF Consulting developed with ♥ BY we use cookies to offer you a better navigation experience, analyze site traffic, customize content and display targeted advertising.If you continue to use this site, you are allowing the use of cookies for us.Read more about how we use cookies and how you can control them in our privacy policy.OK