ICLAPH – International Conference on Law, Public Policy, and Hunman Rights Call For Paper Paper Submission Important Dates Registration Commitees Speakers Past Conference The 1st ICLAPH 2021 The 2nd ICLAPH 2022 The 3rd ICLAPH 2023 Proceeding Proceeding 1st ICLAPH Proceeding 2nd ICLAPH X The Importance of Transparency and Accountability in Public Policy-Making to Ensure Human Rights Protection. THAILAND 29 AUGUST 2024 Welcome to the 4th International Conference on Law, Public Policy, and Human Rights (ICLAPH) 2024 — a prestigious gathering that brings together legal scholars, policymakers, and human rights advocates from around the world. This year’s conference will be centered around the compelling theme, “The Importance of Transparency and Accountability in Public Policy-Making to Ensure Human Rights Protection.” In an era where the intersection of law, public policy, and human rights plays a pivotal role in shaping societies, the significance of transparency and accountability cannot be overstated. ICLAPH 2024 aims to provide a platform for in-depth discussions and insights into the critical relationship between transparent and accountable public policy-making processes and the safeguarding of human rights. 00Days 00Hours 00Minutes 00Seconds CALL FOR PAPERS The scope of research in the 4th International Conference on Law, Public Policy, and Humanities (ICELAPH) 2024 is vast and encompassing, delving into critical issues at the intersection of law, public policy, and humanities in the field bellow: LAW Civil Law, Criminal Law Intellectual Property Rights Law Tax Law Consumer Protection Law Environmental Law Medical Law Spatial Law Labor Law Agrarian Law Transportation Law Mining Law Law of Energy Legal Justice Islamic Law Politics of Law Constitution And Constitutionalism Law and Technology Educational Policy PUBLIC POLICY social justice policies, human rights advocacy, policy implementation and evaluation, legal frameworks for advancing human rights, policy responses to global challenges such as migration, discrimination, and climate change, and the role of public institutions in shaping inclusive and equitable policies HUMAN RIGHTS human rights advocacy and activism, the role of international human rights law, human rights education and awareness, human rights violations and accountability, intersectionality and human rights, gender equality, the rights of marginalized and vulnerable populations, and human rights challenges. PAPER SUBMISSION Papers to be sent must follow the seminar script template. The Final Papers to be submitted must have a minimum number of 5 pages and a maximum of 10 sheets. Below is the link to download the script template!The paper submission process will use Conference Management Systems (CMS-Nutral.id), where the manuscript document is prepared in two file formats, .doc and .pdf. Participants must create an account and login to the CMS where it is recommended to be able to register and log in using the institutional email. Follow the steps for data entry in the CMS until the two types of manuscripts can be sent. Below is a link to submit a manuscript. Download Paper Template Submitt Your Paper Here PEER REVIEW PROCESS Editor in Chief will assign the manuscript to Managing Editor for further handling. The Managing Editor will request at least three scientists to review the research article manuscript. All manuscripts are subject to double-blind peer-review, the identity of the reviewer is hidden from the author, as well as the identity of the author is hidden from the reviewer during the review process to meet academic excellence standards. IMPORTANT DATES Full Papers Submission28 April 2024 Decision Notification25 May 2024 Camera Ready05 June 2024 Final Registration10 June 2024 Conference Day29 August 2024 REGISTRATION PRESENTER IDR 3.000.000 ONSITE OR ONLINE PAY HERE AUDIENCE IDR 1.000.000 ONSITE PAY HERE AUDIENCE IDR 100.000 ONLINE PAY HERE SPEAKERS To Be Announced COMMITTEES Honorary Chair:CSA Teddy Lesmana, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)General Chair:Armansyah, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Program Chair:Rida Ista Sitepu, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Publicity Chair:Ujang Badru Jaman, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Publication Chair:M. Ridho Sinaga, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Organizing Committee Chair:Endah Pertiwi, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Technical Program Committee Co-Chairs:Nuchraha Alhuda, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Junaedi Tarigan, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Scientific Committee Members:Zainal Abidin, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Yusona Piadi, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Sumarta Setiadi, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)John Latumeten, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Ferdy Ferdian, M.H (Nusa Putra University, Indonesia)Bakhramova Mokhinur Bakhramovna, Ph.D (Tashkent state university of law, Uzbekistan)Prof. Stuart Hargreaves (The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong)Prof. Ng-Loy Wee Loon (National University of Singapore, Singapore)Chen Hangping (School of Law, Tsinghua University, Tiongkok, China) VENUE ORGANIZE BY: SUPPORTED BY: CONTACT USWebsite : https://iclaph.nusaputra.ac.id/ Email : [email protected]Phone : +62 – 813-1232-8942 (Tresna). ©2024. Nutral.id All right Reserved