AdCure : online Doctor Consultancy AdCure About Welcome to AdCure Best Doctors & Hospitals Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos Book Appointment Best Doctors & Hospitals AdCure APP The best doctors give the least medicine and interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in the causes and prevention of disease. Book Medicines Best Doctors & Hospitals Risk Assessment The best doctors give the least medicine and interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in the causes and prevention of disease. Book Appointment Previous Next Previous Next Medical Services Adcure take care of health through prevention, diagnosis, treatment, cure of disease, illness, injury, and other physical and mental impairments. Pathology Services We provide Pathology services to our patients to determine the cause and nature of diseases. It helps doctors diagnose and treat patients correctly. Consultancy Services AdCure has empanelled consultants i.e. the senior physician/doctor who has completed their entire specialist training in their chosen specialty. Dialysis Services Chronic Kidney Disease (Renal Failure) is being treated by dedicated Doctors to provide comprehensive care to people with kidney disorders. Need help now? Whenever you need just login here or login to our AdCure App. You will find your Doctors nearby you or of your choice Make an Appointment Why Choose Us A Platform of Comprehensive Healthcare AdCure is a multi-disciplinary online health facility service provider engaged particularly in health promotion of Public Health. We are fully prepared to face the challenges ahead in our field of healthcare operations. Our staffs are highly qualified, committed and experienced professional team members even beyond the health scope. Mandate To provide health technical support to different groups of people at all times. To be engaged in the promotion of good health. Our Motto Promoting preventive & Rehabilitative healthcare to the people Our Focus Health promotion/social mobilization/communication/networking Comprehensive and Integrated healthcare service to the people Book Appointments Consult a doctor online through video call or visit a doctor in person to a clinic or hospital by making an appointment online. Pharmacy Get your medicines delivered to your doorstep by uploading your prescription online and book test packages which can be done at home. Pathology Pathologists are specialist physicians that undertake research and testing of medical specimens for the diagnosis and treatment of disease. Pathologists do not work directly with patients, but they do assist medical practitioners in diagnosing their patients' illness and developing treatment plans. Services The range of online health care services a patient can receive is limitless. Depending on the individual patient's situation, care can range from specialized medical services to lab test & medicine procurement. You and your doctor will determine your care plan and services you may need. Medical A doctor may visit a patient online through video meet to diagnose and treat the illness(es). Pathology Certain laboratory tests, such as blood, urine and stool tests, can be performed in the comfort of the patient's home. Dialysis Patients may book for the dialysis in hospitals nearby his/her home. Radiology Radiological tests may be booked in our empaneled pathology. Orthopedic & rehabilitation Patients may request for our specialized orthopedic doctors. Mental health Many of our empaneled neuro specialists may be consulted online Departments If you require professional advice regarding your health, AdCure provides a range of online services. There are a number of hospitals departments, staffed by a wide variety of healthcare professionals across the medical departments. Below is a list of the main departments you'll come across when you visit AdCure. Cardiology Neurology Hepatology Pediatrics Cardiology Cardiology is medical specialty that involves diagnosis and treatment of ailments of the heart and certain parts of the blood circulatory system. A doctor who specializes in this area of medicine is known as a cardiologist. Neurology An area of medicine that involves the diagnosis and treatment of ailment associated with the nervous system (central, peripheral, somatic, and autonomic) is called as neurology. A doctor who specializes in neurology and is trained to investigate, diagnose, and treat neurological disorders is known as a neurologist. Hepatology The medicine specialty that deals with the study and management of the disorders of the liver, pancreas, gall bladder, and biliary tree is known as hepatology. A doctor who specializes in this field is known as a hepatologist. Pediatrics Paediatrics deals with the medical care of infants, children, and adolescents. A paediatrician is trained on diagnosing and treating acute as well as chronic illnesses in children. Since smaller bodies of infants and children are substantially different physiologically from that of adults, paediatricians take special care while diagnosing illnesses and prescribing medicines for them. Testimonials Read what our patients are saying about us! "During my career in construction management I have been required to evaluate the capability and performance of many companies and individuals. I have never been able to rate anyone as I found Patients' Hospital to be." Acharya "My care & stay at Patients' Hospital was Excellent. I would highly recommend your hospital to my family and friends. I had the best care and ATTENTION that I have ever had in a hospital. The doctors and nursing staff were very professional and attentive. The food was gourmet class and my wife was treated very well by the chef on Saturday night dinner. Your hospital will be my hospital of choice from now on." Akhil "I have had a lot of surgeries and I never had the best-understanding nurse until Patients' Hospital. My nurse from night shift was so awesome - I must have pushed my button for her 20 times the first night to use the bathroom and not one time did she have a frown or snarl on her face. She was the best I ever had. " Vedansh "I was 'blown away' by the exceptional and compassionate care I received during my stay at Patients'! I'm a pretty good judge of that too since I've also stayed at (other local hospitals). I wish every hospital would use yours as a model. One of the biggest pluses for me was the lack of so much stress I've felt elsewhere - I could actually relax!" Priyansh "I was very pleased with my stay at Patients' Hospital. The care that I was given by the nursing staff was as if I was one of their family members and I feel that is a lot of the reason I am doing so well with my recovery. The food was the best that I have ever had at a local hospital. I recommend Patients' Hospital to anyone I know that has to have surgery. I also will come back if I have the need to have any other surgeries. " Aarav Gallery Frequently Asked Questioins Q) What is an online medical consultation? When you speak to a doctor about your health concerns through an audio/video/ chat, it is known as an online doctor consultation or online medical consultation. This is a good alternative for times when you cannot visit a doctor physically at the clinic or hospital. An online doctor consultation works the same way as a physical consultation where you get a prescription after the consultation is complete. Some of the benefits of an online medical consultation at AdCure 24/7 are that you can consult a doctor at the convenience of your home and can order the prescribed medicines by using the ‘Order Medicines’ option. Q) How to consult a doctor online? You can book an online consultation either on the website or mobile app of AdCure 24/7 in two ways. Click on the ‘Find a Doctor’ button on the homepage of the website/app, select a specialty or type the name of the doctor directly. Once you select a doctor, you can click on the “Consult Now’ button to start the online consultation. If you're looking for a doctor based on your symptoms, you may start by going to the homepage of the website/app. Then click on the ‘Track Symptoms’ tab, search for your symptoms or select a few of them based on your health condition. Click ‘Show Doctors’, select a doctor and click on the ‘Consult Now’ button to start the online consultation after making payment or you can book an appointment. Q) During the online consultation the video or audio is not clear? This may happen due to poor internet connectivity or due to some technical glitch. In such cases, please check your internet connection and if the issue persists, please email us at support@adcure.co.in with the screenshot of the error. Q) Will I get refund in case I cancel my booking? Yes. If you cancel the online consultation, the refund for the same will reflect in your account within 5 to 7 working days. Q) For how long I will be connected to doctor online? Once you book an online consultation on our app, you will get 15 minutes to speak to the doctor. This window can, however, change according to your health condition and the number of queries you have. Q) Is it possible to share my lab test report to doctor online? Yes. You have an option to share your prescriptions and test reports with the doctor during an online consultation. Q) How I will know about booking of an appointment? When a patient requests an appointment, AdCure sends an email/SMS request of an incoming patient appointment. Q) How to find a doctor nearby me? Any user must enter their pin code of his/her locality. AdCure will search and give you a list of doctors of your locality. Contact Our Address Adcure (Walrus Lifesciences Pvt. Ltd.) H. No. : 13, Gokul Marg, North S. K. Puri, Patna - 800013, Bihar (India) Email Us info@adcure.co.in Call Us +91 99551 54934 From our Blog Expanding support for Adcure payments AdCure Expanding support for Medicines AdCure Get Related Updates Of AdCure AdCure Expanding support for Adcure Branches AdCure ......More Previous Next AdCure App Download Now on Google Playstore Company About us Contact us Blog ajaib88 https://dev.increaserev.com/.well-known/ajaib88/ slot gacor hari ini slot dana slot paling gacor slot4d slot gacor togel online https://martinaberto.co.id/-/togel-online/ bandar togel https://shionagaroom.vip/ bandar togel terpercaya