Serdon – Business Consultancy since 1996 home Services Case Studies About Us Contact Us Who we are Market Insights New Services Who We Are BC Serdon was established in 1996. For more than 15 years, our team has been delivering a wide range of business services, always aiming at superior quality. We work together with our clients and we proud on our services, acknowledging that the results of them contribute greatly to the economic growth in our country. more » Featured Projects (see all projects) Dutch Trade Mission March 2012In the end of March 2012 BC Serdon prepared a group mission for Dutch companies operating in the environmental sector, water treatment and waste management. During the Dutch Trade Mission, which took place from 27 to 29 March 2012, representatives of the companies held meetings with some of the leaders on the Bulgarian market. (more...)"Orizari+" Investment ProjectBC Serdon has been chosen to be the primary consultant for Orizari + investment project by the developer, Bulgarstroy Engineering OOD. Defined by Invest Bulgaria Agency as a priority Technical Park Project, Orizari + is an Industrial zone project. The concept was developed after research revealed the necessity to offer to potential investors, employers and entrepreneurs one multifunctional... (more...) Sights & Sounds (see more) 18.12.2019 Serdon Keith Law rates Buxton as the No. 2 overall prospect entering the season. And ESPN bold prediction for the Twins is that Miguel Sano will win the AL home run crown and Buxton wins Rookie of the Year. “This is 100% Magic’s plan. If the owners can’t force [Sterling] to sell, they need to be held accountable to change the bylaws so they can,” one member of the NBA’s Board of Governors told Yahoo Sports on Sunday. “A fine and suspension is meaningless, and that’ll be seen as a lack of acceptance that the league and owners are responsible for this ass.”. USC (6 0) then launched a memorable drive that featured everything you would expect from a classic rivalry game. Leinart threw an incomplete pass and got sacked to set up USC’s fourth down dilemma. But the Heisman Trophy winner changed the play at the line and threw for Jarrett, who missed six plays because of the scratched cornea. It tells fellas that this is a day for everybody to get involved. We’ll all play football in a while but this is what we’re doing now. Join in and don’t be slow about it. “Our fans are phenomenal,” Buffalo Coach Doug Marrone said. “When I first came out there, you don’t know what to expect. Obviously, you get concerned whether is it going to be a home field or things like that, or be ready for a silent count. The Bills play only one time in Ralph Wilson Stadium in the final six weeks of the season, on Dec. 22 against Miami (one of their “home” games takes place Dec. 1 in Toronto).One of the unanswered questions from Sunday’s loss to New England was why Bills coach Doug Marrone used a challenge to dispute a ruling that Patriots running back Stevan Ridley was down by contact after a 3 yard rush in the first quarter.Officials reviewed the play and upheld the call on the field, that Ridley was down and had not fumbled. Word there is one championship. Not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven. The famous words James uttered when he arrived in Miami. There the urethral sponge, the spongy erectile tissue that surrounds the female urethra, just as it does in the penis. This is the location of the so called G spot. There are also three layers of muscle underneath it all, and the muscles are critical in causing the spasm of orgasm. Cheap Jerseys china Another indication of overall activity is the amount of bandwidth used, or to put it another way, the total of the amount of data that has been transferred per day. This will vary according to how many visitors you have, how many files they view, and of course the type of site you have. If your site is heavy with graphics, or if there are e books and mp3s to download then the data transfer on your site will be higher than on a site with plain text. Cheap Jerseys china Also, I am not the kind who will try on multiple outfits before buying one thing. If I don see anything I like when I enter a store, I out of there. So, online shopping works best for me. The Spurs outshot Phoenix 51 percent to 42 percent. But the Suns outrebounded taller San Antonio, 49 37, 18 7 on the offensive boards. Stoudemire made 5 of 16 shots but was 11 of 13 at the free throw line. cheap nfl jerseys He polished his act in grade school, where a beloved teacher gave up 10 minutes every Friday so little George could entertain his classmates. “By the time I was in high school, I was performing professionally,” he says. “By the time I was 16, some fellows in Pennsylvania offered me $10,000 a week to play cards for them. cheap nfl jerseys The first group left Prague by air on March 14, 1939, one day before Nazi Germany invaded the Czech areas of Bohemia and Moravia. Seven subsequent transports the last of them departed Aug. 2, 1939 carried the children by train through Europe and then by ship across the English Channel.. Chelsea en vivo: hora, fecha y canal del partidazo de la Premier League. La victoria del Leicester presiona al Arsenal a vencer s o. Arsenal Vs Chelsea 2016 EN VIVO Online Premier League.22 hours ago Arsenal Vs Chelsea 2016 EN VIVO Online Premier League Jornada 23: Previo, Fecha, Horario, Dnde Ver Y Transmisin En Internet. M Yamamoto (JPN), 3. M Ebadallahirafsanjani (IRA); Women’s elite Individual Time Trial: E Tuvshinjargal (MON), 2. M Uwano (JPN), 3. Okay, some names are a bit of a mouthful. But Anderson? The Manchester United midfielder was Andesron against Everton in 2012. Manchester United have a history of this, the victims including the outrageously famous David Beckam, more commonly known as Beckham except during the 1997 Charity Shield game at Wembley. Let’s not forget weightlifting. It is one of the essential elements that will help you improve your game. The effects of weight lifting will add muscle to your body and increase strength, this straighten will add to your maximum power. The most important piece of gear in your studio is your studio monitors. If you try to use a boombox you will be very dissapointed when you burn a cd and try to show mom on another stereo system. Of course, you’ll probably be dissapointed even if you have a $10,000 set of studio monitors because your acoustics will be all wrong in you room and even still you probably haven’t mixed enough songs to be any good at actually mixing.. Before the Bills boosters took over here, they hung out at a bar called Scotland Yard in Canoga Park. Then Keith Norris, who hails from Niagara Falls and is president of the Bills Backers Club, rallied the dues paying ($10 per year) fans and moved them to Burbank. Often hear about the crowd at Bobby McGee’s and make a point of stopping by on game day, Norris says.. Also doubles up as a “quick draw” camera sling bag to a traditional camera backpack. The bag features a contoured and padded crossed chest strap instead of two shoulder straps and allows you to swing it around in front of you. The bag also has movable padded walls. Another important consequence of the symptom complex is in prevention. TCM can detect a “disease” (symptom complex) when there is no corresponding western disease or any pathological changes. The patient may feel a little “out of sorts”. wholesale jerseys The Clippers recently have carvedtheir own niche in the Los Angeles sporting landscape, selling out Staples Center 255 consecutive times with a star studded group that includes Chris Paul, Blake Griffin, DeAndre Jordan and Coach Doc Rivers. Just got more crowded with the announcement Thursday that the San Diego Chargers were relocating to Los Angeles, the Clippers said that they “welcome” the area’s second NFL team. Is a diverse, vibrantand sports loving city that has continually shown the ability to support not just multiple sports teams but numerous entertainment options,” said Gillian Zucker, the Clippers’ president of business operations.. wholesale jerseys When his teammate Alex Karras asked him what the hell he was doing, Yepremian shouted, “I keek a touchdown!” a line that would be used to denigrate a generation of kickers.The blast of an airhorn sends the players trotting from the full size field parallel to the main building to an adjacent full size field. I don’t know what the horn signifies, so I do what I’d planned to do: follow the kickers. There are three: punter Paul Ernster, who was drafted by the Broncos a year earlier but tore an ACL during the season; Tyler Fred rickson, a punter and placekicker who graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, in 2004 and was cut by the Broncos last summer; and Jeff Williams, a rookie punter from a small college in Colorado. Linn: It hasn’t been a significant consideration. The show still dominates, it’s the No. 1 show in our core demo, it’s still incredibly successful. Sitting under the music of a band whose work and message transcends their day jobs is deeply inspiring. Yeah, they want to get everybody jumping, and of course they want to sell albums and win music awards, but that’s not the point. The point is to change the world. Serdon THE first team beat St Vincent’s at home last Wednesday in a Loving Cup match. Hard luck to the Second Team who lost to a strong Good Counsel team away last Thursday in the Sheridan Cup semi final. Best of luck to First team who play Naomh Barr at home tomorrow at 7.30pm and who play Na Fianna away this Saturday at 6.30pm in two Divison 3 matches. Bed construction begins with building of the base. I designed this bed to be more of a modern style, with flush surfaces and straight lines. I wanted the main body of the bed to be sitting on a smaller base to allow the side and end edges to overhang. Several ladies that stick to fashion trend diets will make use of brighter tinted bags through the entire springtime and also summer season and deeper tones with the fall and winter year. Your Tonne bag by means of is really a elegant merchandise made with some sort of sping time white colored household leather. A large amount of programmer bags are generally handily obtainable in an array of methods and so they don include reducing a new weeks pay check to obtain them. Till next week, God bless, keep smiling and remember who is in Your Legal Corner when YLC will discuss to Get a Law Passed. Note, Your Legal Corner is meant solely as a guide and should not be construed as legal advice. Victoria M. Relax on a beach in Fort Fisher State Park Recreation Area just over two hours from Fayetteville. The park beach is part of the North Carolina National Estuarine Research Reserve and is home to endangered species including nesting loggerhead sea turtles. Get that “away from it all” feel wandering along isolated sand dunes, salt marshes and tidal flats, or soak up the sun along 6 miles of beach. Surgeries are accompanied by preoperative and postoperative procedures and it is in these procedures that several mishaps may occur. However; the good thing is that most of these mishaps do not become serious enough to cause serious injuries to the patient or to claim his or her life. However; certain serious problems do occur at times, like treatment in the wrong direction or failing to diagnose the problem properly and carrying on with the wrong treatment methods, which have introduced a major, life threatening problem in the life of the patient, can be challenged as an instance of medical malpractice in a New Jersey court of law.. Cheap Jerseys free shipping The air was crisp and cool, the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum the perfect laboratory for the clinical precision with which USC began yet another dismantling of Notre Dame. But this time the Irish, victims of 31 point drubbings in each of their last two visits to USC, put up a fight before falling 44 24. But tight end Fred Davis did take a moment to go big picture. Cheap Jerseys free shipping Eric Francis, Getty Images Last week, Sen. Ted Cruz, R Texas, filed two bills that he said will protect the right of the American people to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman. And each state and territory have the right to define marriage as the union of one man and one woman (and free states of the obligation to recognize different unions performed in other states), while the Protect Marriage from the Courts Act of 2015 would prevent federal courts from ruling on state marriage laws.. A spokesman said: “We recognise that their members do have concerns about future terms and conditions but urge them to think carefully before continuing down this route.”We wish to avoid more disruption to our lifeline services and feel we can reach a conclusion that is acceptable to all parties without more damaging action.”The TSSA, which has 100 members at CalMac, said 56% of them had voted in favour of industrial action.The staff were balloted because of concerns about the Scottish government’s new contract for the Clyde and Hebrides Ferry Services.ShareView more share optionsShare this postThe pair clashed during a couple of fiery encounters last season when Ciftci, 23, was with Dundee United.Brown, 30, admits the pair have been the subject of dressing room “banter” since Ciftci moved to Glasgow.”You have run ins with people because they’re good players,” said Brown ahead of Wednesday’s Champions League qualifier against Stjarnan.”You need to get in people’s head and hopefully they don’t play.Mr Scott said: “The Scottish government’s approach is entirely piece meal. Making major decisions on reintroducing sea eagles and other species needs to be part of an overall approach. That must include discussions with people who love and work in the areas affected.”A man who was caught dealing steroidshas been ordered to hand over 15,000 under proceeds of crime laws.Alexander Haley, 28, from Wishaw, was caught with illegal steroids in his car in the town on 21 June 2013.He was later jailed for 286 days after admitting to being concerned in the supply of methandienone, testosterone, oxandrolone and boldenone.The confiscation order on his criminal profits was granted following a hearing at Hamilton Sheriff Court.. cheapjerseys27 Dow: / NASDAQ: / S 500:EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) Miles Bridges did not play the last time Michigan State rallied to beat Minnesota. With the freshman standout back in the lineup, the Spartans simply dominated the 24th ranked Golden Gophers.Bridges scored all 16 of his points before halftime, helping Michigan State build a huge lead it used to cruise to a 65 47 victory over No. cheapjerseys27 (There yellow tint for skiing, orange/amber for trails, etc.) Different lenses enhance your performance in different sports. What makes these glasses so great is how easily you can switch the lenses out. They the first of oakley deviation their kind and are magnetically interchangeable. Our number one goal is to safely house a company mission critical data so they can free up their time to focus on their core competencies, invest their valuable capital in growing their business and have peace of mind. Partnered with Philadelphia Jackson Cross Partners to broker an $11 million sublease of the data center.PTP signed a 12 year sublease to occupy 4775 League Island Blvd. In South Philadelphia Navy Yard Business Center.Manekin VP James S. A mobile ideal web company website gets the power to develop business trustworthiness and client relationships having a fantastic chance to build market power within the specific market. Traffic led and might be created towards the web company site to guard potential leads that improve results and firm advertising. Mobile creativity provides a number of vibrant products to make a portable compatibility website rapidly such as methods and mobile software application to guarantee a vary from standard website models or houses. I had been told by a number of people that Eden Gardens wasn’t the most fan friendly of stadiums especially after reading Soumya Bhattacharya’s cricket memoir “You Must Like Cricket”. When my wife and I finally located our seats we saw that the entire row was full. We would have to split two feet for sitting space between each other. cheap nfl jerseys But the most admirable thing about Blyton what makes her survive for a child who also watches Deep Space 9 is her certainty, her unerring voice. She has an absolute confidence (pejoratively called “breathlessness” by her critics) which even my 35 year old mind finds staggering. She makes her plots do exactly what she wants and still keeps them credible. cheap nfl jerseys 4. You will need to get out more. Women love it when a man commits himself to something. Four years have passed since Jim Wright stood before a hushed House on a late spring day and announced he was resigning as Speaker. Then, the reason seemed obvious: A series of ethical lapses uncovered by House investigators had left him no choice. Sources say prosecutors lack evidence for case against her boss, Secretary Pierce. Serdon can do wonder for any occasion ccmjerseys I’m here for you, rob. Thank you. We go to gio Benitez who is in peekskill, New York, for how it’s afaxing travel. ” were “oceans” of apple butter and great loaves of snow white bread that “took the cake” over anything that came within the range of my experience., and some of them looked as big as peck measures. A slice cut from one of them and smeared thick with that delicious apple butter, was a feast fit for gods or men. “. ccmjerseys “We’ll let him start, but not every five days. The idea is to get some aggression or explosiveness back.” Kim was demoted Tuesday after going 1 1 with a 6.17 ERA in three starts with the Red Sox. Playing what is likely the final game of his career, Burks went 1 for 2 with an RBI single Saturday at Camden Yards and became the 200th player to appear in 2,000 games. What started as a It For Daron sticker on the hockey helmet of one of Daron friends became a youth driven movement encouraging teenagers to talk about mental illness without shame or fear. Is opening new lines of communication about mental illness and depression among people her age. Think it starting to change. Stepped out of the movie theatre moved by the life of the pope a symbol of work, austerity and humility, said Ana Sotelo, a 35 year old teacher who attended the premiere. Is a pope like no one has ever seen before. Movie also shows the former cardinal devotion to his beloved San Lorenzo soccer club. The one I used is known as a B60 Craftool Beveler Stamp and is available from Tandy Leather for around 8 dollars. Awl/Drill/Leather Hole Punch Some way of putting holes in leather. Ruler Creating patterns. “I grabbed the hat off Will, who was sitting at a stool. Next thing I know I’ve hit the ground. I bounced up and hit the ground again. Cheap Jerseys free shipping Perhaps you’ve recently taken up the game of golf and need to bed in some basics or perhaps you’ve taken your club championships by a storm this year and feel you need a few tweaks to kick on to the next level next season. Either way a gift voucher for some of Ireland’s top PGA teaching professionals is exactly what you need. Vouchers purchased on their website can be used for lessons for players of all levels, ensuring the best possible golf lesson experience. Cheap Jerseys free shipping “Thibodeau is a guy whose optimal basketball score would be something like 48 32, and even then, he complain about the 32. He going to ensure these guys are sharp on the defensive end, or he is going to limit their minutes. That was a point of contention between Thibodeau and the Bulls front office during his tenure in Chicago. ccmjerseys With few opportunities at his door, Pearl decided to take time off after hanging up his whistle last year. He still hosted a radio show on Sirius, but for the most part, stayed out of the public eye. But now he’s making his comeback in the way that many athletes and coaches who find themselves at a career crossroads make it: on the friendly screens of ESPN, where he’s working as a college basketball analyst this season.. ccmjerseys While miniature cattle are simpler to control by way of their reduced weight, they still share some basic needs with their larger counterparts. One of these is shelter, especially from the harsh elements of inclement weather. A standard barn with box stalls 8 by 8 or 8 by 10 in size is sufficient to house these small cows. The basis for any settlement decided by the court is the income and that should remain the focus for all such proceedings. It should also be kept in mind that the wife can demand for any unpaid maintenance, or can claim the reimbursement of any amounts paid towards her living or towards the children by her for up to 3 years back dated. Under Personal Status Law, the husband and the father is liable to pay towards all expenses of his wife and children regardless of the woman financial standing and income.. With the Quakers out of power, the next few decades were not good ones for the Indians of Pennsylvania. In 1763, the Boys mob perpetrated massacres at Conestoga Manor and Lancaster, then marched on Philadelphia intent on killing all Indians under government protection. At the conclusion of the French and Indian War and the subsequent Pontiac War, the Delaware were removed completely from the eastern regions and given land (temporarily), in the Ohio Valley.. What would chronic non vegetarians like us do without KFC’s finger lickin’ good chicken recipes and edibly tempting chicken portions? It’s harder than hard to imagine! Before proceeding on to the various types of chicken, let us get a little intimate with what chicken is and why these birds are reared. Chickens are domesticated birds that belong to the family of fowls. Fowls belong to two major categories, such classification being based upon two different biological orders land fowl and water fowl. So, taking a cue from this, you can hold your fishing bait in the direction of the water and rest assured, the fish would definitely be attracted towards the bait. If you intend to catch several fish at a time, then you need to look into clear waters for a group of stripers. If you stumble upon a group, make your way towards them slowly and silently. No matter how disappointing their performance in white clothing is, when they don the colours, India is a different side. It was apparent in the World Cup 2011 following their series defeat in South Africa. A recent example being the tour of England in July August, when the Mahendra Singh Dhoni led side bounced back in the ODIs after being humiliated by Alastair Cook Co in Tests. Emergency crews evacuated victims at the Manchester Arena Monday night.”I do not want the public to feel unduly alarmed,” she said, calling the response “proportionate and sensible” to the threat level.The blast marked the deadliest terror attack on British soil since the 2005 London bombings.ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack but offered no evidence. The terror group said on its Telegram channel Tuesday that a “soldier of the caliphate” was able to “plant explosive devices” at the arena, a US counterterrorism source told CNN.ISIS routinely claims attacks it has no proven connection to.A US counterterrorism official said bombing “looks much like” an ISIS attack but that American intelligence officials were working with British counterparts to determine more.No determination has been made on the sophistication of the explosive device or what chemicals were involved, the official said.On Tuesday evening, hundreds attended a vigil outside Manchester City Hall in honor of the victims.Will and Catherine both live and work in Manchester. They come to the vigil to show their solidarity with the victims and their families. Also doubles up as a “quick draw” camera sling bag to a traditional camera backpack. The bag features a contoured and padded crossed chest strap instead of two shoulder straps and allows you to swing it around in front of you. The bag also has movable padded walls. RNL Golfballs releases world’s first and only instructional book on golf ball retrieval, how to start and run a ball recovery company. He has dove just about every golf course there is on the eastern seaboard of the United States and has literally thousands of ball recovery dives under his belt. Golf ball retrieval is an extremely profitable business with very small start up costs which makes it a very desirable venture in todays times and economy. The earliest known rubber balls have been found in a sacrificial bog at El Manati in Veracruz. A dozen balls ranging in size from 10 to 22 cm in diameter have been recovered by archaeologists. At least five of them have been dated to the earliest know period of occupation at the site, 1700 to 1600 BCE. сайтът на български 2008 BC Serdon | ilyan.com