Home - Plexus Global Consultants Skip to content Home About Us Services Menu Toggle Accounting & Tax Business Advisory, Planning & Coaching Management Accounting Self-Managed Superannuation Succession Planning Testimonials Contact UsContact Us Contact UsContact Us Main Menu Business & private wealth advisors Welcome to Plexus Global Consultants Let’s get started! Why Plexus Global Consultants The friendly accountants that you can trust Every day, we act as our client’s trusted advisors and support them to minimise their tax, increase their profit and earning, and set them up for long-term success through a range of business management processes, and succession or retirement planning. Learn more About us Our services Management AccountingWe work with you to implement Management Account solutions that address your unique needs, and allow you to feel in control of your business. Learn more Accounting & TaxRegardless of your size, we offer a tailored service utilising global methodologies and tools to support your taxation needs. Learn more Self-Managed SuperannuationExperience the forefront of SMSF advice and strategies, in order to make informed decisions surrounding Superannuation. Learn more Business Advisory, Planning & CoachingLeverage our expert advice and coaching around your business planning and structure, to ensure optimal performance and long-term success. Learn more Succession PlanningPlanning ahead ensures greater benefit down the road. Whether you handover to children, key staff, or sell, implement the right strategies now for a better future. Learn more About us Breaking the mould when it comes to accounting Plexus Global Consultants is your family of friendly accountants, ready to help you reach your biggest goals. We want you to succeed in the small business world, which is why we offer so much more than your run-of-the-mill tax advice. We make accounting fun! Learn more From our happy clients “The most amazing and caring group of accountants in the market.” Melissa C. From our happy clients “The most amazing and caring group of accountants in the market.” Melissa C. "I had the pleasure of working with Sal and the team at Plexus across all of my businesses. Their guidance, expertise and commitment to maximising my financial efficiency were outstanding. They not only helped me navigate complex financial scenarios but also provided invaluable advice for optimising my business portfolio." Paul Natoli, Grounded "I have had the pleasure of working with Mario and the dedicated team at Plexus since the inception of my business, and we've continued our collaboration across our family group for 20 years. Their professionalism and expertise have been instrumental in the success of our endeavours. I highly recommend their services." George Boladian, Charco's the Flaming Chicken Enquiries "*" indicates required fields Name* Email* Subject ServiceManagement AccountingAccounting & TaxSelf-managed Superannuation FundsBusiness Advisory, Planning & CoachingSuccession PlanningOtherMessage* 69889 Home About Us Services Menu Toggle Accounting & Tax Business Advisory, Planning & Coaching Management Accounting Self-Managed Superannuation Succession Planning Testimonials Home About Us Services Menu Toggle Accounting & Tax Business Advisory, Planning & Coaching Management Accounting Self-Managed Superannuation Succession Planning Testimonials CONTACT US 08 9441 4600 enquire@plexusglobal.com.au Suite 3, 138 Main Street, Osborne Park WA 6017 MENUHome About Us Services Testimonials