Ironing & Laundry Services in Poole, Bournemouth, Dorset Place your order: 01202 740277 Request Collection BillDen Ironing/Laundry/Dry Cleaning/Alterations Toggle navigation Home About Services FAQ Reviews Contacts Services BillDen provide professional Ironing, Laundry, Dry cleaning, Alterations/Repairs and tailoring services to individuals and corporate customers. Our success and growth is due to our commitment to provide superb quality at very competitive prices and impeccable service. We can guarantee that your garments are treated with the greatest care from the time we receive them to the time that you retake possession of them. Ironing Details... Laundry Details... Alterations Details... News Billden members laundry bag Removing chocolate from whites and colors Business shirts service For the busy executive who travels for business we can also starch, individually fold and pack each shirt into a plastic bag ready for that next business trip. Weekly Wash and Care Tips This wash symbol indicates a standard wash programme at 30°c. If the symbol has a line underneath it, this is to advise a more gentle process, possibly a silk programme. Two lines underneath indicate a very delicate process, and this would require a wool programme to reduce the mechanical action in the wash process, and reduce the spin speed when on extraction. Watch out for more tips and advice on after care labels. Testimonials “ Today l picked up an Italian linen skirt which had a very complicated hem. I was amazed how excellently the alteration had been carried out. I wanted it shortened 4 inches. The dressmaker did a perfect job. Thank you. Mrs Osborne “ Excellent!!! first class service, low prices, very professional. We will defiantly be using again David Leaney “ Fantastic service. Very prompt and ironing always well done and returned on hangers.. Very nice people to deal with and very professional. Cannot rate highly enough Susie “ Amazing people! I work on a luxury yacht and we always need the perfect laundry service. I googled laundry service in Poole and I choosed Billden because of its well organised and nice website. I highly recommend them!! Perfect job, very nice people, excellent prices! Absolute 5* service! I am very happy! Timea “ Wonderful service, always on time and will actually change their schedule to help. Wendy Gill “ Really lovely people! I had my dresses altered here, and I am very happy with the result! I will be back here again should I need anything else altering, will be recommending to my friends as well." Sarah “ I am so very pleased with the service BillDen provided, they collected my prom dress on Friday evening and delivered it back to me on Monday evening. Very quick service, polite and well-mannered and the pricing was excellent. My dress came back in such good condition I would recommend this service to anybody five stars. Thank you so much. Georgina Spalding “ I just wanted to say how happy i am with the service. I recently lost a family member and just couldn't face the big ironing pile that was building up, so in desparation I googled ironing service and found BillDen. I am so glad i did as they are just wonderful, you receive a text message with a time slot, always on time to pick up your ironing or dry cleaning and return 2 days later looking wonderful! Just a fantastic service and they have definitely made my life easier, would recommend to anyone ! lovely people as well. I am very happy and thank you so much! Julie “ What an amazing job on my wedding dress and really personal service!!! I highly recommend BillDen dry cleaning if you want someone to take good care of the most special dress you'll ever wear. The quality and service excellent! Thank you so much!!! Debbie “ A very reliable service, always accommodating, professional and prompt .Thank You. Amiee Members TIME TO SAVE MORE MONEY! To enjoy 10% discount off our services, all year round. Join us today only for £20 a year and get exclusive benefits and savings with BillDen Areas we cover Poole, Sandbanks​, Branksome, Canford Cliffs, Penn Hill, Canford Heath, Broadstone, Oakdale, Parkstone, Merley, Bearwood, Hamworthy, Creekmoor, Newtown, ​Central, ​East Cliff, Springbourne, Southbourne, Tuckton, Kinson, Littledown, Iford, Moordown, Queen's Park, Charminster, Talbot, Branksome Woods, Wallisdown, Southbourne, Westbourne, Westcliff, ​Christchurch, Ringwood, Ferndown​. BillDen You can depend on us to keep your finest in "like new" condition. Our partner Next Print DesignProfessional printing services County Epos LimitedCash register & epos supplier Request Collection We are committed to custumer service, talk to us about any of your special requirement​s we'd love to help. Contact us now. Contacts 459 Ashley Road, Parkstone, Poole, BH14 0AX 01202 740277 info@billden.co.uk @2015 BillDen All rights reserved Created by 1WEBMASTER