Best Wedding Photographer in Lucknow | Candid Photographer in Lucknow | Amit Mahenrdru Home About Us Services Gallery Blog Contact Amit Mahendru 'Best Photographer in Lucknow' Amit mahendru is the best name in industry of photography in Lucknow. He has rendered their creativity to plenty of people in form of the photographs clicked by him. Amit Mahendru is the best photographer in Lucknow who strive to replenish your all the ad-interim moments in your wedding album. He acknowledges that a customer hired him to provide a entertaining repertoire by which they can recall their all memories of wedding during watching the wedding album. He always loves to do something creative and unique to make your wedding album grandeur. Read More Contact us! Latest Works My latest photo projects / View All Services We Offer Capture life in Pixels Wedding Photography Wedding is the grand day for every couple. Every family and their relatives collect at the wedding day to make the occasion grand and joyful. We as best wedding photographer in Lucknow, capture precious moments together. Pre Wedding Photography The pre wedding shoot, it is the most famous shoot amongst couple. Every couple desire to get a pre wedding shoot and they should be because the photos clicked in pre wedding shoot Candid Photography Amit mahendru is the best candid photographer in Lucknow who captures hundreds of weddings per year. Candid wedding photography is like add on photos in your wedding album Cinematic Wedding Photography Cinematic photography is the way to project a picture in filmy way. In films cinematographer focuses on the subject and they blur the background. In same way cinematic wedding photography Commercial Photography Amit Mahendru is the photographer in Lucknow who has done photography in every field and earned a lot name in photography. You can judge their quality standards of their pictures Corporate Shoot Corporate shoot is type of event photography but it has been divided in two parts. The first part is same the even photography and second part of the corporate photo shoot is portrait photography. Fashion Photoshoot Fashion photography is the most famous photography in field of capturing moments. You see hundreds of stylish photographs of the model on cover pages and inside the page of the magazine Traditional Photography Traditional photography is also referred as regular photography. Amit mahendru has done.. " It's amazing to see the team working so hard on your big days to make them special for life. They capture moments in their own style and swag. Thanks for the wonderful work team. " Anupriya Kasumwal " We can’t Thank you enough for capturing all those precious moments at our wedding from start to finish .. being Professional , efficient and friendly at the same time . Your Work is incredible and many a times you have left us speechless ! A massive Thank you again Amit.. to you and your team " Rajiv Sharma " There are literally no words to describe Amit Mahendru Photography. His portfolio is exquisite and professionalism is unlike any other - prompt with responses, super creative, and not to mention, he has one of the biggest hearts...anyone I have ever met. Emphasis on Artist! and He takes wedding photos to a whole other level I highly recommend his services to everyone! You won't regret it! I can't recommend him enough! Good Luck Buddy ! " Amrita Pundhir " Amit Mahendru is an awesome photographer. He did my photoshoot on both my engagement and wedding day and was very professional thoughout the process. I am really impressed with his work and absolutely loved each and every picture! Keep up the good work. Hope to get some more pictures clicked by you in future! " Deepali Sharma " The pictures were so sweet and the best part about candid pictures is that you don't have to wait and hold that pose like a model...It's the photographer's job...:p and one there you have Amit's his photography skills for your rescue... and he will make sure that all your beautiful memories are captured " Nishtha Singh Our Clients Happy Clients Portfolio Stuti & Rahul View More Abhishek & Riya View More Expression of Excellence Amit mahendru is the versatile photographer who has skilled in multiple fields of photography. He is the most renowned and creative photographer in Lucknow. Amit mahendru is doing photography for fashion shoots, events, commercial photo shoots and all the photography regarding wedding. He is popular photographer amongst their customer because of his creative photographs and unique ideas to portrait the photographs of wedding couple are very imporessive, which you can see in the portfolio that is uploaded on his official website. He provides you the quality of excellence in their wedding photography. He has great number of satisfied customers who love their photography. Read More Photographer in Lucknow In a wedding, photography is the only service that stays with you from beginning to end and a photographer is the only person who strives to replenish your all fleeting moments in form of photographs. Amit Mahendru is the only photographer in Lucknow who has made his identity by his creative ideas of wedding. He has created a repertoire that you can see on his website how he has implemented his creative perspective to make your wedding or pre wedding photos vibrant and adorning. Amit Mahendru works in a wedding like a story teller and tries to render all the joyful and emotional moments you have spent with your family, friends and relative. He replenishes all the good memories of your wedding in for of pictures and reciprocates you in form of your wedding album. " Produce cinematic wedding films that reflect each couple's individuality " Read More Our Blogs Best Photographer in Lucknow Photography is the whole world of full joy, adventure, and colors of lights.We excel in providing the best technology in imaging available with the best creative wedding photographer in Lucknow expert team whose ideas are not bound by principals but are driven imagination. Bridal Photography Learn Photography In Various Sorts Of Lighting With Amit.. April 30, 2020 Light is the most significant thing in photography. In the craft of ... Wedding Photography Tricks of capturing candid moments by photographer January 11, 2017 Candid photography is a flat out expertise in its own particular right. Fashion Photography You Must Know Some Point before Covering a Shoot October 19, 2016 If someone interested in covering the shoot of a model then there are many things... FAQ about Best Photographer in Lucknow 1. What types of photography do we do? Ans: We provide various genera in photography: Wedding Photography Pre-Wedding Photography Traditional Photography Candid Photography Fashion Shoot Event Shooting Commercial Photography Wedding Videography Corporate Photography 2. What are the qualities that we possess? Ans: Our crew was eager and trying for the greatest images for a portion of my job. Images that convey a narrative with amazing details and vibrant imagery while maintaining the spirit of your special occasion are what we specialize in with our photography and videography. Wedding Photography & Wedding Videography Fashion Photography & Commercial Photography Pre-Wedding Photography & Traditional Photography Fashion Photography & Corporate Photography Candid Photographs Cinematic Wedding It was an honour and a source of pride for us to shoot and capture these priceless memories and moments, thanks to our premium style of photography and extensive expertise. Each expression and emotion of the best day of someone's life is captured by wedding photographers in Lucknow, who convey each couple's narrative and consider it as a challenge to capture their true spirit. 3. What makes you best Candid Photographer in Lucknow ? Ans: Candid photography is flat-out expertise in its own particular right. To adapt quickly to changing situations, you must know your camera and settings inside and out. You should be able to scan a situation and predict what will happen next, as well as be ready to react quickly. Above all, you should be inventive and instinctive. 4. Why you choose us wedding photographer in Lucknow ? Ans: Here are the few reasons for why we should be hired: A picture is worth a thousand words I know how precious this whole event is going to be for you, I will try my best to provide you my best quality work. We ae cost effective You will not be excessively charged; you will only have to pay for the work you see. We are flexible We will try to work according to your needs and requirements only, and will try our level best to blend in your situations. What Next? WE MAKE YOUR WEDDING MOMENTS LAST FOREVER. Our team members know the distinct style that combines artistic portraiture with the ability to capture intimate moments.We capture minute detail photo and capture each emotion of yours and make it forever for you. Read More Let's Work Together! Amit Mahendru, a one-stop-shop for all your photography requirements. We are specialized in Wedding Candid coverage & Cinematic Weddings with an eye to detailing and quality. We offer our services after understanding the requirements and need of clients in order to satisfy them and share a good relationship with them. Keywords Photographer in lucknow Candid Photographer in Lucknow Best candid photographer in Lucknow Best Photographer in Lucknow Wedding Photographer in Lucknow Cinematic Wedding in Lucknow Destination Wedding Venues Services Candid Photography Cinematic Wedding Photography Commercial Photography Corporate Shoot Event Photoshoot Fashion Photoshoot Pre Wedding Shoot Traditional Photography Wedding Photography Contact Details 6, B Way Road, Gokhle Marg Opp. CID Office Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh - 226 001 Phone - +91 930 590 9090, +91 993 527 0707 Email - stylzstudiolucknow@gmail.com Home Contact Site Map Copyright © 2015-2019 Amit Mahendru Photography. All Rights Reserved. Book Now × Book Now Your name Your email Your mobile Your message