Marriage Celebrant Coffs Harbour NSW | Married By Sam Home About Ceremonies Wedding Ceremonies Vow Renewal Same Sex Marriage Wedding Suppliers Couples Gallery Testimonials Contact Select Page YOU TOO CAN BE... MARRIED BY SAM Looking for a marriage celebrant who will listen to all your ideas? Who can assist with writing your ceremony and give you easy suggestions? Someone who’s up to date with the latest legal requirements? Is fun, happy, enthusiastic, colourful and professional? Who will make you feel relaxed on your big day by taking the worry out of your ceremony? And who has a state of the art PA system with USB connection, CD and microphones to hear the ceremony clearly? I’m here to help. Explore ceremonies Hi, I'm Sam I’m an experienced marriage celebrant based in Coffs Harbour with over twelve years in the business. While I perform many weddings on the Coffs Coast I have also been lucky enough to travel to many places in Australia to perform ceremonies. Having worked with many types of personalities in my life, I thoroughly enjoy people and love nothing more than a celebration. I love to entertain and thrive on get togethers and giving back to the community I live in. And seek to bring a fresh and colourful spirit to the celebrant industry. More about me YOUR DAY. YOUR WAY. I’m here to make your day easy, fun, special, unique and legal. Wedding Ceremonies VOW RENEWALS All Styles. All Couples. The great thing about a celebrant-led wedding is that your in control of the type of ceremony you want to create. So whether you’re looking for something traditional, romantic, unique or theme-based, I’m here to help. I’m a versatile and committed celebrate who will adapt to your unique needs as a couple. Whatever your wedding plans. Whoever you love. I’ll help you celebrate your happily ever with a full range of ceremony choices. Get in touch Meaningful and memorable ceremonies Lucy and Mark Larissa and Jeremy Sarah and Alex Samantha and Beau Jackie and Joanne Linah and Jeff Explore Couples Gallery Happy Couples Having performed over 450 ceremonies, check out what many of the couples I’ve married have to say about having me as their marriage celebrant. David & Amy I highly recommend Sam. Best celebrant ever. Great personality. Soo easy to get along with, easy to talk to. I always was messaging Sam with information as I was the biggest stress head. She always helped me. And helped me make the biggest day of our lives very enjoyable and easy as I was extremely nervous to do public speaking. Thanks again for being for being you, an being amazing person. David & Amy I highly recommend Sam. Best celebrant ever. Great personality. Soo easy to get along with, easy to talk to. I always was messaging Sam with information as I was the biggest stress head. She always helped me. And helped me make the biggest day of our lives very enjoyable and easy as I was extremely nervous to do public speaking. Thanks again for being for being you, an being amazing person. See more testimonials Ready to make your dream wedding a reality? Head to my contact page and let’s make it happen. Get in touch Get in touch Phone: 0417 861 045 Email: sam@marriedbysam.com.au I welcome all couples and celebrate equality and diversity. Married by Sam acknowledge, honour and pay respects to Gumbaynggirr country, culture and people. We give thanks to the traditional owners of the land on which we live, love, work and play. We recognise their continuing connection to land, waters, and community, and pay our respects elders past and present. © 2023 Married By Sam | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Terms and Conditions | Website by The Digital Laneway FollowFollow