Amazon Appeal Kit Tools & Reinstate Suspended Amazon Seller Accounts – The Original Amazon Appeal Kit Tools & Solutions & Reinstatement Service Reinstate Your Amazon Account Now Home The Shop About Cart $0.00 / 0 項 0 Cart 0 Amazon Seller Account Suspended? The Appeal kit will help you lift your account ban. Amazon will suspend seller central accounts due to account performance issues, violating one of their policies or for selling banned products. However, Amazon does give you the opportunity to fix any issues and send an appeal letter with a plan of action to get your ban lifted. The AMZ Appeal Kit was created to remove the hassle and stress associated with the Amazon appeal process. The kit contains a well laid out step by step guide and professionally written Amazon appeal letters with detailed action plans to get you back selling again. What you learn How the appeal process works and how to successfully get your seller account reinstated. The Do’s and Don’ts associated with communicating with the seller performance team. How to improve your business model and avoid experiencing an account deactivation in future. What you get A PDF guide containing information about what you need to know and the actions you need to take to get reinstated. The guide also includes case studies of some of the most common and complex account suspensions and how to resolve them. 40 high-quality appeal letters each containing a unique plan of action covering all types of account suspensions. The Amazon appeal letter also comes with to-do lists containing additional action steps to carry out to help get your account reinstated. Remove suspensions related to: Inauthentic Products Selling Prohibited Items Late Shipment Rate Listing does not match detail page …..and much more! ASIN Hijacked Related Accounts Order defect rate Suspended straight after registration Pre-fulfilment cancel rate Intellectual Property Complaint Not as Advertised/Wrong Item Used item sold as new 3 Simple Steps Step 1: Identify the issueUse the guide to identify the reason for your suspension and fix any issues associated with your account. Step 2: Create appeal letterSend a letter of appeal and plan of action to Amazon seller performance team using one of our custom written appeal letters. Step 3: Get account reinstatedWait for a member of the seller performance team to reinstate your account and start selling again. The Amazon Appeal Kit comes with a money back guarantee. That is, if you are unhappy after 60 days of using the kit, we will provide you with a full refund. Just send us an email request. Once you click the order button, you are taken to a secure page to complete your purchase. After your payment is confirmed, you are immediately redirected to your personal download page to access the product. You also receive an instant confirmation email containing a download link to access the kit, even at 2am (Please check your ‘Junk’ email folder or ‘Other’ tab). Appeal Kit Letters Just in 399$  5/5 Click Here To Order Appeal Kit User Guide Just in 199$  5/5 Click Here To Order Lisa R☆☆☆☆☆San Jose, CA Read More After a previous failed attempt to write an Amazon appeal letter, my suspension was lifted thanks to the appeal kit. It was worth every penny! Steve☆☆☆☆☆Houston, TX Read More The appeal kit has been a life saver. My case was a little complicated but I was still able to get reinstated fairly quickly. I’m a happy seller again! Mark J☆☆☆☆☆Vancouver Read More After placing my order, i received an email with instructions to help me get started right away. It didn’t take long to get my account back and start earning again. Sam H☆☆☆☆☆Singapore Read More It 100% worked for me! My account got reinstated in about 5 days. Thank you appeal kit team! © 1996-2023, Dr Amazon Limeted . × Home The Shop About × What are you looking for? Search for: Search English Chinese English