Home - Olney Rugs Skip to content Olney Oriental Carpets21 High Street South,Olney,Bucks,MK46 4AA Menu Home Oriental Rugs Runners Rugs For Sale Kilim Rugs Rug Underlay Rug Repairs Rug Cleaning Kilim Cushion Foot Stool Rug Repair Rug Cleaning Virtual Tour £0.00 0 Cart Home Oriental Rugs Runners Rugs For Sale Kilim Rugs Foot Stool Kilim Cushion Wall hangings Rug Cleaning Rug Repair Rug Underlay Opening Hours Contact Us FAQ Feedback Links Press Virtual Tour Search Kilim Cushion Kilim Rugs ORIENTAL RUGSRUNNER RUGSFOOT STOOLSKILIM ACCESSORIESKILIM CUSHIONS Oriental Rugs and Carpets At Olney Rugs, we have over 6000 Oriental Rugs for sale, offering more choice and better value than you can find anywhere. Olney Rugs is an established oriental rug importer with huge stocks of oriental and Persian rugs for sale in our local store or online. Our showroom is in the historic market town Olney, Buckinghamshire where there is plenty of things to do and see during your visit.Our showroom features many large and small rugs, hall runners and persian rugs in various shapes and sizes. We also have a unique collection of Oriental Cushions, that are made using the same style and materials as many of our rugs. To ensure you are completely happy with your purchase, we offer a money back guarantee with free delivery and a try at home service. Get your very own beautiful crafted Oriental or Persian carpet today. Find out more about Persian rugs here or Ziegler rugs here. COVID UPDATE: We’re OPEN as normally. Please note that our couriers are struggling to maintain our “normal” next day delivery service (free of charge when you buy a rug) We will send tracking information as soon as your parcel is dispatchedIf you are interested in a large rug (more than 3mx2m), please contact us before your visit.Visit our rug shopOur Oriental Rug shop is set inside three adjoining 400-year-old cottages with oak beams and winding staircases, each room is filled to bursting with every conceivable kind of oriental rug. Stacks of authentic oriental rugs, Persian rugs and Persian oriental carpets for sale, as well as hanging rugs, oriental area filling rugs, rugs draped and suspended rugs on the walls. Most people describe it as a real “Aladdin’s Cave”.We have oriental rugs for sale in all shapes and sizes…. Circular rugs, large sizes and runner rugs up to 40 ft long for long narrow rooms. Our collection includes small rugs for hanging or for table decoration that are perfect for mobile homes or narrow boats. We have a new range of kilim cushions that are regularly updated due to how popular they have become. Our rug collection comes in a variety and choice with prices ranging between £65 and £20,000. We also have a great range of Ziegler rugs for sale in stock.Large RugsIf you’re looking for a Large Rug (more than 3 meters/10 feet long by more than 2 meters/7 feet wide), then these are in our showroom just up the road from the main shop, please get in touch before your visit. If you tell us what you are after – we can get them out from the pile ready for you to see, otherwise we’ll be able to show you only half of the rug – due to the weight, it requires two strong people to lift it. Once you have chosen a few options we can happily bring the selection for you to see at home. We’re excited to announce that the new signage on our shop is complete! Come along to Olney and take a look! Buying Oriental Rugs Made Easy…UK mainland delivery optionStandard delivery FREEStandard delivery FREESaturday delivery +£20.00 Weekday before 12.00am +£10.00Weekday before 10.00am. +£20.00Weekday before 9.00am. +£30.00Sorry but scheduled deliveries are not available outside of the UK yet.Also at the moment due to coronavirus timed deliveries are not guaranteed.RETURNSOur rugs are delivered in a re-useable bag so returns are easy.We accept no hassle returns within 14 days from the day of delivery of your order. If you change your mind, rug is not what you expected or any other reason – please get in touch asap.If you want to return a rug it would be up to you package the rug securely and arrange the return shipment by courier. We make a full refund immediately the rug arrives here in good condition.If you would like us to make the collection arrangements, we make a charge equal to the Courier collection cost. It’s usually no more than £20 for mainland UK. A bit more for Highlands, Island and Europe. This amount is deducted from the refund that we make on the rugs return.Wrong size ? …. send it backWrong colour? …. send it backWe can assist with advice on colours and styles and we deliver throughout the EC, ROI and the Channel IslandsVisit Olney Rugs today and brighten up your hallway or living room with one of our fantastic range of floor fillers to perfectly match your interior. Our authentic oriental rugs and carpets are of high quality and luxurious design.We also offer an excellent cleaning and repair service, if your oriental rug has become dirty or damaged, we have our own in-house rug restoration workshop, call now for more information.Can’t visit in person?We’ve got you covered. View our virtual tour page to get a good look at what our ‘Aladins Cave’ looks like. Olney Oriental Carpets is rated 4.8 stars based on 74 reviews. Olney Oriental Carpets, 21 High Street South, Olney, Bucks, MK46 4AA UK© 2023 Olney Rugs . Reproduction prohibited. Persian Rugs For Sale All rights reserved