Progurus Acadmy Skip to content Get your first class Free. Offer available for first 30 students Home About Academics Menu Toggle Grade K to 6 Grade 7 to 9 Grade 10 to 12 Contact Main Menu Welcome to Progurus Academy We strive to provide highest quality education, bridging your child success with well formed infrastructure of knowledge and resources Register Now Learning Begins With Us PRO GURUS Academy has left no stones unturned in imparting quality education to student with perfect blend of experienced , young and dynamic faculty along with motivated students making it a win-win situation for all. PRO GURUS has a talented pool of faculty comprising of mentors from the renowned universities. The emphasis is laid on mind-power and skill set development so that our students are trained to use their resources optimally and emerge victorious not only in the academics but in every challenge of life. Know more About Us Curriculum Overview The PROGURUS Academy aims at offering all our students a broad and balanced curriculum that provides rewarding and stimulating activities to prepare them for the best social and cultural life. Curriculum Social ScienceDiscovering the past, understanding the present, and shaping a better future through the lens of social science Language ArtsFor the development of fundamental literacy and communication skills, language arts and literature are crucial. Problem SolvingFostering critical thinking and problem-solving skills in young learners, empowering them to tackle challenges with creativity and confidence, ScienceThe study that encourages scientific reasoning, discoveries and inventions. MathematicsUnderstanding the game of numbers and logic to solve real-world problems. Miscellaneous Nurturing a well-rounded education by exploring diverse topics, encouraging curiosity, and sparking a love for learning What people are saying? Great place to Learn At PROGURUS Academy, every corner is a classroom, fostering a holistic and inspiring educational journey. Teaching patterns are different and Unique At PROGURUS Academy, teaching patterns are a blend of innovation and individualized approaches, making learning an exciting adventure for students Dedicated and Trained Mentors carefully selected mentors are not just educators but also role models, nurturing the potential of each student at PROGURUS Academy. Wish to know more about admissions and updates? Subscribe now! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *Subscribe Home About Academics Menu Toggle Grade K to 6 Grade 7 to 9 Grade 10 to 12 Contact Pro Gurus Academy Chestermere Alberta Contact +1(587)-9981000 info@progurusacademy.ca Home About Academics Contact Copyright © 2024 Progurus Acadmy | Powered by Progurus Acadmy.