Best International School in Vellore - Sunbeam ICSE Vellore Close Home About Welcome to SBIS Chairman’s Desk Correspondent Speaks Vice Chairman’s Voice Academics Our Philosophy Curriculum Sciencebeam Olympiad Sunbeam at a glance Campus Transport Science beam 2023 FAQ’s Blog Contact Us Admissions Home About Welcome to SBIS Chairman’s Desk Correspondent Speaks Vice Chairman’s Voice Academics Our Philosophy Curriculum Sciencebeam Olympiad Sunbeam at a glance Campus Transport Science beam 2023 FAQ’s Blog Contact Us Admissions Admissions Home About Welcome to SBIS Chairman’s Desk Correspondent Speaks Vice Chairman’s Voice Academics Our Philosophy Curriculum Sciencebeam Olympiad Sunbeam at a glance Campus Transport Science beam 2023 FAQ’s Blog Contact Us Admissions Book a Private Class Home About Welcome to SBIS Chairman’s Desk Correspondent Speaks Vice Chairman’s Voice Academics Our Philosophy Curriculum Sciencebeam Olympiad Sunbeam at a glance Campus Transport Science beam 2023 FAQ’s Blog Contact Us Admissions Admissions Educate Enrich Empower Welcome to Sunbeam International School (ICSE)! A Unique World-class campus that offers premier school education. Join our newest ICSE school and become a part of the Sunbeam family. 01 - About The Sunbeam group has been a long-standing beacon of premium education. Established in 1989, our Group has institutions in Chennai, Vellore and Walaja. Over the years, we have grown into one of the leading school groups in Tamilnadu. Vision We envision a world where our children have access to World-class education rooted in our Values and Belief systems - one that will make them strong individuals with an unwavering commitment to excel in their lives and contribute to the world. Mission To create a dynamic learning environment for students using immersive and interactive pedagogy. Yoga means addition – addition of energy, strength and beauty to body, mind and soul. "This is one of the top international school. The campus is very neat, the teachers are very dedicated, and the office staff is very responsive. There is a great deal of love and respect shown to students and they are well groomed." Jennifer "Sunbeam International School is one of the best international schools. The students can develop healthy habits only in the school. The syllabus is excellent. The teachers are well qualified and trained. the coaching is very nice. The school boasts of beautiful building and spacious playgrounds." Johnson "My kid goes to this school. We transferred him from a different school last year and now he has improved a lot. School staffs are very strict and disciplined so its very helpful with my son's behavior. But the admission is very difficult to get through as I have heard but if you are lucky enough to get through then this school will be a best bet." Michael Give Your child a Transformative school education. Apply Now Give Your child a Transformative school education. Give Your child a transformative school education. Apply Now Connect Instagram Youtube Facebook Quick Links Academics Curriculum FAQ’s Admissions Newsletter Subscribe Email * If you are human, leave this field blank. Join © 2023 - Sunbeam International School. All Rights Reserved. sbisoffice@sunbeam.school Schedule a Class The success of Yoga does not lie in the ability to perform postures but in how it positively changes the way we live our life and our relationships. Service Category — Any — Class * — Select — Location — Any — Instructor — Any — Next Select Date & Time Back Next Your Reservation {service_name} {reservation_date}, {reservation_time} Location {location_name} Clients {reservation_capacity} Instructor {employee_name} Price {reservation_price} Edit Your cart is empty. Total: €0 Next Your Information Required fields are followed by *. Name * Email * Phone * Format: 1234567890 Booking notes Your Order Back Reserve Payment Method Sorry, it seems that there are no available payment methods. Back Reserve Making a reservation... Back Add New Reservation