Repair activities, repair services Contact us +359 89 625 3239 services for us contacts your repairs are a pleasure for us. Our values for us have no small client!Every client is important to us.We appreciate the time of our wedges and do not waste it.We appreciate the comfort of our customers and do not break it.We remain available to our clients even after the work is completed.Search the customers for us services and the installation of contacts or switches over 20 pcs.To be provided ... Balkonous hat: The room should be cleaned of furniture and ... rearrangement of an old parquet flooring: the room is cleared of furniture and ... installation of a luminar lamp 4*18WME: to have a finished ideal project.Necessary ... adhesive and paint of wooden joinery: The room should be cleaned of furniture and ... a plinth - cut out of the case: The room should be cleaned of furniture and ... kitchen wall cabinet - unimportant: to have a ready -made conceptual project.Working ... Edder plastic plastic (plastic angles) conditions: have a ready -made conceptual project.Working ... Bathroom Drawing - Only Tiles: The room should be cleaned of furniture and ... Our company repairs and construction of the "different" houses and apartments.Homes that their owners want to turn them into a home -dreaming home.We appreciate the means and time of our clients, so we are looking for the best design and technological solutions.We research the market and offer our customers the best price/quality solutions.We believe that one must live so so that he does not live in vain: to leave a mark in society, but nature is untouched.The company applies and develops green technologies.Take care of reducing the damage from the repaired or built homes and for reducing energy consumption.Contacts Contact Information for connecting Toblic: +359 89 625 3239 More upward Home |ServicesFor us |Contacts Rules and Conditions Card for the Site Rights are reserved for Revolution Technology Ltd. - © 2014 The site was developed by Revolution Technologies.