Shakthi Engineering Works Monday - Saturday : 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM 09986007771 09880513303 shakthi@sewbangalore.com Toggle navigation Shakthi Engineering Works About Us Production Quality Gallery Contact Us Your browser does not support the video tag. We manufacture and supply a large variety of hydraulic products. Contact Us About Shakthi Engineering Works We at Shakthi Engineering Works manufactures and supply a large variety of hydraulic products, specialists in hydraulic manifold works, machinery job works and accessories. Most upgraded hydraulic engineering techniques are applied to produce these products. The products are tested stringently along international quality standards. Our constant focus on innovation and feedback appreciation has given us an enviable position in the industry. We produce highly customized hydraulic products suited to industry requirements. We offer products at highly competitive rates and adopt the best practices to render flawless quality of products that we offer. The prices quoted by us are the most economical in the industry and competitive. We also ensure timely delivery of consignments. Our quality control staffs ensure that all the products are compliance with international standards. We have one of the finest and laced with the best equipments, state of art manufacturing facilities Hydraulic Products We have got 25 well trained & experienced employees in two unit with us to manufacture quality products. Manifolds The design of our manifolds will always achieve the best match with the specifications of our customers... Read More Machineries Machinery in various industries by automating processes, increasing efficiency, and enhancing productivity... Read More Accessories components that complement or enhance the functionality of machinery, equipment, or tools... Read More Click here to view All Productions Quality Quality control is maintained by strict process control. It is also ably supported by varoius metrological instruments. The Instruments are calibrated periodically and replaced as and when required.  Our Quality Management system is certified to conformance to ISO 9001:2000. Our Productions All Manifolds Manifold blocks Materials Machinaries Partners Request a Quote Full Name Email Phone Number Products -- Select One -- Select One Select Two Select Three Thank you Error occurred while sending email. Please try again later. Shakthi Engineering Works We at Shakthi Engineering Works manufactures and supply a large variety of hydraulic products,specialists in hydraulic manifold works, machinery job works and accessories. Quick Links Home About Us Production Quality Contact us More Links Machinaries Our Team Gallery Get a Quote Contact Details #113/2,1st Main 9th cross Doddanna Industrial Estate Peenya 2nd Stage Bangalore-560091 09986007771 09880513303 shakthi@sewbangalore.com 2023 © All Rights Reserved SEW. Powered by Vishishta Technologies