Make Bar Quality Cocktails at Home | The Cocktail Shop $10 SHIPPING AUSTRALIA-WIDE! Facebook Instagram 0 Items Home Shop Cocktail Kits Barware Bottled Cocktails Garnishes Books Gift Card Tutorials Media Blog My Account Corporates Contact Select Page Make Bar Quality Cocktails at Home LET'S SHOP BARWARE Mix, shake, stir and strain like a professional with our stylish bar tools COCKTAILS Enjoy delicious cocktails at home with our range of cocktail boxes CORPORATE GIFTS Cocktail deliveries for business gifts, events and campaigns COCKTAIL KITS Everything you need for a cocktail recipe in one convenient pack. Our cocktail kits include alcohol, mixers and garnishes, along with a recipe card and online demo to make it easy to mix great cocktails at home. Value Enjoy bar quality cocktails at home without stockpiling expensive liquor Variety Try a variety of cocktails and have fun learning the bartending techniques Quality Sample a variety of premium, top quality, craft Australian spirits Southerly Breeze Cocktail Kit $69.99 Whisky Highball Cocktail Kit $69.99 Grapefruit Spritz Cocktail Kit $69.99 SHOP KITS JOIN THE PARTY Cocktail culture is in full swing and cocktails have found their way out of bars and into our homes. With just a bit of practice, it’s Au revoir to the obligatory glass of wine or beer at the end of the day and Hello to something a hell of a lot more exciting. COCKTAILS DELIVERED Get cocktails and bar accessories delivered to your door and enjoy quality cocktails at home. Learn to mix your own with our stylish barware and all Australian cocktail kits or enjoy pre made cocktails you simply pour and enjoy. Shipping Australia-wide is just $10 on all orders through The Cocktail Shop. SHOP NOW READY TO SERVE COCKTAILS Bartenders with their slick skills can make complicated cocktails look pretty darn easy. Well, thanks to some of Melbourne’s best bartenders, The Cocktail Shop is bringing the bartender home. Our range of pre made cocktails reads like a speakeasy menu because it is. From signatures to classics, there’s something to everyone’s taste in this ready to serve range, and with three serves in a cute custom box, these fancy bottled cocktails are perfect for gifts, iso drinks or gatherings with friends. . MARTINI NEGRONI OLD FASHIONED DISCOVER MORE DRINKS BARTENDER’S GUIDE Essential tips for anyone making cocktails at home. Learn the tricks of the trade, from bar tools and mixing techniques, to glassware, garnishing, storing alcohol and bartender lingo. Our e-book’s on the house. GET THE TIPS About TERMS OF USE Sustainability Privacy Payments Shipping Returns Cocktail Kits Corporate Gifts Reviews WARNING* Under the Liquor Control Reform Act 1998 it is an offence; To supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (Penalty exceeds $17,000) For a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor (Penalty exceeds $700) © Melbourne Cocktails Pty Ltd | ABN 20626856906 | Liquor Licence Number 36149438