Best dog breeders in bangalore - Bangalore Puppy farm home about breeds puppy Adoption gallery blog contact Bow-Wow They say you can’t buy happiness; we say you can definitely adopt one cause’ it’s just a four-legged world. Dogs are gregarious pack animals who thrive on attention and affection, making them an excellent choice for a best friend. People and dogs have created a symbiotic connection because dogs have been tamed to the point that they rely on us to exist, and we have discovered that we rely on them nearly as much. explore breeds contact us Thinking of getting a puppy? It’s not a home if everything isn’t covered with dog hair. Getting a new dog is a fun, demanding, and rewarding experience. You may help your puppy settle in faster if you're well prepared, and it will be more pleasurable for you as well. Know More Popular breeds Golden Retriever Golden Retrievers are wonderful household companions, but they may also be used in a variety of athletic and working situations. Know more Siberian Husky Siberian Huskies have a soft disposition and are alert, friendly dogs. Know more Shih Tzu These bright, energetic, and cheerful small dogs enjoy being around people. Know more German Shephard The German Shepherd is a loyal, clever, and adaptable dog. Know more Explore all Gallery View all Why Choose Us? Nāvu uttama mattu ārōgyakara guṇamaṭṭada nāyimarigaḷannu mātra odagisuttēve (We provide only the best and healthy quality puppies.) We provide the best hospitality to our pups and nurture them with all our love and care. Premium Breeds Pure Blood Line Healthy Paws 24*7 After Sales Supports Read More Testimonials Akhil Kumar We had an great experience interacting with Nelson and his team. We bought 2 golden retrievers from him and they are doing well 😃 Would recommend Bangalore Puppy Farm to anyone who is looking to buy a golden retriever pup. Prerana Krishnamurthy When we decided that we wanted to bring home a furry friend, Bangalore puppy farm was it for us. They came highly recommended and they lived up to their reputation. They sent home everything we needed for the first couple of weeks including supplements to take care of our lil one. We had an elaborate orientation program on how to provide the best care for our puppy, after which every late night query or call was answered as we were very anxious first time pet parents. Thank you Gautham, for all the support. I'd recommend Bangalore Puppy Farm to anyone looking to bring home their furry bundle of joy. ❤️ Ajay Kumar When we visited they had the cutest puppies ever and we were really confused which one to choose later on we discussed with the Bangalore puppy farm team and they really helped us to chose one and we are very happy about the quality of the puppy Raja reddy Thanks for the beautiful retriever puppy sam and Bangalore puppy farm.....will get back for another when we feel we are ready for it Srinivasa Gowda Amazing place to buy a puppy!! My wife and I just bought our first puppy here today. The service was incredible and the store is incredibly clean and beautiful to walk into. The dogs are well taken care of and seem really happy. I would definitely recommend anyone to get their new puppies here! Thanks guys! Recent blogs Bangalore Puppy Farm21-12-2021 5 Games for Puppies to Play With Puppy activities are a fun way to wear out your newly adopted pet while also teaching them the skills they'll need to grow up to be socialised, obedient, and kind adult canines. Bangalore Puppy Farm05-12-2021 A Man's Best Friend They say that a dog is a man's best friend, and they are completely correct. Dogs recognize our gestures, perceive our emotions, and reply with the most reassuring sentiments. Bangalore Puppy Farm22-11-2021 How to help stray dogs in India There's a reason why dogs are considered man's best friend. For generations, humans and dogs have had a particular affinity. See all Subscribe to join the puppy community Newsletter Subscribe We are Bangalore Puppy Farm, the farmers who breed best friends. Quick Links Home About Us Breeds Blog Contact Popular Breeds Labrador Pitbull German Shephard Siberian Husky bangalorepuppyfarm@gmail.com +91 988 672 5420 335, Outer Circle, Dodsworth Layout, Whitefield, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560066 Copyright © All rights reserved | Developed with by 11xINFISOL +91 9886725420