Art & Fashion – Olga La Rosa Portfolio Menu Home About Gallery Services Shop My Account Cart Checkout Wishlist + Contact OLGA LA ROSA WHAT I DO HIRE ME My art is connected with my DNA, with sinusoidal of my feelings, with extreme feelings, pushed to the limits. I am painter with international exposure. I am creating abstract visions of the constructed world that analyze the relations between space and mass, color and surface, space and force. My paintings are open, symmetric compositions with a touch of melancholy and sentimentality. MY PASSION PAINTING BACK TO OVERVIEW I have traveled all over the world for work in fashion and meet famous artists. It gave me a lot of unforgettable emotions, experiences, impressions. I was engaged in creative drawing for a long time, but these trips and meetings gave me an impetus for a new vision and expression of feelings on the canvas - abstraction. ABSTRACT PAINTING BACK TO OVERVIEW This is how I see my paintings . I do not paint from nature, I create an image from collective memory, bank of memories. From there they go on to abstraction. I show a vision of a constructed world, with my own words.To me, the relation between colors, lines, their weight and occurring tensions and finally the forces ruling the composition are important. Portfolio Узнайте, как мои творческие решения приносят результаты клиентам! Painting The paintings are about the possibilities of new combinations that expand the idea of how things can change in infinite possibilities. I hope that you the viewer, will look at them and see something different every time you look at them. View Gallery ART INSTALLATIONS ART OBJECTS On first sight, its all about fun, its about love, its about joy and its about color, but when you look at in depth, it goes much deeper. A lot of thought and reasoning with oneself goes on, before the picture of project starts to develop. Your mood, emotions and inner state of mind and soul are reflected in the work of art. View Gallery Windows Looking at fashion trends today, you can take off. Create images of mannequins on boutique windows in accordance with fashion trends, I dress mannequins, create suitable window decorations and give them life. It is enough to stand in front of the window for one minute. You can fall in love with some outfit. But it is very important to follow all the rules of the brand and convey them in the appearance of the mannequin. But if you are looking for creations and designs for the perfect fashion showcases, ask me how to do it. I’m here for you. View Gallery About Me You won’t confuse Olga la Rosa’s site with anyone else’s… A Little Intro Рositive and successful result-oriented leadership. Reputation of disciplined and responsible manager. Innovative and creative, attentive to details in the overall picture vision and business development strategy. Dedication to Company. good taste, knowledge of trends in the fashion. Possesses the appropriate skills and experience to deliver on an ongoing base high quality and unique art installations which helped to position the department stores on a very attractive and outstanding level. About myself High dedication, her ongoing commitment and her reliability to deliver the projects on time and budget was far beyond the expected. In addition her brought network within the art community and her strong know how to select well qualified production companies leaded always to excellent installation results. Newsletter Sign up to receive my new works and art tips. ABOUT Professional in field of fashion, design, creation, production and business development. Experienced in retail projects for fashion industry. Creative, visual merchandising, window dressers team building, master classes. Skilled designer to offer the very best visual experience, develop best in class solutions, create guidelines as well as train relevant students. RECENT WORKSTag CloudAcrylic Canvas Coal Gold Silver RECENT NEWSArt Talents Kunstmarkt – 2020 in Zürich Oct 16 0Tetrascope Oct 16 0Pyramid Oct 16 0 © 2020 ART CURIOSITY. All rights reserved. Developed by AVASTA