Rabbi Nahum Ward-Lev - Author, Teacher, Spiritual Seeker - Official | Rabbi Nahum Ward-Lev – Author, Teacher, Spiritual Seeker MenuHomeAbout NahumBookLearn With MeReviewsInterviewsWritingsContact Home The Liberating Path of the Hebrew Prophets: Then and Now This wonderfully well-written book inspires us to bring our passion, creativity, and imagination to the sacred work of building a society that supports the flourishing of all. -Parker J. Palmer, Founder and Senior Partner Emeritus of the Center for Courage and Renewal What are the great liberation themes in the Bible and contemporary writers that can guide social justice movements today? How does the prophetic tradition ancient and modern help us to respond to contemporary challenges with courage, wisdom, and vision? What is the role of love in healing the world today? How can our lives be a liberation journey? What makes dialogue and reciprocal relationship the way forward? In a time of social turbulence, Nahum Ward-Lev offers the light of Biblical wisdom to illumine a way forward. With fresh language and insights, he explores the liberating path of the Hebrew prophets. He then examines the development of Biblical liberation themes in contemporary writers. His work invites readers of all faiths to view current challenges through a prophetic lens and to take prophetic action. Endorsements I finished this book with waves of wonder and gratitude. Walter Brueggemann, Old Testament scholar and theologian We live in an era that is desperate for the voices of the Hebrew prophets. Nahum Ward-Lev’s efforts to awaken us to the prophetic teachings is a great gift at a crucial moment in human history. Susannah Heschel, the Eli Black Professor of Jewish Studies at Dartmouth College The Liberating Path of the Hebrew Prophets is a wise, eloquent, powerful, important, accessible book that touches heart, mind, and spirit . . . One of the most authentic, discerning, challenging, insight saturated, humbling and loving religious books I have ever read. Irwin Kula, President of Clal–The National Jewish Center for Learning and Leadership Order the Book Sign Up for our Mailing List First Name Last Name Email Address Zip Code Submit © 2023 | Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy | Website by Access Technology Photo Credits: The photos of Nahum on the About Nahum Page, the Learn with Me Page and the Contact Page are from Patti Bose. The photo of Nahum on the Writings page is from John Hayden.