FABI STETIC - Body Aesthetics, Capillary Treatment, Facial Aesthetics Skip to Content on Facial Body Aesthetics Postoperative Drainage in Pregnant Massage Ayuvedic Massage Life Massage Soft Thai Yoga Hot Hands Hands Hands Bath Henna Contact Henna Contact HomePostoperative Facial Body Aesthetics Drainage in Pregnant Massage Ayuvedic Massage Life Massage Soft Thai Yoga Hot Hands and Feet Other Services Henna Eyebrow Bath Henna Contact PREVIOUS Body Aesthetics indicated to eliminate withdrawn liquids and metabolic waste, such as lactic acid, produced by muscles during physical activities.Widely used by pregnant woman helping to relieve leg pain… Learn more facial aesthetics skin cleaning - suitable for removing comedons and acne.The skin is prepared before extraction, with suitable soap for the skin type, exfoliated before the mask with emollients and ozone vapor.After extraction… Learn more postoperative after plastic surgery the patient needs to follow the doctor's guidelines and one of them is postoperative lymphatic drainage that usually begins after a week of the procedure depending on the orientation.Learn more drainage in pregnant woman decreased swelling in the legs and feet;Improvement of blood circulation;Decreased risk of developing varicose veins;Improvement of cell and tissue nutrition;Promotes good relaxation… Learn more massages Thai Yoga Massage is indicated to increase flexibility, stimulates blood circulation, improves posture, relieves pain and tense, relaxes and promotes well being… Learn more other moon bath: contributes to the skin to havea more uniform tan.It is a method of skin care and highlight of its aesthetics, which is based on peeling… Learn more testimonials Adriano Spinelli - computer technician "I felt a lot of pain, could not sleep well ... Lots of leg pain, anotherDay in the spine, a lot of headache, slept and wake up tired, I know that all these pains is stress. I had a lot of medicine, muscle relaxant was sugar water. Until one day decided to know Thai Yoga Massage, and in few massages II've seen results, I no longer have so much headache, I sleep well at night, I don't have back and leg pain ... In the end, I no longer take medicine for pain as before. "JOSELENE FERREIRA - Businesswoman."After I had my surgery and liposuction I started my post -post treatment elsewhere, on the return with the doctor he always complained and said I was not doing the post. Until one day I found Fabí by chance, andI started treatment with her, soon after I had a return with my doctor, to my surprise the doctor praised and said: - Ahaa, now you are doing the postoperative. I abandoned my package, which was already paid in the other clinic andI stayed with Fabi, which I am to this day, now doing modeling massage with the other beautician who is also great Taty RDRIGUES. "Dayane França - Journalist "I have known Fabi Estatic for about 11 years and I trust everything I do there, whether facial or body aesthetics there are exemplary.That she passes during each session. Taty is wonderful too ... someone else to do my foot and hand only in the last case saw. "PREVIOUS NEXT Contact all rights reserved © Fabiquestretic.com.br Developed by MW Way Close Menu Open Chat 1 Powered by Joinchat Hello, how can we help you?