Home Page Home (current) Overview Services Activites Reservation Gallery Contact WHY CHOOSING SARAYA? After 30 years of desert experience, Saraya Rum Private Luxury Camp rises in the middle of the spectacular Wadi Rum desert. Tucked in a special location surrounded by the sandstone mountains and the different colors of soft sand terrain, Saraya Rum Private Luxury Camp is unique. Offering guests 5-star accommodation and service.Our main aim is to have our guests live a unique and unforgettable experience while staying with us. Saraya Rum Private Luxury Camp is your gateway to enjoy and participate in memorable desert activities such as camel riding, horseback riding, 4×4 vehicle trips, trekking, hiking, and hot air ballooning all inside the desert of Wadi Rum. As it is located inside the desert, away from any tourist activities and located off the beaten track, it is the best location to be as the experience and listen to the silence of the desert and relax while enjoying the magnificent views surrounding it any time of the day. And at night, one can enjoy the millions of stars above as the camp is away from any kind of light pollution.At sunset or sunrise, one can enjoy how the reflection of the sun changes the color of the majestic sandstone mountains surrounding the area.Wadi Rum was described by E. T Lawrence Of Arabia as a majestic and breathtaking location. At Saraya Rum Private Luxury Camp, we are very happy to offer you Jordanian Bedouin traditional hospitality. Our team has extensive experience exploring this rich and enchanting desert. We know all the unique off-the-beaten-track spots and ultimately how to create a life-changing experience for our guests to go back home and share with their loved ones and friends. OVERVIEW FACILLITIES Read More SERVICES Read More ROOMS Read More WE SERVE OUR CLIENTS THE BEST : The best Bedouin and oriental food, rooms with two sides of panorama, the comfortable bedding rooms, the special cloth designed with best location. We have been able since 1990 to gain experience in organizing various desert programs and how to understand our customers’ needs, Providing programs that fits perfectly with what the are looking for in the desert, Professional staff to serve the guests in high level of service, In addition to our relationship with more than 75 travel agents in Jordan. Certainly, we offer the best rates for our visitors. Very newly rises Saraya in a very unique location with very unique luxury panoramic rooms, with modern designed inside and Bedouin style outside view. -Unique and modern hotelier kitchen. -Unique food serving utensils. -Unique Bedouin royal restaurant. ACTIVITES Jeep Riding Read More Jeep Riding × Previous Next Take a thrilling ride through the rugged terrain of Wadi Rum on a Jeep tour. Whether you opt for a 2-hour excursion or a full-day adventure, you'll be treated to stunning views of the desert landscape. For the ultimate experience, we recommend taking the tour at sunset to witness the majestic changings of Wadi Rum Mountains. Get ready for an unforgettable journey through the desert! This Activity can be arranged by Saraya. Close Camel Ride Read More Camel Ride × Previous Next Ride through the stunning desert landscape of Wadi Rum on the back of a majestic camel. Explore the vast sand dunes and ancient ruins on a 1 or 2 hour tour. A unique and authentic adventure awaits. This Activity can be arranged by Saraya. Close StarGazing Read More StarGazing × Previous Next Unlock the secrets of the cosmos with a stargazing adventure in Wadi Rum. Join an expert guide as they illuminate the night sky, sharing their knowledge and passion for the stars above. Immerse yourself in the beauty and wonder of the clear desert sky and embark on a journey of discovery and excitement. This Activity can be arranged by Saraya. Close Hot Baloon Read More Hot Baloon × Previous Next Rise to new heights and witness the beauty of Wadi Rum from a unique perspective with our early morning hot air balloon tour. Soar for one hour and take in the stunning views as the sun rises over the desert landscape. A once in a lifetime adventure awaits! This Activity can be arranged by Saraya. According to weather circumstances. Close Horse Riding Read More Horse Riding × Previous Next Embark on an equestrian adventure in the breathtaking desert landscape of Wadi Rum. Our 3-hour tour is tailored for experienced horse riders, who are looking for a unique and exciting way to explore the rugged beauty of this natural wonder. Our professional guides will lead you through the desert on horseback, taking you on a journey through a landscape that is both rugged and awe-inspiring. From towering sandstone cliffs to rolling dunes, you'll be surrounded by natural beauty at every turn. This is a chance to see Wadi Rum like never before and make memories that will last a lifetime. This Activity can be arranged by Saraya. Close Adrenalin Booster Read More Adrenalin Booster × Previous Next Featuring high-octane activities for thrill-seekers. It includes sand boarding, a unique form of surfing on sand dunes, challenging hikes with stunning scenery, rock climbing for all skill levels, and exhilarating off-road buggy adventures in the spectacular Wadi Rum desert. These activities will test your courage and push you to your limits, providing a rush of adrenaline like no other.These Activities can be arranged by Saraya. Close Book your accommodation now! First Name : Last Name : Email : Phone Number : Country : Notes : SUBMIT Jordan, Aqaba - Wadi Rum +962796755600 +962796840044 +33676096400 Reservation@sarayarum-jo.com Info@sarayarum-jo.com Gm@sarayarum-jo.com Patricia.dufresne57@gmail.com join us All copyrights by Jordan Code 2023