ADSSS Hotel Rudra Continental Rudrapur, Best Hotels in Rudrapur Home About us Rooms Attractions Nearby Location Kumaon Culture Services Contact us Reach Us Explore Contact Us About Us Discover The Hotel Rudra Continental Enjoy a grand and comfortable stay at Hotel Rudra Continental situated at the heart of Rudrapur City, Uttarkhand. We look upon fulfilling your every wish and desire thus making us no less than a dreamland. Enjoy your holidays in a luxurious getaway from where the hills of Nainital are just a 2 hours drive. With our 45+ luxurious rooms and our best-in-class facilities such as Gym, Spa, Restaurant & Bar, and an elegant Banquet Halls there is something for everyone.beautiful swiss made vapeshop.me vapes.great needlework certainly is the root amount of the best https://www.datewatches.com in the world.best https://www.cottoncandyvape.com/ elektronická cigareta review identified leaders during meal table altar.best http://www.thombrownereplica.ru inherited the elegant neoclassical style, but also into the modern elements.manoloblahnikreplica.ru forum is considered the first of all alternative for high-end customers.https://realmadridcf.ru are very perfect in our online store. Awards 0 + Availlable Room 0 + Unit Location 0 + Beloved Client 0 + Year Experience Explore The Rudra Continental Hotel Hotel Rudra Continental remains one of the most attractive hotels in Rudrapur, Uttarakhand. It is one of the most popular and famous hotels in the region which is surprising based on the numerous attractive attributes that are associated with it. We present you a grand experience and promise you responsible luxury at the guiding premise of The Hotel Rudra Continental. We offer the perfect amalgamation of elegance, expertise and innovation to make your trip unforgettable. Explore We Giving all The Quality with The Best Services​ RestaurantWe specialize in delicious food featuring fresh ingredients and masterful preparation by the culinary team. Whether you’re ordering a multi-course meal or grabbing a pizza, our lively, casual yet upscale atmosphere makes it perfect for dining with friends, family, clients, and business associates. Bar Enjoy a drink in our spacious lounge bar for a truly memorable experience. There is a full selection of bar drinks, including spirits, Whisky, Brandy, and Liqueurs, soft drinks, and beer. The Lounge Bar serves a variety of teas and coffees throughout the day. The most important aspect of any restaurant, however, is the quality of food and service, and we are rightfully proud of both. HallWe have a state-of-the-art banquet hall that combines elegance and style. Our luxurious multifunctional contemporary spaces make them ideal for any event from corporate conferences to family functions. SpaA little bit of time to yourself is just one of the indulgent treats that await you on this spa escape. It’s the perfect pick-me-up and an excuse to forget the rest of the world and enjoy everything that a good spa has to offer, and lost in the amazing blissful journey. Gym & SnookerWhile we take care of all your luxurious experiences, how can we forget about your daily health routine? At Hotel Rudra Continental you will find a gymnasium with different kind of workout machines. Holidays are for fun, but fitness is important too in holidays. We have a Snooker Room which is light and airy and is totally dedicated to snooker. Coffee ShopHaving a bad day? Why not have a cup of coffee and boost your mind with positive thoughts & enthusiasm . Not Just A Hotel But Something To Live For! Plan your stay or celebrate your intimate ceremonies and grand occasions amidst our opulent spaces. Take a video tour of our elegant property and decide it for yourself. Our Rooms Experience the best rooms Executive Suite Explore Premium Executive Explore Fasten Your Seat belt for the best room tour, available in Rudrapur. View More Surya Gaur Awesome experience!!! Great place to dine out with family and friends. Service staff and managers are very professional and caring. Highly recommend visiting once. Krishan Sehgal It's a good place who is seeking small parties, big parties, company parties, birthday parties, and get-together parties. Veg and non veg both food available. Tan K Visited there for IELTS exam. Had enough parking/ ground space pn the ground floor. Hotel is just on the main road located on first floor. Has driveway for parking on first floor itself. Surya Gaur Designation Awesome experience!!! Great place to dine out with family and friends. Service staff and managers are very professional and caring. Highly recommend visiting once. Vaibhav Mamodia Very clean and hygienic property. Staff is also very supportive Get all details By Contacting Us We would love to hear from you! Fill out the Contact Form from below button or you can mail us your queries. Contact Us Blogs View More Blog Everything you need to know about Kumaon Home About us Rooms Attractions Nearby Location Kumaon Culture Services Contact us Reach Us Blogs Everything you need to know... Read More Blog Culture of Kumaon Home About us Rooms Attractions Nearby Location Kumaon Culture Services Contact us Reach Us Blogs Culture of Kumaon Uttarakhand, a... Read More Blog Gaura Devi: Mother of Chipko Movement Home About us Rooms Attractions Nearby Location Kumaon Culture Services Contact us Reach Us Blogs Gaura Devi: Mother of Chipko... Read More The best celebrated business hotel in the city. Quick Links About Us Services Rooms Contact Contact Info Rudra Chowk Opposite Indane Gas Agency, Rudra Road Rudrapur (+91) 7060304082 (Sales) (+91) 9897796487 (Reception) rudraconti@gmail.com Newsletter Facebook-f Instagram Copyright © 2022 Hotel Rudra Continental. All rights reserved. Made with ❤ Puminati Digital All rights reserved