SVC & LAHARI - Urban Blossom - In The Heart Of Delhi-NCR SVC Lahari Home About Us Our Projects Urban Blossom Bridge Paramount Bridge Group Projects Lahari Infra Projects Contact Us Call Us IN the heart of Delhi NCR Urban Blossom Know More Trusted name in real estate SVC & Lahari Trusted name in real estate SVC & Lahari Scroll Down Overview SVC & Lahari SVC & LAHARI is a Real Estate developer and Infrastructure company Based in Hyderabad. SVC & Lahari is a joint venture by two well-established corporates in the industry i.e. Bridge Constructions Pvt. Ltd. and Lahari Infra Projects (India) Pvt. Ltd.The Bridge Group has a legacy of building premium projects that have become landmarks of different neighborhoods. With an impeccable track record of delivering quality homes and within time has earned the trust of thousands of customers across Telangana and Andhra Pradesh states. BRIDGE GROUP has completed over 10 projects, with around 2 million sq. ft. of total built-up area.Lahari Infra is a professionally managed company with proven track record in the infrastructure and Civil since 1996. Lahari Infra made its mark in India’s infrastructure development by executing valued projects across sectors like Roads & Buildings, Railway, Power, Hydro Carbon and Renewable Energy Projects for both Private and Public sectors. Lahari INFRA is the Special Class Contractors under the State and Central Government. Completed our 34 Residential and Commercial projects in Hyderabad at various locations of cumulative construction area of 1,748,475 sq. ft. Know More Few Facts About our company Why choose Svc & Lahari SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT development is not just about shaping infrastructure, it is also developing infra in a way that our construction methods is sustainable for the environment also.​ GREEN LIVING ALWAYS all these years, we have seen india developing on a great pace, be it commercial sector or residential. we want this development to result in a green living, beneficial for both humans & nature. HIGH VALUE ASSET CREATOR we make sure to design & place our products that not only helps the end-user for its own use but it continues to be a high value asset for our customer throughout their lives.​ LUXURY LIVING we believe that every human must feel the luxury that almighty has provided us naturally in the form of greenery. our attempt is to provide all the amenities with a pinch of luxury always.​ AGILE PROJECT DEVELOPMENT svc & lahari is all about agile development i.e. showing each & every aspect of our continuous development step by step to ensure the trust of our customers always.​ THE ULTIMATE CAPITAL APPRECIATION svc & lahari is all about making your money worth a while. we intend to provide not just homes but an ultimate capital appreciation machine to make your money grow.​ CREATING HOMES IN THE HEART OF Delhi NCR SVC & Lahari always believed in creating and delivering value to the lives of people. SVC & Lahari started this journey from Hyderabad with real estate development and construction. We are in Delhi NCR on a mission to provide luxury residential plotted colonies and commercial to every individual.The joint venture brings together the expertise and experience of two highly respected companies in the real estate & infrastructure industry. They have pooled their resources to deliver a project that is of the highest quality and meets the needs of the market. The project represents a strong commitment to delivering excellence and innovation, with a focus on sustainability and community Development. Know More SVC & Lahari Builders Our Projects Residential Plots URBAN BLOSSOM Explore Projects BRIDGE GROUP Explore Projects LAHARI INFRA Upcomming Villas At Tukkuguda Embark on a journey of discovery as we unveil the hidden gems of residential villas, revealing their best-kept secrets and inviting you to explore exclusive options that hold incredible treasures. Enquire Now Play Video Let See the Reviews Testimonials Sahana Sharma Living at Tree Walk by The Bridge Group has been a blissful experience. Surrounded by nature's beauty, I wake up every day feeling refreshed and grateful for this serene haven. Priya Reddy Running my business at Lahari Arcade by Lahari Infra has been a delight. The prime location, well-designed spaces, and seamless infrastructure have made it easier for me to serve my customers. Arjun Patel Rythm by The Bridge Group has exceeded my expectations in every way. The blend of modern aesthetics and traditional charm creates a warm atmosphere, making me feel truly at home. Rajesh Kumar Living in Lahari Estates by Lahari Infra has been a dream come true. The meticulously crafted villas and the tranquil surroundings have provided me with a sense of fulfillment and contentment. Get to know more Contact Us Send Message SVC & Lahari Present to you a remarkable project Urban Blossom that provides beautifully located plots in the Heart of Delhi NCR. Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin Get In Touch Urban Blossom, Faridabad info@svclahari.com +91 74281 82258 10.00 AM - 08.00 PM Quick links Menu Home About Us Our Projects Urban Blossom Bridge Paramount Bridge Group Projects Lahari Infra Projects Contact Us Location Copyright © 2023 SVC & Lahari. All Rights Reserved. Design & Developed By Saaiko Media