About us - Greek olive oil, olives, olive paste, olive oil soaps, olive oil cosmetics 0756 39143750 office@olivewelt.eu About unplortuTolive products from Greece Greek Native Olive Olive Olive Olive Greek Native Olive Oil Extra - Biopoma Oli olive Olive Oilgrim Natural panel olive Greek desalmed olive Greek olives - bioool -paste with olive productsand natural dried spice -like natural, sweet -natural bees Honignatural spices and herbalaronia fruit products from Bulgarienaronia Weinbio aronia acigaronia juice natural cosmetics from olive oil and other natural product services delivery delivery delivery payment certificate. ? Greek olive oil Extra Vergine and health -Mediterranean nutritional diet olive tree except for the plate, a traditionally unforgettable summer evening in Greece customersMade of the cheese bakery vegetarian sauerkraut and stew with noodle bulgarian Mish-Mash start page Salzy cake-sea fruits specialty contact form and orders online shop Greek olive olive olive oil olive olive olive pest olive-oiled. Osmetics about us Welcome to our olive world quickly - simply - practical - safe! Welcome to our new onlineShop! You can now see, selection, order and payment directly from our large products in our online shop! Thank you all! Be healthy and successful, you and your families! Festive prizes and discounts remain in the new year ... And always with express shipping ... founded in 2001, "Bulnaft" EOOD (GmbH) is an established trading company in the food sector, dedicated to the mission and the highest quality, competitive and healthy food and olive products for hotels, restaurants, bakeries, cosmetic shops/ To deliver beauty salons, private and corporate customers as well as other small specialist shops.The activity of the company includes the entire spectrum of direct import and trade: sales, marketing and logistics.Sales manager "Bulnaft" EOOD has been importing from Greece and Bulgaria since October 2016 and sells the company the same products in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and quickly wins new customers.During the same period, "Bulnaft" EOOD (GmbH) the German tax number: 32/334/07094 and VAT-IDNr.: DE320644069. Lager address/online trade: 88353 Kißlegg "Bulnaft" EOOD (GmbH) is aware of how important healthy nutrition andDevelopment of gastronomy in Germany.The company endeavors to respect for every customer Healthy eating for every manager and owner of a restaurant or to save a loyal friend and reliable partner who wants to offer its customers the best products at top price.We take care that all of our products are carefully selected and analyzed to offer exclusively ratio of "quality - price"!By buying our products, you will always be surprised, which great quality you get for the "little money"!We are here to do things better!Free delivery from 50 € Order value to Wangen im Allgäu, Kißlegg, Isny, Leutkirch im Allgäu, Lindau, Ravensburg, Weingarten, Bad Wurzach, Bad Waldsee, Memmingen ... More places near the area on request.Delivery for seniors without a minimum order value and delivery surcharge in the locations mentioned.From an online order value of € 50, we deliver free of charge to your address in Germany.From an order value of € 155 we deliver free of charge to your address in Austria and Switzerland. We accept and now deliver express orders to the following new goals:- Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg;- Great Britain;- Denmark, Sweden, Finland;- France;- Slovakia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland;- Romania, Bulgaria; programs up to 20 kg, only for € 14.99, with delivery of 3 to 5 working days;Copyright © Bulnaft GmbH |<< Admintel.: 0756 39143750 E-Mail: Office@olivewelt.eu