24024pro.com – Rental People Love | For Home Owner and Residents Skip to content HomeAboutServicesPropertiesFAQ’sContact240243D-Virtual-Tours Main Menu HomeAboutServicesPropertiesFAQ’sContact240243D-Virtual-Tours3D Tour3D Tour24 Hours: Property Management.0 Cost to You: Professional Services.24 Months: Guaranteed Rent. 3D Virtual Tours Make an Enquiry[wpforms id="6"]Call Us425-492-4024About UsWe are one stop shop for catering to your real estate needs. Zero worry.Does it seem too good to be true? But we make this possible for you. We pay you Rent every month and maintain your house for free too. House ready to live-in in 48 hours. From just walls, floors, and ceiling to fully furnished house, decorated and staged for new guests to enjoy your gorgeous house. You just sit back and relax. Leave everything to our wonderful team of professionals. Whether it is high level fixes or simple repairs, our professionals can do it all for you at an affordable cost. Property management done exceptionally well, so you won't have to lift a finger. You leave everything on our exceptional team. Enjoy monthly, guaranteed, long-term rental income.This is a ‘HYBRID MODEL’ of long term leasing and traditional style property management. You get the fixed rent income each month and your property is managed at no cost to you. Typical property management companies take 10-25% of rental revenue each month for maintenance in addition to the full first month rent to find the suitable tenant/s. This is not the case with our company. You get a fixed amount of rent from our company irrespective of whether your house is rented or not. In addition to that you never have to deal with any renters for any maintenance issues. Neighborhood decorum is maintained and HOA CC&Rs are followed. No one has done this kind of property management before, who manages your house for FREE. Hybrid Style Property Management Guaranteed Monthly Rental PaymentGet compensated on schedule, without fail.With Guaranteed Rent, you pick between getting paid each month, or getting the whole year of lease forthright. Depends upon your preference! Continues Cash FlowNo gaps between occupants. When you hand us the keys. Even if there is a gap, you won’t get affected by it, your rental amount get deposited to your bank irrespective.Set up a payout method to start getting consistent rental pay while we concentrate on finding another family to cherish your home. Get the best of both worlds of short-term and long-term rentals!Long term lease benefits of guaranteed revenue but with zero worry of maintenance. How cool is that!Get as much as possible for your home. Get the rental revenue while your house is building equity. Our Mission is basic . . .We endeavor to provide you the zero worry experience while your bank balance is growing. We want to take worry off from owners and provide them peace of mind that their house is in good hands. We strive to give you the most responsible property management. Your home, treated as our own 24 0 24 truly stands for its name. Available 24 hours to have to 0 worry about 24 hours of property management.No more telephone tags. We're here for you.To really focus on you and your home, we’re devoted to working with a group to offer day in and day out help. Guaranteed Repairs Done By In House ProsPass on upkeep to our group of Pros.Our full-time staff of Pros guarantee each maintenance is done well the initial time, at the least rate conceivable. Your house’s regular maintenance or seasonal one, it is up to us. Renovating and Major RenovationsIf that is what you need, it could be done as well.Adding another sink, an additional restroom? We give the greatest work beginning to end. Our company’s established rapport in the market brings you the best guests who are going to take good care of your house. Our innovation first methodology utilizes genuine market information and ongoingLong haul leasing, made worry free Get qualified & hand us the keys. Responsibility is on our shoulders to find responsible guests to stay at your house. Set up an online payout method and see your bank balance grow each month. Happy CustomersSeema was fantastic! Every question I had she responded quickly to. She was always positive and proactive with any concern or questions I had Ashley WAThis is spacious and very clean place. The back yard is fenced in so our dogs cold come in and out on their own. We love hanging out in the living room where there were big entertainment chair and a TV with all streaming sites available. The kitchen was big and beautiful all new accessories. Seema is a great host. She’s very communicative and stayed in touch throughout our stay. We’ll be back!MikeCome home for a relaxing vacation. Just bring your personal belongings, unload your bags, unwind… You are home!Ready to move in an elite house, which is not only fully furnished with high class furniture, but also comfortness is kept in mind. This vacation rental experience is not like any other.It is far beyond any ordinary corporate rental. Home About Services Properties FAQ's Contact 24024 3D-Virtual-Tours Reviews FacebookInstagramTwitterCall Us 425-492-4024Email Usseemateam123@gmail.com