Jodi Aesthetics – Jodi Aesthetics Skip to content 153 Turnpike Road, Suite 401, Westborough, MA 01581 508-282-5588 Facebook-f Instagram home About us Treatments Injectables Botox Dermal Fillers Body Contouring and Weight Loss Semaglutide Weight Loss Injections Trusculpt Viture RF Microneedling IV Therapy Contact Us Menu home About us Treatments Injectables Botox Dermal Fillers Body Contouring and Weight Loss Semaglutide Weight Loss Injections Trusculpt Viture RF Microneedling IV Therapy Contact Us appointments Welcome to Jodice Aesthetics! Our mission is to provide a wide range of aesthetic services to help you feel and look your absolute best. LEARN MORE REQUEST APPOINTMENT Welcome to Jodice Aesthetics. Jodice Aesthetics provides a personalized Medspa experience, catering to various aesthetic requirements. We offer an array of safe, innovative treatments for feature enhancements and non-invasive pigmentations solutions, all aimed at delivering natural-looking outcomes. No matter your current situation or desired result, we're with you every step of the way offering honest, professional advice from certified aesthetics experts. Run by Stacey Jodice, a fully-qualified aesthetics practitioner, our services aim to boost your self-confidence and amplify your innate beauty. Utilizing cutting-edge aesthetic procedures like neurotoxin injectables, dermal fillers, IV hydration therapy, vitamin injections, platelet-rich plasma (PRP), Trusculpt and laser hair removal; we guide clients through each stage ensuring they make informed choices about their treatment plans to effectively meet their objectives. At Jodice Aesthetics we believe that beauty goes beyond mere appearances; it's about feeling confident and empowered in one's own skin. Let us help you achieve that feeling today! meet Stacey Jodice Welcome! My name is Stacey Jodice; I am a healthcare professional with over ten years of experience and I am the founder of Jodice Aesthetics. My career in the health and wellness industry began when I graduated from American International College with a Bachelors of Science in Nursing and pursued a career working at several well-known hospitals across the state as an operating room nurse. Over the course of five years, I had the pleasure of working alongside many well-respected healthcare professionals, learning a great deal about patient care, advocating for my clients and seeing the true inter-professional nature of today’s healthcare system. These experiences led me to take the next step and enroll in the nurse practitioner program at Elms College. I graduated with my Doctorate of Nursing Practice and became a board-certified family nurse practitioner. I have thoroughly enjoyed my time working in primary care, as it allowed me to be involved in many aspects of my client’s health and wellness. This aligns with my philosophy and passion for helping others unlock the best version of themselves, and has led me to the field of aesthetics. LEARN MORE Injectables We offer a range of injectable treatments to help you achieve your aesthetic goals. Our experienced team is proud to offer popular injectables such as Botox, Dysport, and fillers. Whether you're looking to reduce the appearance of wrinkles, enhance facial contours, or restore lost volume, our skilled practitioners are here to provide personalized treatment plans tailored to your unique needs. With a focus on safety, efficacy, and natural-looking results, we strive to help you look and feel your best. LEARN MORE REQUEST APPOINTMENT Body Contouring and Weight Loss We are dedicated to helping you achieve your desired body shape and weight goals. We understand that maintaining a healthy weight and sculpting your body can be a challenging journey, and that's why we offer innovative treatments such as semaglutide and the award-winning truSculpt system. LEARN MORE REQUEST APPOINTMENT Injectables We offer a range of injectable treatments to help you achieve your aesthetic goals. Our experienced team is proud to offer popular injectables such as Botox, Dysport, and fillers. Whether you're looking to reduce the appearance of wrinkles, enhance facial contours, or restore lost volume, our skilled practitioners are here to provide personalized treatment plans tailored to your unique needs. With a focus on safety, efficacy, and natural-looking results, we strive to help you look and feel your best. LEARN MORE REQUEST APPOINTMENT VirtuERF Mirconeedling VirtueRF is an advanced skin micro needling device. It's one of Thebes FDA-Cleared RF micro needing systems that provides a comfortable facial rejuvenation experience and delivers stunning results. This minimally invasive treatment elevates the traditional mirconeedling procedure with the addition of RF energy. The radio frequency energy will simultaneously heat the dermis as the micro-needles pierce the skin, which can further create more collagen to tighten skin and improve its overall texture and appearance LEARN MORE REQUEST APPOINTMENT IV Therapy One of the main benefits of IV therapy is that it can help to hydrate the body quickly and efficiently. When we are dehydrated, our bodies cannot function properly. This can lead to tiredness, headaches, and even dizziness. By receiving IV fluids, we can rehydrate our bodies and feel better quickly. There are many benefits to IV hydration, by helping the body to function at its best, IV provides a wide range of health benefits that can be enjoyed by everyone. LEARN MORE REQUEST APPOINTMENT Request an Appointment Call Us At 508-282-5588 Or Request Below First Name Last Name Email Phone Number Services Botox Dermal Fillers Semaglutide Weight Loss Injections Trusculpt IV Therapy VirtueRF Microneedling Requested Day of Week Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Preferred Appointment Time Early Morning Late Morning Early Afternoon Late Afternoon Submit Facebook Instagram Envelope Our Office Jodice Aesthetics Address: 153 Turnpike Road, Suite 401, Westborough, MA 01581 508-282-5588 Quick Links home About us Injectables Body Contouring and Weight Loss Viture RF Microneedling IV Therapy Contact Us home About us Injectables Body Contouring and Weight Loss Viture RF Microneedling IV Therapy Contact Us