Skip to content Home About Us Services Contact FacebookFacebook Main Menu Home About Us Services Contact EVERYTHING YOU NEED From selecting, packaging, and delivering the highest quality products with the utmost standards in hygiene and excellence by the best professionals in the industry, prepared for Chefs by Chefs; whether it’s for a lunchroom, a company gathering, a vacation, a resort, or the largest convention you can host, at World Foods, we are dedicated to providing strategic solutions for all your foodservice needs. Leave it to us, and World Foods will make it happen. "Prepared for Chefs by Chefs." Meet the winning team of World Foods, a group of professionals, Chefs, experts in food product transportation, storage, and distribution, all dedicated to bringing the best from the field to your table. Our Team “The heart and soul of World Foods lies within our exceptional team. We’ve assembled a group of professionals, Chefs, and food industry experts who are passionate about what they do. They bring their expertise in transportation, storage, and distribution to ensure that our products reach you in the best condition. Our team is the backbone of our success, and they work tirelessly to maintain our industry leadership. When you choose World Foods, you’re not just choosing a supplier; you’re joining a dedicated family of professionals who are committed to excellence and are ready to serve you with passion and integrity. Our Philosophy At World Foods, our philosophy is simple yet profound – to lead with excellence and commitment. We are industry pioneers, driven by a relentless dedication to delivering the highest quality products to our valued customers. Our promise is to bridge the gap between the field and your table, ensuring that every meal, every experience, is enriched by our unwavering commitment to quality. We’re not just in the food business; we’re in the business of creating unforgettable moments and nourishing connections through the power of exceptional food "Prepared for Chefs by Chefs." We are industry leaders and are committed to delivering products of excellent quality to all our customers. They trust Us They trust in our services and products, and we want you to be part of the World Foods family as well. CONTACT US 10651 SATELLITE BLVD - ORLANDO FL 407-851-4504 ext. 100 po@worldfoodllc.com Copyright © 2024 World Food | Powered by worldfoodllc.com