Welcome to Indianafoods :::: Toggle navigation Home About Us Products Recipe Contact Email Home About Product Recipe Contact Email Previous Next The company is guided by SatpalBatra&Saksham Batra(Founder & Partner) Indiana is a part of k.S industries Group Company having diversified business. We understand the fact that gaining customer loyalty isn't an easy task, on the other hand, we are well aware of how to achieve it. The commitment towards our profession, our loyalty in serving them has helped us establish a connection between us. Brown Bread Bun Bread Daily Bread Fine Bread Fruit Bread Milk Bread Multigrain Bread Sandwich Bread Vegan White Bread Pav Bread Incredible Indiana White Bread Previous Next View All Products INDIANA © NUTRITION MISSION Indiana® is on a mission to raise awareness around the importance of eating 30g of fibre everyday as part of a balanced, healthy diet, and to show how easy it is to boost the amount we eat. to raise awareness around the importance of eating 30g of fibre everyday as part of a balanced, healthy diet, and to show how easy it is to boost the amount we eat.to raise awareness around the importance of eating 30g of fibre everyday as part of a balanced, healthy diet, and to show how easy it is to boost the amount we eat. The work ethics, we follow has been the key point in achieving smaller milestones in our profession. Indiana have been a name for best quality, reliability and loyalty. We have currently a handsome number of the customer base who rely on us and stick to Indiana when it comes to buying any new goods for their needs. Our array of services have been Established in 2020 April during Lockdown Commenced production constantly work on understanding what customer expect and how well we can deliver their requirements. In this process of achieving a greater height, we constantly evaluate, define and refine our approach towards the best practices in our services and never compromise on delivering best in class services. Our success today is measured by the satisfaction derived from our clients for our quality products. out time sense and loyalty. At Indiana the work culture and our team's approach to client requirement are ethical and professional. Irrespective of the scale of client's requirement, our team works towards the minimal turnaround, leading to a prolonged patronage for our services Quick Links Home About Us Products Recipe Contact Email Contact Details KS Industries C-25, Industrial Area Amausi. Lucknow-226008 (Uttar Pradesh) Contact: Executive, Customer care +91 9129121234 www.indianafoods.co.in Email: indiansfoods.co.in@gmail.com Lic.no.10019051002940 Connect to Social © copyright All Rights Reserved 2023 | Design & Developed by pindropcreators