One With Nature - "Conscious Beyond Convenience" Home Vision Recent Work Shop & Support Vendor Payment Plastic Blog Cart Home Vision Recent Work Shop & Support Vendor Payment Plastic Blog Cart video Conscious Beyond Convenience Outdoor Lifestyles Encouraging Environmental Consciousness ONE WITH NATURE – Motive We are here to inspire the lives of others by preserving and improving the environment we live in while advocating for community involvement. Inspired by childhood adventures and a love for the natural beauty of our home, in 2013 we set out as a group of friends to instill a high value on nature in our community moving forward. The vision has since expanded In an effort to make caring cool, we serve as an environmental collective promoting active outdoor lifestyles. We believe the more time you spend outside, the more connected you become to the natural world, inspiring people to act on behalf of preserving our ecology for generations to come. Our products & services foster environmental awareness and our efforts are focused on projects that advance environmental progress. Community Efforts We’ve collaborated with local environmental organizations including Surfrider and ECOSLO to aid in banning styrofoam in neighboring communities. In addition we’ve moved forward a measure to ban single-use water bottles and implement hydration stations in our city’s infrastructure to enable citizens to opt for reusables more conveniently. As we grow, our collaborative efforts will continue and our push to limit our collective waste will only gain momentum. Recently, we had the pleasure to tell the story about the Learning Among the Oaks Program put on by the Land Conservancy. Hiking Trail Signs We are currently working with the City of San Luis Obispo to place informative hiking trail signs across our region’s open space. Our signs are present to deter littering and limit user impact. By raising awareness of our relationship with nature these signs work to preserve our open space for the years ahead. We’ve partered with The City of San Luis Obispo to remind hikers and cyclists to keep our open space trash free. Look for them around the various trails here in SLO County. Motivating Californians to Go Solar California is supposed to be a leader in climate initiatives, and now they are gutting one of the most impactful carbon reduction technologies that benefit everyone. The economics are changing that will halt solar adoption, and we are trying to get the word out. Net metering is a critical component of solar economics. Net metering is a billing mechanism that credits solar energy system owners for excess electricity they add to the grid. Current NEM 2.0 policy allows California homeowners to pay back their solar panels often 2-3x over in a 30 year span. Credits are worth more, and can be rolled over month to month. This is critical as more power is produced during summer months, allowing you to “shore up” for winter when you generate less electricity than you use. In January 2022 California’s CPUC scheduled to decrease net metering rates completed gutted current incentives. NEM 3.0 initial terms were so outrageous in favoring the utilities they received incredible anger and pushback. California homeowners and the solar industry were up in arms. Around 500 people voiced their frustration and anger during a public hearing Zoom call. After the public outrage, the CPUC is set to define new NEM 3.0 terms that won’t be as bad as the ones initially proposed, but still much worse than NEM 2.0. The new policy is set to take effect sometime this summer. Experts predict if you get solar installed past August 2022, you’ll be forced into NEM 3.0. Instead of paying off your solar panels in 10 years with NEM 2.0, it will become more like 15 years+ to pay back your solar panels. To learn if solar makes sense for you, we are coordinating 1v1 Solar Education Workshops with a local expert and mentor. Cal Poly Zero Waste Club Video we produced for Cal Poly’s Zero Waste Club showcasing what they’re doing to make waste more efficient. Subscribe to our Newsletter to stay informed on how to get involved. Also check out our Green Business Directory. Conscious Beyond Convenience May 9th, 2022_conbeyconv videos Recent Work Restoration Packaging x 7-Eleven Canada Buy a Cup Grow a Plant SLO County Green Business Program SLO Down Plastics Rise Above Single-Use Women's Legacy Fund- 2018 Grant Recipients Buy a Cup Grow a Plan – Restoration Packaging x 7-Eleven Check out more videos on One With Nature Vimeo. One Cool Earth: Empowering action through educationVideosCalifornia Styrofoam BanVideosCal Poly Zero Waste Orientation: StudentsVideosCal Poly Zero Waste Orientation: FacultyVideosSacred Waters TrailerVideosChumash Heritage National Marine SanctuaryVideosAustin Neumann in CanadaVideosThe Last StrawVideosCal Poly Zero Waste ClubVideosBig Sur HWY 1 RideVideosMDO to Avila PaddleVideosConscious Beyond ConvenienceVideos Recent Work July 21st, 2019_conbeyconv swag-support Shop & Support Sale! I Vote Nature Tee $15.00 – $20.00 Select options Sale! Men’s OWN Tank $20.00 $15.00 Select options Sale! Men’s Rainbow T-Shirt (Black) $18.00 – $25.00 Select options Sale! Men’s Rainbow T-Shirt (Grey) $25.00 $20.00 Select options Sale! Thumbprint T-Shirt $20.00 – $25.00 Select options I Like Nature Cuzy $2.00 Add to cart Sticker Pack $10.00 Add to cart Sale! Black Diamond Thumbprint Hat $25.00 $15.00 Select options OWN Bumper Sticker $1.00 Add to cart HWY 1 Sticker $3.00 Add to cart I Like Nature Sticker $2.00 Add to cart Shop & Support May 9th, 2022_conbeyconv CONTACT Be nice, to everyone, and everything. One With Nature, LLC San Luis Obispo, CA 93401 Email us onewithnature805@gmail.com | | | © 2022 ONE WITH NATURE, LLC | | onewithnature805@gmail.com | (805) 316-7030 | Video Production Services