Shenzhen high -point soft furnishings design, focusing on model rooms and sales room soft furnishings design high points design website home profile company profile company Tana ray vicky wong xijia project case caseCase sharing high -point activity information recruiting sage to contact us to slide to check the next page to answer questions and confuse Answer Questions. If the time is not enough, the result of the lag of the project's full marketing is unavailable.At this time, Party A needs to find a family with a low budget with a low budget, so it is necessary to find a soft outfit design company that holds production capacity and finished spot display.In the past industry experience, the risks and risks of understanding of details come from choice. However, choosing a design company is the most critical. Simple design companies generally have different words and deeds.The key question of Party A is accurately asked for the first time: project type+expectation effect+open time+peripheral competition brand+surrounding understanding details to display each plan as a classic to polish, even if you experience the changes in the years, it is still worthy of taste tasteHe Hongguiyang Taohuayuan Afrathy A and Honghong Taohuayuan Town Center Shanghai · JW Hero Marriott Hotel Tangshan Dachengfu 182 Paldi Furniture Furniture Show Hall Chengdu Zishan Yunting Afood A.In the design capital of Shenzhen.Since its entrepreneurship, it has always adhered to the concept of "creative value design and achieved customer ideals", and is committed to providing overall soft outfit design and supporting landing services for model houses, sales centers, hotels, clubs, business display spaces and other projects.High -point design also pushes the concept of "adding income and value to customers with design to add income and value" and "strengthening competitive advantages for customers with design" in the industry, and further empower the project to the project.Learn more elite team Elite Team Takana High Design-Design A Director of Directors for 12 years. So far, the leading projects are all over the country and the Asia-Pacific parts. Many works have won the Space Award.In the field of housing, there is a supreme insight. At the industry forum summit, the "80 TANA TANA high point design-design a director of the design of the design of the director for 12 years.Space Awards. In the field of residential, there is supreme insights. The "80 Thunder high -point design project management industry has been in the industry forum summit for 13 years.Space art soft outfit.In the field of commercial soft installations, "use soft installation to empower business business, use soft installation to improve cooperation with Ray Zizi high -point design project management industry for 13 years, participate in and dominate many well -known domestic real estate companies, and international hotel brands, commercial categories, commercial categoriesSpace art soft furnishings in the exhibition hall. In the field of commercial soft furnishings, "use soft installation for enterprises to empower business, use soft installation to improve cooperative design design for 15 years, and many leading projects.In the house, many works in the hotel have won awards, and the "Book 79" and "Bai-Dining Table" designed by the hotel are sought after by the European overseas markets.VICKY WONG has been designed for 15 years, and many leading projects have many projects.European overseas markets are sought after.High-point design-Designing three years of chief design design for 12 years, has participated in many top projects in China, representative works "Shanghai JW Marriott Hotel", "Guangzhou Nansha Jinmao Mansion Model Room", "Hainan Xingyun Valley Sales Office" and special "Lian Ti""Da Mu" It means Xijia high design-the design of the three years of the design of the director for 12 years. He has participated in many top domestic projects in China.And special "Lian Ti Mu" means we have been serving the enterprise with the intention, the exquisite reputation process of the industry, the service process of the soft -in space advantage design service process product production factory Product FactoryThe positioning material is accurate and unanimously landed. There are 260 workers in the factory, and there is a dust -free paint room/lunter lunter group/hardware workshop.> Lighting factory self -made accessories, with custom accessories workshops, glass craft workshops, fully realized the production capacity of the lighting industry to see the plan.> The first place in the cloth art factory industry to see the cloth plate is equal to the cargo. All cloth plates have a fabric module with corresponding materials to avoid only the problems that the concept cannot be realized.And ascending the peak -like art, sculpture, in addition to the sculpture in the plan, there are also a large number of original artworks> Hanging painting factory paintings are not just handmade. With the upgrading of the craftsmanship, art upgrades, in addition to the current upgrade of art, in addition to the current art of art, except for the current art upgrade. At presentThere are currently 33 cooperative artists, and at the same time have high difficulty process installations to draw precision instruments.> Furniture factory soft furniture is restored, and the quality positioning materials are accurate and unanimously landed. There are 260 workers in the factory, and there is a dust -free paint room/tenon lunglewood group/hardware workshop.> Lighting factory self -made accessories, with custom accessories workshops, glass craft workshops, fully realized the production capacity of the lighting industry to see the plan.> The first place in the cloth art factory industry to see the cloth plate is equal to the cargo. All cloth plates have a fabric module with corresponding materials to avoid only the problems that the concept cannot be realized.And ascending the peak -like art, sculpture, in addition to the sculpture in the plan, there are also a large number of original artworks> Hanging painting factory paintings are not just handmade. With the upgrading of the craftsmanship, art upgrades, in addition to the current upgrade of art, in addition to the current art of art, except for the current art upgrade. At presentThere are currently 33 cooperative artists, and at the same time have high difficulty process installations to draw precision instruments.> Partner/PARTENR Information Center News All Soft Institution Information Case Sharing High Activity Information 01 Shenyang Ocean Mansion Soft Insty: High-quality House, Life Life 2021 05-07 The owner who is the father of the two boys is the father of two boys, humorous and humorousWisdom and decisiveness have their own profound awareness of the definition of home. He hopes to have its own spatial attributes on the premise of satisfying practicality.Through in-depth talks with the owner, set up 2021 05-07 02 Xiamen Jianfa · Yunyun: Contemporary soft outfit design, upgrade the ideal Bay Area life 2021 05-07 HIGH in the Clouds strolling cloud, free moodLocated in the CBD of Haicang, Xiamen, it is the five landscape resources of Lakes, Hai, Shan, Island, and City, and enjoy the 360 ° head 2021 05-07 03 Sunshine City · Hushan Yue Soft installation design case 2021 05-07 Sunshine City · Hushan Yue, as another masterpiece of Dongguan Group, is located in another masterpiece of Dongguan. It is located on the middle of the beautiful scenery of the middle axis of Dalang City, adjacent to the Songhu and Rain Scenic Area, to enjoy the cooked business district, natural and high -quality municipal supporting.Covering high-rise houses, LOFT Office 2021 05-07 04 high point design, tell you a few soft design websites we often use! 2021 05-07 high design, tell you several of our commonly used soft design websites! In factThere are also many types of design websites. It is not so general. According to the classification, there may be the following, which may be as follows.I. Meitu website: Living Fun Home 2021 05-07 05 How to make the hotel soft and accessories of the hotel so that the customer is satisfied with the customer. 2021 05-07 How to make the hotel soft and accessories as customers as customers.Satisfied 2021 05-07 01 Shenyang Ocean Mansion Soft Forming: High-quality people, the owner who yearn for life 2021 05-07 Porch is the father of two boys, humorous, wise and decisive.Cognition, he hopes to have its own spatial attributes under the premise of satisfying practicality.Through in-depth talks with the owner, set up 2021 05-07 02 Xiamen Jianfa · Yunyun: Contemporary soft outfit design, upgrade the ideal Bay Area life 2021 05-07 HIGH in the Clouds strolling cloud, free moodLocated in the CBD of Haicang, Xiamen, it is the five landscape resources of Lakes, Hai, Shan, Island, and City, and enjoy the 360 ° head 2021 05-07 03 Sunshine City · Hushan Yue Soft installation design case 2021 05-07 Sunshine City · Hushan Yue, as another masterpiece of Dongguan Group, is located in another masterpiece of Dongguan. It is located on the middle of the beautiful scenery of the middle axis of Dalang City, adjacent to the Songhu and Rain Scenic Area, to enjoy the cooked business district, natural and high -quality municipal supporting.Covering high-rise houses, LOFT Office 2021 05-07 04 high point design, tell you a few soft design websites we often use! 2021 05-07 high design, tell you several of our commonly used soft design websites! In factThere are also many types of design websites. It is not so general. According to the classification, there may be the following, which may be as follows.I. Meitu website: Living Fun Home 2021 05-07 05 How to make the hotel soft and accessories of the hotel so that the customer is satisfied with the customer. 2021 05-07 How to make the hotel soft and accessories as customers as customers.Satisfied 2021 05-07 What kind of service type brand design image design does you want?The top floor of 8A02 Shenzhen High Space Decoration Design Co., Ltd. All rights reserved Yue ICP No. 2021025567 Powered by Metinfo 7.7 © 2008-2024 mituo.cn telephone consultation QQ contact