Home Home Services About Contact Meet Our Practice Home Services About Contact Meet Our Practice Search WELCOME Kirks Accountants was established in 1984. Our objective is to offer the best professional and personal service that assists our clients meet their taxation obligations and add value to their business and financial affairs. COVID -19 SAFETY MEASURESDear Valued ClientWe wish to outline the Social Distancing measure we are adopting to help combat the spread of COVID 19.1. Our office is open for clients to call in briefly to drop in papers and documents. Alternatively we have a mail-box downstairs where you can deposit documents. This box is cleared twice a day.2. We have ceased all face to face meeting. Meetings will be conducted by telephone.3. You can as always email your documents to any one of the email addresses on our website at www.kirksaccountants.com.au4. You can also mail documents to P O Box 1069, Bundoora Vic 3083. This box is cleared daily.There have been several COVID-19 stimulus packages announced by the Federal Government over the last few days for individuals and SME business. The situation is very fluid and confusing and frustrating at times.Please call our office on (03) 9467 6933 or email Gerald Kirk on email address gerald.kirk@kirksaccountants.com.au to discuss your particular situation, circumstances and financial needs.We will do our best to help your business through this rough patch.RegardsGerald KirkKirks Accountants Some of Our Services​ PROPERTY ADVISORY TAXATION ADVISORY BUSINESS ADVIS0RY SUPER ADVISORY PROFESSIONAL AND RELIABLE We here at Kirks Accountants have learnt a thing or two in our 35 years of operation and servicing over 15000 clients. You will be able to trust and rely on our expertise and professionalism. YEARS IN PRACTICE INDIVIDUAL CLIENTS BUSINESSES Public Access TAX FORMS PURCHASE OR SALE OF BUSINESS CHECKLISTS TAX RETURN CHECKLIST TAX NEWS Get in Touch With Us * Indicates required field First Name * Organisation * If part of a Organisation, Company or Business please let us know, Thank you! Last Name * Birthday * Email * Phone Number * Comments * Please leave a comment with your inquiries, thank you! Submit Please fill in all the fields above, including identifying your areas of interest. This information will be used to identify on what areas we should communicate with you. Also take the time, to identify topics which you are interested in. Again, this information will be used to identify on what areas we should communicate with you. Meet Our Practice Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.The relevant scheme is that of the Institute of Public Accountants, which presently has a Professional Standards Scheme in force. Proudly powered by Weebly Home Services About Contact Meet Our Practice