Intech Integrated – Recycling Aluminium Phone: +603 3176 8828 Email: info@intech-integrated.com Mon-Fri: 8am – 7pm Get Directions English English 简体中文 Home About Us Who We Are Core Values Vision & Mission Products & Services Products Service Technology Integrated Operation Quality Control Environment Standard Quality Assurance Contact Us English English 简体中文 Supervised by dedicated management team and operated by experienced production team. Advanced Production Facilities 24 hours operation 2,000 MT per month Production In pursuit of our visions and missions, we expect our people to uphold, at all times, the core values of our company. Dedicated and Experienced Team We strive to excel in quality of our products and services. Core Values Specialize in producing high quality aluminium alloy ingot operating under the manufacturing disciplines of ISO 9001:2015. High Quality Aluminium Ingots Stringent quality control to ensure quality products Our Product Reliable Global Aluminium Secondary Ingot Recycling Plant 1 Metric Tonnes Per Year We Are Capable To Produce World Class Aluminium Ingots In 2002, we started with just 5 members, but today, our team has grown to over 120 members and continues to expand. As a Malaysian corporation, Intech Integrated provides sustainable and high-quality aluminum recycling solutions to customers worldwide. Our focus is on adhering to ISO standards, providing excellent customer service, and promoting environmental responsibility. By choosing us, you can reduce your carbon footprint with confidence in our top-quality recycled aluminum ingots. Aluminium Alloy Ingots Aluminium is the most widely used non-ferrous metal and its production has been ongoing for over a century and is still going strong. One of the key factors in the success of aluminium is its recyclability. We specialize in producing high quality aluminium alloy ingot through tolling process from scrap sourcing, handling and processing and recovering the materials with highest yield. Fostering the Growth of Recycling Market A Leading Supplier of Aluminium in Various Industry Such as Automotive, Building Materials, Aerospace, Electrical and Both Industrial and Consumer Products Contact Us Explore All Services Tolling Production capacity to 2000MT per month. Read More Laboratory High profile laboratory test facility Read More Logistic Systematic in-house logistic team Read More Waste and Non-Ferrous Collector We provide nationwide pick up service Read More Making Tomorrow Different Today. Energize Society With Sustainable And Reliable Energy Systems! In recent years, new capacity across the solar value chain has become necessary to support the PV market’s growth. However, the capital required to establish and scale-up wafer, solar cell and solar module manufacturing facilities is considerable. Together, these factors pose a serious challenge to sustainable operation and growth of global solar manufacturers. Explore All Features! Save Your Money Save money on utilities or increase the value of your home by installing solar panels as a great option. 5 Stars Customer Service Understand that we must go above our customer expectations during each interaction always. Your Home Is Energy Everyday the sun provides us with an abundance of free energy by placing solar panels on your roof. Consultation & Planning Our remote industrial solar systems are designed to reliably power our clients critical remote locations. Certified Engineers Our sales engineers on our staff have years of experience and can design any complete solar system. Awards & Milestones Benefiting from nearly 20 years experience. Improving Production Capacity Our Production Plant, Fully Operational For 24 Hours Per Day With our innovative technologies, clear focus on the needs of our customers, we energize society. Let’s make tomorrow different today! Best Valued Partner, for NOW and FUTURE Contact If you have any questions or need help, feel free to contact our team. +603 3176 8828 Company Who We Are Core Values Our People Vision & Mission Other Links Product Technology Quality Assurance Our Product Specification Download PDF ©2023 Intech Integrated, All Rights Reserved.