Hallmark Aquaequipment Pvt. Ltd. enquiry@haepl.com 208 Rash Behari Avenue, Kolkata - 700029, West Bengal, India +91 8017522842 Home About Us Overview History Quality Policy Infrastructure Product Services Clients Contact Request A Quote HALLMARK Water Management – Our Concern Ever since its inception in the year 1987, Hallmark Aquaequipment has evolved to become one of the most trusted manufacturer of HDPE pipes and fittings in the irrigation and water management industry. With its uncompromising adherence to the highest national and international standards set for manufacturing products of the highest quality, and a proven record in designing and executing critical turnkey projects, the organization has emerged as a one-stop destination for millions of farmers, planters and industries, worldwide. DUST SUPPRESSION SYSTEM In high polluting environments like haul road, stackyard and hoppers of mines and factories, dust suppression system is emerging as a necessary means of pollution control aiming at the health and safety of workers and the longevity of machines. Sprinkler Irrigation System Hallmark Aquaequipment Pvt Ltd. prides itself on being the first company in the world to offer a portable HDPE Sprinkler System suitable for high pressure application in plantation, particularly for tea and coffee. Dewatering System In open cast mines, the water gets logged in the working area, due to seepage and rainfall, and in such cases, dewatering, that is getting rid of the accumulated water is an essential and critical task. Hallmark, with its HDPE piping system has developed efficient Dewatering Systems for such mines. Water Distribution System We undertake turnkey projects for distribution of water through HDPE pipes catering to both, the industrial and domestic sectors. This includes lifting of water from any perennial water source, and distribution of the same, through pipelines of different dimensions and pressure ratings to the specified area. Golf/Landscape/Field Irrigation System We offer complete irrigation solutions for golf courses, parks, residential complexes, commercial complexes, sports fields and other similar areas, which consists of an automatic pop-up sprinkler system, which employs the use of solenoid valves and station controllers to make the entire process completely free of human intervention. Drip/Micro Irrigation System Drip irrigation is a type of micro-irrigation system that has the potential to save water and nutrients by allowing water to drip slowly to the roots of plants, either from above the soil surface or buried below the surface. A legacy of innovation Hallmark Aquaequipment Pvt Ltd. was the first to introduce a completely moulded HDPE coupling system – which lay focus on strength, lightness in weight and cost-effectiveness. We introduced a range of specially designed high pressure resistant portable HDPE sprinkler irrigation system. We have over the years, kept on pioneering new products, and have even developed various industrial water management solutions like complete HDPE dust suppression and dewatering systems for mining and other allied industries. More About Us Services we offer WATER MANAGEMENT OUR CONCERN Dust Suppression System In high polluting environments like the haul road, stackyard and hoppers of mines and factories, dust suppression system is emerging as a necessary means of pollution control, aiming at the health and safety of workers and the longevity of machines. Read More Rain Water Harvesting Hallmark’s rainwater harvesting system complete with borewell recharge system is designed and installed using high quality filters and UV stabilized grey pipes, equipped with a unique jointing method which leads to easy installation and maintenance. Read More Dewatering System In open cast mines, the water gets logged in the working area, due to seepage and rainfall, and in such cases, dewatering, that is getting rid of the accumulated water is an essential and critical task. Hallmark, with its HDPE piping system has developed efficient Dewatering Systems for such mines. Read More Water Distribution System We undertake turnkey projects for distribution of water through HDPE pipes catering to both, the industrial and domestic sectors. This includes lifting of water from any perennial water source, and distribution of the same, through pipelines of different dimensions and pressure ratings to the specified area. Read More Sprinkler Irrigation System Hallmark Aquaequipment Pvt. Ltd. prides itself on being the first company in the world to offer portable HDPE sprinkler system suitable for high pressure application in plantation, particularly for tea and coffee. The system has been developed after a thorough study of the various problems encountered in the field. The HDPE sprinkler irrigation system incurs very low frictional loss which results in substantial savings in pumping cost. Read More Golf/Landscape/Field Irrigation System We offer complete irrigation solutions for golf courses, parks, residential complexes, commercial complexes, sports fields and other similar areas, which consists of an automatic pop-up sprinkler system, which employs the use of solenoid valves and station controllers to make the entire process completely free of human intervention. Read More Fountain Beautification System Be it indoor or outdoor, fountains are a great way to enhance the aesthetics of any premises, regardless of size and type. Read More Solar Module cleaning system Solar power plants are being installed in our country, as the same is a very powerful source of non-conventional energy, which is sustainable and non-polluting. Read More Drip/Micro Irrigation System Drip irrigation is a type of micro-irrigation system that has the potential to save water and nutrients by allowing water to drip slowly to the roots of plants, either from above the soil surface or buried below the surface. The goal is to place water directly into the root zone and minimize evaporation. Read More Send us your enquiry! Submit Request Ever since its inception in the year 1987, Hallmark Aquaequipment has evolved to become one of the most trusted manufacturer of HDPE pipes and fittings in the irrigation and water management industry. With its uncompromising adherence to the highest national and international standards set for manufacturing products of the highest quality, and a proven record in designing and executing critical turnkey projects, the organization has emerged as a one-stop destination for millions of farmers, planters and industries, worldwide. Quick Link Home About Us History Infrastructure Products Clients Career Contact Services Dust Suppression System Rain Water Harvesting Dewatering System Water Distribution System Sprinkler Irrigation System Golf/Landscape/Field Irrigation System Fountain Solar Module cleaning system Drip/Micro Irrigation System Annual Report MGT-9 21-22 MGT-9 22-23 Get In Touch 208 Rash Behari Avenue, 2nd Floor, Kolkata - 700029, West Bengal, India Ph: +91 33 24650465 Email: enquiry@haepl.com Copyright © 2024. All Rights Reserved. Hallmark Aquaequipment Pvt. Ltd. Get a Quote Fill up the form and our team will get back to you within 48 hours. Full Name * Phone Number * Email Address * Message Submit Close