University Health Services Home About Units Archievements/Milestone Gallery Staff Contact Kwara State University University Health Services Get Started Kwara State University University Health Services Get Started Kwara State University University Health Services Get Started About Our Center MISSION / VISION STATEMENT Mission:Mission: To monitor and actively respond to the Healthcare needs of the KWASU community through preventive, diagnostic, and creative care. Vision:Vision: To be a leading institutional healthcare center with exceptional value in healthcare delivery. A Brief History of the University Health Services Kwara State University Health Services was commissioned on Wednesday, 16th April 2014, by the pioneer vice chancellor, Prof. Abdulrasheed Na’Allah. The clinic is a 30-bed capacity demarcated into male, female, staff, and isolation wards. The wards are adequately monitored by certified nursing staff in various specialties assisted by health attendant officers. The consulting clinics are cored by a medical doctor at present 24 hours a day all year round. The working shifts are day (7 am-4 pm) and night (4 pm-7 am) with health workers present physicallyin the clinic. The pharmacy unit stores and dispenses essential drugs as prescribed by the doctors while diagnostic tests and investigations are requested in the medical laboratory. The ambulance unit also has a doctor available every hour of the day and utilizes 2 ambulances whenever referrals to secondary and tertiary facilities are required. The environmental health officers complement the activities of the health center in monitoring food vendors and other health-related activities on our campus to prevent and avoid health-related hazards. Our Work Activities Our main mandate at the Centre for Community Development includes the following:: Clinic registration. Periodical orientation and awareness. DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS We are delighted to welcome you to KWASU Health Services, a place dedicated to your health, well-being, and peace of mind. Our mission is to monitor and actively respond to the Healthcare needs of the KWASU community through preventive, diagnostic, and creative care, and provide comprehensive and compassionate healthcare services that support your academic and personal success. Whether you are seeking routine medical care, health education, or support during times of illness or stress, our team of dedicated professionals is here to serve you. At KWASU Health Services, we believe that health is essential to your journey through university life. Our services are designed to promote not only physical health but also mental and emotional well-being. We offer a range of medical services, from routine check-ups and vaccinations to confidential counseling and mental health support. Our experienced healthcare providers are here to listen, guide, and empower you to make informed decisions about your health. We understand the unique challenges that come with university life—balancing academics, extracurricular activities, and personal responsibilities. That's why we are committed to making your healthcare experience as convenient and accessible as possible. Our scheduling options, including same-day appointments and telehealth services, are designed with your busy schedule in mind. Please take a moment to explore our website for more information about our services, hours of operation, and contact details. We encourage you to reach out to us with any questions or concerns you may have. Your health and well-being are our top priorities, and we are here to support you. We look forward to serving you and being a partner on your journey to success at Kwara State University, Malete. Remember, your health matters. Warm regards, DR NIMAT BOLA IDRIS (BSc, MBBS, MCH, ND.) UNITS ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH UNIT PHARMACY UNIT NURSING MEDICAL RECORDS MEDICAL LABORATORY UNIT AMBULANCE ADMINISTRATIVE UNIT ACHIEVEMENTS AND MILESTONES Achievements and Milestones of The University Health Center Digitalization of students' and staff health records. Operating 24/7, 365 days year-round. Low-level referral to the higher center due to qualified staff. Adequate water supply for activity. Solar-powered illumination of the clinic environment. Excellent support from the management of the university due to efficient service delivery. OUR PLANS To become a world-known integrative healthcare service, the best of its kind in any institution delivering quality healthcare and saving lives, using both Western and orthodox medicine and natural medicine and nutritional therapies to heal. Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Mrs. Abdulsalam Medina Administrative Head Mrs. Abdulsalam Medina at work University's Health Service Ambulance Ambulance on Standby Director Dr. Nimat Bola Idris Dr. Agbabiaka Emergency Response from Doctor Agbabiaka and Nurse Abioye Dr. Ayo Agbabiaka Medical consultation with Dr. Ayo Moses Agbabiaka Laboratory Medical laboratory at work Records Medical records officer at work Pharmacy Pharmacy unit at work Environment The Environmental Health Unit. OUR STAFF DR. Nimat Bola Idris (BSc, MBBS, MCH, ND) Co-ordinator University Health Services Dr. Ayo Moses Agbabiaka Medical Doctor/ Clinic Coordinator Mrs Eyiwumi Ajao Head, Environmental Health Unit Mrs. Kudirat Jimoh Head, Pharmacy Unit Toluwase Felicia Abioye Head, Nursing Unit Mrs. Basira Fatimat Musa Head, Medical Records Unit Abdulslam Jimoh Kanike Head, Medical Laboratory Unit Mr. Abdullahi Yahaya Sarumi Head, Ambulance Unit Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: KWASU Centre for University Health Services, Kwara State University, Malete. P.M.B. 1513, Ilorin Email:healthservices@kwasu.edu.ng . Director DR Nimat Bola Idris (BSc, MBBS, MCH, ND) Email: nimat.idris@kwasu.edu.ng Clinic Coordinator Dr. Ayo Moses Agbabiaka Email:ayo.agbabiaka@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/