The Bulgarian Social Democratic Party BSDP Home Contacts Connects Connects Bulgarian Social Democratic Party Chairmanly Executive Bureau CCRC National Committee Decisions Executive Bureau National Committee Congresses National Conferences BSDPs in 39 BSDPs for BSDPPublic Register Conferences and Discussions Theoretical Conferences Materials for Discussion Documents and Membership How to Become a Member?BSDP Statute Program in Plovdiv Municipality The Bulgarian Social Democratic Party and Radical Democratic Party, together with No. 37 in the Integrated Bulletin for the Traditional Bulgarian Social Democracy, vote with # 37 Your Browser Does Not Support The Audio Element.In the local elections of 29.10.2023, for the candidates of the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party with №37 in the Integrated Bulletin, another BSDP Forum determined the guidelines in the forthcoming elections the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party registered for participation in the elections for municipal councilors and mayors scheduled on 29.10.. More BSDP - the only reasonable alternative if Dertliev became president?Look more ... Look more ... When you want to skip the future, be careful in what world you will wake up!- Jordan Nihrizov presents his novel "56th" see more ... Why is the BSDP a brand in our political life?See more ... the candidate of the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party for Mayor of Sofia Municipality see more ... Election platform of the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party (BSDP) for the local elections in the Sofia Municipality and our candidates with # 37 in the integrated newsletter see more ... See more ...Search for: Search in: In everything in the title in the content new materials When values begin to rearrange the situation in the personal interests, the outcome of which can only indicate something too deficient in our country Yordan Nihrizov - one question mayor and municipal councilors in the municipality of GalabovoThe oath of the BSDP NC Member Ilia Iliev was unanimously elected as chairman of the Municipal Council in Radnevo Municipality BSDP is one of the main players in the Stara Zagora region the candidate for mayor of the Local BSDP / MRF / in Galabovo Municipality, Nikolay Kolev is re -elected to the first round.The local coalition Bulgarian Social Democratic Party (ZNS) is the first in the election of municipal councilors in Radnevo Municipality.The Bulgarian Social Democratic Party is the first political power of the elections in the municipality of Breznik with talent and will, boldness and mind for Troyan!The independent candidate for mayor Vasil Uzunov and the candidates from the list of BSDP municipal councilors who stand behind him presented their views on the development of the municipality in front of the public of the city of Breznik in the municipality of Plovdiv the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party and the Radical Democratic Party together with No. 37 in the integrated newsletter.BSDP Chairman Nedyalko Angelov recalled Dr. Dertliev's words: "BSDP is the only reasonable alternative!"Why in the local elections 2023In the municipality of Radnevo, to select the Local Coalition "The Bulgarian Social Democratic Party (Agricultural People's Union)" and No. 68?Current Information Forthcoming Social Democrats for Discussion Materials Press Center - Election elections 2015 - 2017 Partnership BSDS rendered unions NGOs History History Historical Heritage newspaper Internal Bulletin "Post Your Post If you wish to express your opinion. Search here you canto do the search for materials on the keywords you set. The introductory address of Theodor Danailov Dechev, candidate for mayor of Sofia - Sofia Municipality on behalf of the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party (BSDP) We (the candidates)!Zagora)! Why in the local elections' 2023 in Radnevo Municipality to select the Local Coalition "The Bulgarian Social Democratic Party (Agricultural People's Union)" and No. 68? "Copyright www.bsdp.bg.All Right Resivet.Template