SiafuroKids PreSchool Location Admission Form Contact Us Contact Us Address: SIAFURO KIDS, Hno: 2-1-55, JP Road and Canal Road, Revenue Ward No 2, Behind Malabar Gold, Bhimavaram-534202. Call us: 916919204, 9169169205 Mail: Siafurokids@gmail.com Mon-Fri: 9:00 am – 5:00 pmSat: 11:00 am – 16:00 pm Home About Us Programs Gallery Contact Us Admissions are open Where work and play come together Why SIAFURO preschool The most vital period in a child's brain development is between the zero to six years. We expertise in taking the holistic approach in nurturing a child's physical, intellectual, cultural, emotional and psychological aspects. There would be a concern in dumping too much on children at these tender age only with scholastic approach and ignoring the level of stress they are carrying through. Our model is taken from the most developed countries which have taken the approach of integrated educational method ensuring the child enjoys learning. Yes, indeed your child will enjoy learning having fun at our school. read more We provide the main activities Areas of developmental focus: • Social Development • Cognitive Development • Emotional Development • Physical Development : Large/Gross motor skills; Small/Fine motor skills • Communication and language Development • Creativity Development Literacy Math Sport Art Gardening Excursions Outdoor SIA's Curriculum Gardening Through school gardens students learn to work the land and create awareness about the importance food, agriculture and environment protection and beautifying the place. The importance of better nutrition in students and can incorporate lessons on healthy eating. Sport Taking part in sports reduces stress and enhances kids' moods. It builds healthy bones and muscles, increases fitness, improves sleep, helps them socialize, improves their cooperation skills, boosts self-confidence and lowers the risk of getting obese. Art Kids will love designing and creating puppets and collages, constructing musical instruments and flower bouquets, and painting, gluing, and crafting to their hearts’ content! Excursions Excursions form a vital part of a child’s early education. They expose a child to a range of different experiences and enable them to gain a sense of the world in which they find themselves. Outdoor Our children benefit from a variety of outdoor play spaces. In addition to our playground, they experience the natural wonders of the forest, the big field, our raised gardens and nature walks. Math A preschool math curriculum should be taught using preschool lessons including interactive activities, learning games, printable worksheets, assessments, and reinforcement. Literacy A systematic and integrated literacy program promote language development preschool children. The program uses systematic, direct instruction built around a series of weekly books in the classroom. We Create a Nurturing Environment for Each Child A creative environment to give excellent value addition to a child with all balance of physical, mental, educational activities which will bring in positive vibes for its future.The child learn at ease when the education method is so children friendly. We ensure the child's physical and health safety is catered without any compromises when they in class rooms, play area, dining, gardening and toilet areas.We constantly communicate and discuss with parents as they are our partners in a child's development and growth. Comprehensive Teaching Staff: Well trained and matured staff to handle all curriculum with comprehensive teaching methodology. Each teacher is trained to handle scholastic subjects, personal hygiene, spots, cooking, art, gardening etc. Our staffs are trained to handle basic healthcare for children of both genders. Qualities we ensure are to - Develop self-confidence in children - Encourage child, never criticize - Inspire the child - Impartial to all children - Promote all-round development of children - Impart moral values and values of life - Prepare well before each class-hour - Incorporate good communication kills and discipline - Take the responsibility as friend, teacher and guide - Develop good interpersonal relationship between teacher & children SIA's Objectives Image of the child Teachers help the child to discover what is already in them as wisdom through, observation, clarification and invitation to explore the environment around them. Positive Discipline Children motivate themselves by seeing and learning Do's than much of Dont's. We help children to discipline by positive methods than any punishments. This school has zero policy on spanking. Environment is important We like to work and play in attractive surroundings so our buildings are clean, relatively tidy, and pleasing to the eye. The outdoor environments are large, have colourful and interesting gardens, and a variety of activities. Our experienced team strives to offer a creative and engaging environment and the opportunity for children to learn, grow, and thrive. Quick Links Home About us Programs Gallery Contacts Our Contacts Address: SIAFURO KIDS, Hno: 2-1-55, JP Road and Canal Road, Revenue Ward No 2, Behind Malabar Gold, Bhimavaram-534202. Call us: 9169169204, 9169169205 Mail: Siafurokids@gmail.com Mon-Fri: 9:00 am – 5:00 pmSat: 11:00 am – 16:00 pm © 2020 SiaFuroKids International School. All Rights Reserved by Superbia Follow us: