Best CA Coaching | CMA Coaching classes | Coimbatore | Tamilnadu +91 95000 61633 / 97897 93300 / 98424 24341 chezhiyan2007@gmail.com Home About Courses Achievers Gallery Contact HOME About Courses Achievers Gallery Contact Best academy award for CA CMA ACS coaching in Coimbatore received from actress Sunaina and chamber of commerce – Coimbatore. View Courses Education Needs Complete Solution Welcome to “Cheziyan Academy – Coimbatore” The renowned Institute to learn CA/CMA/ACS courses View Courses Both CA and CMA intermediate classes will commence on 25th Jan 2024 Why Chezhiyan Academy? ? Our greatest asset is Dr U. Ilanchezhiyan M.Com, PGDBM, DAA, CA, ICWA, ACS (inter), MBA, CMA our Chief Educational Director who gives his heart, soul and mind for this institute. He has dedicated himself for this Institute and for the students. His passion is to ensure the students of CA / CMA and ACS to understand the subject clearly. He has been steering our Institute by his perfect teaching of the tough subjects in such a clear , simple , understandable methods and by helping our students to understand the lessons perfectly and score high marks in the exams. Learn Now Why Chezhiyan Academy is so special Institute to learn CA/CMA/ACS courses If you have been looking a CA or CMA Course in Coimbatore , then look no further . You have landed in the Best CA Coaching Institute at Coimbatore. We have been earning the name Best coaching centre for CA in Coimbatore for several years. Chezhiyan Academy offers the best Chartered Accountancy and CMA Courses in Coimbatore. Our students have been and are still our RATING AGENCY who have been constantly rated us as the Best Academy for CA and CMA courses in Coimbatore. The speciality of Chezhiyan Academy is that we are capable of training the best minds , the best bright students . At the same time we have found that we are even more good in training the students who think they are not “Best minds” , (while they are actually the best minds) who are afraid about their own great abilities to study the Chartered Accountancy (or) CMA courses. The other speciality Chezhiyan Academy is that Dr U. Ilanchezhiyan M.Com, PGDBM, DAA, CA, ICWA, ACS (inter), MBA, CMA our Chief Educational Director who have been steering our Institute by his perfect teaching of the Tough subjects in such a clear , simple , understandable methods that helps our students to understand the lessons perfectly and helping them to score high marks in the exams. The other speciality Chezhiyan Academy is that our students are placed in high positions all over the world. Our other great achievement is that our students are placed in high positions all over the world. Browse All Courses IMPORTANT FACTS Students 1500+ Current Batch 150+ Rank Holders 250+ Countries 26+ Testimonials from our students Media coverage of Chezhiyan Academy Our students express their true feelings about the teachings and how they got out of their fear after joining Chezhiyan Academy and how they are confident now to complete the course successfully. The popular TV Channel covered Chezhiyan Academy and our teaching classes and the students. Advantages of Chezhiyan Academy Classes handled by well specialised professors. Friendly environment between staff and student. Student performance observed by conducting unit tests. Simplified study material will be provided to the students for all the subjects. Placement assistance after examination. Chezhiyan Academy Pathway to Growth The Academy focuses on right attitude and conceptual clarity, the aim being to produce hi- success students… consistently!! The dedication and commitment of the Faculty Members, who are experts in each area of study, has richly contributed to the Academy’s amazing results and accolades. Chezhian Academy Achievement Gallery DR. U. ILANCHEZHIYAN presenting seminar in Anandha college - Devakottai. R. U. ILANCHEZHIYAN is honoured with shawl in Arumugam Pillai seethayammal clollege - Tirupathur DR. U. ILANCHEZHIYAN lighting lamp in maharani arts & science college - Dharapuram DR. U. ILANCHEZHIYAN releasing magazine in maharani college - Dharapuram Chezhiyan Academy signing mou with krishna adithya college for CA & CMA - Coimbatore A group photo with CA/CMA achievers in kasc - Coimbatore DR. U. ILANCHEZHIYAN presenting orientation on CA/CMA/CMS programme in krishna adithya college - Coimbatore DR. U. ILANCHEZHIYAN participatedin education fair DR. U. ILANCHEZHIYAN receiving doctorate Best academy award for CA/CMA/ACS coaching in Coimbatore received from actress Sunaina and champer of commerce chairman More... Niveditha I started my professional career here. Dr U. Ilanchezhiyan takes wonderful class. I have completed CMA. I will finish my CA foundation and going for my CA Inter. Whenever Dr U. Ilanchezhiyan takes class , he not only teaches the subject but also solving the problem professionally so that we understand it fully and perfectly Dr U. Ilanchezhiyan classes will very interesting. If you are looking for professional course , then Chezhiyan Academy is the right choice. Because there is good teaching i joined CMA foundation course. Now i passed out CMA foundation and now i am in CMA Inter. I am getting knowledge about the subject only now. I was very much hesitant professional course before i joined here. Now i feel i can pass. Even the other teaching faculties will teach us line by line. That is the speciality of Chezhiyan Academy In our academy we just don’t study for exams. We study conceptually so that we can face the exams boldly. Its not just an academy, but something very close to my heart. I am also someone who randomly joined this academy. But today i can proudly say i am doing something very interesting. I am grateful to Dr U. Ilanchezhiyan sir and i am happy to be a part of this academy. Keerthana My name is Keerthana from Bangalore. I took Biology in College so i had no knowledge about accountancy when i came here. Initially i was fed up and was even crying when i joined here. I was feeling i did not take the right decision. Dr U. Ilanchezhiyan sir used to teach very conceptually. Now i started liking accounts. Chezhiyan Academy provides specialized coaching and classroom training to the aspirants of CA, ICMA, ACS programmes, since 2001. GET IN TOUCH No.64, Ganesh Nagar 2nd Street, Bharath Electronics & Appliances Backside, GN Mills, Coimbatore - 641029, Tamilnadu. +91 95000 61633 / 97897 93300 +91 98424 24341 chezhiyan2007@gmail.com Quick Links About Courses Achievers Gallery Contact Map Copy right © 2023 chezhian academy - Web Design - hosted & promoted by Nissi Infotech Style Switcher Select Layout Boxed Wide Chose Color Chose Pattren Chose Background