Ibn Rushd College - the main English Arab, the main academic programs, undergraduate programs, master's programs, admission and registration, submit an application for admission to the Bachelor's program. Submit an application for admission to the master's program. Latest tweets. Latest news.Scientific and continuous development. Teaching distinguished business management. Educational activities that are in line with the ethics of the Islamic religion.Educational philosophy The college focuses on the approach of the balance between the theoretical and academic side and the practical practical side through three stages: the first stage: the focus is on teaching the basic skills and knowledge. The second stage: the focus is on advanced skills and knowledge through application and field training in the facilities thatIt is related to the college’s specialties in the private sector. The third stage: the focus is on teaching administrative curricula from the academic dimension.The total academic accreditation is licensed by the Ministry of Education according to the letter of innocence of accreditation No. (1/35/17781) dated 04/04/1420 AH and the Ministry's speech No. (131903) dated 12/25/1434 AH.Our vision and message. Our vision is looking forward to being the best business college in the Kingdom in preparing future leaders and entrepreneurship.Our mission is to provide high -quality academic programs at the local and regional levels, and to participate in the implementation of advanced research in the field of business administration, and active participation in the development of the local community.We also strive to develop students to be successful leaders who are able to make valuable contributions to their society, and to provide excellent educational opportunities that adhere to Islamic values and traditions.Academic programs undergraduate programs based on one of the most important degrees around the world and the most demanding in the labor market ,,, Ibn Rushd College designed a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration and Administrative Information Systems according to the curricula of the most prestigious American and European universities to keep pace with developments and requirementsTo contribute effectively to passing the challenges of industrial and commercial administrative fields.Learn about the undergraduate programs for master's programs based on the belief of Ibn Rushd College for Administrative Sciences of the need to contribute to advancing the national development in the field of education in a way that coincides with global developments, the college offers a master’s degree in Business Administration, which aims to meet the needs of all sectors in the Kingdom of qualified human cadres.Scientifically and practically in various fields of management to successfully lead the organizations in light of a business environment characterized by intense competitiveness.Therefore, this program was designed according to the latest international standards to serve the requirements of the labor market.Learn about Master programs Higher Diploma Programs. There is no content. Learn about high diploma programs. Visitor Services. Submit an application for admission to the Bachelor's program. Submit an application for acceptance for the Higher diploma program. Submit an application for acceptance for the Master’s program. College News. View all news 2022-03-08.03-08 Opening the door of university admission 2023-08-13 intensive diplomas for three months. View all news college news.Higher diploma contacts the college headquarters, communicate with technical support, communicate by phone © All rights reserved 2024 for Ibn Rushd College