Home - UTV Custom Fan Shop Skip to content Home About Us Shop Gallery Contact Us Menu Home About Us Shop Gallery Contact Us $0.00 0 Cart Menu Home About Us Shop Gallery Contact Us $0.00 0 Cart UTV CUSTOM FAN SHOP We Make Custom Overhead Fans For Your UTV. Priotity Shipping We ship daily with UPS for fast and efficient delivery. Count on us to get your package on its way promptly! Customer Support We're here to help! Contact us anytime with your questions, and we'll be happy to assist you. Plug And Play Easy installation! Our overhead fans come pre-wired and ready to connect to the buss bar. Enjoy a cool, comfortable ride in no time. Supported Brands CLICK PICTURES BELOW TO VIEW THE PRODUCT PAGE Kawasaki Polaris Honda Yamaha Can-Am CFMoto John Deere Hisun Strike Mahindra Retriever Customer Gallery VIEW GALLERY Customer Reviews Carl Read More We received our overhead fan today, First off was how well it was packed, Once we got it opened I was impressed on how well it was built. Someone put a lot of effort into designing this. I like the fact that it hangs from the rubber clamps and doesn’t touch the ROP. Speaking with Dave, He designed it that way so there was less vibration on the fans. The fans are balanced perfectly and produce a lot of wind. Can’t wait to get out on the trail with this new bad boy. Pete Read More Awesome product! A must have in summer for heat and dust here in the south. I believe the initial set was damaged in shipping. Y’all know how they do… Dave responded immediately and called me. He sent a replacement out that day and overnighted for me to recieve before I could even send the other one back. I had an event to attend and was wanting these installed prior and he made it happen regardless of the issue. Carlos Read More That’s the best customer service you could ask for. Very rare in this day & age and very much appreciated. If you don’t have this product, you need one and this is the place to get it and you can be assured you will be satisfied. If not, there is an actual person named Dave that will make it right. Copyright 2023 © UTV Custom Fan Shop