Shushruthi Group admissions@shushrutigroups.com 08660091825, 080- 29609333 ( Landline) Adminssions Admission Requirements Download Brochure Download Application Form Enquiry Now Courses GNM Nursing BSc Nursing PBBSc Nursing MSc Nursing B Ed MBA Placements Gallery Contact Us Welcome to Shushruti Group Of Institutions Apply Now Affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) Apply Now Recognised by Govt. of Karnataka Apply Now Greetings Shushruti Group of Institutions offers a unique environment where the students become empowered through learning and numerous other curricular and co-curricular opportunities”. Shushruti Group of Institutions is one of the best places to study. It has lush green campus and a great infrastructure where students find steppingstone for their career. The faculty members of department of management studies come with rich academic and industry experience to mold the future of young entrepreneurs. I wish my students a happy and joyous learning during their stay at Shushruthi group of institutions. Shushruti group of institutions believes in unfolding the brighter wings of pedagogy to the budding students. All my best to you. Shri N Srinivasa Murthy Chairman, Shushruti Group of Institutions Bangalore Our Courses Shushruti Group of Institutions aspires to inspire students and scholars to achieve excellence. GNM Nursing GNM referred as General Nursing and Midwifery it deals with the education of nurses in general health care Read more BSc Nursing BSc Nursing is a 4-year undergraduate course, divided into 8 semesters that aims to provide... Read more PBBSc Nursing Post Basic Bachelor of Science in Nursing admissions is an undergraduate Nursing course. Read more MSc Nursing M.Sc Nursing is a post-graduation degree course that comes under healthcare. Read more MBA SIMS is a premier institute offering a Two-year full-time MBA program – Approved by AICTE, Ministry of HRD, Govt. Read more B Ed SIMS is also offering B Ed Program Affiliated to Bangalore University. Read more Shushruti Group of Institutions offers a unique environment where the students become empowered through learning and numerous other curricular and co-curricular opportunities” Shushruti Group of Institutions is one of the best places to study. It has lush green campus and a great infrastructure where students find steppingstone for their career. The faculty members of department of management studies come with rich academic and industry experience to mold the future of young entrepreneurs. I wish my students a happy and joyous learning during their stay at Shushruthi group of institutions. Shushrurti group of institutions believes in unfolding the brighter wings of pedagogy to the budding students. All my best to you. Dr. K. Chardrashekhara Managing Director, Shushruti Group of Institutions MA., M.Ed., M.Phil., Ph.D., D.LITT, S-Set Read More Variety Challenge Excellence The norms, requisites and standards of educating the leaders of tomorrow are changing dynamically. 5 + Courses 50 + Experienced Teachers 1200 + Students Possibilities Usefull Links Adminssions Placements Gallery Contact Us Courses GNM Nursing BSc Nursing PBBSc Nursing MSc Nursing B Ed MBA SHUSHRUTI GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS #68, Andrahalli Main Rd, Shushruti Nagar, Bengaluru, 560058 08660091825 080- 29609333 ( Landline) admissions@shushrutigroups.com © 2022 All rights reserved by Shushruthi Group. Designed & Developed by Jhari Advertising Enquiry Now!! --Select Course-- GNM Nursing BSc Nursing PBBSc Nursing MSc Nursing B Ed MBA Eligibility Must have passed 10+2 Pre University or equivalent with English as an optional subject. (Preference will be given to science candidates). A candidates should have secured minimum of 40% in the previous course. Minimum & maximum age for admission will be 17 years & 35 years respectively. Documents required during the time of admissions are as follows: S.S.L.C/Xth Standard Marks Cards (Original+ 3 attested copies). IInd PUC/XII Standard Marks Cards (Original+ 3 attested copies). Transfer/School leaving Certificate from Previous (Original+ 3 attested copies). Examination Students shall have board examination at the end of each year. Minimum pass marks shall be 50% in each of the theory and practical separately. Internal tests will be conducted periodically to evaluate the student's performance in each subject. The average marks will be sent to the board as internal assessment, for both theory and practical. A model exam will be conducted before the board examination. To prepare the students to face the annual exam. Students must secure 80% attendance in theory and 100% attendance in practical to get eligibility to appear for the examination. Carry over system: The benefit of carry over system is extended to the students of Diploma Nursing course. The candidates shall complete all the subjects of first year before appearing for third year examinations. Own Hospital Facility Highly Qualified Staff Bank facility within campus with ATM Canteen facility inside campus Campus interview assistance Remedial classes 100% Placement Special Features : Highly Qualified Staff Digital Library Well equipped Laboratory Modern Infrastructure Study Tour for every Year / Semester Hospital Facility in side Campus Hostel Facility for girls & boys Separately Canteen Facility Eminent personalities Guest Lectures Wifi - Campus Recognition Affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) Recognised by Govt. of Karnataka Approved by Karnataka Nursing Council (KNC) Approved by Indian Nursing Council (INC) Eligibility Must have passed 10+2 Pre University or equivalent, which is recognized by Rajiv Gandhi Health Sciences, Bangalore with Physics, Chemistry and Biology as the main science subjects. Minimum marks for eligibility in the above subjects in aggregate should be 45%. However it is relaxable to not less than 40% to reserved categories (Scheduled Caste or scheduled tribe). Candidate must have completed 17 years of age on or before 31st December of the year of admission. Candidate must be able to speak, read and write English well. Physical fitness certificate must be produced at the time of admission. However on admission health checkup and physical examination will be done at our Jayashree multispecialty Hospital. Documents required during the time of admissions are as follows: S.S.L.C/Xth Standard Marks Cards (Original+ 3 attested copies). IInd PUC/XIIth Standard Marks Cards (Original+ 3 attested copies) Transfer/C.L.C Certificate from Previous (Original+ 3 attested copies). Migration Certificate (Original+ 3 attested copies). Character Certificate from the previous institution (Original+ 3 attested copies). The Candidates coming from out of state must obtain eligibility certificate from Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, Bangalore. SC/ST/OBC Certificate (applicable only if it is attested). Examination The university shall conduct two examinations annually at an interval of not less than 4 to 6 months as notified by the university from time to time. A candidate who satisfies the requirement of attendance, progress and conduct as stipulated by the university shall be eligible to appear for the university examination. Minimum pass marks shall be 50% in each of the theory and practical separately. Internal assessment tests will be conducted periodically to evaluate the student's performance in each subject. The average marks will be sent to the university as internal assessment, for both theory and practical. A model exam will be conducted before the university examination. Carry over system: The benefit of carry over system is extended to the students of Diploma Nursing course. The candidates shall complete all the subjects of first year before appearing for third year examinations. A minimum of not less than 80 % attendance in theory and practical / clinical separately in each subject in each academic year is essential for appearing in the examination. A candidate pursuing in the course shall study in the college for the entire period as a full time student. No candidate is permitted to work in a hospital / nursing home / laboratory / college while studying this course. No candidate should join any other course of study or appear for any other examination conducted by this university or any other university in India or abroad during the period of registration. Own Hospital Facility Highly Qualified Staff Bank facility within campus with ATM Canteen facility inside campus Campus interview assistance Remedial classes 100% Placement Special Features : Highly Qualified Staff Digital Library Well equipped Laboratory Modern Infrastructure Study Tour for every Year / Semester Hospital Facility in side Campus Hostel Facility for girls & boys Separately Canteen Facility Eminent personalities Guest Lectures Wifi - Campus Recognition Affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) Recognised by Govt. of Karnataka Approved by Karnataka Nursing Council (KNC) Approved by Indian Nursing Council (INC) Eligibility Must have passed 10+2 Pre University or equivalent, which is recognized by Rajiv Gandhi Health Sciences, Bangalore with Physics, Chemistry and Biology as the main science subjects. Minimum marks for eligibility in the above subjects in aggregate should be 45%. However it is relaxable to not less than 40% to reserved categories (Scheduled Caste or scheduled tribe). Candidate must have completed 17 years of age on or before 31st December of the year of admission. Candidate must be able to speak, read and write English well. Physical fitness certificate must be produced at the time of admission. However on admission health checkup and physical examination will be done at our Jayashree multispecialty Hospital. Documents required during the time of admissions are as follows: S.S.L.C/Xth Standard Marks Cards (Original+ 3 attested copies). IInd PUC/XIIth Standard Marks Cards (Original+ 3 attested copies) Transfer/C.L.C Certificate from Previous (Original+ 3 attested copies). Migration Certificate (Original+ 3 attested copies). Character Certificate from the previous institution (Original+ 3 attested copies). The Candidates coming from out of state must obtain eligibility certificate from Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, Bangalore. SC/ST/OBC Certificate (applicable only if it is attested). Examination The university shall conduct two examinations annually at an interval of not less than 4 to 6 months as notified by the university from time to time. A candidate who satisfies the requirement of attendance, progress and conduct as stipulated by the university shall be eligible to appear for the university examination. Minimum pass marks shall be 50% in each of the theory and practical separately. Internal assessment tests will be conducted periodically to evaluate the student's performance in each subject. The average marks will be sent to the university as internal assessment, for both theory and practical. A model exam will be conducted before the university examination. Carry over system: The benefit of carry over system is extended to the students of Diploma Nursing course. The candidates shall complete all the subjects of first year before appearing for third year examinations. A minimum of not less than 80 % attendance in theory and practical / clinical separately in each subject in each academic year is essential for appearing in the examination. A candidate pursuing in the course shall study in the college for the entire period as a full time student. No candidate is permitted to work in a hospital / nursing home / laboratory / college while studying this course. No candidate should join any other course of study or appear for any other examination conducted by this university or any other university in India or abroad during the period of registration. Own Hospital Facility Highly Qualified Staff Bank facility within campus with ATM Canteen facility inside campus Campus interview assistance Remedial classes 100% Placement Special Features : Highly Qualified Staff Digital Library Well equipped Laboratory Modern Infrastructure Study Tour for every Year / Semester Hospital Facility in side Campus Hostel Facility for girls & boys Separately Canteen Facility Eminent personalities Guest Lectures Wifi - Campus Recognition Affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) Recognised by Govt. of Karnataka Approved by Karnataka Nursing Council (KNC) Approved by Indian Nursing Council (INC) Eligibility In order to get admission in the course, candidates must have to fulfil the eligibility criteria for M.Sc. Nursing. Candidates must know that the criteria may change from institution to institution. But, we have mentioned the common requirements for the course below. Candidates must have pursued a B.Sc. (Bachelor in Science) degree in a relevant discipline. The subject should be from Science stream. Candidates must have been awarded the degree from a recognised university. The minimum required scores for different universities vary. For some institutions, candidates will have to qualify National Level/ State Level/ Institute Level entrance examinations to get admission in M.Sc. Nursing. Documents required during the time of admissions are as follows: Marks card of the qualifying examination (BSc Nursing certificate). SSLC marks card (with date of birth). Transfer/C.L.C Certificate from Previous (Original+ 3 attested copies). Migration Certificate (Original+ 3 attested copies). Character Certificate from the previous institution (Original+ 3 attested copies). The Candidates coming from out of state must obtain eligibility certificate from Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, Bangalore. SC/ST/OBC Certificate (applicable only if it is attested). Examination The university shall conduct two examinations annually at an interval of not less than 4 to 6 months as notified by the university from time to time. A candidate who satisfies the requirement of attendance, progress and conduct as stipulated by the university shall be eligible to appear for the university examination. Minimum pass marks shall be 50% in each of the theory and practical separately. Internal assessment tests will be conducted periodically to evaluate the student's performance in each subject. The average marks will be sent to the university as internal assessment, for both theory and practical. A model exam will be conducted before the university examination. Carry over system: The benefit of carry over system is extended to the students of Diploma Nursing course. The candidates shall complete all the subjects of first year before appearing for third year examinations. A minimum of not less than 80 % attendance in theory and practical / clinical separately in each subject in each academic year is essential for appearing in the examination. A candidate pursuing in the course shall study in the college for the entire period as a full time student. No candidate is permitted to work in a hospital / nursing home / laboratory / college while studying this course. No candidate should join any other course of study or appear for any other examination conducted by this university or any other university in India or abroad during the period of registration. Own Hospital Facility Highly Qualified Staff Bank facility within campus with ATM Canteen facility inside campus Campus interview assistance Remedial classes 100% Placement Special Features : Highly Qualified Staff Digital Library Well equipped Laboratory Modern Infrastructure Study Tour for every Year / Semester Hospital Facility in side Campus Hostel Facility for girls & boys Separately Canteen Facility Eminent personalities Guest Lectures Wifi - Campus Recognition Affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) Recognised by Govt. of Karnataka Approved by Karnataka Nursing Council (KNC) Approved by Indian Nursing Council (INC) Eligibility Degree Documents required during the time of admissions are as follows: Degree Certificate SSLC marks card (with date of birth). Transfer/C.L.C Certificate from Previous (Original+ 3 attested copies). Migration Certificate (Original+ 3 attested copies). Character Certificate from the previous institution (Original+ 3 attested copies). SC/ST/OBC Certificate (applicable only if it is attested). Own Hospital Facility Highly Qualified Staff Bank facility within campus with ATM Canteen facility inside campus Campus interview assistance Remedial classes 100% Placement Special Features : Highly Qualified Staff Digital Library Well equipped Laboratory Modern Infrastructure Study Tour for every Year / Semester Hospital Facility in side Campus Hostel Facility for girls & boys Separately Canteen Facility Eminent personalities Guest Lectures Wifi - Campus Recognition Affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) Recognised by Govt. of Karnataka Approved by Karnataka Nursing Council (KNC) Approved by Indian Nursing Council (INC)