Home - Austwise (02) 9808 3166 michaeltodd@austwise.com.au Home About Us Services News Videos Resources Contact Austwise Tax & Investment Services Accountants Registered Tax Agents Financial Advisers Mortgage Brokers & Real Estate Agents Michael Todd Australian Financial Services No: 239 197 Australian Credit Licence No: 389 173 Michael Todd Real Estate Agent No: 200 176 44 (NSW) A2M : $5.75 ▲ AFI : $7.35 ▼ AGL : $8.70 ▲ AIA : $7.52 ▼ ALD : $38.01 ▲ ALL : $45.87 ▼ ALQ : $12.59 ▲ ALU : $65.18 ▼ ALX : $5.29 AMC : $14.13 ▲ ANZ : $28.85 ▲ ARG : $8.78 ▼ ASX : $65.79 ▲ AZJ : $3.83 ▲ BEN : $9.84 BHP : $44.18 ▼ BKW : $30.38 ▲ BLD : $6.09 ▼ BOQ : $6.07 ▲ BRG : $26.83 ▲ BSL : $21.20 ▼ BXB : $15.40 ▲ CAR : $35.26 ▼ CBA : $117.97 ▲ CGF : $6.65 ▲ CIA : $7.70 ▼ COH : $337.30 ▲ COL : $16.36 ▼ CPU : $25.62 ▲ CSL : $281.38 ▼ CSR : $8.83 CWY : $2.57 DMP : $46.09 ▲ EBO : $34.00 ▼ EDV : $5.22 ▲ EVN : $3.19 ▼ FLT : $20.65 ▲ FMG : $25.62 ▼ FPH : $22.80 ▼ GQG : $2.17 ▼ HVN : $4.89 ▼ IAG : $6.20 ▼ IEL : $18.71 ▼ IFT : $9.83 ▲ IGO : $7.55 ▼ IPL : $2.72 ▲ JBH : $59.35 ▼ JHX : $61.25 ▲ LYC : $5.77 ▼ MEZ : $5.47 ▼ MIN : $63.16 ▼ MPL : $3.81 ▲ MQG : $192.94 ▲ MTS : $3.80 ▲ NAB : $34.01 ▲ NEM : $51.19 ▼ NHC : $4.75 ▲ NST : $14.08 ▼ NWL : $19.46 NXT : $16.67 ▼ ORG : $8.66 ▼ ORI : $16.92 ▼ PLS : $4.05 ▼ PME : $98.30 ▼ PMV : $29.15 ▼ QAN : $5.06 ▼ QBE : $16.86 ▼ QUB : $3.22 REA : $181.57 ▼ REH : $27.93 ▼ RHC : $55.89 ▲ RIO : $123.07 ▼ RMD : $27.33 ▼ RWC : $5.51 ▼ S32 : $2.89 ▼ SDF : $5.77 ▲ SEK : $26.04 ▼ SHL : $28.05 ▼ SOL : $34.56 ▼ SPK : $4.71 ▲ SQ2 : $114.94 ▼ STO : $7.14 ▼ SUN : $15.29 ▼ SVW : $40.00 ▼ TLC : $5.04 ▲ TLS : $3.81 ▲ TLX : $11.74 ▼ TNE : $16.42 ▼ TPG : $4.67 ▼ TWE : $12.09 ▼ VEA : $3.50 ▼ WBC : $26.85 ▲ WDS : $30.38 ▲ WES : $65.15 ▼ WHC : $7.09 ▲ WOR : $16.67 ▼ WOW : $32.60 ▲ WTC : $93.00 ▼ XRO : $132.18 ▼ YAL : $6.26 ▲ Established over 30 years, Austwise offers extensive knowledge and experience to a diverse range of clients and industries in West Ryde, NSW. Welcome Learn more about how the team at Austwise can help you with your business accounting and financial needs. Our team can help you get you generate and protect your wealth. Let Austwise Find The Right Solution For You! At Austwise Tax & Investment Services, we are here to listen with care, and then we find the right financial solution for you. With over 30 years experience, you can rest assured that you will receive the most professional and reliable information and assistance from Austwise. Maximize your tax refund/ pay later/ full tax deductibles / competitive rates Small business specialist Take control of your super fees and the investment of your super The Right Team of Qualified Professionals The Austwise Tax & Investment Services Team consists of accountants, registered tax agents and financial advisers. We have been operating very successfully for over thirty years. Our team consists of fully experienced and qualified accountants and financial advisers. Institute of Public Accountants Registered Tax Agents Taxation Institute of Australia Australian Institute of Management Accredited Member of Finance Brokers Association The National Tax and Accountants Association SMSF Association Financial Planning Association (FPA) Our Financial advisor will be Michael Todd (Principal/ Licensee). His Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) licence number is 239197. Mr Todd has 30 years of experience in Financial, Taxation and Accounting Services. Austwise Tax & Investment Services is registered Tax Agent and Public Accountant, Certified Financial Planning and SMSF specialist Advisor. Financial Services Guide - Michael Todd We work with you in determining future strategies that will bring success Our Services Learn more about how our team can help you with your business and personal accounting and financial planning needs. Learn More Tax & Accounting We offer a broad range of accounting and taxation services to sole traders, businesses, organisations and individuals. Learn More Financial Planning Financial planning is about developing strategies to help you manage your financial affairs and meet your life goals. Learn More Self-Managed Super Fund Take control of your retirement strategy with a Self Managed Superannuation Fund, we are here to help you meet your obligations and make the most of your superannuation. Learn More Wealth Creation Develop strategies to help you manage your financial affairs and meet your short-term and long-term financial goals. Learn More Finance Assess your financial position with us and you can take years off the duration of your loan and own your property quicker. Learn More Bookkeeping Services It is the vital part of your accounting process, ensuring that your financial information is up to date and accurate. Let us do your bookkeeping while you focus on your business. Learn More Property Investment When it comes to property investment, there's no shortage of information available about what budding investors should do in order to ensure success. Learn More Retirement Planning If you're thinking about retirement, it's important to consider where you'll get the money you'll need to live on, and set up a plan to make it last. We ensure your accounting and tax compliance is lodged on time Latest News Read the latest from the Austwise news desk in both the Accounting and Financial Planning sectors. Accounting News Small businesses may ‘collapse under strain of payday super’, IPA warns Existing issues within the SG system must be rectified before the government proceeds with the new changes, the IPA says. Read More ATO’s hands tied with scrapping on-hold debts, expert says The Tax Office lacks power under current laws to do anything about the wildly unpopular scheme despite plans to review its approach, according to a UNSW professor. Read More What Drives Your Business Growth and Profits? Every business owner wants to grow their business and their profits. Read More Australian Taxation Office (ATO) shifting to firmer debt collection activity The ATO has flagged a return to more aggressive debt collection actions after seeing a trend of profitable businesses that have the capacity to pay their tax debts but are actively choosing not to do so. Read More Why employee v contractor comes down to fine print The task of worker classification has been a long-running point of contention but the Commissioner’s response to recent court cases suggests a written contract is king. Read More Sharing economy reporting regime for platform operators Individuals participating in the sharing economy should be aware that transactions for supplying taxi travel/ride sourcing and short-term accommodation are now required to be reported under the sharing economy reporting regime (SERR). Read More Countries producing the most solar power by gigawatt hours Check out the countries that produce the most solar power. Read More Illegal access nets $637 million The ATO has found $637 million of superannuation savings has left the system due to illegal early access carried out through SMSFs. Read More Accessing superannuation benefits. Common conditions of release include the fund member having reached preservation age and retired, or commenced a transition-to-retirement income stream; ceasing an employment arrangement on or after the age of 60; being 65 years old even though they haven’t retired; or having died. Read More Read more Accounting News Financial Planning News Illegal access nets $637 million The ATO has found $637 million of superannuation savings has left the system due to illegal early access carried out through SMSFs. Read More Trustee decisions are at their own discretion: expert A trustee doesn’t need to show reasons why they made a decision, they will only need to show they followed a proper decision-making process, says a specialist legal adviser. Read More Regular reviews and safekeeping of documents vital: expert Keeping track of all documents relating to an SMSF trust deed is important if an estate planning issue arises, says an industry expert. Read More Latest stats back up research into SMSF longevity and returns: educator There was a dramatic decrease in the number of SMSF wind-ups from 2018 to 2023, indicating that the SMSF sector is outperforming APRA funds in both returns and customer satisfaction, says a leading educator. Read More Investment and economic outlook, February 2024 Region-by-region economic outlook and latest forecasts for investment returns. Read More Planning financially for a career break A pause in super contributions can have long-lasting effects. Here's how to plan ahead for super breaks. Read More Could your SMSF do with more diversification? Australian Tax Office Office data shows a high percentage of SMSFs are lacking portfolio diversification. Read More Countries producing the most solar power by gigawatt hours Check out the countries that produce the most solar power. Read More Labor tweaks stage 3 tax cuts to make room for ‘middle Australia’ Following years of mixed messaging, Labor has bowed to economic pressure and announced changes to its stage three tax cuts. Read More Read more Financial Planning News Our clients are more than just customers. We treat each business like our own and leave no stone unturned to make their goals, our goals. Educational Videos Watch our video series to learn more about the value of getting accounting advice, financial planning, how it applies to common life events and how we can help you. Read More Accounting Videos Read More Financial Planning Videos Client Resources Login to our Secure Client Portal or enjoy the links to FREE tools and calculators supplied by MoneySmart. Login Secure File Transfer Secure File Transfer is a facility that allows the safe and secure exchange of confidential files or documents between you and us. Read More General Calculators Powered by ASIC's MoneySmart, these FREE calculators can help give you direction and motivate you to achieve your financial goals. Read More Useful Links We've compiled a broad range of useful links for your use. These include a various of topics such as taxation, software, Government agencies and media. Our greatest assets are our clients. We treat each client as if they are our only one. Contact Us We'd love to get in touch and we welcome any enquiry that you may have Get in Touch Austwise welcomes your enquiry. To book an appointment or simply ask us a question, fill in your details and we'll be in touch soon! Our Office Suite 34, 99-101 Anzac Avenue (Corner Victoria Road), West Ryde NSW 2114 (02) 9808 3166 (02) 9808 3368 michaeltodd@austwise.com.au Postage Address PO Box 181, West Ryde NSW 2114 Payment Options Your Name Email Address Phone Number Your Enquiry Company General Advice Disclaimer: The information/advice provided on this site is General Advice Only. It has been prepared without taking into account any of your individual objectives, financial situation or needs. Before acting on this advice you should consider the appropriateness of the advice, having regard to your own objectives, financial situation and needs. © Copyright 2024 Austwise Tax & Investment Services. All Rights Reserved. Site by AcctWeb Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Tax & Accounting Austwise offers a comprehensive range of taxation and accounting solutions for both businesses and the individual. Let us help you take control of your financial future. Our team are committed to offer the highest level of service and welcome the opportunity to work with you. Concentrate on running your business and let us take care of all your business taxation requirements: Business & company tax returns Bookkeeping Taxation - GST & PAYE advice BAS preparation Hadleys can liaise with the ATO on your behalf Auditing advice & audit insurance Regular meetings – we listen to your needs. We also complete tax returns for individuals. They can be complex and there are allowable tax deductions and expense claims that can be made that you may not be aware of. We can help you minimise your payable tax and potentially increase your tax return and make sure your tax return is lodged on time. We also offer advice on: Investment properties, tax and negative gearing Tax & share investments HELP (higher education loans) debts Late tax returns – we can help. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Financial Planning Financial planning is determining how an investor is going to meet their goals and objectives. It is about helping clients define their goals, gathering information and analysing data to make a plan, then implementing the plan and monitoring the results. It is also monitoring and updating goals and objectives as clients move through different phases of life. 'Failing to plan is planning to fail.' It's a cliché but when it comes to investing money, setting and then attaining long term financial objectives, then it makes a lot of sense to have a plan. Also, history shows time and again that the sooner you can start the better the outcomes. Attaining long term objectives is better served by setting some short term goals. For example, such milestones might be set for 1-3 years, then 4-6 years and then 7+ years. However, just having a plan isn’t enough. It needs to be regularly revisited and amended accordingly. Like the initial drafting of a plan the ongoing monitoring can be complex, increasingly so due to an increasing number of rule and regulation changes. We can help you manage this complexity and provide ongoing monitoring. Our primary aim is to help you attain your financial objectives. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Self Managed Super Funds Self-Managed Superannuation Funds (SMSFs) offer an alternative strategy option for many individuals, families and small business owners to build tax effective wealth and protect assets over time. SMSFs are becoming popular for those who are ready to take control of their own super investments as they give you ultimate control and flexibility to manage your retirement benefits. It must be noted though, that you will have increased responsibilities as a trustee of the fund. As a SMSF Trustee, you need to keep up to date with all required SMSF regulations and be aware of changes occurring in financial markets. We can work with you to understand your personal financial situation and decide whether a SMSF structure is appropriate for you. We will also help you to invest your assets in the most effective way to maximise your retirement benefits, whilst complying with your fund’s investment strategy. It is generally agreed that there are a number of benefits of an SMSF, but it is important that you also understand that an SMSF may not suit your situation. Outlined below are some of the reasons why a SMSF needs to be considered carefully before establishment: Benefits: Control - trustees make the investment decisions; Asset allocation – trustees are in control of asset allocation decisions, as well as issues related to borrowing; Tax strategies – trustees have control of tax strategies and other planning options; Transparency – your SMSF provides you transparency concerning investments and visibility and control of taxation treatment as a result of investment decisions taken within the fund; Cost – expenses of running and administering a SMSF fund are not based on a percentage of the value of the fund, but more on the time needed to prepare reports and address relevant compliance matters; Disadvantages: Running and managing a SMSF may not be suitable to everyone. Many of the advantages are also a disadvantage: Costs may be relatively high where the asset balance in the fund is insufficient to generate economies of scale due to the fixed costs of running the fund. There can be too much flexibility for prudent investing and the fund’s assets must remain within its Investment Strategy. Remaining on top of trustee responsibilities is complex and will require an investment of your time. Poor personal knowledge of the investment landscape can have serious consequences. Should you wish to consider establishing a SMSF then we can help with: Portfolio creation, providing research and recommendations on investments for the fund. Ongoing Portfolio Reporting Services, assisting with ongoing investment management of the fund, including corporate actions and share purchase plans. Referrals to professionals who can assist with the accounting and audit requirements of the fund, providing support with the compliance burden on you as Trustee. Asset sales and contribution strategies to maximise the benefit you achieve through the fund. Pension advice including reference to the legislative requirements helping you meet your obligations as a Trustee and manage the fund effectively on an ongoing basis. Superannuation contribution and ongoing strategy support, utilising legislation to build a solid retirement benefit. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Wealth Creation Wealth creation takes time and planning. Of course, there are the lucky ones who just seem to become wealthy. However, for the rest of us it requires planning, dedication, and time – the more time the better. On the other hand, we have to live and that costs a lot of what we earn. The cost of living means most delay planning to develop their wealth until well into their adult years which, unfortunately, leaves them with too much to do in too short a time if they’re to attain their financial goals. Many don’t attain these goals but seeking professional help early on in your life journey is where to start. The longer this help is available then all the better for covering short term needs such as school fees and holidays, medium-term goals such as paying off a mortgage, while always keeping your eye on the long-term goals that will help you enjoy a quality retirement. The most important step to financial freedom is to have a Financial Plan! Many people leave this until it’s too late in life. Not having a plan equals less choice in your later years, causing much stress and anxiety in your family relationships that could be well avoided if only you had a good financial plan in place. How to start: STEP 1: Clear all your non-mortgage debts Put a budget in place and live within your means ... Check out the budget planner on www.moneysmart.gov.au STEP 2: Build up your savings Once your non-mortgage debt is under control, start a disciplined saving habit, here's how: Invest regularly in a high interest savings account Set up a regular direct debit or BPAY into a high interest savings account. You’ll hardly miss the money and watch it grow. Salary sacrifice to super For your long-term retirement savings, begin to salary sacrifice to your super; super is a very tax-effective means for savings. STEP 3: Speak to a qualified Financial Planner Markets are global and changing all the time. It is difficult for an unqualified person to understand the benefits of tax-effective savings and super contributions, never mind how to invest in managed or listed funds. This is where a qualified Financial Planner will help you personalise a plan that will see you transition from now into your retirement. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Mortgage Broking Are You Confused By The Multitude of Mortgage Choices? The word mortgage come from a French word ‘mort’ meaning ‘death’ and ‘gage’ meaning ‘pledge or agreement’ so ‘agreement till death’. For most of us mortgages are a necessary debt which we seem a life time to pay. The cost of owning a house for most Australians steals away their dream for a good retirement. Unfortunately most of us are married to our mortgages and have no solution as to how to pay it off faster. We have been conditioned to focus on the interest rate rather than being educated on how to pay less in interest. A good broker is one who is proactive and can tell you how much can on ‘leverage’ to maximise your current position. Unfortunately with mortgages, there is no one size fit all. The Austwise team is dedicated to find you the best solution. We pride ourselves on our industry knowledge as we ourselves have mortgages, investments and can advise you with personal experience. Our experience ranges from residential mortgages to chattel lending and our team is confident that we will find you a solution for you. Unlike most business we are not jack of all trade as we engage other independent mortgage broker to keep up with industry knowledge and product range. Our mortgage advisory services include: Home loan pre-approval Securing home loans from major lenders and banks Stamp duty advice Investment property loans Purchasing off the plan Bridging finance Construction loans Loans for self-employed clients Commercial & business loans Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Bookkeeping Having trouble reconciling your accounts? Not enough hours in the day to balance the books? Outgrown your existing bookkeeper or have they recently left? Then our outsourced bookkeeping services can provide accurate and timely reporting for any business. You can focus on running your business while Austwise reconciles your accounts and attends to the processing of your financial transactions. Our outsourced bookkeeping services can: Accounting software Payroll (and related aspects of superannuation, WorkCover and PAYGWH) Accounts payable Accounts receivable General ledger BAS/IAS Inventory Document management. Maybe you would like to be able to receive payments on the spot? Austwise can assist with this option. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Property Investment Austwise can make sure your dreams become a reality. Buying your own home is often the first significant investment you will make. Purchasing another property may well be the second investment people will make even before shares and other assets. Our objective is to help our clients make safe investment property decisions that create wealth for the long term. Austwise has partnerships with many respected property agents and research firms. This enables us to source suitable properties for individuals, couples and families looking to make an investment into property. Like any form of business, property ownership can be less than hoped for. However, rental income, gearing, purchase, borrowings, management, appropriate structures, and advice are how Austwise can help clients who own commercial and residential investment properties. Our aim is to ensure such investments generate the appropriate returns. We assist in a variety of ways: Advice on funding Advice with purchasing Cash flow analysis of property investment Guidance in tax related areas including negative gearing and capital gains tax Advice on ownership structures Preparation of initial land tax returns and land tax variation returns Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Retirement Planning Retiring on your own terms is not always easy to achieve, however it is evident that those who plan for retirement are more likely to do so. Results also show that obtaining professional help during the pre-retirement years further improves the probability of attaining your retirement objectives. The earlier you start implementing a plan the better the outcomes. During one’s working life there is always an income to make ends meet when raising children, paying off a mortgage, and myriad other lifestyle costs. Retirement planning is about the lifestyle you will have after you stop work and receiving employment income. Planning focuses on issues such as how much superannuation is enough, taking a super pension, claiming the Age Pension, making superannuation contributions while receiving a pension from a super fund, estate planning and looking after your family. Planning properly is becoming even more important now we are expected to live longer. This greater need means that professional help has never been more important as well. At Austwise Financial Services, we will provide the time and expertise needed to help you implement the best financial strategy possible. Contact us today to discuss how we can work together. Start getting the support you need and book a consultation with one of our team members today. Call us on (02) 9808 3166 or make an enquiry via email at michaeltodd@austwise.com.au and one of our staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Contact Us Accounting Videos Financial Planning Videos Secure File Transfer Secure File Transfer is a facility that allows the safe and secure exchange of confidential files or documents between you and us. Email is very convenient in our business world, there is no doubting that. However email messages and attachments can be intercepted by third parties, putting your privacy and identity at risk if used to send confidential files or documents. Secure File Transfer eliminates this risk. Login to Secure File Transfer below, or contact us if you require a username and password. Username: Password: General Calculators Useful Links