Tile & Grout Repair Company Long Island, NYC & Florida (407)494-7347 Orlando, FL Home Kitchen & Bathroom Renovations in Florida Tile & Grout Restoration Our Work Color Seal and Re-grout Locations Orlando, FL Alafaya, FL Winter Park, FL Contact Us Blogs Menu Menu FacebookPinterestInstagram Titanium Home Revival Florida Home Renovation & Repair Professionals Request a quote About Titanium Home Revival HOME RENOVATIONS & REPAIR IN FLORIDA Call for Free Estimates: Florida: (407) 494-7347 Formerly Titanium Grout Lines Florida, Titanium Home Revival is the leading company for reliable and professional renovation and restoration services in Florida for both residential and commercial buildings. Serving the following areas in Florida: Orlando, Winter Park, Winter Garden, Windermere, & Clermont. Titanium Home Revival has become the top choice for all restoration tasks, from simple to complex. Request a quote Locally owned and operated, Titanium Home Revival is highly knowledgeable, professional and trained to perform the job to the highest of quality and integrity. The services provided by the top Florida home renovation company, span the realm of high-end renovation and restoration along with tileand grout installation and additional restoration services. Request a quote OUR SERVICES If you are in need of kitchen or bathroom renovations, tile installation, or grout sealing and cleaning in Central Florida, call Titanium Home Revival for unmatched services and professionalism! We proudly offer home renovation services for homes in Florida, in the Orlando, Winter Park, Winter Garden, Windermere, and Clermont areas. KITCHEN RENOVATIONS We offer professional kitchen renovation and remodeling services for homeowners looking to refresh their kitchen. Whether you are renovating your existing kitchen or your kitchen for a new build our team can help. Contact Florida’s best kitchen remodeling regrouting, Titanium Home Renovations for your kitchen renovation needs today throughout all of central Florida. TILE INSTALLATION Titanium Grout Lines has been installing tile in Florida. We’ve installed ceramic, porcelain, glass, stone, granite, marble and Saltillo tile in homes and businesses throughout Florida on bathroom, kitchen, patio and interior floors. We offer tile installation, replacement and repair services. BATHROOM REMODELING We offer professional bathroom renovation and remodeling services for homeowners looking to update their bathrooms. From new tile installation to a complete remodel our team can help. Contact Florida’s best bathroom remodeling regrouting, Titanium Home Renovations for your bathroom renovation needs today throughout all of central Florida. WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT? TILE AND GROUT REPAIR FLORIDA Before restoring grout and tile, it is hard to imagine what a drastic impact it will make to the appearance of your home, office or building. However, with the help of Titanium Grout Lines, the appearance of the tile and grout will be improved significantly. Our procedures are guaranteed to renew, restore and protect your tile and grout. Our cleaning and restoration processes will ensure the test of time. We are fully licensed and insured to guarantee top quality work and reliability. If you need tile and grout restoration in Florida, do not hesitate to call Titanium Grout Lines today! Request a quote Request a Quote Today! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Phone Number *Email *Location *Message *Submit HOME OUR WORK SERVICES CONTACT © 2022 Titanium Grout Lines All Rights Reserved | Site by Mimvi | LMS FacebookPinterestInstagram Color Seal and Grout Services: Florida Tile Installation and Replacement Services: Florida Professional Tile & Grout Cleaning : Florida Scroll to top This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn more×Cookie and Privacy Settings How we use cookies We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer. Essential Website Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site. We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain. We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings. Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab. Click to enable/disable essential site cookies. Google Analytics Cookies These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience. If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking. Other external services We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. Google Webfont Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts. Google Map Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Maps. Google reCaptcha Settings: Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha. Vimeo and Youtube video embeds: Click to enable/disable video embeds. Other cookies The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie. Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie. Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie. Privacy Policy You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. Accept settingsHide notification only