The Luxury Trains India | Luxury Train Travel | Indian Luxury Trains The Luxury Trains India Home About us Luxury Trains Semi Luxury Trains Special Offers Contact Us +44 2081231664 +91 9871148514 ☰ The Luxury Trains India If you are tired of spending your vacation in resorts and hotels then you should try a vacation on wheels. The idea of enjoying on a train while it takes you to beautiful places is refreshing and unique. From Delhi to Mumbai, from architectural beauties to scenic mountains and beaches, from exotic birds to boat rides these tours have it all, with luxurious amenities and lip smacking delicious food on the wheels. These well planned tours will give you maximum time to spend in the locations covered by the train within a stipulated time. The rail tours transform the tiring travel to a pleasant stay while you travel. The Palace on Wheels, Royal Rajasthan on Wheels, The Indian Maharaja, Deccan Odyssey and the Golden Chariot are some suggested tours which cover various parts of North as well as South India. With luxurious compartments, multi cuisine restaurants and spas for rejuvenation, these rail tours will be no less than a stay at any resort or hotel. So pack your bags and hop on these trains to redefine your holiday experiences! Palace on Wheels Come aboard on one of the world’s finest luxurious rail journeys! Operating since 1984, the Palace on Wheels is the finest ways to cruise through a land rich with heritage, culture and hospitality. With two dining cars, 14 salons, a well-stocked bar and personalized service, the Palace on Wheels is the royal way to enjoy the beauty of India. Read More Royal Rajasthan on Wheels Rajasthan is the land of mighty kingdoms, majestic forts, beautiful culture and vibrant colours. The Royal Rajasthan on Wheels is a once in a lifetime chance to experience the land of regal splendor. The train weaves its way through the beautiful cities of Delhi, Jaipur, Bikaner, Jaisalmer, Jodhpur, Udaipur, Chittaurgarh, Bharatpur and Agra- the heart of the land of the Rajputs. Read More The Golden Chariot You are about to embark on a truly intriguing journey through the majestic state of Karnataka, which is also known as the Cradle of Stone Architecture. The Golden Chariot train is named after the famous stone chariot in Hampi, a world heritage site in Southern India and it will take you on a voyage through the everlasting historical heritage sites, the magnificent palaces, wildlife and glorious beaches. The 7 nights /8 days journey begins every Monday from Bangalore and takes you through Mysore, visiting Srirangapatna and the Mysore Palace, the Nagarhole National Park in Kabini, on to Shravanbelagola, Belur (the world heritage site boasting Hoysala architecture), Halebidu, Hampi, on to the triangular heritage sites of Badami, Pattadakal, Aihole and finally to the sunny, sandy beaches of Goa, before returning to Bangalore. Read More Deccan Odyssey The luxurious Deccan Odyssey takes you through a weeklong tour of the land of the great Marathas, giving you a chance to experience firsthand, the glorious legends, the enchanting history and the rich cultures of the state of Maharashtra. It includes several exotic destinations – Mumbai, Nashik, Ellora Caves, Ajanta Caves, Kolhapur, Goa, Ratnagiri, and back to Mumbai.The tour is an unforgettable journey into the magnificent past of this proud state. Read More Maharajas Express India is the largest democracy in the world and is rich in cultural heritage. India offers many splendid sights to tourists from round the world. Every state has its own prominent destinations and specialities. The tour surprises attribute the tourist experience in the magnificent journey to India. Every state has its own endless fairy tales, immortal legends and great infrastructure.Indian Maharaja, a week long journey via Super Luxurious Train to major destinations of India was started by Indian Maharaja. The Train journey starts from the land of Marathas, Mumbai to the capital city, Delhi and covers the famous destinations of Northern India like Aurangabad, Agra, Sawai Madhopur, Jaipur and many more. Tourists can chose either Mumbai or Delhi to start their journey. Book your tour package for Indian Maharaja now. Read More CORPORATE OFFICE 409, 4th Floor, Jyoti Shikhar Building, Janakpuri District Center, New Delhi - 110058 (India) | E-Mail: info@memorableindia.com | Phone: +91-9871148514 Home About us Luxury Trains Semi Luxury Trains Special Offers Contact Us ©Copyright, Memorable India Journeys pvt.Ltd. || All Rights Reserved || Privacy Policy