Home - Kreston Stanley Williamson Home - Kreston Stanley Williamson Skip to content Home About About Company Our Team Our History Dream Business LifeCycle Our International Reach Services Tax and Accounting Bookkeeping and Payroll International Business Finance and Lending Private Client Services Audit and Assurance Business Advisory Transaction and Advisory Financial Planning and Superannuation Client Industries and Specialties CASE STUDIES TESTIMONIALS Careers Life at KrestonSW Why Work With Us Vacancies Contact Resources Newsletters Articles Useful Links and Calculators FAQs Book Consultation Home About Our Firm Learn more about our firm and who we are Our Team Meet the people behind our clients' successes Our History Learn about our long history and industry experience Dream Business Lifecycle Where are you in your DREAM™️ Lifecycle Our International Reach Kreston Global combines 170 firms in 120 countries worldwide Services Tax and Accounting Make tax easy with compliance, planning and preparation of financial statements Bookkeeping and Payroll Ease the burden and free up time with our bookkeeping and payroll services International Business Looking at doing business in Australia or expanding internationally from Australia? Finance and Lending Business finance and business loans made simple Private Client Services Manage your finances now – and when you’re no longer around Audit and Assurance Peace of mind for all stakeholders with professional audit and assurance services Business Advisory Build the business you really want with our business advisory services Transaction and Advisory Evolve and accelerate your business with our transactions and advisory services Financial Planning and Superannuation Design your future wealth with our financial planning and superannuation accounting services Clients Industries and Specialties Our industry verticals and what we specialise in Case Studies Learn how we help our customers at their entire business lifecycle Testimonials Listen to what our customers have to say about us How once struggling furniture importer can now focus on running successful business? Read Case Study Careers Life At KrestonSW See what it’s like to work at KrestonSW Why Work With Us Join one of Sydney’s most established accounting firms Vacancies Check out our current vacancies and apply today Contact Resources Free Resources Newsletters The latest industry news, updates and info. Articles Learn how our customers are making big changes. Useful Tools Handy business tools and calculators for your needs FAQs Answers to all your questions about us or how we can help Latest Articles KSW Insight Newsletter | February 2024 Doing Business in Europe – A Definitive Guide Selling Your Business? Proper Planning Will Ensure You Minimise the CGT on Sale No posts found Read All Articles Book a Call +61 2 9923 2666 Accounting and advisory services for businesses that are serious about growth Whatever stage of the business life cycle you’re at, we help you move to the next Discover How Where are you in your DREAM Business Lifecycle™️? It's all about progress. Whatever stage of the business you are in, Kreston Stanley Williamson can help you progress to the next. Support and advice at every stage of business growth is what we offer. Learn more Design It’s a long journey from a business idea to an actual real-world business. We help you decide if it’s possible to get there. Business Plan Forecast Feasibility Structuring Tax Advice Realise You decide that the business idea is feasible. We help you set the wheels in motion for the long journey ahead by creating a strong business foundation. Bookkeeping Compliance Insurance Finance Tax Planning Company Setup Evolve The business is evolving. You need to ensure that the right people, processes and procedures are all in place and that you’ve minimised risk. Employment HR Business Advice Mentoring and Coaching Audit and Assurance Management Accounting Technology Accelerate Growing pains are normal but businesses with big aspirations are prepared to take the tough steps to accelerate growth into the future. Growth Strategies Valuation Exit Strategies Sale of Business Estate Planning Superannuation Financial Planning Mature Is it time to exit or pass on the business? If so, do you want to invest and build further wealth or start again with another business? Growth Strategies Valuation Exit Strategies Sale of Business Estate Planning Superannuation Financial Planning D R E A M Services Grow your business faster with the right advice Tax, accounting, audit and business advisory services for every stage of the business life cycle Tax and Accounting Audit and Assurance Bookkeeping and Payroll Business Advisory International Business Transaction and Advisory Finance and Lending Private Client Services Company Helping Australian companies grow since 1969 Our founding partner, Bill Stanley, started out offering accounting and tax services in Sydney in 1969. Over half a century later his legacy remains a big part of our firm. Highly skilled team Over the decades, we’ve grown into a celebrated firm of accountants, tax consultants, and business advisors, providing tailored solutions with a forward-thinking approach that clients can relate to and easily understand. 140 years of experience Our five partners now have over 140 years’ combined experience to help you build your dream business. Global presence with local insight We are part of Kreston Global, an international advisory and accountancy network of 170 firms in 120 countries worldwide. If you want to expand internationally, we have the support to help you succeed. Read More 170 member firms 6 continents 120 countries Solving the business problems you never expected to face Here are some examples of how business owners successfully overcame their challenges to achieve their desired results with our guidance and expertise. Our Customers Get Started How a MD of an engineering firm dealt with an ATO investigation, all because of their previous accountant? Read case study How a once-struggling furniture importer can now focus on running a successful business… Read case study How did a health professional start to manage his business with more certainty, precision, and control? Read case study How did one IT business owner prepare for a dream retirement by selling the business? Read case study Kreston Stanley Williamson can manage our audits all over the world. It’s so convenient. Read case study We had ambitious plans to grow internationally and were guided every step of the way Read case study We need an accounting firm that understands business – that’s what we get with Kreston Stanley Williamson Read case study Latest Articles View all posts KSW Insight Newsletter | February 2024 February 2024 | VOLUME 187KSW Newsletter for Clients and Associates of Kreston Stanley Williamson Doing... Doing Business in Europe – A Definitive Guide If you’re considering expanding your business, Europe might just be the next frontier. With ‘Doing... Selling Your Business? Proper Planning Will Ensure You Minimise the CGT on Sale Since 1999, tax planning measures have been implemented to support the small business community by offering... What Happens to My SMSF if I Lose Capacity? Earlier this month the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) released its September 2023 quarterly SMSF report... KSW Insight Newsletter | January 2024 January 2024 | VOLUME 186KSW Newsletter for Clients and Associates of Kreston Stanley Williamson ASIC’s... Celebrating Michael Goodrick's 40th Anniversary at Kreston Stanley Williamson This month marks a significant milestone for Kreston Stanley Williamson (KSW) as we celebrate the 40th... ASIC's Focus Areas for 31 December 2023 Reporting ASIC has released its areas of focus for Companies preparing and lodging financial reports for the full... Selling Your Business with an Earn-Out: The Tax Implications to Watch Out For! It is common in the sale of a business for there to be some type of earn out arrangement, whereby some... KSW Insight Newsletter | December 2023 December 2023 | VOLUME 185KSW Newsletter for Clients and Associates of Kreston Stanley Williamson What... 24 Reminders & Tips for Your SMSF in 2024 With just a few more days until we farewell 2023, here are some reminders and tips to ensure your SMSF... View all posts Process The next steps Start your journey towards achieving your business goals by allowing us to offer you quality accounting and advisory solutions with a transparent, no-surprises fee structure. Initial Consultation To take the next step, please schedule a consultation. Get in Touch Needs Analysis Whether you have more complex challenges, or need bookkeeping. We share knowledge to discover your needs and identify first steps. Get in Touch Scope & Proposal We provide a detailed scope of what the first project between us will entail. We are upfront about our costs so you have no hidden surprises Get in Touch Onboarding We have developed a smooth onboarding process over the years so we can get started right away. Get in Touch Questions about our service? If you're interested to learn more about working with us, please enter your email address below, and a member of our team will contact you shortly. Email Submit We care about your data in our privacy policy. Book a complimentary discovery consultation Join thousands of businesses already growing with Kreston Stanley Williamson. Book Now Advisors for your future Resources Careers Contact Privacy Disclaimer Resources Careers Contact Privacy Disclaimer Level 1, 34 Burton Street, Kirribilli NSW 2061 © 2023 Kreston Stanley Williamson. All rights reserved. Linkedin Facebook Pin It on Pinterest