Rotomaan Automations Pvt Ltd Survey Number - 747/2C3, Dasarapalli, Poonapalli Post, Hosur - 635114, Tamilnadu, India. Behind Dooth Transmissions Pvt Ltd Email: sales@rotomanindia.com 24/7 Phone Services +91 94424 35514 Home About Us Services Products Dosing Mixtures Splice and Turret System Tape detection System Web Length Monitoring Inspections System Viscosing Controller Mecatronics Web Handling Automation and Control Panels Projects Events Company Infrastructure Exhibition Gallery Careers Contact Us Get A Quote Home About Us Services Products Dosing Mixtures Splice and Turret System Tape detection System Web Length Monitoring Inspections System Viscosing Controller Mecatronics Web Handling Automation and Control Panels Projects Events Company Infrastructure Exhibition Gallery Careers Contact Us sales@rotomanindia.com No.3, 3rd Main Road, Kumaran Nagar, Behind Railway station,Hosur – 635109. Krishnagiri Dt. TamilNadu, India. Home About Us Services Products Dosing Mixtures Splice and Turret System Tape detection System Web Length Monitoring Inspections System Viscosing Controller Mecatronics Web Handling Automation and Control Panels Projects Events Company Infrastructure Exhibition Gallery Careers Contact Us ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD - leading instrumentation and control system integrator offering technical solutions and services. Learn More ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD - leading instrumentation and control system integrator offering technical solutions and services. Learn More Intro Video Watch ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD - leading instrumentation and control system integrator offering technical solutions and services. Learn More Intro Video Watch About Us Our Company WELCOME TO ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD Leading Instrumentation and Control system integrator offering technical solutions and services, covering a wide range of industries and applications including the following services: ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD company began with the goal of providing automation solutions and consultancy services for erection, installation and commissioning of the instrumentation panels for flexible packaging industry and textile industry with the team of expertise. 15+Years of Experience INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION SOLUTIONS The Automation Division offers turnkey integrated Industrial Automation Solutions Read More TURNKEY PLC/SCADA SOLUTIONS We take full responsibility for the engineering, procurement of control hardware and instruments, Read More ELECTRICAL & CONTROL PANEL ASSEMBLY We have the in-house capability to design and build all types of control panels as well as electrical panels Read More DRIVES AND MOTOR REPAIR CENTER Dedicated team to carry out drive repair with facility to repair at end user site. Read More 15+ Years of Experience 502+ Projects Completed 120+ Employees Working 12+ Projects Running OUR COMPETENCIES 01.Process Knowledge Being a commissioning service provider gives us the ability to have the upper hand in the process knowledge and using that knowledge in the design and implantation of our automation solutions. We are not just a System Integrators; we know and work to learn your process requirements in and out and we customize our solutions based on that knowledge. 02.Industrial Domain Knowledge Familiar with automation and information systems applications used at plant floor and at the enterprise levels. 03.Software Engineering We utilize modular software design approach that deal with each piece of equipment as a Module. That software module is engineered, tested, implemented in accordance with the highest engineering standards. We document our software to the smallest details which makes it easy for our clients to understand our software, makes dealing with software glitches easier and more predictable. We do not just Cut-n-Paste software from project to project; we actually engineer solution utilizing fully-proved software modules. Reduced cost through variety of working models including standardized-modular technology that can be modified and reproduced. Focus on building long term relationships by achieving the highest levels of customer satisfaction. OUR FAQ We follow the following six phase approach to execute our projects: 01.Analysis Analysis: During this phase we understand the requirements of the user and the scope of the project, plan for the project resources and prepare the budget and schedule. These elements form the basis of the project, and the source against which progress will be measured. 02.Design Design: The phase where engagement policies are finalized and counter-signed by both the parties. The project lead works intensively with the client to understand the requirements of the project. They also agree on a desired solution and the architecture or process to be followed for development. 03.Implementation Implementation: The phase when the actual project is carried out including the procurement of controls hardware and instrumentation, control panel fabrication, and software development. During this phase, the project plan is revisited in order to ensure that timelines are met and are within the budget of the project. This also helps to escalate any issues to the concerned parties. 04.Factory Testing Factory Testing: Before the final product is delivered to the client, it is tested by the Project team in order to ensure that all the requirements and standards are met. 05.Field Installation Field Installation: If required by the customer, we carry on all field installation of our control panels, instrumentation, and electrical panels including the controls and network field cabling and containment system. 06.Commissioning & Field Testing Commissioning & Field Testing: It is the actual deployment of the product at the client site. This phase is carried out in accordance with the testing and commissioning protocol developed by the project team. ROTOMAAN AUTOMATIONS PVT LTD - leading instrumentation and control system integrator offering technical solutions and services. Location Corporate Office : Survey Number - 747/2C3, Dasarapalli, Poonapalli Post, Behind Dooth Transmissions Pvt Ltd, Hosur Tamil Nadu, 635114 Works : Survey Number - 747/2C3, Dasarapalli, Poonapalli Post, Behind Dooth Transmissions Pvt Ltd, Hosur Tamil Nadu, 635114 Quick Links Home About Us Services Products Projects Events Careers Contact Us Get in Touch sales@rotomanindia.com support@rotomanindia.com +91 99017 57572 +91 94424 35514 Copyrights © 2024. Rotomaan Automations Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Designed & Developed by Sai Techno Solutions.