HOME | My Site 1 top of pageABC GULF COAST TERMINALHOMEABOUTSERVICESTANKERSCONTACTLog InLEADERS IN GULF COAST PETROLEUM TRANSPORTSERVICESABC GULF COAST TERMINALSSTRATEGIC LOCATIONStrategically located on Gulf of Mexico near the Navigation Canal, ABC Gulf Coast terminals offers quality solutions to the South-Western Texas markets and also provides a springboard to the South American and the Mexican fuel markets.SOPHISTICATED TERMINALSWe have this sophisticated terminal system via multiple sister locations, which serves the bulk liquid and specialty chemical and petroleum industry in the South-Western Texas and logistically favored access to Central American and South American fuel Markets.TANKERSThe location by the Gulf of Mexico near Navigation Canal in Texas makes the terminal easily accessible for sea-going tankers and barges, railcars, tank trucks, and pipelines. Each of the ship docks can handle vessels up to 75,000 dwt with drafts of up to 42 feet, and the sites are equipped with broad rail tank car and road tank truck handling facilities, as well as bulk liquid transloading services. ABOUTTANKERSABC Gulf Coast Terminal offers tanks with marine, railcar and tank truck accessibility, automatic compensation systems, and advanced control system. ​ ​ The location by the Gulf of Mexico near Navigation Canal in Texas makes the terminal easily accessible for sea-going tankers and barges, railcars, tank trucks, and pipelines. The ship docks that we use can handle vessels up to 75,000 dwt with drafts of up to 42 feet, and each of the sites are equipped with broad rail tank car and road tank truck handling facilities, as well as bulk liquid transloading services. ​ There are also options for our use of lightering larger vessels using barges and smaller vessels for loading and loading into our storage facilities. ​ ​ ​ABOUTTRANS-LOADINGTransloading is a logistical solution for customers seeking alternative means of transferring products from one mode of transportation to another, while maintaining strict product stewardship in a safe and efficient manner. This operation allows for expedited shipments in a cost-efficient manner by avoiding tank storage and reducing or eliminating detention and demurrage of equipment.ABOUTTERMINALS ABC Gulf Coast Terminal has affiliates and working interest in multiple locations primarily on the Texas Gulf Coast. As a result, we have a net access of up to five million barrels of net storage via this series of joint venture sublet relationships which enable our blending and storage of crude oil and petroleum distillates. ​ ABC Gulf Coast Terminal has excellent pipeline, rail and ocean tanker access to all these other locations where we have secondary storage, and we have construction underway to expand our primary location. ABOUTCAPABILITIESABC Gulf Coast Terminal has affiliates and working interest in multiple locations primarily on the Texas Gulf Coast. As a result, we have a series of expanded capabilities so that our services and fees include as follows: ​ Excess tank turns ​ ​ Non-controlled: (no vapor control mechanism) ​ ​ Documentation ​ ​ Controlled: (vapor control mechanism in place to control vapors) ​CONTACTCONTACTInquiriesFor any inquiries, questions or commendations, please call: 956-538-1566 or fill out the following formContact UsFirst NameLast NameEmailSubjectMessageSubmitThanks for submitting!Head Office15801 R.L. Ostros Road Brownsville, TX 78521 info@ABCGulfCoastTerminal.com Tel: 956-538-1566 Fax: 956-338-5850Get a quote: 956-538-1566© 2035 by ABC GULF COAST TERMINAL. Powered and secured by Wixbottom of page