Fundraysia ... featuring proven eco-fundraisers! - Healthy & Profitable Fundraising Access a fundraiser Cart (0) 0 Menu Menu Home About Us About Fundraysia How we are different How It Works How It Works Starting a Drive Running a Drive Customised Webshop Drive Products View Products Eco Basics Fundraiser Good to Grow Fundraiser Good to Grow Carrypack Fundraiser Fundraising Ideas Fundraising Ideas For Schools Early Learning Centre Fundraisers Corporate Gifts & Office Fundraising Raising Money for Clubs & Organisations Templates & Downloads Testimonials FAQs Latest News/Blog Contact Us Call Us (Toll Free)1800 815 005 Email Usservice@fundraysia.com.au Or connect on Social Media × Access a fundraiser To access a specific fundraiser, please enter the fundraiser access code below and click "Access a Fundraiser". Access a Fundraiser HELPING COMMUNITIES FUNDRAISE SINCE 1989! Fundraysia … featuring proven eco-fundraisers! Fundraising has never been this easy for your group with our range of eco-friendly and sustainable products - better for you, your family and the environment! Start a fundraiser Have an access code? Access a fundraiser 30% profits! More funds for your group. No upfront costs Pay at the end of your drive* Free product shipping Delivery is free for orders over $300. Free custom webshop Sell fundraising products online! How it works Learn how easy it is to set up and run a fundraiser with Fundraysia. Read More Starting a fundraiser Access resources and templates to help you make your fundraiser a huge success. Read More Our Products Browse our fundraising product range and order online. Read More FREE Online Fundraising Webshop Discover the easiest way to fundraise with our proven webshop option. Read More Or see how your webshop could look by clicking “ACCESS A FUNDRAISER “and typing “DEMO”. Access a fundraiser Who can benefit from one of our fundraisers? We work with people and organisations such as schools, children’s centres, charities, community groups, sports clubs and businesses. Our products are specially designed to make it easy to raise funds. People will appreciate being able to help your school or organisation by buying fundraising products that are better for their health and good for the community. Schools We have worked with schools of all sizes throughout Australia. No school is too big or small to run a successful fundraiser with us and we have different products for different times of the year. Read More Business Fundraysia products are not only popular with social clubs - but can also be used for corporate or staff gifts! Our socially responsible and eco-friendly fundraising products will satisfy your most discerning stakeholders! Read More Clubs & Organisations We work with a vast range of groups and clubs throughout Australia, including but not limited to, scout groups, sports clubs, community groups, individuals and charities. Whether your group is looking for a healthier fundraiser, or just something a little different, our product range has you covered. Read More Early Learning Early Learning centres all over Australia enjoy our wide range of fundraising products. We understand that not all early learning organisations are the same so have a number of options available for you for different times of the year. Read More Want to fundraise? Request Information About Fundraysia Our goal is simple - to contribute to a better world by helping schools, groups and clubs raise funds through healthy, family friendly fundraising in a socially responsible and sustainable way. Fundraysia has been providing fundraising products and services to schools, sporting, social and community groups since 1989 across Australia. And now we are proud to launch an exciting new range of products which will help you reach your fundraising goals sooner and be better for you and the environment! © 2024 Fundraysia. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Returns Policy