064-410162, 9851216791 – campusbheemodaya@gmail.com 064-410162, 9851216791 campusbheemodaya@gmail.com About Us Message From Chief Message From Chairman Academic Program Bachelors of Business Studies (BBS) Bachelors of Education (B. Ed) Facilities Library Facilitated Class Rooms Parking Experienced Qualified Lectures Internship in Bank and Institutions Faculty Member Photo Gallery Teachers Day 2021 Contact Us News & Events Notice Downloads [contact-form-7 id="156" title="Enquiry Form"] Bheemoday Campus Introduction Active Observation and Recording About Us Message From Chief Message From Chairman Academic Program Bachelors of Business Studies (BBS) Bachelors of Education (B. Ed) Facilities Library Facilitated Class Rooms Parking Experienced Qualified Lectures Internship in Bank and Institutions Faculty Member Photo Gallery Teachers Day 2021 Contact Us News & Events Notice Downloads SKIP Message From Advisor Message From Campus Chief Message From Chairperson Dr Krishna Kumar Shrestha Bheemodaya Multiple Campus established in 2007, is located in Arughat Bazar Gorkha. Based on the experience of teaching from class 1 to 12, Bheemodaya Secondary School, one of the oldest schools in Gorkha and Dhading Districts has been contributing in quality education since six decades and produced thousands of good students. They have served the […] Read More Prof. Dr. Birendra Pudasainee Message from th Campus Chief Respected Guardians & My Dear Students, First of all, on behalf of Bheemodaya Multiple Campus, I would like to extend my hearty congratulation and cordial wishes for the marvelous future to those students who have recently opened the gate for studying the higer education by passing the +2 level. Considering […] Read More Mr. Ganesh Kumar Shrestha अभिभावकज्यूहरु एवम् विद्यार्थी भाइ बहिनीहरु ⁄ भीमोदय क्याम्पस दिन प्रतिदिन आफ्नो शैक्षिक यात्रालाई गतिशील एवम् गुणात्मक तुल्याउन प्रयासरत छ । हामीले यहाँ पढाइ हुने विषयहरु अध्ययन गर्न सहर जानै नपर्ने गरी क्याम्पसलाई सुव्यवस्थित गरेका छौँ । क्याम्पसप्रति समुदायको अपनत्व उत्तरोत्तर बढ्दै छ । यो गैर मुनाफामूलक सामुदायिक क्याम्पस भएकाले यसको बहुआयामिक उन्नयनमा सम्पूर्ण सरोकार पक्ष […] Read More Our Facilities Facilitated Class Rooms We have facilitated learning is where the students are encouraged to take more control of their learning process. The lectures’ role becomes that of a facilitator and organiser providing resources and support to learners. Content Need to Updated Read More Parking Parking is the act of stopping and disengaging a vehicle and leaving it unoccupied. Parking on one or both sides of a road is often permitted, though sometimes with restrictions. Some buildings have parking facilities for use of the buildings’ users. Countries and local governments have rules for design... Read More Experienced Qualified Lectures Experienced Qualified Lectures Content need to be uploaded Read More Internship in Bank and Institutions Content need to be uploaded Read More Library A library is a collection of materials, books or media that are accessible for use and not just for display purposes. A library provides physical (hard copies) or digital access (soft copies) materials, and may be a physical location or a virtual space, or both. A library’s collection can... Read More Facilitated Class Rooms Parking Experienced Qualified Lectures Internship in Bank and Institutions Library Latest News & Blog Bheemoday Campus August 16, 2022 Welcome to BMC Bheemodaya Multiple Campus (BMC) established in 2007 AD under the affiliation of Tribhuvan University, is a community-based non-profit oriented educational institution. It is one of the pioneer and renowned colleges of Gorkha district. It is an academic centre for the underprivileged and destitute students of countryside.... Read More Introduction February 12, 2021 आरुघाट गाउँपालिका वडा नं. ९ मा अवस्थित यस भीमोदय बहुमुखी क्याम्पस एक सामुदायिक क्याम्पस हो । मध्यम तथा निम्न वर्गका विद्यार्थीहलाई पनि गुणस्तिरीय उच्च शिक्षा प्रदान गर्नु यस क्याम्पसको प्रमुख उद्देश्य हो । विभिन्न जाति, महिला, दलित, गरीब, आदिवासी, जनजाती, सिमान्तकृत, अल्पसंख्यक, जेहन्दार, अपाङ्ग आदिलाई आर्थिक सहयोग गरी उच्च.... Read More Active Observation and Recording February 12, 2021 Through the intra and outside classroom activities, students’ knowledge level, learning skills, extent of participation, research work, interest, psychomotor skills, etc are observed and recorded using specific criteria. Such observation helps to monitor the overall development of a child.. Read More Contact Us Phone: 062-410162 Mobile: 9851216791 Mail: campusbheemodaya@gmail.com Aarughat Rural Munacipality, 09-Gorkha, Nepal Academic Programs Bachelors of Education (B. Ed) Bachelors of Business Studies (BBS) Schoolarship 10+2 Program HSEB Affiliated 10+2 in Management 10+2 in Education Bachelors Programs TU Affiliated BBA (Bachelor of Business Admi) BBS (Bachelor of Business Studies) © 2024 all rights reserve