Merz Cleaning Zone – Making a clean difference Home About us Portfolio Contact us Menu Search CONTACT US High Quality & Effective Standards AT MERZ CLEANING, WE OFFER YOU SEE OUR MENU AirBnB After-Stay Cleaning & Re-Stocking AT MERZ CLEANING, WE OFFER CONTACT US We offer Commercial Home & Office Cleaning AT MERZ CLEANING Domestic Cleaning Domestic cleaning generally includes the carrying out of cleaning tasks such as dusting, vacuuming, mopping and cleaning of bathrooms and kitchens. It can also include other duties such as folding laundry, ironing and making beds. Office Cleaning Office cleaning services typically focus on cleaning tasks such as vacuuming, dusting, and disinfecting surfaces. In contrast, commercial cleaning services can provide more specialized services such as deep cleaning, window washing etc Deep Cleaning Deep cleaning is cleaning away all kinds of dirt and grime that have accumulated over a long time on the deepest surfaces or corners of the house. It covers more areas than that of a basic cleaning like deep scrubbing stovetops and tubs, cleaning inside microwaves and ovens, heavy brushing of bathtubs and floors, etc. End-of-Tenancy Cleaning End of tenancy cleaning is the process of thoroughly deep cleaning a rental property before a tenant moves out. It involves cleaning every aspect of the property – including floors, walls, carpets, furniture and appliances – to ensure it's returned in its original condition. Carpet Cleaning Carpet cleaning is performed to remove stains, dirt, and allergens from carpets. Common methods include hot water extraction, dry-cleaning, and vacuuming. Oven Cleaning Oven Cleaning is giving the oven a deep clean to remove all grease, dirt and food particles. Get the best QUALITY CLEANING NEEDS TODAY READ MORE WHY US? TRAINED CLEANERS Our cleaners are interviewed in person, vetted, comprehensively checked and professionally trained in the field. OUR PRICING VALUE FOR MONEY Our pricing is very moderate and competitive in the industry and we give our clients special one-time offers from time to time. NO. 1 CLEANING AGENCY WE CREATE A PERFECT SHINE A team of enthusiastic and efficient cleaners ready to tackle any cleaning requirements, from one-off deep cleaning when you are moving out or feel the need for an intensive cleaning visits that keeps your home and office neat and clean.. OUR GALLERY Testimonials From our Clients I booked Merz cleaning Zone for an End of Tenancy move out. The gentleman that came to clean the flat was absolutely amazing. Big shout out to Kwanme. The flat was cleaner than when we took up the tenancy. I will recommend this company to anyone. I will definitely use them again. They are really good and considering it was a last minute booking Simbo London Five-star is not enough!! Excellent customer service, from quoting to job done it happens within 48 hours. Cleaners are prompt and do a really outstanding job. The flat is shiny!! Would recommend to everyone!! SC London Very professional, reliable and open person was the guy that helped me with cleaning. Company also very sweet and professional Raven Kwame was on time, polite and very professional.He did a good job, the only thing I was let down on was the toilet bowl not being cleaned 100%.However this was not his fault as he did his best, unfortunately he was not fully equipped from the company with all cleaning products.Apart from this (which he wasn't to blame for) he did a great Job. Raven Book a Session Make a Reservation Over 1,000 of our clients—busy moms, dads, and professionals—sure do. They rely on Merz Cleaning Zone to enjoy more free time with friends and family, doing the things they love. Domestic Cleaning Commercial Cleaning Deep Cleaning End of Tenancy Cleaning Carpet Cleaning Oven Cleaning Need A Cleaning Job 7:00 8:00 9:00 10:00 11:00 12:00 13:00 14:00 Your email Merz Cleaning Zone offer services all over London and we are more than ready to lend you a helping hand. 16 Ray Road West Molesey Surrey, KT8 2LG Email: info@merzcleaningzone.co.uk Phone: 07463314458 ©️ Merz Cleaning Zone 2024 Designed by Outline Group. Premium Web Solutions Search Home About us Portfolio Contact us Facebook Instagram Tik Tok