Shandong Bestin Metal Co., Ltd. Shandong Bestin Metal Co., Ltd. website Homepage About our product display news and information successful cases contact our wing tube provincial coalter more four -claw furnace More Eagle Iron.Gear More human hole. Handhopper MORE outlet More More More More Sales 9 MORE Side-Passive Film More Active Fish Fish Scales.Ore scraper more scraper chain joint MORE cross scraper. Chain, ring chain MORE product center support rolling fish scales scales, horizontal beam furnace drain, passive furnace, passive tablet furnace gangue door boiler furnace boiler chain furnace furnace furnace boiler boiler boilerBurst furnace exhaust furnace discharge to the furnace density blocking block live core furnace rowing four -claw furnace exhaust box scrapeboard scraper boiler accessories out of the slag provincial coalter system more beam furnace more beam furnace rowing more active active active active active active active active active active active active active active active active active active activeFurnace Piece More active furnace row micros active furnace voltage, passive furnace exhaust, passive furnace, microconant furnace exhaust, more boiler blanket, 0 more cross bakery 1 more cross scraper more heavy ore more heavy core furnace row moreThe furnace is long -sold for more five -hole plywood MORE boiler furnace furnace furnace More roller furnace linked More roller More roller more heavy ore bakery more five -hole plywood more boiler chain more coal board more Shandong Bestin metal Co., Ltd.Liaocheng Boiler Accessories Founding Company, established in 1996, is located in Jiang Guantun Town with a long history of casting. Due to the expansion of the company, Shandong Bestin Machinery Founding Co., Ltd. was established in 2018. It is located in the high -tech zone industrial park.Manufacturers of furnace -related accessories, the company has excellent geographical location and convenient transportation.Responsible and customized 20T/H-120T/H beam-type chain stove, 10T/H-65T/H large-scale chain stove, 4T/H-40T/H small scale chain stove, 0.5T/H-15T/H chain belt chain stove, 1T/H-100T/h to the furnace row, coal stove row, etc., as well as the coal provincial, residue machine, fan, coal machine, furnace exhaust machine reducer with furnaces, Layered coal buckets, evenly distribute various boiler auxiliary machine accessories, and undertake the design, renovation, installation, maintenance and other projects of various stoves.The main materials used in production are gray iron, Margin, ball iron, (ball) cast iron, refined steel cast steel ... The industrial boiler industry vigorously promote the application of energy -saving products. With the vigorous development of the national economy, the boiler manufacturing industry has made great progress.At present, there are more than 1,000 enterprises holding boiler manufacturing licenses across the country, which can produce each ... what are the main tasks of industrial boiler and boiler room equipment.The pipeline is transported to the user to meet the needs of life heating or production technology, and ... the boiler stoves are arranged and treated with the method of baking and processing methods.; 2. Too much coal leakage and ash leak under the furnace, resulting in too much ash between the furnace or the stove and the sprockets; all rights reserved: Shandong Bestin Metal Co., Ltd. Lu ICP No. 2020047006-3