Electro Mech (India) – Quality. Reliability. Performance. Skip to content Electro Mech (India) Quality. Reliability. Performance. Home Products About Us Contact Us Get QuoteGet Quote Electro Mech (India) Quality. Reliability. Performance. Main Menu Home Products About Us Contact Us Tremendous Expertise, Perfect Reliability, and Quality. a house of industrial Automation instruments View Products Authorized Distributors Previous Next 32 Long Years Of Excellence With Quality At It's Best! We at Electro Mech (India) have been serving the industries such as Automobile, Forging, Steel, Gears, Rubber, and many more with the highest level of products and services for over 32 years now. We have built our reputation on delivering world-class quality products at competitive prices to our clients. With our range of electromechanical parts and accessories, we endeavor to offer the best options available on the market. You can trust that with every order we send out, we’ll find a way to meet your needs! Enquire Now Our Qualities We are the industry heads and provide you with the most reliable and trendy solution you are looking for. Trust The trust exists both ways, and every employee relies on each other to “watch over each other’s back”. Communication Communication between employees and managers is constantly clear and precise. Transparency Every company has its ups and downs – leaders are transparent in sharing the good news of the company, as well as the problems faced. The only place where you’ll get the perfect solution for all your electrical equipment needs. Explore More Our Contributions Industries We Serve! Electro Mech (India) is a leading Industrial Automation Instruments expert, offering quality and unique products. With an extensive knowledge of Automation Instruments, we cater to both large and small scale clients. Having worked with industries such as Hero Group, Aarti Steels, Metro Tyre, GNA Group, Emson Gears, and others, we have a great knowledge of the requirements and difficulties of working with Automation Instruments. We provide our clients with the best solutions to suit their specific requirements, ensuring that we consistently deliver top-quality products. Need Help with Industrial Automation Instruments? Contact Us Now and we'll be more than happy to help you! Contact Us Electro Mech (India) Traders of Industrial Automation Instruments for more than 32 years! Quick LinksHome About Contact Us Products Authorized DistributorsAutonics Phoenix Contact HPL JaiBalaji Leuze GIC India CompanyAbout Us Products Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright © 2024 Electro Mech (India) Website Designed By- Ishan Sachdeva APPLY FOR ONLINE JOB IN BIGGEST CRYPTO COMPANIES APPLY NOW X Open chat 1 Need Help? WhatsApp Hello👋How can we help you?