Sai Associate SAI ASSOCIATES Email: saiassociates1016@gmail.com Phone: 9884023633 Home About Us Services Our Projects Gallery Contact Us Home About Us Services Our Projects Gallery Contact Us In Civil Industry the clients face different type of problems causing by the precious product "Water" which is the Life Saver As well the "Destroyer" if ignored. Assessment of the root cause of the water leakage and appropriate solution for arresting leakage of water is very important. If the water leakage is ignored in initial stage, It will lead to a heavy destruction and damage of the structure. Previous Next About Us WHO WE ARE It is our pleasure to receive you at our website. Sai Associates involved in the line of Waterproofing Industry, which is a specific field of providing solutions to typical problems like leakage of water in the Civil Structures. The Firm has been serving in this industry for several years catering to the needs of Govt. Contractors, Builders and Domestic clients who face different type of problems causing by the precious product "Water" which is the Life Saver As well Destroyer if ignored. Our Mission The mission of the firm is to satisfy its clients by assessing the cause and providing the appropriate and quality service to the fullest satisfaction and value for the money spent also continuous support after service. Our Vision Our vision is to adapt the latest technologies and products available relevant to our industry by attending the training programs conducted by the reputed construction chemical manufacturers like "FOSROC CHEMCIALS" "ZYDEX INDUSTRIES" and "KERA KOLL" and we take their guidance for the application of the right product to the problems concerned. Services We are specialized in arresting the leakage of water by "Cementitious Pressure Grouting" "Expandable Poly Urethane Pressure Grouting" in Water Tanks, Sumps and RCC Slabs. "Epoxy Tile Grouting" in Bathroom Toilets to stop the water penetration to the sunken portion. "Expansion Joint Treatment" in New and Old Buildings". "Tile Grouting and Waterproof Coating in Terrace". "Application of Sealant in Terrace Tile Skirting" to restrict the penetration of water causing dampness in the walls. "Repair of Cracks inside and outside of the Buildings" and "Heat Resistant Coating" in Terrace to reduce the heat conduction. "Epoxy Grouting" in Columns and Beams to gain strength. Our Projects Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning Expandable PU Grouting × Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Surface preparation by removing the Flake, Cement mortar and old Grout materials in the water leaking points in the Beam Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Previous Next Expansion Joint Treatment × Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Surface preparation by removing the Flake, Cement mortar and old Grout materials in the water leaking points in the Beam Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Previous Next Tile Skirting In Terrace × Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Surface preparation by removing the Flake, Cement mortar and old Grout materials in the water leaking points in the Beam Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Previous Next Heat Resistant Coating × Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Surface preparation by removing the Flake, Cement mortar and old Grout materials in the water leaking points in the Beam Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Previous Next Arete Homes × Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Surface preparation by removing the Flake, Cement mortar and old Grout materials in the water leaking points in the Beam Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Scaffolding arrangement to access the water leaking area in the Beam through False Ceiling of OP Ward in Govt. Super Specialty Hospital Previous Next Products Used The leakage of water in buildings caused by various reasons, we identify the root cause of the problems and use the appropriate construction chemicals to solve the issues. We mainly use "FOSROC CHEMCIALS" the pioneer in construction company, also popular companies like "ZYDEX" industries and "KHERA KOLL" we are trained by them and follow their specifications to maintain the quality. Gallery Our Exclusive Service Gallery Updates Elevation Support Arches repair Expanison Joint Pressure Grouting Tile Skirting Sealant Bathroom Toilet Renavoation Epoxy Grouting In Ceramic Tile Joints Heat Resistant Coating RFX Coating with mesh Terrace Tile Joints Pointing BB RFX Coating Waterproofing with Expandable Polyurethane Resin Grouting in Ceiling Waterproofing with Expandable Polyurethane Resin Grouting in PIT Zycosil+ "Zycoprime And Elastobar" Coating Done In Tile Terrace Waterproof cum Heat Resistant Coating Our Client Assumptions are the termites of relationships Previous Next EXECUTION OF THE WORK We undertake extreme care in execution of the work by dedicated technicians and vigilant supervision from the preparation of the surface to completion of the work. We have well trained technicians who routinely doing the similar type of works, they do have the thorough knowledge about the products and the methodology of the product application. WE TAKE SINCERE CARE FOR THE PROPPER EXECUTION TO OUR SATISFACTION TO SATISFY OUR CUSTOMERS. Contact Us Any Application We confirm Our Solutions Name: Email Phone Number What Information Do you need? Location: No.20/16, vinayagarkoil street, sasthri nagar, west saidapet, chennai -600015. +91-98408-43441 +91-98840-23633 saiassociates1016@gmail.com © Copyright 2019, Developed by Sensigo Technologies