LFT Charitable Trust, Belfast – Helping our partners make a lasting difference to peoples’ lives Grant PartnersGrant MakingAbout UsContact Us Helping our partners make a lasting difference to peoples’ lives About Us LFT Charitable Trust was established to promote and support charitable purposes and activities. Our Trust is intended to be exclusively grant making, with no fundraising or operating activities. We are funded by donations from Alterity Investments. Read More Grant Making LFT Charitable Trust is a proactive funder. We build our knowledge by talking to and meeting with individuals and organisations working within our priority areas. Where we identify opportunities and the prospect of a project that aligns with our current grant making policy, we invite proposals for funding. We don’t encourage unsolicited applications. Read More A member of the South Belfast Foodbank team preparing emergency food parcels. Read the full case study here. Mind Matters Grantmaking Programme Whilst it is apparent that long-term reform of the entire healthcare system is required, in the short term LFT recognises that local charitable organisations providing these services are struggling to cope with demand and the increase in referrals of people who are in current significant distress. The aim of this LFT Grant making Programme is to support charities temporarily increase their capacity to offer counselling and other psychological therapies and expedite care to adults on their waiting lists. Applications for grants of up to £7,000 are invited. Read More Partners Showcase Identifying the right network of dedicated and ambitious partners has enabled us to deliver on our charitable purposes and activities. Here are just some of the life-changing projects that our grant partners have been involved in. Sólás Initially established in 2009 as a charity supporting children and young people with a broad range of additional needs including autism and ASD.Read More South Belfast Foodbank Responsible for providing over 270,000 meals to people in crisis and for the distribution of over 200 tonnes of food.Read More Flourish NI Helping survivors of human trafficking not only recover from their traumatic experiences but also to regain self-belief and new skills so that they can lead safe, independent and fulfilled lives.Read More 4 Annadale Avenue Belfast BT7 3JH T: (028) 9620 6151 E: aisling@lftcharitabletrust.com Registered with the Charity Commission for Northern Ireland NIC 107373 Privacy PolicyCookiesDisclaimer Disclaimer The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by LFT Charitable Trust and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. Read in full