Best Formulations - Dietary Supplement Contract Manufacturer of softgels, tablets, capsules, powders, teas, custom formulations, raw material sourcing, packaging 626-912-9998 info@bestformulations.com Skip to Content Employee Login Product Inquiry Home Personal Care About We Are With You About Us Birth of the Company Our Team Licenses & Certificates FAQ California Privacy Policy Personal Information Requests Health Plan Transparency In Coverage California Transparency In Supply Chains Act Services R&D Formulation Manufacturing Packaging Raw Materials Quality Operations Certifications Products Softgels Capsules Tablets Powders Teas Probiotics Facility Career Contact THE RECOGNIZED LEADER INPLANT-BASED SOFTGELS First to commercialize Largest manufacturer of Plant-Based Softgels Most experienced with challenging formulas Learn more We help businesses innovate and grow With over 30 years of experience helping businesses to find comprehensive solutions Our Company Get in Touch We help businesses innovate and grow With over 30 years of experience helping businesses to find comprehensive solutions Get in Touch Business Ideas And Innovation Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque lau dantium, rem aperiam eaque ipsa ab illo inventore veritatis read more Business Ideas And Innovation Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque lau dantium, rem aperiam eaque ipsa ab illo inventore veritatis read more Directory Of Finance Businesses Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque lau dantium, rem aperiam eaque ipsa ab illo inventore veritatis learn more Our Services Manufacturing We offer a full range of contract manufacturing services including blending, granulation, tablet compression, tablet coating, two-piece hard-shell gelatin encapsulation, soft gelatin and encapsulation. Packaging We utilize an automated, state-of-the-art, fully integrated bottling line to guarantee the highest quality products are manufactured consistently, batch after batch. Formulations Your product starts with your ideas. Once you pass those ideas to us, our highly experienced staff will apply their joint knowledge to create the product you want. Specialty Ingredients Our purchasing team works closely with our formulation experts and scientists to source, analyze, and approve raw materials for use in our products. What Sets Us Apart PEACE OF MIND Your brand and product is in safe hands. With over 30 years of contract manufacturing experience under our belt, we assure that you will get quality, professionalism and consistency every time you work with us. Quality has been the cornerstone of our company and we have a roster of happy clients, many of whom, we have been working with for decades. INNOVATION We are a trusted partner to our customers when it comes to innovation and have one of the strongest R&D, product formulation and technical teams in the industry. We are recognized as the leader in plant-based softgel innovation and our ability to encapsulate difficult formulas. We seek out innovation across our entire business and pass that knowledge and expertise to our customers. CONSUMER INSIGHTS We have access to global intelligence and conduct our own research studies to better understand market trends, consumer behaviors, product preferences, emerging ingredients and more. We help clients zero in on the right products at the right time, bringing a unique consumer-centric perspective and consultative approach to the relationship that supports your goals. Our Products V-Gel™ - Vegetarian Softgel Herbal Joint Support Antioxidants Weight Loss Products Get a Call Back If you need to speak to us about a general query fill in the form below and we will call you back within the same working day. How can we help? * I would like to discuss: Manufacturing Packaging Manufacturing & Packaging Granulation Latest news 11 JAN Why Do I Need To Use Financial ? Sed facilisis lorem in orci bibendum ullamcorper. Mauris vitae augue elementum, ... 11 JAN Why your sales forecast is off Sed facilisis lorem in orci bibendum ullamcorper. Mauris vitae augue elementum, ... Why Do I Need To Use Financial ? January 11, 2017 Why your sales forecast is off January 11, 2017 6 tips to retain your top sales talent January 11, 2017 What the martian can teach sales January 11, 2017 Best Formulations has a number of licenses and certiﬁcations including California Drug License, Health Canada site license, NSF GMP and GMP for Sport Certiﬁcation. Click here for our full list of licenses and certiﬁcations. info@bestformulations.com 626-912-9998 17758 Rowland Street, City of Industry, CA 91748 USA Best Formulations, a diversified nutraceutical company headquartered in City of Industry, California, is a contract manufacturer and private labeler of thousands of branded, high quality nutritional supplements including softgels, tablets, capsules, and powders. Home About Us Birth of the Company Our Team Quality System Legal Privacy California Privacy Policy Personal Information Requests Health Plan Transparency In Coverage Brochure R&D Formulation Manufacturing Packaging Raw Materials Quality Operations Certifications Copyright 2024 Best Formulations LLC.