Google Ads Partner Agency In India | Graph Technologies Skip to content Home ServicesMenu Toggle Paid AdvertisingMenu Toggle Google Ads Bing Ads Mobile App Marketing Google Shopping Social AdvertisingMenu Toggle Facebook Ads Instagram Advertising Linkedin Ads Youtube Marketing Outsource PPC Work PortfolioMenu Toggle Case Studies Career About Us Contact Us Blogs Get a Free QuoteGet a Free Quote Main Menu Home ServicesMenu Toggle Paid AdvertisingMenu Toggle Google Ads Bing Ads Mobile App Marketing Google Shopping Social AdvertisingMenu Toggle Facebook Ads Instagram Advertising Linkedin Ads Youtube Marketing Outsource PPC Work PortfolioMenu Toggle Case Studies Career About Us Contact Us Blogs Home ServicesMenu Toggle Paid AdvertisingMenu Toggle Google Ads Bing Ads Mobile App Marketing Google Shopping Social AdvertisingMenu Toggle Facebook Ads Instagram Advertising Linkedin Ads Youtube Marketing Outsource PPC Work PortfolioMenu Toggle Case Studies Career About Us Contact Us Blogs Get a Free QuoteGet a Free Quote Main Menu Home ServicesMenu Toggle Paid AdvertisingMenu Toggle Google Ads Bing Ads Mobile App Marketing Google Shopping Social AdvertisingMenu Toggle Facebook Ads Instagram Advertising Linkedin Ads Youtube Marketing Outsource PPC Work PortfolioMenu Toggle Case Studies Career About Us Contact Us Blogs Digital Marketing Agency: The Key to Scaling Your Business A Trusted Paid Advertising Agency Graph Technologies is a rapidly growing pay per click marketing agency engaged in proffering cost-effective PPC advertising solutions to online businesses worldwide. Unlike other search engine marketing agencies, we focus only on pay per click advertisement. Know More Services Google Ads Harness the power of Google Ads to skyrocket your online presence. Reach your ideal audience on Google search engine & partner websites to maximize your brand awareness & achieve your business goals.. Read More Bing Ads Magnify your online visibility with Bing Ads. Tap into Bing's diverse audience, leverage lower competition, and enjoy lower CPC to reach new potential customers and generate valuable leads.. Read More LinkedIn-colorCreated with Sketch. LinkedIn Ads The ultimate platform for B2B lead generation. Engage with professionals and decision-makers worldwide in your industry via LinkedIn Ads to showcase your offerings, and realize your business goals.. Read More facebook [#176]Created with Sketch. Facebook Marketing Leverage the immense reach of Facebook's billions of active users. Whether you're aiming to increase brand awareness, drive more website traffic, or acquiring potential customers to grow your business.. Read More Instagram Ads Capture attention and drive engagement on Instagram, the visual-centric platform. Leverage hashtags, influencers, and captivating visuals to inspire, engage, and convert your target audience into leads. Read More YouTube Marketing YouTube: a video marketing powerhouse. Make an impact by displaying your ads before, during, or after videos. With precise targeting and captivating videos to drive engagement, and achieve success. Read More Digital Services That Wow You & Your Customers Why Graph Technologies? How We Work Our Specialisation Why Graph Technologies? We are Graph Technologies, a professional and reliable digital marketing service provider. We have been in the industry for over 10+ years, serving clients from various sectors and locations We have a team of experienced and skilled experts who can handle any challenge or requirement. They are trained and certified in Google ads. They are also friendly, courteous, and responsive to your needs and feedback. We value customer satisfaction and long-term relationships. We always deliver on time and within budget. We are always ready to answer your questions and address your concerns. How We Work: Step 1: Consultation. We start by understanding your business goals, target audience, budget, and expectations. We also conduct a thorough analysis of your current online presence, competitors, and industry trends. We then propose a customised pay per click advertising strategy that suits your needs and objectives. Step 2: Creation. We create and optimise your pay per click advertising campaigns on the platforms and formats that you choose. We use keyword research, ad copywriting, landing page design, targeting options, bidding strategies, and conversion tracking to ensure that your ads are relevant, compelling, and cost-effective. Step 3: Management. We monitor and manage your pay per click advertising campaigns on a daily basis. We use analytics, optimization, and testing to ensure that your ads are performing well and delivering the desired results. We also provide regular reports and feedback on your campaign performance and suggestions for improvement. Step 4: Growth. We help you grow your business online by generating more traffic, leads, conversions, and sales from your pay per click advertising campaigns. We also help you scale up your campaigns as your business grows and explore new opportunities and platforms for online advertising.We are committed to providing you with the best pay per click advertising service that meets your expectations and exceeds them. We are always ready to answer your questions and address your concerns. We look forward to working with you. Our Specialisation: Google Ads: We create and optimise search, display, shopping, and video ads that appear on Google and its partner sites. We use keyword research, ad copywriting, bidding strategies, landing page design, and conversion tracking to ensure that your ads are relevant, compelling, and cost-efficient. Facebook Ads: We create and optimise image, video, carousel, and collection ads that appear on Facebook and Instagram. We use audience network, pixel, catalog, and dynamic ads to ensure that your ads are targeted, engaging, and personalized. Bing Ads: We create and optimise search and display ads that appear on Bing and its partner sites. We use keyword research, ad copywriting, bidding strategies, landing page design, and conversion tracking to ensure that your ads are relevant, compelling, and cost-efficient.We are certified by Google as a Google Partner, by Facebook as a Facebook Marketing Partner, by Bing as a Bing Partner. We are also up to date with the latest trends and best practices in pay per click advertising. We have a portfolio of successful campaigns and satisfied clients that you can check out on our website.If you are looking for a pay per click advertising agency that can help you achieve your online marketing goals, look no further than Graph Technologies. Contact us today for a free consultation and quote. We look forward to working with you. 0 + CLIENTS 0 % SUCCESS RATE 0 $ TOTAL SPEND 0 + TOTAL CONVERSIONS Testimonials Our Lovely Customers Some Feedback About Us! Jennifer Lawrence It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content page when looking at its layout. The point of using that has a more less normal distribution of content here making. Richard Overall the results are truly amazing! I’m stoked! A lot of our customers come back again to purchase our products. Soso Sazesh Ankit is a hard-working and knowledgeable SEM freelancer. Highly recommended. Allen Smith Vice President, Triple Point Group Been working with Vipan for a couple of years and my paid advertising results have grown exponentially. I’m always 100% thrilled with the work he’s done for us and highly recommend him. I’ve been in the marketing industry for 24 years and it’s never easy to find a marketing professional as talented as Vipan. If you’re in need of a PPC pro don’t even think twice and hire Vipan immediately. OUR PARTNERS Graph Technologies is proud to Partner with some of the world’s leading Digital Marketing solutions and networks, working together to deliver exceptional results for our Clients around the globe. Contact Us Today for FREE Consultation Your Customer ID for Adwords/Bing/Facebook/LinkedIn is the key to unlocking your PPC potential. Share it with us and we’ll analyze your Account and send you our Recommendations and Plan. Contact Us Now Graph Technologies – A digital marketing agency engaged in proffering cost-effective paid advertising solutions to online businesses worldwide. Quick LinksServices Portfolio Career Contact Us Privacy Policy Our ExpertiseGoogle Ads Bing Ads Mobile App Campaign Facebook Ads Google Shopping Youtube Marketing Contact Info CPM 20-A1-F0220 Central Plaza Mohali Hills, Sector 105 +91 769-638-6529 +91 954-015-7555 info@graphtechnologies.com Copyright © 2024 Graph Technologies. All rights reserved. Email Book Your Free Audit! Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Request a Free Quote! *FirstLastEmail *Contact Number *MessageSubmit × Scroll to Top