Anjuman Grievance System | Top, Best Engineering College in Nagpur, Maharashtra, India Toggle navigation HOME ABOUT OGRS COMPLAINT MESSAGE STUDENT FACULTY STAKEHOLDER STATUS CONTACT Welcome to Anjuman College of Engineering & Technology Vision To be a center of excellence for developing technocrats with moral and social ethics, to face the global challenges for the sustainable development of the society. Mission To create conducive academic culture for the learning and identifying career goals. To provide quality technical education, research opportunities and imbibe entrepreneurship skills, contributing to the socioeconomic growth of the nation. To inculcate values and skills, that will empower our students towards development through technology Online Grievance Redressal System (OGRS) Aim Grievance Redressal System is an online web-enabled system aims to the lodging of grievances by all the stakeholder, scrutinize them by concerned committees and take action for speedy and favorable redress of their grievances. Objective The Grievance Committee will deal with tracking grievances to facilitated responsive and accountable attitude among all the stakeholders on this portal :- To Solve Academic Matters: Related to timely issue of duplicate Mark-sheets, Transfer Certificates, Conduct Certificates, and Examination related matter, etc. To Solve Finance issues: Related to dues / payments, fine for various items from library, etc To resolve malpractices: Issues of Ragging in campus or outside. To solve women related matter: Harassment, etc. Other Matters: Related to certain misgivings about conditions of sanitation, transport, victimization by teachers and any discrimination, etc. To keep maintaining a harmonious educational atmosphere in the institute.Â Functions The cases will be attended promptly on receipt of Grievances and Redressal it with proper validity The committee will formally review all cases and will prepare statistical reports about the number of cases received The committee will give report to the authority about the cases attended to and the number of pending cases, if any, which require direction and guidance from the higher authorities. © Anjuman College Engineering & Technology. All rights reserved. Powered By RG - VP Web Solutions