Home - CGBC WELCOME What We Believe Where We Worship Meet our Pastors Meet our Staff Church Membership Events Upcoming Events 活動預告 Events Calendar 活動日曆 Get Involved Children Ministry 兒童事工 Youth Fellowship 青少年 Adult Classes 成年主日學 Cantonese Fellowship 粵語團契 English Fellowship 英語團契 Mandarin Fellowship 國語團契 Church Camp 教會退修會 Media & Resources Sermons 講道 Sermons Archive 講道檔案 Videos 視頻 Gracious Words 恩言雜誌 Forms 表格 Giving Contact CONTACT US[contact-form-7 id="" title="Contact"] SUNDAY WORSHIP: Cantonese 8:30 – English 10:00 – Mandarin 11:30 主日崇拜: 粵語8時30分 – 英語10時 – 國語11時30分 主日崇拜直播Sunday Worship Live Stream8:30 粵語崇拜10:00 English Worship11:30 國語崇拜Archives 影音檔案室PHONE-IN SERVICE INSTRUCTIONS如何使用電話聆聽聚會直播 繁體中文 简体中文 bulletin Please continue to pray for wisdom and God’s provision on the topic of relocation and renovation. For those who could not attend the November Members Meeting, here is a handout that summarizes the presentation. We recently approved a new revision to our church Bylaws. All of the relevant documents are available below: Previous Version of Bylaws Recently-Approved Bylaw Revision Redline Revisions Bylaw Handout and FAQ 前會章版本 最近通過的會章修訂 紅線修訂 章程講義和常見問題解答 Subscribe to English Ministry Weekly Update The Executive Board (EB) continues to meet on the first Saturday of each month. Pray for God’s mercy for those affected by the coronavirus and that people’s hearts would be open to the hope of the gospel as a result of these trials. Seeking New Cantonese Pastor latest sermons That He Might Bring Us to GodCategory: English, Language / Speaker: Pastor Tranwei YuLISTEN https://cgbconline.net/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ew-2_25_2024.mp3WATCHDOWNLOADREAD MORE讚美詞的深刻含義 – 潘春田牧師Category: Mandarin / Speaker: Pastor Glenn PonLISTENhttps://cgbconline.net/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/mw_2024_02_25.mp3WATCHDOWNLOADREAD MORE願作活祭的堅持心意更新 – 程國儀牧師Category: Cantonese / Speaker: Pastor Andy ChingLISTENhttps://cgbconline.net/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/cw_2024_02_25.mp3WATCHDOWNLOADREAD MOREVIEW ALL SERMONSHow to Get Involved Welcome to Chinese Grace Bible Church. It is a real joy for us to meet newcomers and to tell you about all the good things God is doing in our church. Check out the many ministries offered at Chinese Grace Bible Church and get involved. Our fellowship groups provide a comfortable setting to mutually share your life with other Christians. Listen to our our sermons online and check back for more media resources. I am New HereWhere to startSmall GroupsGrow in a communitySermon MessagesListenOur Vision To transform the world for Christ by developing a new generation of disciple-leaders who passionately replicate the character, ministry and mission of Jesus Christ. One Family Under GodExalting the Lord God Almighty “But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for his own possession, that you may proclaim the excellencies of him who called you out of darkness into his marvelous light.” I Peter 2:9 Upwardly focused, the church is where we believers can exalt the LORD God Almighty. We are to give God what is due Him: honor, praise and glory. The church is very precious to God since Christ loved her and purchased her with His own blood (Ephesians 5:25-27, Acts 20:28). The church is to be a place where believers can observe the Lord’s Supper, remembering Christ’s death and shed blood on our behalf (1 Corinthians 11:23-26). The church preaches God’s Word, sings God’s Word, and prays God’s Word together, as the early church did when they met together to break bread and fellowship. And God added to their number ( Acts 2:42-47). Equipping the Saints “And he gave the apostles, the prophets, the evangelists, the shepherds and teachers, to equip the saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of Christ, until we all attain to the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to mature manhood, to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ.” Ephesians 4:11-13 Inwardly, the church’s purpose is to be the believer’s spiritual family. We encourage one another as we hold fast to the confessions of our hope (Hebrews 10:23-27). In and through the church, God takes people with different personalities and gifts, unifies them as a single body, and equips them to care for each other and to reach the world. We are not meant to live the Christian life alone; instead, we are to be surrounded by the biblical teaching and loving community of believers (Col.1:28-29). Evangelizing the Lost “And Jesus came and said to them, “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me. Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you. And behold, I am with you always, to the end of the age.” Matthew 28:18-20 Outwardly, the church’s purpose is to fulfill the Great Commission. There is no nobler privilege for the church than the ministry of reconciliation: introducing others to Christ (2 Corinthians 5:18-20). We do this in part by making sure we faithfully represent Him, as we become who He has called us to be. As God’s lights, we are to shine for Him through our good works as well as through sharing the gospel with people down the street, across the border, or around the world (Phil.2:15, Matthew 5:13-16). UPCOMING EVENTS 29MarGood Friday Service (Cantonese/English)FridayEVENT DETAIL29MarGood Friday Service (Mandarin/English)FridayEVENT DETAIL30Mar(E) Easter EggstravaganzaSaturdayEVENT DETAIL12Apr(E) Women's Spring EventFridayEVENT DETAIL20Apr(E) Men's BreakfastSaturdayEVENT DETAIL © cgbconline.net, All rights reserved 繁體中文 简体中文 Follow us on CONTACT ADDRESS 6656 Park Riviera Way, Sacramento, CA 95831 Telephone: 916.422.4253 Fax: 916.422.6547 Office Hours: Monday to Friday, 9:00am - 5:00pm