swiftdeliveryexpress Mail Us At (970) 403-5102 Mail Us At info@swiftdeliveryexpress.ltd Home About Testimonial’s Services Air Freight Road Freight Sea Freight Smart Ware-Housing Container’s Contact Track&Trace Home About Testimonial’s Services Air Freight Road Freight Sea Freight Smart Ware-Housing Container’s Contact Track&Trace Call Now Professional CREATING THE BEST SERVICES FOR YOU! Send packages, large parcels and more with express delivery Explore More Enter the Consignment No. Ex: 12345 Fast Service At Swift delivery express , We have a fast delivery service that enables us to deliver your freights as quickly as possible. Track At Swift delivery express, You can track your package or freight instantly and know where it is by going to the Track page. You can trust us digcourierlogisticexpress Delivery, with the safety of your Freight. Safe Delivery At Swift delivery express, We deliver packages and freights of our customers safe and sound without a single scratch. Rest assured, You can trust digcourierlogisticexpress with the delivery of your packages without any damage. Contact Us Why Choose Swift Delivery We are a professional logistics solutions provider who you can trust and rely-on to ensure hassle-free fulfillment for your e-commerce deliveries. Being a technology driven company, we have deployed intelligence backed automations and data sciences that enables us to meet the fast-growing demand for quality and fast logistics services required by large, medium and small online businesses. We also leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning to forecast order volumes, for decoding unorganized addresses, delivery scheduling based on past deliveries, etc. to stay ahead of the curve. Value Added Services Our value added solutions go beyond the standard e-commerce logistics services which come to mind when companies look to outsource logistics. There are a wide range of services that complement and enhance our logistics offerings as we support the smooth flow of shipments with additional services such as: Add Your Heading Text HereInternational Express Swift delivery express is an international express service provider to strive for the best logistic solutions for global cross-border e-commerce sellers. Postal Parcel By integrating postal services of various countries, it has strong pick-up capability, convenient shipping process and wide coverage to serve 232 countries and regions in the world. Land Transportation Here at Swift delivery express, we specialise in distribution services. We operate a network of e-commerce and specialist mail services.Whether you are a large corporate or an SME finding your feet in the world of logistics, digcourierlogisticexpress offer flexible, tailored solutions that can adapt to your business needs. Our continued investment into technology and automation enables us to offer exceptional value and leading customer service.Sustainable solutionsExceptional market valueLeading customer service standards Track & Trace Reverse Logistics We offer tailor-made solutions on Reverse Logistics in which effective coordination with end-consumers ensures timely pick-up and delivery of products back to partner establishment within 24 to 72 hours of intimation, every day for 365 days a year – including Sundays/Holidays so that end-customers receive their refunds in a timely manner. This unique service is supported by ready-to-ship packaging with best in class process capabilities in ensuring ease of pickup and returns. QC Enabled Reverse Logistics(RVP+) We offer Door Step Quality Check enabled Reverse Pickup Solutions for various product categories – be it mobile phones, household goods, apparels, electronic gadgets etc. The solution helps to curb return-related leakages and simplifies online shopping returns. Our dedicated and well-trained trained Associates carry out Quality Checks on products, subject to product conditions and other parameters meeting the customer’s return policy, resulting in faster refund or replacement for consumers. How do I get customs clearance for removals in the UK and USA? After you find your ideal service provider, in this case, a customs agent, the process involves having to compile a number of required documents and a list of the inventory in question. If the agent is in the USA, UK, and the removal is to go to an EU country, then this is an export service, and vice versa. WHAT IS CUSTOMS CLEARANCE? Customs clearance is the process of declaring goods to Customs authorities when entering or leaving a country. Individuals or businesses can do this. Goods subject to customs clearance include items that are being imported or exported, as well as personal effects and commercial shipments Cargo Damage Containers Lost at Sea General Average Cargo Theft Did you know? Insurance companies estimate that major fire on a cargo vessel at sea occurs every 60 days. Storms, shipwrecks, and explosions happen. Containerization of seaborne trade, larger vessels, and wrongly declared dangerous goods have also contributed to an increase in ship fires in recent years. Here are just a few examples:Fire-damaged container ship being towed to Port of Oakland‘X-Press Pearl’ Fire Explodes in Intensity, Ship EvacuatedPhotos: The Worst Containership Disasters in Recent HistoryIn the event of an accident, even if the vessel is saved, many containers may be severely damaged. Bad stowage and shore error are the largest contributors, and can result in physical or temperature related damage.Cargo insurance can help you cover your losses in the event damage occurs. Did you know? More than 3,000 shipping containers fell overboard in 2020. According to a 2017 survey of ocean carriers by the World Shipping Council (WSC), an average of 1,390 containers are lost at sea each year based on figures from between 2014 to 2016. This number includes ‘catastrophic events’ where more than 50 containers are lost during a single event.However, the number of containers that have been lost overboard has actually risen considerably in recent years. In fact, more than 3,000 shipping containers fell overboard in 2020. And as of April 2021, over 1,000 boxes have already fallen into the ocean. Why are incidents of containers going overboard on the rise? Weather is becoming more severe and unpredictable and new mega vessels are often being loaded to maximum capacity. Those two factors combined put increased risk to cargo in transit and additional strain on your supply chain.If an accident happens that causes your containers to go overboard, make sure you have Cargo Insurance so that you’re not dumping your money into the sea as well. Did you know? When a carrier declares General Average, all cargo owners must pay a percentage of the total loss, even if their cargo is unaffected. What is General Average? When a ship is in danger — for example, a fire, stranding, or other incident — the ship’s Master/shipowner may need to take action to preserve the safety of the ship and its crew, which could include jettisoning cargo overboard, emergency repairs or other action which may damage cargo. Incidents causing carriers to declare General Average have been increasing in recent years: Severe storms are becoming more frequent, and shockingly, fires on container ships are more common.When a carrier declares “General Average”, all stakeholders, including cargo owners, must pay their cost of saving the vessel and cargo – even if their own cargo is not affected. Adjustors will assess the situation and determine the Salvage security and General Average security. These securities are variable percentages of the CIF (cost, insurance, and freight) value of the cargo that the shipper has on the affected vessel. The cargo owner must pay both to get their cargo released, otherwise they forfeit their cargo and it becomes property of the salvage company.The cost of protecting your shipments is miniscule compared to the cost of a General Average claim.For example, after a 2018 fire on the Maersk Honam, GA was declared and the adjustor fixed the salvage security at 42.5% of cargo value and 11.5% as a GA deposit – this meant a shipper with cargo worth $100,000 needed to pay a combined deposit of $54,000 to get its cargo released. Ouch! Insurance for this shipment, by comparison, would have been just $165.00. If you’re insured with UWL’s Policy, the insurance company will issue an Average Guarantee and you will provide an Average Bond. This assures the prompt release of your cargo while your insurer takes care of the General Average contribution. Without adequate insurance, the adjusters will likely request a cash deposit from you of a proportion of the value of your cargo, and your cargo will be held in trust until you have paid your part — which can take months or even years. Did you know? In the US, cargo theft is a $15 billion to $30 billion a year problem according to the FBI. Cargo theft, especially through identity theft and fictitious pickups, is on the rise. Not to mention piracy, which is a major risk to modern international shipping.The Loadstar reported that almost €500,000 ($600,305) of goods were stolen from EMEA [Europe, Middle East and Africa] supply chains every day in 2019 and 2020, according to new data from the Transport Asset Protection Association (TAPA).And BSI & TT Club’s 2021 Cargo Theft Report found that the pandemic brought about a heightened risk of crime. The dominant threat remained theft from freight vehicles in transit, but the report found a significant increase in theft from warehouses and other temporary storage facilities — these areas have become easy pickings for criminals as cargo backlogs pile up around the world. Additionally, criminals have been targeting PPE and other medical equipment in particular during the pandemic. A proactive Cargo Insurance policy with UWL can provide peace of mind in the event a pesky pirate pilfers your priceless products. Schedule Your Appointment Today Schedule Appointment Is swift delivery suitable for everyone to use? Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast Does swift deloivery operate seven days a week? Yes, we collect and deliver from Monday to Sunday, but we take a short break at the end of December. Is customs clearance included in the automatically generated freight quote? Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast Do I need to pay for the service in advance? It depends on your company’s credit score. If our credit scoring provider marks you as trustworthy, you can place orders and pay for them later. What kind of vehicles are in swift delivery fleet? Our 3.5 tonne curtainside vans can transport solid cargo of up to 20 cubic meter capacity and not exceeding a weight of 1200kg (10 pallets) each. Is freight shipping insured with swift delivery? Yes, all our services are insured as Goods in Transit for up to €80,000. Our Customers Feedback Tom Battat ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Just a quick note to you to tell you how much we appreciate swift’s help on two recent shipments to Chicago. We had a supplier who made a mess of their SID# filing, and this caused a good deal of concern with the local FDA office. As we got the situation resolved, the case was transferred to a very challenging FDA officer in the local compliance division. Swift delivery express helped us navigate the challenges we faced and got our goods cleared in a week’s time –pretty incredible given the situation. We just wanted to make you aware of all the help that swift delivery express gave us on this – we really appreciate your help in supporting our business!” Caroline Huffman ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ I have been doing business with American International Cargo Service for a couple of years. We send an antifreeze type solution to China for various construction projects. To say that shipment dates, money transfers and confusion to quantities requires multiple changes before the project is actually shipped is an understatement.American International Cargo Service takes every one of my changes with a positive attitude and a professional manner. Their flexibility and expertise in arranging my freight to get to its Chinese destination in a predictable and timely manner does what every manager hopes for. They make me look good. Donna M ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Swifyt delivery express Shipping have been working together for over 10 years.Their staff is knowledgeable and their response time is prompt. American Shipping’s rates are always found to be competitive. We look forward to continue working with American Shipping for our freight forwarding and customs brokerage needs in the future.” Dee Hunter ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ I have been working with swift for over 20 years. I have always found their rates competitive, but it is their service that adds the extra value for me. Their staff is knowledgeable and courteous and their response time is prompt. I know I can trust their expertise when inquiring on anything from customs regulations to import logistics in a new port….. Using them for our freight forwarding, customs brokerage and inland trucking allows us to maintain a smooth flow from the time the goods leave the factory until the time they reach our customer's door and I can access real time tracking along the way” Swift delivery is one of the best logistic companies. Its strong market position lies in the sea freight, air freight, contract logistics and overland businesses. Info@swiftdeliveryexpress.ltd (970) 403-5102 Other Pages Home About Services Contact Quick Links Air Freight Sea Freight Road Freight FAQ Work Hours Mon-Fry 09:00-11:00 Thanks for trusting swift delivery express we serve and bring you th e best logistic services round the world Contact Us © 2023 Created with swiftdeliveryexpress Subscribeand Get Discount Only for New Members 17 % Subscribe You have been successfully Subscribed! Ops! Something went wrong, please try again. No, thank you I don't want to save