Home - BINDULAVHATHU 0 was successfully added to your cart. HOME ABOUT BINDULAVHATHU OUR TEAM ONLINE STORE Dining table GET IN TOUCH For over 47 years this business stood to attest to the capacity, evidence of business skills, discipline of African people in business leadership. BINDULAVHATHU LIMITED Bindulavhathu Limited is a successful public Company established on the 30th of June 1975 (48th year anniversary). This business has a special space in the memories and heritage of the people of Venda, and Africa in general. For over 48 years this business stood to attest to the capacity, evidence of business skills, discipline of African people in business leadership. This example of a successful business establishment by the people of Africa, who have shown resilience to set an encouraging symbol for many generations to come. The business leadership of Bindulavhathu in their vision to influence, the growth of this business, like a Baobab tree that counts over 3000 years in its glory and splendor. For decades of relevance and success, the business stands as a monument of the local art of successful business, for the people of African. The heritage of Mapungubwe, Bakoni ruins, Thulamela, Zimbabwe, Sofala and much other historical evidence of magnificent establishments is represented, by the descendants from those dynasties and empires, which its descendants stand today, as pillars to continue the legacy to build establishments like Bindulavhathu Limited. ﻿ PROPERTY INVESTMENT Bindulavhathu is moving with new global trends in the market, with magnificent new upcoming property development such as Hotels, student residence, industrial parks and residential estates. RETAIL Our range of stunning furniture is the best the market, in terms of quality and style which our clients have enjoyed over 47 years of service to our clients. ADVERTISEMENT Billboards and digital platforms such as our social media presence and introduction of new online furniture shop is constantly improving our growth strategy. BINDULAVHATHU LIMITED © 2023 | Powered by Rohrr Mark HOME ABOUT BINDULAVHATHU OUR TEAM ONLINE STORE Dining table GET IN TOUCH 0 items