Brandt Steuerberatungsgesellschaft mbH - Start start -up finance bookkeeping conclusion tax declaration of tax declaration tax accounting tax advice from business administration downloads & left -wing factual -eaterly vice -computer data protection impression "Competent tax advice at eye level!"... Under this motto we advise our clients! Whether private individual or company;We are very happy to support you in tax and business services. Our goal is that we advise you as we would like to be advised;Competent and at eye level!You should understand how we carry out our services! Just as important: transparent costs for your performance!We would be happy to make you a non -binding offer for your desired service.Feel free to take a look at our range of services! We look forward to addressing us;By phone, fax or email! Have fun with the content on our homepage! It greets you warmly, your Thies Brandt, tax consultant services. We understand the creation of financial accounting as an instrument for corporate management.Final creation Mob Small Company or Large Operation: The annual financial statements are another element to control your company.Tax declaration of private individuals or entrepreneurs, we support you in creating your tax returns.Payroll accounting the wage and salary billing is probably one of the most important documents that you combine with your employee.Tax advice is important that you understand what we are talking about.No paragraphs, no "specialist chinese".We understand that by "eye level".Business consultation use our business advice as a control instrument in your company.Login DATEV corporate online contact we look forward to seeing you!Hoier-Boier-Stroot 6 24861 Bergenhusen Info (a) Steuerberatung-brandt.deel: 04885 990-0 Wir Search !!! Here you will find our current job ads / awards data protection. External content provided at this pointCan not be displayed on the basis of your current cookie settings.These third-party providers can set their own cookies, e.g. to pursue user activity or personalize and optimize their offers. Cookie setting-like website uses cookies to offer visitors an optimal user experience.Certain content from third -party providers are only displayed if the corresponding option is activated.Data processing can then also be carried out in a third country.Further information on this in the data protection declaration. Technically necessary, cookies are necessary for the operation of the website, e.g. to protect against hacking and to ensure a consistent and demand adapted to the appearance of the page. Analytic media cookies are used to further optimize the user experience.This also includes statistics that are made available to the website operator of third-party providers, as well as the performance of personalized advertising by tracking user activity via various websites.These third-party providers can set their own cookies, e.g. to pursue user activity or personalize and optimize their offers.