Centre for Digital Economy (CDE) Home About Programme Training Staff Gallery Contact Kwara State University Centre for Digital Economy (CDE) Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Digital Economy (CDE) Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Digital Economy (CDE) Get Started About Our Center Mission Statement Vision: To produce successful digital entrepreneurs and business leaders who will develop a sustainable digital economy. Goals: • To serve as a catalyst for creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship among different strata of the population. • Continuous acquaintance with the innovation process which is driven by digital opportunities, leadership and teaming, resource parsimony as well as creativity that fits and balances in an integrated and holistic manner. • Creating and developing a value chain in digital businesses thus generating employment opportunities for teaming the youth population in Nigeria. • Progressively engaging in the making of successful generations of digital entrepreneurs that will change and shape the future economy of the Kwara State and the nation at large. Brief History Of The Center The Centre for Digital Economy (CDE) of Kwara State University (KWASU) was established in February 2022 to be: “the Centre for digital innovation thinking, reasoning, harnessing opportunities, resource mobilization, leadership and value-reorientation for a digital-economy drive in Kwara State and Nigeria at large”. The Centre is an initiative of Kwara State University Malete in collaboration with Ilorin Innovation Hub backed by the National Information Technology Development (NITDA), for Digital Economy training. The training Centre is in Ilorin and is focused on all the processes, infrastructure, and regulations involved in conducting business across markets via the Internet. In today’s world, a vast majority of business happens digitally and the CDE brings a focal point for learning and research on the global economy to Kwara State. Our Programmes DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to KWASU Centre for Digital Economy, where we foster innovative ideas and solutions to enhance society and enrich human life through the opportunities presented by the digital economy. Mrs. Hassanat Bello – Director Programmes The activities of Centre for Digital Economy (CDE) are: Internship and Mentorship programs. SIWES placement. Training on Digital Literacy Skills. Entrepreneurial skills. Hands-On Training Programs. Research Centre ICT support services. ICT consultancy services. ICT Examination host. Space renting for any computer-based test/examination. Hub and Co-Working space. ICT workstation. Collaborations, networking, and partnerships. Availabe Training At the KWASU Centre for Digital Economy (KWASU CDE), we encourage and promote innovative ideas and solutions created by the digital economy to enhance society and enrich human life. Below are the available training: Digital Skills Acquisition. Digital Marketing. Full stack development. Photography and editing. Blockchain Technology. MS Office production tools. News production and tele broadcasting. Video Production and Editing. Photography. Computing repairs and maintenance. Big Data Analytics. Computer Network and internet connectivity. Coding with relevant tools and lots more. Statistical Analysis Packages. Server Administration. Our Staff Mrs. Hassanat Bello Director Centre Centre for Digital Economy Email:cdedirector@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. Akeem Saraki Assistant Coordinator, Innovation & Business Development Mr. Philips Adebayo Training & Field Coordinator (Ag. Secretary) Dr. Olalekan Ogunbiyi Coordinator, Research and Training Email:olalekan.ogunbiyi@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-7030305327 Dr. Ronke Babatunde Assistant Director, Digital Content Development Mrs. Comfort Ogungbayi Higher Data Analyst Mrs. Rukayat Abdulqodri Higher Data Analyst Mrs. Fausat Salawu Administrative Officer Mr. Joel Jolayemi Data Technologist Mrs. Nurat AbdulAzeez Data Technologist Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple CDE Director Mrs. Hassanat Bello Giving her speech CDE Certificate presentation ceremony for the first Cohort of Trainees CDE First Set of CDE trainees during their certificate presentation ceremony CDE Board Chairman, Professor Kajogbola Ajao during the certificate presentation ceremony for the first cohort CDE Cross section of some interns CDE One of the trainees making a presentation during the ceremony CDE Cross-section of participants at the ceremony CDE Second Cohort of CDE trainees during their certificate presentation ceremony CDE Second Cohort of CDE trainees during their certificate presentation ceremony CDE The Steering Committee of the Centre for Digital Economy, which was chaired by the late VC- Professor Muhammed Mustapha Akanbi CDE Team with the participants at KWASU Centre for Women Development and Entrepreneurship Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Centre for Digital Economy, Kwara State University, Malete. Email: cdedirector@kwasu.edu.ng cdetraining@kwasu.edu.ng Director Centre for Digital Economy Mrs. Hassanat Bello Email: cdedirector@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/