China Fiber Laser Marking Machine Manufacturer&Supplier-MZLASER® Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Tiktok Instagram VK Crunchbase RSS Welcome to MZLASER:China Top Quality Manufacture&Supplier of Laser Engraving Machine Metal&No-metal Home 2020 Best Laser Machine Manufacturer and Supplier from China, Direct Selling Laser Engraving Machine Metals,Fiber/Co2 Laser Marking Machine 20W 30W 50W,Mini Gold and Silver Name Plate Jewelry Laser Welding Cutting Machine,and 3D Fiber Laser Metal Engraving Machine 8:00 - 17:00 Monday - Saturday Home Products Fiber Laser Marking Machine CO2 Laser Marking Machine UV Laser Marking Machine Dot Peen Marking Machine Fiber Laser Cutting Machine CO2 Laser Cutting Machine Laser Welding Machine Custom Laser Machines Applications Laser Metals Engraving Project Laser Wood Engraving Project Plastic Laser Printing Project Jewelry Name Laser Cutting Project Photos Laser Engraving Project Laser Welding Machine Project Laser Cutting Machine Project Support and Service Laser Engraving Service Laser Cutting Service Download Center Software DownloadMaunal and Instruction Customers Training Laser Machine FAQs Online Inquiry videos Laser Marking Machine Videos Fiber LaserCO2 LaserUV Laser Jewelry Laser Cutting Machine Laser Cutting Machine Videos Metals Laser Cutting MachineNo-metals Laser Cutting Machine Laser Welding Machine Videos Handheld Laser Welding MachineJewelry Laser Welding Machine News MZLASER News Laser Industry News Buyers FAQs About us Laser Parts Partner Honor and Certificate Production Plants Contact us Top Searches: Mini Portable Laser Marking Machine Mini Handheld Laser Marking Machine Metal Fiber Laser Marking Engraving Machine Mini Metal Fiber Laser Marking Engraving Machine challenge coin mold 3d coin mold laser engraving laser welding machine for sale handheld laser welding machine price laser welding machine good price Handheld Fiber Laser Welding Machine WHY CHOOSE MZLASER Over 15 years production&sales experience of Fiber/CO2/UV laser marking machine MZLASER successfully passed the certificate of CE & ISO9001 Professional production & sales team to offer different laser marking engraving welding cutting solutions Genuine laser parts and software for laser marking engraving cutting machine Professional pre-sale and after-sale consultation service and technical support 2022 Custom Gold Silver Jewely Name Plate Laser Engraving Cutting SolutionsBest Laser Machine for JewelryFiber Laser Engraving Cutting Machine Jewelry 2022 Mini Laser Cutting Systems for Jewelry ApplicationsName Plate Laser Cutting MachineJewelry Laser Cutting Machine 2022 Online Flying Laser Printing Machine for expire date bacth codeDate Code Laser Printing SystemFiber Laser printing machine 2022 Best Mini Laser Soldering Machine for Gold Silver Jewelry WeldingMini Laser Welding Machine MZ-LW60Hot Sale 2022 2022 Best Stainless Steel Sheet Handheld Fiber Laser Welding SolutionsHandheld Laser Welder MZ-LW1500HHot Sale 2022 2022 Best Metal Sheet Laser Cutting SolutionsFiber Laser Cutting Machine for Stainless Steel Fiber Laser Cutter MZ-LC6060-1000RC High Cutting Speed The cutting speed is 2-3 times than CO2 laser cutting machine with the same power. High Stable Running Top brand fiber lasers, stable performance, the service life can reach 100,000 hours. Excellent Beam Quality Smaller focus diameter and high work efficiency, high cutting quailty. Flexible Light Guide Effect Small size with compact structure, which is easy to flexible machining requirements. Easy Operation/Maintenance Optical fiber transmission without reflecting lenses, no need to adjust the optical path. No working gas lasers, save a lot of maintenance costs. Low Electric Power Consumption It is only about 20%-30% of traditional CO2 laser cutting machine. Products Fiber Laser Marking Machine CO2 Laser Marking Machine UV Laser Marking Machine Dot Peen Marking Machine Fiber Laser Cutting Machine CO2 Laser Cutting Machine Laser Welding Machine Custom Laser Machines Fiber Laser Marking Machine 20w 30 Watts Portable Handheld Small Mini Metal Fiber Laser Marking Engraving Machine Dynamic Focus 50W 60W 3D Fiber Laser Metal Engraving Cutting Machine For Jewelry & Coin Die Affordable Price Desktop 30w Mopa Fiber Laser Color Marking Machine Auto Identifying & Visual Positioning Industrial Fiber Laser Engraving Marking Machine with CCD Camera China Supplier 50W 100W Raycus Fiber Laser Engraving Cutting Machine For Gold Silver Jewelry Best Price JPT M7 Mopa Color Fiber Laser Engraving Machine For Stainless Steel Marking Etching Fiber laser marking machine 30w for series number logo printing on plastic China 50W fiber laser marking machine with rotary attachment for metal flange engraving 20W 30W 50W Handheld portable fiber laser marking machine price for metal steel 30W 50 watts desktop fiber laser engraving machine for metal jewelry with best price CO2 Laser Marking Machine China galvo co2 laser marking machine supplier manufacturer Wood Leather Stone 30 Watts RF Galvo CO2 Laser Engraving Machine Mini 30 Watts RF CO2 Laser Marking Machine for Leather Wallet Engraving CO2 Laser Marking Machine for Wood Engraving UV Laser Marking Machine 355nm Huaray 5W UV Laser Marking Machine and Laser Engraving Machine for Glass Plastic Paper Cloth Wood Metal 355nm UV laser marking machine for custom logo printing on KN95 face mask Good Price 355nm 3w 5w UV Laser Marking Machine for Wine Glass ABS Plastic Case 355nm 3w 5w UV Laser Marking Machine for ABS Plastic Case Hot sale 355nm 5W UV laser engraving machine for glass cups Laser Welding Machine 1000w 1500w portable metal laser welder handheld fiber laser welding machine with good price for sale Affordable price 1000w 1500w 2000w fiber Laser Welder handheld laser welding machine for metal China Hand Held Welder Manufacturer 1000W 1500W Handheld Laser Welding Machine System Portable Handheld Fiber Laser Welding Machine for Stainless Steel Sheet Portable Handheld fiber laser soldering machine for stainless steel welding Gold Silver Mini Laser Welding Machine for Jewelry Soldering Gold Silver Jewellery 200w Jewelry Laser Welding Machine Do You Experience The Issues When Buying Laser Marking Machines from China It is Difficult to Find a Professional & Reliable Laser Marking Engraving Machine Manufacturer from China. Dont Know How to Choose a Best Laser Marking Machine for Your Use. Dont Know the Purchasing Steps of Buying a Laser Marking Machine,Such as Payment,Delivery,Logistics... Worry About After-sale Service:Few China Suppliers will Provide Solutions When You Face Problems with Laser Machine. Worry About Laser Machine Warranty:Dont Know What to DO if Something Wrong with Machines,Dont Know Laser Marking Machine Operation. 24/7 TELEPHONE CUSTOMER SUPPORT: +86-14753226012 Over 15 Years Intention for One Goal Focus on Laser Marking Engraving Machine Manufacturing MZLASER specializes in the development and manufacture of UV/CO2/Fiber Laser Marking Machine,Laser Metal Engraving Machine,Dot Peen Marking Machine for Chassis Number Engraving Handheld Laser Welding Machine,Jewelry Mini Laser Welder,Fiber Laser Cutting Machine For Metal Sheet. For over 15 years development, excellent laser machine quality and competitive prices and perfect after-sale service bring us stable customers from all over the world. High Quality Laser Marking Machines Made from The Best Quality Laser Parts We Used China Best Brand Laser Source: Raycus! Long Working Lifespan,Good Laser Beam Quality Using China Best Brand Sino-Galvo Scanning Marking Head, Stable Working, Fast Speed, High Precision,Nice Design. Controlled by Original JCZ Control Card and Working with Ezcad Marking Software:Easy Operation and Multi-function Even the lens, In Oder to Ensure a Very Small Focused Laser Spot for High Precision Engraving, We Install Imported Brand Rona-Smith Lens Custom Metal Laser Marking Engraving Solutions Improve Customers Working Efficiency As a Professional China Laser Marking Machine Manufacturer, MZLASER Has Many Kinds Of Laser Engraving Machines, Such as Fiber Laser, UV Laser, CO2 Laser.Has Enough Capacity to Offer You Customized Automatically CNC Laser Engraving Solutions According to Your Requirement,It Can Work with Your PLC Device. High Speed, High Quality, High Precision, High Cost-effective, Decrease Customer Labor Cost. One Tracking, Caring Service 24/7 ONE-TO-ONE SERVICE FOR YOU Professional logistics and distribution, to ensure the equipment with accurate delivery in time. Professional technical personnel to provide you with staff training and technical advisory services free of charge. Professional after-sale team regularly visit by internet, rapid response within 24 hours. Call us Today: +86-14753226012 Laser Machine Working Videos How to cut name plate jewelry pendant with gold silver stainless fiber laser cutting machine 1000W How to make custom jewelry pendants with fast speed fiber laser cutting machine for name necklace Automatic fiber laser engraving machine for ball bearings with auto feeding conveyor Applications of Laser Marking Engraving Cutting Machines 3d metal engraving for brass challenge coin mold by our 3D fiber laser engraving machine 50w Custom Personalized Laser Engraved Bamboo Wood Cutting Board by Galvo CO2 Laser Marking Machine 30W Wood Engraving by Co2 Laser Marking Machine 30 watts Buyer's Guide of how to buy laser machines Laser Parts Brand We Use Germany IPG Fiber Laser Raycus Fiber Laser Source Max Laser Source Sino-Galvo Scanning Head China Laser Machine Manufacture Honor and Certificate CE Certificte For CO2/UV/Fiber Laser Marking Machin AAA Credit Enterprise Certificate of China Laser Ma FDA certificate Of Fiber Laser Marking Engraving Ma China 315 Certificate Of Reliable Laser Marking Mac RoHS Certificate of Laser Machine 24/7 EXPERT CUSTOMER SERVICEFiber laser metal engraving machineGalvo co2 laser marking machineGold silver jewelry mini laser soldering machineFiber laser cutting machine for metal sheets+86-14753226012Free Quotation About us The Largest and Most Powerful Laser Equipment RD and Manufacturing Base in Central North China！ Key enterprise of Qingdao Optical Valley of China. Professional Manufacturer of laser machines! You can be confident, because we believe in quality! Customers` satisfaction is the value of our existence. --------- Our Principle Welcome to Visit Our Company! Foreword We always keep improving the quality of Products and Services day to make customers` satisfied With good quality products, we are satisfying the domestic clients, like Haier, Hensene, as well as the clients from India, South Korea, Macedonia, Japan, etc and all over the world, hope our laser machines can help your business! Brief introduction Qingdao Marking Family Laser Technology Co., LTD is located in the beautiful coastal city—Qingdao, which is a high-tech enterprise with a long-term cooperation with Ocean University of China and Qingdao Agricultural University. We are growing all the time and already have a leading status in laser equipments industry in China. Our company has professional production lines for laser products, a professional research institute for laser products with a number of researchers and senior technicians. We have a strong technical force, advanced laser equipments, perfect testing instruments and have successfully passed ISO9001 and CE certificate. MZLASER adheres to the concept of “professional quality, pursue excellence”, dedicated to the RD, design, production,sales, maintenance of laser products. Our products mainly include 4series: Laser marking machines, Laser cutting machines,Laser carving machines, Pneumatic marking machines and so on ,which including dozens of kinds of products. Our products are widely applied to many fields, such as electronic components, hardware, model making, clothing fabric,leather for shoes, printing and packaging, toys, handicrafts, and other fields. We are striving to build the first brand in laser industry. With high stability, high efficiency and high superior performance, our products sell well at home and abroad, especially exported to Middle East, Europe, South America, Southeast Asia and other oversea regions. We enjoy a high reputation from customers and have a long-term cooperation with Dongfeng Motor, Foton Motor, Haier Group, Hisense, and other China`s famous enterprises. And we also have a good cooperation with South Korea's Samsun, LG, Japan's Sony, Germany's Volkswagen and other world famous enterprises. MZLASER is the application expert in laser industry and is your trusted partner. We will live up to customers` expectation and, as always, firmly supply high quality products and sincere service. Sales Network: We maintain a worldwide sales network in order to provide our customers fast and competent advice. With this service, we have made mzlaser an international CNC Laser Machine brand. 1. Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan. 2. Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi. 3. Cabo Verde, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Central African Republic (CAR), Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Comoros, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Congo, Costa Rica, Cote d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic. 4. Denmark, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic. 5. Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia. 6. Fiji, Finland, France. 7. Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana. 8. Haiti, Honduras, Hong Kong, Hungary. 9. Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy. 10. Jamaica, Japan, Jordan. 11. Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kiribati, Kosovo, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan. 12. Laos, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg. 13. Macedonia, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Marshall Islands, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Micronesia, Moldova, Monaco, Mongolia, Montenegro, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar (Burma). 14. Namibia, Nauru, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, North Korea, Norway. 15. Oman. 16. Pakistan, Palau, Palestine, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal. 17. Qatar. 18. Romania, Russia, Rwanda. 19. Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, San Marino, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, Somalia, South Africa, South Korea, South Sudan, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Syria. 20. Taiwan, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Timor-Leste, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu. 21. Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates (UAE), United Kingdom (UK), United States of America (USA), Uruguay, Uzbekistan. 22. Vanuatu, Vatican City (Holy See), Venezuela, Vietnam. 23. Yemen. 24. Zambia, Zimbabwe. WHY CHOOSE MZLASER? 1. Adhere to the service tenet of customer first,the product quality as our life, the customer's source is the enterprise's wealth. 2. Excellent machine with high rate of ruturns,which could bring continuous profit to your business. 3. Credit and professional manufacturer with over 10 years history, mature advanced technology and humanization management. 4. Rigorous and strict quality control and inspection, to make sure each machine in best working condition before delivery. 5. Quick and convenient One-stop services,which will save the clients' trouble. 6. Perfect after-sales service system: 6.1. The engineers are available for being dispatched overseas for installation,commissioning or even after-sales service. 6.2. Professional remote technical support is available around the clock, by phone or online instant messenger softwares,such as Skype,WhatsApp etc. 6.3. Free training is available from us, to teach you how to properly use the machine or even the software. 6.4. Spare parts could be supplied in the whole life of the machine, which is free in warranty time. COMING INTO MZLASER China Laser Machines Manufacture and Supplier Fiber Laser Marking Machine Workshop Corner MZLASER Laser Engraving Service Center for Metals o Customer Service Center of MZLASER Packing of Fiber Laser Marking Machine Buyers FAQs How to Do Color Engraving on Metal with Fiber Laser Marking Machine? Fiber laser marking machine is widely applied to metals engraving,nowadays many customers have one question:how to do color engraving on metal with fiber laser marking machine? Today we will show you our color engraving on stainless steel with mopa fiber laser color engraving machine.... How to punch chassis numbers with portable dot peen engraving machine How to punch chassis numbers on metals? maybe it is difficult for many person, today, we will introduce you our portable dot peen engraving machine for chassis numbers.It can punch engrave letters, numbers and logos onto metals. Really a easy chassis number punching tools.It support dxf, ai, plt,dwg and other vector file, and you can also choose the fonts you like in our marking software,very easy to use, just takes a... Raycus fiber laser source VS Max fiber laser,which one is better? When you buy a fiber laser marking machine, you will find there aer many laser marking machine manufacturer, and also find the laser machine configuration are also different,becuase of laser source brand,Galvo head brand,control system brand. Today we will compare two hot sale laser source brand Raycus Vs Max... What should i choose from fiber laser marking machine 20w 30w 50 watts For fiber laser marking machine,there are 20 watts to 100 watts available to choose.The more laser power, means the more engraving capacity and higher working efficency for same job... how to make name necklace with our fiber laser engraving machine 50 watts how to make name necklace seems very difficult for some new jewelry starter,but don't worry about it. today we will introduce our fiber laser engraving cutting machine 50 watts for jewelry to teach you how to cut nameplate easily... How Can I Choose a Best Laser Marking Machine Just contact our sales team,and answer them few questions to let them know your laser engraving requirement clearly, they will recommend you a best laser machine as your reference... What's Galvo Scanning Head of Laser Marking Machine Galvo Scanning Head of Laser Marking Machine is also called laser marking head by many customers, there are two high speed and precision wobbling motors inside, used to change the directions of laser beam and get focused by the lens to finish the engraving... FAQ of Laser Marking Machine If this is your first time buying the laser marking machine, you will have many many questions of it for sure, now we listed below frequently asked questions among our customers, and we also gave the short answer. If you have any other questions, just feel free to contact us to talk more details.... MZLASER News Black Laser Marking On Anodized Aluminum With JPT Mopa Fiber Laser Engraving Machine 30 Watts How to black marking on anodized aluminum seems difficult for many fiber laser marking machine user. That's because most of fiber laser marking machine are common Q-switched fiber laser, not JPT mopa fiber laser source. Today we will guide you how to easily get black marking on anodized aluminum surface.... 30W Vs 50W Fiber Laser Marking Machine Difference 30W 50W Fiber Laser Marking Machine is a hot sale metal engraving machine, it is also called fiber laser engraver 30w 50W, Some buyers don't know what difference between 30w and 50w.50 watts fiber laser engraver machine can be thought as the update version of 30w fiber laser marking machine. Its laser power is much stronger than 30 wattts fiber laser. Fiber laser source is just like the engine of car, it has 1.5T and ... Fiber Laser Vs CO2 Laser Which One is Best and Right For You? Fiber laser is best for all metals engraving marking and printing,also no problem for most of no-metal materials, but can't work on transparent materials and wood. While CO2 laser is best for wood engraving and nearly all no-metal materials,but it can't work on metals,of course, if some painted metals, co2 laser is also no problem to do engraving on it.... What's the best mini laser engraving machine for jewelry price For jewelry engraving tool, today we introduce you our fiber laser marking engraving machine for jewelry.Many buyers are keeping looking a best price laser engraving machine,but it seems much price difference even seems all same machine... What can i engrave with a metal fiber laser engraving machine? After you buy fiber laser marking engraving machine, maybe you don't know what you can engrave with fiber laser. Today we will show you some metals engraving or no-metal engraving samples made by fiber laser.Fiber laser is widely applied to nearly 90% materials. It is no problem to do all metals and most of no-metals. ... Solutions for High Contrast Laser Marking of Plastic The laser process terms “laser marking”, “laser etching”, “laser engraving” are often interchanged, however the technical aspects have important distinctions. Degree of depth is the primary distinguishing factor. For plastics Laser Marking, the mechanism is to irradiate the polymer with a high-energy radiation source, e.g., Ytterbium fiber laser. ... Industrial fiber laser engraving machine for metal parts For metal engraving industrial, there many kinds cnc machine to do it. Now we introduce you a new laser engraving machine named fiber laser marking machine, it is mainly for metal engraving. It can work on all metals surface.... Laser Industry News All information you need to know about fiber laser marking machine For some new customer they are very confused how to choose a good quality Laser fiber engraving machine,some customers think the bigger power, the better and some customers thinks the bigger working area, the better.In fact,it is absolutely right,it also depends on your working,kindly contact us, we will introduce the best suitable laser marking machine for you,we are professional in all kinds of fiber laser engraver ... How to Choose a Deep Aluminum Fiber Laser Metal Engraving Machine How to choose a fiber laser marking machine for metal aluminum deep engraving? Today we will tell you what will effect the laser engraving depth on metals.We recommend you our 50w 60w 80 watts fiber laser engraving machine for metal deep engraving... Advantages of hand-held fiber laser welding machine The hand-held fiber laser welding machine is the most convenient laser welding machine in the laser welding machine equipment, with the largest sales volume and the widest range of application. However, it also has advantages and disadvantages. Today, I'd like to explain it to you, so that you can figure out how to choose a hanheld fiber laser welding machine for your working requirement... China Metal Fiber Laser Engraver Machine with Rotary Attachment Fiber laser marking machine is also called fiber laser engraver machine. When you need ring or bracelet or other round parts inside or outside engraving,you have to choose our rotary attachment.... jewelry name plate cutting machine Fiber Laser 50W Fiber laser 50W is also called jewelry name plate cutting machine, or laser engraving machine metal silver gold jewelry cutting machine, because it is mainly for metals engraving,because its high laser power level,so now very popular for jewelry shop to do custom jewelry name plate cutting... How to Print QR Code Logo on Plastic ABS For plastic product surface printing,there are many kinds of tools to do it. today,we introduce you our laser printing machine on abs plastic for logos,letters, and QR or Bar code easily, and the laser marking can't be erazed away.... How to choose from laser marking machine and ink printing machine For product packing and wire,pipe industry, many factories are using ink jet printing machine to print production date or series numbers, but it is easy to wipe away, so now flying laser date code printing machine is now steadily replacing the ink jet printing machine... Friend Links Google Search Yahoo Search Bing Search M&Z Laser Copyright © 2020 Qingdao Marking Family Laser Technology Co.,LTD CHINA TOP QUALITY LASER MACHINE SUPPLIER Get Answers to Your Questions Laser marking machine, Call or Email us. Email:mike@qdmingzu.com or hellomike612@naver.comTel: +86-14753226012Mob/Whatsapp: +86-14753226012Postal Code: 266000 | Official Website: http://www.mzlasertech.com | 8:00 - 17:00 Monday - Saturday Located at: No.107, Yanyang Road, Chengyang District, Qingdao, Shandong, China