Green Tr Skip to content Location Turkey / Istanbul Call Us 05380793432 Home About Us Our Projects Contact Us English English العربية Whatsapp Envelope Facebook Instagram Home About Us Our Projects Contact Us English English العربية Jki-phone-call-line Whatsapp Envelope Instagram Facebook Home About Us Our Projects Contact Us English English العربية Whatsapp Envelope Instagram Facebook Modern Greenhouse Solutions We are a company that provides all services from the project stage to the turnkey greenhouse installation, with its strong coordination team that adheres to its principles, in the field of state of the art greenhouses operating around the world. Contact Us About Green Turkey Green Turkey is a leading company in agricultural engineering and investment in Turkey. We are working in the fruit and vegetable trade, with our long experience, and a specialized working team, using the latest state-of-art equipment and trained in the best agricultural techniques, we seek to provide the customer with the best and the highest quality crops. 25 Years of Industry Experience 12+ Person Agriculture Team 250+ Professional Field Staff Proficiency in 17 Different Fields Experience and professionalism in project implementation and management 0 + Projects Completed Why Choose Us​ CredibilityBy working with us, you will get clear information about the project, the best services you have requested, with high quality and affordable prices. Commitment and responsibilityAt Green Turkey, we are committed to fulfilling all customer orders agreed with them, and to providing our services to the required quality and schedule according to the agreed terms. EqualityWe provide services to our customers without any discrimination based on religion, race, color, or nationality and nothing defines the nature of dealing with customers except the agreement between the customer and us. ContinuouslyWe believe in continuous development and learning, and we continuously strive to develop our knowledge and business techniques to keep up with technology in the industry. Our Services Find The Best Service For Your Project Our company provides agricultural services to customers from zero stages (planting) to harvest. Planning and implementation We coordinate and plan your agricultural project from scratch and take care of it to the highest standards with expert cadres equipped with the latest equipment and technology and based on the latest scientific research and experience in this field Service operations Our team carries out regular crop and farm fertilization services with the most advanced and efficient means in addition to other service operations. Schedule maintenance Our team keeps track of the state of the crops and takes all necessary care with the best engineers and technicians to ensure you get the best harvest results. Product Marketing Our company markets the resulting crops either to local or overseas markets by exporting to other countries, relying on an experienced marketing staff and a network of strong market relationships for a successful agricultural project. Be one of our success partners Need experts to look after your project? Our experienced team specialized in the latest technologies in agriculture and horticulture to ensure that you receive the best services with the highest standards. Make Appointment & Take Care Your BusinessIf you have any questions, you can contact us and get your free consultation now Get Free Consultation Work Process We Complete Every Step Carefully Start Consultation 01 Planning 02 Deployment 03 Finished Work 04 Why invest in this agricultural engineering ? Turkish government supportThe Turkish government attaches great importance to supporting the agricultural sector To reach self-sufficiency and work to promote export. Qualified TeamExperience and professionalism in the implementation and management of the project through an integrated technical staff. Capital preservationThere is no problem with currency fluctuations Return on InvestmentGreat annual return Our Projects Projects We Have Done All Projects Strawberry In Turkey, strawberry cultivation is famous, due to the presence of the appropriate environment for it as well as the appropriate soil,In addition to the availability of expertise and manpower, strawberry cultivation is famous in particular in Kayseri,That state, which is located in the center of Turkey near the capital, Ankara. Read More Mushrooms Mushrooms contain many benefits and are considered a food item, as the ancient Egyptians, Chinese and Greeks used to harvest it from cultivation and it was available in certain seasons where there is moisture. Read More Testimonials What They Says About Us My experience with green turkey is very wonderful, thanks to God first, then to the team working in it, and professional contact with clients. I liked the credibility and clarity. I was looking for an investment to bring in money back in a former Green Deck Company. The reports and periodic reports, God willing, are more than wonderfully organized I am happy to thank them all and I am right to deal with this great company. Linda ahmed I have been searching for a while for agricultural projects to invest in, but I did not find my help in most of the companies and personalities I met, but through my visit to the headquarters of the green turkey company, my visit to the strawberry project, and my meeting with Mr. Muhammad Alwan I found that their work is scientifically based by following up on the latest market research Excellent market study and reduce risks to a very large extent I have not invested with them yet because I am late for the planting date, but I will definitely be with them next season Waled Yaseen We started investing with green turkey With a total area of ​​ten acres So far, after six months, we have not found anything that is contrary to what was explained to us and what was agreed upon God willing, accuracy, whether in information or in time, is a distinctive feature for them We pray to God to complete us and them with good and write us and them success I found that their work is scientifically based by following up on the latest market research Excellent market study and reduce risks to a very large extent I have not invested with them yet because I am late for the planting date, but I will definitely be with them next season Ali Wasef Our Blog Latest News and Articles The reality of avocado cultivation in Turkey Search headlines: an introduction research importance research aims avocado Why is the avocado one of the fruits of... Avocado benefits Search headlines: an introduction research importance research aims avocado Avocado benefits Conclusion the reviewer an introduction Avocados have... Avocado cultivation Search headlines: an introduction research importance research aims avocado Avocado benefits avocado production The right conditions for avocado... All rights reserved to Green Turkey © | 2022-2023 Designed By Eyad Web Development