Maples SPL Call Support (044) 24454719 Login Home About Services Gallery News Contact Our Business is Protecting Yours We ensure, your facility protected 24x7, so rest assured you're in safe and secure hands. Security Solutions for your Safety. State-of-the art command center, equipped with the latest in security technology. Good security, enhance your value. Dedicated 24/7 control center, accessible whenever and wherever you need. WHO WE ARE About Us Maple is a premier security management company lead by Industry Veterans who have more than 4 decades of experience in directly managing security needs of IT/ ITES/ Industrial/ Logistics/ Hospitality sectors etc. MISSION Our mission is to exceed our clients specific and customized security needs by delivering the highest quality of professional security services based on trust and confidence. Deliver an entirely safe, inspirational, and motivational environment for our customers & employees. VISION Our Vision is to provide world class reliable security solutions, tailor made to suit the needs of esteemed clients while we provide them with peace of mind. With the values of integrity, teamwork, attitude and delivery we are passionate about everything related to security. CORE VALUES We value quality partnerships, integrity, exceptional customer service, personal growth, and community leadership. Maples is built on integrity, excellence, customer-centric approach, and a high level of professionalism, all of which are our core values. QUALITY POLICY We strive to provide improving quality services that will exceed service recipient requirements and to respond to our corporate responsibility to our clients, community and employees. We will actively pursue ever improving quality through programs that enable each employee to do their job right the first time and every time. Why Use a Contract Security Service? Security is a key area of investment for any successful venue. The management team of a professional security firm should make a business manager’s life easier by relieving them of the stress of managing their security department. Benefits of Contract Security To Improve Company Focus – Companies that outsource the security function can concentrate their limited resources on their core function. By allowing an outside expert to control these duties those companies can concentrate on meeting their needs. To Gain Access to World Class Capabilities – Contract security vendors make extensive investments in methodologies, technology such as daily activity report software, and people as a result of lessons learned from facing similar challenges across numerous clients. This investment helps reduce your investment in technology, training, etc. To Reduce or Control Operating Costs – Because a security contractor focuses on providing security guard service, they typically have a lower cost structure due to economies of scale. Those reduced costs allow you to focus on activities that increase your competitive advantage. Expertise and Training - When contracting with a security firm, you are not only hiring a security guard, but the expertise of the management team. Their experience in working with clients across the community should provide them insights that can be brought to benefit in your organization as well. Certificate of Membership - CAPSI It is of great delight and pride to inform our customers, we are a Member of Central Association of Private Security Industry - CAPSI (The preeminent organization for security professionals) for TamilNadu and Podicherry. Message × Thank You acknowledge message. Thank You for subscribing to our Newsletter. We will keep you updated. Close Contact us 23/11, Dhanalakshmi Avenue, 2nd Road, Kasturibai Nagar, Adyar, Chennai - 600 020. Telephone: 044 - 24454719 E-mail: support@maplesspl.com Website: www.maplesspl.com quick links About Services Gallery News Contact Newsletter Subscribe to our news letter and get latest updates. We wouldn't spam you Social Links Copyrights © 2024. MaplesSpl. All Rights Reserved. Designed by ColorPages.