Postgraduate School (PGS) Home About Mission Admission Staff Programme Contact Kwara State University Postgraduate School (PGS) Get Started Kwara State University Postgraduate School (PGS) Get Started Kwara State University Postgraduate School (PGS) Get Started DEAN’S WELCOME ADDRESS BRIEF HISTORY OF THE SCHOOL The process for the commencement of Postgraduate Studies in the University began in 2013 when the Postgraduate Council was inaugurated and charged to work out details for the establishment of full-fledged School of Postgraduate Studies. The University postgraduate studies were initially and specially designed to take-off as an in-house training arrangement to assist young staff desirous of pursuing higher degrees. This later culminated in the commencement of full Postgraduate Studies that emerged in the 2014/2015 Academic Session. On behalf of the Management and Board of the School of Postgraduate Studies Kwara State University (KWASU), I would like to congratulate you for making the right decision by choosing KWASU as your University. I am greatly delighted to welcome you to this great University. As you have joined or intend to join KWASU academic community, I would like to assure you that your choice is unregretable as the University is a citadel of learning where your academic aspiration is realized. The commitment of KWASU to academic excellence includingcommunity development has earned the university a world class reputation as recent records have shown this is attested to by Proquest Dissertation and Thesis (PQTD) which provide researchers with on unmatched and reference link functionality that delivers result from across the globe. The university has just been informed by the Agency from the Thesis of our student named Taofeek Abdullazee M.Sc. Accounting whose thesis had been downloaded several times especially in institution domicile in North America. It is worth noting that the university is also commonly referred to as the University of Community Development as highlighted by the founding fathers. The Management and the rest of the Postgraduate School Staff are prepared to serve you and make your stay in KWASU a fulfilling one. I encourage you to visit our website regularly in order to have an idea of what the Post Graduate School has in stock for you. To the international students planning to join KWASU, we encourage you to hatch your plan and make it a reality. KWASU staff and students are very friendly and you will enjoy working and interacting with them. For your information, the School of Postgraduate Studies is linked with the University Senate, the Registry, the Faculties and Departments housing the course of your choice. KWASU staff members are highly experienced and committed to their duties. You will enjoy working with us. Professor Hamzat Ishola AbdulRaheem Dean, School of Postgraduate Studies. MISSION STATEMENT PHILOSOPHY/GOALS The philosophy of KWASU Post-Graduate Education is a holistic vision that intricately blends together a synergy of core values/ideals: global citizenship education, community development, skills and employment creation, as well as sound scholarship in traditional and innovative academic disciplines. The specific programme objectives flowing from this philosophy are to promote and give leadership in: Global Citizenship Education; Community development within a national framework guided by a global orientation; Entrepreneurship Profound and exemplary scholarship in traditional and innovative academic disciplines. The goal of the University’s Postgraduate Studies is not just to become a reference point for academic excellence but to produce persons of outstanding qualities, eminence and integrity through quality teaching and world-class research efforts. OUR MISSION The Mission of the Postgraduate School is to provide research education, and services to public and non-profit organizations that will strengthen administration, leadership and public policy making for community development and effective management of the national resources at large. OUR VISION To be a leading University in Postgraduate Education that produces policy and administrative experts which, can be emulated by other institutions around the world through some core values: Excellence in public affairs and education as manifested through various programmes, research activities; and effective training for the benefit of the public and governments at large; The advancement of ethical governance; An effective merger between theory and its application in practice; The development of relationships between the university, community and government agencies for the purpose of promoting public dialogue and advancing the mission of the University at the Postgraduate School; Research that contributes useful information to public policymakers, administrators, business community and citizens at large. A supportive work that can encourage personal development; AVAILABLE PROGRAMMES FACULTY OF AGRICULTURE Department of Crop Production Master of Science (M.Sc.) Crop Production – Full Time only M.Phil/Ph.D. Crop Production. (Areas of Specialization include: Agronomy, Entomology, Horticulture, Nematology, Plant Breeding and Biotechnology, Soil Fertility and Weed Science) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Crop Production(Areas of Specialization include: Agronomy, Entomology, Horticulture, Nematology, Plant Breeding and Biotechnology, Soil Fertility and Weed Science) Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture Master of Science (M.Sc.) Animal Production Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Animal Production M.Phil/Ph.D. Animal Production) Department of Agricultural Economics and Extension Services Master of Science (M.Sc.) Agricultural Economic and Farm Management Master of Science (M.Sc.) Agricultural Extension & Rural Development ------ Full Time only M.Phil/Ph.D. Agricultural Economic and Farm Management M.Phil/Ph.D. Agricultural Extension and Rural Development Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Agricultural Economic and Farm Management Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Agricultural Extension and Rural Development FACULTY OF ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT OF CIVIL ENGINEERING Master of Engineering (M.Eng.) in Civil Engineering with the following specialisations: • Structural Engineering, • Water Resources Engineering, • Transportation Engineering Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Civil Engineering with the following specialisations: • Structural Engineering, • Water Resources Engineering, • Transportation Engineering DEPARTMENT OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURAL ENGINEERING Master of Engineering (M.Eng.) in Food and Agricultural Engineering Areas of specialization includes: • Food Engineering, • Crop Processing and Storage Engineering, • Soil and Water Engineering, • Farm Power and Machinery Engineering, • Farm Structures and Environmental Control Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Food and Agricultural Engineering Areas of specialization includes: • Food Engineering, • Crop Processing and Storage Engineering, • Soil and Water Engineering, • Farm Power and Machinery Engineering, • Farm Structures and Environmental Control DEPARTMENT OF MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING Master of Engineering (M.Eng.) in Materials Science and Engineering Areas of specialization include: • Chemical Metallurgy, • Materials Developments, • Renewable Energy, • Nanotechnology and Biomaterials Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Materials Science and Engineering Areas of specialization include: • Chemical Metallurgy, • Materials Developments, • Renewable Energy, • Nanotechnology and Biomaterials FACULTY OF EDUCATION Department of Business Education Post Graduate Diploma in Business Education (PGDE) Master of Science (M.Sc.) Business Education (M.Sc. Ed.) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Business Education Department of Early Childhood and Primary Education Master of Education (M. Ed.) Early Childhood Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Early Childhood Department of Kinetic and Health Education Master of Education (M.Ed.) Human Kinetic Education Department of Special Education Master of Education (M.Ed.) Special Education FACULTY OF INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY Department of Computer Science Master Postgraduate Diploma (PGD) Computer Science Master of Science (M.Sc.) Computer Science P.hD. Computer Science FACULTY OF PURE AND APPLIED SCIENCES Department of Biosciences and Biotechnology Postgraduate Diploma (PGD) Microbiology Master of Science (M.Sc.) Microbiology Postgraduate Diploma (PGD) Zoology Master of Science (M.Sc.) Zoology M.Phil/Ph.D. Microbiology Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Microbiology M.Phil/Ph.D. Zoology Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Zoology Department of Biochemistry Master of Science (M.Sc.) Biochemistry M.Phil/Ph.D. Biochemistry Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Biochemistry Department of Chemical, Geological and Physical Sciences Postgraduate Diploma (PGD) Chemistry Postgraduate Diploma (PGD) Industrial Chemistry Master of Science (M.Sc.) Chemistry Master of Science (M.Sc.) Geology Master of Science (M.Sc.) Industrial Chemistry Master of Science (M.Sc.) Physics and Material Science M.Phil/Ph.D. Chemistry M.Phil/Ph.D. Geology M.Phil/Ph.D. Industrial Chemistry M.Phil/Ph.D. Physics and Material Science Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Physics and Material Science Master of Science (M.Sc.) Biochemistry Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Chemistry Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Geology Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Industrial Chemistry Department of Statistics and Mathematical Sciences M.Phil/Ph.D. Statistics Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Statistics Master of Science (M.Sc.) Mathematics M.Phil/Ph.D. Mathematics Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Mathematics FACULTY OF HUMANITIES, MANAGEMENT AND SOCIAL SCIENCES Department of Accounting and Finance Master of Science (M.Sc.) Accounting M.Phil/Ph.D. Accounting Doctor of Philosophy (P.h.D.) Accounting Master of Science (M.Sc.) Finance M.Phil/Ph.D. Finance Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Finance Department of Business and Entrepreneurship Master of Science (M.Sc.) Business Administration (Entrepreneurship Option) M.Phil/Ph.D. Business Administration (Entrepreneurship Option) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Business Administration (Entrepreneurship Option) Master of Science (M.Sc.) Business Administration (Management Option) M.Phil/Ph.D. Business Administration (Management Option) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Business Administration(Management Option) Department of Economics and Development Studies Master of Science (M.Sc.) Economics M.Phil/Ph.D. Economics Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Economics Department of Politics and Governance Master of Science (M.Sc.) Political Science Master of Science (M.Sc.) Public Administration Master of Arts (M.A.) International Relations and Strategic Studies M.Phil/Ph.D. ,Political Science Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Political Science Department of Religions, History and Heritage Studies Master of Arts (M.A.) Islamic Studies Master of Arts (M.A.) Christian Studies M.Phil/Ph.D. Islamic Studies M.Phil/Ph.D. Christian Studies Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Islamic Studies Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Christian Studies Department of English and Linguistics Master of Arts (M.A) English (Language and Literature) M.Phil/Ph.D. English (Language and Literature) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) (Language and Literature Department of English and Linguistics Department of Arabic and French Master of Arts (M.A.) Arabic (Language and Literature) M.Phil/Ph.D. Arabic (Language and Literature) Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Arabic(Language and Literature) ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS • ACADEMIC ACTIVITIES IN THE SCHOOL Academic activities include lectures, seminars, conferences, workshops, field work and so on. POSTGRADUATE SCHOOL PERSONNEL The Management of the School of Postgraduate Studies is invested in the Postgraduate Council and the Management team. The Management team is headed by the Dean, assisted by the Vice Dean and the Secretary to the School. The Secretariat of the Postgraduate School is manned by the Secretary and other Registry staff assist the Registrar to coordinate the activities of the School on behalf of Senate. Postgraduate Diploma (PGD) Programmes The following qualify for admission to Postgraduate Diploma. Graduates of Kwara State University or other recognized Universities. Holders of Higher National Diploma (HND) (not HD) with minimum of Credit pass or its equivalent in relevant areas. Candidates who hold qualifications other than the above, which are acceptable to the Board of School of Postgraduate Studies and Senate of the University. In addition to (i) – (iii) above, a candidate must satisfy the University’s requirements for matriculation. The duration of the PGD Programme is a minimum of 2 semesters and a maximum of 4 semesters. Master’s Degree (Academic and Professional) The following qualify for the admission to Masters’ degree admission: Graduates of Kwara State University or other recognised universities who have obtained the approved degree of Bachelor with a minimum of Second Class Upper Division. Candidates with Second Class Lower Division may, however, be considered for admission. Such candidates may be subjected to qualifying examination. In addition to above, a candidate must satisfy the university’s requirements for matriculation. M.Phil/Ph.D. Candidates to be considered for admission into the Pre-Ph.D. Degree Programmes should have obtained a Master’s Degree with a minimum of 50 to 59.99% Cumulative (Weighted) Average. Such candidates must satisfy the University’s requirements for matriculation. Doctor of Philosophy (Ph. D.) Degree Programmes Candidates to be considered for admission into the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) Degree Programme should have obtained a Master’s Degree with a minimum Cumulative (Weighted) Average Score of 60%. Such candidates must satisfy the University’s requirements for matriculation. OUR STAFF Prof. Hamzat I. AbdulRaheem Dean Email: TEL:08033600564 Dr. Samson O. Odeyemi Sub-Dean Email: TEL: +234-08039160856 Mr. AbdulRafiu Saadu Gold Deputy Registrar/ PG Secretary Email: TEl:+234-08062195218 Mr. Abdulrasaq Dauda Senior Assistant Registrar Email: Tel:+234-08039308602 Mr. Mudashiru Gafar Assistant Registrar Email: Tel:09077435263 Mrs. Amina Jummai Jibril Assistant Registrar Email: Tel:+23408033753597 Mrs. Aderonke Odewande Email: Tel:+234-07033129276 Email: Tel:+234-8062238879 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Postgraduate School, Kwara State University, Malete. Tel: +234-8033600564 Email: pgs@kwasu.edu.ng . Dean Prof. Hamzat I. AbdulRaheem Tel: +234-80-3360-0564 Email: Sub-Dean Dr. Samson O. Odeyemi Tel:+234-80-3916-0856 Email: © Copyright Kwara State University. https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/