Home - Scented Interiors by Design Home About Us About The Company Meet Doreen Testimonials News & Press Branding with Scent Fragrances All Fragrances Bamboo Waters Bergamot Oud Citron & Verbena Citrus & Amber Woods Deep Sea Blue Eucalyptus & Jasmin Exotic Velvet Rose Fleur de Cassis Jade Tea Moroccan Spice Orange Ginger & Lemongrass Vanilla Absolute Printemps Sage Amber Mint Siberian Fir Vetiver Citrus White Cedar Wood Spice Winter Woods Shop Fragrance Oils Room Sprays Scent Systems Fragrance Sampler Deluxe Gift Set Contact Menu Home About Us About The Company Meet Doreen Testimonials News & Press Branding with Scent Fragrances All Fragrances Bamboo Waters Bergamot Oud Citron & Verbena Citrus & Amber Woods Deep Sea Blue Eucalyptus & Jasmin Exotic Velvet Rose Fleur de Cassis Jade Tea Moroccan Spice Orange Ginger & Lemongrass Vanilla Absolute Printemps Sage Amber Mint Siberian Fir Vetiver Citrus White Cedar Wood Spice Winter Woods Shop Fragrance Oils Room Sprays Scent Systems Fragrance Sampler Deluxe Gift Set Contact FRAGRANCE AS ART Creating a Memorable Ambience with Distinctive Luxury Scents A cozy evening by the fire. A day at the beach. A summer garden in full bloom. At Scented Interiors By Design, we believe your brand isn’t just a logo; it’s a complete sensory experience. We provide dynamic fragrance design and branding services to enhance, enliven, transform and bring your interior space to life. Reverse Cable Curl | Exercise Videos & Guides | Bodybuilding.com alphabol The Total-Body Dumbbell Fix | Bodybuilding.com Expert fragrance designer, Doreen Bollhofer, and her team of perfume partners work together to create refined and distinctive fragrances for any home or business. Treat your customers and guests to a welcoming, luxurious environment they’ll remember forever. Branding with Scent INTRODUCING Siberian Fir Reed Diffuser Shop Now Siberian Fir Reed Diffuser & Room Spray Bundle Shop Now DIFFUSERS & SCENT SYSTEMS Create a welcoming and memorable environment with our state-of-the-art sleek and discreet scent systems that can be wall mounted, stand alone or connect with the HVAC, transforming our essential oils into a microscopic mist and providing a steady flow of scent to your desired area.View Scent Systems Meet Doreen Bollhofer As the daughter of an interior designer and builder, Doreen Bollhofer has always had a passion for beauty, and for fragrance. This dual devotion naturally drew her to the world of scent, where steroids on line for over 30 years she has excelled in designing award-winning fragrances for numerous brands — from designers Ralph Lauren, Vera Wang and David Yurman, to celebrities Sarah Jessica Parker and Gwen Stefani, as well as for specialty retailer American Eagle Outfitters and cosmetic companies Avon, Coty and Elizabeth Arden. She has an intrinsic knowledge of scent and its myriad nuances. It is this knowledge of how scent drives emotion, as well as her intuitive ability to create distinctive fragrances that tap into that deep emotion, that sets her apart. Read Doreen’s Story “Some people have a gift; Doreen is one of them. She listens closely, asks direct questions, distills responses and mentally translates. From our first conversation, I knew that Doreen knew what I wanted, as if she was reading my mind.” Charlotte MossPresident Charlotte Moss & Co. Interior Design “Doreen has a unique gift for finding the “soul” of each and every creation and leaving no stone unturned until that soul shines its brightest. It is her unquenchable drive for perfection that moves each creation forward. Doreen’s faith in her perfumers and their work has always made me reach higher and strive to achieve perfection in her fragrances.” Dave ApelVice President, Senior Perfumer "Doreen has a special ability to translate passion and dreams into complex perfume briefs, and to create products that succeed. And her relationships with perfumers allow her to tap into the best perfumery available worldwide." Christophe LaudamielPerfumer Previous Next © 2023 Scented Interiors By Design, LTD | info@scentedinteriors.com | 631-881-4244Privacy Policy | Return Policy Fragrances The Fragrance Collection was custom designed by Founder and expert Fragrance Designer Doreen Bollhofer with the same standard of excellence used in designing the finest perfumes and colognes. Each oil is created with the finest quality of natural essential oils and artistically blended for distinction. All oils are crafted in the USA. Choose one of the scents from our collection to enhance, enliven, and add memorable distinction to your personal or professional space. View the Collection Diffusers Create a welcoming and memorable environment with our state-of-the-art sleek and discreet scent systems that can be wall mounted, stand alone or connect with the HVAC, transforming our essential oils into a microscopic mist and providing a steady flow of scent to your desired area. View Scent Systems Room Sprays A subtle mist of luxury to refresh, enhance and enliven your interior space. Our best-selling diffuser oils now available in a water based richly concentrated spray – ideal for bathrooms and smaller areas Shop Sprays