Cornucopia | AV Resourcing Skip to content Cornucopia AV Resourcing Home About Us Meet The Team Browse Jobs Contact Us Home About Us Meet The Team Browse Jobs Contact Us ConnectingAudio Visual TalentTechnical ManagersSupport TechniciansAV Installation EngineersAV Project ManagersAV TechniciansAV OperationsAbout Us CornucopiaAV are Audio Visual recruitment experts. We partner with some of the leading companies in the Audio Visual industry including events management, corporate HQ’s, AV equipment hire, AV installers, live event organisations and venues. ClientsWe offer an exclusive one to one consulting service through where together we review and assess the best strategy for your business using our expertise alongside leading digital talent attraction and selection techniques.CandidatesCornucopia are in constant communication with top AV companies throughout the United Kingdom and Europe, meaning that when you come to us, we have relationships with companies that are at the top of the industry.Featured Jobs Audio Visual Manager – We have partnered with a global leader in events and A/V technology. They are currently looking for a Audio Visual Manager to join one of their teams! Location: London Salary: £43,000 – £45,000 Read more AV Technical Solutions Manager – We have partnered with a well established AV integration solutions organisation. Due to expansion, they are now looking for a Technical Solutions Manager to join their team. Location: St Albans Salary: £45-50,000 Read more Sales Director Event Production – We have partnered with an award winning creative event production company. They have a brand new opening in the organisation for a Commercial Director. Location: London SE16 Salary: £95,000 Read more Audio Visual Operations Manager – Our client is a well established video technology and events company. Due to growth of the business they have had a new opening for an Operations Manager. Location: Slough Salary: £65,000 Read more Sales Director, Venue Partnerships EMEA – We have partnered with a global leader in event technology. They have had an exciting Sales Director vacancy open up for EMEA venue partnerships. Location: London Salary: £32-36,000 Read more Audio Visual Team Leader – Cornucopia ITR have partnered with a global leader in events and A/V technology. They are currently looking for a Audio Visual Team Leader to join one of their teams! Location: London Salary: £32-36,000 Read more View All JobsTestimonials What They Say Encore is the global leader in end-to-end event planning, creation, production, and technology. Working alongside over 2,100 global venues requires us to be market-leaders when it comes to attracting talent too. Cornucopia (Sam/Luke) have been a long-term partner alongside our Talent Acquisition team, providing bespoke recruitment support for us. The relationship they have developed with Encore, means that they have found relevant candidates on a consistent basis, easily been able to pivot and align with the fast-paced & competitive market we are in, and fully understand the needs of our business. Matt from Encore Global I needed help to rapidly double the software development team building our virtual event platform and I turned to Sam at Cornucopia as he had provided some excellent candidates in the past. With his help we managed to fill all positions with top quality people in an amazingly short space of time. The team at Cornucopia are extremely well connected in the UK, USA and Canada and they work tirelessly to make sure roles are filled with the best possible candidates. Phil from Concise Group Cornucopia AV got me an opportunity of embarking a career to work as an Audio Visuals Technician. They have done a really good job in considering my cv, skills, experience prior to the interview and induction process. The agency staff are positive, professional and supportive in helping anyone get into the field. They have got me a great job working for an excellent company that I see working with in the future. I highly recommend them if you are interested in starting a career in tech! RedWe are open for partnershipGet in touch!Contact us now Cornucopia IT Resourcing Limited64 Goldsworth RoadWokingSurreyGU21 6QLinfo@c-itr.com 2022 © All Rights Reserved | Site by The Marketing Junction 01483 769220info@c-itr.com Go to Top