Apostille Certificate| Attestation| Embassy Legalization Cost, Time Apostille Certificate| MEA Apostille| Embassy Attestation Call Us +91-8882286039 | +91-9718075097 info@abrodex.com Get In Touch Home About Us Our Services State Authentication & Attestation Educational Certificate Attestation Personal Document Attestation Commercial Document Attestation MEA Apostille Certification Educational Certificate Apostille Personal Document Apostille Commercial Document Apostille Embassy Attestation & Legalization Educational Certificate Legalization Personal Document Legalization Commercial Document Legalization Gallery Contact Us Certificate Attestation Services in India Commercial Document Embassy Legalization Services Certificate Apostille Services in India Crtified Translation Services in India Welcome Abrodex Apostille Attestation Services We at Abrodex Consultancy Services, a part of Abrodex India Private Limited is a Certificate Apostille Attestation, Embassy Legalization, Verification and Visa Stamping Services faced Company in Delhi, India. The firm is additionally engaged in Certificate Translation Services in various foreign languages which are being completed by Embassy authorized Translators in Delhi. Read More... 100% Reliable Services 97% Clients Retention On Time & Pocket Friendly Charges Team Abrodex New Delhi, India Who We Are Our Vision We at Abrodex Consultancy Services, a part of Abrodex India Private Limited is a Certificate Apostille Attestation, Embassy Legalization, Verification and Visa Stamping Services faced Company in Delhi, India. The firm is additionally engaged in Certificate Our Mission At Abrodex India Private Limited, our vision is to be the best company in the world in the eyes of our Customers, Shareholders, Communities and People. We expect and demand the best we have to offer by always keeping Abrodex Consultancy’s values. Our Values In Abrodex India Private Limited, we will continue to refine our quality, expand our capabilities, increase our efficiency, and elevate the superior level of customer service we now provide to heighten the standard of excellence we have set in the industry. COMPANY STATS 13 + Years of Experience 30+ Engineers & Staff 150+ Machines Variety 900+ Satisfied Clients Our Services Read More Enquiry Now Certificate Attestation Services When someone is applying a visa, then the candidate has to complete some of their personal document and Certificate Attestation is required from the concern authority and departments. Read More Enquiry Now MEA Apostille Services Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), Government of India is the supreme authority for MEA Apostille in India. The MEA Apostille is required for those countries who are the members of HCC. Read More Enquiry Now Embassy Legalization Services When a destination Country is not a Hague Conventional Country then all the require documents for visa or export purposes will be Legalized from Embassy or Consulate of the country in India. Read More Enquiry Now Translation Services Some Countries require translation of India issued documents into their national languages. Translation will be done from Embassy authorized translators in India after Attestation. Appointment Get A Free Appointment Send Message Our Clients Address C-228, New Ashok Nagar, Delhi - 110096, India Contact Number +91-9718075097, 8882286039 Email Address info@abrodex.com Contact Now About Us At Abrodex India Private Limited, our vision is to be the best company in the world in the eyes of our Customers, Shareholders, Communities and People.Read More... Our Menu Home About Us Our Services Gallery Contact Us Our Services Consultancy Services Travel & Tour Services Processing & Export Services Engineering Services Visit Our Studio At Weekly Breaking News Analysis And Cutting Edge Advices On Job Searching. Website Designed By : Saiway Tech .