Defence Reserves Association Login Home About Us Patron DRA National Officer Bearers NSW State Branch Office Bearers NT State Branch Office Bearers QLD State Branch Office Bearers SA State Branch Office Bearers TAS State Branch Office Bearers VIC State Branch Office Bearers WA State Branch Office Bearers Our Sponsors FAQs about the DRA About the DRA Membership Join the DRA About DRA Membership Newsletters and Journal The Australian Reservist Catalogue Around the Branches The Australian Reservist Book Prizes Conferences & Meetings Latest News 2023 DRA Conference 2022 DRA Conference 2021 DRA Conference 2020 DRA Conference 2019 DRA Conference 2018 DRA Conference 2016 DRA Conference DRA Media Releases DRA AGM and Branch Reports What's On? National & State Events Past Events Photo Gallery Calendar Further Information Associations Australian Defence Medal Certificates of Service for Reserve Personnel Defence Links Defence Publications Help with this website Military Links TASMAN Scheme Contact Us The DRA welcomes past & present Reservists The Defence Reserves Association (DRA) is a tri-service organisation supporting the Australian Defence Force (ADF), promoting the interests, and safeguarding the concerns of the Defence Reserve component of the ADF 2021 DRA Conference Outcomes View the video recordings from the 2021 Online Conference The Australian Reservist View the latest issue ... ‹ › Latest News ESORT Communique - December 2023 This is the latest ESORT communique. It summarises the outcomes of the 7th December ESORT Meeting, attended by the DRA representative. Read more... Presentations from the 2023 Defence Reserves Association Conference Presentations from the 2023 Defence Reserves Association Conference 19 August 2023 "What the Defence Strategic Review means for the ADF’s Reserves" Read more... Defence Reservists Deserve Non-Liability Health Care The Defence Reserves Association (DRA), the Defence Force Welfare Association (DFWA), and the Returned & Services League of Australia (RSL), have written a joint letter to the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs and Defence Personnel, Matt Keogh, seeking his support for the extension of health care to all those serving in the reserve forces. Read more... DVA Information Access Unit The Information Access Unit has been established within DVA, to serve as a single point of contact and source of advice to applicants seeking information. Read more... Newsletters from the Western Australia Branch The July 2023 Western Australia branch newsletter is now on line. Read more... Update – Royal Commission into Defence and Veterans’ Suicides A message to everyone in the Defence and Veteran communities My name is Nick Kaldas and I am the Chair of the Royal Commission into Defence and Veteran Suicide. I am writing to you to let you know who we are at the Royal Commission and what we hope to achieve as we deliver on the very important task that we have been set. Read more... Defence Legislation Amendment (Discipline Reform) Bill 2021 A recent review of the ADF’s discipline system found that the current summary discipline system is overly complex, difficult to use, unresponsive and characterised by excessive delay because of its complexity. A Bill to reform the ADF’s military discipline system was introduced into Parliament on 12 August 2021. Read more... Newsletters from the Victorian Branch The June 2023 Victorian branch newsletter is now on line. Read more... Terms of Reference – Royal Commission into Defence and Veterans’ Suicides The Defence Reserves Association (DRA), which is a joint organisation, is the only advocacy group specifically representing Defence Reservists and our position is that the Australian Government needs to take appropriate measures to enhance the health and wellbeing of all Reservists. As such the DRA considers that the Terms of Reference of the proposed Royal Commission into Defence and Veterans’ Suicides should be broadened to include Reservists who have had lengthy periods of service in the ADF, but have not been required or given an opportunity to undertake any period of permanent service (which would have entitled them to apply for a White Card). Read more... Changes to Defence Reserve Service (Protection) Act 2001 The amendments to the Defence Reserve Service (Protection) Act 2001 came into effect on 27 Nov 2017. The changes to the Act relate to the following areas: - Protection against discrimination- Employment protection- Partnership protection- Education protection- Financial liability and bankruptcy protection- Enforcement of the Act and remedies that are available. Read more... Veterans’ Covenant, The Veteran Card, Lapel Pin and ADF Reserves With some limited exceptions, a different Lapel Pin, but no Veteran Card is being provided by DVA to ADF Reservists who have not had a period of full-time service.The decision to introduce a Lapel Pin and Veteran Card, including a different Lapel Pin and no Veteran Card to ADF Reservists who had no period of full-time service, was taken without the considered consultation such a decision warrants. At no time was the DRA consulted or asked for an opinion on this matter. Read more... DVA focus on the Welfare of Special Forces members impacted by Afghanistan Inquiry DVA sends a letter to the DRA outlining the support they are providing to any veterans or their family members who may be concerned or impacted by the Afghanistan Inquiry or its findings. Read more... What's New Presentations from the 2023 Defence Reserves Association Conference Presentations from the 2023 Defence Reserves Association Conference 19 August 2023 "What the Defence Strategic Review means for the ADF’s Reserves" Read more... Defence Reservists Deserve Non-Liability Health Care The Defence Reserves Association (DRA), the Defence Force Welfare Association (DFWA), and the Returned & Services League of Australia (RSL), have written a joint letter to the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs and Defence Personnel, Matt Keogh, seeking his support for the extension of health care to all those serving in the reserve forces. Read more... Latest Victorian Branch Newsletter The January 2022 Victorian branch newsletter is now on line- it includes:- The President's Message.- Victorian Reservists recognised in the Australia Day Honours List.- Advice from DVA regarding free Rapid Antigen Tests.- Call for nominations for the Employer Support Awards 2022. Read more... 2021 National Conference Outcomes What would the Government demand from the Reserves in preparing for war; how this would be achieved by the ADF; where the ADF might employ the Reserves; and when the Reserves are likely to be mobilised / deployed? Read more... Royal Commission The DRA considers that the Terms of Reference of the proposed Royal Commission into Defence and Veterans’ Suicides should be broadened. Read more... Remembering Them A new free App and website - "Remembering Them" now offers a comprehensive record of Australia’s war heritage sites available to all Australians at the click of a button. Read more... Join the DRA Subscribe to website Renew Your Membership Donate to the DRA Sponsors StreamScape provided and supports the DRA website and membership engagement system Read more... You can sponsor the DRA in many forms: financially or through "in kind" services. For sponsorship enquiries use the Contact Form here and select "Sponsor the DRA" as the nature of the enquiry. Read more... Big Sky Publishing is an Australian owned, independent publisher specialising in producing high quality non-fiction books in areas including Military History, History and Autobiographies by Australian authors. They have an extensive Australian Military History book catalogue and also have published a number of books produced by the Australian Army History Unit. Big Sky Publishing support the DRA with a book prizes for articles published in the DRA journal which have a historical theme. Read more... Ontime Publications publish a number of magazines and journals for various organisations including a number of Defence Associations. They support the DRA by publishing the DRA Journal - "The Australian Reservist" which is produced biannually. The generation of advertising revenue offsets the cost of printing an enables the DRA to produce a high quality magazine. Read more... The Pratt Foundation supported the Defence Reserves Association with a generous grant to enable the establishment of the DRA's original online presence. Read more... Telstra generously provided a grant to develop the Defence Reserves Association's original website. Read more... X Login to Members Area Email Address Password Remember Me? Forgotten password? Login X Login to Members Area Email Address Password Remember Me? Forgotten password? Login Copyright © DRA - Defence Reserves Association | Privacy Policy A Smart Organisation Powered by Streamscape