Varna Eye - Explore the Wonders of Varna’s Heritage and Walks Skip to content Home About Why Choose Varna? Want to Join Our Team? Walks Varna Eye City Guides Book a Private VIP Guided Tour History Resources Local Hotels Varna Cuisine Restaurants VIP Bistro and Family Cuisine International Cuisine Local Wellness Spas Concierge Services Health Services Varna Events Gallery Contact Us Menu Home About Why Choose Varna? Want to Join Our Team? Walks Varna Eye City Guides Book a Private VIP Guided Tour History Resources Local Hotels Varna Cuisine Restaurants VIP Bistro and Family Cuisine International Cuisine Local Wellness Spas Concierge Services Health Services Varna Events Gallery Contact Us Search Search Close this search box. Facebook-f Instagram Tripadvisor Varna City Varna’s Walks, Private Evening Guided Tours and History What makes Varna so appealing to history buffs? 10 - 15 Minute Simple Walks Walking History of the City of Varna Temple St. Atanasii Church "St. Athanasius" is the former bishop’s residence in Varna.... More Raycho Marinov The discoverer of the oldest worked gold in the world in Oct 1972 by Raycho Marinov... More 1698 Nicholas Sanson cartography Map of the Balkans Nicholas Sanson 1698 map of The Balkans and Northern Europe ... More 1851 Establishment of direct sea line Tsarigrad (Turkish) – Varna 1851 Establishment of direct sea line Tsarigrad (Turkish) – Varna... More The Pantheon The pantheon was unveiled in 1961 and it's located in the sea garden in Varna.... More Park Museum Vladislav Varnenchik The park has a mausoleum to King Vladislav and is devoted to a battle held in Varna in 1444. ... More Varna's Historic City VarnaEye is excited to present its new ‘15 to 20 minute’ Varna Historic City Trails, which provide you an overview of the city’s century-old history.Together with Christian Oblakov, one of the most reputable professional history guides in Varna, we created “The Historic Trails of Varna.”While exploring “Varna Ancients Trails of Roman and Byzantium periods,” we’ll also pay particular attention to the city’s 19th-century architecture.Our Varna Eye History Archive is a treasure trove of Varna History and interesting anicdotes. Private Evening Guided Tours at 7pm The cool of the evening is the ideal time to take one of our private excursions beginning at a established position within the city and lasts around two hours, during which your guide informs and presents you with the wonderful history of Varna. Book a Private Guided Tour Siege of Varna 1828 Our Varna Eye Archive Varna History The building of the restaurant “Five Corners” The structure currently accommodates the "Five Corners" restaurant. Monuments of Varna Various monuments in Varna from different eras are featured in the extensive book, which also includes articles and images. Varna – Architecture and Construction1944 -1990 Architechture of Varna during the communist periods from 1944 to 1990 Show More Subtitle Walking Facilities travelling Tourist Information Visit Varna the municipailities toruism website full of useful informaton. men-and-women-toilet-sign Public Toilets There are only a few public toilets (1 or 2 lev) available locally, but most cafes and restaurants have them. food-and-drink Cafes & Bars There are plenty to choose from , try the ones out of the way for really good value. Drinking Fountains There are several drinking fountains dotted around, but always take a bottle of water with you. Travel Light It's best to travel light and with minimum of cash and credits cards , take only enough for the day and a bottle of water. person-insurance Street Safety When crossing a road make sure you leave plenty of time and watch the traffic. The pavements are uneven so be aware. Varna Local Weather Varna Local Weather Offering introductory walks of Varna, a city for tourism and history, as well as family pleasure. If you want to learn more, arrange a complete tour with one of our experienced experts. Facebook-f Instagram Tripadvisor Site Links Home About Walks History Varna Events Gallery Join Our Team Contact Us Useful Resources Varna City Guides Concierge Service Museums Local Hotels Restaurants Taxis Public Transport Varna Tourism Centre Get in Touch Unit 5, Enterprise Court, Nicholson Rd, Ryde PO33 1BD, United Kingdom contact@varnaeye.com +44 (0) 7950 971178 © 2024 Varna Eye. Designed & Maintained by PC Consultants Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase TextIncrease Text Decrease TextDecrease Text GrayscaleGrayscale High ContrastHigh Contrast Negative ContrastNegative Contrast Light BackgroundLight Background Links UnderlineLinks Underline Readable FontReadable Font Reset Reset