Curry N Fizz – Indian Cuisine Skip to content Home Menu Food Menu1 Food Menu2 Lunch Menu Drink Menu Gift Card Reservation Reviews Blogs Gallery Career Cater With Us Menu Home Menu Food Menu1 Food Menu2 Lunch Menu Drink Menu Gift Card Reservation Reviews Blogs Gallery Career Cater With Us Order online CURRY ‘N’ FIZZ INDIAN CUISINEONLINE oRDERCURRY ‘N’ FIZZ INDIAN CUISINEONLINE oRDERCURRY ‘N’ FIZZ INDIAN CUISINEONLINE oRDER Previous slide Next slide Welcome To Curry ‘N’ Fizz Our Story The Story Located in the center of Alberta, Canada, Curry n Fizz is a genuine Indian restaurant. Our narrative is a tasty trip that started with a desire to introduce Alberta’s varied palates to the rich tapestry of Indian cuisine.We at Curry n Fizz take great pleasure in being more than simply an Indian restaurant; we are chefs who create dishes that each vividly depict the rich fabric of India’s varied flavors. We truly love the art of Indian cooking and want to spread the warmth and hospitality that India is known for, which is why we are dedicated to providing an amazing dining experience.Discover the true essence of Indian cuisine at Curry n Fizz, where each dish is a symphony of spices and flavors meticulously crafted to tantalize your taste buds. From the sizzling street food of Mumbai to the royal indulgence of Mughlai delicacies, our menu is a celebration of India’s culinary heritage. Indian Taste 100% Organic Delicious Desi Food Our Speciality Specials Menu VEG SPRING ROLLS $11.99 V, DF CHILLI PANEER/TOFU $16.99 GF EGGPLANT BHAJJIA $16.99 GF TANDOORI MURG $17.99 GF OLD DELHI BUTTER CHICKEN $18.99 GF Best Quality Foods Curry n Fizz offers the best Indian food in Alberta, redefining your dining experience with a symphony of flavors. Every dish reflects our passion to quality and excellence, so every mouthful is proof of our commitment to serving the highest caliber of food. Join us on a culinary adventure where “Best Quality Foods” is more than just a slogan—it’s our pledge to serve you food that is flawless. Curry & Fizz is where quality meets authenticity, from the rich aroma of our aromatic curries to the fizz of our specialty cocktails, delivering an amazing dining experience for our valued guests. Enjoy the culinary expertise of our chefs as they expertly create each dish with the freshest ingredients and the ideal balance of spices. We take great pleasure in offering a cuisine that highlights the depth and complexity of Indian culinary traditions as your go-to Indian restaurant in Alberta. Come experience a new level of dining at Curry n Fizz. Experience the delicious fusion of the “Best Quality Foods” with the cozy atmosphere that characterizes our restaurant. Whether you’re a seasoned fan of Indian food or a visitor ready to discover more, our dedication to quality guarantees that each visit is an exquisite feast of unmatched flavor. Services fresh Foods At Curry n Fizz, we take great pleasure in creating a dining experience that highlights the essence of seasonality. We distinguish ourselves as indian restaurant i Alberta for a genuinely flavorful and revitalizing dining experience thanks to our dedication to using the freshest ingredients. Experience the succulent quality of our hand-picked premium meats and the crispness of our garden-fresh vegetables—all of which come together to offer you the best of fresh Indian cuisine. Curry n Fizz’s chefs are committed to crafting culinary masterpieces that embodie the true flavors and vibrancy of India using these premium ingredients. 0 + Food Variant 0 + Person Capacity Our Client's Liza Nixon Curry n Fizz is an absolute treasure for Albertans who enjoy Indian food! That's my favorite Indian restaurant because of the genuine flavors and cozy atmosphere. They stand out due to their dedication to providing the best Indian food. Ramon Tran Even as an expert on Indian food, Curry n Fizz surpassed my expectations. It's the best Indian restaurant in Alberta because of its extensive menu and first-rate service. I keep coming back for more of their delicious food! Avery Wallace I happened upon Curry n Fizz and was drawn in right away by the cozy ambiance and the aroma of spices. It was the best Indian restaurant experience in Alberta. A must-try for anyone looking to experience real food in its purest form. Emily H. After visiting a number of Indian eateries in Alberta, Curry n Fizz sticks out for its dedication to excellence and its flawless fusion of traditional spices. The food truly embodies the best of Indian cuisine. Patel Family Our family's go-to place for Indian food is now Curry n Fizz. It's the best Indian restaurant in Alberta because of the unique flavors and freshly made ingredients. The menu genuinely pleases every palate. Menus Our Menus Curry n Fizz welcomes you with carefully crafted menus that offer a culinary journey celebrating the richness of Indian cuisine in Alberta. Our menus are a symphony of flavors. We promise an extraordinary dining experience, with every dish reflecting our commitment to excellence. Our menus at Curry n Fizz are made to accommodate a wide range of tastes and preferences. Our culinary options promise an amazing experience that blends the best of traditional and modern flavors, whether you’re an experienced fan of Indian food or a novice keen to learn more. Come enjoy the extraordinary with us at Curry n Fizz! RICE& NOODLES Parde Wale Biryani / Jeera Rice / Peas Pulao SOUP & SALAD Lentil Shorba / Dhaniya Aur Tamatar Ka Shorba EASTERN DELIGHTS Chilli Chicken / Chilli Paneer / Momosdf Reserve Reserve A Table Make a reservation at Curry n Fizz, the best Indian restaurant in Alberta, to elevate your dining experience. Enter a world where hospitality reigns supreme and flavors come to life. We cordially welcome you to savor the abundance of our menu, which has been thoughtfully designed to highlight the wide range of Indian culinary customs. Make A reservation Address CURRY N FIZZ 109-519 1 ST. W, COCHRANE AB Phone (403) 932-1418 Email Address [email protected] Curry ‘N’ Fizz Timing Thursday to Friday: 11Am to 2:30PM (breakfast) /4Pm to 9PM (dinner)Saturday: 12PM to 9PM Sunday: 12PM to 9PM Facebook Instagram @ 2023 Curry N Fizz Indian Cuisine. All Right Reserved Site Lovingly Designed by: Udeal Solutions (www.udeal.ca). Contact: 403 888 6027 Product has been added No products in the cart. Explore Food Items