Fresh Gomti Bread in Lucknow - +91 9807171113 Gomti Foods Our Story Welcome to Gomti Foods, a bakery manufacturing company located in the heart of Lucknow, run by Mr.Satpal Batra and his team. We specialize in producing premium quality bread, buns, rusk and other bakery items for our customers. With over 30 years of experience in the bakery industry, we have been fulfilling the needs of households, cafes and restaurants across the city.At Gomti Foods, we work with the belief that bread and bakery products should not only be delicious but also be healthy. That’s why we source the finest ingredients, and our products are 100% vegetarian and made with no added artificial colors or flavors. We are committed to producing high-quality baked goods using tried and true recipes that have been passed down through generations.Our extensive product range includes a variety of breads, buns, and rusks.From classic whole wheat bread to soft burger buns, twe have something for everyone. Along with the bakery items, we also provide customized bakery products for various events such as birthdays, weddings, and corporate events. We can customize our products to cater to your specific needs.We believe that quality should never be compromised, which is why we use only the freshest ingredients and the latest equipment to produce our baked goods. We also make sure that our packaging is secure and eco-friendly, minimizing our impact on the environment.At Gomti Foods, we take pride in our work, and our dedicated team of experts ensures that our products are always of the highest quality. We value our customers and aim to provide them with the best possible service. So whether you’re a cafe owner, restaurant manager or home baker, we have everything you need to create amazing baked goods. Our Product Gomti SandwichPremium Bread Gomti FamilyPremium Bread Shan-e-GomtiPremium Bread Lena-DenaPremium Bread ShalimarPremium Bread Dhan-LaxmiPremium Bread Testimonial "We are really loving the bread and it's almost like the guests had a tip that we got new bread or something » because the hoagies have been selling like crazy. Really like the quality a lot better and the freshness is key. Thanks a lot." We Are Social Contact Us ! Address: C-1,C-2 Talkatora Industrial Area, Lucknow +91 98071 71113 Home Contact Us Blogs Contact Us ×