Home – NCDFGroup Holdings Skip to content Company About us Our People & Culture Investor relations Leadership Our Portfolios ForeMedia Group UK Limited Grovesnor Energy Nigeria Limited Konto Financial Technology Nigeria Limited African Creative City Limited Fatherland Community LLC US Fameet Technology LLC US NCDFHomes Limited Fatherland Travels & Tours Limited Tuloh International Limited UK ForeMedia Studios Nigeria Limited Capabilities Financial Inclusion Infrastructure and Climate Gender, Diversity and Inclusion Affordable Housing Technology & AI Entertainment Media Culture & Tourism Renewable Energy Where We Operate United Kingdom America Nigeria Sustainability Our Impact Climate Change Business Integrity Reporting Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) Menu Company About us Our People & Culture Investor relations Leadership Our Portfolios ForeMedia Group UK Limited Grovesnor Energy Nigeria Limited Konto Financial Technology Nigeria Limited African Creative City Limited Fatherland Community LLC US Fameet Technology LLC US NCDFHomes Limited Fatherland Travels & Tours Limited Tuloh International Limited UK ForeMedia Studios Nigeria Limited Capabilities Financial Inclusion Infrastructure and Climate Gender, Diversity and Inclusion Affordable Housing Technology & AI Entertainment Media Culture & Tourism Renewable Energy Where We Operate United Kingdom America Nigeria Sustainability Our Impact Climate Change Business Integrity Reporting Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) Get in Touch Company About us Our People & Culture Investor relations Leadership Our Portfolios ForeMedia Group UK Limited Grovesnor Energy Nigeria Limited Konto Financial Technology Nigeria Limited African Creative City Limited Fatherland Community LLC US Fameet Technology LLC US NCDFHomes Limited Fatherland Travels & Tours Limited Tuloh International Limited UK ForeMedia Studios Nigeria Limited Capabilities Financial Inclusion Infrastructure and Climate Gender, Diversity and Inclusion Affordable Housing Technology & AI Entertainment Media Culture & Tourism Renewable Energy Where We Operate United Kingdom America Nigeria Sustainability Our Impact Climate Change Business Integrity Reporting Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) Menu Company About us Our People & Culture Investor relations Leadership Our Portfolios ForeMedia Group UK Limited Grovesnor Energy Nigeria Limited Konto Financial Technology Nigeria Limited African Creative City Limited Fatherland Community LLC US Fameet Technology LLC US NCDFHomes Limited Fatherland Travels & Tours Limited Tuloh International Limited UK ForeMedia Studios Nigeria Limited Capabilities Financial Inclusion Infrastructure and Climate Gender, Diversity and Inclusion Affordable Housing Technology & AI Entertainment Media Culture & Tourism Renewable Energy Where We Operate United Kingdom America Nigeria Sustainability Our Impact Climate Change Business Integrity Reporting Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) Who We Are NCDFGroup acts as a strategic umbrella for a diverse range of emerging ventures, encompassing fintech, renewable energy, affordable housing, distribution line technology, travel & tourism, and entertainment sectors. These enterprises are dedicated to tackling developmental hurdles in Africa and beyond, offering innovative products and services that blend social or environmental impact with financial sustainability. Our Transformation Empowering Voices: Fostering Inclusivity and Equity Read More Digital financial technology accelerating financial inclusion Read More Leveraging Technology and AI for Sustainable Development Read More Play Video Navigating Our Path: Unveiling Lucrative Market Horizons Our journey started in 2001 with Transatlantic Exchange Services. In 2010 the Chairman/CEO Hareter Babatunde Oralusi obtaining approval to established the Nigerian Capital Development Fund (NCDF), fostering impactful community investments. In 2018, NCDFGroup Holdings Limited was established in the UK. Recent estimates project a potential increase in African Diaspora (US) purchasing power in the US from $976 billion to $1.6 trillion by 2021. With Africa’s projected population surpassing India and China combined by 2050, coupled with rapid urbanization and a burgeoning middle class, vast opportunities emerge, with consumer spending forecasted to hit $1.4 trillion in three years and business-to-business spending reaching $3.5 trillion in eight years. Financial Inclusion Infrastructure & Climate Gender, Diversity & Inclusion Affordable Housing Technology & AI Entertainment Media Culture & Tourism Renewable Energy Our impact companies are the champions Our success is founded on the exceptional performance of each entity within our group. Explore what distinguishes them and makes their achievements truly remarkable. ForeMedia Group Limited Company Location: United Kingdom ForeMedia Group serves as a natural extension and catalyst for the creative talent of African descendants and beyond. The company builds a digital ecosystem for aspiring talents to learn, create, distribute, and monetize across the entire digital entertainment landscape, providing a platform for African creatives to have a global voice. Learn More Grovesnor Energy Nigeria Limited Company Location: Nigeria Grovesnor Energy is at the forefront of developing renewable power generation and grid distribution projects across rural communities in Nigeria and Africa. Committed to providing reliable and low-cost power, the company aims to address climate change and achieve net-zero emissions. Learn More Konto Financial Technology Nigeria Limited Company Location: Nigeria KontoCredit is a fintech company that empowers low-income families, farmers, artisans, traders, and students through transformative financial products and services. It enables the building of credit history and facilitates purchasing goods on credit through agency finance. Learn More African Creative City Limited Company Location: Nigeria African Creative City is a sustainable real estate development project located at Agonrin Sea Beach, Badagry West LCDA, Badagry, Lagos State, Nigeria. It offers a unique blend of entertainment, education, tourism, and luxury diaspora residential villas, making it a world-class green city. Learn More Fatherland Community LLC Company Location: United States FC is a membership platform dedicated to embracing and enhancing Afrocentric Lifestyles. Our community is tailored to meet the unique needs of our members, offering an unparalleled experience as the No. 1 destination for Afrocentric living. Learn More Fameet Technology LLC Company Location: United States Fameet is an Ancestry Social Network platform that allows users to connect with their family and lineage online. It keeps users in close touch with their family and enables them to learn more about their family and ancestors. Learn More NCDF Homes Limited Company Location: Nigeria NCDF Homes is dedicated to improving lives in Africa through innovative real estate, financial services, and technology. The company develops affordable housing and offers accessible financing solutions, empowering low-income homebuyers to purchase, sell, and own homes according to their preferences. Learn More Fatherland Travels & Tours Limited Company Location: Nigeria Fatherland Travels is a marketplace platform that allows people to create tour programs within their community and enables holiday makers and agencies to purchase tour packages at very affordable prices. Learn More Tuloh Internation Limited UK Company Location: United Kingdom Tuloh International is committed to fostering economic mobility for all individuals by facilitating access to quality employment and income opportunities, thereby improving the lives of both individuals and their families. Our focus lies in training and placing young individuals into international careers, with a special emphasis on opportunities within the United Kingdom, United States, and the European Union, which might otherwise be out of reach. Learn More ForeMedia Studios Nigeria Limited Company Location: Nigeria ForeMedia Studios, the creative powerhouse behind ForeMedia i.o, is a dedicated production brand specializing in creating compelling movies, series, documentaries, and podcasts. Our commitment extends to the complete content cycle, from creation to distribution on the ForeMedia i.o digital platform. ForeMedia Studios serves as a comprehensive hub for content production, our mission is to revive the true essence and pride of Africa and Africans, both on the continent and in the diaspora. Learn More Our People and Culture Our impact investing company’s culture revolves around the importance of our people and communities. We collaborate with exceptional leaders across all levels of our organisation, essential in driving our progress. Discover what makes NCDF Group UK an invigorating and rewarding workplace. Latest News and Insights Uncategorized Why Africa Is Primed for Impact Investing. READ FULL ARTICLE Uncategorized Seizing the Opportunity in Emerging Market Green Investments READ FULL ARTICLE Uncategorized Ethnic Minority Businesses and Access to Finance in the United Kingdo READ FULL ARTICLE No posts found 20th January, 2024 Impact & ESG Download PDF 20th January, 2024 Capabilities Download PDF 20th January, 2024 NCDFGroup Management Report and Financial Statements 2024 Download PDF Information Cookies Privacy Policy Fraud Warning Contact Us Community London School of Social Enterprise and Sustainable Economics Fatherland Foundation Fortune Entrepreneur NCDFGroup America NCDFGroup Nigeria Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter