nestCDC Marketing Agency nestCDC Marketing Agency HOME ABOUT SERVICES CONTACT MENU SCROLL DOWN 01 Deliver unique, enticing and purposeful content that drives your business growth 02 Build your digital platforms with thoughtful messaging that produces actual results 03 Create real, creative and effective solutions for your target customers to acquire & retain loyalty CAPTURE, COMMUNICATE, IMPRESS & GROW WORK WITH nestCDC MARKETING AGENCY CREATIVE | DIGITAL | CONTENT NestCDC is a creative digital marketing agency based in Cairo. We make every online experience people have with your business meaningful. Serving SMEs and startups in almost every industry, in Egypt and the world. NestCDC Marketing Agency is part of NESTGROUP, a smart marketing and business solutions company registered in Egypt. NEST CDC? Our Services 01 Maintain consistency on every touchpoint. brand messaging, positioning and voice wrapped in a style guide to web and social media branding. 02 Great design means great impressions. logos, themes, templates, social posts, digital ads, signage, infographics, motion graphics and more.. 03 Your website is your home, we make it cozy for visitors. Custom-made responsive enterprise websites developed and designed with your user in mind. Web-based systems, solutions and more.. 04 Build your brand recognition as an industry leader with every search. SEO, SEM, PPC and all the acronyms that aim to amplify your market reach, attract your ideal customers and increase profitability. 05 Access the untapped market of billions of users every minute of the day. Setup, management, scheduling, monitoring, optimization, advertising and more.. Connect and promote your products and services with social media marketing on any platform. 06 Deliver a memorable audiovisual experience to your customers on the go. Social, motion, podcasts, corporate production and more.. We turn ideas to concepts under a creative strategy and offer scripting, photography and video production coupled with captioning, narration and sound services. Why nestCDC We’re creative, experienced professionals who walk the walk, and we do that with you. Expect an agile team of dedicated experts in creative, digital marketing and content. We deliver great work and measure just how great it truly is by using performance marketing and campaign monitoring tools to give you a lot of bang for your buck. Our Promise Creative concepts that define and reflect the very core of your brand and your campaigns. Digital solutions for your business.. Whether an established brand or a startup that is looking to show and grow, using tools that are best aligned with objectives. Content that captures the interest of your audience in the language of your choice, influence their emotional response and inspire them to take action. Your online presence needs an upgrade.. We're one call away. Interactive digital experiences that turn heads and touch hearts. Joseph Tito Road, New Nozha Cairo, Egypt hello@NestCDC.com +20 22 192 7351 NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE Connect with us Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube TikTok nestCDC • All Right Reserved 2022 Part of Nest Group LLC