Lazma HOME :: EQUIPMENT :: INFORMATION :: CONTACTS Diagnostic equipmentOphthalmologic apparatus Equipment ArticlesArticlesNews Contacts EQUIPMENT Diagnostic equipment Ophthalmologic apparatus [11.12.2021] An experiment to study blood microcirculation has been launched on the ISS The LASMA PF analyzer was sent to the ISS to study microcirculation and metabolism in astronauts. read >> CONTACTS: Tel/fax +7 495 7809230, tel +7 495 7809231, tel +7 901 5350615. Mailing address: Moscow, 123458, Russia, Tvardovsky st., 8, Technopark “Strogino” SPE "LAZMA" E-mail: lazma@plusnet.ru E-mail: spelazma@mail.ru Regional partner in the Kyrgyz Republic MEDOFF Company General director Жумалиев Мунарбек Phone +996 (550) 78 70 91 E-mail manager.kg@medoff.net Web www.medoff.net Diagnostic equipment Equipment for studying the parameters of the microcirculatory-tissue system: microcirculation of blood flow, lymph flow and oxidative metabolism by laser Doppler flowmetry (LDF) and fluorescence spectroscopy (FS). Laser analyzer of microcirculation of blood flow and lymph flow "LAZMA MC-1" Laser diagnostic device "LASMA ST" Wearable Laser analyzer of blood microcirculation "LAZMA PF" Ophthalmologic apparatus The apparatus "FORBIS" and "Speckle-M" for diagnostic and treatment of the binocular and refracting diseases FORBIS Speckle-M Scientific interests and innovation activity of SPE “LAZMA” Ltd are intended for research and implementation of medical devices, based on fotonic technologies. Information about produced medical equipment, diagnostic and treatment methods, and novel products can be found on our Web site. Detailed description of noninvasive diagnostic technology of blood microcirculation condition using laser doppler flowmetry (LDF) and of oxidative metabolism state by fluorescent spectroscopy coenzymes of metabolism are presented. There are apparatus LAZMA ST and wearable analyzer LAZMA PF for diagnostic of blood microcirculation and of oxidative metabolism state. New technologies diagnosing blood and lymph microcirculation condition are presented: - microdynamics monitoring (LDF method), analyzer LAZMA MC-1. In ophthalmological field of diagnostics and therapy “Speckle-M” apparatus, realizing pleoptocal treatment on three wavelengths blue, green and red spectrum areas, and “FORBIS” apparatus, providing diploptical (laserdiploptical) methods of vision correction are developed. Construction of new medical equipment is made with the participation of leading medical and biophysics scientific and research institutes. The Bulova Aerojet is a classic model, suitable for those who want to demonstrate refinement in every detail of their image. The elegance of replica watches the American brand's men's wristwatch can be found in elements such as indexes, hands and crown, finely crafted and in a splendid gold colour. El Bulova Aerojet también demuestra ser excepcional desde el punto de vista de la practicidad y la comodidad dada, ya que tiene una cómoda correa de cuero con hebilla. El costo de este reloj se acerca a replicas relojes los 200 euros, una gran oferta para aquellos que no quieren gastar mucho pero quieren comprar un modelo de excelente mano de obra. Copyright 2006-2023 «LAZMA»