Academy of Music and Dance "F. Gaffurio" in Lodi - "F.GAffurio" Music Association "Lodi Academy of Music and Dance Franchino Gaffurio of Lodi Music and Dance Courses in Lodi Toggle Navigation Home Courses Music Courses Dance Courses Events and ConcertsPhotos Music Dance Events Video Music Dance Events Association Association Office Music Courses are active individual courses for all the main instruments, both classic and modern, with personalized paths for all ages.Discover more> dance courses from classical dance to modern, from contemporary to hip hop, all courses are divided by age and level.Discover more> events and concerts throughout the year there are numerous concerts and shows promoted by the Academy, with the participation of concertists, teachers and students.Discover more> active since 1917 with the name of the Civic Music Institute, Gaffurio has become the most important and frequented center of musical and choreutic artistic disciplines in the area over the years.To the successes achieved in the musical field, the classical dance courses were added since the 1960s, with the aim of creating a single large meeting place for artistic disciplines.Since the 90s, the academy has also opened up to music and dance courses aimed at modern genres, with a professional or amateur address.News My Favourite Songs - 10 March 2024 at 17:00 My Favourite Songs from Cipriano de Rore to K. Jarrett between composition and improvisation pianist Massimo Carrieri Music by: Cipriano de rore, C. Korea, E. Pieranunzi, F. [...] Masterclass with Leo Nucci - Sold out - April 18, 2024 at 11:00 am Lyric singing Masterclass with Leo Nucci Sold out - Esassed actual places> BR> The places for actual students are exhausted are accepted registrations only for students [...] Dance time - February 24, 2024 at 18:00 Dance time Minuetti, Walzer, Allemande and Mazurche ......... performed by the students of the piano courses Music Association "F. Gaffurio" APS Accademia di [...] Maria Callas: portrait as a young man - February 4, 2024 at 17:00 Sunday 4 February 2024 at 5.00 pm Maria Callas: portrait of the artist as a young conductor Luca Scarlini soprano danae rikos pianist maurizio [...] Read allNews> Musical Association "F.Gaffurio" APS Academy of Music and Dance Via Solferino, 20 26900 Lodi (Lo) Tel. 0371-50381 © 2024 - "F.GAFFURIO" Music Association APS- Privacy Policy Administration - Cookie Policy Powered by AfterterSPell Studios - Multimedia Services