Home - Frozen Pork Exporters Skip to content Home About Us Products OFFALS LEG OR HAM PRODUCTS LOIN & BELLY PRODUCTS SHOULDER PRODUCTS Certifications Markets Contact Us Menu Home About Us Products OFFALS LEG OR HAM PRODUCTS LOIN & BELLY PRODUCTS SHOULDER PRODUCTS Certifications Markets Contact Us Wholesale Frozen Pork Exporters Delivering Quality, Freshness, and Value:Your Trusted Wholesale Frozen Pork Exporters Our wholesale frozen pork exporting business is dedicated to connecting international buyers with top-quality frozen pork products. With our extensive network of reliable suppliers and years of industry expertise, we streamline the procurement process, ensuring seamless transactions and timely deliveries.As a trusted intermediary, we work closely with both suppliers and buyers, understanding their specific requirements and facilitating successful trade agreements. Our team meticulously vets suppliers to ensure they meet stringent quality standards, guaranteeing that our clients receive only the finest frozen pork products. TRACEABILITY, IS THE KEY TO OUR SUCCESS We are involved in each and every stage of pork production, to ensure that we deliver optimal quality and food safety. GeneticsWe have an in-house Genetics department, where we work to achieve the best quality and the highest meat yield.Animal FeedWe produce top-quality natural animal feed for our own consumption and for sale to stockbreeders.AgricultureWe grow grain to supply our farms.FarmsWe work on our own farms, with veterinary services, completing the whole pork production cycle in its various breeding and fattening phases.SlaughterhousesWe have four in-house slaughterhouses equipped with the most innovative technology, with automated processes to ensure a high slaughter capacity.CuttingWe have two production plants used for cutting, meeting the highest health, technological and organoleptic standards and requirements.Processed ProductsWe have two efficient, competitive companies that prepare cured Iberian and white pork products, combining the most advanced techniques with advanced processing.Tripe / OffalWe sell pork by-products to ensure better use of the raw material, always in compliance with European standards.By-productsWe diversify and perform the thermal treatment of by-products to produce fat and meal for pet food.RefrigerationOur high-tech equipment freezes and keeps our products at sub-zero temperatures in tunnels and chambers for optimal storage.Self-sufficiencyWe generate our own energy (solar and wind) to power our production plants and facilities.SalesWe serve domestic and international markets and we are one of the biggest exporters of pork in Europe.TransportWe have our own transport fleet to deliver our exports to every destination. Committed to food safety in every stage of the process. Wholesale Frozen Pork Export We pride ourselves on our excellent customer service, providing personalized assistance throughout the entire export process. From negotiating competitive prices to handling logistics and documentation, we take care of every detail, allowing our clients to focus on their core business operations.Whether our clients are looking for pork cuts for retail, foodservice, or further processing, we offer a diverse range of options to suit their needs. By maintaining strong relationships with reputable producers, we can consistently supply products that meet or exceed our clients’ expectations.At our wholesale frozen pork export brokering business, we are committed to fostering long-term partnerships built on trust, reliability, and mutual success. We understand the importance of delivering quality products on time, every time. With us as your trusted partner, you can confidently expand your frozen pork business and tap into new international markets. Certifications Animal Welfare: Certificate from the Institute of Agrifood Research and Technology (IRTA) based on the Welfare Quality and AWIN® European standards.IAWS interporc: Certificate that endorses good practices in animal welfare, health, biosecurity and traceability in the white pork value chain in Spain.BRC Food // AA Certified: Standard for the implementation of a Quality Management System in the Food Industry developed by the British retail distribution industry.IFS: International Food Standard (IFS): Standard for the food safety management of private label suppliers of the German association of large retail chains. Top Export Brands Maintaining a consistent quality standard, we offer multiple distinctive brands that stand out in the pork industry for their quality and are routinely found on the world’s best tables. Loin, lean cuts, chops… each of the products offers unique organoleptic properties and all the benefits of best quality pork. Delivering Quality, Freshness, and Value:Your Trusted Wholesale Frozen Pork Exporters Useful Pages Home About Us Certifications Markets Contact Us Home About Us Certifications Markets Contact Us Legal Affairs Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Website www.frozenporkexporter.com Email [email protected] Delivery Worldwide Delivery © 2023 Frozen Pork Exporter. All rights reserved Powered by Frozen Pork Exporter Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent