Vicom : RF, General Electronics and Telecoms Test Equipment Equipment and Services Search Products Login Register Shopping Cart Cart: 0 items = $0.00 Menu Home Products Shop Now Shop by Product Shop by Manufacturer Solutions Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) Solutions Working with Multi-fibre MPO Connectors Internet of Things (IOT) Solutions Education Solutions Intelligent GPS Repeater Systems Electrochemistry Solutions Services Partners Resources eLearning Courses eLearning Presentations Webinars Manuals Application Notes, eGuides & Tech Briefs White Papers & Research Papers Reference Guides, Primers & Handbooks Technical Notes & Installation Guides Case Studies Catalogues Download Firmware Special Offers About Contact What's New at Vicom ? Introducing the: NEW 2 Series MSO - Mixed Signal Oscilloscope The Oscilloscope Scope That Works Where You Do. Learn More Stay Connected through our socials. Subscribe To Our Mailing List Want to receive keep up to date with vicom and receive notifications about webinars, promotions events and more ? SIGN ME UP Vicom Events Calendar Want to find out about what events, tradeshows, seminars and webinars are coming up at vicom ? EVENT CALENDAR Products Service & Support Solutions Events Calendar Resources We Service all of APAC with offices located at Vicom Australia Melbourne Head Office 1064 Centre Rd, Oakleigh South VIC 3167 Vicom Australia Sydney Regional Office 2-22 Lexington Drive, Bella Vista NSW 2153 Vicom New Zealand Auckland Office 60 Grafton Rd, Auckland 1010 We Proudly Support Membership, Accreditation & Support Our Areas of Expertise General Electronics RF & Microwave Optical & Data Networks Vicom's range of general electronics instruments - from digial multimeters and power supplies through to state-of-the-art oscilloscopes and signal generators - is second to none. For more than 40 years Vicom has been amongst the leaders in providing Test Equipment, Training, Service and components to satisfy local requirements for RF and Microwave solutions. FTTx network architecture brings the power of fibre bandwidth closer and closer to subscribers' doorsteps and, with it, comes the ability to support triple-play services. Defence Telecoms Test Avionics For over 30 years Vicom has proudly supported the Australian Defence Forces. We strive to offer a broad range of innovative technologies and services to meet the unique needs of defence. Vicom delivers the optical. transport and datacom test technologies required to optimize network performance and customer experience. Innovative avionics test solutions used to design, manufacture, test and maintain commercial, private and military airborne electronic systems. Radiocomms Broadcast Research & Development Covering wireless applications from HF, VHF, all the way to an industry first of 2.7 GHz we offer the most advanced Radio Test Sets currently available. We lower test costs and protect your investment. Supporting the broadcast industry through all its developments Vicom offers industry leading equipment from Precision Time Servers to RF Loads and Attenuators. No matter what the field of endeavour high performance oscilloscopes and analysers are the tool of choice for charactarising and analysing high speed signals. Our Partners Want to Keep up to date with Vicom & receive notifications about webinars, promotions, events and more? fill out your details below. Shop My Account Cart Log In Register About Shop Customer Service Shipping & Returns Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Order History My Account Our Company About Us Partners Products Services Contact Us Contact Us Vicom Australia Pty Ltd. 1064 Centre RoadOakleigh South VIC 3167 Email: sales@vicom.com.au Phone: 1300 360 251 ABN: 69 005 120 409 © Copyright 2024 Vicom Australia Pty Ltd.