Centre for Research and Development Home About Units Archievements/Milestone Gallery Staff Contact Kwara State University Centre for Research and Development Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Research and Development Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Research and Development Get Started About Our Center MISSION STATEMENT Mission:As a young fast-growing University, KWASU recognizes that its attainment of world-class status depends largely on, among other key factors, the quality of its research outputs to the global community. Therefore, the Centre for Research Innovation and Training is determined to lay a very strong foundation for quality research at KWASU and make innovative research a way of life for faculty members and students. A Brief History of The Centre for Research and Development The Centre for Research and Development has undergone many name changes since its establishment. The initial name from inception was Centre for Sponsored Project (CSP). It was established by the pioneer Vice-Chancellor, Professor Abdulrasheed Na’Allah in 2013. Dr. Killian Ikwuakor was appointed pioneer Director in March 2013 and was supported by two Administrative Assistants, Mrs. Maryam A. Aladodo and Miss Mary F. Olanrewaju. In March 2014, Mrs. Modinat Bello joined the Centre as Research/Project Administrator for the Centre. In February 2018, Prof. Bayo Lawal became the 2nd Director of the Centre. The Centre for Sponsored Projects was later renamed Centre for Research, Innovation and Training (CRIT) by the Late Vice-Chancellor, Professor Muhammed Mustapha Akanbi SAN in June 2020 and Prof. Olawale Mashood Aliyu was appointed the Director. The Centre was expanded to accommodate other existing Centres, like the Centre for Undergraduate Research, Centre for Staff Training and Development, and Centre for Innovation and Training in addition to new activities like patent registration and commercialization. In July 2022, CRIT was further expanded to accommodate Tetfund funded Centre for Research Excellence and was renamed Centre for Research and Development (CR&D), to align more with the second objectives of the KWASU 5-Year Strategic plan (2022-2027). The Centre is charged with the responsibility of monitoring research activities at Kwara State University (KWASU) both international grants and local grants. The Centre is also responsible for staff and students training. The Centre is also to develop an ethical procedure for research activities in the University and issue certificates to that effect in line with international best practices. The Centre through its coordinated activities and programmes would improve the generation of innovative technologies and thoughts, strengthen the capacity of faculty staff and students, improve the quality of teaching and thus, be poised to generate revenue for the University. Our Work DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to the Centre for Research and Development, where we are on a mission to revolutionize the management of research in the university through innovative approach for sustainable development to local, national and the global community at large! Get ready to dive into a world of creativity, and innovative and groundbreaking discoveries. Together, we will unlock the future by turning ideas to reality. Prof. Olawale Mashood Aliyu MOTIVATION The primary objective of research is public good that benefits society and leads to human development and better livelihood. The Centre for Research Innovation and Training is motivated by the universal norm that research and innovation are the bedrock of the successful development of countries around the world. Like the rest of the world, Nigeria faces daunting and interlocking physical, social, economic, behavioural, and infrastructural challenges including pandemic, insurgency, and food insecurity among others. With excellence as its guiding principle, CR&D places a high premium on its research for building its infrastructure and for new ways to tackle current and future local, national, regional, and global challenges. Solutions will require ingenuity and expertise from across all disciplines offered at the University and in collaboration with other partners within and outside the country. Activities Our main mandate at The Centre for Research and Development : A 2-Day In-House Capacity Training for KWASU Secretaries, Wednesday 6th and Thursday 7th April 2022. Interactive session on promotion guidelines for all HODS and DEANS across the 7 faculties of Kwara State University. Two(2) weeks online grant-writing training for selected research faculties of Kwara State University. Granting of ethical approval to KWASU Medical Lab Students to carry out their 2022 project work. Two-Day Interactive Training Programme for Examination Invigilators in Kwara State University (KWASU) on Tuesday and Wednesday, July 25th and 26th, 2022. Two(2)-day capacity training on grantsmanship, research proposal writing and development for science and technology-based disciplines at the National Centre for Agricultural Mechanization, NCAM, Idofian, Kwara State on Wednesday 5th October, and Thursday 6th October 2022. One-day Interactive Workshop on Core Curriculum Minimum Academic Standard (CCMAS), Tuesday 17th January 2023. Young Innovators and Inventors (“INNOVENTORS’) Club Inauguration, Wednesday 25th February 2023 Sensitization Workshop on Research Collaboration between the Mobile and E-Computing Group, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) Ogbomoso and Kwara State University, Malete on the research work Titled: Carbon Literacy and Green Innovation Entrepreneurship for Youth Empowerment and Job Creation on Tuesday 14th February 2023 One-Day interactive training on writing NRF Concept Note for Faculty of Management and Social Sciences Academic Staff, Tuesday 25th April 2023. One-day Intensive Training for Administrative Staff of Kwara State University, Malete. Thursday 4th May 2023. UNITS UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH. RESEARCH AND INNOVATION. PATENCY AND COMMERCIALIZATION ACHIEVEMENTS AND MILESTONES Achievements and Milestones of Centre for Research and Development 1. A National Research Fund Grant of ₦ 10,000,000.00 (Ten Million Naira) was awarded to Prof. Kazeem Gbolagade Alagbe for the Research work titled On Residue Number System based processors’ Realization in the Year 2022 NRF Research Intervention. 2. A National Research Fund Grant of ₦ 12,500,000.00 (Twelve Million, Five Hundred Thousand Naira) was awarded to Dr. Olayinka Jelili Yusuf for the Research work titled Influence of Cultural and Demographic Attributes on the Spread and Containment of Coronavirus Pandemics in Nigeria in the Year 2022 NRF Research Intervention. 3. A Gender Response Artificial Intelligence Network (GRAIN) grant of $15,108.00 awarded to Dr. Olayinka Jelili Yusuf of KWASU and other research team members. The Centre plans the following training activities in collaboration with relevant departments/units in the University: Grant sourcing for innovative research in the university. Management of research grants and projects. Organize short capacity training and workshops for all categories of staff. Organize regular training on grant writing and proposal development for staff and students. Training of students across different disciplines on quality research outputs (writing of concept notes, research proposals, – research publication especially postgraduate). Facilitate training on the use of new technology, equipment and software for staff and students. Facilitate collaboration between researchers and the industries. Create value for the intellectual properties of the University such as patents, trademarks and copyrights to protect the intellectual properties and generate funds for the university. Facilitate linkages between researchers and funding partners. Ensure compliance with the ethical standard in research methods/procedures including informed consent of research objects including humans. OUR PLANS RESEARCH FOCUS The trajectory of higher education, research, and innovation all over the world has demonstrated, time and again, how major breakthroughs have changed our lives and way of thinking. Therefore, research at KWASU will be dynamic and aim at levels where it challenges accepted views and knowledge, changes paradigms, invents new fields, and opens opportunities with broad societal consequences. To achieve this, CR&D will focus on building sustainable research linkages and partnerships with other universities, governments, and industry, as well as educate and nurture talent to produce and attract top researchers and innovators. The value and contribution of this Centre will be measured on the quality of expertise and research outputs of our teaching faculty in the years to come and not in monetary value as encapsulated under revenue generation focus on the short term. Quality and impactful research is a long-term investment. RESEARCH i. The 2018 and 2019 Institutional-based Research work is currently ongoing. ii. The Centre for Research and Development also submitted the year 2020 and 2021 Institutional-based proposals to TETFund Abuja. Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Federal Ministry of Science, Technology, and Innovation The project team from Federal Ministry of Science and Technology led by Mrs Olabode Sharifat with the Acting KWASU VC Prof. Shaykh-Luqman Jimoh and Staff of KWASU Federal Ministry of Science, Technology, and Innovation Prof Olawale M. Aliyu (Director CR&D) giving a brief talk at the meeting. Federal Ministry of Science, Technology, and Innovation Prof. Olawale Aliyu with Prof. Shaykh-Luqman Jimoh Federal Ministry of Science, Technology, and Project Team Lead, Mrs Sharifah Olabode addressing the audience Federal Road Safety Corps A courtesy visit to the Commandant Federal Road Safety Corps on Friday, 14th April 2023. National Universities Commission Team Prof. Aliyu describing the KWASU Technoscience journal National Universities Commission Team Prof. Aliyu with the staff of KWASU and NUC delegates National Universities Commission Team Prof. Aliyu with the NUC Delegates National Universities Commission Team Cross Section of Participants. OUR STAFF Prof. Olawale Mashood ALIYU Director Centre for Research and Development Email: Olawale.aliyu@kwasu.edu.ng Phone: +234-803-954-8344 Prof. Oluwasogo Olalubi Asst. Director Research & Innovation Email:Oluwasogo.olalubi@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-812-124-6943 Dr. Anyachukwu Emmanuel Irondi Asst. Director, Undergraduate Research Email:Emmanuel.irondi@kwasu.edu.ng TEl:+234-803-487-0657 Dr. Isau Olatunji Ahmed Asst. Director, Patents & Commercialization Email:Ahmed.isau@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-703-007-0078 Modinat Damilola Bello Research/Project Administrator Email:Modinat.bello@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-810-492-0706 Mr. Aminu Attahiru Administrative Officer II Email:Aminu.attahiru@kwasu.edu.ng/ Tel:+234-807-341-0571 Mr. Hammed Amogbonjaye Administrative Officer II Email:Hammed.amogbonjaye@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-815-051-2115 Mr. Mora Muazu Husseini Office Assistant Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: KWASU Centre for University Centre for Research and Development, Kwara State University, Malete. P.M.B. 1513, Ilorin Tel: +234-803-954-8344 Email:Olawale.aliyu@kwasu.edu.ng . Director Prof. Olawale Mashood Aliyu Tel: +234-803-954-8344 Email:Olawale.aliyu@kwasu.edu.ng Asst. Director Research & Innovation Prof. Oluwasogo Olalubi Tel:+234-812-124-6943 Email:Oluwasogo.olalubi@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/