Home Home The Club Contact Us About Us Club Philosophy Support Artists & Hosts Spotlight on SFC Where Are We? What's On Tuesday Nights Gallery Archives Newsletters Socials Guests Links Home The Club — Contact Us — About Us — Club Philosophy — Support Artists & Hosts — Spotlight on SFC — Where Are We? What's On — Tuesday Nights Gallery Archives — Newsletters — Socials — Guests Links Tuesday Nights at Sale Folk Club Whatever the weather the best place to be on a Tuesday night is Sale Folk Club at the United Services Club Sale. READ MORE Welcome to Sale Folk Club WEEKLY ACOUSTIC FOLK NIGHT 27 February 2024 at Sale Folk Club Sixteen performers teamed up for a jam version to tell our audience You Ain't Going' Nowhere and Allen paid tribute to his very own welsh terrier with The Woad Song. Ed paid tribute to Bob Dylan's Dream and Good Companions, sporting Wendy making her folk club debut, declared You Are My Sunshine which got everybody singing and reminded Peter R. of Days Gone By. It caused Kath and Stan to remark on No Telling What a Love Song Will Do. Unfortunately, it left Eric to Rant and Roar (in the nicest possible way, of course). Bill gave us a selection of tunes on his MIDI accordion (complete with percussion). Paul Mc Hoped You Had the Time of Your Life which Bernard did with his harmonica selection. Eddie dispelled the confusion of who wrote Till There Was You (hint: not Paul McCartney). Helen spelled confusion by declaring I Used to Be a Sailor and Marion span a yarn about a Maid and the Magpie. Paul R drew the line with Fences and Allen drew the line on his technological accomplishments as a 20th Century Dinosaur. Enough of this declared Ed; No Time to Cry. Peter R considered He May Be Slow but that certainly wasn't true of Good Companions who ratcheted up the pace with a definite Mardi Gras flavoured Iko, Iko. After which we all needed a drink and time was called on the first half. More fun was to be had in the second half so why not come and join us next week when Don and Heather will be hosting? Join Our Mailing List Don't miss out join our mailing list - just enter your details below: Name* Email* Your details will only be used for folk club newsletters and not distributed to any third parties. Send Folk at Sale Latest Updates Tuesday Nights New Year 2012 on Anglesey December 2012 November 2012 Canal Boat Trip No 2 - 7 October 2012 Most Read Articles About Us Tuesday Nights Spotlight on Sale Folk Club Contact Us Support Artists & Hosts Contact Us Text: 07710 422192 Sale Folk ClubUnited Services ClubSouthern Road (off Mersey Road)SaleM33 6HQ This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Website - Terms of Use Cookie and Privacy Policy Copyright © 2024 Sale Folk Club. All rights reserved. Location ADMIN Website Design, Hosting, Promotion & Management by Zenith Hosting