Techvivid Holdings – We are young | We are dynamic | We are Techvivid WE ARE TECHVIVID Let’s Work Together info@techvividholdings.com No 9 George Silundika, Office 13, 1st Floor, Bryanston Hse Harare Home Services Consultancy Portfolio About Us Get In Touch Home Services Consultancy Portfolio About Us Get In Touch Home Services Consultancy Portfolio About Us Get In Touch The FutureTheFutureIn Today's era of volatility, there is no other way but to re-invent We Are YoungWe Are DynamicWe Are TechvividBusiness ConsultancyBusinessConsultancyOperations keeps the lights on, strategy provides a light at the end of the tunnel, but project management is the train engine that moves the organization forward. Company Registration• Private Limited Company (PLC) • Private Business Corporation (PBC) • Conversion of PBC to PLC • Change of Directors (CR6) • Change of Business Address (CR5) • Allotment of Shares • Annual ReturnsTax Clearance• Tax registration & BP number • Tax Clearance Certificate • VAT Registration • Tax Returns (vat,qpd,paye,income tax)Business Registration• PRAZ registration & renewal • Vendor number allocation & renewal • NSSA registration & P4 returns • NEC registration • ZIMDEF registration • Trust/NGO/Church registrationCreative DesignCreativeDesignEvery great design begins with an even better story. Website Development• E -Commerce Website • Interactive Website • Informative Website • Corporate WebsiteGraphic Design• Logo Design • Corporate Branding • Billboard Design • Flyer Design • And Many MoreDigital Marketing• Search Engine Optimization • Social Media Marketing • Affiliate Marketing • And Many MoreSoftware DevelopmentSoftwareDevelopmentIndeed, the ratio of time spent reading versus writing is well over 10 to 1 Mobile App Development Web App DevelopmentWindows App Development "] 1The Future The Future The Future In Today's era of volatility, there is no other way but to re-invent In Today's era of volatility, there is no other way but to re-invent In Today's era of volatility, there is no other way but to re-invent We are Young We are Young THE FUTURE We are Dynamic We are Dynamic THE FUTURE We are Techvivid We are Techvivid THE FUTURE 2Business Consultancy Business Consultancy Business Consultancy Operations keeps the lights on, strategy provides a light at the end of the tunnel, but project management is the train engine that moves the organization forward. Operations keeps the lights on, strategy provides a light at the end of the tunnel, but project management is the train engine that moves the organization forward. Operations keeps the lights on, strategy provides a light at the end of the tunnel, but project management is the train engine that moves the organization forward. Company Registration Company Registration Company Registration Private Limited Company (PLC) Private Business Corporation (PBC) Conversion of PBC to PLC Change of Directors (CR6) Change of Business Address (CR5) Allotment of Shares Annual Returns Private Limited Company (PLC) Private Business Corporation (PBC) Conversion of PBC to PLC Change of Directors (CR6) Change of Business Address (CR5) Allotment of Shares Annual Returns Private Limited Company (PLC) Private Business Corporation (PBC) Conversion of PBC to PLC Change of Directors (CR6) Change of Business Address (CR5) Allotment of Shares Annual Returns Tax Clearance Tax Clearance Tax Clearance Tax registration & BP number Tax Clearance Certificate VAT Registration Tax Returns (vat,qpd,paye,income tax) Tax registration & BP number Tax Clearance Certificate VAT Registration Tax Returns (vat,qpd,paye,income tax) Tax registration & BP number Tax Clearance Certificate VAT Registration Tax Returns (vat,qpd,paye,income tax) Business Registration Business Registration Business Registration PRAZ registration & renewal Vendor number allocation & renewal Trust/NGO/Church registration PRAZ registration & renewal Vendor number allocation & renewal Trust/NGO/Church registration PRAZ registration & renewal Vendor number allocation & renewal Trust/NGO/Church registration 2Creative Design Creative Design Creative Design Every great design begins with an even better story. Every great design begins with an even better story. Every great design begins with an even better story. Website Development Website Development Website Development E -Commerce Website Interactive Website Informative Website Corporate Website E -Commerce Website Interactive Website Informative Website Corporate Website E -Commerce Website Interactive Website Informative Website Corporate Website Graphic Design Graphic Design Graphic Design Logo Design Corporate Branding Billboard Design Flyer Design And Many More Logo Design Corporate Branding Billboard Design Flyer Design And Many More Logo Design Corporate Branding Billboard Design Flyer Design And Many More Digital Marketing Digital Marketing Digital Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Affiliate Marketing And Many More Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Affiliate Marketing And Many More Search Engine Optimization Social Media Marketing Affiliate Marketing And Many More 3Software Development Software Development Software Development Indeed, the ratio of time spent reading versus writing is well over 10 to 1 Indeed, the ratio of time spent reading versus writing is well over 10 to 1 Indeed, the ratio of time spent reading versus writing is well over 10 to 1 Mobile App Development Mobile App Development Mobile App Development Web App Development Web App Development Web App Development Windows App Development Windows App Development Windows App Development Business Consultancy Click Here Creative Design Click Here Software Development Click Here About us Techvivid Holdings Techvivid Holdings is an emerging creative force to reckon with. Dedicated to finding authentic solutions to the branding around us, we pride ourselves in originality, innovation and dynamic creative output. As Techvivid Holdings, we believe in making great products, and giving excellent services. We believe in excelling, pushing the envelope and above all working with companies we believe hold the same aspirations we do. Whether you are a new business or a established one, Techvivid holdings can help you create an indelible impression on your audiences and prospective clients. A full-service agency offering end-to-end branding solutions, software development, business consultancy, ICT Infrastructure to experimental marketing. The results? An authentic brand image that fosters loyalty and trust. We are young. We are dynamic. We are Techvivid. Techvivid Holdings Subsidiaries Techvivid Consultancy Techvivid Creative Studio. Techvivid Solutions experts in field Creative Our creative specialists understand that design is a language and communicating via thoughtful design is crucial to conversion lifts and getting a bigger ROI. View More experts in field Digital Marketing Our marketing experts are committed and ready to help grow your business. We’ll tell the world about your brand like no other agency can. View More experts in field Development We are highly skilled in a range of development services that ensure perfect, custom builds and optimal performance of your website or app. Explore our specialties below. View More experts in field Company Registration Our company registration procedure is very reliable, from private limited company to public business corporation registration. View More experts in field Tax Clearance Tax clearances enhance the business compliance profile as the taxpayer deals with other businesses. Come and get a tax clearance with us View More experts in field Bank advice note The first step in setting up your new account is to create a corporation, which we can handle for you. View More experts in field Trust registration Trusts can have any number of goals as long as they are for the benefit of a specific community. View More Our Subsidiary experts in field Mobile App Development Regardless of platform, we create high-quality apps. Our agile development process has been proven to produce highly adaptable engagement....... View More experts in field Windows App Development Our developers consistently follow a step-by-step method while designing faultless application development that functions effortlessly................ View More experts in field Web App Development We design responsive and tailored online apps for your business using the latest technologies such as PHP, Web 2.0, HTML, Joomla, WordPress, Drupal, Magento, and OSCommerce................ View More experts in field Backend App Development Backend services are a necessary component of nearly every website or application. A great website cannot exist without the backend.............. View More Services Techvivid Creative Solutions Develop & Test User Experience Design UX designer will flesh out the user stories, journeys, and states to create a clear, seamless and delightful experience. Visual Design Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. Work with our visual design team to create an elegant design that incorporates the latest trends and capabilities. Agility is the name of the game. Our scrum-based Agile development methodology ensures frequent builds and gives you plenty of time to test and adjust. While our experienced Quality Assurance (QA) team will identify and manage testing. Marketing & PR Launch No app launch plan is complete without the proper marketing, PR and engagement tools to help it get discovered and retain users. GET YOUR LEADS GENERATION STRATEGY! Combining marketing and technology, we provide a full range of services from planning and development to SEO and promotion. PROTECT YOUR BUSINESS! Every website or app is secure and built on latest versions of open source content ACCELERATE YOUR REVENUE! We boast of an outstanding team experience. No matter the industry, business goals or location to turn your requirements into the profitable solution. TEAM COLLABORATION We deliver results, working fast and understanding the bigger picture to meet both project and company goals. We’re only a click away, always responsive and ready to assist you. Ask us how we can help you get started on your next project. Solutions Social Media Creative Studio Social Media Consultancy Social Media Join The Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter. Send Get a glance of our portfolio and case studies in our company profile Download Profile © Copyright Techvivid Holdings 2024