LAKS TEX admin@luxtexkrr.com 8/121, Amaravathi Nagar, Andankoil East, Karur - 639002. Home About Products Facilities Certifications Clients Contact us +91 96883 77688 Have any Questions? Fabulous Fabrics! Fantastic Fit! Textile Elegance. Class. Exceptional Choices With A Touch Of Luxury About Us Since 2018 The Easy Fabric Pickings Step Into Royal Living With Our Fantastic Fabric Selection! Facilities MISSION To be a pioneer in its sector by investing in people and technology, ensuring quality products at low cost. To attain customer satisfaction and ensure ‘Quality’ by utilizing the highest quality of resources and world-class systems. To be at peace with nature by creating and promoting environmental awareness. VISION A Pioneer company in setting international standards with more reliable and manufacturing the highest quality in the Textile Weaving industry in India and around the world. Our vision is to serve our customers with dedication and offer specialized services with quality assurance, walking the ‘extra mile’ meticulously. ABOUT US LAKS TEX is a leading home textile manufacturer known for quality and customer satisfaction. With certifications like ISO 9001:2015, SA 8000, Oeko Tex, GOTS, GRS, and OCS, we ensure high standards across our products. Our textile goods reach homes throughout Europe, the UK, the Middle East, USA, Canada and beyond. We collaborate with major brands, stores, boutiques, and retailers globally. Under the leadership of Mr. K. MURUGESAN, our Managing Director, we started as home textile manufacturers and exporters. Our focus remains on customers and improving our products. Our network includes wholesalers and stores worldwide. We aim to blend style with top-notch quality, providing our clients with excellent products, service, and value for their investment. CORE VALUES Quality Being different Innovative Safe Delivery Team spirit Flexibility Sustainability Contentment PRODUCTION MARKETING The wide range of garments produced here reach all over Europe, UK, Middle East, etc. Laks Tex also caters to various Leading Brands, Departmental Stores, Boutiques and High Street Retailers across the Globe. 1000 + Clients 200 + Employees 6 + Experience INFRASTRUCTURE Our capabilities stem from our well-integrated manufacturing facility. Our primary focus remains timely delivery to our clientele at all times. From souring raw material to putting into place state-of-the-art manufacturing processes, we have a streamlined production route to help us instantly scale up production and address customized issues. Dyeing We follow eco-friendly standards, ensuring our materials meet quality and color criteria. Weaving Our scalable weaving capabilities deliver a variety of patterns—Dobby, Satin, Satin Striped, and Twill Weave. printing & Embroidery We fulfill custom needs with embroidered and printed made-ups, using cutting-edge machinery. Finishing Our advanced unit blends talent, tech for top-notch cutting, stitching, finishing, and packing. PRODUCTS Kitchen Linen Spice up your kitchen style! Our vibrant kitchen linen adds flair with durability and functional charm. Table Linen Dine in style! Elevate your table with our chic linen collection, where elegance meets everyday practicality. Living Linen Living linen unleashes the allure of comfort and elegance, redefining your space with every touch. Outdoor Linen The perfect sleeping experience is Outdoor Linen, where comfort and style seamlessly merge. LAKS TEX is a leading home textile manufacturer known for quality and customer satisfaction. With certifications like ISO 9001:2015, SA 8000, Oeko Tex, GOTS, GRS, and OCS, we ensure high standards across our products. Contact Us LAKS TEX 8/121, Amaravathi Nagar, Andankoil East, Karur - 639002, Tamil Nadu, India. +91 96883 77688+91 86672 88829 admin@luxtexkrr.com Quick Links About Products Facilities Certifications Clients Contact Us Copyright © LAKS TEX 2024 - 2025. All Rights Reserved. Powered by SATHYA