Home - MKG Partners Payment Portal Client Portal Client Update Form CALL +61 8 9354 6500 About MKG Partners Directors Our Team Services Taxation Services Accounting Services Business Services Our Strategic Partners MKG Wealth MKG Audit MKG Open Spaces News Testimonials Contact Us Select Page About Directors Staff MKG Partners Services Taxation Services Accounting Services Business Services Our Strategic Partners MKG Wealth MKG Audit MKG Open Spaces News Testimonials Contact Us Remote Assistance Client Portal BUILD A FINANCIALLY STABLE FUTURE When taking those next financial steps, you want the best team backing you. MKG Partners strives to deliver an outstanding level of service and maintain a clear financial goal! Book an AppointmentOur Services Accounting Services Taxation Services Maximise your tax returns. We are meticulous, detailed and don’t miss a thing! We’ll make sure you get the most out of your tax returns while maintaining compliance with the ATO Learn More Accounting and Bookkeeping Are you spending long hours just recording your bank transactions? Now you can save precious time and money with our modern accounting software coupled with our expert advice. Learn More Business Services Incorrect business structures and non-compliance could be detrimental. We’ll advise you on the best structure for your business which will reduce your cost and maximize savings Learn More MKG Partners MKG Partners aims to provide accurate and timely financial services for small to medium businesses. Our core sectors of expertise is providing advice on taxation. Our team are fully conversant with current tax regulations, and our vast combined accountancy knowledge can transcend to also providing you with enhanced, robust business principles. Book an Appointment The MKG difference MKG Partners offers more than just accounting Securing your financial future doesn’t happen in the blink of an eye. It starts with visualising where you want to be in the long term and taking control of your overall finances so you can work towards your goal. Learn More MKG Audit is a focused independent SMSF audit firm servicing and supporting SMSF trustees, accountants, advisors and administrators. We are passionate, very experienced, ASIC registered and an SMSFAAA member. Learn More MKG Open Spaces aims to provide professionals a space to work, catch up with colleagues or host a meeting. We offer you a work space that is flexible to your time and needs for you and your business. Learn More What our clients say Professional, Trust, Peace of Mind “This has been our experience of engaging with MKG Partners over two decades. Their expertise has been invaluable in managing our portfolios with their efficiency, technical support and diverse skills in all areas of Superannuation, Family Trust, Taxation obligations, legal and financial planning services. The response to any questions by phone or email is addressed promptly and respectfully and ensures our ongoing confidence and appreciation.” – Joy and Kevin Campbell AM Read more from our clients MKG News Comprehensive Guide on Motor Vehicle Expenses Claims Feb 19, 2024 | Business Advice, Tax AdviceSmall business owners can save money by deducting car expenses, but many don't realise they can. This article aims to provide a comprehensive guide on motor vehicle expenses claims, helping you understand how and when to claim these deductions. Whether you're using... read more FBT Exemptions for Electric Cars Feb 8, 2024 | Business Advice, Tax AdviceThe Australian Government has introduced a significant incentive for small businesses to go green by offering FBT exemptions for electric cars starting from 1 July 2022. This move not only supports environmental sustainability but also offers financial advantages for... read more WA Small Business Energy Bill Relief Guide Jan 25, 2024 | Business Advice, Tax AdviceThe WA Small Business Energy Bill Relief Program represent a joint effort by the Commonwealth and state governments, aiming to alleviate the strain of rising living costs. This initiative is a key part of the Australian Government's strategy, offering specific relief... read more About MKG Partners MKG Partners is a well- established practice located in the Southern suburbs of Perth. Our mission is to be a trusted advisor on matters concerning Personal and business taxation, Business Advice, Planning and Assistance, Superannuation, Corporate Compliance and Financial Planning MKG Partners Locations PERTH OFFICE24 Augusta Street Willetton WA 6155Phone: +61 8 9354 6500Email: admin@mkgpartners.com.au MALAYSIA OFFICESunway Metro, 24-1, Jalan PJS11/28, Bandar Sunway, 46150 Petaling Jaya, SelangorEmail: admin@mkgpartners.com.au Subscribe to our Newsletter Keep up to date with what’s happening at MKG Partners, our training events and more. Success! Name Email Subscribe We won’t spam you, we’re too busy helping our customers maximise their tax returns! About MKG Partners MKG Partners is a well- established practice located in the Southern suburbs of Perth. Our mission is to be a trusted advisor on matters concerning Personal and business taxation, Business Advice, Planning and Assistance, Superannuation, Corporate Compliance and Financial Planning MKG Partners Locations PERTH OFFICE24 Augusta Street Willetton WA 6155Phone: +61 8 9354 6500Email: admin@mkgpartners.com.au MALAYSIA OFFICESunway Metro, 24-1, Jalan PJS11/28, Bandar Sunway, 46150 Petaling Jaya, SelangorEmail: admin@mkgpartners.com.au Subscribe to our Newsletter Keep up to date with what’s happening at MKG Partners, our training events and more. Success! Name Email Subscribe We won’t spam you, we’re too busy helping our customers maximise their tax returns! Payment Portal Client Portal Client Update Form CALL +61 8 9354 6500 About MKG Partners Directors Our Team Services Taxation Services Accounting Services Business Services Our Strategic Partners MKG Wealth MKG Audit MKG Open Spaces News Testimonials Contact Us Copyright © MKG Partners 2021 | Privacy Policy | Website by Inkandescent Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress