Representations Fábio The company History Mission, Vision and Values Represented Products Final Consumption Industrial Consumption Animal Consumption Blog Customers A Representações Fábio, was founded on December 20 in 1971, by businessman Fábio Moraes Franco.At the time the company had three employees, today we have a team with 14 people including employees and partners and a physical space where our headquarters are located in the city of Sete Lagoas - Minas Gerais, the enchanted lakes region, with over 220A thousand inhabitants.With a privileged location, we are 43 km from Ceasa, the second largest supply center in the world, which contributes to the success of our business.Learn more our represented products Final Consumption Industrial Consumption Animal Consumption See all products testimonials Bruno Raposo - Employee being part of the team of representations Fábio brings me immense gratitude!It's been 12 years as a employee of this company, which invests in your team and gives growth opportunities.I started as a young man as a sales promoter in the city of Sete Lagoas, going through some positions, until I get where I am today, sales coordinator.In addition to believing in the culture and values of the company, I have a lot of admiration and pride of the people who work with me.Great professionals, I learn every day and feel increasingly prepared to face this market in which we operate.Fábio Vasconcelos - Caramuru Caramuru Alimentos One of the largest agribusiness companies in Brazil, with its SINHà brand, understands that the best sales model is through its represented.For Caramuru the representations Fabio over several years has contributed to a healthy and reliable business relationship with customers in the market.For being close to the consumer and our customers market.Paranet Group Congratulations to the entire Repel. Fabio Team for the 49 years of success.Agency I2 Respect and commitment to customers are the key words of Fabio Representations.This we indicate.Seeing all testimonials Blog Breakfast can be discharged in supermarket prices.Estimation of 299.8 million tons by the state company is 6.6 million lower than expected in January .... soy: falling prices leaves alert producers.The Brazilian soybean market remains stable, but with a low trend as the Prog Harvesting ... Corn prices may rise in the coming weeks.Since early February, the corn market has been stable .... Wheat prices are stagnant.Producers await new season with caution in the face of tight projections in global stocks .... Soybean and corn exports.Cotton and rice were also affected .... Climate instability affects soybean crop.ESALQ projection indicates a drop of 7.12 percent by 2023/24 ... What are the perspectives for soy and corn in 2024?Check out the trends for the grain crop .... wheat prices are high at the beginning of the year.Internal wheat prices start 2024 high .... quality of wheat harvested by 2023 should raise imports the year 2024 will start with one of the largest national wheat volumes ... mixed oscillations for corn in B3 in front of this picture, future quotes closed mixed ... Midwest saw soy for soy prices in the state of Mato Grosso ... What to expect from the corn market?Corn quotations oscillated in Chicago .... See more customers Contact Us Name: Email: Phone: Message: Send Jair Sales Street 297 - Jardim Arizona Sete Lagoas / MG - Zip Code: 35700-378 Phone: (31) 3779-9300WhatsApp: (31) 98814-6747 Email: repfabio@repfabio.com.br Institutional Company Representatives Blog Testimonials Social Responsibility Customers Our Products Final Consumption Industrial Consumption Animal Contacts Contacts with Talent Bank Location We call you © 2020 - Representations FabioDeveloped with ♥ by