Rova Construction Ltd info@rovaconstruction.com +256 774 983 365 | +256 393 208 944 About Rova Strategy Clients Health & Safety Featured Projects Working Safely Working Safely About ROVA ROVA is a Ugandan registered construction company following the technical participation of its managing director in completion of numerous projects under other firms. This experience and confidence has furthered the enthusiasm and responsibility of having ROVA as a company that timely, safely delivers with high quality standards and to the satisfaction of its clients. We are ISO certified under the following management systems: ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Safety and Health Management System ISO 14001:2015 Environment Management System ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System These standards provide us with a framework to; consistently deliver quality products and services to the satisfaction of our clients, protect the environment and respond to changing environmental conditions in balance with socio-economic needs and prevent work-related injury and ill health to people Our Strategy Vision To be a leading construction company that implements international practices and standards Mission Providing construction services and engineering solutions to the construction industry Goal To diversify client base for maximum repeat business to support growth Health, safety and environment Management Commitment ROVA Construction Company Limited commits to providing a workplace where no injury, work related illness or damage to the surrounding environment is considered acceptable and that our activities are undertaken without compromising the safety, health and wellbeing of any person in our organization and the surrounding community. Our strategy is to implement a self-sufficient Health, Safety and Environmental Management System.. HSE Statement ROVA Construction Company Limited fully accepts its responsibility for providing a safe working environment free of injuries and illnesses to its employees, contractors and other stakeholders. The company is totally committed to promoting and maintaining the highest standards of occupational safety and health (OSH) within all activities. HSE Goals Zero Harm to Personne. Zero Harm to the surrounding communities and the local environment. An incident and injury free work place. Provide a healthy and secure work place. Ensure compliance to Ugandan legislation, relevant local guide lines and international standards. (ISO 45001:2018). Our Project Portfolio Construction of Security Boundary Walls at UBL. Construction of Oil Tank Bund Wall at UBL Cooling Tower Base, DIAGEO Steel Structural Construction Upgrade of Filtration room in CSR Block | UBL Enabling works for RTD Project Preworks for Logistics Optimization Project at UBL. Preworks for Logistics Optimization Project at UBL Enabling Works for Ready-To-Drink Plant at UBL Preworks for Logistics Optimization Project at UBL Preworks for Logistics Optimization Project at UBL Preworks for Logistics Optimization Project at UBL Biomass Project: Designer Group, Ireland. Spent Grain Silo Base and Bund walls, DIAGEO Upgrade of Filtration Room in Cold Storage Block, UBL Aluminium Window Shutters, UBL Our Clients Uganda Breweries Limited Ministry of Health Designer Group About Rova ROVA is a Ugandan registered construction company following the technical participation of its managing director in completion of numerous projects under other firms. Our Location Plot 4614, Valley View Lane, Kyanja, Kampala Uganda Contacts +256 774 983 365+256 393 208 944 info@rovaconstruction.com Copyright © 2024. All right reserved. Website developed & Hosted By vupCloud Solutions.