L1 Visa Attorneys - Providing L1 Visa in US L1 Visa Attorney Professional L1 Visa Attorney in USA Free Consultation : 310-943-6352 Home Compare L1 & H1B Visa Types US Visit Visa B1 Visa for Researcher B1 Business Visitor B1 Athlete, Amateur or Professional B1 Visa for Business Venture B1 Visa for Speaker or Lecturer B1 Domestic Employee or Nanny Visa B1 Visa for Medical Elective B1 Visa for Conference B1 Visa for Voluntary Work B1 Visa OCS B1 Visa Non-OCS B1 Visa for Selling B1 Visa for Service Engineer B2 Visa for Tourism, Vacation, and Pleasure Visitor B2 Visa for Amateur Entertainer B2 Visa for Short Course of Study B2 Visa for Medical Treatment B2 Visa for Amateur Athlete Treaty Visas E1 Treaty Trader E-2 Treaty Investor E-3 Australian Professional Specialty Employer Sponsored Visa PERM EB1 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 NIW – Employment-Based Immigrants EB3 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB4 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB5 – Employment-Based Immigrants Nurses visa – Employment-Based Immigrants Doctors and Physicians Visa Family Visa Spouse of a U.S. Citizen Spouses and Children of Permanent Residents Visa Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents Visa Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens Visa Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens Visa Fiancé Visa K-1 Visa VAWA Visa U Visa Student Visa F-1 Student Visa M-1 Vocational Student Visa US Work Visas H-1B Visa – Specialty Occupation H-2B Visa H-3 Visa – Trainee Extraordinary Ability O-1 Visa O-2 Visa O-3 Visa Performing Artists P-1 Visa P-2 Visa P-3 Visa I-Visa Inter-Company Visa L1A Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1B Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1 New Office Intra-Company Transfer Visa Blanket L-1 Intra-Company Transfer Visa Naturalization US Naturalization Waiver of Ineligibility 1-601 – Criminal and Immigration Offences 1-601a Unlawful Presences 212(d)(3) Waivers I-212 Waiver Non-Immigrant Waiver Other Visa Services Re-entry Permit Visa TN Visa Crewmember Visa C Visa D Visa Other Immigrant Visas Diversity Immigrant Visa (DV) Returning Resident Visa Articles Our Blog Contact us Menu Home Compare L1 & H1B Visa Types US Visit Visa B1 Visa for Researcher B1 Business Visitor B1 Athlete, Amateur or Professional B1 Visa for Business Venture B1 Visa for Speaker or Lecturer B1 Domestic Employee or Nanny Visa B1 Visa for Medical Elective B1 Visa for Conference B1 Visa for Voluntary Work B1 Visa OCS B1 Visa Non-OCS B1 Visa for Selling B1 Visa for Service Engineer B2 Visa for Tourism, Vacation, and Pleasure Visitor B2 Visa for Amateur Entertainer B2 Visa for Short Course of Study B2 Visa for Medical Treatment B2 Visa for Amateur Athlete Treaty Visas E1 Treaty Trader E-2 Treaty Investor E-3 Australian Professional Specialty Employer Sponsored Visa PERM EB1 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 NIW – Employment-Based Immigrants EB3 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB4 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB5 – Employment-Based Immigrants Nurses visa – Employment-Based Immigrants Doctors and Physicians Visa Family Visa Spouse of a U.S. Citizen Spouses and Children of Permanent Residents Visa Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents Visa Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens Visa Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens Visa Fiancé Visa K-1 Visa VAWA Visa U Visa Student Visa F-1 Student Visa M-1 Vocational Student Visa US Work Visas H-1B Visa – Specialty Occupation H-2B Visa H-3 Visa – Trainee Extraordinary Ability O-1 Visa O-2 Visa O-3 Visa Performing Artists P-1 Visa P-2 Visa P-3 Visa I-Visa Inter-Company Visa L1A Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1B Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1 New Office Intra-Company Transfer Visa Blanket L-1 Intra-Company Transfer Visa Naturalization US Naturalization Waiver of Ineligibility 1-601 – Criminal and Immigration Offences 1-601a Unlawful Presences 212(d)(3) Waivers I-212 Waiver Non-Immigrant Waiver Other Visa Services Re-entry Permit Visa TN Visa Crewmember Visa C Visa D Visa Other Immigrant Visas Diversity Immigrant Visa (DV) Returning Resident Visa Articles Our Blog Contact us Home Compare L1 & H1B Visa Types US Visit Visa B1 Visa for Researcher B1 Business Visitor B1 Athlete, Amateur or Professional B1 Visa for Business Venture B1 Visa for Speaker or Lecturer B1 Domestic Employee or Nanny Visa B1 Visa for Medical Elective B1 Visa for Conference B1 Visa for Voluntary Work B1 Visa OCS B1 Visa Non-OCS B1 Visa for Selling B1 Visa for Service Engineer B2 Visa for Tourism, Vacation, and Pleasure Visitor B2 Visa for Amateur Entertainer B2 Visa for Short Course of Study B2 Visa for Medical Treatment B2 Visa for Amateur Athlete Treaty Visas E1 Treaty Trader E-2 Treaty Investor E-3 Australian Professional Specialty Employer Sponsored Visa PERM EB1 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 NIW – Employment-Based Immigrants EB3 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB4 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB5 – Employment-Based Immigrants Nurses visa – Employment-Based Immigrants Doctors and Physicians Visa Family Visa Spouse of a U.S. Citizen Spouses and Children of Permanent Residents Visa Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents Visa Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens Visa Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens Visa Fiancé Visa K-1 Visa VAWA Visa U Visa Student Visa F-1 Student Visa M-1 Vocational Student Visa US Work Visas H-1B Visa – Specialty Occupation H-2B Visa H-3 Visa – Trainee Extraordinary Ability O-1 Visa O-2 Visa O-3 Visa Performing Artists P-1 Visa P-2 Visa P-3 Visa I-Visa Inter-Company Visa L1A Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1B Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1 New Office Intra-Company Transfer Visa Blanket L-1 Intra-Company Transfer Visa Naturalization US Naturalization Waiver of Ineligibility 1-601 – Criminal and Immigration Offences 1-601a Unlawful Presences 212(d)(3) Waivers I-212 Waiver Non-Immigrant Waiver Other Visa Services Re-entry Permit Visa TN Visa Crewmember Visa C Visa D Visa Other Immigrant Visas Diversity Immigrant Visa (DV) Returning Resident Visa Articles Our Blog Contact us Menu Home Compare L1 & H1B Visa Types US Visit Visa B1 Visa for Researcher B1 Business Visitor B1 Athlete, Amateur or Professional B1 Visa for Business Venture B1 Visa for Speaker or Lecturer B1 Domestic Employee or Nanny Visa B1 Visa for Medical Elective B1 Visa for Conference B1 Visa for Voluntary Work B1 Visa OCS B1 Visa Non-OCS B1 Visa for Selling B1 Visa for Service Engineer B2 Visa for Tourism, Vacation, and Pleasure Visitor B2 Visa for Amateur Entertainer B2 Visa for Short Course of Study B2 Visa for Medical Treatment B2 Visa for Amateur Athlete Treaty Visas E1 Treaty Trader E-2 Treaty Investor E-3 Australian Professional Specialty Employer Sponsored Visa PERM EB1 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 NIW – Employment-Based Immigrants EB3 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB4 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB5 – Employment-Based Immigrants Nurses visa – Employment-Based Immigrants Doctors and Physicians Visa Family Visa Spouse of a U.S. Citizen Spouses and Children of Permanent Residents Visa Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents Visa Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens Visa Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens Visa Fiancé Visa K-1 Visa VAWA Visa U Visa Student Visa F-1 Student Visa M-1 Vocational Student Visa US Work Visas H-1B Visa – Specialty Occupation H-2B Visa H-3 Visa – Trainee Extraordinary Ability O-1 Visa O-2 Visa O-3 Visa Performing Artists P-1 Visa P-2 Visa P-3 Visa I-Visa Inter-Company Visa L1A Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1B Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1 New Office Intra-Company Transfer Visa Blanket L-1 Intra-Company Transfer Visa Naturalization US Naturalization Waiver of Ineligibility 1-601 – Criminal and Immigration Offences 1-601a Unlawful Presences 212(d)(3) Waivers I-212 Waiver Non-Immigrant Waiver Other Visa Services Re-entry Permit Visa TN Visa Crewmember Visa C Visa D Visa Other Immigrant Visas Diversity Immigrant Visa (DV) Returning Resident Visa Articles Our Blog Contact us 21550 Oxnard Street, Woodland Hills California CA 91367 Free Consultation 310-943-6352 Free Consultation CONTACT US L1 Visa Attorneys Schedule your consultation today by completing the form below. Your Name *Phone Number *Email Address *Message * Submit Form The L1 Visa The L1 visa permits nationals from other countries to be transferred by their employers to enter into the United States so as to manage an organization, firm or to perform major function. L1 can also permit the holder to manage the start up of a new office or company. Who Is Suitable for the Visa? To qualify for the L1 Visa, a USA firm to which you are being transferred to should have a branch or affiliate with your non U.S. employer. Another thing, employment in the U.S. firm should be of the same or higher rank such as managerial duty. You also need to prove your skills and knowledge for a specific job. Requirements of L1 Visa The foreign company that you work with should have a relationship with the U.SThe foreign company and the USA Company should be active and viable the entire time of your employment in the U.SYou should have been employed overseas by the organization transferring you for more than one year within the past three years and be ready to perform duties in the U.S for the same employer. Type of People or Country that Gets the Visa For one to qualify for L1 visa, they must be working with an organization in their country that has a branch in the U.S. The organization in the U.S. should have confirmed your transfer and waiting to have you on board. Benefits of Getting the L1 Visa Once you have the L1 visa, you can legitimately live in the United States as well as seek permanent residency. It also becomes easy to freely travel in and out of the U.S. with an L1 visa. As an L1 visa holder, you can bring your family members along to live with you in the United States. Another benefit is that your spouse can apply for a work permit to find employment and your children can also go to school. Applying for the Visa Following the L1 Petition, a person who is abroad will need to apply for the L1 Visa You need DOS Form DS-160 nonimmigrant visa application.A copy of your passport that is valid for at least six months with a least one blank page for the period of residence in The U.S.You also need to submit two similar color photographs that show your full face without any covering. You can still wear a headdress if required by religion.Submit your detailed resume.Show proof that you have been employed as an executive by the organization for more than one year. Once your company has confirmed your transfer to the U.S. office, it is important for the company to start processing your application for the L1 visa. The L1 visa enables you to work in the United States legally and at the same time enjoy the benefits.It would be advantageous for You and your company to seek the assistance of a US Immigration Attorney to avoid a refusal or denial. Contact Us Today! For skilled and dedicated legal help with Immigration, call 310 943 6352 or fill out our contact form to speak with an attorney about how we can help. Experienced Trusted Reliable Your Name *Phone Number *Email Address *Message * Submit Form I am so grateful for Larhdel Law in helping me and my husband with our immigration case. They were always professional and prompt in their responses. Their knowledge and expertise in US/UK immigration law is exceptional. I would definitely recommend. Lena Martinez Being Old School, when it comes to doing business with someone I like to look them in the eye and seal the deal with a handshake, so doing an immigration process online was a complete anathema to me, but everything worked out fine with a positive result. Lara Akinlude provided all the information required in an efficient and timely manner and was always available to answer any questions that we had. The immigration information supplied was clear and concise with a detailed timescale to keep the ball rolling. Ultimately, the proof of the pudding is in the eating so my wife and I are extremely pleased and grateful for the service provided by Lara and would not hesitate to recommend Larhdel Law in future. Ray Scopes Real name obscured for privacy: Lara and Co. were very helpful in navigating our family move to the UK. It was a complicated time due to UK Gov being stressed by the Ukrainian refugee crisis however she kept advocating for us until the Visas were granted. Also we paid an expedite fee, and as service levels weren’t met (by Immigration Dept) Lara also successfully petitioned for a rebate of all expedite fee! A good experience therefore. Jon Dough Working with Lara Akinlude was a phenomenal experience from start to finish. She did an excellent job with my application and her correspondence was top notch! If you're researching the best immigration services for the UK, you've found it! Muhammad Saad Ms. Lara Akinlude helped me a lot in obtaining a settlement visa in the UK. Given the complicated nature of my case, she managed to made the process go smoothly from start to finish. She is very knowledgeable and thorough with all the small details so you do it correctly the first time. She will guide you in every step making sure everything is good to go before she even submit the application. I have nothing but great experience with Ms. Akinlude. I highly recommend her services for all your UK visa needs. CJ Masicat Lara Akinlude made the process of obtaining my UK citizenship really easy and straightforward. Her knowledge of the entire UK application and citizenship process is outstanding, which helped to ease my stress. I highly recommend. Catherine Fendall L1 Visa Attorneys 21550 Oxnard Street, Woodland HillsCalifornia CA 91367 Free Consultation: 310 943 6352 Get Directions Follow us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Quick Links Home Compare L1 & H1B Visa Types US Visit Visa B1 Visa for Researcher B1 Business Visitor B1 Athlete, Amateur or Professional B1 Visa for Business Venture B1 Visa for Speaker or Lecturer B1 Domestic Employee or Nanny Visa B1 Visa for Medical Elective B1 Visa for Conference B1 Visa for Voluntary Work B1 Visa OCS B1 Visa Non-OCS B1 Visa for Selling B1 Visa for Service Engineer B2 Visa for Tourism, Vacation, and Pleasure Visitor B2 Visa for Amateur Entertainer B2 Visa for Short Course of Study B2 Visa for Medical Treatment B2 Visa for Amateur Athlete Treaty Visas E1 Treaty Trader E-2 Treaty Investor E-3 Australian Professional Specialty Employer Sponsored Visa PERM EB1 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 NIW – Employment-Based Immigrants EB3 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB4 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB5 – Employment-Based Immigrants Nurses visa – Employment-Based Immigrants Doctors and Physicians Visa Family Visa Spouse of a U.S. Citizen Spouses and Children of Permanent Residents Visa Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents Visa Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens Visa Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens Visa Fiancé Visa K-1 Visa VAWA Visa U Visa Student Visa F-1 Student Visa M-1 Vocational Student Visa US Work Visas H-1B Visa – Specialty Occupation H-2B Visa H-3 Visa – Trainee Extraordinary Ability O-1 Visa O-2 Visa O-3 Visa Performing Artists P-1 Visa P-2 Visa P-3 Visa I-Visa Inter-Company Visa L1A Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1B Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1 New Office Intra-Company Transfer Visa Blanket L-1 Intra-Company Transfer Visa Naturalization US Naturalization Waiver of Ineligibility 1-601 – Criminal and Immigration Offences 1-601a Unlawful Presences 212(d)(3) Waivers I-212 Waiver Non-Immigrant Waiver Other Visa Services Re-entry Permit Visa TN Visa Crewmember Visa C Visa D Visa Other Immigrant Visas Diversity Immigrant Visa (DV) Returning Resident Visa Articles Our Blog Contact us Home Compare L1 & H1B Visa Types US Visit Visa B1 Visa for Researcher B1 Business Visitor B1 Athlete, Amateur or Professional B1 Visa for Business Venture B1 Visa for Speaker or Lecturer B1 Domestic Employee or Nanny Visa B1 Visa for Medical Elective B1 Visa for Conference B1 Visa for Voluntary Work B1 Visa OCS B1 Visa Non-OCS B1 Visa for Selling B1 Visa for Service Engineer B2 Visa for Tourism, Vacation, and Pleasure Visitor B2 Visa for Amateur Entertainer B2 Visa for Short Course of Study B2 Visa for Medical Treatment B2 Visa for Amateur Athlete Treaty Visas E1 Treaty Trader E-2 Treaty Investor E-3 Australian Professional Specialty Employer Sponsored Visa PERM EB1 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB2 NIW – Employment-Based Immigrants EB3 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB4 – Employment-Based Immigrants EB5 – Employment-Based Immigrants Nurses visa – Employment-Based Immigrants Doctors and Physicians Visa Family Visa Spouse of a U.S. Citizen Spouses and Children of Permanent Residents Visa Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents Visa Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens Visa Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens Visa Fiancé Visa K-1 Visa VAWA Visa U Visa Student Visa F-1 Student Visa M-1 Vocational Student Visa US Work Visas H-1B Visa – Specialty Occupation H-2B Visa H-3 Visa – Trainee Extraordinary Ability O-1 Visa O-2 Visa O-3 Visa Performing Artists P-1 Visa P-2 Visa P-3 Visa I-Visa Inter-Company Visa L1A Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1B Intra-Company Transfer Visa L1 New Office Intra-Company Transfer Visa Blanket L-1 Intra-Company Transfer Visa Naturalization US Naturalization Waiver of Ineligibility 1-601 – Criminal and Immigration Offences 1-601a Unlawful Presences 212(d)(3) Waivers I-212 Waiver Non-Immigrant Waiver Other Visa Services Re-entry Permit Visa TN Visa Crewmember Visa C Visa D Visa Other Immigrant Visas Diversity Immigrant Visa (DV) Returning Resident Visa Articles Our Blog Contact us Copyright © 2023 by Biz & Project | Sitemap | L1 Visa Attorneys | Warner Business Centre 21550 Oxnard Street, 3rd Floor, Woodland Hills, California CA 91367 | Free Consultation: 310-943-6352 Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase TextIncrease Text Decrease TextDecrease Text GrayscaleGrayscale High ContrastHigh Contrast Negative ContrastNegative Contrast Light BackgroundLight Background Links UnderlineLinks Underline Readable FontReadable Font Reset Reset