UNSOED Conferences Conference Help User Username Password Remember me Conference Content Search All Authors Title Abstract Index terms Full Text Home About Log In Account Search Home > UNSOED Conferences UNSOED Conferences Open Conference System (OCS) offers a complete Web presence for scholarly conferences.OCS Guide / Panduan Pengelolaan Seminar :OCS in an HourOCS Quick Guide Seminar Nasional LPPM UNSOED View Conference International Conference on Language, Linguistics, and Literature | Dressed to Kill: Fashion, Body, and Identity Binual Conference held bay English Language and Literature Department View Conference International Student Conference On Accounting & Business International Student Conference On Accounting & Business View Conference Seminar Nasional Fisika dan Pertemuan Ilmiah XXXIV View Conference KRIPIK-SciFiMaS Sejalan dengan target SDGs pemerintah Indonesia pada tahun 2030 dan dalam rangka penguatan sektor perikanan dan kelautan di masa pandemi Covid-19, Fakultas Perikanan dan Kelautan Universitas Jenderal Soedirman berkomitmen untuk mendukung pencapaian target tersebut dengan menyelenggarakan konferensi internasional “The 4 th Kripik-Scifimas” 2021. The conference has special theme, “Innovation and reinforcement for fiseries and marine sustainability in Covid-19 pandemic era”. The conference will be held virtually via Zoom during 12-13 November 2021. There will be four specific sub-themes to accommodate all fields related to fisheries and marine sectors, i.e., aquaculture, marine science technology and engineering, aquatic biodiversity and ecosystem, and social-economy of Aquatic resources. Current conference will invite Keynote Speaker (from government), Guest Speaker (from stakes holders) and Expert speaker from several countries (New Zealand, USA, Vietnam, Malaysia). We are warmly welcome outstanding students, researcher, lecturer, bussiness owner, technician, and government internationally to join and attend this conference. Future collaboration among all professions related on fisheries and marine sectors consist of academics, government, and private sector are expected in order to achieve the sustainability of fisheries and marine production. View Conference International Conference on Multidisciplinary Approaches for Sustainable Rural Development (ICMA-SURE) 6th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON MULTIDISCIPLINARY APPROACHES FOR SUSTAINABLE RURAL DEVELOPMENT (ICMA-SURE 2023) will be held in Purwokerto, Central Java, Indonesia during OCTOBER 19-20, 2023.The topic of this conference is “Advancing Health and Sustainable Development in Rural Communities: Current Challenges and Future Opportunities”.Advancing health and sustainable development in rural communities is a critical endeavor. By acknowledging and addressing the current challenges while seizing the opportunities, we can create a brighter future for rural areas, ensuring equitable access to quality healthcare, fostering economic growth, and preserving the unique cultural and environmental heritage of these communities.Accordingly, the sub themes are provided as follows:Arts and humanitiesLife and applied scienceNon-communicable diseaseMaterial science and engineeringIntegrated technology and management for halalWe warmly welcome previous and prospected authors submit your new research papers to ICMA-SURE 2023, and share the valuable experiences with the scientist and scholars around the world. View Conference The 16th Joint Conference on Chemistry 2021 View Conference Soedirman's International Conference On Mathematics and Applied Sciences (SICoMAS) 2021 Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences Jenderal Soedirman University is pleased to present Soedirman’s International Conference on Mathematics and Applied Sciences (SICoMAS) 2021. The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers, lecturers, teachers, students, practitioners, and industrial professionals from around the world to share knowledge, exchange idea, collaborate, and present research results in the fields of mathematics, physics, chemistry, and their applications. By taking issue “Fundamental, Flexibility, and Innovation in Mathematics and Sciences”. The conference will be held from October 20th to 21st, 2021 using online platform. It is our great pleasure to invite you to present your recent results through online oral presentation in SICoMAS 2021. Selected papers will be published in a proceeding indexed by scopus. We are looking forward for your participation during the event. View Conference LIONG International Conference (Literature Innovation in Chinese Language) “Liong is a manifestation of Chinese culture that is believed to bring fortune and goodness. In practice, Liong is used as one of the performances for Chinese New Year celebrations which is still preserved today. Liong performance blends with the music to excite performers and the audience. Liong performance is expected to bring good luck and give spirit to life. As one of the Chinese cultural practices that have merged with Indonesian culture, Liong has become something "iconic". The 1st LIONG conference (Literature Innovation in Chinese Language) attempts to accommodate intriguing themes. This year, we present “Challenges of Online Learning during Pandemic Era" to accommodate the growing interest of Literature Innovation analyses in the fields of cultural studies, literary studies, linguistics and education in Chinese Language. For this very reason, the 1st LIONG Conference encourages researchers, authors, academic practitioners, and those who are interested in exploring this issue to participate in the conference. Accordingly, the sub themes are provided as follows Innovation in: Teaching Language Linguistic Literature Culture Education Applied Linguistic View Conference Seminar Series on Fisheries and Marine Science (S2FiMaS) One of the visions for Indonesia is becoming the World Maritime Axis (Poros Maritim Dunia) stated by President Joko Widodo in one of his speech (2014). This vision is projecting Indonesia to become a maritime country that is sovereign, advanced, independent, strong, and capable of making a positive contribution to regional, world security and peace following national interests. To achieve the vision, Indonesian government proved their accomplishment by implementing a blue economy regulation which is not only able to improve the quality of life of Indonesian but also to conserve and protect the ecosystems, in order to be sustainable use, efficient, creative, and innovative in term of managing the marine and fisheries products and services.The Fisheries and Marine Science Faculty, Jenderal Soedirman University is committed to support the government's efforts in achieving the vision of Indonesia to become the World Maritime Axis. This is manifested in the form of innovation in the field of science. We are aware that achieving this vision requires synergy from stakeholders such as the government, private sector, academics, researchers, and the community. Therefore, we invite related parties to share their ideas and research results in the Seminar Series on Fisheries and Marine Science (S2FiMaS).S2FiMaS is a platform for researchers and academics in the marine and fisheries sector to be able to share research results so that they can be widely useful. The theme of this activity is focused on marine and fisheries research from leading researchers around the world. S2FIMAS is conducted regularly every week from November to December 2020 and will be broadcast live through the Zoom and Youtube platforms. View Conference The 1st International Conference on Political, Social and Humanities Sciences (ICPSH) 2020 The 1st "International Conference on Political, Social & Humanities Sciences" (ICPSH 2020) Faculty of Social & Political Sciences, Jenderal Soedirman UniversityTheme: "Navigating Global Society in the Disruptive Era" Background We live in an age of transformation in which strong global forces change the way we live and function. The rise of new emerging economies such as China, India, and other countries in the global south; the rapid proliferation of digital technologies; the rising challenges of globalization; and the global pandemic; all that issues above have impacted global society. Simultaneously, the resurfacing of old international rivalries, the breaking of conventional alignments, and the emergence of new powers are changing the international structure of the 21st century, if not the methodology and analytical methods used by scholars to understand it. Although power politics is shifting, non-traditional challenges are also on the rise: seemingly never-ending wars in Africa and the Middle East, global migration, environmental problems, and the possibility of transnational terrorism are unavoidable factors that must be taken into account in any possible future scenario. Industrial Revolution 4.0 has had transformative impacts on all lines of society, and the global society must be prepared to face up to new developments that are evolving to the core. Such and other global developments bring substantial new opportunities to global society, nations, industries, businesses, and individuals that have successfully adopted them— but the risk for those who can not keep up has also risen dramatically. Aim and Scope The theme of this virtual conference is "Navigating Global Society in the Disruptive Era." Thus the conference has three main issues to be discussed: The conference will discuss the challenge of current global transformations towards global society, states, market, international engagement, and foreign relations. With the advent of a disruptive era, there is a change in the system of interaction between state actors and non-state actors in the global stage. Besides, it will discuss the impacts and effects of the disruptive era on international relations and diplomacy at large. Finally, it will also discuss the response of local society, local government, and public administration to the challenge and opportunities bought by the new transformation. This conference will explore and develop the central theme and welcome papers from a range of perspectives and backgrounds, school of thought, and interdisciplinary fields of intellectual discourses. Papers can be theoretical or based on observational case studies from any country or area of the world. Some of the problems addressed include (but not limited to) the following subtopics: Global Society and emerging technologies International Relations & Foreign Policy in the Disruptive EraPeace, human right and security in the era of digital technology Global pandemic, environmental issues, and global disaster managementPopulism and democratic backslidingReligious resurgence, communal identities and radicalismNew challenge and opportunity for social movement and global justicePeople mobility and international migration Challenge and opportunity of Communication in the disruptive era Challenge to Public Administration in the disruptive eraBuilding a resilient society in the disruptive era New transformation in the global economy A challenge to the sustainable development goals in the disruptive era A challenge and opportunities for education and culture in the era of Industry 4.0 View Conference 1st Virtual International Symposium On Health Sciences (ISHS) About ISHS“We give you experience, more than just a virtual meeting”After the success of last year's conference, with papers published in the Scopus-indexed journal, the Faculty of Health Sciences held another event this year. ISHS is a biannual symposium that covers updates and research in health sciences field including nursing, pharmacy, nutrition, public health and physical education. This symposium catalyze knowledge and experience among scientist, educator, clinician, student, and policy maker. It also bridges the gap between theory and practice. As we are currently in pandemic, the meeting will be held virtually using the Whova platform to give a convenient experience like an on site symposium. This virtual symposium enables participants to actively involved and create networking with speakers and other participants.The year of 2020 makes a major change in the early 21st century with the covid-19 pandemic that was discovered at the end of last year. All aspects of life in the world feel its effects, especially on health where the cobid-19 transmission is very fast and the mortality rate is high. Nurses are at the forefront in handling this epidemic along with doctors and other health workers. This pandemic changed the direction of nursing care in the health area including preventive, curative and rehabilitative. This change in direction requires nurses to improve their skills and knowledge. This cannot be done only in a clinic setting but has been done since in nursing school by examining the additional competencies of nursing graduates. The Faculty of Health Sciences, Jenderal Soedirman University, would like to provide meetings where educators, clinicians, researchers, policy makers and students may have dialogue regarding changes in nursing care after the Covid-19 pandemic in the world. The meeting wants to explore the leadership and management on health system approach, the readiness of nurses in delivering nursing care in a new health behavior, and the contribution of health education in preparing students to be competent in facing the new health care demand. View Conference The 2nd Animal Science and Food Technology Conference (AnSTC) 2020 Theme: "Advancing Animal Production Systems for Rural Development and Environment Sustainability"Following the success of hosting the 1st AnSTC 2019, we welcome academicians, postgraduate students, and researchers to present papers on the 2nd AnSTC 2020. The conference covers the following topics, but not limited to : Animal behaviourAnimal physiology and reproductionAnimal biotechnologyAnimal nutrition and feed technologyAnimal genetics and breedingAnimal waste and environmental technologyVeterinary scienceFood sciencePoultry, dairy, meat science and managementLivestock farming systemSocio-economic aspects of animal production View Conference International Conference In Health Sciences (ICHS) ICHS is an annual conference that covers updates and research in health sciences field including nursing, pharmacy, nutrition, public health and physical education. This conference aims to catalyze knowledge and experience among scientist, academics, clinicians, student, and policy maker. It also bridge the gap between theory and practice. Due to the pandemic situation, the event will be held using virtual meeting platform. This creates borderless environment and enables participants from different part of the world to actively involved and create networking with speakers and other attendees. The Covid-19 pandemic has changed the world and transformed basic human interaction to a virtual approach, technology-based, and thus affects all aspects of society. Most importantly, this pandemic also accelerate change in medical approach by transforming health care system through upgrading safety protocols in the interaction between health practitioners and patients, without downgrading quality of patient care and satisfaction. Thus, virtual care and remote medicine have found its rising highlight in the past year as the main choice for health care approach. The Faculty of Health Sciences, Universitas Jenderal Soedirman, would like to provide meetings where all involved parties in the health care system may have dialogue to response on virtual care and remote medicine’s challenges and opportunities. The meeting wants to explore the leadership and management on health system approach, the readiness of health system personnel to apply virtual care and remote medicine, as well as the contribution of health education in preparing students to have the required competencies in response to the new health care demand. View Conference International Conference on Language, Linguistics, and Literature: Superhero in the Age of Transnationalism (COLALITE) Superheroes have special parts in our hearts. Our childhood fantasies were occupied by them, and even as adults, our mind are still wishing for their presence. For ages, our dreams of superheroes have been pouring down, spreading through words of mouth, filling up the pages of books, and engraving sheets of papers and celluloids. More recently, they find a way to surf in our media, connecting people from different nations who share the same idea that there will be special people with special powers to solve world’s problems. These superheroes, regardless their questionable reality, have reminded us that we need to put aside our differences and work together to make our world a better place. Their presence in our cultures, literatures and languages, therefore, deserves to be acknowledged in a special academic venue. However, bringing these compelling issues into academic atmosphere through narrow-limited conference is still a rarity.The biennial Conference of Language, Linguistics and Literature (COLALITE) always attempts to accommodate intriguing themes. This year, the 4th international COLALITE presents “Superhero in the Age of Transnationalism” to accommodate the growing interest of superhero texts analyses in the fields of cultural studies, literary studies, linguistics and education. For this very reason, the 4th COLALITE encourages researchers, authors, academic practitioners, and those who are interested in exploring this issue to participate in the conference. However, due to Covid-19 Pandemic, 4th COLALITE 2020 is going to be conducted online. View Conference 1'st Jenderal Soedirman International Medical Conference (JIMC) 2020 Nanoscience is an emerging area of science that involves the study of materials on an ultra-small scale and the novel properties that these materials demonstrate. Nanoscience has the potential to reshape the world around us. It could lead to revolutionary breakthroughs in fields ranging from manufacturing to health care. At this time, we also have entered the era of genomic medicine (genomic medicine), which begins with the success in mapping the human genome. Even human genetic research in recent decades has led to the application of genomics for the benefit of patients (translational research). Genetic studies are now beginning to apply genetic information to achieve personalized medicine, which is an innovative approach to patient management by considering individual differences based on genes, environment, and lifestyle.Indonesia has a significant role in the development of nanosciences research and human genetics. Research in the field of nanoparticles, genetics, molecular biology, and infection have been carried out and has produced quite several publications and also application in the form of both national and international scene. This conference will be useful for presenting the latest research results in the field of nanoparticles, nanotechnology, and human genetics in supporting the development of patient-based individual character therapy (personalized medicine) and healthcare in general terms.This conference will be held in collaboration with Faculty of Medicine Universitas Jenderal Soedirman, Indonesian Consortium of Biomedical Sciences (KIBI), Indonesian Doctor Association, Indonesian Dentists Association, with the title “First General Sudirman International Medical Conference “Nanoscience From Basic To Clinic – Current Status of Genetic Diseases In Indonesia.” Organizing a conference at the Faculty of Medicine Unsoed will undoubtedly show the existence of Indonesia as one of the centers of research, education, and development in the field of advanced human genetics and Nanosciences expertise. View Conference The 3rd International Conference on Sustainable Agriculture for Rural Development (3rd ICSARD) The agricultural sector of Indonesia comprises large plantations (both state-owned and private) and smallholder production modes. The large plantations tend to focus on commodities which are important export products (palm oil and rubber), while the smallholder farmers focus on rice, soybeans, corn, fruits and vegetables.Indonesia is a major global key producer of a wide variety of agricultural tropical products, and although agriculture's share of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) has declined markedly during the last five decades, it still provides income for the majority of Indonesian households today. Achieving global food security whilst reconciling demands on the environment is the greatest challenge faced by mankind. By 2050 at least 9 billion people will need food, and increasing incomes and urbanization will inevitably lead to dietary change. The food security challenge will increasingly encompass the triple burden of malnutrition – under nutrition, obesity and micronutrient deficiencies. The urgency of the issues has led to huge scientific strides forwards, making it difficult to keep up with the rapidly expanding volume of scientific research. Following the success of the 1stInternational Conference on Sustainable Agriculture for Rural Development 2018 (1st ICSARD), the Faculty of Agriculture JenderalSoedirman University will host and organize the 2ndInternational Conference on Sustainable Agriculture for Rural Development 2020 (2nd ICSARD). The 2nd ICSARDaims to deliver state-of-the-art analysis, inspiring visions and innovative methods arising from research in a wide range of disciplines which have contribution in strengthening sustainable agriculture.The conference will address the food and agriculture system activities of processing, distributing and consuming food, as well as food production from crop, livestock, freshwater and marine sources; the availability, access, utilization and stability dimensions of food security; and the synergies and trade-offs between economic, environmental, health and social objectives and outcomes. The 2nd ICSARD, therefore,will bea valuable and beneficial forum for speakers, academicians, professionals and practitioners coming from universities, research institutions, government agencies and industries to share and exchange ideas, experience and recent progress in all aspects of sustainable agriculture and global food security. It is a matter of great privilege for us to invite you to contribute research papers and participate in the deliberations of the conference. We look forward to welcome you at Purwokerto, home of JenderalSoedirman University, Indonesia. View Conference 3rd International Conference on Life and Applied Sciences for Sustainable Rural Development (ICLAS-SURE) Rural development is a process that seeks social change and sustainable economic development for the rural community´s ongoing progress. It aims to increase food production in a sustainable way and enhance food security. This will involve education initiatives, utilization of economic incentives and the development of appropriate and new technologies, thus ensuring stable supplies of nutritionally adequate food, access to those supplies by vulnerable groups, and production for markets; employment and income generation to alleviate poverty; and natural resource management and environmental protection. The ultimate goal is to improve their life quality and to preserve the environment. There are three basic needs in rural development for a sustainable future. The first one is improving millions of people´s welfare that live in the country (nearly half of the world population), thus reducing the rural-urban gap, stamping out poverty and preventing city migration. The second one is protecting and preserving natural, landscape and cultural resources. Last but not least is ensuring universal access to food with a sustainable farming production.The 2013 World Monitoring Report of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) confirmed that the rural-urban gap still existed in the whole world. Illiteracy, lack of health care or poverty are some of the common problems affecting the country. Despite all these, international aid for rural areas has decreased two thirds in the past decades. Unsustainable behaviors and practices in the rural area have now become widespread. FAO (Food and Agriculture Organisation) describes a series of challenges in the Sustainable Agriculture and Rural Development (SARD) process, namely: ensuring a sustainable diet for present and future generations; offering steady and sustainable jobs; reducing the vulnerability of the farming sector; maintaining or increasing the productive and regenerative capacity of natural resources.. Thus, it is important to appreciate the role of the rural world in the preservation of nature, create a local consumption culture, facilitate the formative and management resources for a sustainable economy, make urban societies aware of the importance of rural areas, and so on. In making central the role of rurality in sustainable development, it is important to consider the notion of innovation as achieving the goals laid out by FAO is not an easy task and requires new, innovative ways.Innovation is central to the economic growth and development of any nation. It could greatly help to improve the life of rural poor people by proving new opportunities for development. In fact, the most of rural poor people are landless and therefore can not depend fully on the benefits of agricultural activities. Innovation is required to look at the new development activities and functions that create more employment opportunities in and outside agriculture in the rural sector. In the rural context, innovation approach provides new ways to solve the problems of rural people and to create new opportunities for rural development. In order to encourage rural innovation, a growing emphasis is being placed on the multidimensional approach to sustainable rural development, seeking to realize synergies from the links between development factors such as energy, health, education, water, food, gender, and economic growth. A paradigm shift is needed for a better understanding of rural innovation based on the recognition that rural people and communities are actually creative and they have been innovative over the time. Instead of merely trying to learn them how to innovate, scientists also must try to understand the various innovations they put in place in order to face multi-faceted rural development challenges. Scientists of multidiscipline background also have to work hand in hand with each other, as well as with rural communities, to initiate and develop innovative ways to make rural development sustainable for a long time. It could only be undertaken by knowledge sharing between many disciplines, ranging from management studies, social sciences, life sciences, marine science, and animal science to engineering. There is no better sphere to make the collaboration between scientists with a wide range of knowledge and skills works well than a conference. It is in this principle we will be hosting an international conference on multidiscipline approach for sustainable rural development. This year, the theme of this conference is “Multidisciplinary Research for Rural Innovation.” View Conference 3rd KRIPIK-SCiFiMaS 2019 In the 2015, the Indonesian government announced the much-awaited vision, namely “Global Maritime Axis” that assign fisheries and marine affairs sector as the main pillar of national economic development. Indonesian marine and fisheries development adopted the concept of sustainable development paradigm “Blue Economy” (Pauli, 2010). Such a concept is the latest version of the green economy which is not only preserving and protecting ecosystems for sustainable use, but also puts the ecosystem as a subject and a model in the use of the ecosystem it self, by focusing on community involvement (social inclusiveness), creativity and innovation that can manage products and services in an efficient manner.To support the policy, Fisheries and Marine Science Faculty, Jenderal Soedirman University in collaboration with the Center for Maritime Biosciences Studies organize the “3rd KRIPIK-SCiFiMaS 2019” with the theme “Sustainability of Aquatic Resources and Environment for Better Future” which scheduled on 29-30 July 2019 at Java Heritage Hotel Purwokerto, Indonesia. The conference is supported by the Inter-university Consortium of Fisheries, Aquaculture, and Marine Sciences (CFAMS), ASEAN Fisheries Education Network (ASEAN-FEN), and Indonesian Ministry of Research, Technology and Higher Education (Kemristekdikti). To reinforce the Indonesian branding, we call this international conference “KRIPIK-SCiFiMaS”, which comes from the SCiFiMaS (Scientific Communication in Fisheries and Marine Science) tranlation in Bahasa Indonesia (KRIPIK: Komunikasi Riset Ilmiah Perikanan dan Ilmu Kelautan). The 1st and 2nd of KRIPIK-SCiFiMaS have been successfully held in 2016 and 2018.An official ceremony of the 3rd KRIPIK-SCiFiMaS 2019 will be hopefully opened by DR. Muhammad Yusuf Kalla, Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia (to be confirmed). Several experts from CFAMS, ASEAN-FEN, Australia, South Korea, China, America, France, Germany, USA and Indonesia will share regarding the development of science and knowledge in the field of fisheries and marine science both as guest or expert speaker. It is estimated that more than 300 participants (student, researcher, academia and stakeholders) from ASEAN and other countries will participate in the conference. View Conference SEMINAR NASIONAL FAKULTAS PERTANIAN UNSOED 2021 Seminar Nasional Fakultas Pertanian 2021 Memasuki era revolusi industri 4.0, berbagai aktivitas sosial, pendidikan, ekonomi dan lainnya selalu dikaitkan dengan penggunaan teknologi yang terintegrasi dengan jaringan internet. Kondisi ini membuat banyak sektor seperti sektor bisnis, pendidikan, dan administrasi mulai berevolusi. Lalu bagaimana dengan sektor pertanian di era revolusi 4.0? Konsep pengembangan pertanian yang banyak dikembangkan di negara maju saat ini adalah konsep pertanian cerdas, yang biasa juga disebut smart farming atau precision agriculture. Tujuan utama penerapan terknologi tersebut adalah untuk melakukan optimasi berupa peningkatan hasil (kualitas dan kuantitas) dan efisiensi penggunaan sumber daya yang ada. Di Indonesia sendiri, revolusi industri 4.0, terutama di sektor pertanian belum begitu berhasil berkembang. Hal ini disebabkan oleh beberapa factor (LINE Jobs, 2019):1) petani Indonesia mayoritas berusia lebih dari 40 tahun dan lebih dari 70 persen petani berpendidikan rendah.2) kepemilikan lahan pertanian para petani di Indonesia rata-rata di bawah 0.3 hektar.3) dan teknologi baru belum sepenuhnya dapat diterima masyarakat. View Conference Soedirman's Internasional Conference On Mathematics and Applied Sciences (SICoMAS) Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences Jenderal Soedirman University is pleased to present Soedirman’s International Conference on Mathematics and Applied Sciences (SICoMAS) 2019 . The conference aims to provide a platform for researchers, lecturers, teachers, students, practitioners, and industrial professionals from around the world to share knowledge, exchange idea, collaborate, and present research results in the field of mathematics, physics, chemistry, and applied sciences. By taking issue “Innovation in Mathematics and Applied Sciences for Better Future”, the conference will be held from October 23 to 24, 2019 at Java Heritage Hotel, Purwokerto, Indonesia. View Conference International Conference on Engineering, Technology and Innovative Researches (ICETIR) International Conference on Engineering, Technology and Innovative Researches ICETIR 2022 “Sustainable Engineering and Technology for Reshaping Our Community”October 12th, 2022 – Purwokerto, IndonesiaThis Conference is Organized by Engineering Faculty, Jenderal Soedirman University, Indonesia. The conference would offer a large number of invited lectures from renowned speakers all over the country. All accepted paper will be published in the Journal of Physics Conference Series (Scopus Indexed). Best paper awards will be given for the papers judged to make the most significant contribution to the conference. View Conference