Akiraryu – International Consulting Ir al contenido Akiraryu International Consulting About Our products Services Sucess stories Contact Menú About Our products Services Sucess stories Contact We are Akiraryu, a team of lawyers with a worldwide reputation → Akiraryu represents the determination of the firm to achieve the success of its clients’ operations. Our company is more than a corporation, is a way of living and philosophy of business. Using the maximum drive available and support our client’s business toward success. Client focus Expert Lawyers A global view Our practice areas developed to meet a changing global marketplace. Buscar Buscar Capital Markets Advising on legal and regulatory matters. Drafting documents. Negotiating contracts. Working with bankers to obtain approval from various external parties such as regulators, listing agencies and rating agencies. Adquisitions Our expert lawyers advise and accompany our clients in all legal aspects related to the acquisition, merger and restructuring processes of companies, knowing very well all the challenges that arise in this type of transactions. Financial Advice Our lawyers are adept at advising entrepreneurs and businesses. We can advise on setting up investment funds, payment service providers and asset managers, including incorporation and funding rounds. Global challenge World class response At our firm, we have a team of highly skilled lawyers working around the world to help our clients do great business. Our team has extensive experience in business law and is committed to providing a high quality service that meets our clients’ needs. If you need legal advice for your business, please do not hesitate to contact us. We are available to answer any questions you may have and provide legal assistance anywhere in the world. Whether you are starting a new business or looking to expand internationally, our team of attorneys can provide. CONTACT WE ARE INTERMEDIARIES We bring your products to the rest of the world Coal Coal is an important and reliable source of energy in a variety of industries, and we are proud to be part of its supply chain. Iron We offer high quality iron to meet the needs of our suppliers. We are a company committed to customer satisfaction. Fuel and GNL We provide ongoing advice on pipeline projects and natural gas purchase and transportation contracts, as well as on bidding processes and development of liquefied natural gas projects. Commo-dities We are a legal company committed to supplying quality raw materials to reliable suppliers to meet your production needs. Sucess stories agosto 23, 2023 Fraud Offence filed for asking for credit in the name of third parties After several years of judicial investigation, the proceedings against our client were closed and provisionally dismissed. Accused of the crime of fraud. See more agosto 23, 2023 We advise on the management as intermediaries in the purchase of coal. After several years of judicial investigation, the proceedings against our client were closed and provisionally dismissed. Accused of the crime of fraud. See more Our people Mª Dolores Cano Pérez Founder A lifetime of work in the commercial world, in the textile and health sector. Raimundo Fernández Caro Exec. Director Law degree from the University of Navarra, practicing lawyer and more than 25 years of experience in real estate, international trade and business management. Vanessa Goyzueta Bedoya Latam Manager LATAM manager. Manages raw materials from South America. Specialises in coal and iron ore. Josep María Costa Salva Real State Manager Law degree from the University of Navarra, practicing lawyer and more than 25 years of experience in real estate and business management. Vladimir Nikiforov East Manager Envoy by Gazprom (RU) to Spain since 1996 as sales representative, more than 20 years of experience in the world of buying and selling oil and gas related products. Felix Amaya Rivera Project Manager 40 years of experience in the business world, currently General Manager of Grupo Omega Perú, SAC, and BIO BATYREM. Turning risk into opportunity We are characterized by its international reach and the multidisciplinary approach that our team takes on all projects. Almost all of our projects are cross-border, working with Magic Circle firms and other leading firms from all over the world. Home About Our Products Services Contact Intermediaries Coal Iron Fuel and GNL Commodities Legal Terms Policies Cookies Terms Policies Cookies © 2024 Power of Apolo, propulsora de marcas