Electric Gate Repair and Installation - Mazal Gates of Dallas TX Skip to content Close Home Gates Swing Gates Sliding Gates Contact Us (469) 730-0255 Mazal Automatic Gates – Award-Winning & Customer Satisfaction in DallasLOCAL GATE SPECIALISTS Need Gate Repair or Service? Call Us Today! (972) 544-6368 Providing Dallas with High-Quality Automatic Gate ServicesLOCALLY OWNED & OPERATED Are you looking for a reliable and affordable gate repair service in the Dallas area? MAZAL Gates provides a qualified and reliable mobile Gate Repair service in the Dallas area, with experienced technicians available 24 hours a day throughout the year. We take the security of your home and property seriously. Whether you are looking for a new electric gate install for your home or business, need your gate opener repaired, old gate automated, or misplaced your access keys, our experienced and dedicated team is here to provide prompt professional service. We offer a high-class service, reliable and affordable. Customer service is our number one priority so come to us for all your electric gate needs! We Service & Repair All Major Brands Including What our happy customers have said about MAZAL! Gennifer StrattonGoogle Review Click To See It On GoogleWe have used Mazal Garage Door and Gates twice now and we are extremely satisfied with their work. They are very punctual, courteous and knowledgeable. They do an amazing job! We highly recommend them and will use their services again in the future. Read MoreR KumarGoogle Review Click To See It On GoogleNir recently repaired our wrought iron gate. The latch was not properly working and I found him through web search with good reviews. He was very professional, explained us problem and did the best job and Inam sure the fix he did permanently will solve the problem. After the fix he took care of painting and finishing as well that it’s not at all noticeable. Read MoreBrent SilvaGoogle Review Click To See It On GoogleGreat customer service and Nir was extremely helpful with my gate. He also showed me some helpful tips to keep the chain looking great and the gate working properly. Read MoreAnil VGoogle Review Click To See It On GoogleExcellent response and service with integrity. Fixed the electric gates with minimum replacement of parts. Very reasonable and quick response Read MoreTyler GreeneGoogle Review Click To See It On Google Mazal Garage Doors & Gates was extremely professional and accommodating when installing my new gate. They kept me informed about how long the process would take and about the total cost of the service. Very reasonably priced and professional gate installation company! Highly Recommended! Read More Comprehensive Electric Gate Services Mazal Electric Gates provides convenient, on-call, direct-to-location service throughout the entire Dallas, Texas region. No matter your location, we will have an expert licensed technician at your property in no time at all, to provide you with the instant solutions you need. Schedule Service Now! Gate Repair Specialists If your Automatic Gate System is malfunctioning or damaged, Mazal’s team of experienced Automatic Gate technicians is on call 24/7. We will respond to an emergency call immediately. Request Service Now! Sliding Gate Repair Sliding gates are perfect for any property that needs to be opened and closed quickly. They provide an additional level of security, as they’re more difficult than swinging doors or rollup panels in case anyone tries scaling the gate- intruder alert! Learn More Swing Gate Repair Swing gates are a low-cost, easy way to provide security for your home. They’re mostly used in residential applications because they can be set up quickly and easily without much space required – though their large arc requires some forethought if you want people or vehicles approaching the gate while it’s opening/closing safely away from them! Learn More Gate Opener and Motor Repairs An automatic gate system is as simple as an opener, receiver, and clicker. Or it might include a keypad or intercom for communication between you and the gate; lock to keep intruders out (and doors locked from within); exiting device that releases whatever vehicle was garaged at your house when they arrived so no one has any worries about getting stuck inside during closing time! The perfect setup also includes solar panels which provide power in case there’s ever cloudy weather—or if someone cuts off our electricity because we were too lazy to do anything about those pesky storms last year again… Schedule A Consultation Recent Projects Gallery Gate Problems?Contact Us Now… (972) 544-6368 Schedule Now Name(Required) First Last Phone(Required)Email(Required) Type Of Service NeededSliding Gate RepairSwing Gate RepairOpener RepairGate Motor RepairOtherDesired Date For Service MM slash DD slash YYYY Desired Time Hours : Minutes AM PM AM/PM Message We provide full service, on-the-spot gate and garage door installation, repair, and maintenance throughout Dallas metropolitan area. Contact Us Call (469) 730-0255 Email nirdorzia@gmail.com Service AreasCollin County Dallas County Tarrant County Denton County Ellis County Sitemap Recent Reviews Mazal Garage Door and Gates Dallas5 Stars - Based on 11 User Reviews 2024 Mazal Gates All Rights Reserved. Design & Marketing by Partners In Local Search. Back to top Home Gates Swing Gates Sliding Gates Contact Us (469) 730-0255 Call Us Today!Schedule Service Now!