Specialist Building Services London | Excell Building 020 712 502 51 Excell Building, 237 Wickham Chase, West Wickham, BR4 0BJ Call us on: 020 712 502 51 Email us on: info@excellbuilding.com Find us at: Home About Us Services Refurbishments Loft Conversions House Extensions Basements Architectural Design New Build Projects Testimonials Contacts Get a quote More space for living! Excell Building is leаding property refurbishment specialists with a wealth of experience in completing house extensions, loft conversions, basements, kitchen and bathroom projects to the very highest standards. Call us now for a professional and friendly service - 02071250251 We are a professional building company operating in all areas of London. Contact us now WELCOME TO EXCELL BUILDING – SPECIALIST BUILDING SERVICES LONDON Welcome to Excell Building’s website; let us introduce ourselves and explain a little bit about who we are and what we do. We offer specialist building services in London, working with architects, designers, landlords and home owners to help them realise their dreams and aspirations, making their properties just what they want them to be. We provide a specialist building service and pride ourselves on the quality of our work and have happy clients all over West, South West, North and Central London. OUR SERVICES New Build Excell building providing high quality of new builds construction work in South East of London. O... Find out more Basements Many London properties have basements, either semi-basements with windows onto a rear garden or t... Find out more House Extensions House extensions remain a popular way to increase living space and if you are one of the lucky Lo... Find out more Loft Conversions Excell Building are loft conversion specialists and have many satisfied customers across south we... Find out more Refurbishments Excell Building have a great track record in making people’s dreams come true with professional h... Find out more View All Services WE GIVE 12 MONTHS GUARANTEE FOR ALL OUR WORK AND 20 YEARS FOR STRUCTURAL WORK! Approved by Checkatrade and Accreditus THE PROFESSIONAL BUILDING COMPANY Nine out of ten of our clients come to us recommended by previous happy customers and we think that says it all. We have testimonials from many satisfied customers which we are happy to share with you and as you look through our website, you can browse pictures of some of our previous construction projects, so you can see just what we can achieve. We give a full twelve-month warranty on all our work such as loft conversions or house renovations, so in the unlikely event of it not coming up to standard in some way, we will make sure it gets put right. We’re not happy until you’re happy! SPECIALIST BUILDING SERVICES LONDON Give us a call to chat about the construction work you have in mind. We offer a full range of specialist building services in London of course, so whether you are thinking of a loft or basement conversion, an extension or a full refurbishment of your London property, we can help you get the home you have always wanted, quickly and reliably. Moving in London can be costly and if you have the location of your dreams, why not come to us so you can have the house of your dreams too? Space is often at a premium, but with so many London houses having extensive lofts and basements which are lying empty, don’t move, simply extend. We try to make our presence in your home as hassle-free as possible. Everyone has stories about living with builders but when you employ Excell Building, you won’t have a long drawn out nightmare; you will have a great experience, ending with your perfect home. Our Services Architectural Design Basements House Extensions Loft Conversions New Build Refurbishments Quick Navigation Home About Us Services Projects Testimonials Contacts Contact Details Tel: 020 712 502 51 Address: Excell Building, 237 Wickham Chase, West Wickham, BR4 0BJ © Copyright 2024 Excell Building Cookies Policy When you visit our website, we use cookies, which are small pieces of information that allow us to maintain your connection to our website. This website may use cookies for detecting what kind of device you have in order to present content in the best way and/or for other purposes. These cookies do not collect or store any personally identifiable information. By using our website you accept our Privacy Policy and use of cookies. I accept Cookies Policy When you visit our website, we use cookies, which are small pieces of information that allow us to maintain your connection to our website. This website may use cookies for detecting what kind of device you have in order to present content in the best way and/or for other purposes. These cookies do not collect or store any personally identifiable information. By using our website you accept our Privacy Policy and use of cookies. I accept