Recruitment Agency Singapore | Protemps Employment Services Contact Us Home About Us Company Profile Mission Statement Why Choose Us Our Services Employers Jobseekers The Preferred Recruitment & Employment Agency in Singapore We are committed to your online safety and data security. Read More The Preferred Recruitment & Employment Agency in Singapore We are committed to your online safety and data security. Read More The Preferred Recruitment & Employment Agency in Singapore We are committed to your online safety and data security. Read More Welcome to Protemps Established in 1987, Protemps is the leading recruitment and employment agency in Singapore helping businesses with all their Human Resource needs. From executive search to payroll and work pass application services, we are well-equipped with the experience and expertise to help you find the right people to take their business to new heights. Read More What We Do View All Services Recruitment Recruitment We specialise in recruiting for contract, temporary and permanent job placements, as well as executive search. Learn More Payroll Payroll Our one-stop solution to all your human resource needs includes payroll processing and HR administration. Learn More Work Pass Application Work Pass Application Let us help you with the time consuming and complicated paperwork involved with employee work pass applications, such as Employment Pass, SPass, Work Permit and LOC/Dependent Pass Application. Learn More Employer/Jobseeker For Employers As the trusted employment agency in Singapore for executive search, contract and temporary staffing, let us be your dedicated HR partners. Hire With Us For Job Seekers We have helped countless job seekers find gainful employment. Let us help you find a suitable position to kickstart or grow your career today. Look For Jobs Ready to get started? Email Us Today Contact Us PROTEMPS EMPLOYMENT SERVICES PTE LTD (EA Licence No. 87C5616) Protemps Employment Services Pte Ltd established in 1987 has been providing Contract, Temporary, and Permanent Placements. About Us Contact Us 60 Paya Lebar Road, #05-32 Paya Lebar Square, Singapore 409051 (+65) 6337 2188 hr@protemps.com.sg (for employers’ local enquiries) foreignrecruit@protemps.com.sg (for employers’ foreign recruitment enquiries) apply@protemps.com.sg (for candidates, send your CV here) Sitemap Home About Us Our Services Employers Jobseekers Contact Us Other Links Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright © Protemps Employment Services PTE LTD. All Rights Reserved. Web Excellence by Verz