Savvy Lime – Banding + Websites + Digital Marketing Ideas + Design | Logo Design + Websites + Digital Marketing Ideas ABOUT SERVICES Training Landing Page Web Design Graphic Design Digital Marketing Pricing Guide BLOG CONTACT Select Page Smart Creative Digital Solutions We craft memorable brands that tell your story and put you ahead of your competition – by offering a full range of results-driven, strategy-based and affordable digital marketing and graphic design solutions, tailored to your business, no matter how you slice it – you can trust us to get the job done. what can we do? Our Services  Brand Strategy & Brand Activation Set your business up for long-term success right from the start with our winning brand strategy through social media and effective digital camapigns.  Conversion Focused Websites Get more leads and increase online sales with our custom-designed websites that maximise conversions with our mobile-optimised eCommerce stores and landing pages.  Logo Design, Graphic Design for Print & Digital Tell your brand’s story consistently throughout all the mediums with our quality visual design.  Digital Marketing, Content Curation & Creation & SEO Reach your target audience online through Facebook Advertising, PPC and Google search advertising. Keep your customers engaged with premium content. LOGO + WEBSITE PACKAGES STARTING UNDER $2995 get bundle No Project Too Big Or Too Small Yes, we love what we do! We are passionate about delivering marketing campaigns that cut through the noise and deliver results for your business. We are a creative bunch and take pride in crafting your brand with surgical precision, supported by websites, graphic design and marketing. We bring industry knowledge backed by 21 years of experience in the field of marketing, publishing and visual design. You can trust us to take your business to the next level. We are based in Melbourne, Victoria and work with Australian small businesses and not-for-profit organisations as well as international clients. We offer a full range of creative services: Web Design & Website Refresh, Web Hosting and SSL Certificates and Website Redesign, Branding, Logo Design & rebranding, Marketing Strategy, Copywriting, Email Newsletters and Email Marketing, Graphic Design, Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), Google Advertising and much more… let's work together Years Experience Completed Projects these are the services we can deliver We help small businesses and nonprofit organisations achieve success through effective visual communication: digital marketing, conversion-focused websites and stunning graphic design plus more! k Content & Copywriting Get the right message across – we can write product / services descriptions, about pages, mission statements, and all the content you might need, all with the SEO in mind.  Logo Design & Branding A brand logo alone does not make – a brand is a personality of your business: the voice, the tone and the looks – we will create a unique and memorable brand that lasts.  Web Design Your website is an online foundation for your digital marketing – make it a solid one. We build websites that are beautiful, functional and reliable and work as hard as you do – 24/7.  Marketing Strategy Businesses who fail to plan, plan to fail – don't be a statistic – we can help you create a roadmap to success with our bespoke omnichannel Strategic Marketing Plan for your business.  Google & Facebook Ads We offer complete Google Adwords and Facebook account management services, PPC, Remarketing, Retargeting, Search Marketing & SEO.  Graphic Design We can look after all your visual design needs – from printed brochures and digital infographics to catalogues filled with thousands of products.  Training The best investment you can ever make is improving your skills (and skills of your people). We teach you how to use design software, create products in your online store, WordPress CMS and more! w Marketing & Design Assistance Just need a helping hand? We provide ad-hoc design and marketing assistance, project management and marketing auditing services.  Photography & Illustration Avoid tacky stock photos, present your products in the best light – a picture speaks a thousand words – tell your story with our custom illustrations and photographs. Why work with us? We are dedicated to providing affordable graphic design and website design solutions for small business, startups and not for profit organisations. We create purpose-driven marketing solutions and employ design thinking in everything we do – we get what it is you are trying to achieve, we know the challenging you are facing because we live it ourselves. We’ll help you build your business online and offline. We’ve Been Supporting Local Brands For Over 20 Years A brand is so much more than just a logo. Your brand is unique, just like you, with its own unique voice – we can help you tell your brands’ story. We’ll create a brand strategy for you and craft an unforgettable logo that is memorable, meaningful and unique. Consistency is key, so we will create a brand that communicates a consistent message across all your marketing materials both in print and digital including your website, your business cards, letterheads, promotional flyers, posters, social media, digital advertising and more. The best part is we are 100% local Australian-based, owned and operated business, located in Melbourne, Victoria. We do all the work ourselves and never outsource anything to other countries, by working with us you are truly supporting a local Australian business in your community. About Us Client Testimonials Our clients love us as much as we love them! Veronica has an exceptional work ethic, skills, ingenuity and comprehension of her clients’ needs. I have found her enthusiasm and dedication both inspiring and motivating. RCW Safety As a nonprofit organisation, we are very conscious of our marketing spend and most of all what we spend our time on – now we are extremely happy with our new beautiful website. Culture Cue Having an online presence made a huge difference to our art studio – Veronica helps us with great advice and looks after all our digital marketing and our custom-built website. Art Classes Melbourne From Our Blog Why Your Business Needs a Website Website DesignCreating a good website is a good investment for your business. Every business, no matter what size needs two things, a good logo and a good website. The answer to the “Why does my business needs a website?” is very simple: your website is your virtual foundation,... read more How to Present Your Products Online eCommerceAre you about to start selling your products or services online? That is great, but first, remember this old maxim: “First impressions last”! In the online world, you only get a fraction of a second to pique the interest of a potential customer. In other words, if... read more Common SEO Terminology Search Engine OptimisationSearch Engine Optimisation can be confusing, especially when some “SEO experts” like to bamboozle their clients with all the SEO jargon without actually explaining what the unfamiliar words and terms mean and why they are important, what metrics they should be... read more Read Our Blog Let's Build Something Amazing Together Ask us about our small business / startup website design & branding bundle – starting at $2995. Call: (03) 8589 9874 GET THE BUNDLE What solutions can you offer to my business? We are a full-service digital marketing creative agency, so we can help you with a variety of things: Digital Marketing Strategy & Social Media Strategy Content Strategy and Content Creation Visual Design for print and online Digital project management Online Advertising and data analytics Brand Design, Branding Strategy, Brand Marketing Search Engine Optimisation – SEO Website design and website development E-commerce and email marketing and much plus more! How much does it cost to hire you? If you are a start-up or a small business we are offering an affordable way to launch your brand with our website + logo bundle: all included for $2750. Otherwise, we do have an hourly rate for graphic design work and set pricing for a range of our digital marketing and branding services. What is your work process? We have streamlined our work process to make it efficient and effective: Discovery (we get to know you) > Work Scope & Quote (we propose a solution) > Research (we do extensive market analysis) > Development, Conceptualising & Presentation (we present our prototype/design/strategy)> Revisions & Approval (changes and amendment) > Delivery (we give you the finished product) > Ongoing Support (we want to keep you happy!) How long does it take to get the website or logo designed? Every project is different, so it will depend on the exact needs of the project. Generally speaking, a branding project takes about 2-4 weeks. A website project 2-6 weeks. Brochure design can take a week to 2 weeks. We also offer an urgent design service, but allowing at least two to three weeks for a project is a good idea. What are your payment terms? For most projects, we request a 60% down payment to start work on your project. For brand strategy work we require 100% upfront. We accept payments via bank transfer or PayPal. The exact details and payment terms will be provided in our proposal. Do you do all the work yourself? Yes, we do all of the work here, in our Melbourne office, which means when you hire Savvy Lime, you will work directly with us, we do not outsource any of our work (unless specified). We proudly do all of the work locally. Contact Us Name* Email* Company Phone* How can we help you?* How can we help you?* I want to order a Landing PageI want to order New Business BundleI want to get a QuoteI want to say "hello"I want to contribute my article for your blogI want to leave a reviewI want to collaborate on a creative project togetherI would like to book WordPress / WooCommerce / Shopify Training Your Message* 7 + 10 = Send Your Message FollowFollowFollowFollow  We are based in Melbourne!  43 Raleigh Street, Windsor VIC 3181 Australia  +61 (03) 8589 9874  hi@savvylime.com Savvy Lime Newsletter We'll occasionally only send you news and other cool stuff, no spam! Success! First Name Email Subscribe FollowFollowFollowFollow SAVVY BLOG Search Engine Optimisation eCommerce Website Design USEFUL LINKS Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Graphic & Web Design Pricing Website + Logo Package Only available for small businesses and startups. All-inclusive $2995. request bundle Made with in Melbourne by Savvy Lime © 2019. SAVVY LIME IS A FULL-SERVICE AUSTRALIAN VISUAL DESIGN, DIGITAL MARKETING & WEBSITE DESIGN STUDIO BASED IN MELBOURNE Custom Online Store Design, Branding, Professional Product Photography, Affordable Web Design, Website Hosting, Brand Design, Logo Design & Logo Revamp, Graphic Design, Design for Print, Organic Search Optimisation, Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), Website Refresh and Website Redesign, Branding & Rebranding, Stationery Design, Web Hosting and SSL Certificates, Product Descriptions, Website Blurbs & Copywriting, Content Marketing, Nonprofit Website Design, Landing Pages, Social Media Marketing, Digital Marketing Strategy, Email Set Up, Email Newsletters, Google Analytics, Google Advertising and more…