Home - profamir Skip to content Home Services About Me My Work Contact Blog Navigation Menu Navigation Menu Home Services About Me My Work Contact Blog Providing bespoke academic support to students and families CONTACT ME My services Academic and Professional Language Training I offer a range of academic skills, test and essay preparation including AP, IB SAT, IELTS and TOEFL to help students ease into the rigors of post-secondary education. I also work with university students and professionals who require individual academic or professional writing skills and training. High School Students I prepare students, including those who have been home schooled, who wish to apply to universities and colleges in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom and select European institutions. I also advise international students on equivalencies, mandatory tests, as well as the necessary language requirement levels. Student Athletes I provide student athletes with the insight they need to embark on their exciting journey. My knowledge of NCAA and U Sports (formerly CIS) rules and regulations help student athletes and their families make informed decisions. Education is a continuous journey Meet Professor Amir Abou-El-Kheir I completed my doctoral studies at King’s College London where I investigated the social development of students with specific focus on the dominance of foreign languages and the decline of native languages in international education contexts, and its implications on local culture and identity. I also hold a Master of Philosophy in Education and Cultural Studies from University of Glasgow as well as teaching and teacher training certifications.Born in Montréal, I have worked internationally as an educator, teacher trainer and researcher for various educational institutions. I have taught in England, France, Monaco, South Korea, UAE, Qatar and Morocco. Currently, I am a part-time English and academic Writing Professor at the University of Ottawa.In addition to my institutional experience, I work with students and their families to develop strategic and successful academic plans. This includes language and academic skills tutorials, exam prep, university selection and the application process. I also work with student-athletes who wish to pursue their sporting aspiration at the collegiate level in the US and Canada.I would love to speak with you about your education ambitions. Get in touch to see how I could support you academically. Have a project that you need help with? LET'S TALK Why work with me? A summary of my Experience • I have worked in the international education sector for over two decades. • I have tutored and mentored students at the pre and post-secondary levels for close to 20 years. • I have built and cultivated a wide network of international contacts with education institutions, professionals and specialists possessing years of experience. •I create personal relationships with all my students and their families and work closely with them to guide them through the often complex process of university applications. • I have developed meaningful connections in university and college sports. • And most importantly, I am passionate about assisting students realize their academic and athletic aspirations and I focus on offering a personalized and seamless experience as possible to all my clients. Amir Abou-El-Kheir Submit Get in touch Contact Me Phone : + 1 343 341 4511, +33 6 61 44 27 99 or +20 12 2620 0908Email : amir@profamir.com; a.abouelkheir@outlook.com; aabouelk@uottawa.ca