Sandown Nursing Home - Quality care in a homely environment ABOUT SERVICES CAREGIVERS CONTACT US ABOUT SERVICES CAREGIVERS CONTACT US You can't always be there. But we can. The interests and the care of all the residents at Sandown Nursing Home are always at the forefront of our mind. We offer personalised rooms, individualised care plans, wholesome foods and social activities. Request an appointment Quality care in a homely environment Sandown Nursing Home provides the highest levels of care within a homely and happy atmosphere. We strive to meet the needs of each individual resident in a friendly yet professional manner. View care services Palliative Care Palliative care is the active holistic approach to care for residents with an advanced progressive illness. Palliative Care Learn more Personal Care Our qualified staff provide caring assistance with a range of daily activities such as dressing and grooming. Personal Care Learn more Meals, Diet & Preparation We offer a variety of diets and supplements to meet the individual needs and preferences of the residents. Meals, Diet & Preparation Learn more Nursing & Medication We are here to support and assist with all their nursing and medication needs & be a voice for them. Nursing & Medication Learn more Recreation Activities We have a dedicated activities coordinator whose mission is to help residents maintain existing interests & develop new ones. Recreation Activities Learn more Respite Care Respite care we can provide a service that allows the resident & carers to have regular breaks allowing them to return to their own home refreshed. Respite Care Learn more Knowledge center What is a caregiver?Care Quality CommissonHow to start your care?What is a caregiver? A Caregiver is someone who is compassionate, reliable, knowledgeable, and most importantly, trustworthy. Sandown Nursing Home takes great care in selecting the right people to give your loved ones the care and attention they need. View Our TeamView Care Services Care Quality Commisson Updated 24 March 2021 Sandown Nursing Home provides accommodation, personal care and support for up to 39 older people. At the time of our inspection, there were 29 people living in the home. We found the following examples of good practice. Staff put on, took off and disposed of personal protective equipment (PPE) safely in line with the relevant guidance. Throughout our inspection staff were wearing the required levels of PPE and maintaining social distancing as much as possible. Staff had the training to manage infection control and COVID-19. The service had a good supply of (PPE) to meet current and future demand. Staff and people were routinely tested for COVID-19 as per best practice guidelines. Staff had regular testing with rapid response lateral flow tests (LFT) twice weekly as well as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) tests weekly. There were procedures in place to support safe visiting by relatives or external professionals. Staff undertook screening of all visitors including temperature checks and a questionnaire to determine risks posed by visitors. LFT tests for COVID-19 were completed for all visitors to the home. Visitors were provided with Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and guided to its safe use. There was a designated room with appropriate infection prevention and control measures set up, enabling safe visiting. Where people were unable to access the visiting room, relatives were supported to safely visit people in their bedrooms. This included routine visits and those in exceptional circumstances, such as when people were receiving end of life care. New admissions to the service were supported in line with best practice guidance. When someone new was admitted to the service they were required to provide recent COVID-19 test results. People were further tested by the service following admission and isolated upon arrival for 14 days to minimise the risk of infection to existing people. These procedures were also in place should existing people return to the home following a hospital stay. When needed people’s ability to consent to vaccination, isolation and regular testing for Covid-19 was assessed and the principles of the Mental Capacity Act were followed. The home was kept clean. In addition to routine cleaning, there was a rolling programme of continuously cleaning high touch surfaces, such as light switches, grab rails and door handles. Up to date policies, procedures and guidance for the service had been implemented. The management team understood where to find updated best practice guidance and where they could go for support should this be required. View Our Full Report How to start your care?Call and speak to one of our friendly team who will discuss your needs and outline how we can support you.Request a visit to our care home, where you can have a guided tour (in person or remotely) and we can discuss your requirements in further detail.Once agreed, we will set up your care plan and introduce you to your Caregivers. Request an AppointmentTelephone: 01983 402946 Visiting Sandown Nursing Home Sandown Nursing Home is run on a welcoming and informal basis. Due to Covid-19, and the safety of our residents, we have implemented some restrictions on visiting. write review Providing loved ones a home from home for over 20 years. Read below what our residents have to say and learn more about what makes us a premier provider on the Isle of Wight. Son of resident April 2023 Special thanks to all the staff we got to know over the past 12 months, (names removed). Everyone at the home is so hardworking and dedicated and it was a blessing to know that Dad was in caring hands and that he was never alone. Son of resident June 2023 Heartfelt thanks go out to you all for the kindness and the care that you showed Mum. I’m so glad that she spent her last days with you, she could not have been in better hands. You are all exceptional! Nephew of resident March 2023 Thank you so much for your fantastic care of (resident’s name). You were very kind and caring and made his last few days of life as comfortable as you possibly could. Daughter of resident March 2023 Thank you all very much for the love and care that you gave to our mum whilst she was in your care. You all went that extra mile to keep her comfy and safe. Family of resident January 2023 We just had to say a big thank you to all of you for caring for our mum for the short time she was with you. Nothing was too much trouble for what you did for her. You even made us all welcome. You have a wonderful place there, she looked so content and comfy when we saw her. Go to Top Address Sandown Nursing Home 28 Grove Road, Sandown, Isle Of Wight, PO36 9BE ServicesMeals, Diet & Preparation Nursing & Medication Palliative Care Personal Care Recreation Activities Respite Care CompanyAbout us Caregivers Contact us Privacy Policy Copyright © 2023 Sandown Nursing Home - All rights reserved - Created by Solent.Agency Search for: About us Services Caregivers Contact us