Business Financial Consultants Skip to content HomeAbout UsServices Family/Indivdual Individual Income Estate Planning Business Services Emerging Business Corporate Finance Tax Services Individual Income Taxation Business Taxation Bookkeeping/QuickBooks Payroll Services Cost Reduction Analysis ArticlesResources Checklist Downloads News and Weather Newsletter Taxpayer Guide to Identity Theft Tax Center Track Your Refund Tax Forms and Publications Record Retention Guide State Tax Forms Tax Due Dates IRS Withholding Calculator ContactPay My InvoiceToggle website search Menu Close Home About Us Services Family/Indivdual Individual Income Estate Planning Business Services Emerging Business Corporate Finance Tax Services Individual Income Taxation Business Taxation Bookkeeping/QuickBooks Payroll Services Cost Reduction Analysis Articles Resources Checklist Downloads News and Weather Newsletter Taxpayer Guide to Identity Theft Tax Center Track Your Refund Tax Forms and Publications Record Retention Guide State Tax Forms Tax Due Dates IRS Withholding Calculator Contact Pay My Invoice Toggle website search INNOVATION STRATEGIC PLANNING EXECUTION CHART A SUCCESSFUL COURSE & CELEBRATE!! Business Financial Consultants is a CPA firm specializing in taxation and other business matters including accounting and corporate finance. We offer services you would expect from a Big 4 accounting firm. BFC’s intense specialization in taxation provides for an international client base that is served at the business and individual level. Contact Us Name Email Phone Company Message Send Message 313-359-9358 Fax: 313-359-9389 Address 4468 Walton Blvd, Suite B., Waterford, MI 48329 U.S.A Email: bfc@bfcinc.com Our services Family / Individual Services Business Financial Consultants provides individualized Family Services to high net worth individuals and families. These services range from routine bill paying to complex financial, tax and estate planning. Business Services Business Financial Consultants has been on the ground floor with many start up businesses and the entrepreneurs behind these ventures. Tax Services Our mission is to assist our clients in paying the legal minimum amount of tax provided by law. Our consulting services are aimed at the minimization of tax while easing the administrative burden of compliance. Bookkeeping / QuickBooks Bookkeeping is the recording of financial transactions, and is part of the process of accounting in business and other organizations. ... Transactions include purchases, sales, receipts and payments by an individual person or an organization/corporation. Payroll Services Business Financial Consultants provides a wide range of services to businesses in a variety of industries. At Business Financial Consultants, we strive to meet each client’s specific needs in planning for the future and achieving their goals in an ever-changing payroll tax and regulatory environment. Cost & Expense Reduction Our network of customers has allowed us to negotiate significant discounts with vendors and suppliers on many of your businesses essential services which saves our clients on average of 18%. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright 2024 - Business Financial Consultants Powered By Atomic Design Factory