ShredCorp - Document & Data Shredding Professionals Skip to content Home Services Shredding Services Purge/File Box Clean Out Custom Paper Recycling Programs Scheduled Locked Container Service Media Destruction Records Storage Document Scanning About Why Shred? Why ShredCorp? Our Advantage Contact Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Menu Home Services Shredding Services Purge/File Box Clean Out Custom Paper Recycling Programs Scheduled Locked Container Service Media Destruction Records Storage Document Scanning About Why Shred? Why ShredCorp? Our Advantage Contact Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Document & Data Shredding Professionals About ShredCorp Our Services Contact us for a free estimate! FREE QUOTE Our Services ShredCorp is a MOBILE ON-SITE paper shredding company specializing in the protection of information related to business, financial, medical and legal fields.ShredCorp provides document shredding service that is secure, reliable, and an environmentally friendly process to prevent sensitive information from falling into the wrong hands. Shredding Services Purge/File Box Clean Out, Scheduled Locked Container Service and Custom Paper Recycling Programs. Media Destruction Protect your data no matter what the medium! Our state-of-the-art shredding equipment can destroy just about anything. Records Storage How long will it take you to find that box?ShredCorp can find it and have it in your hands in two hours! Document Scanning ShredCorp can pick up your file boxes, scan all documents to an electronic format of your choice, and index them on key words to help you find the records faster. Welcome to ShredCorp Professionally shredding documents throughout Michigan. Professionalism and Customer Service is our TOP PRIORITY! ShredCorp has the most advanced shredding trucks in the Metro Detroit AreaWe provide the most reliable & fastest “No-Touch” Mobile Document Shredding Service in MichiganOur Professional Shred Drivers are Bonded, Background checked, and Uniformed with photo IDsFlat Rate Pricing – per shredding cabinet, shred bin or file box. It’s the easiest pricing structure to manageFREE Bins & Cabinets with our Regular Scheduled Shredding ServiceNo Security Deposit required on any shredding cabinet or bin with our Regular Scheduled Shredding ServiceShredCorp is cost effective because we can shred in minutes what will take your employees hoursAfter each document shredding service, a Certificate of Destruction is provided for your records as proof that all materials have been shredded and recycled Why Shred? The Importance of Shredding and Protecting Your Investment In 2003, the American Society of Industrial Security estimated that theft of trade secrets could be as high as $100 billion. Items commonly stolen are: customer lists financial documents engineering specifications drawings vendor purchasing information Protect your intellectual property, customer relationships, vendor sources, and budgetary information by securely shredding discarded documents. Every business discards information on a regular basis. The challenge is to ensure that information is protected from unauthorized access. This includes: phone messages daily transaction reports customer lists business records old floppy discs computer CDs and even old computers If these items are not properly destroyed, the information they contain can bring harm to everyone involved, including employees, shareholders, customers and even business owners or managers Hiring a Service to Shred for You Outsourcing shredding is growing in popularity and has become the preferred information destruction solution for many organizations big and small. Personal information needs to be properly destroyed no matter how small the office is. Employees are often already responsible for many other important tasks. Outsourcing your business shredding needs may, therefore, be more reliable and convenient than doing it yourself. Not every shredding service takes security seriously. You should require that the service you choose screens employees, has the proper insurance, and prevents unauthorized access to the material before and after it is shredded. Ask for documentation of this before you hire a shredding service provider. Making sure you are dealing with a reputable firm with the proper security in place, is of the utmost importance. What should be Shredded? Account Records Addresses Bids and Proposals Blank Checks Blue Prints and Drawings Budget Data Cancelled Checks Competitive Information Computer Print Outs Contracts Copies of Checks Correspondence and Memos Credit Card Receipts Credit Information Customer Lists Deposit Slips Disciplinary reports and promotions Employment Applications Expense Reports Expired Coupons Extra Photocopies Financial Records Formulas, product plans, tests Insurance Information Inventory Reports Invoices Legal Documents Loan Applications Loan Documents Marketing Plans Medical Records and Charts Meeting Minutes Misprints New Product Development Information Outdated Business Records Passwords/PIN #s Payroll Records Personnel Files Performance Appraisals Prescriptions Price Lists Production Reports Purchase Orders R & D Information Sales Lists & Statistics Social Security Numbers Specification Drawings Strategic Reports/Plans Supplier Information Tax Records Treatment Programs Frequently Asked Questions Why use a Destruction Contractor? In-house shredding will not handle large volumes and may prompt employees to circumvent the destruction process. Company info such as payroll, legal and employment issues, and correspondence should be kept confidential. Employees are most likely to realize the value of discarded company info.Why use ShredCorp since we have an office shredder? We can destroy up to 5000 pounds per hour, while the average office shredder can only handle 200 pounds per hour. Save your office personnel’s valuable time by letting us shred for you. Did you know that 70% of all corporate crimes are committed by employees or ex-employees? Don’t give access to sensitive materials to the wrong people! We shred paper with staples and paper clips attached; all of which would need to be removed prior to using an office shredder.Why not use a recycling center for our shredding needs? With our on-site mobile document destruction unit, you can be assured that all of your sensitive materials are destroyed before leaving the premises.Do you issue a certificate of destruction? Yes. A Certificate of Destruction certifying the time and date your materials were destroyed is provided with all of our shredding services.Do we need to sort everything? No. We do all the work for you. We shred paper with paperclips, staples and binder clips.How does regular scheduled service work?Step 1: We place secure locked containers in your office.Step 2: On a scheduled day, ShredCorp empties the containers into a locked cart.Step 3: The documents are taken to our mobile truck and lifted to the shredder.Step 4: You can witness the destruction process from our video monitor.Step 5: A Certificate of Destruction is provided as proof of the serviceWhy not just recycle? Recycling alone does not establish the necessary requirements of information destruction such as: How, where, when, and who destroyed the materials. A legal chain of custody needs to be established to properly identify fiduciary obligations. Sample Document Retention Schedule Guidelines.pdf (155 KB) ShredCorp Advantage ShredCorp believes that reliable and repeatable processes, a simple pricing methodology, and a firm commitment to customer satisfaction are the keys to supporting our mission and success in the document shredding industry.Below are the items that we think support these ideas and help make ShredCorp rise above the competition: Flat Rate Pricing No guessing what your shredding bill will be, others charge by time or by the pound and require minimum charges. ShredCorp’s budget-friendly pricing model is based on a per container charge; i.e. $/box or $/cabinet fee No Touch Document Shredding Process Other shredding companies feed your confidential documents by hand, which injects a security concern into their process.ShredCorp removes your documents from the facility in an enclosed locked shredding cart that is hydraulically lifted inside the shredding chamber, then dumped into a hopper to automatically feed the shredder. Prompt Service ShredCorp understands that once a customer has determined that documents need to be destroyed, they want this destruction to be completed in a timely manner. Free Analysis ShredCorp will provide a free analysis of a potential or existing customer’s document destruction needs. A follow up analysis will be offered after a 90 – 120 day period to determine if the scheduled service requires modification. Contact ​Please submit the form below to receive an estimate and you will be contacted within twenty-four (24) hours. For immediate service please call our toll free number (866) 892-3352. 31751 Sherman Ave. Madison Heights, MI 48071 +1 248-577-0928 https://www.shredcorp.com Name Company Email Phone Service Type Document Shredding Purge Regular Scheduled Document Shredding Paper Recycling Data/Product Destruction File Storage Other Zip Message Send Professionally shredding documents throughout Michigan.Professionalism and Customer Service is our TOP PRIORITY! Main Pages Home Our Services About Us Why Shred? Contact Us Home Our Services About Us Why Shred? Contact Us Services Shredding Services Purge/File Box Clean Out Custom Paper Recycling Programs Scheduled Locked Container Service Media Destruction Records Storage Document Scanning Shredding Services Purge/File Box Clean Out Custom Paper Recycling Programs Scheduled Locked Container Service Media Destruction Records Storage Document Scanning Contact Address:ShredCorp, Inc.31751 Sherman Ave.Madison Heights, MI 48071 (248) 577-0928 Site: shredcorp.com Copyright © 2024 ShredCorp, Inc.