G-CERT | Government Computer Emergency Response Team Home About G-CERT Services & Solutions Publications Resources FAQs Report an Incident Report an Incident Malawi Government CERT The Department of E-Government established the Government Sector Computer Emergency Response Team (GCERT). Tasked with safeguarding the government sector's information infrastructure, GCERT employs state-of-the-art systems to detect, prevent, and respond to cyber threats. Contact Us Security center Warn and educate systems administrators and users about latest information security threats and suggest countermeasures by means of information dissemination Security Guidance Provide guidance to providers of critical information infrastructure to adopt best practices in information security.. Incident Handling Handle security incidents and monitor security problems occurring within public sectors. G-CERT Services & Solutions GCERT provides cybersecurity services to safeguard government information systems. Incident Coordination Determining organizations affected by the detected cyber threat incident. Read More Incident triangle Determining the authenticity of cyber incidents. Read More Incident Resolution Support technical teams to resolve cyber incidents Read More Proactivice activities Carrying out government cybersecurity awareness Read More Operating under the Department of E-Government, the Government Sector Computer Emergency Response Team (GCERT) is responsible for detecting, preventing, and responding to cyber threats targeting the government sector's information infrastructure Raising awareness about cybersecurity within e-government is crucial. It empowers individuals and organizations to recognize threats, adopt best practices, and contribute to a secure digital environment, crucial for safeguarding national interests and government operations' integrity Sing up for newsletter Subscribe to the newsletter for all the latest updates Subscribe The Department of E-Government has established the Government Sector Computer Emergency Response Team (GCERT). Tasked with safeguarding the government sector's information infrastructure, GCERT employs state-of-the-art systems to detect, prevent, and respond to cyber threats. Contact Details +265 111 6789 reporting@gcert.gov.mw Department of E-Government Ministry of Information and Digitalization Private Bag 338 Lilongwe 3 Services & Solutions Incident Coordination Incident Resolution Incident Triage Proactive Activities Resources Publications Government Computer Emergency Response Team (G-CERT)