Digvish Hospital - Home Home About Us Consultants Facilities Contact Us digvishhospital@gmail.com 080 26695638, 26695639, 93538 00375 Home About Us Consultants Facilities Contact Us Welcome to Digvish Hospital View Facilities We are Best in Child Care Book Appointment World Class Infrastructure Contact Us Why Digvish Hospital? Healthcare is something that can’t be compromised, can it? Hospitals have a huge role to play in developing the healthcare system of any country because, with a growing population, the healthcare demands too are growing and evolving. Providing the highest standard of care for both, minor and major health issues, hospitals create a safe space for the patients by offering end-to-end clinical, surgical, and diagnostic services. Hospitals have been making healthcare accessible to one and all and Digvish Hospital in Banashankari 1st Stage, Bangalore is one such reliable hospital that is committed to providing expert medical care. Having established a firm presence as a trusted name in Multispeciality Hospitals, it is renowned for offering specialised services and treatments like Diabetes Care, Cardiology, Diabetology, Consultation, etc. About Us Our Facilities 24x7 Emergency Service OBG Master Health Checkup 24 Hours Lab Explore All Facilities Dr. Archana MBBS, DGO ( 13 years experience ) Dr. Manojkumar S MBBS, D.A, Anaesthalist ( 20 Years experience ) Dr. Deepa D.V MBBS, MD ( 13 Years experience ) Dr. Ramesh.R MBBS, M.S, DNB (Neuro Surgeon) ( 25 Years experience )< View All Consultants What about our patiens say about us? Patient's Brother Bangalore I am writing on behalf of my brother who was a patient in Digvish Hospital. I would like to thank you on behalf of my entire family for the help and consideration shown to me in what was a very difficult time. Again, I would like to thank you for the services you provide to patients and their families. Patient's Brother Bangalore I am writing on behalf of my brother who was a patient in Digvish Hospital. I would like to thank you on behalf of my entire family for the help and consideration shown to me in what was a very difficult time. Again, I would like to thank you for the services you provide to patients and their families. Patient's Brother Bangalore I am writing on behalf of my brother who was a patient in Digvish Hospital. I would like to thank you on behalf of my entire family for the help and consideration shown to me in what was a very difficult time. Again, I would like to thank you for the services you provide to patients and their families. Usefull Links Home About Us Consultants Facilities Contact Us Contact Us # 51/3, 11th Gross, BSK Ist Stage, 2nd Block, Ashokanagar (Near Shankarnag, Vidyapeeta Circle), Bengaluru - 560 050. 080 26695638, 26695639, 93538 00375 digvishhospital@gmail.com appointments@digvishhostpital.in admin@digvishhostpital.in measure distance on map © 2022 digvishhospital.in.All Rights Reserved. Designed and Developed by Jhari Advertising Book Appointment!! Date Time