Jeevitam support@jeevitam.com 011-408-49444 Jeevitam. Home Solutions Why Jeevitam About Us Team Testimonial Contact Us WorkSeeker Corporate Partners Work Hire Redefining Livelihoods Jeevitam - India's Livelihood Platform Work Hire Solutions Check Out Our Solutions Jeevitam empowers job seekers, corporations, and partners with tailored solutions in three impactful ways. Choose your solution and drive change today. WorkSeeker Instantly unlock your offer letter! Register here to seize the attention of the ideal employer. Your next opportunity awaits! Corporates Tired of losing out on top talent ? Say goodbye to that problem. Don't miss out on the best talent. Try our method today! Partners Eager to make a positive impact on lives? Join us by registering here and begin your journey of creating meaningful change. Why Jeevitam? Where Livelihood Matters Jeevitam is a user-friendly solution designed to address the intricate challenge of livelihood. It offers a straightforward deployment and operation process. Learn How Jeevitam Works? Looking for job opportunities or seeking to make hires? Jeevitam has got you covered. Our versatile solutions cater to both job seekers and employers, making your job search or recruitment process easy and effective. Try Jeevitam today! Technology In Action Jeevitam is a platform designed to help people who have trouble with technology. It uses advanced IVR technology that supports 21 Indian languages and scalable machine-learning algorithms. Save Time and Cost Jeevitam benefits a wide range of employers, from large corporations to government agencies. Through its rapid profile-matching Jeevitam significantly reduces hiring time and costs by up to 60%. Jeevitam simplifies livelihood challenges. It's easy-to-understand, deploy, and operate, sustaining thousands and becoming the preferred hiring platform nationwide. WorkSeekers Corporates Eco Systems Anushree WorkSeeker & Part of Jeevitam Livelihood I would like to thank Jeevitam for giving me an oppurtunity to be a part of the job fair. Akshay Kumar WorkSeeker & Part of Jeevitam Livelihood It was a great experience to attend the job fair conducted by Jeevitam. Chithra shree WorkSeeker Incredible Job fair by Jeevitam with Excellent opportunities for all. Siva Kumar WorkSeeker It was a really good experience to get touch in with Jeevitam. They work very professionally & have always valued their clients. They arrange interviews with Good companies according to your qualifications. And always ready to help and motivate towards the interview. Very much value for money. Best in the business.👌👌👌👌👌 Priya WorkSeeker All I need to register...And I keep getting offers and I can choose on my own... Team Our Hardworking Team Sridhar Seshadri Chief Executive Officer Munish Chawla Chief Happiness Officer Vikas Jain Chief Operational Officer Muralidharan R Board Mentor Contact Contact Us Delhi Jeevitam, @ Innov8, 3rd Floor,44, RegalBuilding, Connaught Place, New Delhi - 110001 Bengaluru Comfort Work,48/2,2nd Floor, KC Das,Church Street,Saint Marks Road Bengaluru, Karnataka 560001,India Chennai Workflows by oyo, GREETA TOWERS, 99, Rajiv Gandhi Salai, Industrial Estate, Perungudi, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 600096 Email Us support@jeevitam.com Call Us 011-408-49444 LinkedIn Jeevitam Jeevitam. Delhi Jeevitam, @ Innov8, 3rd Floor,44, RegalBuilding, Connaught Place, New Delhi - 110001 Phone:011-408-49444 Email: support@jeevitam.com Useful Links Home About us Solutions Terms of service Privacy policy Our Services Workseeker Corporate Partners Performance Marketing Our Social Networks Follow us on LinkedIn