Workshop in Dos Hermanas |Car Mini - Carmini workshops Avda. Spain, 150 955 684 657 674 148 728 Follow us on facebook start In electronic cars systems confidence that you are looking for hundreds of satisfied customersWe are supported by locksmith and electronic MINI car is a workshop in two sisters with extensive experience in the integral reparation of your car. From 2012 we offer our services as a cars workshop of two sisters.During all these years our professionals, highly qualified in the sector and with extensive experience, offer a comprehensive car service. Car Mini is the ideal workshop to put your car.+ 0 years of experience + 950 vehicles repaired 91 %satisfied customers 91 %Comprehensive review.We are specialists in pre-IDV reviews.We work with the best brands and the latest technology in the sector. Our services in Car Mini workshops We are experts in automobile repairs, being specialized in electronics, centralitas and locksmith.In addition, our general mechanics service covers all aspects that guarantee the proper functioning of your vehicle. Automobile carriers Repair of wrench states of full -car keys, replacing any defective or damaged part and guaranteeing its perfect functionality.Duplicate of Keys MAKES Copy car key from the original delivering a housing included.Cloning is done in two areas: mechanical and electronic.Loss of key in losing the key of the car will be necessary to carry the car to our workshop with the documentation.We generate the code and mechanical carving of the key.Once the car is opened electronically with the car switchboard.Repair of locks and loves The wreature of keys consists of a technique where a key is given to be a key so that it can open various doors, despite the fact that their locks have various combinations.Electronic Reading of the Pinen Code The case of loss of keys we have the technology to obtain the Pin Code of the car without taking it to the official concessionaire, with the consequent money savings.Cloning and reprogramming of operating centralites in electronic or comfort systems are resolved by reprogramming BSI or ECU centrals.In addition, we can clone switches in case of accidents or accidents.Airbagcaso Salto repair of the airbag system In an accident, the switchboard responsible for its control failure control or repair is reactivated.BSI repair or conforesting switchboard any notice of malfunction of car comfort elements (windows, air conditioning, lights, etc.) We repair the BSI switchboard, responsible for the management of said systems.Cloning of controls of controls we will be found in any fault related to the instrument frame such as lack of lighting, counting or fuel marker without working by cloning the information from an equivalent control table. Mechanical rapid oil and filtersAddress Rodes Pastels and FrenoBateria Discs Air Conditions Paddion of Plugs DiagnosisAvda.From Spain, 150s sisters, Seville hours from Monday to Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. and from 4:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.How to get in contact with us the following form with your data and we will contact you as soon as possible.Your name your email Subject Your message (Optional) Call now 955 684 657 Send Message 674 148 728 Send email info@tallerescarmini.com initial controversy without legal compromise © 2023 Carmini Workshops.All rights reserved.Site developed by Basedero® × Hello!