Roofing Templeton CA – #1 Roofing Company in SLO County Toggle Navigation Home Services About Us Contact Us (805) 215-4446 Roof Installation and Repairs, Deck Installation and Repair, Structural Damage Repairs and More Get an Estimate Our Mission One Stop Construction is a family owned business that strives to provide Central Coast residents with professional roofing, construction, and plumbing services. We provide our customers the best workmanship possible each and every day, while maintaining a professional attitude, clean worksite, and safe working conditions for both the customer and those performing the duties at the job site. Serving SLO County We are a licensed and insured roofing and construction company serving all of San Luis Obispo County. From roof installation and repairs, deck installation and repair, structural damage repairs, termite damage dry rot, fascia board removal and repair, exterior painting, fire, water and mold restoration and paver installation. Serving the Central Coast since 2001 Licensed & Insured B-1 CSL # 791812, C-36 CSL 1022417 Customer Satisfaction is Our #1 Priority Locally Owned and Operated Over 20 Years of Professional Roofing Contractor Experience Why Choose Us? From our inception over a decade ago, our focus has been the customer first. We are experienced guides that make your residential, commercial, or roofing, construction, or plumbing project an professional and affordable experience. Ready for a free estimate? Call us today! Please say hello! We can't wait to help you improve your home. Proudly serving all of SLO County: Paso Robles, Atascadero, Templeton, San Luis Obispo, Morro Bay, Los Osos and Cayucos Facebook Twitter Google-plus Contact Us (805) 215-4446 One Stop Construction Roofing Company https://roof805.com Hours We are open: Monday – Friday 8am – 5pm (805) 215-4446 Trusted Since 2001 Locations We Serve All of SLO County Arroyo Grande Atascadero Cayucos Grover Beach Los Osos Morro Bay Paso Robles Pismo Beach San Luis Obispo Templeton Nipomo Santa Maria Get in Touch! About Us Services Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Find us on Google+ Instagram Website by Simple Tree Digital