Accountants & Tax Agents in Liverpool NSW - KBSG Business Services We plan to make you wealthy Search Level 2, 240 George St Liverpool info@kbsgservices.com.au (02) 9821 3155 Search Home About Our Values History Philosophy Approach Why Choose Us Specialties Outcomes Our Offer Careers How We Work Services Accounting & Financial Business Advisory Tax Compliance Real Estate Investments Loan Negotiations Self-Managed Super Funds Team Clients Insights Newsletters Articles Videos Resources Links Support Contact A clearer tomorrow for your business Thinking about tomorrow? Contact us Personalised business advice Advice that is tailored to your situation Find out more More than just tax advice Want the best advice on all your business and financial needs? Find out more Contact us today for a free initial consultation! Contact Us 0+Years in Business 0+Clients0+Years combined experience0%Satisfaction Family Business Solutions KBSG Business Services or KBSG as we are known to our clients, act exclusively for private, family businesses, their owners, and their families. Due to this focus and the size of our business, we know the issues that matter and the business conditions our clients are facing. Accounting & Financial Whether you are a small or large established business, or a new start up business, you need the right time saving tools to manage your business.Read More » Business Advisory KBSG is dedicated to understanding your business and assisting you with the right advice, strategies and direction to help grow your business.Read More » Tax Compliance If you are a business owner, or just an individual taxpayer, you need a tax professional to navigate through the tax minefields, to ensure you pay the least amount of tax required for your circumstances.Read More » Real Estate Investments How we can assist you with your current commercial property investment, or if you are looking to acquire or dispose of a commercial property investment.Read More » Loan Negotiations Thinking of a new business or investment loan?Read More » Self-Managed Super Funds Here at KBSG we have a dedicated team to help you through every process of owning your own self managed superannuation fund.Read More » We’re One of the Top Accounting Firms in Liverpool, NSW A dedicated boutique accounting firm serving clients from all over Sydney, and regions for more than 30 years with countless business experience dealing with clients affairs. With KBSG Business Services, we treat our clients’ business as our own business. Because of this, we are able to come up with effective and innovative solutions for your business. Our Methods Listen to clients Understand their position in a deeper sense Plan, develop, and deliver tailor-made solutions TestimonialsKBSG Business Services and John have been our accountants for almost 30 years now. It would be true to say that my family would have been one of John’s first clients when he began on his own. This is all thanks to his father a Market gardener, who after delivering strawberries to our fruit market introduced us to his son. In all the years dealing with John Karasmanis he has been the most honest, trustworthy and beneficial accountant to our family. It is with his knowledge and encouragement that has helped our family achieve the wealth we have today. He always says…. “I’m speaking to you as a brother…” when advising us of potential investments… which to us really means if it’s not good enough for John, then it’s not good enough for his clients. Thank you, John and the team for the past 30 years, with many more years to come!Gauci FamilyMinchinbury Fruit MarketMultigate Medical Products have been advised by KBSG for over twenty years now. In that time KBSG have been a critical partner helping us to chart a path of consistent strong business and financial growth. During that partnership the KBSG team has proved to be extremely competent in the advice they give in the areas of accounting, tax, investment and strategy. They are approachable, trustworthy and always have our interests at heart. They are great problem solvers and every team member has a fantastic can-do attitude and positive outlook making KBSG a pleasure to deal with.Peter ChangChairman - Multigate Medical ProductsKBSG has provided us with the advice and guidance to setup and grow our business. They understand the need for putting good accounting systems in place and using the latest technologies to streamline processes by adopting technologies and cloud based applications that continue to allow us to grow, whilst limiting overheads. We continue to be appreciative of John and the Team at KBSG for their continuing valuable and up to date professional advice and exceptional service.George KarasmanisManaging Director - Push or PullIt is with great pleasure that we take the opportunity to provide a testimonial for KBSG Business Services. Over the past 20 years KBSG have provided our business with excellent up to date professional accounting advice as well as investment services and specialist tax advice. The staff continues to impress us by their friendly, courteous and reliable service. They are always helpful and respectful. Their attention to detail in every aspect is exceptional. John made significant improvements with our personal and business position by restructuring and correcting errors which had been made by our previous accountants. John achieved dramatic improvements, beyond our expectations, in our financial position. We thank you John and the Team at KBSG for your continuing valuable and up to date professional advice and exceptional service.Dr. Peter Hammill and Mrs. Zdenka HammillOn behalf of Colliers International, I wish to say thank you to John for the diligent and professional commercial real estate investment advisory services which your firm has been providing to our mutual clients in the last 15 years. John, you and I have been working collaboratively in both investment and divestment of commercial real estate and strategies to accelerate success for your clients. John, working with you is always overwhelmingly positive. Specifically, you always fulfil all your client needs and have a great vision for achieving their goals. You offer unbeatable service and attention to detail, and the benefits that only personal experience can bring. Furthermore, you are always easy to get in touch for any urgent complex negotiations of which were actioned swiftly, if not immediately. The overall experience has been extremely easy and we at Colliers are very impressed with your work ethics. I look forward to collaborating with John and his team on future commercial property transactions. I would not hesitate in recommending John and KBSG to any future clients within our national network.Harry BuiNational Director ColliersI remember meeting John 24 years ago, today 24 years later I am still a client and a friend of the KBSG Group, I can sum up KBSG in many ways, however one action I have taken in my career that will sum it up is that my wife and I have agreed that if I should sadly move on from this world, that we will have John be in charge of our financial affairs and guide my wife and three beautiful boys, that’s how much trust we have in John. With my business, John brings the best out in you with his solid understanding of business matters and common sense advice. I would not be anywhere near where I am today if it wasn’t for the business advice and the guidance that John and the KBSG Group provide. Thank you John and KBSGRobert AlhaManaging Director - Foo DevelopmentsIn these days were being ”impersonal” seems to be the norm, it is refreshing that there are firms, and people, that still maintain the ethics of what we all previously took for granted. John, and his team, provide such a service and support it with extensive and an in depth knowledge of their profession which allows you to feel confident in your reliance on their advice.Van DimitriPalais ApartmentsJohn and his team at KBSG are the first accountants who took a genuine interest in the success of our business affairs. In fact John and David helped us start up our current car sales business. They helped us put together a business plan and prepared a detailed business performance forecast, which was used to acquire the finance that kicked off our business. If it wasn’t for them we may not have gotten our current business up and running. They even assisted us with staff recruitment and employee sponsorships. As the business has grown KBSG have also helped us adopt new technologies to manage our business processes. The teams at KBSG are extremely helpful and very knowledgeable. We would highly recommend KBSG to anyone looking for a great accountancy firm.Richard & Carmen TanSydney Best CarsI have used KBSG Business Services (KBSG) as my accountants over the last four years, and have been fortunate enough to have had John & David looking after our financial affairs and tax matters. John & David are supportive, efficient and experienced allowing our business to focus on what we do best, secure in the knowledge we have their support and guidance every step of the way.Craig M.Piperight ServicesIn our business and personal financials it is an absolute priority that we have an accountant with strong and honest accounting ethics. Someone who takes the time to understand who we are and where we want to go and that with their solid experience they can guide and advise us along the way. Someone that is professional yet approachable and most importantly someone whom we TRUST. We have extreme confidence in saying that with John, David and their team at KBSG our priorities are well looked after. We have no hesitation in highly recommending their experienced services.Bill & Ninna BarattoBaratto ConstructionsAir Technics is a small commercial contracting company which has been servicing south-west Sydney area for over 25 years. We are very fortunate to have a very trusting professional business relationship with the KBSG group, John Karasmanis, family and employees. John has greatly assisted Air Technics within small accounting matters up to Tax Office auditing representation. We are now using the cloud accounting package with guidance from KBSG. We strongly recommend the professional and caring services offered by KBSG. We thank the KBSG group for all their efforts and guidanceMichael WattersAir Technics Air Conditioning ServicesKBSG has been assisting our restaurant business, Twelve Spices Restaurant and as well as our family for more than 10 years. We find the firm to be of the highest quality in terms of their service and advice in the areas of accounting, tax, investment and strategic advice. They are meticulous in their execution of their tasks. The principals and staffs are friendly and approachable. I have no hesitation in recommending KBSG.Salie Chen12 Spices Restaurant, Canley HeightsDear John and everyone at KBSG, thank you so much for looking after our small business. Not only did you take your time to set up our practice, provides invaluable accounting and tax services throughout the year but you went above and beyond to help and educate us with our other financial matters (which we always grateful for). Your genuine interest in our business and family has made us feel very welcome and you never hesitate to offer your guidance and advice. We would not hesitate in recommending John and KBSG team to all our family and friends.Dr. Ming Yoong and Mrs. Eileen KwongJohn and the KBSG team have managed our financial affairs for over 25 years. They have helped us understand and manage the growth of our business, investments and superannuation investments from the beginning.Stephen ChenseeInvestorI take this opportunity to Thank KBSG Business Services (KBSG) for bring friendly, professional and responsive accounting and business advisors. The Principal, John Karasmanis has become more than an advisor, but also a friend who is generous with his time. John has been willing to provide me his considered opinion and constructive advice on business and property matters with the same attention that he would devote to his own affairs. John and all the staff at KBSG, your exceptional service is appreciatedTheo PoulosTheo Poulos Investment GroupWe have utilised John Karasmanis and his Team for the past 25 plus years. Our association with John Karasmanis began whilst he was a small operation and we have watched his Business Group grow into a much larger operation. We still receive the same friendly and professional service that we always haveCarl & Elaine Capogreco Latest News 03Jan03/01/2024 Give yourself a super gift this Christmas Newsletter - December 2023 Inside this Issue Give yourself a super gift this Christmas Lost or destroyed tax records? Don't... read more 03Jan03/01/2024 Who can I nominate as my super beneficiary? Newsletter - November 2023 Inside this Issue Who can I nominate as my super beneficiary? Who is a resident for... read more 03Jan03/01/2024 How to reduce your income tax bill using superannuation Newsletter - October 2023 Inside this Issue How to reduce your income tax bill using superannuation Changes to unfair contract... read more 03Jan03/01/2024 Thought of registering a trademark for your new business? Newsletter - September 2023 Inside this Issue Thought of registering a trademark for your new business? Self-education: when is it... read more Find out how KBSG can help grow your business. Get started today Location KBSG Business Services Level 2, 240 George St Liverpool, NSW Phone Looking for better business advice? Contact us to get a free consultation and discuss your needs with experts. (02) 9821 3155 Opening Hours Mon-Fri 8.30 am to 5:30 pm Follow Us Facebook Twitter © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy & Disclaimer Website by Star Config Home About Our Values History Philosophy Approach Why Choose Us Specialties Outcomes Our Offer Careers How We Work Services Accounting & Financial Business Advisory Tax Compliance Real Estate Investments Loan Negotiations Self-Managed Super Funds Team Clients Insights Newsletters Articles Videos Resources Links Support Contact Call Now Button CONTACT US 221, Mount Olimpus, Rheasilvia, Mars, Solar System, Milky Way Galaxy +1 (999) 999-99-99 PGlmcmFtZSBzcmM9Imh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmdvb2dsZS5jb20vbWFwcy9lbWJlZD9wYj0hMW0xOCExbTEyITFtMyExZDYwNDQuMjc1NjM3NDU2ODA1ITJkLTczLjk4MzQ2MzY4MzI1MjA0ITNkNDAuNzU4OTkzNDExNDc4NTMhMm0zITFmMCEyZjAhM2YwITNtMiExaTEwMjQhMmk3NjghNGYxMy4xITNtMyExbTIhMXMweDAlM0EweDU1MTk0ZWM1YTFhZTA3MmUhMnNUaW1lcytTcXVhcmUhNWUwITNtMiExc2VuITJzITR2MTM5MjkwMTMxODQ2MSIgd2lkdGg9IjEwMCUiIGhlaWdodD0iMTAwJSIgZnJhbWVib3JkZXI9IjAiIHN0eWxlPSJib3JkZXI6MCI+PC9pZnJhbWU+ × Thank You. We will contact you as soon as possible. Send Message Live Support Need to join a remote support session or an online meeting? Click below to get started in seconds. Just download and double click to launch. After downloading and installing this software, you will have your first session up and running within seconds. ×