Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. welcomes you to the official website of Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd.!Set as Homepage Add to Favorites Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. Bearing Industry Comprehensive Supplier Service Hotline: 󰂢153 9902 0380 Consultation Hotline: 󰇯029-8862 7733 Homepage Homepage Brand Display Product Classification Solution Support Model Inquiry NewsXi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. is a professional bearing sales company.Main business: German FAG Bearing, US Timken Bearing, Japan NSK Bearing, Japan IKO Bearing, Wafangdian ZWZ Bearing, Harbin HRB Bearing, Straight Bearing, Pingt -end Articular Bearing, Rolling Sweet Bar, Oil Containing Bearing, British Bearing.The products of Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. are mainly used in steel metallurgy, mines, electricity, chemical, medical, automated equipment, CNC machine tools, packaging, printing, pharmaceuticals, food, woodworking, plastic windows, textiles, tobacco and other machinery industries.The company advocates a "professional, pragmatic, efficient, and innovative" corporate spirit, and has a good internal mechanism.The excellent working environment and a good incentive mechanism have attracted a group of high -quality, high -level, and efficient talents.With comprehensive technology research and development power and mature after -sales service team.The purpose of Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. is: "Use service and sincerity in exchange for your trust and support, mutual benefit, and creating a win -win situation!" Our company is willing to cooperate with colleagues from all walks of life at home and abroad to create the future!Brands Show brand display FAG bearings SKF bearing NSK bearing Timken bearing NTN bearing IKO bearing Koyo bearing FYH bearings THK bearing NACHI bearing zwz bearing products Catelog product classification deep grooves bearing heart ball bearing angle contact ball contact ball Bearing cylindrical roller bearing cone rollerSub -bearing pushing the ball bearing bearing the heart Rolling bearing outer spherical roller bearing roller bearing needle bearing bearing bearing bearing bearing bearing bearing micro -bearing microphone hub bearing pushing angle contact ball bearings thrust roller bearIndustrial Energy Railway Medical Care Gear Transmission Device Mine Automobile and Heavy Card -type Card Agricultural Power Generation Metallurgical Aerospace Railway Industrial SERVICE & Support that supports all agent brands as internationally renowned brands, and all brands enjoy high honors internationally, manufacturersWealth ... R & D guarantees our research and development (R & D), global capabilities and professional knowledge are applied globally, we conduct test at the same time. Optimization ... System guarantee has a set of from advanced, selling, deposit, and financial management toRigorous statistical analysis and decision -making, modernization from services to network management ......... Spot guarantee Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. has a large warehouse covering an area of 2,000 square meters, collecting eight major in NSK, INA, FAG ..... Logistics guarantee Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. is located in Xi'an, which has developed transportation, developed well, convenient and fast delivery; the delivery rate on time is high .... Technical guarantee can provide technical support within 24 hours. At the same time, it can help customers help customers.Design selection, fundamentally solve the difficult question of customer selection ... All rights reserved: Xi'an Qihao Bearing Co., Ltd. Shaanxi ICP No. 17020567-1 Friendship Support: Middle shaft network (this site is based on CSS3+HTML5You use a high version of the browser to achieve good browsing effect!)17:30 WeChat sweep: