Cranes Manufacturers, Suppliers, Dealers, Exporters, In India +91 98888 00492 sales@asiancranes.com Home About Us Equipments Overhead / EOT Cranes Gantry / Goliath Crane Jib Crane Electric Wire Rope Hoist Application By Industry Steel Plants Paper Industry Power Plants Manufacturing Industry Heavy Industry Automotive Industry Warehouse Industry Services Contact Us Get in Touch With Us Get in Touch With Us Download Broucher Get in Touch With Us Download Broucher Get in Touch With Us Download Broucher Get in Touch With Us Download Broucher Prev Next Application Application By Industry Steel Plants ASIAN-CRANES designs has been proven time to time again in steel-making... Paper Industry The Paper Industry requires a range of lifting solutions from maintenance... Power Plants Power Plants require lifting solutions that are reliable, work over a ... Manufacturing Industry Industrial Cranes are the instruments used in manufacturing or maintenance applications ... Heavy Industry ASIAN-CRANES designs has been proven time to time again in steel-making... Automotive Industry Automotive Industry designs has been proven time to time again in steel-making... Our lifting solutions for Steel Plants include: Ladle Handling / Teeming Cranes Scrap Handling / Charging Cranes Billet Handling Cranes Plate / Coil Handling Cranes Rolling Mill Cranes Ladle Transfer Trolleys 4 Decades of Lifting Experience More than 4000+ cranes installed worldwide since 1980. Know More 4000 + 4000+ Installations 20 + 20+ International Exporting Countries Design Optimisation Safe efficient & longer life of Cranes Strong Technical support & service network Equipments Overhead / EOT Cranes Overhead cranes or EOT Cranes are also called bridge cranes, are cranes with a hoist traveling along the bridge between parallel runways... Gantry / Goliath Cranes Asian Cranes specializes in robust Goliath cranes, widely used in demanding industries. These powerful lifting solutions have parallel legs... Jib Crane Asian Cranes specializes in versatile jib cranes designed to meet precise lifting needs. These cranes feature a rotating horizontal arm on... Electric Wire Rope Hoist Asian Cranes offers a wide range of powerful and robust wire rope hoists designed to efficiently lift loads up to 15 tons. Our hoists are equipped... Ladle Handling/Teeming Cranes Asian Cranes offers ladle handling cranes that safely and precisely move molten materials. Our robustly constructed cranes endure extreme... Scrap Handling/Charging Cranes A scrap handling crane efficiently transports scrap metal from yards to melt shops using lifting magnets or hydraulic grabs. Our Heavy Duty... Why Us Why Asian Cranes? Consistency In Performance Utilizing our expertise & capabilities to serve you By choosing Asian Cranes, enhance your productivity with our reliable & high performance cranes Read More Beyond Results. Experience you need. Results you want. Get in Touch With Us Download Broucher Client Testimonials What people say about us To encompass every aspect of your brand management from creation We are using 50/15 Ton, 15 Ton & 10 to EOT Cranes of Asian Cranes since several years. We are convinced with reliability and performance of Cranes. They have great experience in Steel Cranes & have understanding in the process. Dolphin Steel Nigeria We are using EOT Cranes make Asian Cranes of different capacity, 80/25 Ton, 15/5 Ton & 10 Ton in Steel Melting Shop. We are satisfied with the working of the cranes, quality and after sale service of the company and product. Bhawani Ind. Punjab We are using 50/15 Ton, 15 Ton & 10 to EOT Cranes of Asian Cranes since several years. We are convinced with reliability and performance of Cranes. They have great experience in Steel Cranes & have understanding in the process. Dolphin Steel Nigeria We are using EOT Cranes make Asian Cranes of different capacity, 80/25 Ton, 15/5 Ton & 10 Ton in Steel Melting Shop. We are satisfied with the working of the cranes, quality and after sale service of the company and product. Bhawani Ind. Punjab Are you looking for the best Services ? Let us provide the support you deserve. Get in Touch With Us Download Broucher Asian Cranes, founded in 1980, is India's leading crane manufacturer, renowned for its premium and reliable crane solutions. With 42 years of experience, we have expanded our operations to cover an impressive 200,000 sq. ft. Useful Links Home About Us Equipments Application By Industry Services Contact Us Core Links Steel Plants Paper Industry Power Plants Manufacturing Industry Heavy Industry Contact Information Give yourself the power of responsibility. Remind yourself the only thing stopping you is yourself. Opposite Arora Cinema, Gill Road,Ludhiana-141003 Punjab (India) +91-161-2491053-54, 2499756, 2501144 sales@asiancranes.com © Copyright Asian Cranes All Rights Reserved Home/ About Us / Contact Us