Skip to content Home About Contact us Our Services TRACK SHIPMENTTRACK SHIPMENT Home About Contact us Our Services Track Shipment Main Menu MENU Home About Contact us Our Services Track Shipment Welcome to Global Fast Mover Your Number One Courier Service Track your shipment Book a Shipment Who We Are GLOBALFASTMOVER is one of the best logistic service provider that helps online merchants to grow their business by effortlessly shipping the products to the doorsteps at a best possible prices with the help of courier service providers. Simplify your order management and ship anywhere in the world using the best discounted rates. We have a secure system that does order tracking facility at your ease Email Us Today info@globalfastmover.com Delivering Inovation At Global Fast Mover, we move innovation forward. Whether designing and executing world-class logistics processes or providing emergency logistical support for key industries, we’ve built our reputation on almost a decade of flawless supply chain logistics execution. Start a conversation Our Services 01. Air Freight We are leading air freight service provider with high performance standards and the flexibility to meet your changing needs. 02. Sea Freight One of the biggest shipping companies around, our container ships and bulk carriers are seen in ports all over the world. 03. Cargo Express The road freight service from our company offers direct full and part-load trailers with an option of picking your goods from single or multiple locations. 04. Rail Transport We offer speeds much faster than Sea Freight whilst being considerably cheaper than Air Freight, Rail Freight is now a competitive way of importing goods to the United States from many different locations overseas. Our Company Promise “ As a contractor we promise to take care of all supply chain management, to make your shipments travel safe, fast and on time. What Our Clients Say The transaction I had with Global Fast Mover is fantastic. This company has a good logistic and supply chain management making it possible in meeting with every customer's demand on time. Duncan Gray​ They deal with transportation of goods all across the world. The one best thing about it is it has a good logistic and supply chain management making it possible in meeting with every customer's demand on time. Susan Weber For about three years of use and still satisfied. For me the best international transport and logistics company. Speed ​​and efficiency Sam Laurence Ready to see how we can help keep your business moving? Start a Conversation Packages Delivered + Satisfied Clients + Years in Business Delivering Peace of Mind Since our founding some years ago, the content of the packages we deliver has changed quite a bit. But one thing remains the same—how we earn your trust. For nearly half a century, we’ve built a reputation as the most trusted specialty logistics company in the world through our unsurpassed knowledge, global reach and flawless supply chain execution.Our sophisticated systems, neatly designed logistic process, state of the art logistic tools and equipment, most advanced carriers, custom tailored services, and dedication to keep the costs low for end users, help us to provide logistic solution that aligns well with our clients’ requirements. We welcome you to our site, and request you to consult with our logistic experts for your logistic needs, and rest assured of getting done.We have years of experience in the business of logistics, warehousing, distribution, trucking and supply chain management services, and aim to provide our clients with convenience, reliability and affordability through our premium logistic services. OUR COMPANY About us OUR SERVICES GET IN TOUCH OUR SERVICES AIR FREIGHT SEA FREIGHT CARGO EXPRESS Search Agile Carry © 2023 All Rights Reserved Scroll to Top Open chat Powered by Joinchat Hello 👋Can we help you?