The Silver Hills School 8602456620, 9425788935 HOME ABOUT US About School Message Desk ACADEMICS Syllabus Exam Timetable Exam Results FACILITIES DOWNLOAD Registration Form Admission Form T.C. Form GALLERY CONTACT US ADMISSION 1 / 7 ❮ ❯ Hurawali Branch DD Nagar Branch NEWS & EVENTS 1. Hello This is Testing 2. School closures caused by Corona virus (Covid-19) finish TODAY THOUGHT Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world OUR VISION The Vision of the "The Silver Hills School" is to Prepare our student of urban as well as Rural india for rapidly changing World by equiping them wih critical thinking skills in global porspective, core value of honesty loyality and campassion. OUR MISSION In order to Meet the needs of our diverse student population. The Silver Hills School Strives to attain high academic achievement and personal growth . we spark an Attitude of inquiry and enthusiam to become life-long learners by developing intellectual curiosity a thirst for discovery, achievement. These all will be accompolised through continued co-operation among school, community, Parents and student. OUR FACILITIES Painting Learning If you plan to use a painting as the focus for a class project, learning to 'read' a painting is a good place to start. There are certain techniques that can help your class look at, and engage with a painting. Smart Classes Keeping in Mind, the All round Development of the Students, our Smart School Products provides the best eco- friendly Environment. We Help to Provide required DVDs with fully Animated Approved content. Sketching ABILITY to draw easily and well on the blackboard is a power which every teacher of children covets. Such drawing is a language which never fails to hold attention and awaken delighted interest. Bus Services Students who are residents of the city and who meet the following criteria, will be considered eligible for regular school bus transportation to and from the school which has been designated by the Superintendent of Schools to serve their residence. Sports Sports help Students to have a constructive use of their time. Usually students waste their time in playing games on Computer which makes them Lazy whereas Playing Sports makes their bones Strong and is also very good in utilizing Spare time. Music Music washes away from the soul, the dust of everyday life and inspires one to live a lofty life. There is absolute tranquility and harmony, when the magical notes of music enters one’s heart. Such experiences are beyond words and can only be experienced. OUR GALLARY PARENT'S REVIEWS Vinod Yadav "I am very happy with all my children's progress. The school are very supportive with any of my concerns." Asha Soni "The school is very good. The staff are friendly and treat the children like their own. The teaching standard is high. My daughter has improved her reading and writing skills." Hurawali Branch C Block - Hurawali Morar, Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh - 474006 +91 8602456620, 9425788935 info@thesilverhillsschools.com D.D. Nagar Branch AH-32, (8-HIG), DD Nagar, Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh - 474005 +91 8602456620, 0751-2471700 info@thesilverhillsschools.com Social Support Copyright © All rights reserved Designed & Developed by Onisol Systems