AL Nawaz Frozen Food info@alnawazfrozenfood.com +91-9137501139 Home Vegetarian Foods Frozen Vegetables Fruit Pulp Frozen Fruits Sweet Corn Dryfruits Pulses Lentils Non-Vegetarian Foods Chicken Mutton Fish Buffalo Gallery About Us Infrastructure Certificates Contact Welcome to AL Nawaz Frozen Food Get our new and delicious range of Freshly Frozen Incredibly Tasty Amazingly Quick Get your tasty Frozen Snacks here Get Most Tasty Frozen Food For Breakfast Look at Frozen Snacks in a whole new way - Get nutrition, taste and variety all in one go! Lunch Chef Style Food, get with easy steps - to turn every novice into a master chef! Dinner One Gravy, Many Dishes. Make a variety of delicious dishes About Us The perfect the life and food. At AL Nawaz Frozen Food, we want to bring the excitement of cooking back into the Indian Kitchen by bringing you the choicest ingredients. And this time we’ve brought you the world’s favourite frozen food. We have been serving our prawns to the most discerning customers. So go get yourself a pack of AL Nawaz Frozen Food today. Read More Vegetarian Frozen Foods Frozen Vegetables Fruit Pulp Frozen Fruits Sweet Corn Dryfruits Pulses Lentils Non-Vegetarian Frozen Foods Chicken Mutton Fish Buffalo How Freezing Works Peep into your freezer & you'll realize that it is a storehouse for everything you want to preserve - the fresh green peas from the winters, the masalas your mother sent or those special dry fruits you picked up. Isn't it interesting how you can preserve both taste & nutrition with such a simple act! So how does it actually work? Freezing is nature’s pause button that keeps food safe and healthy. It does this by preventing micro-organisms from growing and by slowing enzyme activity that causes food to spoil. Ever questioned why frozen food tends to have a long shelf life? Well, it is the freezing that locks in the goodness of any food we consume hence extending it's life naturally when stored in the right conditions at -18⁰C or below. And that's why we use the power of freezing to bring to you our handcrafted recipes. Using advanced IQF (Individually Quick Frozen) technology and a robust supply chain we preserve all its goodness – taste, texture & nutrition until it reaches you. Enquire Now Order your Frozen Food Now! Submit Thank you for the love in your frozen food! My all family members liked this. Pooja Just fell in love with the Frozen Snacks! Can’t wait to try more Awesome Foods!! Thank you!!! Manish Thank you for your food. My children feel much closer to normal (as they say) now that they can enjoy some of the same things their friends eat. Anjali At AL Nawaz Frozen Food, we want to bring the excitement of cooking back into the Indian Kitchen by bringing you the choicest ingredients. And this time we’ve brought you the world’s favourite frozen food. Contact Info. Surve No. 824, Garib Navaz Manzil Mal Dhakka Road, Near Panvel Railway Station +91-9137501139 +91-9137501139 info@alnawazfrozenfood.com Useful Links Home Gallery About Us Frozen Foods Infrastructure Certificates Contact Us AL Nawaz Frozen Food all Rights Reserved.Designed By kesaritechnology.com SPACETOGEL PUBTOGEL WONTOTO Poolstoto My Blog Bandar Togel Terpercaya Bandar Togel Terpercaya 4D Bandar Togel Terpercaya Live Draw SGP Live Draw Hk Bandar Togel Terpercaya WONTOTO > Bandar Togel Terpercaya