Centre for Advancement Home About Programme Contact Kwara State University Centre for Advancement Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Advancement Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Advancement Get Started About Our Center Mission/Vision Statement The core mandate of the Centre is to shop for high-net-worth individuals and corporations for beneficial relationships with Kwara State University towards enhancing a sustainable learning environment and attainment of high academic ranking. Brief History Of The Center KWASU has over the years grown into a fulcrum of academic excellence, building competencies, and producing TOTAL graduates who are employers of labour and business managers. To compete favourably in the comity of world-class universities, adequate and essential facilities must be provided within the university community at a cost that cannot be left for the proprietor (Kwara State Government) alone as it is practised globally. It is therefore pertinent that KWASU seeks the support/sponsorship of progressive, forward-looking partners and philanthropists to achieve this desire either in the form of endowments or/ partnerships. This Centre was therefore established in 2010 underthe Vice-Chancellor’s Office with Dr. Hauwah K. K. AbdulKareem (nee Kamaluddeen) as the Pioneer Coordinator. Its establishment was a strategic move to seek partnership and resource mobilization in actualizing the University’s vision of being a world-class University Accordingly, the Centre is responsible for planning and coordinating many resource cooperation activities on behalf of the University and its units, serving as an important bridge between the University and partner organizations. Potential sources of support for the Centre are: i. Individual Funding ii. Corporate sponsorship iii. Scholarships iv. Prize awards Our Programmes Director's Welcome Note The Centre for Advancement is a unit established under the Vice Chancellor’s office as part of the University’s overall strategy to strengthen innovative approaches to partnership building and resource mobilization in support of the University’s vision of being a world-class Centre of learning, expanding the frontiers of knowledge as the Green University for Community development and Entrepreneurship. The Centre works with individuals, private foundations, corporate bodies, and philanthropists who share KWASU’s long-term interests to increase the margin of excellence of its educational and Community outreach programmes. Engr. Abdulraman S. Ottan (Ph.D.) Director Programmes The programmes of the Centre include the following: Identify opportunities and develop appropriate methodologies and instruments to mobilize additional resources for the University’s academic and overall development; Identify, cultivate, and solicit philanthropic support by developing and maintaining relationships with corporations, foundations, and individuals, including alumni, faculty, staff, students and parents, and other key personnel; Develop fundraising strategies and methods or activities to ensure proper acknowledgement, recognition, and stewardship of donors; Build working relationships and serve as development liaison to Private sector organizations, Deans, Head of Departments, and other key personnel to achieve successful fundraising; Prospect researching and maintenance of donor database; vi. Sourcing and coordinating scholarships and award prizes for KWASU Students including annual Convocation awards; Achievements/Plans At the assumption of office, a committee was set up to identify and collate essential facilities and strategic projects that are begging for sponsorship/funding and a compendium of the projects was produced. These projects include: a.) Learning Facilities i. Departmental Buildings ii. Faculty Buildings iii. Lecture Halls iv. Twin Lecture Theatre v. E-Learning Centre vi. College of Health Sciences b.) Complementary Facilities i. Energy Villages ii. Mineral Resources Development Centre c.) Infrastructural Facilities i. Students’ Activities Centre ii. Sport Complex iii. Smart City iv. Community Market v. Green Transportation vi. Boulevard shops Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Centre for Advancement, Office of the Vice Chancellor, Kwara State University, Malete. Acting Director Engr., Dr Sikiru Ottan ABDULRAMAN Email: sikiru.abdulraman@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Romawibet Rajavigor Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/