Phronesis | Conferences Organizer | Phronesis Conferences | 2023 | 2024 Home About us Conferences Past Conference Gallery Contact Phronesis-Network-Share-Receive & Grow We aspire to expand the knowledge in science and its discoveries that leads its way to new inventions which structures brilliant benefits and for betterment in human lives. Phronesis-Network-Share-Receive & Grow We aspire to expand the knowledge in science and its discoveries that leads its way to new inventions which structures brilliant benefits and for betterment in human lives. Phronesis-Professional Conferences Organizer Disseminate your research & enlighten your Knowledge Phronesis-Platform of and for the Discovery & Network Connect, Network, Collaborate & Grow Who We Are Phronesis is specialized in organizing scientific conferences, meetings, and workshops internationally, to encourage networking and knowledge sharing, building and strengthening, discussing and demonstrating the technology by scientists, dynamic professors, ardent academicians, intellectual scholars, leaders and research fellows. What we do To be recognized as most pioneering, proficient of high quality scholarly work, and interconnecting the scientific world through its conferences. Connect & collaborate with researchers to access latest discoveries around the world. Mission The mission of Phronesis is to support and represent the interests of young scientists research works globally in all scientific, technical, and scholarly disciplines and it is initiated to organize International conferences to promote discussions and the free exchange of innovative thoughts at the research... Conferences 2023 2022 2021 2019 2nd Cardiology and Cardiovascular Diseases April 20-21, 2023 Paris, France 5th International Conference on Materials Research & Nanotechnology April 20-21 2023, Paris, France International Conference on Surgery & Anesthesia April 20-21 2023, 2022, Paris, France 6th Annual International Conference on Eco-Sustainable Construction Materials April 20-21 2023, Paris, France 2nd International Conference on Applied Science and Engineering November 02-03, 2022, Dubai, UAE International Conference on Life Sciences November 02-03, 2022, Dubai, UAE 3rd World Congress on Nano Science, Nanotechnology & Advanced Materials November 02-03, 2022, Dubai, UAE 3nd Global Congress on Chemistry & Catalysis November 02-03, 2022, Dubai, UAE 6th World Congress on Materials Science and Engineering September 19-20, 2022, Live stream 2nd World Graphene Technology Summit September 19-20, 2022, Live stream 4th World Nanotechnology Summit September 19-20, 2022, Live stream 4th World Congress on Lasers Optics & Photonics September 19-20, 2022, Live stream 2nd Global Meet On Optoelectronics & Quantum Physics September 19-20, 2022, Live stream 3rd International Conference on Chemical Engineering & Catalysis September 19-20, 2022, Live stream 3rd World Biopolymers & Polymer Chemistry Congress September 19-20, 2022, Live stream 2nd International Conference on Chemical Engineering & Catalysis November 16-17, 2021, Live stream 2nd Biopolymers & Polymer Chemistry Congress November 16-17, 2021, Live stream 4th World Congress on Materials Science and Engineering November 16-17, 2021, Live Stream World Graphene Technology Summit November 16-17, 2021, Live Stream 2nd World Nanotechnology Summit November 16-17, 2021, Live Stream 3rd World Congress On Lasers, Optics and Photonics November 16, 2021, Live Stream Global Meet On Optoelectronics & Quantum Physics November 16, 2021, Live Stream 2nd Global Congress on Chemistry & Catalysis March 31- Apr 01, 2021, Live Stream International Conference on Applied Science and Egineering March 31- Apr 01, 2021, Live Stream Global Congress on Aerospace and Aeronautical Engineering March 29, 2021, Live Stream International Congress on Robotics and Artificial Intelligence March 29, 2021, Live Stream International Conference on Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine March 26, 2021, Live stream 3rd International Conference on Materials Research & Nanotechnology March 24-25, 2021, Live Stream World Congress on NanoScience, Nanotechnology & Advanced Materials March 24-25, 2021, Live Stream International Conference on Pharmaceutics and Drug Delivery Systems March 19-20, 2021, Live Stream International Conference on Toxicology And Applied Pharmacology March 19-20, 2021, Live Stream International Conference on Pediatrics & Neonatology March 17-18, 2021, Live Stream 2nd World Congress on Materials Science and Engineering November 12-14, 2019, Las Vegas, USA World Nursing and Healthcare Congress November 12-13, 2019 Las Vegas, USA Global Biopolymers & Polymer Chemistry Congress November 12-13, 2019, Las Vegas, USA International Conference on Chemical Engineering & Catalysis November 12-13, 2019, Las Vegas, USA International Conference on Food, Technology and Nutritional Science September 23-24, 2019 Barcelona, Spain World Congress on Lasers, Optics and Photonics September 23-25, 2019 Barcelona, Spain World Congress on Cardiology and Cardiovascular diseases September 23-24, 2019 Barcelona, Spain Global Chemistry Congress June 10-12, 2019 Rome, Italy International Conference on Materials Research and Nanotechnology June 10-12, 2019 Rome, Italy World Congress on Diabetes and Endocrinology June 10-11, 2019 Rome, Italy 3rd International Conference on Applied Science and Engineering October 23-24, 2023, Bangkok, Thailand 6th World Congress on Nano Science, Nanotechnology and Advanced Materials October 23-24, 2023, Bangkok, Thailand 8th World Congress on Advanced Materials, Materials Science and Engineering October 23-24, 2023, Bankgkok, Thailand Global Congress on Biomedical Engineering October 23-24, 2023, Bankgkok, Thailand Testimonials Many thanks for the wonderful organization of the Worldnano-2021. A well-deserved congratulation to you and your team! Thanks for the certificate of appreciation. I wish to be associated with the Worldnano-2022 in Miami next year. Anis Rahman USA The Summit presentations were very interesting, highly innovative and in several cases quite exceptional. The presentations and topics spanned also societal fore front subjects in high demand these days such as agrisystems, emissions, medical, new materials and offered a deep vision of new physics and algorithms. I am very happy to have attended Worldnano-2021 and will try my best to contribute in future with other applicative studies. KF Kaspareck Italy It was a positive experience to attend the WCLOP-2021 conference in online. Erik Cerven Sweden I was pleased to be part of this great WCLOP-2021 conference. Philip Chidi Njemanze Nigeria First of all I wish to express my special gratitude for the great organization of the iMAT weibar! Milos Janecek Czech Republic Organization is perfect and I am sure everyone enjoy the iNano webinar and would like to contribute to future events. Ideisan Abu-Abdoun UAE It was a pleasure for us to present our results during iGRAPHENE webinar. Anna Ilnicka Poland The organization of this month's Webinar iVET-2021 was superb, well coordinated. All presentations were aptly and robustly delivered.I had a remarkable experience at the iVET 2021 Webinar. Great job to the LOC!!! Adebisi F. Agboola Nigeria Thanks iVET-2021 was a great deal, which was highly remarkable and well organized. Simiat Modupe Ogunbode Nigeria Thanks a lot Cardiology Virtual-2021 was interesting. Lena Maria Nilsson Sweden Participation in iNano webinar was a Great Experience Because My Confidence as a Researcher at The Beginning of the Road Increased Ninciuleanu Claudia Romania Thank you for kindness and polite efforts towards Toxicology Webinar. Zeliha SELAMOGLU Turkey Phronesis is Great Organization. Participation in iNano webinar was an Excellent Experiment for Me as a Young Researcher. Janset Öztemur Turkey Enjoyed the conference which was very well organized. There was good sharing of ideas. Meeting medical professionals from around the world was a definite plus. Gerald Harvey Katzman USA Life is life, and iLASERS webinar activity is also useful in this unpredicted time. Zenkevich Eduard Belarus It was a pleasure to attend the iNano webinar, which i consider a very good and productive platform for confronting ideas and technologies. The webinar and its formula, is in my view an excellent cross educational platform. This scientific or technical segment is ultra-specialised, but it also represents the forefront of sciences, thus i found it very educative and i am full of admiration for all speakers and their R&D advances. KF Kaspareck Italy Thank you for your work in organazing Cardiology webinar. It was instructive especially for my younger collaborators. Sergey Revenko Russia Enjoyed the conference which was very well organized. There was good sharing of ideas. Meeting medical professionals from around the world was a definite plus. Gerald Harvey Katzman USA Biotechnology webinar was very interesting to be equanted with some new information, very fruitfull and interwting as well. Zenkevich Eduard Belarus Thank you for Nice Organization and your Toxicology Webinar. Sevgi DAŞTAN Turkey Thank you for inviting me as speaker. Cardiology Virtual was wonderful experience. Khalida Soomro Pakistan I really enjoyed being a part of this Toxicology virtual meeting. The meeting was very well organized and conducted. Ravi P. Sahu USA Enjoyed the conference which was very well organized. There was good sharing of ideas. Meeting medical professionals from around the world was a definite plus. Gerald Harvey Katzman USA It was a successful conference, topics presented were interesting. Elvessa Narvasa Canada Thank you for all your arrangements - all well organised. Mrs Viola van Vuuren South Africa The conference was amicable. Margaret C. Maimbolwa Zambia Thank you for your organizing the nice conference. Mike Chen USA I thought you and your staff did a very good job. Ira Weinstock Israel I am really very happy to participate in your reputed conference of BPC-2019. Hopefully, I will support for the upcoming conference too. Mohamad Raza Miah China Overall it is satisfactory. Bala Subramaian India Thank you very much I would like to join again 2020 conference at San Francisco. Ram Krishna Gupta USA Attending the Global Biopolymer conference and the visit of USA was a real pleasure for us. It was very fruitful to meet scientists from different countries and to have the posiibility to hear the novelties in biopolymer synthesis, applications and characterization. Mariya Spasova Bulgaria All items during the Optics-2019 conference was at the best level. We are really pleased with the interesting reports, and opportunities to relax and communicate (coffee-breaks and lunches). We are planning to visit Osaka by bigger our team. Anatoly Zatsepin Russian Federation Barcelona Optics conference benefitted from scientifically strong participants and speakers. Daniel Morse USA A well Organized Optics Conference. A.R Ganesan India I am extremely happy for attending the conference. Very renounced speakers deliberated their research findings and all the lectures were useful. And the hospitality was good. In overall the conference was most successful. Ganesan Ravi India Intresting Topics.. Molecular Glasses may have various applications in OLED, Organic laser etc. Random media cause different scattering pattern. This result can be used in interesting sensing applications Jae Hoon Jun South Korea Cardiology was nice meeting with different experiences. Organizers did the job nicely. Ossama Maadarani kuwait Cardiology Conference was really great as well as interesting and informative. Mohammed Yahia Mohammed Ebraheem Egypt Good Design and Great Arrangements of Cardiology Meeting. Osama Abdrab El Rassoul Tolba El Razaky Egypt Very well organized Cardiology Meet. Mohammed A. Takroni Saudi Arabia Conference was very good, Enjoyed. Rome is a great destination. I will try to join again at Osaka Gupta Manoj Singapore It was a really a great event. Nice arragment for stay. Good correlation amongst the memebers of group. I like the whole arrangment Minakshi Sharma India Thank you for your Irresistable Congress, it was wonderful to be a part of it, new findings in the field of medicine which strenghthen novel approaches to managing Diabetes were discussed, they are highly rewarding Shehu Nigeria Conference was well organized and speakers chosen were appropriate in the present technology. Our stay in the conference venue was very beneficial. Logistics arrangements were good U.N. Kempaia India The Chemistry conference was enjoyable and academically profitable. It was pleasure being here and share what I have been doing with my group Sirwan Taha Italy I would be delighted if you invite me in your future conferences also Yvonne Paul South Africa Hereby I confirm that the organization of GCC-2019 is perfect and furthermore the atmosphere of the conference and the stay at the hotel is really awesome. The factors provided for fruitful exchange between the participants and organizers were good. I wish again to join such a congress again Michael Chernyshov Russia GCC-2019 gave us unforgettable impressions. All the best Irina Galkina Russia It was an excellent conference. Well organized and very helpful. I would like to attend it again. Elham Aazam Saudi Arabia ICMRN was interesting and it was organized very well. I wish the organizing committee a new success in future. Vladimir Urbanovich Belarus ICMRN was really excellent. Thank you very much. I wish you further success next year!! Jaroslav Jevz Slovekia Very nice... I really wanted to attend the next meeting and waiting for that to meet all researchers again Sudipto Datta India Good Conference organization Amadou Diao Senegal Conference is well organized. Hospitality and logistics are good. Invited talks and keynotes lectures are nice. Vidya Sagar H.N India Very nice conference. Well organized and with wide scientific scope. Luís Eduardo Pimentel Real Portugal Very nice conference with very interesting scientific contents. Roberto Termine Italy Interesting topics on materials science. Gregory Francius France The Conference was very Imppressive, The advances in the field of Biomaterials and Nanotechnology have been fully discussed. Thank you for your good Organization Jingqing Zhang China ICMRN-2019 is very useful in the field of NanoTechnology. Since I have been worthy in the same field. Ramesha D K India Thanks for organizing the conference. The event was great, the city was great and I enjoyed meeting people in the conference. Pengcheng Jiao China I Would like to thank you and Phronesis for organizing the ICMRN conference. Nurlan Tokmoldin Kazakhstan WHAT PEOPLE SAY & GLIMPSES -- Contact Location: Phronesis, LLC 5 Great Valley Pkwy, STE 235, Malvern PA 19355, USA Email: info@phronesisonline.com Call: +1 302 308 5943 Phronesis Phronesis, LLC 5 Great Valley Pkwy, STE 235 Malvern PA 19355, USA Phone: +1 302 308 5943 Email: info@phronesisonline.com Useful Links Home About us Conferences