Software Development Company in Dubai | Digitz Technologies Home company About Us Gallery Services Web Development Digital Marketing Branding ERP Implementation CRM Implementation Whatsapp API Solution Careers Odoo Odoo Customization Odoo Implementation Odoo Migration Odoo Integration Odoo Support Products Zoho crm ERPNext Digitz ERP HubSpot CRM Odoo ERP Blog Contact us ... Search Here ... Office Address Office No.8,10th Floor, AB Plaza 8, Al Mamzar, Dubai, UAE 2nd Floor, No. 18/1145 G, KT Complex, Jail Rd, Palayam, Kozhikode, Kerala 673004 Phone Number +971543060660 +97142200250 Email Address info@digitztech.com hr@digitztech.com DRIVE BUSINESS GROWTH WITH The Best Software Development Company in Dubai Let's Talk Now What We Offer? As the leading Software Development Company in Dubai, we provide the best digital solutions that drive business success. Web Development Web development is the art and science of creating and maintaining websites. It involves the use of coding languages, coupled with advanced techniques, to ensure your online presence not only stands out but excels in the dynamic digital landscape. Transform your vision to reality with us. Digital Marketing Digital marketing is the cornerstone of modern business promotion, utilizing online platforms to connect with your target audience, boost brand visibility, and drive conversions. In a world that's increasingly digital, our digital marketing strategies are crafted to propel your products and brands to new heights. Odoo Odoo is an open-source ERP solution. It offers a range of business applications including CRM, website, e-commerce, and inventory management. It offers flexibility for businesses to streamline operations, enhance customer relationships, and manage various aspects of their enterprise efficiently. CRM Implementation CRM, or Customer Relationship Management, is a purpose-built system engineered to streamline and enhance a company's interactions with its existing and potential customer base. It serves as the anchor for fostering meaningful connections and maximizing customer satisfaction. Branding Branding is an art of crafting a unique identity and image for a product or company in the minds of consumers. It goes beyond visuals, encompassing the values, messaging, and experiences that set you apart from the crowd. ERP Implementation ERP, or Enterprise Resource Planning, is a software system designed to unify diverse business functions into a streamlined and cohesive process. From finance and human resources to supply chain management, ERP boosts organizational efficiency and increase productivity. Who We Are? In a business journey from conceptualization to realization, an idea alone isn't enough for a business to thrive. Each and every step to success is counted and these steps have to be climbed strategically and smartly. This is where we step in. We are one of the top leading Software Development Company in Dubai, passionate about developing innovative web and digital solutions that help businesses grow. As digital experts, we are committed to drive success for your company. We have evolved to provide from ERP-CRM implementation to Web Development to Digital Marketing. We tailor customized solutions for your unique business needs. Improve Efficiency 70% Team Colloboration 90% Grow Your Business with Us What does an ERP do? Boost Your Company’s Productivity Efficiently and Increase 30% Growth with Latest ERP Solutions. Integrate all your business operations in one system and manage it effortlessly. Accounting Full fledged accounting module for bookkeeping Sales and Purchase Track your complete business transactions HR and Payroll Module to handle your employee efficiently Manufacturing Complete handling from raw materials to distribution Projects Track your projects from kickoff to delivery Asset Management Manage your complete business assets MAKE FUTURE PROOF Expand Your Business Globally Yes, you heard it right. Get your business recognized by people all over the world without spending millions. Step into the world of online with Stunning Websites that speaks out loud. GLOBAL REACH ENHANCED CREDIBILITY 24/7 ACCESSIBILITY CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT COST-EFFECTIVE MARKETING BOOST IN SALES & CONVERSIONS BRAND CONSISTENCY DATA INSIGHTS What’s in the box? Get seen by the unseen Our result-oriented Digital Marketing strategies help your business reach farther and flourish sales. Take your business to new heights like ever before with us. BOOSTED VISIBILITY COST EFFECTIVE DATA INSIGHTS LEAD GENERATION INCREASED ROI TARGETED ADVERTISING MEASURABLE RESULTS AUDIENCE ENGAGEMENT How do we excel in the industry? Experience the Digitz difference Our result-oriented Digital Marketing strategies help your business reach farther and flourish sales. Take your business to new heights like ever before with us. CUSTOM SOLUTIONS RESULT ORIENTED PROVEN EXPERTISE ON-TIME DELIVERY SCALABLE GUARANTEED MAINTENANCE BUSINESS ANALYSIS Get Your Online Business Analysis + Success Projects + Global Customer + ‎ ‎Elite Awards + Happy Clients ❝ I got a consultation from Digitz Tech for implementing CRM system in my company. They have great products which is highly customisable and very easy to use...Thanks a lot for that. ❞ Ultrastream UAE ❝ Digitz Technologies delivers results, not just software. Their CRM solution boosted our sales and client satisfaction.❞ Mathew.M ❝ Using a data-driven strategy, their team boosted our leads and optimized campaigns, resulting in increased conversions and revenue. I strongly recommend them for digital marketing needs.❞ George Very expert in their domain, provides excellent solutions on customised need for clients and partners. Specially Mohammed Shibili is asset to any company Mohammed Salahuddin Lets Work Together Looking For Project Success ? Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Have questions about our services? We’ve got you covered! Check out our frequently asked questions below to find answers to common queries What services does Digitz technologies provide? We are the leading Software Company in Dubai. Our range of services include; ERP - CRM Implementation, Branding, Digital marketing, and Website development. Where is your software company located? Our company is headquartered in Al Mamzar, Dubai providing services globally. How long does it take to develop a website or implement ERP/CRM systems? The timeline to complete a project depends up on the project complexity and specific requirements. We provide customized project timelines during the consultation phase after understanding your business needs. What kind of support and maintenance do you offer after the implementation of your software solutions? We provide ongoing support and maintenance to ensure the smooth operation of our software solutions. Our support team is available to address any issues and provide updates as needed. Can your software solutions be customized to fit our specific business needs? Absolutely! We understand that every business is unique. Our team is experienced in tailoring software solutions to meet the specific requirements of your business. Frequently Asked Questions Have questions about our services? We’ve got you covered! Check out our frequently asked questions below to find answers to common queries What services does Digitz technologies provide? We are the leading Software Company in Dubai. Our range of services include; ERP - CRM Implementation, Branding, Digital marketing, and Website development. Where is your software company located? Our company is headquartered in Al Mamzar, Dubai providing services globally. How long does it take to develop a website or implement ERP/CRM systems? The timeline to complete a project depends up on the project complexity and specific requirements. We provide customized project timelines during the consultation phase after understanding your business needs. What kind of support and maintenance do you offer after the implementation of your software solutions? We provide ongoing support and maintenance to ensure the smooth operation of our software solutions. Our support team is available to address any issues and provide updates as needed. Can your software solutions be customized to fit our specific business needs? Absolutely! We understand that every business is unique. Our team is experienced in tailoring software solutions to meet the specific requirements of your business. We are the Leading Software Development Company in Dubai. We Drive Results that Empower Businesses. Facebook-f Twitter Linkedin-in Instagram Pinterest-p Menus Home Company Services Careers Odoo Products Contact Us Services Web Development Digital Marketing Branding ERP Implementation CRM Implementation Details Office No.8,10th Floor, AB Plaza 8, Al Mamzar, Dubai, UAE 2nd Floor, No. 18/1145 G, KT Complex, Jail Rd, Palayam, Kozhikode, Kerala 673004 +971543060660 +97142200250 info@digitztech.com hr@digitztech.com Office No.8,10th Floor, AB Plaza 8, Al Mamzar, Dubai, UAE 2nd Floor, No. 18/1145 G, KT Complex, Jail Rd, Palayam, Kozhikode, Kerala 673004 +971543060660 +97142200250 info@digitztech.com hr@digitztech.com Leave this field empty if you're human: We only send interesting and relevant emails. Powered By Digitz Technologies © 2023