Sports Massage Derby Facebook 07748 307 077 emma@thederbytherapist.co.uk Home Treatments Gait Analysis FAQ Blog Useful Links Contact Appointments Sports Massage Improve Mobility Restore Function Relieve Pain Find out more Injury RehabilitationWe can help you get back to your sport quickly and help you understand the cause of the injury Read more Gait AnalysisAnalysing your gait can help identify weakness & imbalance in the body to improve performance Read more Improve | Restore | Relieve Helping you stay fit & healthy Based in the heart of the Midlands, The Derby Therapist provides Sports Massage & Gait Analysis.With many years experience, The Derby Therapist can help with various sporting injuries.Contact us to discuss your specific requirements. Book Session  Insurance work undertaken  Fully qualified  Ample FREE parking  Covid Secure Take gait analysis to another level! Using state of the art medical grade sensors – ViMove2 Can be used outdoors on a surface of your choice including trail, hills or road! Click HERE to find out more. Find out more Sports Massage You don’t have to participate in sport to receive a sports massage. If you need deeper more specific massage to relieve any tension and tightness then a sports massage is what you want. Learn More Body Massage Body massage has a lighter pressure compared to Sports Massage with the aim to increase muscle pliability, aid circulation, relax the muscles and remove any areas of tension and fatigue. Learn More Gait Analysis Gait Analysis looks at the way a person runs. It can identify a reoccurring injury when running, and also identify and manage weakness and imbalance in the body to improve performance. Learn More About MeA Sheffield lass, from a family of climbers and potholers, I spent my early years exploring the mountains of Europe and the UK. I used to be a competitive horse dressage rider but now spend most of my spare time running in the Peak District with friends and with Peak Running. I have competed up to Marathon distance on the road but my passion is off road where I have competed up to ultra-marathon distance. No great placings just the love of the hills and the enjoyment of the sport and community. I wind down with Yoga and its meditative effects. I have a great understanding of the strains and demands we can put on our bodies while enjoying our favourite pastimes as well as the stresses of the workplace. I love my work! Book Appointment Testimonials The gait analysis that Emma does is really insightful. She has a really good eye for not just spotting any issues you have, but also identifying what the root causes are – something that’s critical in ensuring it’s the cause that’s addressed rather than the symptom.Her ability to assess fell and trail runners out in their natural environment, with the aid of the vimove sensors, is fantastic and a great addition to her toolkit. I had a recent assessment while running on the fells and it provided some detailed information on the subtle imbalances I have due to historic injuries. Something that would be impossible to see clearly with the naked eye, and really helpful in ensuring I know what things to focus on to enable me to keep running in the hills for many years to come.Andy Brooks Went to see The Sports Therapist (Emma) on a family friend’s recommendation for pain in my (arthritic) hip – a ‘problem’ that won’t go away, but that can be controlled. Emma informed me of a course of action we would take – specific to my problem, and things have improved for me greatly!Enjoyed it that much that I may yet go back for more!George Babic Had a great sports massage from Emma tonight. Really useful and insightful as to what my underlying problems could be.Katie DeLay I have visited Emma Roe at the Derby Therapist a number of times as a runner i frequently end up with niggles, aches and pains.Emma is a great to deal with very thorough and has always managed to help. A polite professional therapist that i never hesitate to recommend.Lynn Gration Qualifications VTCT Level 4 Certificate in Sports Massage Therapy VTCT Level 3 Diploma in Complementary Therapies VTCT Level 3 Certificate in Indian Head Massage I also hold a DBS certificate (previously CRB). The Derby Therapist Blog A few of my recent blog articles. See the full blog here Get in touch today and move forward with your sports injury Send me an email by clicking here. Please provide your name, telephone number & details of your requirements.  Call: 07748 307 077  emma@thederbytherapist.co.uk  Facebook  Location The Derby Therapist 39 Derwent Business Centre Clarke Street Derby, DE1 2BU  Hours Monday—Friday: 10:00AM–7:30PM Appointments are by prior arrangement only. Copyright © 2024 The Derby Therapist Privacy Policy Website: Your-Web-Designer.co.uk