Koohi Goth Skip to content Home About Services Publications Contact Us Main Menu Home About Services Publications Contact Us Together, we can Build a Pakistan where all women are healthy KOOHI GOTH WOMEN’S HOSPITAL IS THE PROJECT OF THE ZAFAR & ATIA FOUNDATION/PNFWH. Welcome to the Koohi Goth Women Hospital We care for the women across Pakistan. Koohi Goth Women Hospital is a 200 bedded health care center where all health care services are provided free of cost and without discrimination of race, colour, caste or creed. Here, great efforts are made to provide rehabilitation services to the underprivileged women of Pakistan. Call Us Today +92 (021) 35002419 Koohi Goth Hospital is one of the largest Free care centre in Pakistan We offer a wide range of health care services (Free of Cost) including clinical, diagnostic, out-patient, surgical and others. Book an Appointment What we have achieved We are improving access to routine obstetrical care and providing lifesaving support to pregnant women who die because of un availability of skilled staff and drugs. 1,200+ Midwives Trained 18,000+ Patients Benefited/ month 1,000K+ Volunteer Worldwide 4,500+ Surgeries Conducted 5,000+ Competency based Training 160+ Collaborators We support young women to reach their full potential! Abu Zafar Institute of Medical Sciences is offering quality education at the less then privileged area Kohi Goth) Since 2008 we offer different health care education course recognized by Pakistan Nursing Council and Sindh Medical Faculty. The courses are free of cost and students are rewarded with stipend / scholarships during their stay. Hostel facility are provided to female students The courses offered at Abu Zafar Institute of Medical Sciences are full time residential, where free of cost hostel facility are provided to female students within the premises of Kohi Goth Hospital. Bringing dreams within reach for women provide an environment where students, along with study, can have some fun! For this, we’ve firstly put a swimming pool in place; here, students can go to relax and refresh themselves. Furthermore, we have a tennis court, where students can keep matches amongst each other, exercise, awaken their bodies, and enjoy! Grab a book, take a seat, and enrich your mind! With 10,000 books, KGH has installed a library for students. Here, they can read and study material in a warm, comfortable, and quiet environment. The books featured here include everything from novels to academic material. Koohi Goth Hospital is one of the largest Free care centre in Pakistan Starting from an ambitious dream of a woman, Koohi Goth Hospital is today the hub of health care facilities to millions of underprivileged patients. Donate In house clinical diagnostic facility 01. Medicines & Vaccination for all patients 02. Research & Clinical Skill Labs 03. Outreach Medical and Surgical Camps 04. world-class environment for acquisition of laparoscopic skills 05. State-of-the-art Operation Theatres & Care Units 06. 5,000 new obstetric fistulas cases are reported every year in Pakistan Koohi Goth hospital is one of the few large and well-equipped facilities in Pakistan which specialize in treating obstetric fistula and detaching women from the stigma which the condition brings with it. Koohi Goth Women Hospital was featured on Fighting fistula: Razia's brave recovery from pregnancy nightmare Facebook Twitter Youtube His Maternal Instinct Facebook Twitter Youtube Shershah Syed: improving maternal care in Pakistan Facebook Twitter Youtube Koohi Goth Women Hospital Elective Program Empower, Learn, Serve: Your Unique Journey Awaits Welcome to the Koohi Goth Women Hospital Elective Program, an inclusive initiative offering a diverse range of experiences for both medical and non-medical students. Embark on a meaningful journey where you can make a difference, learn, and engage in various activities while immersing yourself in our vibrant community. Elective Program Highlights: Skill Development: Enhance your clinical skills under the guidance of experienced medical professionals. (*for medical students)Community Engagement: Participate in health outreach programs that make a real impact on the lives of local women.Cultural Experience: Explore the rich cultural heritage of Karachi while working side by side with the experts.Medical Camp Participation: Participate in medical camps that take you to underserved communities, providing medical aid to those who need it most. Application Process: Application Submission: Complete the online application form on our website.Review: Our selection committee will review your application and respond within two weeks.Confirmation: Once accepted, we will provide program details and assist with travel arrangements. Application Form Program Features: Duration: Choose from flexible elective durations, ranging from 1 to 12 weeks or more.Supervision: Receive personalized guidance from skilled mentors and specialists.Lectures and Workshops: Attend informative sessions on women’s health topics.Certificate: Receive a certificate upon successful completion of the program. Koohi Goth Women HospitalWho We Are About Company Services We Provide What We Have Done Our ServicesClinics Diagnostic Lab Fistula Center Pharmacy Contact DetailsKoohi Goth Bin Qasim Town، Deh Habibaabad Landhi Town, Karachi, Sindh Qaidabad, Sindh, Pakistan-75120 (021) 38230856 (021) 34508637 [email protected] Copyright © 2024 Koohi Goth Powered by Koohi Goth