Department of Internal Sections Affairs, Director of the Department, Associate Director of Student Affairs, Aid, Director of the Department for Student Affairs, Department of Internal Sections Affairs, for the department, historical, on the department, vision, message, and goals.In the Department of Internal Sections Affairs, Angel (Contracts) employees in the Department of Internal Sections Affairs Contracts (Self -Finance) People of the Department of the Legal and Administrative Division of Legal Affairs and Human Resources Unit of Database and Electronic Archiving Division, Student Housing Unit, Electronic Registration Unit and Issue Issue Unit Supervision Unit for ComplexesInterior departments Social Research Division Research Unit, Activities and Events Unit, Accounts Division, Fund Resources Unit, Granding Unit, Expensation Unit, Financial Accreditation Unit, Warehouses and Equipment, Division of Control and Internal Auditing, Documentary Auditing Unit, Merit Audit Unit, Maintenance and Services Unit, Technical Workshop Unit, Agricultural Unit.Residential for students Inner section Building No. (1) Inner section Building No. (2) Inner section Building No. (3) Inner section Building No. (6) Inner section Building No. (9) Building of the Internal Section / Haditha Inner Sodel Building / Al -Qaim Al -Buhaniyat for StudentsBuilding of the internal section No. (4) Building of the Internal Department No. (5) Building of the Internal Department No. (7) Building of the Internal Department No. (8) Building of the Internal Department / Hit electronic services, the university’s student portal system, the employees portal, predators, the Iraqi academic magazines, registration on the departmentsInterior University map of the identity forms, lectures, Al Anbar University, research platform, registration on courses and tests, electronic books service, magazines included in Scopas, annual achievements of the department, achievements for the year (2020-2021), achievements for the year (2021-2022), contacted us in a collective breakfast evening, departments studentsThe Interior lives the patriarchal spirit of the university president and his assistants more details of the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research visit Anbar University/Interior departments more details in an important historical event, the President of the University opens a number of projects in the College of Education in the post and returns them to its authentic site.The internal departments with a number of projects in the Faculty of Basic Education are the details of the most director of the internal departments at Anbar University.Samarra University visits the internal departments at Anbar University details the most Minister of Education visits Anbar University and inspects its academic institutions and opens a number of its university projects and follows the final exams the details of the most president of the university visits the headquarters of the Department of Internal Sections Affairs and provides a bouquet of more details with continuous support and distinguished performance. The internal departments are distinguishedIraqi universities Details of the most administrative assistant, the people of the people and the secretaries of the complexes meet in the internal departments. Details of the most home page. News of the department teaching articles under the slogan (I study in Iraq).The work of the internal departments under the chairmanship of the administrative assistant visits the student complex, the Committee for Follow -up to the work of the internal departments, visits the student complex on the campus. Participation in the annual International Conference on Information and Science for one of the team of the Department of Internal Department Affairs, the Director of the Department of Internal Sections Affairs.Participates in the course of the number of trainers (TOT) in the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research within the initiative (I am studying in Iraq), President of Anbar University.The activities of the department ethics and behavior .... educational and awareness seminars for the new students, especially the first stage ... Details in an evening visit ... in the evening visit, the deans of the medical group meet in the internal departments within the .... Details DivisionSocial research .... The Social Research Division publishes educational posters on the walls of the internal departments .... Details, the photo gallery, contact us, do you have an inquiry?Do not hesitate to contact us directly .. Your inquiry will be answered within hours.You can contact us on the email on contact@uanbar.edu.iq or write your comments below.