Study in Australia - Get Top College and Best Scholarship Opportunities | VISA | Accommodation Home About Australia Why Choose Australia Top Programs Top Institute Document Study. Work. Live in Australia Get started Submit About Australia Australia, the smallest continent and one of the largest countries on Earth, lying between the Pacific and Indian oceans in the Southern Hemisphere. Australia’s capital is Canberra, located in the southeast between the larger and more important economic and cultural centres of Sydney and Melbourne. Australia consists of six states (New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria, and Western Australia), three internal territories (the Australian Capital Territory, the Jervis Bay Territory, and the Northern Territory), and seven external territories (Ashmore and Cartier Islands, the Australian Antarctic Territory, Christmas Island, the Cocos (Keeling) Islands, the Coral Sea Islands, Heard Island and McDonald Islands, and Norfolk Island). Why choose Australia Australia is currently home to nearly 700,000 international students. Australia has the third-highest number of international students in the world after the United Kingdom and the United States. 1 Australia is the third most popular international student destination in the world. 2 Australia is currently home to nearly 700,000 international students. 3 Australia has six of the world’s top 100 universities. 4 Australia has one of the best higher education systems in the world. 5 An emphasis on student experience and graduate outcomes. 6 Australian universities rank in the world’s top 50 in a huge range of study areas. 7 Australia has over 2.5 million international alumni making a global difference since last 50 years. 8 Australian Universities have produced 15 Nobel laureates. 9 Easy access to student visas. Ask Experts TOP PROGRAMS Engineering Electrical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Civil Engineering Electronics Engineering Chemical Engineering Mining Engineering Telecommunications Engineering Ask Experts See More Business Marketing Logistics and Supply Chain Management Human Resources (HR) Finance Entrepreneur Economics Business Management MBA Project Management Social Media Marketing Accounting Ask Experts See More Analytics Business Analytics Data analysts Marketing Analysis Quantitative Methods Statistical Programming Data Visualization Marketing Research Ask Experts See More Architecture building art and design Town Planning Interior Design Spatial Design Architectural Technology Structural Engineering Ask Experts See More Social Works Mental Health Practice Community Services Community Health Human Services Ask Experts See More Information Technology Communication Technology Computing computer systems engineering and architecture Artificial Intelligence Data Science Database Systems Big Data Telecommunications and IT Software Engineering Ask Experts See More Allied Health Sciences Medical Technology Occupational Therapy Speech Therapy Pathology Pharmacy Radiography Anatomy Epidemiology Physiology Ask Experts See More Medical Science Health Sciences Dentistry Biiomedicine Biomedical engineering Ask Experts See More TOP INSTITUTIONS Australia features 36 universities in the recently released QS World University Rankings 2021. Of these, only six have fallen in rank this year, with the majority of Australian universities making significant improvements. Group of 8: Go8 Universities in Australia: Established in 1999, Go8 universities are a group of eight universities in Australia that are pioneers in research-intensive learning. The universities included in the ‘Go8 University Australia’ are some of the oldest universities in the country that provide top-class education. Australian National University University of Melbourne University of Sydney University of Queensland Monash University University of New South Wales University of Adelaide The University of Western Australia Deakin University James Cook University Macquarie University University of Technology Sydney University of Wollongong Griffith University La Trobe University RMIT University FEE and Living Expense in the Australia Read More FEE and Living Expense in the Australia Annual Tuition fees for Australia undergraduate and graduate degrees generally range from AUD $38,000 - and goes up to AUD $ 48,000 or more for medical degrees. Annual Living : AUD$20,290 Travel Card : AUD $2000 To Know More Book an Appointment Major Intakes Read More Major Intakes Australia generally has two intakes February July Few universities offering multiple intakes in September & November. You should start your admission process around six months before the application deadline. Typically most universities have three deadlines, during one intake. It is up to the convenience of the students, which deadline to aim for. To Know More Book an Appointment Eligibility Criteria For UG Courses+ Class XII with 60% and above The candidate have attained the age of 17 years prior the course commencement. Two Letter of recommendation. English Proficiency such as IELTS, PTE and TOEFL. Ask Experts For PG Courses+ 3 or 4 year graduation. However, some courses and universities may require a qualification equivalent to 16 years of formal education Above 55% marks in Bachelors is the minimum score requirement. This figure will vary for the high-level universities as well as courses. English Proficiency such as IELTS , PTE and TOEFL. MBA degree, you may be required to provide work experience certificates or letters. A detailed CV. A statement of purpose or personal essay. Two letter of recommendation from the person who has taught the student or knows him/her professionally. Ask Experts Bringing Dependents and Spouse+ A student visa would usually allow you to bring close family members as dependents on your student visa. The main student visa holder must have a minimum of 12 months validity on the visa and necessary funds and insurance to cover all expenses for this period. This is defined as: A spouse or partner (including same sex partners) who you have been living with for 12 months. Your or your partner's children, under 18 or who are still in continuous education (i.e. studying A-levels). Please note that the work rights granted for the dependent partner will depend on the course of study of the student: If the student is studying a master’s degree (coursework or research) or a doctorate degree the partner will have full and unlimited work rights. Ask Experts Documents Required+ The following documents need to be submitted: Copies of mark sheets of class X, XII, and the Bachelor's degree (if applicable) Two academic reference letters from professors who have taught you most recently If you have work experience then two letters of recommendation from the employer/manager who knows you well and can comment on your professional abilities Statement of Purpose (SOP) Resume Photocopied score reports of GMAT / IELTS / TOEFL Portfolio (in case of Students applying for art and design courses & architecture programs) Others (certificates/achievements at the state and national level and extracurricular activities) Proof of funds- Bank Statements/ FDs. Ask Experts Post Study Work Options+ Location Post Study Work Options Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane 2 years after Bachelors and Masters degrees (minimum 92 weeks), 3 years for Masters by Research and 4 years for PhD. Perth Adelaide Gold Coast Sunshine Coast Canberra Newcastle/Lake Macquarie Wollongong/Illawarra Geelong Hobart Bachelors or Masters graduate can get up to 3 years of PSW visa All other locations (list of cities) Bachelors or Masters graduate can get up to 4 years of PSW visa Ask Experts VISA+ Required Documents to Get the Visa for Australia: Original passport with one copy(s) (Passport should be valid for next six months at least). Certificate of Enrolment or Letter of Offer Evidence of health insurance cover. Criminal record check results. Receipt of fee that you have paid to university/college/institute. Bank statement will be required to show that you have enough money to study abroad and you can meet you expense of living too. 4 passport size recent photographs Original IELTS/TOEFL score report. You need at least 6.0 band score in IELTS. Ask Experts Permanent Residency+ You need to submit an Expression of Interest (EOI) through Skill Select and wait until you receive an invitation to apply for the visa. When invited to apply for the visa, your age must be under 45 years. You must go through a medical examination and fulfill the minimum health requirements. You need to nominate a skilled occupation based on your qualifications and skills. The occupation you choose must be listed on the Skilled Occupation List. You also have to get appropriate skill assessment for your nominated occupation before creating an EOI. You are also required to provide a valid English test to demonstrate that you are proficient in English. Once you received an invitation for the visa, you need to prove that you are of good character. For this, you have to sign an Australian values statement, submit police certificates, qualification evidence, the skills assessment, and other important documents. Ask Experts Employment Prospects In Australia+ With a population of more than 25 million unemployment is low at 5%, Australia also offers some of the highest graduate salaries in the world. The Australian economy is dominated by the services sector, followed by industry and agriculture. Tourism is also big business, especially in big towns and cities. Your chances of finding a graduate job are higher in metropolitan cities such as Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney but don't discount more rural locations. If you possess the right skills and qualifications your chances of securing work are good. Graduates at all levels generally enjoy a low unemployment rate and have better labour market outcomes and salaries than non-graduates. Ask Experts TOP STUDENT CITIES in the Australia With seven cities ranked among the top 75 in the QS Best Student Cities 2016, Australia stands out as one of the most attractive places to study abroad, offering student high-quality education in stunning locations.The best student cities in Australia achieve particularly strong scores in the indicators for Student Mix, Desirability and Employer Activity, while two of Australia’s seven entries boast positions in the top five of the overall ranking. Below are the seven best cities in Australia to be a student – all offering at least two internationally ranked universities, plus a unique study abroad experience. MELBOURNE SYDNEY CANBERRA BRISBANE ADELAIDE PERTH GOLD COAST Ask Experts Get in touch connect@mapmystudy.com Contact us +91 11 6817500 Connect © 2021 | Studyaustralia.co.in powered by MapMyStudy