Neurobehavioral Consultants Skip to content Our Clinic Our Staff Resources Contact Menu Our Clinic Our Staff Resources Contact Understanding Minds, Understanding People Why choose Neurobehavioral Consultants? Our goal is to provide a comfortable environment for clients and their families to learn about their minds and brains. You will find that our clinic is very different from other medical and mental health clinics. When you make an appointment for an evaluation, you will spend most of the day with the doctor or staff. We strive to understand the whole person as well as environmental and contextual factors that may influence his or her health. Once we believe that we have sufficient information to answer the referral questions, a thorough report is prepared for the referring physician. We believe that clients benefit from feedback about the evaluation, the results, and the recommendations, therefore follow-up appointments are provided. Our Services Neuropsychology Clinical neuropsychology is a specialty profession that focuses on brain functioning. A clinical neuropsychologist is a licensed psychologist with expertise in how behavior and skills are related to brain structures and systems. In clinical neuropsychology, brain function is evaluated by objectively testing memory and thinking skills. A very detailed assessment of abilities is done, and the pattern of strengths and weaknesses is used in important health care areas, such as diagnosis and treatment planning. The clinical neuropsychologist conducts the evaluation and makes recommendations. He or she may also provide treatment, such as cognitive rehabilitation, behavior management, or psychotherapy. Psychotherapy Psychotherapy is a general term referring to therapeutic interaction or treatment contracted between a trained professional and a client. The problems addressed are psychological in nature and can vary in terms of their causes, influences, triggers, and potential resolutions. Psychotherapy is an interactive process with the purpose of the exploration of thoughts, feelings and behavior for the purpose problem solving or achieving higher levels of functioning. Psychotherapy aims to increase the individual’s sense of his/her own health and well-being. Therapists employ a range of techniques based on experiential relationship building, dialogue, and behavior change that are designed to improve the mental health of a client. These evidence-based therapies include cognitive behavioral therapy and acceptance and commitment therapy, as well as other therapies that may be relevant to the individual client. What To Expect Scheduling To schedule an appointment, please call 317-550-3043. Because our staff spends most of the day with clients, we may not be able to answer the phone. Please leave us a message and someone will call back by the next business day. In order to serve you best, we will need some information from your physician, so be ready to provide the name and contact information for him or her. Before Visit During Visit After Visit Before Visit Generally, there is no way to “study” for these tests. Try to get a good night’s sleep and eat a good breakfast. You may take your medications like you normally would, as prescribed by your doctor. Be sure to bring a complete list of all the medications, vitamins, and supplements that you are taking. Bring glasses or hearing aids if you use them. Bring a lunch or money to purchase a meal at a nearby restaurant. Please do not schedule any other appointments on the day of testing. We do not know how long you will be at the office, and we don’t want to rush the evaluation or reschedule it. Because the clinic will be dedicated to your evaluation for the day, we ask that you do not cancel your appointment less than 24 hours prior. During Visit A neuropsychological evaluation usually consists of an interview and testing. During the interview, information that is important for the neuropsychologist to consider will be reviewed. You will be asked about your symptoms, medical history, medications, and other important factors. Testing involves taking paper-and- pencil or computerized tests and answering questions. The time required depends on the problem being assessed. In general, several hours are needed to assess the many skills involved in processing information. Some tests will be easy while others will be more complex. The most important thing is try your best. You will probably find testing interesting, and the detailed information that is gathered will contribute to your care. A typical neuropsychological evaluation will involve assessment of the following: General intellect, Higher level executive skills (e.g., sequencing, reasoning, problem solving), Attention and concentration, Learning and memory, Language, Visual–spatial skills (e.g., perception), Motor and sensory skills, Mood and personality. Some abilities may be measured in more detail than others, depending on your needs. After Visit You will not receive results of the testing on that day. It takes time for the tests to be scored and integrated into a report for your doctor. Generally, this process takes approximately 1 week, sometimes longer. Most people obtain the results of the testing from their referring doctor along with any other test results that may be available (i.e. labs or brain scans). If you wish to receive more detailed feedback about the neuropsychological evaluation, you are welcome to make an appointment for feedback, which typically takes 60 minutes. This is optional, not required. Accepted Insurance Partners Home Our Clinic Our Staff Resources Contact Disclaimer Disclaimer