Home - ASLearning Home About Workbooks 11+, 13+, Scholarship CAT4 Exam Papers Solutions Westminster Challenge Blog Contact Menu Home About Workbooks 11+, 13+, Scholarship CAT4 Exam Papers Solutions Westminster Challenge Blog Contact AS Learning - where students reach for the stars 11+ and 13+ exam materials and resources What we do Workbooks Workbooks coving the full range of each exam syllabus are available from our products page. These papers contain comprehensive guides to passing your exams. Learn More Original Papers and Solutions We provide a range of original 13+ and 11+ papers, designed to challenge the best and brightest students. We offer multiple products, including downloadable papers and full at-home mock testing services. Learn More Solutions to Past Papers Many independent and public schools publish their past papers without solutions. We provide full solutions to these papers, giving parents confidence and saving time. Learn More Blogs Our blogs are designed to keep parents abreast of the latest developments in their child’s education, and provide useful hints and tips for exams. Learn More Who uses us Schools Our resources allow children to learn at their own pace, keeping skills sharp and boosting confidence and attainment. We regularly partner with schools across the world. Please contact ameet@aslearning.co.uk for more information. Parents All AS Learning material has been written by Ameet and Aaron. From years of teaching, it was clear that most widely used resources are too general and not challenging enough. We’ve hand written all content with students in mind – carefully combining learning with assessments. Tutors We’re extremely passionate about quality. If you’re a specialised educator for an exam that we haven’t already covered – we’d love to hear from you! For more information please contact aaron@aslearning.co.uk. Made With Pride Ameet and Aaron stated with worksheets that have helped hundreds of children achieve admission to fantastic schools all over the world! The COVID-19 pandemic presented an opportunity to formalise our handmade material into comprehensive workbooks. Available to anyone, anywhere. Loading component ... Loading component ... Loading component ... Loading component ... Loading component ... Loading component ... Loading component ... Loading component ... Some words from our customers ASLearning provided all the resources necessary to get my son into his preferred secondary school. I can't recommend them highly enough. John HutchinsHammersith ASLearning's blogs have helped immensely in my understanding of the intricacies of passing 13+ exams. Samantha DeerChelsea I have worked with Aaron and Ameet previously when they helped my daughter pass her 11+. I was delighted when they launched this site as it provides great resources. Leah Yi Hong Kong Previous Next 07584-038-30207711-832-166 ameet@aslearning.co.ukaaron@aslearning.co.uk 12 Calcott Court, Blythe Road, Hammersmith, London, W14 0PN Browse About Blog Contact Products By exam 11+, 13+, and 13+ Scholarship CAT4 Weekly Newsletter Name Email Subscribe © All rights reserved Twitter Facebook Dribbble Youtube Pinterest Medium