kapilpatilfoundation.org Who we areOpen menu Overview Chairman’s Message Our Team What we doOpen menu Healthcare Education Employability and Entrepreneurship Livelihood Women empowerment Environment sustainability Why we work How we work Contact Us Menu Who we areOpen menu Overview Chairman’s Message Our Team What we doOpen menu Healthcare Education Employability and Entrepreneurship Livelihood Women empowerment Environment sustainability Why we work How we work Contact Us Donate KAPIL PATIL FOUNDATION THE STORY BEHIND OF OUR MOVEMENT KPF seeks to initiate a process of growth and progress in our country that transforms it into a society free of hunger, sickness, poverty, and exploitation, where all people can live in harmony, dignity, and security. Our vision of India aligns with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development of the United Nations. Read More TOWARDS ACHIEVING SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS Healthcare Kapil Patil Foundation’s comprehensive and community-centric health programme takes primary healthcare services to the doorsteps of underserved communities in both rural and urban India. Read More Education Kapil Patil Foundation’s flagship programme Mission Education works with the objective of empowering underprivileged children by providing education, nutrition, & wellness support. Read More EMPLOYABILITY AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP Kapil Patil Foundation has enabled entrepreneurship opportunities for thousands of villagers till date and aims to make a difference to Double by 2024. Read More Livelihood Kapil Patil Foundation through its Livelihood programme connects the unemployed or underemployed youth from disadvantaged groups and communities with the sectors which have large growth potential in terms of revenue generation and employability. Read More Women Empowerment Kapil Patil Foundation help rural and other disadvantaged women organize into Self-Help Groups (SHGs) and conduct capacity-building programs such as skills development (enterprise skills, Packaging, Logistics, supply chain management, life skills, etc.) and financial literacy classes for them. Read More Environment Sustainability Kapil Patil Foundation plays a vital role in promoting environmental protection in the communities it serves. We create awareness, advocate for better policies, and implement sustainable practices. We educate communities about the importance of preserving the environment and provide support through several means. Read More LAST YEAR IMPACTS Education > 500 STUDENTS Healthcare > 1 CR Entrepreneurs > 100 Employment > 5000 Livelihood 5423 Women Empowerment 2560 Womens मुख्यमंत्री सह्यायाता निधी 3 cr Tree Plantation 10k WE FOCUS ON GET IN TOUCH Would you like to speak to one of our adviser over the phone? Just submit your details and we’ll be in touch shorty or call us on +91 7020438881 OR email us on kapilpatilfoundation8383@gmail.com for more information. Contact Us Alone we can do so little : Together we can do so much Donate Kapil Foundation is a Non-Governmental Organization registered under the Bombay Public Trust Act, 1950 and the 80G of the Income Tax Act 1961. It was formed on 9th Sept 2019 on a mission to ensure the empowerment and development of under-served people in our country. Quick Links Who we areOpen menu Overview Chairman’s Message Our Team What we doOpen menu Healthcare Education Employability and Entrepreneurship Livelihood Women empowerment Environment sustainability Why we work How do we work Career Volunteer Who we areOpen menu Overview Chairman’s Message Our Team What we doOpen menu Healthcare Education Employability and Entrepreneurship Livelihood Women empowerment Environment sustainability Why we work How do we work Career Volunteer Useful Links Gallery Our Financials FAQ Media Refund Policy Contact Us Gallery Our Financials FAQ Media Refund Policy Contact Us Contact Info BHUSHAN SHIRUDE +91 7020438881 Kapilpatilfoundation8383@gmail.com Facebook Instagram Linkedin Twitter Donate Privacy & Policy | Terms & Condition | Disclaimer Copyright © 2023 KPF. All rights reserved.