Airsoft Tabor 2024 - Quality Airsoft Camp Military Academy About us Photo Gallery Fast Contact Airsoft CampAirsoft AKCESACTIVITY Airsoft essays Sniivarresurvival - Survivor training - first assistance Sportytopographies of our instructionSpecial camp forces and their training more shooting at the shooting range every day, from morning to evening more shooting and tactical training at the military base and surroundings more airsoft play and battle under the guidance of experienced instructors more demonstrations and training professionalsFooting Tactics Fighting Airsoft Tábor 2024 - Military Academy - Quality Airsoft CampAirsoft Tábor - Military Academy is a high -quality airsoft camp for players aged 10-17, aiming to teach players (children) to learn the skills of military craft.The training is based on obtaining shooting skills at our airsoft shooting range, training tactics at the base and its surroundings, moving skills and to perform tasks of special survey, etc. Airsoft weapons are used for training.Read more at: Airsoft Tabor of the Military Academy.Overview of vacancies Military Academy: 29. 6. - 12. 7. 2024 Military Academy: 11. 8. - August 24, 2024 Airsoft Tábor s.t.s.The Military Academy offers an attractive program for the new Airsoft players - newcomers and advanced who want to participate in the best airsoft camp full of demonstrations, instructions, shooting courses and above all, the best airsoft games this summer!We will teach everyone to play airsoft with regard to the security and quality of actions and games.Find out in time how to apply for Airsoft Tábor Military Academy!For graduates of basic training of the Military Academy we are preparing a sequel that follows where players ended in the previous year.Our soldiers will grow with us!The crowded quality airsoft camp full of adrenaline you have to experience!We have been carrying out military airsoft camps since 2008. Since 2018, our troops have been dealing with airsoft named as S.T.S.- Special camp forces.In 2020, we first offered and realized a separate airsoft camp at our military base of the bandaria.In the 2021 season we started presenting our airsoft camp as a military academy.More on the page: About the Military Academy.Our airsoft camps differs significantly from others in that they have: professional instructors from the armed and security forces of the CzechBandaria 100% care from kitchen, medical staff to practitioners and professional training instructors The current offer of camp stays for the season 2024 I. Turnus: 29. 6. - 12. 7. 2024 - Military Academy II.Turnus: 14. 7. - 27. 7. 2024 - classic summer children's camp III.Turnus: 28. 7. - 10. 8. 2024 - classic summer children's camp IV.Turnus: 11. 8. - 24. 8. 2024 - Military Academy with POST -APO SURVIVAL program The current overview of free capacity here!Random photos from the photo gallery from Airsoft Tábor - Vojskaakademie.cz shooting courses using airsoft weapons can get good habits in handling and shooting.Each recruit will learn to shoot at our airsoft shooting range!Read full1/2 Capacity Occupying!Applications are coming and the free capacity of the Airsoft camp is decreasing.In addition, by the end of the emergency state, there may be a installment camp!Read the wholexkluzive AKADEMIEME program prepared by the unique program of the Airsoft Military Academy camp, which you will not find 100% elsewhere.Read the entire main partners of the Military Academy are: 222 953 003 775 213 667 tabory@klub112.cz Write us a message of the current bids Academy 2024 Action of the Military Academy Weapons and equipment.Base Address Recommended Equipment Price List of Terms and Conditions is Airsoft Airsoft Weapons Our airsoft camp How to choose a gun for airsoft?Facilities of Airsoft Copyright © 2024 Military Academy of Club 112 GDPR, Web Map, Partners, Links Admion / SEO / PPC Management Close × We are so easy ... Name E-mail Phone (optional)Free Privacy Policy Generator