Top HR Consultancy In Mumbai | Disha Consultancy Disha Consultancy Home Solutions Executive Search Permanent Staffing Turnkey Staffing Contract Staffing Professional Staffing International Staffing Company About Us Our Process Business Ethics FAQs Contacts Business Enquiry Apply for Job Refer A Friend Freelancer Franchise Franchise Franchise Opportunities Ready to Grow? Contact Us Home Solutions Executive Search Permanent Staffing Turnkey Staffing Contract Staffing Professional Staffing International Staffing Company About Us Business Ethics FAQs Contacts Business Enquiry Apply for Job Refer A Friend Freelancer Franchise Welcome! Crafting effective solutions matching talent Business Enquiry Search Jobs Tailored & Diverse sourcing strategies Robust talent sourcing strategies utilising resources and our regional and global databases. Learn More Innovative recruitment technology Our ultra-fast in-house artificial intelligence search and filter make the delivery quicker than you expect with relevancy Learn More Dedicated account management & support A dedicated manager is assigned for the task, alongside any further resources needed to meet business goals. Learn More Global reach International search and sourcing with our Multi-country databases. Learn More About us Grow Your Businesswith Our Expertise Over more than decade, we have been helping companies reach their goals. Disha Consultancy is more than just a HR company — we work as team and not just as a business partner for our clients. We offer comprehensive HR solutions to meet human resource and recruitment objectives for diverse industries, levels and across multiple countries. Give us a call. Learn More Executive Search We bridge our clients with the top-level candidates that may not be immediately identifiable in the market to build best and superior leadership teams Permanent Staffing We can help hiring talent for all levels and to build adaptive, diverse people organizations to fulfil your strategic business objectives. Turnkey Staffing We can help you to harness the full benefit of our expertise and experience in hiring large numbers of employees along with best-in-class delivery. Contract Staffing We can help you to hire candidates flexible to any market conditions allowing you to assess new employees before taking on the permanent hires. Professional Staffing We can help you find the right talent with high-end skill backed with the leverage of our digital technology & innovation and multi-country database. International Staffing We help in complete Recruitment Services to International Clients along with our research methodologies, sourcing expertise and global talent pool. Our Beliefs We have been helping our clients to grow their business and drive transformation for over a decade with strong and robust ideologies. 01. * Win-Win Bridge We bridge win-win match between employer and jobseeker to maintain high compatibility. Know Us 02. * Relevancy is the key With our advanced artificial intelligence search and filter we combine human interaction to provide the most relevant fit for employer and job-seeker Know Us 03. * Tailored Solutions As different industry needs a different solution to stay on top, so we design custom solutions for our client based on their requirements. Know Us ACTIVE CLIENTS 0 + Active Recruitment Success 0 + TEAM ADVISORS 0 + GLORIOUS YEARS 0 + why us Reasons to partner with Disha Consultancy Diverse Industry Experience and Recruitment at all levels With our decade plus years of organically growing we have gain massive experience in diverse industries for all levels of recruitment. This has benefited us to successfully fulfil our clients business goals. A tailored & diversed strategy We document every piece of information and then build talent identification strategies tailored with your business goals to source right talent utilising our regional and global databases. Global reach We have massive experience in International search and sourcing capabilities along with our Multi-country databases. Customer Oriented with consistant & dedicated service Our business practices are inspired from the best philosophies and methods used around the globe to provide best customer service. Reputation & Employer Branding We pride ourself for delivering trusted services as over 80% of our current business comes from personal referrals and repeat clients. During every stage we take utmost care of our clients branding and reputation. Transparency We follow legitimate,fair and standardize hr business practices with No ‘hidden costs’ and quality-focused rates to achieving your goals. Innovative recruitment technology We use a range of innovative technologies and along with our advanced artificial intelligence search and filter to find the most relevant talent. Prime Robust Key Benefits Know More Comprehensive HR Services Diverse Industry Experience Positive Branding Talent from across globe AI based inhouse Multi-country databases Happy Testimonials We're greatful when our customers speak highly of us.We love seeingHappyclients Team Of Disha Consultaing have helped us at right time. They understand the open positions and were very patient with our company work pattern & kept in constant contact. They are experts in Hospitality Recruitments. Percy Clarke Head HR | Hospitality Disha Consultancy provide quick and enough options of candidates to choose from for our construction manpower requirement, We recommend them. Vicky Vicky | Owner | Construction I want to appreciate your efforts in consulting through out the process of interview and specially at one instance after having second round of Salary discussion with HR i thought it will not go any further, but due to your great consulting skill it went positive. Thank you team once again, you are very good HR Consultant. Mayur Senior Business Development Manager | Finance I would say the service is extremely good.Timely intimation about the profile, venue and the company information is what a candidate is required which was provided by Disha Consultancy. Anil Head Production | FMCG Got something in mind? We are happy to help! Reach Us Disha Consultancy Solutions Executive Search Permanent Staffing Turnkey Staffing Contract Staffing Professional Staffing International Staffing Company About Company Business Ethics FAQ Blog Login Contact Contact Us Business Enquiry Referral Franchise Apply For Job Follow Us Copyright © 2023 Disha Consultancy. All Rights Reserved. EOE | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | XML | RSS Email Disclaimer| | Adviosry & Disclaimer |Complaints Policy Employee Login