Court Administration Division Government of Jamaica Home About Us Contact Us Useful Links COVID-19 Other Links Our History Vision and Mission Customer Service Charter The Executive Team CAD Divisions/Units Frequently Asked Questions Media Protocol More Links Acts Tender Notices Public Education Strategic Plan Launch Reports Employment Terms of Use Protocols Media News Room Customer Service Survey Search for: Search Court Administration Division Skip to content Home About Us Contact Us Useful Links COVID-19 Other Links Our History Vision and Mission Customer Service Charter The Executive Team CAD Divisions/Units Frequently Asked Questions Media Protocol More Links Acts Tender Notices Public Education Strategic Plan Launch Reports Employment Terms of Use Protocols Media News Room Customer Service Survey Search for: Search Tender Notice3 Employment0 Welcome to CAD The Court Administration Division welcomes all users to its website, the Court Administration Division is a Court Services entity which is led by a Director of Court Administration Division. The Director has accounting officer status, making him/her answerable to Parliament for the accounting functions of the organization. The Director reports to the Chief Justice of Jamaica, who is the head of the Judiciary and to Parliaments in respect of accounting matters. To learn more about the CAD, please click here. Vision and Mission Vision: To become leaders in court administration services. Mission: To Provide efficient and effective administrative services to the courts of Jamaica... read more Our History The Court Administration Division was established to separate the administrative functions of the Judicial and Executive arms of Government as stipulated by the Constitution of Jamaica. read more Customer Complaint System We encourage you to help us improve our service by contacting us to make a suggestion on what we can do differently or make a complaint when you are dissatisfied with our service. read more About CAD Court Administration Division is a Court Services organization that was set up in August 2009 by the Government of Jamaica, through the Ministry of Justice (MOJ) and in collaboration with the Public Sector Modernization Division (PSMD), Cabinet Office. The establishment of the Court Administration Division (CAD) serves to restructure the institutional framework through which administrative services are provided to the Courts and further strengthen judicial independence. The agency’s establishment is designed to enable the Judiciary and the Courts to have greater input in budgetary decisions and execution of activities surrounding the operations of the Courts. The organization is responsible for performing a range of Court-related administrative services. more about us more about us Protocols The Court of Law has always been a place of politeness, dignity at its highest and a place where decorum and respect are highly demonstrated. There is no law to dictate Court behaviours but the old age principles coming down from Roman Law, to the English, to the Commonwealth Countries and likewise in other jurisdictions in the world, apply and are practiced in our courts here in Jamaica. more on what to do more on what to do Other Related Government Links The Court Administration Division welcomes all users to its website. Here are other Government-related websites that you may find useful. The Court of Appeal The Court of Appeal came into being at the time of independence. The judges of this court exercise great care... Visit Site The Supreme Court Our Courts play an essential role in protecting our constitutional rights to equal and due process under the law. Both... Visit Site The Parish Courts These Courts form an integral part of the judicial system in Jamaica, and their work is geared towards protecting the... Visit Site The Ministry of Justice The Ministry of Justice (MOJ) is a Government of Jamaica ministerial entity, headed by the Minister of Justice. It was... Visit Site Find Us Contact Us Administrative Opening Hours Mon-Thurs: 8:30AM–5:00PM Fri: 8:30AM–4:00PM 8th Floor, 25 Dominica Dr, Kingston, Jamaica Telephone: +1 876-613-8800 Telephone: +1 876-754-8337 Telephone: +1 876-908-0138 Toll Free Line: +1 888-429-5269 customerservice@cad.gov.jm Courts of JamaicaThe Court of Appeal The Supreme Court The Parish Courts Court Location Map List of Parish Courts List of Family Courts List of Kingston & St. Andrew Courts Departmental PublicationsPerformance Report Annual Reports Internal Audit Report Jamaica Justice System Reform CAD Operational Plan Strategic Business Plan Newsletters Home| About Us| Contact Us| FAQs| © 2023. All Rights Reserved Court Administration Division. Designed by CAD ICT Team