Home - Work & Share +359 885 364 355office@workandshare.ioMon - Fri: 10:00 - 18:00 Home Workspace Solutions Coworking space Event space Meeting rooms & phone booths Virtual office Conference hall/Auditorium Amenities Partners About us Insights Contacts FAQ Member Login English Български (Bulgarian) Enquire now Building a great place for amazing people who share the same mindset. Less me, More we! Our beautiful and inspiring workspaces are designed for teams of all sizes, from startup entrepreneurs to early-stage startups! From small businesses to growing companies. And we promise to support you all the way. Join us and become part of our diverse community! JOIN USWork&Share - Coworking space SofiaClients Dedicated desk Dedicated deskYou can reserve a dedicated desk in our open space areas, where you can also leave your belongings. Read more Flexible desk Flexible deskIf you need more flexible options, you can use a desk occasionally for as many days per month as you need. We’ve got options! Read more Team desk Team deskFor small teams and startups we can offer large team desks for up to 6 people in our open space areas. Join us to become part of our coworking community Read more Team office Team officeWe also offer team offices with glass walls and cool interior, where you can enjoy the privacy with your team, but still be part of the coworking space. Read more Virtual office Virtual officeMostly suitable for foreigners, who need to register a company in Bulgaria and need a legal address. Read more Amazing Reviews Work&Share коуъркинг спейс4.5Based on 115 reviewsreview us onСашо Идакиев03:50 12 Oct 22СуперMariya Kircheva16:02 28 May 22Страхотна атмосфера, просторно, дружелюбност и отзивчивост от страна на мениджъра. Харесаха ми пречиствателите за вода и въздух. Има паркинг освен за коли, и за колелета.Nedyalko Iliev16:58 02 Oct 21Доста приветливо и уютно място за работа. Персонала е много отзивчив и ненатрапчив. Интернет връзката за съжаление е трагедия, аз ползвах хотспот от телефона си.Toshko18:41 23 Dec 20Доста приятно място за споделена работа, добре оборудвано и на комуникативна локация. Неприятен вкус е нивото на хигиена и подръжка на тоалетните, в които може да се натъкнеш на доста неприятни гледки.Peter Nikolow13:51 08 Oct 20Прекрасно място за споделена работа.Локацията е доста добра - има автобусна линия и метро. Разполага с паркинг.alexandra rizova19:30 28 Mar 19Бях на чудесна лекция, а мястото (като сграда, архитектура) е ВЕЛИКОЛЕПНА!!‹› Insights Work&Share MomentsRead more The History of CoworkingRead more Coworker’s Diaries: Coffee HabitsRead more View AllOur Team Sofia Hristoforova Community manager +359 889 131 572sofia@workandshare.io Bozhidar Georgiev CEO bozhidar@workandshare.io Work & Share Coworking Spaceul. Tintyava 15-17, 1113 Sofia+359 885 364 355office@workandshare.io Get in touch with us Address: Tintyava 15-17, 1113, Sofia E-mail: office@workandshare.io sofia@workandshare.io Tel: +359 885 364 355 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Email *SubjectComment or Message *GDPR Agreement *I consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. See Privacy PolicySend message Let's cowork!Be part of the Work & Share community.Help your business grow.JOIN US Home Amenities Workspace Solutions Partners About us Contacts Insights FAQ Privacy Policy Member Login © 2022 Work&Share. All rights reserved Let's get in touch Give us a call or drop by anytime, we endeavour to answer all enquiries within 24 hours on business days. +359 885 364 355 office@workandshare.io × Enquire now Give us a call or fill in the form below and we'll contact you. We endeavor to answer all inquiries within 24 hours on business days. +359 885 364 355 office@workandshare.io × We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Read about COVID-19 safety and hygiene English Български (Bulgarian)