↓ Skip to Main Content Khadija Kazi Ali Memorial High School Main Navigation Menu Keep A Child In School You can sponsor an education for a child in need, … Keep A Child In School Read More » About Us Khadija Kazi Ali Memorial High School was founded on the 8th of March, 2014 with vision, passion and exalted dream to provide quality education under a homely atmosphere, believing that no one must be deprived of basic education. We aim to inculcate in our young generation, noble moral values and make them refined citizens of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Amenities Audio Visual Aids Well equipped Science Lab Fully equipped, spacious Computer Lab Library with Large collection of books Values Core Values We groom our children to be Patriotic citizens and good human beings, having strong moral characters. We teach them to be Proactive and develop Positive Thinking so that they stand successful with the “ I can ” attitude and Self Respect. We bombard them with knowledge through a team of Knowledgeable, Dedicated and Skilful Teachers. Our Mission Khadija Kazi Ali Memorial High School aims to provide, in partnership with the parents, a quality education in an environment where every individual is cared for spiritually, morally, intellectually, physically, socially and emotionally, so that they can make their best contribution to society. Our Vision To excel dynamically in value based education, utilizing the best available resources and methodologies and in turn provide the society an honest, able and dedicated leadership. You Can Help Sponsor A Student You can sponsor a child’s education for as low as … Sponsor A Student Read More » Sponsor A Class Sponsor an entire class for Just Rs 45000/- Per month. … Sponsor A Class Read More » Make A Donation Make a one-time donation of just Rs 1000 or its … Make A Donation Read More » Our Work All School Events Trips Sports Art Exhibition Mothers Day Celebration Chalk Experiments Table Tennis Tournament Museum Trip 2017 Oxford University Press 767 Students 47 Teachers 4910 Library Books 25 Sections Our Team Sanaullah Kazi Founder Nasira Abid Principal Yasmin Qazi Society President Founder Principal Society President Testimonials Unnamed – Parent They don't litter, And I've noticed a sweetness in their tone of voice. I'm so glad ever since my kids started school at Khadija Kazi, I believe they now have access to quality education. Ashraf Khan – Parent I've noticed a real difference in my children. They wake up early and seem eager to go to school. Contact Get In Touch Name*Email* Your Message* Δ Address Plot No. 1, Gulshan-e-Bilal, Sector 6, Sub Sector 1-B, Surjani Township, Karachi 021-36417722 kkamhs2014@gmail.com Have something to offer? Setup A Meeting Today twitterbird - Link will open in new windowfacebook - Link will open in new windowgoogleplus - Link will open in new windowyoutube - Link will open in new windowinstagram - Link will open in new window © 2024 Khadija Kazi Ali Memorial High School | Powered by Compact One | Powered by Compact One