Elizabeth C Shaw 0 Skip to Content Create Collaborate Consult Open Menu Close Menu Create Collaborate Consult Open Menu Close Menu Create Collaborate Consult Welcome! You and I likely see life in a similar way.We look around and see beauty, wonder, and possibility. There are challenges and shadows we recognize too.And ultimately we believe in the potential to make things better and brighter - for ourselves, our communities, and our world. We want to use our resources, our passions, and our dreams to ignite change. Sound like you? Then you’ve come to the right place. This is a space for creatives and organizations alike who all share one core value: the desire to inspire and create something more.More possibilities. More optimism. More magic. We can inspire a more optimistic world through: HospitalityRadical hospitality inspires others to feel seen, welcomed, and well-cared for. CreativityCreativity is an expression of optimism; a way to leave the world better. ConnectionConnection with ourselves and with others is what creates lasting impact. DelightDelight, gratitude, and joyful wonder at what is fuels our hope for what can be. Hi, I’m Elizabeth. I believe that the way we make the world we want to live in is by taking action - whether it’s for ourselves and our aspirations, our organizations and communities, or our vision for the future.Combine that belief with my innate practicality and decades of creating memorable, radically hospitable experiences for those around me, and you’ve got a unique recipe for practical, world-changing optimism. That’s why I create, collaborate, and consult in ways that are equal parts head in the clouds and feet on the ground. Want to connect? Let's chat! First Name Last Name Email Address Sign Up I’m honored you want to join in this journey with me! I respect your privacy, and will keep your information confidential. And, you can unsubscribe at anytime if you’re not filled with delight when receiving these emails. Thank you! Sign up for my weekly-ish email for more thoughts on inspiring optimism, radical hospitality, and living with creativity, connection, and delight. Elizabeth C Shaw