Angel Diaz – dare to be creative Skip to content Menu Angel Diazdare to be creative Search home about reels contact 18East INDEX Close Menu nowworks thenworks priveworks lineworks 3Dworks 4Uworks I take mundane ideas and work with them to recreate organic images that, not only, represent theoretical concepts, but represent “our” presence within our times. Guidelines and USE now works then works prive works line works 3D works 4U works I take mundane ideas and work with them to recreate organic images that, not only, represent theoretical concepts, but represent “our” presence within our times. Guidelines and USE Born in Iquitos – Peru, Angel Diaz — aka: #YNOTngl is a leading Mass Media producer and Plastic Artist of a generation that emerged in the wake of South America’s influence of conflictive traditional and political turmoil. Angel studied, at first at informal studio classes in his native country and in the late 1980s established residence in New York City. There, he absorbed the acute attention to form associated with modern plastic arts, sculpture, and photography, subsequently refining his own visual and conceptual vocabulary that emerged through his focus on the points of intersection between visual arts, sculpture, and spatial analysis. His complex mind-grinding images are the stuff of legend. Angel Diaz is a creative mind of vast and diverse experience within the media and fine arts industry. In the late 1980s established residence in New York City. He holds a B.A. in Commercial and Plastic arts, received from the School of Visual Arts. Subsequent to that, he earned a MA in Media Ecology from NYU’s School of Media Culture, and communications | Stainhardt. He currently lives and works in the City that Never Sleeps — Big Apple. Angel’s media works include several publications, broadcasts (#YNOTngl), and advertising products. His plastic artworks can be found in a myriad of public and private art collections both in the United States and abroad — they have been shown global. The Whitney Center for the Arts (Massachusetts — USA), houses two of his large canvases. “Imagine” and “Boys II”. They are on display as part of their permanent collection. The “Museo Amazonico” (Iquitos — Perú), houses a large diptych of a mixed medium on canvas entitle “ONE”…an homage to his hometown’s youth.They can also be found in numerous private collections. as well as national and international auctions for charitable events organizations such as; Cipriani’s restaurateurs, In–New York Magazine, New York Cares, New York Housing Works, New York Waterways, The Big Apple Greeter, The Brooklyn Community Services, The Hats of East New York, (Review by: Josef Kandoll) more reels creating a presenceThe internet is a vast place, and it can be hard to stand out from the crowd. The purpose of this site is to showcase my work and to create a visual record of the subjects that, otherwise, might go by unnoticed.To dot my cyber space, I would like to share works based upon simple ideas that may enhance your perception of your surroundings. They are shaped to recreate organic images and 3 dimensional objects that, not only, represent theoretical concepts, but represent “our” presence within our times. working togetherIt’s one thing to define working together, and it’s another to define it in a way that it will work. Although the English language has some excellent definitions of working together / teamwork, the French have an even better one: “esprit de corps”. This phrase is roughly translated to a sense of unity and enthusiasm for a shared responsibility or interest. With this grand French definition in mind, we will then define working together as the oil that makes the team work well.That said, together, lets make our world a better place to be and leave it a “Bit Better” for the upcoming generations. Lets work together... …lets build a better world. get intouch Back To Top Angel Diaz home about reels contact 18East INDEX …with love from NYC! … THE BEST CITY IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD.YNOTngl® | © 2000 all rights reserved