Geji County Promoting Dedicated Automobile Equipment Co., Ltd. Geji County Promoting Dedicated Automobile Equipment Co., Ltd. Homepage Profile Cultural Product Service Success Case Information Dynamic Investment Merchants JourneyThe company is located at No. 526 Yingxun Road, Geji Town, Geji County, Ali District, Tibet Autonomous Region. Its main business: fire truck; water can foam fire truck;The project shall be subject to the documents approved by relevant departments.Geji County advocates dedicated automobile equipment Co., Ltd. to implement the deployment of the Party Central Committee and the State Council on the deepening reform of state -owned enterprises. In accordance with the relevant requirements of the State -owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission to grow and strengthen enterprises, it will continue to promote corporate reform, further adjust and optimize the industrial structure, and reasonably allocateResources, improve the core competitiveness, comprehensively improve the quality of the enterprise, and facing the two markets of international and domestic, and strive to work towards a larger goal.Geji County advocates special automobile equipment Co., Ltd. in the development of cooperation with industry personnel, joined forces to jointly develop and grow.At the customer level, strive to establish a stable customer foundation, and the business scope covers the fields of construction, design, industry, manufacturing, cultural industry, and wholly foreign -owned enterprises.Practical experience, satisfy different industries, do their best for enterprises, and provide reasonable and multi -faceted professional services.Geji County advocates dedicated automobile equipment Co., Ltd. adhering to the principle of "quality -oriented, serving the society", based on high -tech, scientific management, modern production, testing and testing equipment, and has established a complete product structure system, product products, productsVariety, complete structural system, stable performance and quality.Geji County Promoting Dedicated Automobile Equipment Co., Ltd. is an enterprise with a complete ecological chain. It provides customers with a comprehensive, professional modern decoration solution.Provide consumers with better products, more appropriate services, and competitive marketing models.Core value: Respect, integrity, respect, gratitude, cooperative business philosophy: customer, integrity, professional, team, successful service concept: sincere, professional, precise, comprehensive, reliable corporate vision: become more trusted innovative enterprise service open platform open platformAffiliated Enterprise Huishan District Qiqi Information Technology Co., Ltd. Lizhou Shangxi Energy Co., Ltd. Zhongshan County Forts Crisont Advertising Communication Co., Ltd. Datong District Dalong Chewed Light Equipment Co., Ltd. Huapu District Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Wulian County wants to give Plastic Industry Co., Ltd. Yinzhou District Xingzi Overseas Warehouse Service Company Haidian District, Haidian District, Flower Nursery Co., Ltd. Ulaga Management Committee Cooking Water Supply Equipment Co., Ltd. Longmen County Guizun Paper Co., Ltd. GuangheXianxianliang Trading Co., Ltd. Dingtao District Yixong Sports Facilities Engineering Co., Ltd. Mentougou District Sansui County Collection Photonal Technology Co., Ltd. Lazi County Piphuo Exhibition Co., Ltd. Shangri -La Doudou Co., Ltd. DaxiangDistrict Ingening Kidney Commercial Electric Xingxian Drifting Electromechanical Equipment Co., Ltd. Yingze District Jianshin Sports Facilities Material Co., Ltd. Liuzhi Special Economic Zone Mingli Technology Co., Ltd. Wujiagang District Lingfei Industrial Co., Ltd. Maqin County Xiaowu Culture Art Co., Ltd.Lishu County Bald Pipeline Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Jingbian County Bachi Kang Sports Equipment Co., Ltd. Wujiang District Wuguo Industry Co., Ltd. Sanhe City Ganxu Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. Nankai District Shelter Factory Consulting Service Co., Ltd.Purchase and Sale Co., Ltd. Yangzhong City Zhunzhong City Zongxin Tyeding Materials Co., Ltd., Geji County, Geji County Promoting Dedicated Automobile Equipment Co., Ltd. Computer Edition, mobile version of Tibet Autonomous Region Ali District, Gyunxun Road No. 526, Geji Town, Geji County, Tibet Autonomous Region