AIA :: American International Academy American International Academy Home About Colleges AdmissionAdmissionTuition AcademicsAcademicsProfessional Degrees StudyInstructionsGraduationUseful Links Courses Hudex FormsForms PageEnrollment ApplicationResearch Approval FormTraining Course App.Hudex Individual Mem. App.Hudex Centers Mem. App. Contacts ARABIC 13 Years of Excellence in Learning and Training Respected degree programs in a rich distance study environment, so you can move forward without leaving the rest of your life behind. LEARN MORE ENROLL NOW Few Words About the Academy American International Academy (AIA) has been established in 2005. In 2009 AIA was officially registered and licensed in the State of Wyoming in the United States of America under No.567632. AIA is registered to work outside USA. The Academy opened doors to those who wish to continue their education from all over the world. Learn More Our Web Site: www.aiaiedu.orgTakes you mostly to all information you need. We invite you to explore the website which is being updated continually, and in case you didn't find the information you need please do not hesitate to contact us, send us an email and our staff will reply within 48 hours. Why AIA? Easy payments Payments can be made in fixed installments or you can propose your own payment plan for consideration. Begin anytime Once accepted onto the program, you may start antime suits you. Academic Quality AIA assures to maintain high international standards and to have its credits and qualifications accepted by institutions and professions around the world. Flexibility to suit your career and lifestyle You don't have to give up work or leave your family to continue studying. Study in your own time. Study in your own space. You are not bound to any location as long as you have access to e-mail and the internet. Customize your own learning At AIA, you have a say in your own education. Some of our programs allow full customization to your needs and situation. Guidance from top faculty Our mentors and tutors are handpicked and vetted carefully. They are at the top of their game in both academics and real-world experience. Most importantly, they share the AIA belief of helping students enjoy their learning experience. Colleges Business & Management Majors of this College require the student to have good management experience and skills. Letters & Science All sites you make with Mobirise are mobile-friendly. You don't have to create a special mobile version of your site. Arts & Humanities Mobirise offers many site blocks in several themes, and though these blocks are pre-made, they are flexible. Graduate Studies Mobirise is an easy website builder - just drop site elements to your page, add content and style it to look the way you like. LEARN MORE Professional Courses (Through our partner HUDEX) International Diploma in Diplomatic Studies $1150 Certified Marketing Professional $450 Arts and Skills of Sales $120 Certified Reporter $750 International Diploma in Professional Training $595 LEARN MORE Master and Doctoratein Diplomatic Studies Authenticated by the Department of State, USA Low Tuition fee, available in Arabic language, and by full distance learning. Enrollment is open now to students from all over the world. LEARN MORE APPLICATION Are you a professional trainer? Are you a human development expert? Now you have the chance to get a certified trainer membership from HUDEX, the Human Development Experts Congregation Council and enjoy the Power of Certification! Learn More Professional Master and Doctorate New from AIA .. Fully distance study in Arabic with a research study method.Majors- Human Development - Human Resources Development - International Relations - Public Relations - Business and Management- Marketing - Diplomatic Studies - Total Quality Management - Journalism & MediaFeatures- American certificate - Soft payments - Quick study - No graduate paper required - Six Research courses for each program - Study in the comfort of your home.Limited-time offer .Tution Includes the registration fee and the US State Department Authentication.Read more >> $2950 Enroll Now E-Mail SEND US AN EMAIL Student Page ENTER YOUR WEBPAGE HERE ENROLL NOW APPLICATION FOR ADMISSION Registered Agent InCorp, 3773 Howard Hughes Pkwy - Suite 500s, Las Vegas, USA. Contacts Email: admin@aiaiedu.orgPresident, UAE:Whatsapp: +971567222340 Links Human Development ExpertsUniversal Studies AcademyBoard of Internationl Trainers in AmericaControl Panel (admin Only) © Copyright 2009-2022 American International Academy - All Rights Reserved