Discover Tila Lake | Tolulope Kode Discover Tila Lake | Tolulope Kode Skip to content tolulope kode Home About Blog Contact Home About Blog Contact available Now TILA LAKE Madika dreams of recreating a once beautiful lake. Faced with a world strangled by an oppressive and corrupt government, she struggles to trace the clues from the past to begin the healing process. However, her research unearths long-buried secrets. The soil scientist discovers relics in a tomb that mimics a bird creature thought dead long ago. But when the bird creature appears from a mound, creating a perimeter about the lake, it prevents Madika from coming any closer. Madika reads the patterns on the lake as it reflects her past sojourn. It is like the writings of a hand spanning centuries. The writings echo within her—and resonate. Her unrest is evident. She seeks solace but must go into hiding until she can hide no more. Order On Troubador Order On WHSmith A woman who stood out in her quest… Madika dreams of recreating a once beautiful lake. Faced with a world strangled by an oppressive and corrupt government, she struggles to trace the clues from the past to begin the healing process. However, her research unearths long-buried secrets. The soil scientist discovers relics in a tomb that mimics a bird creature thought dead long ago. But when the bird creature appears from a mound, creating a perimeter about the lake, it prevents Madika from coming any closer. Madika reads the patterns on the lake as it reflects her past sojourn. It is like the writings of a hand spanning centuries. The writings echo within her—and resonate. Her unrest is evident. She seeks solace but must go into hiding until she can hide no more. Meet the Author Tolulope Kode was inspired to write on Tila Lake during his National Youth Service Corps in Biu, Nigeria, when he visited Biu Palace. He relocated to the UK for his MSc/PhD degree program. During his time in Scotland he delved into postmodernism and history. Tila Lake is his first novel. He lives in Scotland. Tolulope Kode Contact Me Feel free to ask me any questions, I will respond to you as soon as possible! Get In Touch Contact@tolulopekode.com Send Stay Up-to-Date with Tolulope Kode Subscribe Home About Contact Home About Blog Contact Home About Blog Contact Facebook Twitter Youtube © 2023 tolulopekode.com All Rights Reserved Scroll to Top