Massage and Spa at Calangute Skip to content Home About Services Testimonials Contact Main Menu Home Welcome to Spa @ GOA Rejuvenated Body & Soul We are a team of passionate massage therapists and spa professionals who believe that everyone deserves to experience the healing power of touch. We started this company because we wanted to create a space where people could come to relax, rejuvenate, and reconnect with themselves. Allow your body, mind and soul sense a haven of tranquility Our Story We were founded in 2023 by two friends who were both passionate about massage therapy. We knew that there was a growing demand for massage and spa services, and we wanted to create a company that would offer the highest quality treatments in a welcoming and luxurious environment. Our Mission Our mission is to provide our clients with the highest quality massage and spa services in a warm and inviting environment. We believe that massage and spa treatments can have a profound impact on people's physical and emotional well-being, and we are committed to providing our clients with the best possible experience. Our Values Excellence: We believe in providing the highest quality massage & spa treatments along with professional and respectful service.Personalization: We believe that every client is unique & we strive to create a personalized treatment for each individual.Intimacy: We believe that the massage and spa treatments is intimate experience, & we create a space where our clients can feel safe and comfortable. 0 Experts 0 + Happy Clients 0 + Offers 0 Private Rooms Our Services Spa - Massage The Best of Our Services We provide the highest quality massage and spa treatments to our clients.The spa has everything from traditional Ayurvedic treatments to international massages.* Qualitative guaranteed services* Flexible & Reliable payment modes Options* Excellent client satisfaction* Competitive prices and ratesThere are a number of massage and spa treatments that we offer. Ayurvedic Massage Massage is based on Ayurvedic principles and pressure points, with the goal of healing the body. Thai Massage In Thai massage or Thai yoga massage, acupressure is combined with Indian Ayurvedic principles. Swedish Massage The elbow and fingers are touched with hard pressure to relax your back and upper body. Balinese Massage Balinese massage is a full-body, deep-tissue, all-encompassing treatment. In this type of massage. Have a Look at Our Other Services Massage Therapy There are a number of massage and spa treatments that we offer as below Aromatherapy The gentle touch of a masseur relaxes your muscles and releases all the pain and muscles issues. Deep-Tissue Make all the muscles stronger by applying light pressure to the back muscles and thighs. Foot Reflexology A foot reflexology specialist uses the reflex point map of the feet to perform foot reflexology massage. Body Massage Therapy Relax with a therapeutic body massage to let your skin breathe so it stays healthy. Couple Massage A couple’s massage is an experience where two people have simultaneous massages. it creates a relaxing and intimate ambiance. Kerala Massage Originated from Kerala. It involves herbal oils and specific techniques to promote relaxation, balance energies & improve overall well-being. CLIENT TESTIMONIALS WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT US? ADARSH Awesome ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ The ambiance, the decor, the music everything was beautifully done and it felt as though I had walked into a spa in Goa. I had a wonderful experience, will visit soon with my family. ANJU Best SPA Experience ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Awesome Body Massages! I visit from time to time. All therapists are experienced, professional, strong, and skillful. They are best massage therapists without a doubt. Highly recommend this body massage to those who are looking for a real treat for the body. Shampy Singh Great Experience ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ I'm a blogger, massage has become my number one favorite way to unwind. I suggest a Thai spa body massage it is going to be one of the best things you do in Calangute!!! The team is an absolute treasure and gem. His massage is superbly talented; I had the best massage of my life on the first day in Goa with my friend. Immediately we decided to come back again for another massage before leaving 3 days later! The receptionist is also a great masseuse! I give 7 stars for this business,! God bless your team💎 RUCHI GOOD ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ Clean room and locker room, prompt, thorough massage, great atmosphere. Single best thing is "Relief of muscle pains" Appointment Want to make booking or have a question? Call us on +91 9101895072 or simply Whatsapp to book an appointment. What Are You Waiting For... Make an appointment We also provide Call and WhatsApp appointments so that you can book your massage therapy over the phone or WhatsApp as well. Our location Calangute - Arpora Rd, Agar Vaddo, Bardez, Khobra Waddo, Arpora, Saligao, Goa 403516 Opening Hours Mon-Fri: 11am-08pmSat-Sun: 10am-10pm Contact Phone: +91 77560 97307 Special Offer 15% Off for New Visitors Are you seeking a rejuvenating escape from the stresses of everyday life? Look no further! Our premium Spa & Massage Center welcomes you with open arms and a fantastic offer: 15% Off for New Visitors. TAG's Best Spa In Calangute Goa Spa Center In Calangute Goa Nearby Spas In Calangute Goa Spa Near Me In Calangute Goa Massage Center In Calangute Goa Massage Near Me In Calangute Goa Unisex Massage Center Calangute Goa Best Body Massage Parlour Calangute Goa TAG's Best Spa In Baga Goa Spa Center In Baga Goa Nearby Spas In Baga Goa Spa Near Me In Baga Goa Massage Center In Baga Goa Massage Near Me In Baga Goa Unisex Massage Center Baga Goa Best Body Massage Parlour Baga Goa TAG's Best Spa In Candolim Goa Spa Center In Candolim Goa Nearby Spas In Candolim Goa Spa Near Me In Candolim Goa Massage Center In Candolim Goa Massage Near Me In Candolim Goa Unisex Massage Center Candolim Goa Best Body Massage Parlour Candolim Goa Copyright © 2024 - SPA @ GOA.