Bridge Compliance – Export Compliance Made Easy: NHPs, Devices, OTCs, Skip to content Home About Us Services Menu Toggle amazon-seller npn-application Contact us Login Main Menu Services Menu Toggle amazzon-seller npn-application About Reviews Why Us Contact Get licensed for the Canadian market today.Get Started Visionary We believe that every product should be safe, effective, and high-quality, and we are dedicated to helping manufacturers achieve this through GMP compliance. Innovative Solutions Bridgecompliance’s innovative solutions help manufacturers stay ahead of the curve and achieve regulatory compliance with ease. Product Licensing Committed to helping our clients obtain the necessary licenses efficiently and effectively, which ensures market access and consumer safety for their products. Industries. We work with you, not for you Nutraceuticals Herbal remedies Personal care products Medical devices Vitamins and minerals Functional foods Ayurvedic products Beauty and skincare Animal health products Top Services. We work with you, not for you View All Regulatory consulting GMP compliance GMP compliance Product registration Amazon-Seller NPN Application Easy Buy Certificates. We work with you, not for you View All Certificate Of Free Sale – Detailed $200 Apply Now International Trade Certificate $200 Apply Now Certificate Of Free Sale $200 Apply Now International Trade Certificate Export Only $200 Apply Now Certificate Of Free Sale Cannabis Products $200 Apply Now International Trade Certificate GMP $200 Apply Now About. WE’RE MORE THAN A REGULAR CONSULTANCY stay ahead of the game,expert natural health product (nhp) consulting compliance solutions. Office Philosophy TeamworkWho we are Bridge Compliance is a top provider of third-party International Trade Certificates and Good Manufacturing Practices Certificates for Natural Health Products. Our Philosophy Bridge Compliance adheres to Health Canada’s standards for natural health products, and cannabis products, providing a rigorous certification process that allows businesses to export and register their products in other markets. Our Perseverance Being the leading association serving the consumer health products industry in Canada, our team stays abreast of the policies and regulations impacting your business to better understand your needs. What Clients Say. We work with you, not for you For the past five years, we have had the pleasure of working with Ram and the BC team. They consistently demonstrate their expertise and professionalism in navigating Health Canada compliance regulations, making them a valuable partner. - Pepsi Co Limited. Latest News. Check out some of our thinking What is an International Trade Certificate? Everything you should know about FDA GRAS Status in 2023 Top 6 questions to ask about FDA Food Facility Registration 2023 What is an International Trade Certificate? Everything you should know about FDA GRAS Status in 2023 Top 6 questions to ask about FDA Food Facility Registration 2023 Make an enquiry Let's Talk +1 416-458-4758 Bridge Compliance, Unit 4 – 2840 Argentia Road, Mississauga, ON, L5N 8G4 +1 416-458-4758 info@bridgecompliance.com 2023 © All Rights Reserved Home About Us Services Contact us Scroll to Top Home pageAbout USServicesContact UsLogin