Home - Fence Gate Repair customer support (469)-224-1779 WORKING TIME MON–SUN: 08:00AM–8:00PM Follow us FollowFollowFollowFollow Home About Gate Gate Fabrication & Design Wrought Iron Fence Panels & Gates Call Entry Gate Repair & Install Electric Gates Gate Installation Gate Repair & Diagnosis services Sliding Gates Residential Gate Services Commercial Gate Services Fences Privacy Fence Chain Link Fences Custom Fences Wrought Iron Fence Panels T-Post Fence Other Gate Access Control Gate Intercom Systems Past Projects Service Areas Arlington Azle Carrollton Cedar Hill Cleburne Colleyville Coppell Dallas Denton DeSoto Duncanville Euless Farmers Branch Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Haltom City Hurst Irving Keller Lewisville Mckinney Mesquite Plano Prosper Richardson Roanoke Rowlett Southlake Wylie FREE QUOTE Home About Gate Gate Fabrication & Design Wrought Iron Fence Panels & Gates Call Entry Gate Repair & Install Electric Gates Gate Installation Gate Repair & Diagnosis services Sliding Gates Residential Gate Services Commercial Gate Services Fences Privacy Fence Chain Link Fences Custom Fences Wrought Iron Fence Panels T-Post Fence Other Gate Access Control Gate Intercom Systems Past Projects Service Areas Arlington Azle Carrollton Cedar Hill Cleburne Colleyville Coppell Dallas Denton DeSoto Duncanville Euless Farmers Branch Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Haltom City Hurst Irving Keller Lewisville Mckinney Mesquite Plano Prosper Richardson Roanoke Rowlett Southlake Wylie Fence Gate Repair Services: #1 Gate Repair Company in DFW, TX The importance of hiring professionals for fence and gate repair cannot be overstated. A well-maintained fence not only provides security and privacy for your home or business but can also enhance the curb appeal of your property. Contact Us We build automatic gates and fences for your home & business! A properly functioning gate is essential for keeping your property safe and secure. When choosing a professional in DFW to repair your fence or gate, it is important to select someone who is experienced and knowledgeable. Fence Gate Repair Services has a combined experience of more than 30 years. We always ensure that whatever job we undertake is done correctly and that your fence or gate is returned to its original condition. Call us today to set up an appointment so that we can take a look at your gate or fence and come up with an effective and budget-friendly solution. 01 Automatic gates Fence Gate Repair Services has been in the business of installing and repairing automatic gates for over 30 years. Read more 02 Access Control System We are a trusted name in the industry when it comes to installing and repairing access control systems. Read more 03 Steel Fence Installation Fence Gate Repair Services takes pride in its ability to install steel fences quickly and efficiently. Read more ENQUIRE NOW FOR A CUSTOM QUOTE (07) 2102 6536 Popular services we offer: View All Services 1. Automatic gates We pride ourselves on our quality workmanship and customer service. Our technicians understand that your automatic gate is an important part of your security system, and we’re here to help you keep it in top working condition. We offer a wide range of services, from installation to repair and maintenance. You can take a look at some of the automatic gates at our workshop. We have both sliding gates and those that roll up. Depending on the material you choose, the final price will change. We will provide a cost-effective solution to ensure that you don’t have to break the bank to install an automatic gate on your property. 2. Access control system Our team of highly trained and experienced technicians is able to provide our clients with the highest quality of service. We know how crucial security is for properties, especially in recent times and our access control systems are designed to give our clients the peace of mind that their premises are safe and secure. You will find a wide range of access control systems, from simple keypad entry systems to more sophisticated fingerprint and biometric systems at Fence Gate Repair Services. We also offer a variety of repair and maintenance services, so that our clients can be confident that their access control system is always in good working order. If you are in need of an access control system, or if you have any questions about our services, please do not hesitate to contact us. 3. Steel fence installation Fence Gate Repair Services takes pride in its ability to install steel fences quickly and efficiently. Our team of experienced professionals has installed thousands of feet of fencing, and we are confident that we can handle any installation job. Here is a brief overview of our process: We start by setting the posts in concrete, making sure they are straight and level. Then we attach the rails to the posts, using either brackets or welding. finally, we connect the pickets to the rails, again using either brackets or welding. We take care to space the pickets evenly, and to make sure they are all level. Throughout the process, we pay close attention to detail to ensure that the fence was installed properly. We also took care to clean up the job site when we were finished. As a result, our customers are always happy with the final product. 4. Gate repairs Gates are an important part of any security system, and they should be regularly inspected to ensure that they are functioning properly. If a gate is damaged, it is important to repair it as soon as possible to avoid compromising the security of the property. That’s why we offer a wide range of gate repair services to suit your needs. Whether you need a new hinge or latch, or your existing ones need to be repaired or replaced, our team of experts will be able to get the job done quickly and efficiently. We also offer a variety of gate opener repair services, including repairs for electric motors, chain drives, and more. No matter what type of gate repair you need, you can count on Fence Gate Repair Services to get the job done right. 5. Featured fence repair Depending on the type of fence you have, the repair process will vary. We’ll go over how to repair a picket fence, which is a common type of fence used in residential settings. First, we will remove the damaged picket. We usually use a pry bar to gently remove the nails or screws holding it in place. Once the picket is removed, we will measure the opening to make sure we get a replacement that’s the same size. If the damage is just cosmetic, we can simply sand down the picket and paint or stain it to match the rest of the fence. However, if the picket is cracked or splintered, we may need to replace it with a new one. To do this, we will line up the new picket with the opening and secure it in place with nails or screws. Once all of the pickets are repaired, your fence will be as good as new! Why Choose Us? Family-owned and Operated Company with Over 30+ years of Combined Experience When it comes to choosing a company to repair or replace your home’s gate or fence, you want to make sure you’re getting the best possible service. Fence Gate Repair Services is an honest and hard-working, family-owned and operated company with over 30+ years of combined experience. We’re also committed to customer satisfaction, so you can rest assured that we’ll work with you to find the best solution for your needs. In addition, we offer competitive pricing so that you don’t have to think about spending a fortune if you want to install a gate or fence. Most imp[ortantly, we are a fully licensed and bonded company. This means you don’t have to worry if there is any accident at work. book your appointment with us! Our Accomplishments Previous Gate Projects We’re providing the best quality services We are dedicated to providing our clients in DFW, TX with quality services that meet their needs and exceed their expectations. Access Control System Installed Automatic Gates Repaired Featured Fence Repair Steel Fence Installed Request a free quote: Contact us today at (07) 2102 6536 to learn more about our services or to schedule a consultation! First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Subject Message Request now Our Accomplishments Testimonials from real clients Our team of experts is here to help you choose the perfect fence or gate for your home or business, and we will work with you every step of the way to ensure that your experience is positive and hassle-free. Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Name Goes Here Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Name Goes Here Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Content settings. You can also style every aspect of this content in the module Design settings and even apply custom CSS to this text in the module Advanced settings. Quick Links Home About Services Service Areas Gallery Blog Testimonials Contact Contact Us Email: info@fencegaterepair.com Phone: (469)-224-1779ABN: 40 636 603 640 Our Location © 2022 Fence Gate Repair. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Site by Reformed Box Web Design