Best Test Tube Baby Centre in Kanpur - Ishita Fertility Centre 9415126208 Ishita IVF Call us for any question +91-941 512 6208 Pandu Nagar, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh Office Hour: 11:00am - 03:00pm info@ishitaivf.com Home About Ishita IVF Why Ishita IVF Our Blogs Our Services IVF Test Tube Baby iui Laparoscopy ICSI Hysteroscopy Gynecology HSG Test Male Infertility Donor program Female Infertility Endomeriosis Contact Us Sunglasses 25.00$ Vitamin D-3 25.00$ Total 36.89$ Check out MAKE AN APPOINTMENT Previous Next our mission Our mission is to care for patients,families, communities, and one another who we are IVF centrein Kanpur Ishita IVF (Ishita Infertility Centre) is a specialty fertility clinic that has centre at Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh in India. We also stand as one of the best IVF centre. Our IVF specialist, cutting edge technology interfaces, affordable fertility solutions, and the trust and co-operation of our patients have helped us turn the dream of parenthood of many couples into a reality. Ishita IVF is an industry leader with a benchmark excellent success rate across all its fertility centres. read more See the Difference Why Choose Us? 01 Patient-Centred While our team brings important experience and knowledge, we know that each patient is the expert in their own life 02 Comprehensive We offer comprehensive health care focusing on the whole person, at all ages and stages of life 03 New Technology We have flexible hours and are open on certain evenings and during the weekend, to accommodate your schedule 04 8 years experience While our team brings important experience and knowledge, we know that each patient is the expert in their own life Online Appointmentsand Prescriptions 8 Yrs For over 8 years, we have delighted our customers and provide them with the necessary services 100% Happy Clients Absolutely all our clients are ready to assure you of the high quality of our services REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT our Services In vitro fertilization Health Help Centre providesthe following healthcare Services: Fallopian tube damage or blockage Ovulation disorders Endometriosis Uterine fibroids Previous tubal sterilization or removal Impaired sperm production or function Test Tube Baby You should fell your best no matterthe season: Stimulation Egg Retrieval Insemination Culture of the embryo Transfer Ganecology A lifestyle of holistic wellness rewardsyou with enhanced health: Fetal Scans 3D & 4D Fetal Scans Intrauterine Procedures Fetal Therapy Genetic Services Gynaecology Scanning Questions and answers 1.We have heard Egg collection Process is painful. Is it true? The procedure is not painful as it is done under light sedation, but may cause mild discomfort. At our clinic, we use mild anesthesia administered through an IV route which relieves discomfort. 2.What is the success rate of IVF? Success rates strongly depend on the age of the patient, their condition, medical history and the treatment used. Ishita IVF has a record success rate which ranges between 70- 74%. However by leveraging advanced technology and standardising the procedures, we are constantly working towards improving the IVF success rates. 3.When should I opt for IVF? The IVF procedure can be prescribed in cases where the other fertility treatments have failed, or if the chances of a successful pregnancy are higher with this method than with any other treatment. If there are no contraindications, the procedure can be carried out simply at the request of the couple by considering that precise time as the right time for IVF. 4.In which cases, IVF is performed? Tubal-peritoneal factor- Violation of the patency of the fallopian tubes leads to the fact that the egg cannot penetrate into the uterine cavity. In this case, you can either try to restore patency using a surgical laparoscopic operation or perform IVF and implant an already developing embryo into the uterine cavity. ASK QUESTION our TESTIMONIALS I am very impressed with you all as well as being bighly proficient is aabsoulutely adoreble. I feel so relaxed in her capable hands and hope to be her patient for a very long time! You are a fantastic team and I feel very privileged to come to you all Abhijeet Singh I am very impressed with you all as well as being bighly proficient is aabsoulutely adoreble. I feel so relaxed in her capable hands and hope to be her patient for a very long time! You are a fantastic team and I feel very privileged to come to you all Sunil Kumar I am very impressed with you all as well as being bighly proficient is aabsoulutely adoreble. I feel so relaxed in her capable hands and hope to be her patient for a very long time! You are a fantastic team and I feel very privileged to come to you all Sunanda Mishra I am very impressed with you all as well as being bighly proficient is aabsoulutely adoreble. I feel so relaxed in her capable hands and hope to be her patient for a very long time! You are a fantastic team and I feel very privileged to come to you all Savitri Khare 24 Hour Emergency Open round the clock for conve-nience, quick and easy access Complate Lab Services Cost-efficient, comprehensive and clinical laboratory services Medical Professionals Qualified and certified physicians for qulity medical care EMERGENCY CALL: +91-941 512 6208 Our Specialist Dr. Sangeeta Ahuja MBBS ,MD (Gynaecologist & Infertility specialist) Mon-Thu11:00 AM-3:00 PM Friday11:00 AM-3:00 PM Saturday11:00 AM-3:00 PM Booking a visit Contacts +91-941 512 6208 +91-941 512 6208 Pandu Nagar, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh Get directions on the map inbox@ishitaivf.com Opening hours Mon - Tue11:00 AM-3:00 PM Wed - Thu11:00 AM-3:00 PM Friday11:00 AM-3:00 PM Saturday11:00 AM-3:00 PM SundayClosed Subscribe To receive email releases, simply provide us with your email address below. * Personal data will be encrypted Useful links Home About Us Why Ishita IVF Our Blogs Our Services Contact Us Copyright © 2023 Ishita IVF | Privacy Policy Designed & Developed by Pin Drop Creators × search × Make an appointment Name * Email * Phone * send ×