Dr. David Dalin, Author, Rabbi & Scholar | Rabbi David Dalin – Author, Speaker, Historian MenuHomeAboutBooksPublished Articles & Book ChaptersSpeaking EngagementsTestimonialsBook BlurbsContact Dr. David Dalin, Rabbi, Scholar, Author & Speaker Dr. David Dalin, Senior Research Fellow at Brandeis University, is an ordained rabbi and widely published scholar of American Jewish history. Dalin is the author or co-author of 12 books, including Religion and State in the American Jewish Experience (co-authored with Prof. Jonathan D. Sarna). His latest book, Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court, from Brandeis to Kagan, is available now from Brandeis University Press (BUY HERE). This nationally-acclaimed book was selected as a Finalist for the Jewish Book Council’s 2017 National Jewish Book Award. This book is the first history of the eight men and women who have served or currently serve on the United States Supreme Court. Dr. David Dalin has taught Jewish studies at several universities and has served as a visiting professor at George Washington University and at the Jewish Theological Seminary. Dr. Dalin has also served as the Taube Research Fellow in American History at Stanford University, and as a Visiting Fellow at the James Madison Program in American Ideals and Institutions at Princeton University. A well-known lecturer, he has been a featured speaker or a scholar-in-residence at universities, synagogues and Jewish communal institutions throughout the United States and in Europe and Israel. *Dr. David Dalin is based in Boca Raton, Florida C-Span Interview with Brian Lamb: Rabbi and historian David Dalin discusses his book Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court, in which he examines the lives and legacies of the eight Jews who have served on the court: Louis Brandeis, Benjamin Cardozo, Felix Frankfurter, Arthur Goldberg, Abe Fortas, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and Elena Kagan. “I thought I knew a lot about the Supreme Court’s eight Jewish justices, since I have known six of them personally. But I learned so much more from David Dalin’s brilliant and readable account of their very different lives and connections to their Jewish heritage. A must read for anyone interested in Jewish, American or legal history.” Alan Dershowitz, Felix Frankfurter Professor of Law, Emeritus, Harvard Law School and author of Taking the Stand: My Life in the Law News Dr. David Dalin's new book is now available on Amazon. Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court: From Brandeis to Kagan (Brandeis Series in American Jewish History, Culture, and Life) Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court examines the lives, legal careers, and Jewish legacies of the eight Jews who have served or who currently serve as justices of the U.S. Supreme Court: Louis D. Brandeis, Benjamin Cardozo, Felix Frankfurter, Arthur Goldberg, Abe Fortas, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer, and Elena Kagan. David Dalin discusses the relationship that these Jewish justices have had with the presidents who appointed them and examines the antisemitism some of the justices encountered in their ascent within the legal profession before their appointment, as well as the role that antisemitism played in their attendant political debates and Senate confirmation battles. Upcoming Speaking Events Providence, Rhode Island- March 22, 2023, 6:30 p.m. - Talk on "Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court," and book signing following talk, at the Jewish Alliance of Greater Rhode Island. Recent Speaking Events Berkshires - Zoom lecture on "Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court," at the Jewish Federation of the Berkshires. Naples, Florida - Lecture on "Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court," at Naples Jewish Community Relations Council's Day of Learning program. Lincoln, Nebraska - I gave the Judge Norman Krivosha Memorial Lecture at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln, Nebraska, on "Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court". Deerfield Beach, Florida - Lecture at the Young Israel Synagogue of Deerfield Beach, on "Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court." Temple Beth Kodesh in Boynton Beach, Florida - "The Life and Legacy of Ruth Bader Ginsburg" Colby College, Waterville, Maine – Talk on “Louis D. Brandeis and American Zionism” Jewish Community Alliance, Portland, Maine – Talk on “Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court,” and Book Signing Congregation Beth El, Bangor, Maine - Talk on “The Presidents of the United States and the Jews: From FDR to Donald Trump” Congregation Beth Israel, Bangor, Maine – Talk on “Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court”. The Society of the Four Arts, Palm Beach, Florida – Talk on “Jewish Justices of the Supreme Court,” and Book Signing. ©2024 Rabbi David Dalin – Author, Speaker, Historian Designed by Access Technology