Research Home News About Village History Profiles of Village Organizational Structure Cultural Organizational Criticism and Suggestions Village Demographics Common Data Collection of Data Data Financial Data Institutional Data Trantib and Disaster Gallery Documentation Activities Documentation Collection of Potential Files Superior Products Assilulu UKM Welcome to Assilulu State Assilulu State Government OfficeAssilulu State Government Organizer Center of An-Nur Mosque Mosque State Assilulu House of Raja Raja Raja State Assilulu Pier Baileo State Hum Hala Baileo or traditional house of Tiga Tourism Nusa Hatala Senja Tigan Tigan Tigan Island Tiga Pamahanunusa Government of Central Maluku Regency Welcome to the websiteOfficial Assilulu State, Leihitu District, Central Maluku Regency.Communication and information media from the state government to the entire community.Development of Nusa Hatala Pulau Tiga Assilulu Assilulu Tourism DestinationBut from village to city.Creative and innovative tourist attractions by chanting ... Read more ... July 26, 2021 12:07:17 Admin Assilulu Pemneg 551 Local Potential of the State of Assilulu State Development in 2021 Assilulu,- With the enactment of the Minister of Village Regulation, Disadvantaged Regions Development,and Transmigration of the Republic of Indonesia Number 13 of 2020 concerning the Priority of the Use of Village Funds in 2021, all villages or countries plan and realize the village development program ... Read more .. July 8, 2021 13:07:49 Admin Pemneg Assilulu 646 Development of People's Gardens by the GovernmentAssilulu State Assilulu,- The Assilulu State Government through the Village Development Activities Implementation Team (TPKPD) began implementing the realization of the State Forest Management Program (People's Garden Development).ADALA PEOPLE'S GARDENING PROGRAM ... Read more ... July 8, 2021 12:07:32 Admin Assilulu Pemneg 457 Saniri Negeri Set the Candidate of Assilulu Assilulu State King, Monday (6/28/2021) at the Assilulu State Government Office, Saniri Negeri AssiluluConduct a plenary meeting of discussion and determination of Candidates for King of Assilulu Country based on the results of the recommendation of the Parentah Ely Lumahatu Parentah Rumah Deliberation who recommended Pahlefy Ely as a candidate for the King of Assilulu that has been included by Matarumah Ely Lumaha ... Read more .. 07 July 2021 11:07:01Admin Pemneg Assilulu 6574 Apparatus Desa Rahmat Ely Pj.Head of State Government Ali Mahulette State Secretary Wahyudi Abd Ely Head of Welfare Section Rahmat Indra Mahulette Head of Zulkifli Service Section M Mahulette Head of Financial Affairs Andi Henaulu Head of General Affairs Hapsa Fitri Polanunu Head of Graphic Info Planning Update 09 July 2021 Update 09 July 2021 Update 09 July 2021Update July 9, 2021 Update July 9, 2021 General News News Category (0) Regional News (0) Village News (4) Popular News Saniri Negeri Step King of Assilulu Assilulu State King, Monday (6/28/2021) at the Assilulu State Government Office,Saniri Negeri Assilulu held a documentation meeting all photos of the video See the picture yes .. More ... see the picture of the Cycle Cycle Development Planning Cycle .. More ... See Assilulu APBNEG Pictures T.A 2021 Board T ... More ... see the picture of the Realization Report of the APBNEG T.A 2020Board t .. more ... click 2 times to watch the charm of the underwater island of Tiga Assilulu Pulau Tiga ... more ... click 2 times to watch the Central Maluku Disdukcapil service in the Assilulu Disdukcapi country .. More ... Vision "makes the Assilulu country as a countryThe dignity, dignity, Pancasilais and religious and as a center for fisheries, marine, tourism and agriculture production in Central Maluku Regency "Mission Based on the above vision, the Assilulu State Development Mission can be compiled in 2019 - 2024 is as follows: Preserving Local Wisdom (LocalWisdom) which is an ancestral heritage.Creating a safe and peaceful atmosphere of the country.Improve formal education infrastructure and non -formal education.Increase the economic business of the agricultural and marine sector.Increase Human Resources (HR) Based on Natural Resources (SDA).Increase community participation and community institutions in the development of the country.Empowering the community in managing state -owned businesses.Strengthening the Implementation of State Government.Moto "Hiti Hala Building the Country" © PMCode YD - All Right Reserved