Home | Jethiba K. Patel Arts College and B.A. Patel and D.B. Vyas Commerce College COLLEGE CODE : 043 (UNI) 277 (GRANT) ZONE CODE : 93 RTI ACT | Anti Ragging | OSA | Feedback | IQAC | Academic Calender +91 02734222323 xyz@gmail.com Menu Home About Us History Principal Desk Management Committee Code of Conduct HNGU Handbook Programme Bachelor of Arts(U.G.) Principal Subject Economics Sanskrit Gujarati Home Science Subsidiary Subject Cooperation Sociology Bachelor of Commerce(U.G.) Principal Subject Advanced Accountancy Subsidiary Subject Secretarial Practice Computer Application Master of Arts(P.G.) Economics Gujarati Master of Commerce(P.G.) Advanced Accountancy PO-PSO-CO Student Corner Admission Library About Library Digital Library Research Centre Code of Ethics Research and IPR Research Policy Fee Structure Examination Schedule Old Papers Scholarship General Scholarship Minority Scholarship Scope E-Learning University Syllabus Result Old Question Paper Roll No Faculty Activities AQAR NSS NCC Saptdhara Udisha / Placement cell Sports Extra & Co Curricular Research Gallery Achievements Accreditation and Ranking Social Responsibilities Awards / Medals Sports Naac Contact Us WELCOME TO Shri JETHIBA K. PATEL ARTS COLLEGE & B.A. PATEL & D.B. VYAS COMMERCE COLLEGE Let knowledge increase, let life be perfected. WELCOME TO JETHIBA K. PATEL ARTS COLLEGE & B.A. PATEL & D.B. VYAS COMMERCE COLLEGE Let knowledge increase, let life be perfected. WELCOME TO JETHIBA K. PATEL ARTS COLLEGE & B.A. PATEL & D.B. VYAS COMMERCE COLLEGE Let knowledge increase, let life be perfected. Excellent Lab The most advanced lab facilities are available for academic, research and industrial purpose. Books & library Library with wide range of books to meet the educational needs of students & Faculty. Expert Teacher Most Experienced, Expert, Trained and Skilled Faculties available for helping students. Certification Chanasma College offers various graduate courses as well as Post Graduate courses. NEWS NOTICE BOARD EVENTS ABOUT US Welcome To J.K Patel Arts And Commerce College Chanasma’s origin can be known by its literature and stone-inscriptions. There is Ahirvadi, Goliya, Vasundhra, Rani well, and Mochi-well that witness the old history of chanasma. It is considered that it has a thousand years’ outline of its history. In the ancient time, the village had ten groups of families belonging to various castes. It has risen up to 1700 families till now, during the course of time. The major member of families among Twenty Thousand’s population is of kadava patidar (Caste). The rest are from various castes like Brahmin, Jain, Harijan and other backword classes. Some of the families have settled down in abroad. A Villager of chanasma, Shri Manibhai Purushottamdas Patel had sacrificed his life for nation during ‘Quit India Movement of 1942′ and became a martyr at Adas on 18th August, 1942. Chanasma has various academic institutions right from pre-primary to Higher and technical education. There are government Hospital, General Hospital, and maternity Home. There are also two public dinning-halls... Read More >> Our Mission The Holistic develoment of the rural youth of area. To make good quality higher education within the reach of the common people of Idar town and the many surrounding villages in the region and to ensure that the education imparted would not only enrich the students’ knowledge but also instil discipline... Our Vision To achieve excellence in higher education through sincere efforts of all concerned stakeholders. To provide the necessary infrastructure and other supporting facilities to achieve the vision of the Institution and also to review, revise and update the existing facilities and systems periodically to match the demands and needs of the changing times. Our Goal To make available higher education to the students of Idar town, taluka and other adjoining talukas at affordable cost. To instil good discipline and help all round development of the students. To make the students aware of their social obligations by conducting various extension activities.... OUR MAIN COURSES The college offer UG & PG level education at bachelor and master of Arts And Commerce degree. Duration of UG & PG are 3 years & 2 years respectively. Generally classes are known as Diploma,Masters And Graduates . Bachelor Of Arts (UG) 24 Reviews Bachelor Of Arts is a three year full time course in Arts and the related subjects. Course Time 3 Year Course Student 1071 Class Duration 7.50 am - 12.50 pm Bachelor Of Commerce (UG) 26 Reviews Bachelor Of Commerce is a three year course in Arts and the related subjects. Course Time 3 Year Course Student 102 Class Duration 7.50 am - 12.50 pm Bachelor Of Vocational 33 Reviews Bachelor Of Vocational is a three year course in Arts and the related subjects. Course Time 3 Year Course Student 98 Class Duration 8:30-4:00 Diploma Of Banking 63 Reviews Diploma Of Banking is a three year course in Arts and the related subjects. Course Time 3 Year Course Student 63 Class Duration 8:30-4:00 GST,Accounting And Tally 89 Reviews GST,Accounting And Tally is a three year course related subjects. Course Time 3 Year Course Student 135 Class Duration 8:30-4:00 Tourism And Hospitality 28 Reviews Tourism And Hospitality is a three year full time course related subjects. Course Time 3 Year Course Student 120 Class Duration 8:30-4:00 Master Of Arts (PG) 39 Reviews Master Of Arts is a Two year course in Arts and the related subjects. Course Time 2 Year Course Student 220 Class Duration 1.00 pm - 3.00 pm Master Of Commerce (PG) 52 Reviews Master Of Commerce is a Two year course in Arts and the related subjects. Course Time 2 Year Course Student 242 Class Duration 1.00 pm - 3.00 pm Principal Message On the behalf of management, staff and students, I welcome you to our web portal. Our college is a one of three single faculty of science colleges of the Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University, Patan accredited by NAAC, catering UG and P.G. level science education among 525 stake holders. We organize various activities and programmed to cope up with the vision and mission by various committees of our faculty members. We have sufficient infrastructure with the requirement along with teaching and learning resources at our library, computer center, language laboratory,.... Read more 17 PROFESSORS 4 LABORATORIES 12 CLASS ROOMS 1635 STUDENTS PHOTO GALLERY WHAT STUDENT SAYS Hitesh R. Sondarva Master of Science World in one Place” is not only a slogan but lived reality. The multicultural environment that is unique to college provides me with the opportunity to become friends with people from all different places. Patel Harsh P. Bachelor of Science I have found that the method of teaching is different from the one I am used to. Idar college makes sure that the student is comfortable and progressing well in the studies and their life. Soni Rahul M. Master of Science. I have found that the method of teaching is different from the one I am used to. Idar college makes sure that the student is comfortable and progressing well in the studies and their life. Hostel Cafeteria Auditorium IT Infrastructure CONTACT INFORMATION +91 USEFUL LINKS Home About Faculty Gallery Notice Contact QUICK CONTACT Email has been sent successfully. Email could not be sent due to some Unexpected Error. Please Try Again later. Send Message OPENING HOURS Mon - Sat : 7.30 am - 1.00 pm (For UG) Mon - Sat : 1.00 pm - 3.00 pm (For PG) Sun : Closed Copyright © www.jkpatelacc.org . All Rights Reserved Visitor Count : Design by SysTrack Solution