Acoustimac | Acoustic Panels, Bass Traps and Soundproofing Materials The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. Links Compare () Acoustimac Knowledge Center Articles Sign In Contact UsCreate an Account | Toggle Nav Advanced Search Search CALL US NOW 888-827-1266 Cart 0 Shopping Cart Menu HOME Browse Our Products Acoustic Panels Custom Size Acoustic Panels AcousticART Panels Bass Traps Go-Booths and Free-Standing Modules Acoustical Room Package Deals Acoustic Wall Design Packs Acoustic Materials DIY Acoustic Panel Frames and Kits Installation Hardware Acoustic Insulation Fire Rated Acoustic Fabric Soundproofing Materials Soundproofing Mass Loaded Vinyl Custom Soundproofing Panels SPECIALS GET SAMPLES Knowledge Center Freqenly Asked Questions (FAQ) Acoustic Panels and Installation FAQ Soundproofing FAQ Custom and Stock Printed Art Panels FAQ (AcousticART) Acoustic Terms Glossary Room Coverage Calculator Customer Testimonials and Photos Real World Case Studies Videos and Media Acoustics In Action Store Policy Fabric Color Guide Full Screen Color Guide APPLICATIONS Home Theater Acoustics Studio Acoustics Office Acoustics Restaurant Acoustics Church Acoustics School Acoustics DIY Acoustics ROOM CALCULATOR REVIEWS Product Reviews Facebook Review Google Reviews Case Studies Testimonials and Photos CONTACT Contact Customer Service Contact Technical Support Contact Graphic Design Custom Product Request Acoustimac Dealer Program Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) Account Acoustic Panels with the highest sound absorption at the lowest prices - Click to Read More ▼ We started Acoustimac because as musicians, audiophiles, and dedicated music lovers, we know the importance of acoustical treatment in making the room sound just right. Like you, we were astonished at how expensive treating a room is, that is why we made it our mission to design the most effective sound panels and bass traps, made out of the industry's most highly rated and effective acoustic treatment materials available. We offer the lowest prices around, without sacrificing performance. Hide ▲ Click to Read More About Us▼ Why choose Acoustimac for your acoustic treatment needs? Excellent Build Quality Fast Turnaround BBB A Rating Money-Back Guarantee Handmade in the U.S.A. Free Class-A fire rating Lowest price, Highest quality Widest color variety Eco friendly Materials Free Installation hardware Fast, Affordable shipping Knowledgeable support staff Choose a product category to begin: Acoustic Panels AcousticART Panels Guilford of Maine ECO-CORE Insulation Bass Traps Room Package Deals Acoustic Insulation Soundproofing Executive Collection Infinite Gallery DIY Materials & Hardware Acoustic Baffles Need advice? If you have questions, we have answers. Send us an Email or Call us at 1-888-827-1266. Our consultants are available to offer you advice on how to best treat your project space. Our acoustical materials, panels, bass traps and soundproofing products can work for virtually any application where noise reduction and echo absorption is needed: Sound Control for the most Sophisticated Listeners: Acoustic panels and bass traps can be the most important pieces to a perfect sounding room. Whether it is a Home Theater, Home or Professional Sound Studio, Office or Retail Space, School or College Classroom, Church or Sanctuary, Restaurant, or even your living room, having the right acoustical treatment plays the most important role as to how the room sounds. Without them, the nicest living room can sound like a warehouse, the most ornate church hall, can sound like a tin can, and the most expensive high fidelity system can fall quite short of expected performance. Strategically placing your sound equipment in a room is simply not enough, you still need deploy sound absorption materials in the right places for your space to sound its best. This way, your speakers can produce the quality sound they were meant to produce. You can hire a local company which would cost thousands of dollars, or you can take advantage of the proven, cost effective methods and products we offer. Let us transform your space into a perfect sounding room. All the acoustic materials you need are right here under one roof. Need to determine how many panels you need for your space? You can use our Acoustical Room Coverage Calculator or contact one of our acoustical consultants, to help you make a more informed decision. Variety, Value, Performance: Hundreds of colors to choose from and our selection keeps growing. We also offer custom digital printed artwork on any size acoustic panel or bass trap as big as 8'x4', and in some cases even bigger than that!! Our on-staff graphic designer can help create the look you've been dreaming, of with options such as multi-panel image spanning, staggering, spacing and mapping, nearly infinite design possibilities. We offer the best graphic design support and widest range of possibilities in the industry. All for the best prices, while making no compromise on acoustical performance. So many colors and styles to choose from, and so many custom options, the possibilities are endless! Click Here to View our full selection of fabric colors and styles. Key benefits to acoustic treatment: Prevent standing waves Prevent and Lower Reverb Time Prevent Ringing and flutter Reduce Slap echoes Remove boominess Tighten up bass response Better midrange Better stereo imaging Remove acoustic interference Places that greatly benefit from acoustic treatment: Churches Performance Halls Restaurants and Offices Universities Commercial Theaters Home Theaters and Living Rooms Listening rooms. Dance Studios and Gymnasiums Stores and Retail Spaces Sound Recording Studios Broadcast Studios Schools "> Guilford of Maine Designer Acoustical Panels: Guilford of Maine is among the most known brand names of acoustic fabric. We offer the entire line of FR701 series, as well as three other styles in dozens of colors, or we can special order any Other Guilford of Maine Fabric you need, to match your existing decor. The Egg Crates and Foam Myth: Egg crates simply don't work, and acoustic foam falls way short on performance, specially when compared to Acoustimac's Bass Traps and Acoustical Panels. Our products are far superior because they are made of the highest grade sound insulation cores, which are much better at low-to-mid frequency absorption. Make no mistake about it, sound absorption panels are the best way to improve the sound of your home theater or studio, without spending thousands of dollars on equipment upgrades. Treating 25% to 40% of your walls is sufficient enough and most rooms can be treated for under $1000. Save time and money by selecting from our panels, bass traps and the most proven and popular sound insulation types available such as Owens Corning 703 and 705, Roxul Mineral Wool and our own Acoustimac Eco Core Insulation.We also do Custom Sizes in a wide selection of fabric and styles. Hide ▲ CONTACT INFO ADDRESS: 123 Street Name, City, England PHONE: (123) 456-7890 EMAIL: [email protected] WORKING DAYS/HOURS: Mon - Sun / 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM Facebook Twitter Linkedin Information Knowledge Center About Us Acoustimac Store Policy Online Privacy Policy Warranty, Return & Exchange Policy Secured Shopping Contact Us Customer Service Tech Support Graphic Design Request a Quote for Custom Sizes Dealer Program Follow Us on Social Media Facebook Twitter Instagram Leave us a Review Acoustics In Action Home Theater Studios Offices Restaurants Churches Schools DIY Projects Manage your Account LogIn - Dashboard Logout Register Pay Quote or Invoice Backup Artwork Uploader Address 3906 E 21st Ave Tampa FL 33605 1-888-827-1266 Open a Support Ticket Store Hours: 8AM - 6PM M-F EST. Quality and Performance We stand by our products, guaranteed. BBB A+ Accredited Business Copyright © Acoustimac LLC. All rights reserved. ✉ ☎ × Submit a support Ticket. Please fill the form below and we will respond as soon as possible. Email Subject - Briefly describe your issue Message or Comment Name Email Telephone Priority Normal Elevated Urgent What can we help you with? -- Please Select -- Sales Inquiries Custom Product Development Customer Service and Tech Support Order Status Tracking Info Damages Returns Missing Hardware Dealers Program Signup Acoustic Art Graphic Design Other Internal Let us know how we can help. Please choose from one of the topics on the list, or select 'other' if it's not listed. Order or Quote Number (if applicable) Attach files Max file size: 128 Mb Submit Ticket