Monash Tax Accounting Services Skip to content 03 9548 1699 Book An Appointment Home About Us Team Accounting and Tax Business Advisory Individual and Business compliance Industries Tax Planning and strategies SMSF SMSF Tax and Accounting SMSF Auditing SMSF & Financial Planing SMSF Loans Financial Planning Wealth Creation Wealth Protection Cashflow and Budgeting Retirement planning Estate planning Loans Loan Strategy for Growth Residential and Asset Finance Business and Asset Finance Resources Tips on Video Seminar Blog Testimonials Compliments and Concerns Contact Us Get Peace Of Mind And Growth With Quality Financial Services Talk to us today to find out how we can help you achieve financial goals! Book an appointment Home Loan Services Providing expert taxation advice including structuring ownership of property portfolios Book an appointment Get Peace Of Mind And Growth With Quality Financial Services Talk to us today to find out how we can help you achieve financial goals! Book an appointment Crypto Tax The perfect place for crypto investors and traders to solve their tax-related issues. Book an appointment Tax Checklist 2022-2023 Why Us? Get a solution that delivers more saving, more profits and more freedom Every person is unique and your needs are specific to you. We tailor our services to suit your needs. We then plan to grow and preserve your wealth. We work with you to help you achieve your goals. More growth More protection More freedom More support Let's Talk Area Of Expertise Our Services Accounting and Tax We understand the interconnected nature of business ownership and personal wealth. We bring the two sides of your life together, to make sure your business and personal finances… Read More SMSF A Self-Managed Superannuation Fund (SMSF) can allow you to control your superannuation while also obtaining tax benefits and reduced administration costs. With an SMSF you can… Read More Financial Planning The development of a holistic strategic plan is a critical first step in the wealth creation and wealth management process. Often wealth creation is incorrectly limited to focus… Read More Loan and Mortgage We have access to several lenders. We are able to provide a range of offers to you for your home loan. We structure loans to suit your immediate and long-term requirements… Read More Where Can We Help You Consultancy industries Medical professionals As a medical practitioner, your tax requirements and obligations are more complex than in most professions. Medical practitioners require… Read More IT (Information Technology) Our accountants have an extraordinary understanding of IT industry and service a number of IT consultants and contractor. We support… Read More Business owners (Signage, Spare Parts) We specialise in assisting your business grow and increase your revenue, profits and business value. Our client brief also includes… Read More Construction (Tradies) As specialist advisors, our team has the technical expertise and practical experience in the construction industry. We appreciate the… Read More Cleaning Cleaning company owners have to face some unique challenges while meeting the needs of their physically demanding jobs. We… Read More Accreditation & Certifications Tips on video Done Fast, Done Right About Monash Tax and Monash Wealth We love to work and we love where we work Monash Tax Accounting Services was established in 2002. It is an integrated practice combining accountancy, tax, financial planning, self-managed super funds, and home loan services. We have qualified teams of professionals specialized in different areas. The firm has expanded to provide all these services under one roof. We believe in providing you quality services in a timely and efficient manner. Monash Tax Accounting Services (Credit Representative #412629) is authorized under Australian Credit Licence Number 389328 to provide mortgage services. Read More Testimonials Great savings for our clients Hi Shan, Just wanted to say Thank you for your advice and support. You have a wonderful team. Alice Briffa Shan, thanks for helping us register and set up our company. We are particularly greateful with the speed and accuracy with which your staff were Jo-Han Wong Shan, we are so pleased with the strategy you had recommended for our Self-Managed Super. We also appreciate the tax effective strategies you had suggested Nesan Naidoo View All Talk to us today for a complimentary, no obligation consultation. Get A Complimentary Consultation Useful linksHome About Us Accounting and Tax Financial Planning Loans Privacy Policy Resources Testimonials Team Seminar Compliments Contact Us IndustriesMedical professionals IT (Information Technology) Business owners Construction (Tradies) Cleaning Newsletter sign up Sign Up Contact us Monash Tax Accounting Services Pty Ltd Monash Wealth Pty Ltd Suite 4, 879 Springvale Road, Mulgrave, VIC 3170, Australia 03 9548 1699 0403 458 878 03 9548 1899 info@monashtax.com.au Mon – Fri: 9.00am to 5.30pmSat: 9.30am to 12.00pm Copyright © 2020 Monash Tax Accounting Pty Ltd. | Privacy Policy and Disclaimer | Compliments and Concerns Web design by Intesols Would you like a FREE Consultation? Whether you have questions about doing business or making investments, our experts are here to help. Feel free to send us your details and we will contact you to discuss your needs. Contact Me × Subscribe To our Newsletter Or Call Us On +61 3 9548 1699 CLOSE Please fill below form we will send form in mail CLOSE Google Rating5.0