Ama Food Skip to content Home About Us Testimonials Products Informed Food English Deutsch Slovenščina Menu Home About Us Testimonials Products Informed Food English Deutsch Slovenščina Contact Us Best Choice Free from gluten, sugar and lactose Discover our wholesome granola varieties – free from gluten, sugar, and lactose. Elevate your snacking experience with every nutritious, guilt-free bite. View Products Chocolate Kokos Coconut Choco About Us Crafting Delicious Granola It all started 5 years ago in our home kitchen, when I wanted for the sake of health and well-being change my way of eating. Since breakfast is the most important meal of the day, I wanted to start the new day with healthy muesli or granola. On the market I could not find a product that would satisfy all my desires and needs, so I started researching raw materials and recipes for a product that would consist exclusively of the best healthy and natural ingredients. I wanted to create something best for myself and my loved ones, so I combined 20 years of experience in beverage and food sales through vending machines as well as in food preparation, a strong will, my own experiences and proven special recipes to finally create my first granola. I named it AMA and this is how our brand AMAFOOD was made. With the help of established nutrition experts and nutritionists we are now creating for you healthy food of the highest quality. Enjoy yummy dishe ツ Super Delicious PIZZA Order Now Specials For You ONLY FROM SELECTED NATURAL INGREDIENTS We believe that good food is one that is both delicious and healthy for your body. That is why we have chosen ingredients for Amafood Granola that offer high nutritional value and excellent taste. Kokos DoyPack zip 240 g Coconut Tube 300 g Choco DoyPack zip 240 g All Products Informed Food Very simple. Every food is of the highest quality at its source, in the place where it grows, where it is “informed” only by the sun, water and soil. Such food has an ORIGINAL VIBRATION. Food in the means of vibration is badly affected by: – collection, transport, storage and processing; – barcode reading on the packaging of the finished product in the store. The vibration code protects our food from bad influences and restores its original vibration. Learn More Made with Love WHAT IS GRANOLA The first granola originated in the United States in 1863, and as a healthy food it began to be produced in the 1970s when nuts, seeds, and fruits were added. Granola is a richer food in composition and preparation than muesli, as it is lightly roasted, and muesli is a raw food. Granola is great for a compound meal with foods of plant or animal origin such as yogurt, milk, kefir, protein drink, tea, juice and so on. It is also very tasty as a snack, but can also be used as an addition to sweets. View Products Granola is a nutrient-dense cereal made from oats, nuts, seeds, and sweeteners. It’s a versatile snack, often baked, offering a satisfying blend of flavors and textures. Granola can be customized with various ingredients to suit individual taste preferences and dietary requirements. Nutrient-packed Mix Versatile Snack Customizable Nourishing You WE DON’T HEAL, WE ARE OFFERING YOU A HEALTHY MEAL Too much consumed gluten has a bad impact on the intestinal flora and can lead to gluten intolerance, which causes poor welfare and is, above all, very dangerous for people with coeliac disease. Too much consumed refined sugar, which nowdays can be found in almost all foods, causes overweight that leads to cardiovascular diseases, liver problems, … In Europe, 10 to 15 percent of people suffer from lactose intolerance, and in those over the age of 50 this proportion rises to 40 percent, lactose or milk sugar causes indigestion … You can avoid all of this if you eat foods that do not contain the above mention ingredients and are also vegan. ONE HEALTHY MEAL PER DAY, ONE STEP CLOSER TO HEALTH. Premium Vegan Fare WE ARE A MANUFACTURER OF HIGH QUALITY VEGAN FOOD FREE FROM GLUTEN, SUGAR AND LACTOSE. We manufacture products based on our own development and close cooperation with an experienced team of experts for healthy food. Using natural ingredients and innovative formulas, we managed to achieve the goal: food of the future, healthy food. Nourishing Days" PERFECT MEAL, PERFECT DAY We did the hardest part of preparing your meal, the most beautiful part is left to you. With our products and your imagination, you can create a perfect meal. Amafood products can be prepared with milk or yoghurt (vegan or plain), kephir, smoothie or protein drink, you can also add fresh seasonal or dried fruit, nuts … DO THIS FOR YOURSELF. Carbohydrates: 70% Fiber 25% Healthy Fats: 40% Lovely Memories Our Best Granola Lovers. Sarah Read More "I can't get enough of this granola! It's a guilt-free delight that adds a perfect crunch to my morning yogurt. Truly the best gluten-free option out there." John Read More "As a lactose-intolerant foodie, this granola has been a revelation. It's my go-to snack, and I love how I can use it to elevate my desserts. Five stars!" Fredrik Read More "Delicious, wholesome, and free from sugar - this granola is a game-changer. I enjoy it with my protein drinks and tea. Highly recommended for health-conscious snackers!" 0 Granola Chefs 0 Orders at Hour 0 Family Recipes 0 + Granolas per Day Contact Us Send a Message Send VISITEC d.o.o. Tržaška cesta 65 2000 Maribor Slovenia Contact Us +386 (0) 2 32 01 222 +386 (0) 40 218 581 Email Us www.amafood.eu info@amafood.org Subscribe to our newsletter Email Subscribe Elevate Your Wellness Journey with Our Gluten-Free, Sugar-Free, Lactose-Free Granola – It’s Love in Every Bite! Facebook-f Linkedin Instagram Useful Links About us Our Products Informed Food Testimonials Support Domov O nas Informirana hrana Najpogostejša vprašanja Contact Information Feel free to contact & reach us !! VISITEC d.o.o. Tržaška cesta 65 2000 Maribor +386 (0) 2 32 01 222 info@amafood.org English Deutsch (German) Slovenščina (Slovenian)