Mehrotra Industries About Profile Mission & Vision Quality Assurance Our Products Special Application Logistics Transport Public Utility Mining Application Mobile Petrol Pump Fabrication jobs Certification Gallery Contact Engaged in Body Building and Structural Fabrication for over six decades. Learn More Leading manufacturer in Vehicular Body for Government, Private and Infrastructural Companies. Learn More Start a new business with Mobile Petrol Pump ! Learn More India's Leading Vehicle Body Builders Fabricator We at mehrotra industries have over 5 decades of experience and extremely sensitive to the need of our customer .We offer the best quality at most affordable of price in eastern india .We have 100% compliance with peso/omc provision for fabrication and design and our location in kolkata which enables us exclusively to offer excellent service backup to our customers in eastern india. Over 50 years experience in vehicle body building. Locations in india with access to ports and high way in order to fulfil export and domestic requirements. OUR PRODUCTS We offer vast range of products meeting requirements of logistic, public transport, mining application, municipality applications, Govt’s/ Semi Govt. Services, oil/ refineries transportation and many special application. We also engaged in project fabrication jobs required for infrastructural, railway and Govt. enterprises. SPECIAL APPLICATION LOGISTICS TRANSPORT PUBLIC UTILITY MINING APPLICATION MOBILE PETROL PUMP / Bowser SPECIAL APPLICATION Our R&D Teams are engaged in developing new products to meet to the demand of customers . These products are in lined with new technologies, authenticness and qualities. Mobile Canteen Van Mobile Library Van Prisoner Van Wild Life Rescue Van LOGISTICS TRANSPORT Logistic transport is now playing a important role in economic sector of the nation. Growing needs in this sector is quite adamant. Mehrotra Industries offers a vast gamut of services with extensive in house resources to meet the needs of our client. Bike Carrying Vehicle Car Carrying Vehicle High Deck Load Body Insulated Van Troops Carrier Vehicle Container (8' -32') PUBLIC UTILITY To serve public nation wide we cater vast ranges of products from banking to health requirements. We are also engaged in LPG and Fuel transportation. Ambulance Cash Van Corps Disposal Van Drinking Water Tanker Hearse Van LPG Carrying Vehicle MINING APPLICATION We have a range of product lines for mining application with all capacities. Our clientele is too long in this application and products are being delivered over decades across the country and satisfying customers. Blusting Shelter Doorstep Diesel Delivery Explosive Van Fuel Bowser Mobile Service Van Tipper Water Sprinkler MOBILE PETROL PUMP Petrol transportation now becomes very modernized. We are also delivering mobile dispensing system to cater need of fuel demands with much easier and effective manner. Every single individual can be a part of fuel distribution and ease a handsome pump. 3kl 4kl 6kl Our Brochure MOBILE PETROL PUMP View Brochure MINING APPLICATION View Brochure Looking for a Solution for your Business Needs!! Refresh LET'S CONNECT Close Start a new business by owning a Mobile Petrol Pump! State Andhra Pradesh Andaman and Nicobar Islands Arunachal Pradesh Assam Bihar Chandigarh Chhattisgarh Dadar and Nagar Haveli Daman and Diu Delhi Lakshadweep Puducherry Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Sikkim Tamil Nadu Telangana Tripura Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand West Bengal Are you a petrol pump owner? Yes No Book Your Mobile Petrol Pump Useful Links About Us Our Products Fabrication jobs Certification Gallery FAQ Contact Careers Contact us 34/1, Bonbehari Bose Rd. , Sandhya Bazar, Ramkrishnapur, Howrah, West Bengal. Pincode - 711101. India (Inside Howrah Flour Mill Compound) Land Mark - Jain Vidyalaya +91 9830167303 info@mehrotraindustries.com Social Links Copyright @ 2022 Mehrotra Industries. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions