Home Inspection San Luis Obispo - (805) 464-9667 - Starkehaus Inspections Toggle Navigation Home Services Blog About Us Contact Us (805) 464-9667 San Luis Obispo Home Inspection - StarkeHaus Inspections Welcome to Starkehaus Inspections, a family-owned business dedicated to providing professional home inspection services to Central Coast residents. With over 20 years of experience, we prioritize customer satisfaction, maintaining a professional approach, clean worksites, and safety at every job site. As a licensed and insured home inspection company, we serve San Luis Obispo County and the entire Central Coast region. Get an Estimate Our Mission Starkehaus Inspections is a family owned business that strives to provide Central Coast residents with professional home inspection services. We provide our customers the best inspections possible each and every day, while maintaining a professional attitude, clean worksite, and safe working conditions for both the customer and those performing the duties at the job site. #1 Home Inspection in San Luis Obispo County Looking for a home inspector in the 805? We are a licensed and insured home inspection company in San Luis Obispo County serving the entire Central Coast. I see my main responsibility as, first, identifying which components of a structure are now, or may in the future, be an issue. And second, which, if any, of them have the potential to affect Occupant Safety, the Home’s Value, or even the wisdom of continuing with the purchase. Serving the Central Coast Trusted since 2001 We have been providing reliable and trustworthy home inspections since 2001. Licensed & Insured Rest assured, we are licensed and fully insured for your peace of mind. Customer Satisfaction is Our #1 Priority Locally Owned and Operated As a family-owned business, we care deeply about the Central Coast community and prioritize your satisfaction. Over 22 Years of Professional Home Inspection Experience: Our team has extensive experience in inspecting homes, ensuring no detail goes unnoticed. Why Choose Us? From our inception over a decade ago, our focus has been the customer first. One of the things that I think sets me apart is my personal experience. I have Inspected Homes after earthquakes, fires, floods, collisions and plane crashes. I also have lived since 1993 in a house constructed in 1893 with 6 additions and a new detached 2-story Garage that I designed and built with a Granny Unit in a Flood Zone on a Septic System. If it hasn’t happened to me personally during my ownership, I have seen it in Homes that I have inspected. I have a good grasp of what is or will be a problem and how best to address it. Ready for a free estimate? Call us today! Please say hello! We can't wait to help you inspect your home. Proudly serving all of SLO County: Paso Robles, Atascadero, Templeton, San Luis Obispo, Morro Bay, Los Osos and Cayucos Facebook Twitter Google-plus Contact UsStarkehaus Inspections San Luis Obispo, CA 93401 (805) 464-9667 Our Home Inspection Services​ Our home inspections cover all major components of a property to provide you with a clear understanding of its condition. We inspect the following areas:Structural components (floors, walls, ceilings, stairs)Exterior components (siding, decks, porches)RoofPlumbingHeating and air conditioningMajor appliancesVentilationInsulationFireplaces and wood stovesWindows and doorsAnd much more!Our goal is to identify potential issues that may affect the safety, value, or desirability of the property. We provide impartial information, giving you the facts you need to make informed decisions about your home purchase or your safety. Our Process Thorough Inspection:During the home inspection, we leave no stone unturned. We inspect all accessible areas of the property, from the roof to the foundation, to identify any potential issues or safety concerns.Impartial Reporting:We provide impartial and factual inspection reports, focusing on essential information that you need to know as a home owner or buyer. Our reports include pictures of major systems and notable items, ensuring you have a clear understanding of the property’s condition.Transparent Communication:Our goal is to provide you with the information you need to make confident decisions. We communicate our findings with clarity and answer any questions you may have.Prompt Service:We understand the importance of timely reporting. Our inspection reports are typically available the same day the inspection is performed.Are you ready to receive a thorough and professional home inspection? Contact us today for a free estimate and consultation. Testimonials Excellent Based on 8 reviews Jake Sotomayor 2023-11-06 The inspection was invaluable. Chris allowed me to follow him around and learn from his decades of experience. I highly recommend Starkehaus Inspections to anyone needing an inspection. Mikayla Yeager 2023-08-22 Used Starkehaus for our inspection on our first home and couldn’t be happier! Very thorough and reasonably priced. Quick response as well!! Chelsea King 2023-01-13 Chris is the best home inspector on the Central Coast. As a real estate agent is vital to have a good home inspector. Chris is attention to detail, personable, and our clients love him. Andrew Norman-Roberts 2020-08-07 Chris was very thorough on the inspection he did as part of our escrow process, took the time to peel back the layers and look for the flaws that we over looked as non trained professionals. thorough report sent out same day as the inspection was done Karen Peek 2020-01-18 Chris did a great job for my clients home purchase with easy communication. The home inspection report was thorough and the turnaround time was fast. Definitely recommend! mrs. Hammertime 2020-01-18 Chris is such a nice guy! He was so helpful when we were buying our first house, then again when we sold that house and he inspected the house we are renting just to give us peace of mind (because it was built in the 40's). He's very knowledgeable and if he doesn't know he'll make it a point to find out and get back to you promptly! Highly recommend his services to make your home buying process a breeze! Jim Mills 2020-01-18 Very professional. Delivers reports promptly. Important Things to Remember About Home Inspections The most common defects which are uncovered during a Home Inspection are often directly related to Deferred Maintenance. Very few Homeowners ever go on to the Roof. And if they do, they rarely are looking for current or future problems. There are numerous areas of a Roof which can cause very expensive problems that take time to become obvious but during that span can cause catastrophic damage that often requires removing perfectly suitable materials for repair access. Vent Stacks & Flashing Probably the most often overlooked issue is the seal around Vent Stacks and Flashing. A compromised seal in the area where the Vent passes through the Flashing can admit small amounts of Moisture which will affect the Roof Sheathing and possibly the Roof Structure without ever staining the ceiling. Included in this are also any other penetrations through the Roof System. Roof Inspection The Roof Covering, be it Composite Shingle, Concrete Tile, Metal, etc., is also at risk of deterioration and being the cause of serious damage over time. Roofs don’t last for ever. They are very expensive to repair properly. And, are even more expensive to replace, especially if ignored deterioration has lead to damage in other areas. One area where false economy has lead to costly problems is not installing Rain Gutters. There is a whole host of problems associated with this item. Fascia Boards will be directly subject to constant moisture, even when it is not raining, due to dew draining off the Roof. Collecting the Rain Water for discharge well away from the Structure will also help prevent damage to Siding, Concrete and Landscaping while helping to mitigate damage caused by Expansive Soils in the Footing Area. Moisture Damage In keeping with the Moisture Damage theme for a moment, not sealing joints in Siding and Trim can lead to disastrous Structural damage that is extremely difficult to detect until it is has caused serious problems. Sealing the Outside of the Structure is more than caulking joints. It also involves maintaining a Weather Barrier on the Exterior Surfaces which is typically done with paint. Not only does it make your Home look nice, it also helps it to last longer and keeps out critters! An additional cause of damage/deterioration can be projects undertaken by the Homeowner or unskilled tradesmen lacking the proper skills, knowledge or tools to complete the job. My Father, who was a Building Inspector, never did Electrical work on our House because, as he said, “No one’s House ever burned down because the plumbing leaked”. Truer words were never spoken. Electrical Issues & Faulty Wiring Electrical issues can almost always be traced back to poor execution, improper components and bad judgement. Just because something is sold at the Home Improvement Center doesn’t mean it can or should be used. And, having tools should not be an excuse to undertake a project which requires a Journeyman Tradesman. Knowing your limitations and calling in Professionals could save your life and your home. Need your home inspected? Give us a call! Hours We are open: Monday – Friday 8am – 5pm (805) 464-9667 Trusted Since 2001 Locations We Serve All of SLO County Arroyo Grande Atascadero Cayucos Grover Beach Los Osos Morro Bay Paso Robles Pismo Beach San Luis Obispo Templeton Nipomo Santa Maria Get in Touch! About Us Services Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Blog About Us Blog Contact Us Home Inspection Services Home Inspection Services in Atascadero – Starkehaus Inspections Home Inspection Services Locations Home Inspections Privacy Policy Sitemap Thank You Copyright © 2023 Inspection - Starkehaus Inspection