sbswine Skip to content Home WHY SBS WINE STOCKLIST CONTACT Main Menu HOME WHY SBS WINE STOCKLIST CONTACT TERMS & CONDITIONS Welcome to SBS Wine SBS Fine Wine is an independent Fine wines merchant specialising in Italian Fine Wines and Burgundy. Our Stocklist About SBS Fine Wines Welcome to SBS Fine Wine, where every moment is an invitation to elevate your palate. Whether you’re toasting to milestones or relishing the simple pleasures of life, we invite you to raise a glass to the remarkable, the exceptional, and the artistry that flows from vine to glass.Since 2016 , we’ve been providing discerning collectors with access to the world’s most sought after wines and spirits, first in Italy, then Asia and now throughout Europ… READ more About SBS Fine Wines Welcome to SBS Fine Wine, where every moment is an invitation to elevate your palate. Whether you’re toasting to milestones or relishing the simple pleasures of life, we invite you to raise a glass to the remarkable, the exceptional, and the artistry that flows from vine to glass.Since 2016 , we’ve been providing discerning collectors with access to the world’s most sought after wines and spirits, first in Italy, then Asia and now throughout Europ… READ more Premium Wine Collections Personalized Assistance Secure Payments Fine Wine Collection Secure Wine Packages Premium Wine Collections Personalized Assistance Secure Payments Fine Wine Collection Secure Wine Packages Our Team! The Team of Rare Wine Experts at SBSWine Discover the passionate faces behind rare wines at SBS Wine. Our dedicated specialists are your personal guides in the world of exceptional vinous treasures. Sophie Laurent Director of Rare Wines A seeker of vinous treasures, Sophie is here to guide you towards unique and memorable selections. Alexandre Dubois Elite Wine Advisor Alexandre embodies the elegance and knowledge of rare wines, gracefully exploring aromas and stories of exceptional bottles. Emma Martin Prestige Client Liaison Emma tailors each interaction to offer you personalized experiences, perfectly aligned with your preferences. Our Team!​ The Team of Rare Wine Experts at SBSWine Discover the passionate faces behind rare wines at SBS Wine. Our dedicated specialists are your personal guides in the world of exceptional vinous treasures. Alexandre Dubois Elite Wine Advisor Alexandre embodies the elegance and knowledge of rare wines, gracefully exploring aromas and stories of exceptional bottles. Sophie Laurent Director of Rare Wines A seeker of vinous treasures, Sophie is here to guide you towards unique and memorable selections. Emma Martin Prestige Client Liaison Emma tailors each interaction to offer you personalized experiences, perfectly aligned with your preferences. Contact SBS Fine Wine Newsletter Stay Connected with the World of Extraordinary Wines Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *CommentSubmit AboutHOME WHY SBS WINE STOCKLIST CONTACT TERMS & CONDITIONS Contact: S.b.s. Wine Srl VAT: 01179010051 Trade register number AT - 94488 STRADA CANELLI 116,14055 - COSTIGLIOLE D'ASTI,Italia +39 01 179 010 051 info@sbswine.it Copyright © 2024 sbswine. Powered by sbswine. Scroll to Top Close this module SUBSCRIBESubscribe for exclusive offersSign up for our newsletter and receive updates and exclusive offers that are not available online. EmailEnter your email addressSubscribe