Elisha Jarrett | Official Website Home About me Work Podcasts Book me Home About me Work Podcasts Book me Elisha JarrettNatural Leader! A highly sought-after inspirational speaker who makes numerous corporate and sports related appearances. “Someone once said, ‘a candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.’ So, I make it a point to be that candle for other woman; sharing information, being a listening ear, offering honest input, motivation, and encouragement.” – Elisha Jarrett Elisha Jarrett, CEO and President of Elite Consulting Firm which provides businesses with commercial and residential real estate development expertise, project/construction management, customer service, conflict resolution, training/development and executive contract content assistance; is also Executive Producer and Host of Inside the Shield with Pro Football Moms, a podcast that chronicles the journey of professional athletes and their families. A highly sought-after inspirational speaker who makes numerous corporate and sports related appearances; in addition to that she is the voice of the Procter & Gamble Tackle Everything radio commercials and is often the face of Publix marketing campaigns. A consummate professional with a diverse background Ms. Jarrett has over 25 years of experience in executive leadership, community affairs and legal contract contributions. She is also an active licensed Realtor, but her favorite job by far is being the number one fan and proud mother of NFL, Atlanta Falcons Pro Bowl Defensive Tackle, Grady Jarrett. To inspire other, Ms. Jarrett enjoys sharing her life’s journey. She has long been an advocate for “the people” and continues to maintain strong ties with many organizations throughout the country that focus on community enrichment. She is especially passionate and dedicated to ensuring that historically underserved residents have access to basic resources such as quality healthcare and education, particularly higher education. In her former leadership role at the University level, she made significant contributions to higher education initiatives including but not limited to diversity, advising technology, predictive analytics and professional development. A natural leader Ms. Jarrett has dedicated her life to mentoring, encouraging and being a positive role model for all people. Ms. Jarrett holds several certifications in the areas of law and policy, a Master’s degree in Management and Business as well as Bachelor degrees in both Applied Behavior Science and English Literature. Additionally, Ms. Jarrett serves on various executive committees and numerous community and corporate boards. In addition to her son Grady, Ms. Jarrett is the proud mother of daughters Kamilya and Ashema and “LaLa” to grandchildren, Harmony and Grayson. Originally from Kalamazoo, MI., Ms. Jarrett resides with her family in the Metropolitan Atlanta area. About me People often ask, how did I get where I am? Oh, and it’s not like I am sitting on top of the world or anything, but I am such a long way from where I started. You see there were no silver spoons for me, my story, my truth is one of grit and grind. So, to answer the question of how I got here I need to take you down memory lane to where it all began. If you ever heard the saying “Yes there really is a Kalamazoo”, I can tell you most definitely because I grew up in Kalamazoo, Michigan. I have an identical twin sister and we were the eldest of seven children raised by a single mom who did the best she could with what she had but often time it wasn’t quite enough. Growing up I didn’t know what I wanted out of life, but I knew what I didn’t want and that was the life I was living. It is rather ironic that I am a stickler for continuous learning and growth because education wasn’t a priority in my household… Read more... Work Georgia State UniversityDirector, University Advisement Center Sparks Award Honoree 2021 | Elisha Jarrettt View more... the power of positive summit27 Leading Experts Sharing Strategies on How to Stay Positive, Overcome Challenges & Make a Greater...View more... Apple PodcastsElisha Jarrett: Mom to Grady, raising an NFL player, giving back to the community, dodging NFC South rivalsView more... Atlanta FalconsFor every prospect, the draft can be a roller coaster of emotions. But nobody experienced draft day emotions...View more... AthleticWe have this twice —- let’s replace wire of my INSIDE SHIELD W PRO FOOTBALL MOMS would like to shine...View more... instagramYesterday @gradyjarrett surprised Malakai, a huge football fan, at Bert’s Big Adventure event. View more... Read more... VIDEO Falcons DT Grady Jarrett’s ‘Momma Jarrett’ Speaks on Bond with Son Play Video VIDEO Behind every great NFL player is his… mother! Elisha ‘Momma Jarrett’ has been with her son from the start VIDEO Inside the Shield with Pro Football Moms, Guest: Reverend Sunseria Smith, Mom to Ray Lewis VIDEO Elisha Jarrett ” Tackle Hunger In Rockdale County” VIDEO Getting Real with Grady Jarrett Podcast | Mother’s Day Special Guest Elisha Jarrett Full gallery... Book me Thank you for connecting with Elisha Jarrett. We look forward to speaking with you soon. © Elisha Jarett .2022— All rights reserved. Development by Avalon Sports