Department of Food Science and Technology Home About Programmes Staff Gallery Contact Kwara State University Department of Food Science and Technology Get Started Kwara State University Department of Food Science and Technology Get Started Kwara State University Department of Food Science and Technology Get Started About Our Department Mission/Vision Statement Mission: The mission of the Food Science and Technology department as a part of the Faculty of Agriculture, Kwara State University, is to provide high-quality education and training that prepare our students for leadership positions in the food industry, academia, and government and to meet the requirements of the labour market. Our programmes are designed to equip our graduates with the techniques to develop food products that are healthier, safe, and convenient and with the technical know-how on postharvest handling of perishable agricultural produce. Vision: The Food Science and Technology department aims to become a world-class Centre of Excellence in the field of Food Science and Technology through effective training of students for a career in the food industry, promoting and facilitating research programmes that will enhance the wholesomeness and availability of food and transferring research knowledge to the consumer and the food industry. Brief History Of The Department The Department of Food Science and Technology started in the College of Engineering and Technology as a part of the Department of Food, Agriculture and BioEngoneering (FAB), with Professor Mohammed Gana Yisa as the Head of the Department, and Professor (Mrs.) Beatrice Ade-Omowaye was on Sabbatical Leave to KWASU, as the Head of the Food Science and Technology Programme. Following the advice of the NUC Resource Inspection team in 2014, the Food Science and Technology Programme was separated from FAB and became a full-fledged department in the College of Agriculture and Veterinary Medicine in 2015, under the headship of Professor Omololu Fapojuwo. The programme got Interim accreditation in 2015. Two sets of students (2015/2016 and 2016/2017 Sessions) had graduated. In 2017, the programme was revisited by the NUC accreditation team, with Prof. Omololu Fapojuwo as Head of Department. It earned a full accreditation, with a 95% score. The department is scheduled to start its postgraduate programmes by 2023. The current Acting Head of the Department is Dr. Akeem O. Raji. The department has been engaged in activities to increase the university's internally generated revenue, including the co-establishing of the KWASU Bakery with the Centre for Entrepreneurship Studies. With the unrelenting support of the university management and staff of other departments/units, FST will continue to contribute its quota to the development of the university. Our Programmes HEAD OF DEPARTMENT WELCOME ADDRESS You are welcome to the Department of Food Science and Technology, Kwara State University, where you are introduced to the theoretical and practical knowledge of transforming raw materials of biological origin (plant and animal products) into nutritious, wholesome, safe, edible, and commercialized forms. Programmes 1. B. Tech (Food Science and Technology) Research (i) Functional food processing, process engineering and food preservation technology. (ii) Food product development, consumer studies/product acceptability, storage stability/shelf-life studies, food characterization and formulations and suitability of different crops variety for food products, among others (iii) Lipids studies in Nigerian diets concerning health and diseases (iv) Studies on fermentation and food safety/food biotechnology (v) Studies on food processing, preservation, product development and value addition Achievements/Milestones • Seven Institutional TetFund research grants won by the academic staff in the department. • Two academic staff in the department won the Federal Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation Meritorious Research Award for standardization of food recipes and portion sizes of locally available diets in 2023. • Two academic staff in the department have collaborated with the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture on some research projects. • The department has produced three first-class graduates since its inception. Our Staff Dr. Akeem Olayemi R Head of Department Email:akeem.raji@kwasu.edu.ng Tel: +2348060867687 Prof. Omololu Oladele Email:omololu.fapojuwo@kwasu.edu.ng Tel +2348037156752 Dr. Wasiu Awoyale Email:wasiu.awoyale@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348062146482 Dr. (Mrs.) T.E. Aruna Email:tawakalitu.aruna@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348099454023 Dr. Kazeem Koledoye Email:kazeem.olatoye@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348034266852 Mrs. Maimuna Sani Email:maimuna.sani@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234803223034 Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Dr. Akeem O. Raji Holding a Sachet of Newly Produced Tomato Paste A KWASU Student Holding a Sachet of Newly Produced Tomato Paste KWASU Students Holding Sachets of Newly Produced Pepper Mix Paste KWASU Students Holding Sachets of Newly Produced Tomato Paste Students Checking for Defects in Sachets of Tomato and Pepper Paste after Production Dr. Akeem O. Raji and Food Science and Technology Students after the Training Session Dr. Wasiu Awoyale Teaching the Students How to Produce Tapioca Grits from Cassava Tubers Mrs. Kudirat Ajao (Principal Technologist) Teaching the Students How to Produce Plain Yoghurt from Cow Milk A Cross Section of Dr. (Mrs.) Aruna and the Students at the Cassava Cottage Processing Factory in Shao, Kwara State. Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Food Science and Technology, Kwara State University, Malete. Head of Department Dr. Akeem Olayemi Raji Tel:+2348060867687 Email: akeem.raji@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/