starsofthealbion.org.ukNewsParticipants 2023ReviewsPartnersJuryContacts +44 (0) 7832341745 starsofthealbion@gmail.com+44 (0) 7832341745starsofthealbion@gmail.com+44 (0) 7832341745starsofthealbion@gmail.comNewsParticipants 2023ReviewsPartnersJuryContactsNewsParticipants 2023ReviewsPartnersJuryContacts STARS OF THE ALBIONGrand Prix 2023 Applications are invited for the 1st online round 1 December 2023 2nd Round Live in London 23-24 March 2024 Download Competition Schedule NEW TALENTS WORLD International Online Performing Arts Platform & FestivalSummer edition Read more STARS OF THE ALBIONGrand Prix 2023 Applications are invited for the 1st online round 1 December 2023 2nd Round Live in London 23-24 March 2024 Download Competition Schedule NEW TALENTS WORLD International Online Performing Arts Platform & FestivalSummer edition Read more NEW WORLD OF TALENTS INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMME We are launching the “New World of Talents” international concert and educational series in London Events will take place at the Jaques Samuel Pianos W2 2DZ and at the Richmond Theatre, Richmond Adult College TW9 2RE 14 - 16 May 2023 5 - 9 July 2023 starsofthealbion@gmail.com InvitationDisciplinesCompetition scheduleAwards & DiplomasTechnical & Repertoire requirementsEvaluation CriteriaFeesСontactsInvitation We are the World, we are TOGETHER STARS OF THE ALBION ARE SUPPORTING PERFORMING ARTS AND INTERNATIONAL ARTISTS Dear Friends, It is our pleasure to announce the 9th edition of "Stars of the Albion. Grand Prix 2023" international performing arts festival & competition. This unique multicultural project joins musicians, dancers and artists from across the world and provides valuable opportunities for young emerging artists to showcase their talent as well as to enhance technical and performance skills, to establish and develop their career. It is organised by Musica Nova Productions Agency & Academy under the Patronage of the World Association of Performing Arts (WAPA). A two-day programme consists of a variety of events including concerts, exhibitions, masterclasses, workshops and the competition itself as a central focus point. Participants will get acquainted with British artists, teachers, producers and culture. They will also be offered an opportunity to present their own cultural traditions and to showcase the talent in front of an international audience. “Stars of the Albion” competition is supported by professional well-known and respected in their industry artists, such as: who is a famous pianist, professor of the Royal College of Music, Doctor of Music Mr. Konstantin Lapshin, producers: Ron Tom (promoted famous Sugar Babies group), Harlano Wickes, Italian composer, arranger, producer Leonardo Di Lorenzo and Ukrainian producer, dancer, festival organiser Sandra Lisovskaya. Our past events attracted young generation of emerging talented artists as well as so many established professional performers from across the world. In 2023 we are expecting participants from 27 countries, including the UK, Canada, USA, Israel, Portugal, France, Italy, Mexico, Cyprus, China, Taiwan, Republic of Zambia, Morocco, Algeria, Bangladesh, India, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Japan, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Georgia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Estonia and Armenia. Participation in this contest is open to artists from 6 years old with no age limit and is divided between age categories, with two options of participation in the capacity of either as amateur or professional performers. All styles and genres can be presented for the competition programme. There are no repertoire restrictions. It is expected that each participant will perform two contrasting compositions. It is expected that each participant will perform two contrasting compositions. There are two rounds: the 2nd round is judged by world celebrity artists, distinguished musicians, professional art collectors, gallery owners and painters. Stars of the Albion offers a special programme and participation at no fee to support artists from Ukraine, who applied to take part. All participants will receive Diplomas, trophies, awards as well as a feedback from our distinguished judges. TOTAL PRIZE FUND: £1000 We are looking forward to welcoming you to the 9th International Performing Arts Competition “Stars of the Albion. Grand Prix 2023” & to extraordinary discoveries of the project! Please join us for the Live Broadcast of the Final Awards Ceremony and Gala of “Stars of the Albion. Grand Prix 2023” on 5 March 2023 at the Queen Charlotte Theatre in Richmond (part of the Richmond & Hillcroft Adult College). Links to YouTube recordings are: Part 1: https://www.youtube.com/live/t59GxA1WxMQ?feature=share Part 2: https://www.youtube.com/live/PDKXAEkEMGk?feature=share Part 3: https://www.youtube.com/live/I08xfH0eRGs?feature=share Part 4 and awards ceremony: https://www.youtube.com/live/DwLfPPdmTKI?feature=share DisciplinesDISCIPLINESMUSIC Singing (classical, contemporary, musical theatre). Soloists and ensembles up to 12 people and choirs. Instrumental playing (classical, folk, jazz). Soloists, ensembles up to 12 people. Composition (solo & group). VISUAL ARTS Performance in Fine Art, photography, short documentary films. CIRCUS SHOW Acrobatics, gymnastics, equilibristic, juggling, clowns, illusion. Age category: Children from 6 y.o. & adults, no age limit Competition scheduleCOMPETITION SCHEDULE 4 – 5 March 2023 Saturday, 4 March 2023 Venue: Queen Charlotte Theatre, Richmond and Hillcroft adult community college Parkshot, Richmond, Surrey TW9 2RG 10:00 – 12:30 Registration of participants.10:00 – 10:30 Rehearsals: Classical Singing; 10:30-12:30 Rehearsals: Contemporary singing.13:00 – 13:45 Launch of “Stars of the Albion. Grand Prix 2023”. Q and A session with the organisers. Virtual tour: London and Royal Windsor. 14:00 – 16:15 Contemporary singing competition LIVE: 1st (6-8), 2nd (9-11) & 3rd (12-15) age categories, Solo. 16:45 – 18:30 Contemporary singing competition LIVE: 4th (16+) age category Solo, Ensembles (live, online). 18:45 – 20:00 Classical Singing competition LIVE & ONLINE.22:00 Gala performance selection announcement for singers performing at the Live Gala on Sunday 5 March. To be announced by emails sent to all singers who took part in the Live performance.Sunday, 5 March 2023 Venue: Queen Charlotte Theatre, Richmond and Hillcroft adult community college Parkshot, Richmond, Surrey TW9 2RG 10:00 – 11:00 Online Dance & Circus competition. 11:00 – 14:30 Online Singing & Composition competition. 14:30 – 15:30 Online Visual arts competition. 13:15 – 14:30 Rehearsals for the Instrumental performance nomination competition (Live).14:30 – 16:30 Instrumental performance competition Live & Online. 17:45 Gala performance selection announcement for instrumentalists, dancers and circus nominations. Results announcement for the Singing, Dance, Composition, Instrumental Performance and Visual Arts nominations will be announced at the Awards ceremony.18:30 – 21:30 Awards ceremony and Gala Concert of winners and laureates with the participation of celebrity guest artists and ensembles. Tickets: participants free, General admission: £20 Tickets online: www.eventbrite.co.ukPlease note: there might be slight alterations in dates and venues. Awards & DiplomasAWARDS & DIPLOMAS Based on the ratings put forward by the jury on a 10-point scale, the Org. Committee determines the winners of the first, second and third places, as well as the Grand Prix of the Competition. • £1000 in total Grand Prix – 4 monetary prizes of £250 each per Discipline. • I place – Golden trophy and Diploma. • II place – Silver trophy and Diploma. • III place – Bronze trophy and Diploma. • I place Diploma of Participation. • II place Diploma of Participation. • III place Diploma of Participation. • Certificate. STAR AWARDS - A special prize for the best performance/choreography on music by the 20th-21st centuries. - Concert prizes (performances throughout the year) are awarded to the Grand Prix winner and laureates of the 1st and 2nd places. - Special Diploma and “Star Lyre” award for the best dance/vocal number/ choreography / costume and stage presence. - Special Diploma and award for the best artistic work and photography. - Special Diploma and award for the best short film script. - “Audience Prize” / “Jury Prize” for the best performance / work. - A “Young Future Talent of Stars of the Albion” Diploma for the youngest contestant. - Diploma of appreciation to teachers and directors. - Diploma of participant for every contestant. Every discipline is subdivided between age categories. Based on the jury recommendation, the Organisers reserve the right not to award any places in a category. The programme of the final Gala Show will be based on recommendations by members of the adjudication panel. The jury’s decision is a final one and should not be disputed. Technical & Repertoire requirements TECHNICAL & REPERTOIRE REQUIREMENTS A free choice of repertoire within the required total duration limit. Each contestant should perform two contrasting compositions. It is compulsory for Singers to include one of the songs in English. The second song can be performed on any language of the world. A written translation should be provided to the jury prior to performance if a song is to be performed in any language other than English. All compositions should be performed from memory and in the original language. You can resubmit same compositions for the 1st and 2nd rounds. It is important that all the recordings should be of the highest possible quality and in a landscape format only. For the 1st round (at the time of submission of the application form) please provide us with the YouTube link to your performances. For the 2nd round each participant will be required to submit a perfect quality video recording by WeTransfer or Google Drive. Requirements for maximum total duration of compositions performed: Individual participants and groups, its possible to participate in more than one nomination. SINGING: 7 minutes Notes for offline auditions: Participants using the backing track must provide a high-quality instrumental accompaniment on a USB flash drive. Also, the backing tracks must be sent to the organizers in MP3 format at most 2.5 weeks before the start of the competition. Each sound recording must be on a separate medium with the name of the work, the author of the music, the text, the name of the ensemble or the name of the artist, as well as the duration of the work. Vocalists are not allowed to perform with the “plus”.DANCE: 4 minutesParticipants using the backing track must provide a high-quality instrumental accompaniment on a USB flash drive. Also, the backing tracks must be sent to the organizers in MP3 format at most 2.5 weeks before the start of the competition. Instrumental performance: Amateur category up to 10 minutes, Professional category up to 20 minutes in total COMPOSITION: Each participant should present a video recording of two compositions of their own choice. Any genre/style, can be instrumental/ vocal. If written to a lyrics, please submit also a general translation of the song in English. Total duration is up to 10 minutes. VISUAL ARTS: Performance in Fine Art, Photography, Short documentary film - Artistic embroidery, macrame decoration - Decorative and applied arts and crafts - Painting (oil, watercolour, gouache, pastel, mixed technique) - Drawing (graphics) All the images that you will be submitting are images of original artwork created by yourself or are the artwork created by an artist who authorized you to submit the images on his/her behalf and should be sent in a JPG format. We will have the right to publish and retain images of your artwork selected by the jurors on our website and other advertising channels to promote future competitions and your artwork. A maximum of 6 images, a minimum of 3. Based on digital images sent to us with the following specifications: Each image must be at least 72 dpi and 200 KB. The shortest side of the image must be at least 338 pixels. All entries must be JPG format. Each image should not exceed 5MB and should be smaller than 7500 x 7500 pixels. Each piece can be no larger than 75 x 85 inches (192 x 218 centimetres). Diptych, Triptych: A work made up of multiple pieces can be up to 168 inches (427 centimetres) wide, as long as each part is no larger than 75 x 85 inches (192 x 218 centimetres). Short documentary film: 3 minutes script competition Works to be submitted together with the registration form: The video file should not exceed 2-3 GB. The video file can be sent in one of the formats: AVI, MPG, WMV, MOV.CIRCUS SHOW: minimum 4 minutes, maximum 8 minutes All types of circus art, except: performances with animals, use of fire. Evaluation CriteriaEVALUATION CRITERIACHOREOGRAPHY • Composition, choice of repertoire, matching the repertoire with the age characteristics of the performer. • Performing skills – style and technique, the culture of performance, musicality. • Artistry, interest and variety, expression. • Stage presence, decorations and costumes.SINGING • Artistic interpretation, expression. • Performance technique, purity of intonation, pronunciation, articulation. • Choice of works, level of difficulty. • Stage presentation, acting, production, costumes.INSTRUMENTAL PERFORMANCE • Artistic interpretation, concept, architectonics. • Performance technique, instrument control, purity of intonation (for strings and winds). • Choice of repertoire, level of difficulty. • Stage presence, costumes. COMPOSITION • Concept, form, architectonics, stylistic technique, instrumentation/ arrangement. • Performance technique and stage presence, stage presence, costumes. PHOTOGRAPHY • Concept, originality, composition. • Technique, work with light, design, style. • Expressiveness, impact on the audience. • Costumes, decorations.VISUAL ARTS • Composition, concept, originality. • Technique, style, work with color, work with a line. • Expressiveness, impact on the audience. • PresentationSHORT FILMS • Concept, content of work, compliance with the declared genre. • Technique of performance, video quality, installation, complexity. • Emotional impact on the audience, expressive tools and design (the presence of sound, effects, the use of scenery, light, costumes). • Artistic performance. CIRCUS SHOW • Performance technique, level of difficulty. Concept and originality. • Costumes. • Choreography. • Music used for the performance, impact on the audience, artistic interpretation. FeesFEES Registration deadline and competition dates Applications deadline: 25 January 2023 Final Live & online rounds: 4-5 March 2023 Live auditions and contest will be held in London, UK. Fees for Soloists: £40 (online) £120 (live) Fees for ensembles up to 3 people: £20 (online) per person 4-6 people £15 7 plus £10 From £65 (visa support letter and assistance) Accommodation: from £850 per person in 4* hotel for 4 nights in Central London with breakfast. СontactsСONTACTS“Musica Nova” International Music Academy www.musicanova.org.uk Organiser Tel: +44 (0) 7765 845489 | +44 (0)7832341745 Official competition website: www.starsofthealbion.org.uk E-mail: starsofthealbion@gmail.com CEO: Ms. Evgenia Terentieva-Jakubowski President of the World Association of Performing Arts United Kingdom Section (WAPA) Winner of a “Queen’s Award” from the British Council Laureate of international piano, singing, composition competitions Laureate of the Gold Franz Kafka Medal (Czech Republic) Concert musician: singer, pianist, composer, educator Dip Dist St. Petersburg Conservatoire (Russia), DipGSMD, HonLGSM (UK) OUR MOTTO, OUR MISSION, OUR LIFE STARS OF THE ALBION 2023 - BRINGING PEOPLE TOGETHER Jury Singing (Contemporary / Pop Music / Musical Theatre / Folk) Georgia / UK Yuliana Green (CHAIR) Singer, producer, vocal coach Read more... United Kingdom Ron Tom Legendary producer, manager Read more... Bulgaria Rossi Yordanova Vocal coach, composer, songwriter, producer, conductor Read more... Armenia Armando Ghukasyan President & Founder of WAPA WORLD, Armenia national ballet association, CID International Dance Council of Armenia, producer, choreographer Read more... United Kingdom Dev Joshi Artist Read more... Estonia Elena Savtsuk Singer, magister of music Read more... Philippines Rose Marielle Mamaclay Singer, Songwriter, Mentor Read more... Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Raymund Ruben Sabinay President and Head Voice Coach of APM International Read more... Israel Ora Ashkinadze General Director of the Art Or Association Read more... Kazakhstan Oxana Pak International artist, singer, producer, pedagogue Read more... Jury Singing (Classical) GEORGIA / UK Yuliana Green (CHAIR) Singer, producer, vocal coach Read more... Armenia / UK Sipan Olah Conductor, Tenor, Pianist, Producer, Artistic Director & Conductor of KCCA Read more... United Kingdom Evgenia Terentieva (Curator) Pianist, singer, composer Read more... United Kingdom Irina Tutt Classical singing Read more... United Kingdom Alice Howell Musician and private / peripatetic vocal teacher Read more... USA Irina Feoktistova Music director, pianist, assistent conductor, vocal coach, accompanist Read more... Jury Instrumental United Kingdom Konstantin Lapshin (CHAIR) Pianist, pedagogue, adjudicator Read more... United Kingdom Evgenia Terentieva (Curator) Pianist, singer, composer Send a message Read more... China / Taiwan Constance HSIEH Violinist, tutor, adjudicator Read more... United Kingdom Yuri Zhislin Professor of violin and viola Read more... United Kingdom Grant Martirosyan Concertmaster Read more... USA Irina Feoktistova Music director, pianist, assistent conductor, vocal coach, accompanist Read more... Jury Composition Italy Leonardo Di Lorenzo (CHAIR) Composer, vocalist, guitarist, music producer Read more... United Kingdom Evgenia Terentieva Pianist, singer, composer Send a message Read more... Bulgaria Rossi Yordanova Vocal coach, composer, songwriter, producer, conductor Read more... GEORGIA / UK Yuliana Green Singer, producer, vocal coach Read more... Jury Visual Arts Philippines Charie Vega Visual Artist and International Director for Euro Talent Festival-Philippines Read more... Estonia / Russia Sergey Minin Artist, restorer, icon painter Read more... United Kingdom Natalia Jezova Artist Read more... United Kingdom Irina Uzzell BA in Fine Art and Design in UAL Read more... Jury Video clips / Short films United Kingdom Luba Balagova (CHAIR) Poet and film producer Read more... Jury Dance / Circus Show Armenia Armando Ghukasyan President & Founder of WAPA WORLD, Armenia national ballet association, CID International Dance Council of Armenia, producer, choreographer Read more... United Kingdom Katrina Vasilieva Professional dancer Read more... Israel Ora Ashkinadze General Director of the Art Or Association Read more... Italy Marina O’Neill – Spencer Director and founder of Young ballet academy Read more... Participants. Grand Prix 2023. Singing (Contemporary / Pop Music / Musical Theatre / Folk) Portugal Leonor de Castro III (12-15) Read more... Italy Alfonso Di Berardino IV age category, professional Read more... Ukraine Kyrylo Naida IV age category, professional Read more... Slovenia Lara Kerznar IV (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Nicole Motsernak III (12 - 15) Professional Read more... Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Yasuree Keith Fernando Amateur III (12 - 15) Read more... Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Oshani Brielle Fernando Amateur II (9 - 11) Read more... Portugal Julia Ochoa Folk singing, Amateur III (12 - 15) Read more... Cyprus Christos Televandou Amateur IV (16+) Read more... Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Ace Fernandez Bantay Amateur IV (16+) Read more... Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Bartolome, Lucas, Jr. Amateur IV (16+) Read more... Estonia L`era Amateur III (12-15) Read more... Estonia Ensemble DeLice Amateur III (12-15) Read more... Latvia Elizaveta Gruznina Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Philippines Jex Marc De Castro Professional IV (16+) Read more... Estonia Marietta Kann Amateur IV (16+) Read more... Bulgaria Elizabeth Ambartsumyan Amateur I (6-8) Read more... Ukraine Yuri Verevkin-Gorbanj Professional IV (16+) Read more... Estonia Duet Milena & Jolika Amateur IV (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Stefana Iftimie Amateur III (12-15) Read more... United Kingdom Bella Flit Amateur II (9-11) Read more... United Kingdom Steve Lockwood Amateur IV (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Victoria Cova Professional IV (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Elizaveta Plotnikova Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Armenia Satenik Sahakyan Amateur IV (16+) Read more... Bulgaria Elitsa Kamburova Amateur III (12-15) Read more... Bulgaria Denitsa-Ivana Kamburova Amateur III (12-15) Read more... Bulgaria / UK Louisa Philippa Mihailova Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Bulgaria / UK Maraya Veric Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Bulgaria Nikolay Ivanov Amateur IV (16+) Read more... Bulgaria Trio SiNiMa Ensembles I (6-8) Read more... Bulgaria Kristina Encheva Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Bulgaria Elizaveth Ambartsumyan Amateur I (6-8) Read more... United Kingdom Ivan Tscheltzoff Amateur I (6-8) Read more... Japan / UK Jessica Miniqkhmetov Amateur I (6-8) Read more... Kazakhstan Adele Kanasheva Amateur I (6-8) Read more... Kazakhstan Alaia Kanasheva Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Kazakhstan Cassandra Vojack Amateur III (12-15) Read more... Kazakhstan Suriya Kairgaliyeva Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Participants Singing (Classical) France Chloé Leruth Professional IV (16+) Read more... USA Diane Ayerdi Amateur I (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Cecilia Yuning Zhang Professional IV (16+) Read more... USA Veronica Rice Professional IV (16+) Read more... México Masha Soboleva Professional IV (16+) Read more... Kazakhstan Bektore Tazhibay Amateur II (9-11) Read more... United Kingdom Veronika Kuchkina Amateur III (12-15) Read more... Participants Instrumental Nomination Canada | China Jiamin (Frank) Zhou Amateur III (12 - 15) Read more... China Qianmo Zhao Amateur I (6 - 8) Read more... United Kingdom Carter Cheung Amateur II (9 - 11) Read more... USA Anshul Sharma Amateur III (12-15) Read more... USA Altantsetseg Luvsandash Amateur III (12-15) Read more... USA Deeksha Yenugula Amateur II (9-11) Read more... USA Ashwina V Sharma Amateur III (12-15) Read more... USA Aparna, Sarkar Amateur II (9-11) Read more... Ukraine Yrii Kyrychenko Professional III (12-15) Read more... Ukraine Mykhailo Naida Professional III (12-15) Read more... China Zhiyong Xu Professional IV (16+) Participants Composition Nomination Israel Yakov Molodetsky IV age group, professional Read more... Portugal Victoria Stoianova Amateur IV (16+) Read more... Participants Visual Arts Nomination United Kingdom Maria Libik Professional IV (16+) Read more... Canada | China Jiamin (Frank) Zhou Amateur III (12 - 15) Read more... Taiwan SUN, CHIEN-YA Amateur III (12 - 15) Read more... Republic of Zambia Mclaudy Munanzwa Photograph | paintings Read more... Cyprus Paris Andreou Hadjipavlou Amateur II (9 - 11) Read more... Taiwan CHEN, CHEN Amateur II (9-11) Read more... United Kingdom Mariia Brovarets Amateur III (12-15) Read more... United Kingdom Galina Komkova Painting IV (16+) Read more... CHUVASH Republic Elena Ermakova Professional IV (16+) Read more... Zachary Zhan Vojack Amateur III (12-15) Read more... Georgia Elizaveta Vadachkoria (Georgia) Drawing IV (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Anastasia Yermakova Professional IV (16+) Read more... Participants Video clips / Short films Yaroslav Yakubchuk Amateur IV(16+) Read more... United Kingdom Vladimir Eremeev Amateur IV (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Ekaterina Yaremchuk Professional IV (16+) Read more... United Kingdom Svetlana Obolenskaya Short films IV (16+) Read more... Participants Dance / Circus Show Nomination Italy Giovanni Gaole Professional IV (16+) Read more... Algeria Association Culturelle El Salam Folk dance V (mix) Read more... Bangladesh Bangladesh Bulbul Lalitakala Academy Bafa Professional, V (mix) Read more... Kingdom of Morocco Organisation Morocco Culturel Professional group V (mix) Read more... Italy Grace Jaquieline Giardina Amateur I (6-8) Read more... Italy Margot Christelle Giardina Amateur I (6-8) Read more... Italy Viktoriya Slobodchukova Amateur III (12-15) Read more... “Discovering a world of new talents” The Business Courier, London News All important news here Video Closing ceremony 2021 YouTube video & Link Details Video Opening Ceremony & Concert of Judges YouTube video & Link Details Video Gallery (Archive) Angelo Muscat. Participant 2020Svetlana Miletskii UK. Participant 2020Domingo "Jun" Degamon, Jr. Participant 2020Leona Karpel Germany. Participant 2020Saya Glowacki Germany. Participant 2020Ingrid Cusido Spain. Participant 2020Alfonso Di Berardino Italy. Participant 2020Viktoria Glavcheva Bulgaria. Participant 2020Vrian Demoya Colombia. Participant 2020Laetitia Amodio Malta. Participant 2020Hezron Springer UK. Participant 2020JIN AALIYAH PIZARRA. Participant 2020HANNAH FAYE MIGUEL. Participant 2020ARAHAM AZUR. Participant 2020Stars Of The Albion (2016). Promo Video. Reviews Dear organisers, I am writing to express our gratitude for organisation of All Britain Youth Festival-Contest of Performing Arts "Stars of the Albion". Participation in your project was a wonderful experience for us. We are looking forward to our future co-operation and will be delighted to take part in any cultural events you may organise. Viktoria Matryoshki UK Team The Stars Of The Albion Festival is a great opportunity for musicians, singers and dancers to show their talents in a real, vivid competition for the first place against other worthy competitors. It is also organised in the capital of England which gives the participants an opportunity to perform on a big stage for the talented youth of the world. A huge thank you to all the people that organised this great festival. It gave my son an opportunity to earn his first cash prize in a competition. The sum has pleasantly surprised us. Marina Parent CEO EVGENIA TERENTIEVAMrs. Evgenia Terentieva, born in Leningrad (St. Petersburg), graduated with distinction both from St. Petersburg Conservatoire and Guildhall School of Music & Drama, where she won the prestigious Concert Recital Diploma (Premier Prix) and received HonLGSM Diploma. In 1998 she won a "Queen's Award" from the British Council to continue her post-graduate studies in the UK. She studied vocal with Richard Burgess-Ellis and Kyra Vayne; piano with Elena Shishko, John Lill and James Gibb; composition with Vladislav Uspensky. EVGENIA TERENTIEVA Singer, pianist, composer, educator, producer EVGENIA TERENTIEVA Singer, pianist, composer, educator, producer Partners Principal Partner Principal partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Website, design, print General Partner Media Partner Principal Partner Holiday Inn Contact us We're happy to answer any questions that you may have Send a message and we'll get in touch with you Your namePhone numberEmailMessage Send Thank you! MUSICA NOVAInternational Academy of Music +44 (0) 7832341745starsofthealbion@gmail.comShow map +44 (0) 7832341745starsofthealbion@gmail.comWebsite created by 1WEBMASTERПоделиться с друзьямиПоделиться с друзьямиПоделиться с друзьями+44 (0) 7832341745starsofthealbion@gmail.com