Protopian Pular para o conteúdo Protopian Principles Partnerships Contact Menu Protopian Principles Partnerships Contact Language English Portuguese TRANSFORMATIVE IDEAS COLLABORATIVE IMPACT PROTOPIAN FUTURE Contact us Where Utopia is defined as • Ideal place or state of complete happiness and harmony among individuals. • Any imaginative description of an ideal society, based on fair laws and political-economic institutions truly committed to the well-being of the community. Protopia is: • The concept that through our efforts and contributions, even if minimally incremental, we can build a society that is radically better than the current one. • Incremental progress, where even a 1% annual rate, can yield compounding results that over time, are orders of magnitude better than the present. Let's Co-Create Our Ideal Future. We are a non-profit organization with the mission is to empower individuals, communities, companies and governments with the tools, knowledge and connections to co-create an ideal future. We want to help design and accelerate solutions to the main social and environmental problems of our generation. Innovative We seek creative solutions and new approaches to tackle current social and environmental challenges. Through innovation, we are committed to finding unique and impactful ways to address problems, fostering positive transformation. Colaborative: We value collaboration as an essential quality of the project. Through cooperation among individuals, communities, companies, and governments, we aim to create strong partnerships and build a collaborative working environment to achieve an ideal future. Together, we strengthen our efforts and amplify our impact. Our Concept. At Protopian, we seek positive environmental and social impact through daring, high-impact projects. We finance and collaborate with initiatives that seek to transform issues related to climate change, prosperity, freedom, equality and well-being. Contact us WHY In the last hundred years we have gone through incredible transformations, accelerated by the scientific method, generating social and economic benefits across the planet. The impact of our development is also unprecedented, so much so that we are at the limit of our planet's carrying capacity. Technologies and patterns of behavior can lead us to a scenario of self-destruction or total transformation. The next hundred years will be decisive for the future of humanity and our planet. Revolutionary ideas represent the engine that leads to the new phases of our technological and social evolution. We want a better future for everyone and we have enough tools to make dreams come true. "The future is already here, it's just not widely distributed." It is up to our generation to create goals, demand solutions and engage in the co-creation of solutions for current problems. How are we going to use abundance and technological advances to reduce poverty and improve our quality of life? How to solve the climate crisis, deal with mass extinction and create a more equal world? It is up to us to weave the vision of the world that we want! HOW ? We invest in areas and projects that may seem strange, speculative or even absurd. The goal is to try to create a future that seems almost impossible, advancing important and meaningful topics with the limited resources we have. Collaboration is essential.We will leverage existing movements and ideas, helping to increase their impact. We fund studies, organize events, propose laws and regulations, seek solutions and collaborate with local and global teams. PROTOPIAN. A non-profit organization that empowers the co-creation of an ideal future, driving innovative solutions for social and environmental challenges. Menu Home Principles Partnerships hello@protopian.org © 2023 Potopian • All rights reserved