FIT Join our mailing list Just fill in your name and email address below and we'll do the rest. Hey, thanks for visiting! We are really excited about this new chapter as the Footwear Industry Trust. You can really help us by signing up to our mailing list and following us on our social channels. Sign me up Thanks for signing up Don't forget to check out our social channels too! Thank you for your enquiry Your information has been sent through to the team and we will get in contact with you presently. Skip to content Get help now Donate now How we help Get involved For employers News and events About us Get in touch How we help Get involved For employers News and events About us Get in touch Get help now Donate now “Please never stop the amazing work you do.” Simone - Slough How we help Established in 1836 by the footwear trade for the footwear trade Every single penny we raise goes directly to those in need Supporting those in all aspects of the Shoe Trade from design to repair Over £1 million given out in grants since 2008 Warning: A non-numeric value encountered in /home/sites/31b/7/78d99f1a8a/public_html/footwearindustrytrust.org/wp-content/themes/fit-wpbootstrap-child/template-parts/flexi-blocks/call_out_block.php on line 9 The charity for the footwear trade A lot has changed since the Footwear Industry Trust (FIT) started supporting members of the footwear trade back in 1836. But in these challenging times our simple pledge is the same now as it was then, to offer support and security to those who have fallen on hard times. Find out more Notice: Undefined index: placement in /home/sites/31b/7/78d99f1a8a/public_html/footwearindustrytrust.org/wp-content/themes/fit-wpbootstrap-child/template-parts/flexi-blocks/splash_block.php on line 13 Notice: Undefined index: size in /home/sites/31b/7/78d99f1a8a/public_html/footwearindustrytrust.org/wp-content/themes/fit-wpbootstrap-child/template-parts/flexi-blocks/splash_block.php on line 18 There’s no need to wait. You can donate right now by clicking on the button below. We really appreciate your support. Donate now What we do When times are tough, it's comforting to know that there's someone out there, ready to step in when no one else can. Whether it's financial support to buy white goods or help with debt management, or funding to help pay for assistance at home or care, FIT is a charity committed to providing help to anyone working in the footwear industry, now or in the past. Find out more Fundraising The more money you can help us raise, the more people we can help. From trade sponsors and donations, to fundraising events such as race days, the footwear industry awards, the international golf tournament of the shoe, leather and allied trades, charity auctions, funs runs and individual sponsorship events - all ideas and suggestions are welcome. Find out more Industry support In order to support people in need, the Footwear Industry Trust also needs support itself. We are lucky to have some fantastic corporate partners including Drapers Magazine, The Pattenmakers and Cordwainers Livery Companies, The British Footwear Association, Dr Martens and many more. But you can never have too many friends, so we’re always ready to welcome new corporate partners who want to help us help people in our industry. Find out more Around the community On 10th September, FIT Trustee Mark Jeffery is running the Great North Run. Read more The FIT board of trustees were out in force at the Grosvenor House Hotel on London's Park Lane, to celebrate the Annual Drapers Footwear Awards. Read more Footwear Friends have undergone a complete rebrand to reaffirm their position as the heart of the footwear trade. Read more Privacy Policy | Photo credits | Website by Deadeye Footwear Industry Trust c/o Footwear Friends PO Box 77403 London SW9 1FG Telephone: 07999 126572 E-mail: info@footwearindustrytrust.org Contact us Whether requesting assistance or just enquiring about gift aid - just let us know via the button below Get in touch Join our mailing list Get the latest updates on our events and fundraisers as well as the latest on how your donations are helping Sign up © Footwear Industry Trust All Rights Reserved. charity no. 222117 Privacy Policy Photo credits Website by Deadeye We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings