St.Xavier's School Surajpur Mau CBSE Guideline Parent's Zone Student's Zone Disclosure Staff Login Login Sale Toggle navigation Home About Us Registration Specialities Activities Administrative Panel Gallery Contact Us New Admission Session 2022-2023 is Open Click Here For Admission / Registration Online Welcome to St. Xavier's School Surajpur St. Xavier's School Surajpur Mau is an CBSE Affiliated Secondary Level school , where get introduced to school life in a caring, meaningful and progressive way. Vision Our Vision is to make children happy and confident and develop a positive...[ Read More ] Mission To develop in children the basic skills in Listening, Speaking, Reading...[ Read More ] Motto Our motto is to develop a positive attitude about schooling in a child’s...[ Read More ] St. Xavier's School St. Xavier's School St. Xavier's School St. Xavier's School St. Xavier's School St. Xavier's School St. Xavier's School Our Activities Adaptation Sociability Sharing Listening Memory & Response Adaptation The first and foremost attitude expected in every person is adaptation. Situations Change, Persons Change, Activities Change but for a adaptable mind, any change becomes a challenge, a possibility, a new way. Our programmes has the practice for adaptation at its core. An adaptable child can learn new things easily and master them in a quicker pace. Read more Sociability The next important attitude to practice in children is sociability. Children learn more things from their peer group than from conventional teaching. We at St. Xavier's School play way learn make children sociable and we always look to create more new spaces of sociability. Read more Sharing Sharing is the toughest attitude to be developed in present day’s children as there is little chance or availability of sources. But it’s the most important thing to be put in at pre schools else they will have the problem of sharing in later years even with their siblings. At J. Dawn Wasco school sharing is a compulsory practice in understandable ways. Read more Listening Nowadays children are easily attracted to gadgets and other attractive modes of electronic interaction and listening to teachers, elders or even equal aged children is becoming unwanted and irritating issue. We at J. Dawn Wasco school feel the importance of listening and nurture the attitude in each and every child. Read more Memory & Response Memory and response is another area, the courses at St. Xavier's School involve. Children know more than what we knew at their age. But the memory and response level we had at their age is lacking largely in present conditions. We continuously give training to improve memory and improve response in young children. Read more Our Event Gallery All Events Facilities News & Events Latest News 05/03/2024 New Session Admission Open Online Classes Start Please click on Link Online Classes Contact Info St. Xavier's School Surajpur Mau. (8853984242 , 7355089527) Get In Touch 8853984242 7355089527 Copyright © ST.XAVIER'S All Rights Reserved. Powered by BRKWEB