Journal Press India Journal Press India® www.journalpressindia.com Home About Us Journals Editorial Board MANTHAN: Journal of Commerce and Management DELHI BUSINESS REVIEW GBS Impact: Journal of Multi Disciplinary Research MUDRA: Journal of Finance and Accounting PRAGATI: Journal of Indian Economy FOCUS: Journal of International Business VISION: Journal of Indian Taxation Computology: Journal of Applied Computer Science and Intelligent Technologies Journal of Futuristic Sciences and Applications PRASTUTI: Journal of Management & Research International Journal of Advance Research and Innovation Ethics Policy Submission Guidelines Subscriptions Other Services Contact us Conference Solutions Submit Manuscript Subscribe Subjects Engineering and Technology Artificial Intelligence(AI) Machine Learning (ML) Smart Manufacturing Sustainable Materials Waste Management Renewable Energy Industrial Automation Agricultural Development Indian Economy Economic Development Banking Monetary Policy Fiscal Policy Microfinance Agriculture Indian Taxation Tax Policy Taxation Laws Goods & Services Tax (GST) International Taxation Public Finance Fiscal Management Federal Fiscal Transfers Business and Corporate Laws International Business Globalisation International Trade Foreign Investment Multinational Enterprises Regional Economic Integration International Monetary System Finance and Accounting Financial Management & Accounting Financial Services Financial Markets and Institutions Security Analysis and Portfolio Management Accounting Theory and Practice Behavioral Finance and Accounting Commerce and Management Organisational Performance Organisational Behaviour Marketing Business Systems Consumer Behaviour Management Practices About Journal Press India Journal Press India (JPI) is a publishing house devoted to the publication of high-quality research journals in the areas of commerce, management, finance, accounting, Indian economy, international business and taxation. . All the journals are peer-reviewed and invite innovative research from experts, addressing topical issues in their respective areas. JPI also offer online solutions for 'Journal publications' and 'Conference management'. JPI 'Online Journal Management System (OJMS)' facilitate with the automated workflow for the online manuscript submission, double blind peer-review process and publication. It would be very useful for the institution’s existing published journal/s or planning to launch new online journal/s or to revive old published journals. JPI's OJMS significantly reduces the administrative tasks of a journal’s editor/ editorial team through an automated workflow. The journals and their articles hosted on JPI OJMS portal will bring high visibility from respective web search engines to increase citations manifold and would also help in getting indexed with popular databases. The Journal would have dedicated webpages with various web links like, Home Page, Editorial Board, Current issue, Archives, Ethics Policy, Submission Guidelines, Peer-review process/guidelines etc. JPI CMS tool is a comprehensive 'Conference Management System' that enables organizers of a conference to manage all their key conference activities from a single platform. Apart from creating an exclusive ‘conference website’ which provides all information related to the conference, JPI CMS enables ‘online registration’ of participants, ‘online submission’ of abstracts and full papers as well as ‘publication services’ such as Conference Proceedings & Edited book (with ISBN), in both ‘Online and Print versions’. It also has an automated Peer-review system for the submitted papers. Visit us at https://www.journalpressindia.com/conference.php Highlights of Journals Peer-reviewed Bi-annual frequency ISSN /e-ISSN number No publication fee charged Ninth year of regular publication Articles published with DOI number Indexed with Index Copernicus International (ICI), Google Scholar, EBSCO, Summon (ProQuest), Indian Citation Index, Cross-Ref, CNKI Scholar, Research Gate, J-Gate and Scilit. Advanced Search Clear Select Subject Engineering and Technology Indian Economy Indian Taxation International Business Finance and Accounting Commerce and Management Select Journal Search Login / Register News/Events Institute of Managem... Deccan Education Society Institute of Management Development and Re... S.B. Patil Institute... Pimpri Chinchwad Education Trust's S.B. Patil Institute of Mana... D. Y. Patil IMCAM, A... D. Y. Patil Institute of Master of Computer Applications & Managem... Vignana Jyothi Insti... Vignana Jyothi Institute of Management International Conference on ... Department of Commer... Department of Commerce, Faculty of Commerce & Business, University... Birla Institute of M... Birla Institute of Management Technology (BIMTECH) 3rd Pritam Singh M... OP Jindal University... OP Jindal University, India 4th International Conference on ... Department of MBA, N... Department of MBA, Narayana Engineering College Nellore International... Vignana Jyothi Insti... Vignana Jyothi Institute of Management Conference Proceedings,... Online Proceedings R... Conference Proceedings, March 2023 ISBN: 978-81-956810-6-8 ... View all MANTHAN: Journal of Commerce and Management Print ISSN: 2347-4440 e-ISSN: 2395-2601 View Detail MUDRA: Journal of Finance and Accounting Print ISSN: 2347-4467 e-ISSN: 2395-2598 View Detail PRAGATI: Journal of Indian Economy Print ISSN: 2347-4432 e-ISSN: 2395-261X View Detail FOCUS: Journal of International Business Print ISSN: 2347-4459 e-ISSN: 2395-258X View Detail VISION: Journal of Indian Taxation Print ISSN: 2347-4475 e-ISSN: 2395-2571 View Detail Computology: Journal of Applied Computer Science and Intelligent Technologies e-ISSN: 2584-0967 View Detail Journal of Futuristic Sciences and Applications e-ISSN: 2583-6595 View Detail PRASTUTI: Journal of Management & Research Print ISSN: 2320-2262 View Detail International Journal of Advance Research and Innovation e-ISSN: 2347-3258 View Detail DELHI BUSINESS REVIEW Print ISSN: 0972-222X e-ISSN: 2277-7725 View Detail GBS Impact: Journal of Multi Disciplinary Research Print ISSN: 2454-8545 e-ISSN: Applied for View Detail By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. OK Journal Press India Journal Press India is a publishing house devoted to the publication of high-quality research journals in the areas of commerce, management, finance, accounting, Indian economy, international business, taxation and law. Quick Links Home About Us Our Journals Conferences Solutions Call for Papers Subscriptions Publishing Guidelines Ethics and Policy Other Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap Follow us on All published articles on this website are licenced under the terms of Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License Copyright © 2024 Journal Press India. All Rights Reserved.