Document Home About Us Service Contact us We started our Jurney 2020 We remember, To event manager host is not the only client, even all the guests are clients Every Event & Largest Register Now Our Events We all live in an age that belongs to the young at heart. Life that is becoming extremely fast, Wedding Ceremony Some quick example text to build on the card title and make up the bulk of the card's content. Different Type of seminar Some quick example text to build on the card title and make up the bulk of the card's content. Different Type of Conference Some quick example text to build on the card title and make up the bulk of the card's content. Education Ceremony Some quick example text to build on the card title and make up the bulk of the card's content. About Us Our HistoryMission & Vision Idea And Solutions Event is an event logistics and marketing company that started in 2020. The company offers A-Z event planning services from a team of experienced and energetic event planners, suppliers, venues, and more. One of the main reasons behind the success of Event Planner is the fact that the team does not charge fees to its clients! With the number of events we organize. Idea And Solutions Event does not need to add exorbitant fees and mark-ups to make its profit margins. This ensures that our client's list, which is constantly growing, makes regular use of our services. Read More Our Address idea and solutionsevent 183/2 Lenin Sarani Kolkata - 700013. +91-9831337466 ideaandsolutionsevent@gmail.com Send us a message Submit Idea And Solutions Event is an event logistics and marketing company that started in 2020. The company offers A-Z event planning services from a team of experienced and energetic event planners, suppliers, venues, and Read More Quick Links About Services Contact Privacy policy & Return Policy Contact info Idea And Solutionsevent 183/2 Lenin Sarani Kolkata - 700013. +91-9831337466 ideaandsolutionsevent@gmail.com Copyright © 2022 Idea And Solutionsevent Designed and Developed by Vaskar Web About × Idea And Solutions Event is an event logistics and marketing company that started in 2020. The company offers A-Z event planning services from a team of experienced and energetic event planners, suppliers, venues, and more. One of the main reasons behind the success of Event Planner is the fact that the team does not charge fees to its clients! With the number of events we organize. Idea And Solutions Event does not need to add exorbitant fees and mark-ups to make its profit margins. This ensures that our client's list, which is constantly growing, makes regular use of our services. There is no fee. There is no markup! The Event Planner team does not charge any fees to its clients*. Yes, this might sound strange. However, the company earns its profits through its suppliers, with whom a very strong relationship has been built. This does not mean that the costs are up-marked to make up for the fee. On the contrary, they are less than it would cost a company when booking directly. We know it sounds too good to believe, but over the years this formula has helped the Event Planner team become the success story they are today. This has not in any way reduced the level of professionalism with which the services are carried, as shown by the large number of local and international clients, who work with us regularly. In a nutshell, you pay no fee, pay your supplier less, and have a professional team handling all your loose ends. Sounds too good, but it is true! You can check out our clients as testimonials The Team The Event Planner team is made up of a mix of people. James and Ilona take care of corporate events. Josette is the wedding guru. Nicole is the creative one. Sergio is the merchandising expert. In addition to this group of people, a large support team helps out in everything the company does, from office work to on-site logistics planning. One thing we can truly say about our team is that we are very passionate about our job! How can we help you organize a successful event? 1. A-Z event planning. We shall work on your event from beginning to end. You may relax and leave all the logistics to us. 2. Venue Consultancy. Finding a venue in Malta is not as easy as people make it sound. While offering an extensive list of venues on our website, we know and have contact with hundreds of venues around the Maltese Islands, one of which will most definitely fit into your event scenario. 3. We organize: product launches, gala receptions, seminars and conferences, staff events, awards nights, team building events, B2B and B2C networking events, weddings, and more. 4. We give you more: transport services, photography, videography, furniture rental, entertainment, sound and lighting, branding, security, RSVP communication, follow-up, staff, SMS/email marketing. 5. We arrange not only conference,s delegate's hotel room, but their take care also belongs to our duty. We publish conference,s brochures and also provide a website to collect delegate's fees through a payment gateway *A fee applies only when the client requests specific human hours and help, and is done by agreement with the client. Close