Steven Sewell: Full Stack Developer Steven Sewell Home Profile Skills Resume Projects About Me Profile Full Stack Developer, UI/UX Designer Location: New York City Metro Area Age: 30 Website: stevensewell.com Contact: stevenrsewell@outlook.com Software Engineer with an emphasis on front-end design and user interface. Experienced with website and mobile application development, business formation, document management, digital editing, and photography. Available for freelance work, contract positions, and full time employment. Skills HTML React.js Microsoft Office Version Control Web Accessibility MongoDB CSS Angular Adobe Creative Cloud Responsive Design Browser Dev Tools MySQL Javascript Vue.js Chat GPT and AI Performance Optimization Browser Compatibility Testing and Debugging Bootstrap Figma Wordpress UI/UX Principles RESTful APIs Cloud Platforms Resume Education Certificate, Full Stack Web Development 2020 University of Texas Center for Professional Education, Austin TX Coding bootcamp focused on end-to-end web and application development Bachelor of Science, Health Science 2014 University of South Florida, Tampa FL Concentrations in Public Health and Healthcare Administration Work Experience Document Specialist Sept 2020 - May 2022 LegalZoom, Remote, Austin TX Efficiently filed new LLCs, Corporations, and Non-Profit organizations for customers by navigating various Secretary of State websites Filed and processed legal documents for customers including Annual Reports, Amendments, Conversions, and Dissolutions Effectively communicated with customers to address inquiries and provide status updates using Salesforce Utilized strong attention to detail to accurately process documentation and reduce errors Projects Crowned One Photography A photography portfolio website featuring images all captured and edited by me. GLightbox is used to display the image gallery. crownedone.photography GelatO-M-G! A single-page bootstrap website which allows the user to choose two flavors of Gelato, and will generate a description of how well the flavors taste together. gelatomg.com NASA Weather Dashboard A weather dashboard app that displays current weather and a 5-day forecast. NASA Astronomy Image of the Day is used as the background image and changes daily. stevenrsewell.github.io/NASA-Weather About Me My name is Steven Robert Sewell. I was born and grew up in Keyport New Jersey, part of the New York City Metropolitan area. I went to elementary and middle school in Aberdeen Township, and then attended Saint John Vianney High School in Holmdel. After graduating I moved to Tampa, Florida to attend the University of South Florida. I took classes at both USF's Tampa and Saint Petersburg campuses, and majored in Health Sciences. While living in Tampa, my favorite activities were going to the beach, going to Busch Gardens, and watching Tampa Bay Lightning hockey games at Amalie Arena. After completing my bachelor's degree I started working in the health and fitness industry in Austin, TX. I earned certifications as a personal trainer from the National Academy of Sports Medicine and as a CrossFit Level-1 Trainer. For several years I worked in settings that included a fitness facility, outpatient physical therapy clinic, and a wellness resort, doing nutritional consulting and exercise training. I spent much of my free time hiking and kayaking in the Austin area, and enjoying the live music scene and diverse foods in the city. In 2020 I completed a Full Stack Developer coding bootcamp at the University of Texas. Later that year I began working for LegalZoom, where I gained experience in business formation, compliance, and entrepreneurship. At the end of 2021 I moved back to my hometown of Keyport NJ, and in the time since have started several personal projects including forming a family consulting business, creating a recreational photography brand, and starting a sports blog. Some of my activities and interests including landscape and aerial photography, aviation, attending live NFL, MLB, NHL, WWE, and AEW events in the New York City area, and visiting waterfront parks with my dog Kuma.