Trademark Lawyers in Mumbai - Darren D'silva Trademark Attorney Skip to the content Floor 2, B wing, Silva Heritage Bldg., 29 Sherly, Sherly Rajan Rd., Bandra West, Mumbai 400050 9167903656 Home About Me Practice Areas Trademark Development Trademark Prosecution Trademark Infringement Blog Contact Trademark Registration | Protection | Solutions Contact Today Trade Mark Attorney About Me As a business owner, your brand is your baby. You’ve brought it to life, nurtured it and hope to see it grow up and travel the globe. As a trademark attorney, I ensure that your brand is protected from harm’s way and that the full potential of your brand is utilised. Choosing to ignore the legal aspect of your brand through registration and enforcement of your rights can lead to infringement and dilute the hard-earned reputation of your brand. When looking for a trademark lawyer in Mumbai, you need to be cautious, as you need an expert to protect your brand. From trademark conceptualisation to registration and protection, I endeavour to secure my clients’ brands with full attention to detail in the most cost-effective manner possible. I realise the importance of your brand to you and closely assist with decision-making every step of the way. Read More Practice Area Trademark Development From Trade Mark suggestions to comprehensive searches Trademark Prosecution From filing to Registration and beyond Trademark Infringement Protection from Trade Mark infringement, passing off and dilution OUR BLOG Legal Issues E-commerce Businesses Often Face January 9, 2023 The advanced and increased use of online media has made the online business a fast-emerging trend. E... Read More 5 Things to Legally Protect Your Brand Name January 2, 2023 Is a brand name subject to legal protection? This article will help you find answers to all of your ... Read More View All Address: Floor 2, B wing, Silva Heritage Bldg., 29 Sherly, Sherly Rajan Rd., Bandra West, Mumbai 400050 9167903656 advocatedarrendsilva@gmail.com Home About Me Blog Contact Copyright © 2022 Darren D’ Silva . All Rights Reserved. Sitemap Concept, Design & Hosting by Getlegal India Practice Builder