Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies Home About Programme Division Activities Staff Gallery Contact Kwara State University Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies Get Started Kwara State University Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies Get Started Kwara State University Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies Get Started About The Department MISSION/VISION STATEMENT Mission The Mission of the department is to produce world-class artiste(s), with relevant technical and professional skills at the forefront of artistic practices, and scholarship, for the twenty-first century. Vision The vision of the department is to To become a renowned Centre of excellence with a competitive edge in artistic and scholarly training, taught by national and internationally recognized artists and scholars. Brief History of the Department The Kwara State University, established in 2009 acknowledges itself as a centre for community development and entrepreneurship and, therefore, promotes programmes of impact to the community. As part of this vision, the Bachelor of Arts (B.A) Performing Arts programme, under the School of Visual and Performing Arts (SVPA), commenced academic programmes in the 2009/2010 session. The school was envisioned to later metamorphose into at least three departments viz. Fine and Applied Arts, Film and Film Production, and Performing Arts, in line with a collegiate system. The aim of the Performing Arts programme includes empowering and training students as culture producers, especially in the areas of music, dance and drama, with additional bias for community development. The pioneering students who were only two (2) were transferred from other departments when the move to start the Performing Arts programme became a reality. Professor Awam Amkpa was the first Dean of the school, while Professor Ahmed Yerima was the Vice-Dean. Other members of staff were Mr. Malik (Television production) and Dr Femi Abiodun (Music). There were also visiting lecturers, such as Peter Badejo Obe (Dance), Ambrose Macro (Photography), and Aliu Mohammed (Dramatic Literature). In 2018, the Performing Arts, in its bid to revalidate its programme, got a partial accreditation from the National University Commission (NUC) and was fully reaccredited in 2021. Also in 2021, our film unit was reorganised and an application was submitted to the NUC for resource verification, a major step toward accreditation of the programme. The application recorded a huge success in the following year, and the programme is now being prepared for accreditation. Ab initio, the vision of the University was to make the SVPA part of a Film Village arrangement within the University premises. The Film Village was to be the training ground for students of the SVPA. However, the Vice-Chancellor, Late Professor Mohammed Mustapha Akanbi SAN, decentralised the SVPA in 2020 when the collegiate system was discontinued. In view of this, the Performing Arts and the Film programmes are now domiciled in the Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies while Fine and Applied Arts now stands on its own as a department. The Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies, currently headed by Dr. Michael Olanrewaju Agboola, is now in the University's Faculty of Arts. Others who have headed the SVPA and the department (as a programme in SVPA) include Professor Jeleel Olasunkanmi Ojuade, Dr. Femi Abiodun, Prof. Femi Osofisan (Dean), Prof. Christopher Ugolo, Dr. Austin Emielu, Dr. Yemi Atanda, Prof. Oluremi Awogbade, and Mr. Lateef Rasheed. Currently, the department comprises four units: Drama, Dance, Music, and Film. The first three combined make the Performing Arts Programme. Today, the Department has grown beyond what it was in 2009/2010. The population of the students is around three hundred and fifty (350), majoring in the four genres of Performing Arts and Film Studies, i.e., Drama, Dance, Music, and Film. Programmes HEAD OF DEPARTMENT'S WELCOME ADDRESS I welcome you to the webpage of the Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies. This is one of the pioneering departments in the Kwara State University (KWASU). From the outset, it has been an effective and efficient training ground for aspiring youth with creative vision, people whose expectation is to break boundaries in the creative world of drama, dance, music, and film, both in scholarship and professional practice. Since 2013, we have steadily produced graduates who are presently doing remarkably well in their fields of endeavour. It is our aspiration to be the best theatre and film school in Nigeria, and we are doing everything possible to make this a reality. Since our inception, we have been a dependable culture producer whose arts are creditably marketable, nationally and internationally. Our Arts Theatre, which is under construction, is envisioned to be the largest and most intricately designed theatre edifice in West Africa, with state-of-the-art film and theatre studios, when completed. We have a team of lecturers with a passion for moulding young minds into mature dramatists and filmmakers. We are also working hard to expand the horizon of our academic programmes to provide wider opportunities for lovers of arts, both in terms of training and patronage, and this will come to fruition very soon. As you navigate our webpage, I have no doubt that you will find useful information and fascinating sights that will endear us to you. Once again, you are welcome. Michael O. Agboola PhDAg. Head of Department PROGRAMME: The Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies offers courses in specialised areas, such as Theatre History, Dramatic Theory and Criticism, Directing, Acting, Playwriting, Screenwriting, Technical Theatre, Theatre Management, Cinematography, Theory, Editing, Dance Choreography, Dance Analysis and Criticism, Dance History, Media and Film Studies, African Music Ensemble, Performance Workshop, Ethnomusicology and Orchestration, among others. BASIC ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS AND EXPECTED DURATION OF THE PROGRAMME General Admission requirements into the Arts Faculty are as follows: University Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME): 4-Year Degree programme: provide the necessary high-level manpower for metals and materials industries that are rapidly developing; Direct Entry (DE): 3-Year Degree Programme: a) Two passes at the General Certificate of Education (GCE) Advanced Level or its equivalent, with credit passes in three other subjects in the West African School Certificate (WASC) or General Certificate of Education (GCE) Ordinary Level or National Examinations Council (NECO). b) Two passes at the Interim Joint Matriculation Board (IJMB) Examination or the equivalent, with school Certificate Credit passes or its equivalent in three other subjects. In addition to the above admission requirements, others are Secondary School Level Credits or its equivalent, including English Language (for the 4-year programme) or higher qualifications, or a Diploma in Theatre Arts, in addition to the required credits (for the 3-year programme). Credits earned at the SSSCE Level or its equivalent should be discreetly chosen from amongst the subjects in the Arts, Social Sciences and the Sciences. This is with due regard to the specific nature of the discipline of the Theatre Arts with its Social Sciences, Science and Arts. Besides, Theatre Arts has not yet begun to feature as a subject at the primary and secondary school levels of Nigerian Education. Duration of Programme: The programme is designed to run for a minimum of eight (8) semesters for UTME candidates and six (6) semesters for direct entry candidates. The maximum period for a candidate to complete any of the programmes is 12 semesters and 10 semesters for UTME and Direct entry candidates respectively DIVISIONS PHILOSOPHY The following are the philosophy of the Performing Arts and Film Studies programmes: Train Artists which include Actors, Dancers, Directors, Playwrights, Filmmakers, Theatre Aestheticians, Costumiers, Cinematographer, Scholars and Practitioners for the growing Nollywood and theatre industry. Enrich the understanding of scholarship in the two areas of theatre and film. Develop vibrant artistic practices that are community-based. Prepare students for career engagement in the area of drama, dance, music and film at various levels of employment and professional practice both with the government establishments and the private sector. To develop teaching methods that will enable Africans to play a maximum role in the international world of the Performing Arts/Theatre, Film, and multimedia and to lay the foundation for further studies (post-graduate and other studies), leading to specialisation in an aspect of one of the following: Drama/Theatre, Dance, Music, Film, and multimedia. ACTIVITIES IN THE DEPARTMENT Theactivities engaged in by the department include, but are not limited to: Training Performing Artists and Filmmakers, which include Actors, Dancers, Directors, Costumiers, Cinematographers, Photographers, Continuity, Editors, Designers, Scholars, and other Artists for the growing Nollywood and theatre industry; Preparing students for the profession in the practices and teaching of Drama, Dance, Music and Film at various levels of education, and in other places like the Arts Councils, Nollywood Industries and the electronic media; Developing teaching methods that will enable Africans to play a maximum role in the international world of the Performing Arts, Theatre, Drama, Dance, Music, Film and electronic media and to lay the foundation for further studies (postgraduate and other levels) leading to a profession in drama, theatre, dance, film and music; Producing culture-based performances within and outside the University. These performances include student performances, staff performances, command/sponsorship performances, collaborative performances, among others; and Offering consultancy services to the University community, especially on theatre, performances, media-related productions, and community development projects. GRADUATION REQUIREMENTS A student shall qualify for the award of a degree when he/she has: a) Completed and passed ALL the courses he/she registered for, including all compulsory courses and required/elective courses as may be offered by the University/Faculty: b) Obtained a minimum CGPA specified by the University but not less than 1.5 c) Earned minimum credit units of not less than 120 for UTME and 90 for DE candidates. The faculty graduation requirements stipulate that the entire degree programme lasts four years (eight semesters) for UTME or three years (six semesters) for the A Level or Diploma in Theatre Arts/Performing Arts students. Twelve (12) of the elective units must be obtained outside the department before a student can graduate. Degree classification is as approved by the University Senate. OUR STAFF Dr. M. O. Agboola B.A. (Unilorin), M.Sc. (Unilag), M.A. (Unilorin), PhD (Unilorin) Head of Department Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies Email:michael.agboola@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. L. Rasheed B.A. (Jos), M.A. (Jos) Lecturer I Email:lateef.rasheed@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. O. J. Joe Lecturer I Email:joe.odedina@kwasu.edu.ng Mrs. T.B. Adedokun-Richards B.A. (Ilorin), M.A. (Ibadan) Lecturer I Email:temitope.richards@kwasu.edu.ng Mrs. T.J. Adenuga B.A. (Ilorin), M.A. (Ibadan) Art Fellow I Email:tayo.adeyemi@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. M. O. Sanni HND (Offa), B.A. (Ilorin), M.A. (Ilorin) Lecturer II Email:musiliyu.sanni@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. B.A. Adebisi B.A. (Ilorin), M.A. (Ilorin) Lecturer II Email:basiru.adebisi@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. O.J. Ibitoye, B.A. (Ilorin), M.A. (Ilorin) Assistant Lecturer Email:oluwatosin.ibitoye@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. E.N. Aiyudu B.A. (Ife), PGDPR (NIJ) Asst. Chief Technologist Email:abubakar.saad@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:aiyudu.edwin@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. G.A. Adumati B.A. (KWASU) Theatre Design and Technology Email:gbenga.adumati@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. J.S. Okedare ND, B.Sc (NOUN) Cinematography/Photography Email: johnson.okedare@kwasu.edu.ng A.O. Osasona Public Relations and Marketing Email: hermajestynije@gmail.com Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Performing Arts Students Group picture by students of Performing Arts PFA Students Group picture by students of Performing Arts PFA Students Group picture by students of Performing Arts PFA Students Part of PFA 497 performance in 2023 Induction Ceremony Two inductors from the left and Head of the Department during the 2023 induction ceremony Induction Ceremony Mr. Macaroni as chief priest during 2021 induction ceremony Induction Ceremony Dr. Adumati as chief priestess, Prof. Jeleel Ojuade and Mr. Mashood Fattah as chief priest during 2023 induction ceremony PFA Students Another performance by the Performing Arts students PFA Students Performance of Akinwumi Ishola’s Madam Tinubu Induction Ceremony Two inductors (2nd and 3rd from the left) and PFA staff during the 2023 induction ceremony PFA students Performance of In the Chest of a Woman by PFA students Theatre Bulding Theatre Bulding Under Construction Practical Session Film students taking some shots during of their practical session Mr. Seun Okinbaloye Mr. Seun Okinbaloye delivering a lecture at KWASU in collaboration with PFA & Film Department in 2022 Photography Class A practical session in photography class Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies, Faculty of Arts , Kwara State University, Malete. P.M.B. 1513, Ilorin Email: michael.agboola@kwasu.edu.ng . Head of Department, Department of Performing Arts and Film Studies PDr. M. O. Agboola B.A. (Unilorin), M.Sc. (Unilag), M.A. (Unilorin), PhD (Unilorin) Email: michael.agboola@kwasu.edu.ng Lecturer I Mr. L. Rasheed B.A. (Jos), M.A. (Jos) Ass.Prof. Sikiru Ottan Abduraman Email: lateef.rasheed@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/ https://akun-pro.systeme.io/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ https://romawibetofficial.web.app/ http://164.92.81.155/ https://kantinslot.pages.dev/ https://dewaslot88.d3rbpk7bbr3bdw.amplifyapp.com/ https://romawibet.d3rbpk7bbr3bdw.amplifyapp.com/ https://sisapras.ulb.ac.id/images/product/gacor4d/ https://api-mbkm.ulb.ac.id/products/dewaslot88/ http://ftp.noinnion.com/gacor4d/ http://ftp.noinnion.com/dewaslot88/ http://ftp.noinnion.com/slot303/ https://viadinarica.com/media/gacor4d/ Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Romawibet https://armstronghse.com/ https://kmigaming.com/ https://orangeros.com/ https://rajavigorslot.web.app/ https://brusselsstreetstudio.com/ https://waroengdiggers.com/ https://turkanayhan.com/ https://onemanduet.com/ https://128.199.182.206/ https://rockwithleadfoot.com/ https://sulsel.targetindo.com/slot-gacor/