SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., LTD. Skip to content No results Home Products Hotmelt system ▸ Hotmelt tank ▸ Hotmelt hose ▸ Jetting head ▸ Accessories ▸ Small Glue gun ▸ Glue metering and QA Liquid adhesive ▸ Jetting Head ▸ Cold Glue 1K ▸ Pump and Container ▸ Pattern Control ▸ Quality Assurance 2K components ▸ 2K Gear ▸ 2K Piston ▸ 2K Cartridge ▸ 2K Mixer ▸ 2K Dynamic Liquid and Lubricant ▸ Jet Valve ▸ Fluid Dispenser ▸ Automated System ▸ Pump and unloader ▸ High Pressure Valve ▸ Volumetric System ▸ Tip and Cartridge ▸ Accessories Marking and Coding ▸ Laser Marking/Coding ▸ Labeling Station ▸ Cartridge HR Printer ▸ High Resolution printer Robot/automation ▸ Palletizer ▸ Depalletizer ▸ Crate System Applications Packaging Automotive Electronics and Mobile devices Potting and Gasketing Bonding and Sealing Injection and Molding Furniture and Wood Working Greasing and Oiling PUR material application Special Products Cobot and Robot EdgePro Packaging System PUR Tube PUR Track RobaPress Silicone Liner Services About SSP Contact Us Home Products Hotmelt system ▸ Hotmelt tank ▸ Hotmelt hose ▸ Jetting head ▸ Accessories ▸ Small Glue gun ▸ Glue metering and QA Liquid adhesive ▸ Jetting Head ▸ Cold Glue 1K ▸ Pump and Container ▸ Pattern Control ▸ Quality Assurance 2K components ▸ 2K Gear ▸ 2K Piston ▸ 2K Cartridge ▸ 2K Mixer ▸ 2K Dynamic Liquid and Lubricant ▸ Jet Valve ▸ Fluid Dispenser ▸ Automated System ▸ Pump and unloader ▸ High Pressure Valve ▸ Volumetric System ▸ Tip and Cartridge ▸ Accessories Marking and Coding ▸ Laser Marking/Coding ▸ Labeling Station ▸ Cartridge HR Printer ▸ High Resolution printer Robot/automation ▸ Palletizer ▸ Depalletizer ▸ Crate System Applications Packaging Automotive Electronics and Mobile devices Potting and Gasketing Bonding and Sealing Injection and Molding Furniture and Wood Working Greasing and Oiling PUR material application Special Products Cobot and Robot EdgePro Packaging System PUR Tube PUR Track RobaPress Silicone Liner Services About SSP Contact Us Search Menu Southern Supply All of our products have been delicately selected under the high stringent standards and unique design. READ MORE Our Products Our products are used in many renown and international companies. Customers trust us to provide them with products that are reliable, accurate, high performance and easy to maintain. Select from below list to view more of our products’ information. Hotmelt Machine Vision Series Melter is the most advanced hotmelt adhesive melter available in the market. It was designed based on the most possible efficient use of energy. Besides, under industry 4.0 concept, users can connect with the melter effortless through WIFI or internet and no additional special programs required. Read more Marking and Coding Our laser machine provides clients with solutions concerning their coding, identification and traceability needs. We combine different technologies such as hardware and software, services, consumables and spare parts for companies in a wide range of sectors requiring the use of laser technology. Read more 2K system Precise and reliable processing of multicomponent media. No automatic or controlled valves are required – neither for the delivery process itself nor for determining the delivery direction. The gear pumps used in mixing and metering systems are mainly based on two externally toothed gears of equal size (in case of very small types also internally toothed versions). Read more Liquid adhesive and Lubricant machine The Jet series are non-contact glue valves capable of handling a wide range of emulsion adhesive viscosities. These valves are ideal for applications where higher viscosity adhesives and higher pressures are required. The Jet series valves can be fitted with high, medium or standard pressure systems. Each incorporates multi-point pressure control, back pressure relief and low speed spotting, ensuring accurate volume control over the machines speed range. Read more ABOUT SSP Southern Supply All of our products have been delicately selected under the high stringent standards and unique design. You can be assured for our products’ quality. In addition, our service team has been professionally trained and approved by each of our headquarter. Therefore, we have been recognized by our customers for our trustworthiness, honesty, sincerity and superior service quality. Not only the equipment itself, but we also support all your requests to reach your utmost satisfaction.With our superior experience in the industrial field of more than 40 years, we do not want to be just your supplier, but rather, we want to be your perfect partner to share the experience together Read more Service after sales Our service-after-sales is second-to-none in our supported products’ field. With our enriched experience and spares/part stock, our service team can help dramatically reducing your production downtime. Training support We offer free training of our products for your staff to better understanding on how to optimum our products’ performance and reduce any possible downtime at free of charge for both onsite and our training facility. Design and Improvement To maximize the usage of our products, we offer design and manufacturing support to use our products to improve your process and reduce production cost. This include all automation process. Application From our extensive range of products, we serve customers in most of manufacturing process. Some examples are available here, please check to see more information or you may contact our sales for more information relating to your requirement. Contact for more information Click here Experience in the industrial field of more than 40 years, we do not want to be just your supplier, but rather, we want to be your perfect partner to share the experience together MENU Home Service About SSP Contact us Privacy policy Cookies policy PRODUCTS Hotmelt Liquid adhesive 2K components Liquid and Lubricant Marking and Coding Robot/automation SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., LTD. 442 Sukhonthasawat Rd., LatPhrao Bangkok 10230 E-Mail : sales@soutthern-supply.net Tel : 02-5788490 - 4 Fax : 02-5531233 © 2022 All rights reserved