Outpost031 Escape Room Game Dumaguete Skip to content Outpost031 Escape Room Game Dumaguete Escape Room Tickets Reviews Location Outpost031 Escape Room Game Dumaguete Main Menu ClubCorporate events First Horror Escape Room Game in Dumaguete City Play Antarctic Horror If you like to play with your friends as a team and looking for an innovative game concepts, then our escape room game is your choice. Tickets Location Interested in team-building activities for your company? corporate event offer Escape room game improves team spirit and motivation, communication between employees. While solving brain-twisting puzzle games teams develop task and time management skills. The game also dentifies employees strengths and helps to realise natural team leaders. More info 4 Smartly designed locations 1 Live performance with real actor 10+ Brain-twisting puzzle games 24/7 Book any convenient time What is an escape room game? It is a real game in a physical location, where you and your team enter the room, solve different puzzle games, open lockers, doors and escape within limited amount of time. What do you need to do? Get Locked Listen to the game instructions and get locked in the Antarctic Station. Solve puzzles Work together with your team to solve all puzzle games, open doors and lockers. Escape in 80 minutes Escape from Antarctic station before your time is over! Our Escape Room Game Our club Outpost031 in Dumaguete city offers you to experience first Antarctic Horror in the Philippines based on the movie The Thing, the classic science fiction horror movie. The atmosphere of the arctic station of 80-s, interactive gadgets, unexpected twists and live performance will make it unforgettable experience for you and your friends. Escape rooms are great for team-building exercises, as they encourage communication, problem-solving, critical thinking, and cooperation among the participants. The ultimate goal is to successfully complete all the puzzles and unlock the final door to “escape” the room before the time runs out. Unlock all 4 locations and escapeRoam the mysterious Dog's Kennel, navigate the Corridor, step into the Recreation Room, and mastermind your way through the challenging Laboratory. Survive in Antarctic HorrorCooperate with your team to solve all puzzles faster before SomeThing will get you! The clock is ticking, and your success depends on efficient teamwork. Switch on your brainEngage your brain power as you tackle over 10 intriguing electronic puzzle games, scour for clues, and unlock doors and lockers. Get ready for an electrifying challenge that will test your wits to the fullest! Immerse into game atmosphereEmbark on a thrilling adventure and immerse yourself as the main protagonist in a horror movie setting. Get ready to have fun while you navigate through the spine-chilling location. Escape Room Game Corporate Offer extraordinary experience for your ordinary corporate event Outpost031 Escape Room Game club Dumaguete would like to offer your company to have corporate game activities in our club. Book your Corporate Event escape game event advantages: up to 6-7 players per game for fixed price 80 minutes of immersive game experience food and drinks from outside are welcomed game Improves Team Communication and Time Management Skills extremely fun, engaging and unique experience in dumaguete city Ticket price ₱490 per player Weekday price Book ₱590 per player Weekend price Book -10% for your birthday! If your birthday falls within a week of the planned game, you and your entire team can enjoy a special discount! Simply present your ID to avail of this fantastic offer. Gather your friends and celebrate your birthday in style with an unforgettable escape room experience! Book your game Whar Our Clients Say Reviews of our Escape Room Game ★★★★★ 5/5 John Anthony Tindoc The Best Escape Room in the CountryI am not a newcomer to escape rooms. I have played most of the rooms in Manila Breakouts and I have tried Mystery Manila escape rooms as well. The common theme is usually locks&keys and codes. The best so far has been Breakout’s Hush room—which had excellent live performance but less of the puzzles. And now here comes Outpost031 with with their Arctic Horror Escape Room. I didn’t expect too much at the start. But Im very gland I was wrong. This is possibly the best escape room I’ve played in. It’s more than locks, key, and codes. The setting is immersive. And unlike other escape rooms which banks on distractions for making clues difficult, or a short limited 45 minutes, and approximately P500-P800 per head — this local escape room costs much less, allows 80 minutes and uses more numerous interesting and amazing mechanisms (rather than a whole lot of boring distractions). Overall, I think this is the best escape room in the country — and its in Dumaguete. ★★★★★ 5/5 Ryland Sharp This is just what Dumaguete needed!They have so many games to choose from and their escape room is the best I have seen so far. The owners and staff are really friendly; it's easy to see that they really care for Outpost031. Also the coffee they have for sale is of very high quality. I reccomend having one before you jump into VR. 👌 Keep up the great work guys! ★★★★★ 5/5 Tim Latimer The exceptional experienceGreat set up, everything was very professionally done. Definitely can recommend it. I've been to escape rooms in Cebu and Manila and this beats them hands down. You can tell that a lot of care has gone into making the experience exceptional. ★★★★★ 5/5 Kim Chawdhury 10/10!!Highly recommended! Best experience I've had in forever! You can see that a lot of love went into designing this experience. If you're looking for something to do this Halloween, and want a fresh experience with your friends, you should definitely try Outpost031's escape room! Escape Room Game Gallery Congratulations to the team that visited our club and successfully completed the game! Well done on your achievement! Book your game Want to play? Fill up this form and we will contact with you immediately! Or go to Facebook. Book on Facebook Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *FirstLastEmail *Type of ticket: *Regular TicketPersonal EventCorporate EventYour message *Write down game date, number of players and your personal requests.Submit Learn More From Frequently Asked Questions 1. Can I play alone? It’s possible to play alone, but you still have to buy ticket for 2 players, as it’s our minimum. Also it’s more easy to play in a team. 2. Is it safe to play Arctic Horror escape game? It’s 100% safe to play our escape game. We will watch every your step as we have CCTV in every location. You can also stop your game any time, if you will feel not well. 3. What will happen if I cannot solve the puzzle games? We can give you more clues and we can also help you to accomplish problem puzzle games. We created each puzzle game in accordance to average person’s brain capacity and you can even solve some of them intuitively. 4. What should I take with me for escape game? What should I wear? You can wear whatever you like, but it’s better to have something more comfortable while playing escape game. And you are not allowed to take anything with you to escape room. 5. Can I take photo in escape room? No, you cannot take photo inside the room and you are not allowed to bring anything with you when playing our game. You will be provided with security boxes to store your belongings. And you are welcome to do photoshoot after the game in our reception area. 6. Can I just watch my friends playing? Yes, if you are in a group of more than 6 people or if you just don’t want to play while your friends do, you can watch your friends playing in our reception room and wait for them until the game is over. Or you may also have more fun in our VR club, while waiting your friends. 7. Can I cancel my reservation? Yes, you may cancel your reservation, just let us know prior in 2 days. 8. Can my child which is not 12+ play with me? It’s up for parent’s consideration to decide if their child can play escape room game. Only under adult supervision. 9. If we are group of 7 people or more, what we can do? You can split into 2 groups and play by turn. Our maximum capacity is 6-7 players. 10. Can we just walk in and don’t book? We recommend you booking 1 day in advance. We don’t guarantee that escape room will be available if you just walk in. Facebook Youtube Instagram Club contacts Address 031 Kalye Pitong Gatang Street, Turn to Northville, KPG Boloc-Boloc, Sibulan, Negros Oriental, 6201 Call Us + 63 928 383 3399 Working hours 11AM-7PM Copyright © 2024 Outpost031 Escape Room Game Dumaguete Scroll to Top