G.B.COLLEGE RAMGARH, KAIMUR (BIHAR), 821110 V.K.S.U., Ara Useful Links Imp. Places Alumni Feedback NAAC Sitemap NIRF Home About Us Principal Student Zone Academic Media Facilities NOTICE BOARD Short Tender Notice; Dated - 06/01/2024 RULE AND REGULATION OF UG SEM - I (CBCS) EXAMINATION ; Dated-10-01-2024 Notice Regarding UG Sem-I; Session-2023-27 Students; Dated-09/01/2024 Pragramme of I.A. Psychology Practical Exam-2024; Dated-09/01/2024 List of Students who have absented in department of Chemistry (Subject - MJC); Dated - 07/12/2023 More Announcement.. War against COVID-19 e-Learning Study Material www.gbcramgarh.in Online Admission , CLC & CC Portal TR (Result) : B.A., B.Sc. , B.Com. & BBA Click here to View TR (Result) of UG - III ; Session - 2018-21; All Papers Click here to Download Intermediate session-2021-23 practical admit card INTERMEDIATE REGISTRATION DETAILS - 2022 Science - 1 Arts-1 Commerce Science - 2 Arts-2 Science - 3 BRIEF INTRODUCTION Gram Bharti College, Ramgarh, Kaimur was founded on 20.06.1971 as a holy temple of goddess Saraswati for the promotion of rural culture, civilization & knowledge by people representatives, social workers & intellectuals of this region. This college comes under Kaimur district Bihar, far away from the border of Uttar Pradesh, where there is no system for obtaining higher education. The pupil of good houses get the education in Ara, Sasaram, Varanasi and Buxar, But the poor and meritorious ..... [Read More...] PRINCIPAL's DESK Our mission is to impart value added and job oriented education to our students, with emphasis on morality and ethics. The students who mostly come from rural background are from downtrodden families. We train them in such a way that they can meet the global challenges of the present day. With this objective in mind we will start vocational/professional courses in our college like B.Ed., Fashion Designing, and Fish & Fisheries etc. in addition to traditional courses viz. . ... [Read More...] OUR VISION OUR MISSION Our vision is to impart value added and job oriented education to our students, with emphasis on morality and ethics. Most of the students belongs to the rural background are from downtrodden families. We train them in such a way that they can meet the global challenges of the present era. With this objective in mind we will start vocational/professional courses in our college like B.Ed. (Biotechnology), Fashion Designing, Fish & Fisheries etc. in addition to traditional courses viz. Commerce, Arts & Science. We have a dream to commence PG & Other Professional Courses in our college. To promote games & sports activities we have sent a proposal to UGC for construction of Indoor Stadium in our college campus. Efforts are on to construct boys hostel and staff quarters with the help of Bihar Govt., UGC and RUSA. With an idea to promote leadership quality among students, extra-curricular activities, specially the function in memory of great personalities, are held in the college at frequent intervals. Students are encouraged to participate in competitions such as from debate, elocution, essay competitions and many more activities. To make professional and higher education accessible to the weaker sections of society. To ensure that our graduates become dependable human leaders with a strong sense of commitment to the poor, the disadvantaged and the needy. Strengthening the relationship between the university and various sectors of the community and providing a suitable academic atmosphere to assume a positive role by utilizing the university scientific and technical resources. Identifying the needs of the community and offering an academic plan that can contribute to meeting these needs. To increase student outcomes in terms of progression, qualifications, and work experience overall; To provide additional value added opportunities for students through increased recreational and social provision; Develop the ability to formulate independent judgments that reflect awareness of ethical, social, environmental, and interpersonal implications. To build up a general environmental awareness and a community feeling for the locality at the micro level along with the current ecological consciousness on the global issues at the macro level. Â ADMIN LOGIN CONTACT US Gram Bharti College, Ramgarh; Kaimur (Bihar), Pin code-821110; Email Id:-gbcramgarh@gmail.com; Voice-line : +91- Visit on us : gbcramgarh.in [Read More...] STUDENTS LOGIN WEB OPAC CLICK HERE FOR REGISTRATION DETAILS (GRADUATION-2019-22) REGISTRATION (GRADUATION-2018-21) REGISTRATION CERTIFICATE OF INTERMEDIATE -2018-20 REGISTRATION CERTIFICATE OF INTERMEDIATE -2017-19 Home Disclaimer RTI Copyright FAQ Campus Map Route Map Admin