Home | NutriPledge About Us Services Wellness Meal Plans Individual Meal Plans Wellness Workshop Recipe Analysis Medical Nutrition Therapy Blog Log In/Sign up Consult Dietitian Enquire Now Pledge for Good Health by choosing Nourishing Diet Plans Eat with intention, responsibility and confidence X Purchase Meal Plans Individual Meal Plans Institutional Meal Plans Purchase Meal Plans Explore General Healthy Diet Plans & Medical Nutrition Therapy Services for Good Health Our Scientific Approach to Nutrition-Based Disease Management and Good Health Diet Plans Help You Heal. Wellness Meal Plans for General Health Achieve your general health goals and/or optimal fitness targets through our wellness menu plans and good health meal plans. Wellness Workshops and Webinars Explore sustainable wellbeing through our interactive workshops on food intake and health conditions, according to MyPlate, DRI guidelines, etc. Medical nutrition Therapy Services Improve your medical conditions by reviewing your current nutrition from our Health Coach and finding your NutriHealth Score. Recipe Nutrition Analysis and Rating Get your favorite recipes analyzed, colored dot rated by our Food Coach, and nutritionally fact-checked for therapeutic value by us. “Without proper nutrition, medicine is of little use… With proper nutrition, medicine is of little need.” Charaka Samhita Sanskrit text on Ayurveda Integrating Oriental Healing Therapy with Western Medical Nutrition Ancient texts on Indian traditional medicine emphasize the importance of balanced diet and therapeutics on recoveries. Modern science and dietary nutrition have backed this philosophy through preventive medicine and the advancement made by healthcare industries. However, today’s lifestyle is incompatible with recommended food habits. Moreover, the problems of accessibility diminish realizable chances even further. That is exactly the gap we intend to bridge at NutriPledge. By embodying a research-based medical nutrition therapy approach, we seek to nourish the faculties of the body. Purchase Meal Plans Hear From Our Happy and Healthy NutriPledge Family Your program helped me a lot! I like the convenience of getting your professional help, online. I love the personalized diet plan. Healthy, but yummy. :) Samantha Burkes I would like to thank you for your pledge to the well-being of mankind and more to provide such a wonderful platform where I could get a personalized diet plan and advice. It has helped me immensely controlling not only my sugar level, but also manage my weight. Very user friendly website. Rajeev Mishra I have had great success working with the customized plan I received. The first two weeks were a challenge to change the way I eat. Now it is part of my daily routine. I just know what to eat and when. I have lost 20 lbs and have kept it off. Believe me many people cannot do this by themselves. You need help and the Nutri Pledge people are professionals that will get you on the right track. So give up on all the fads and get with their program. Jim Jim I would like to thank you for your pledge to the well-being of mankind and more to provide such a wonderful platform where I could get a personalized diet plan and advice. It has helped me immensely controlling not only my sugar level, but also manage my weight. Very user friendly website. Rajeev Mishra This is a testimonial that I have been with Shraddha for a while. Since I have been with her, I have lost 25 lbs., lowered my insulin,cholesterol, and triglyestics. I feel grateful for her help. I feel anyone who works with her will be grateful. Patti R NurtiPledge has allowed me the opportunity to understand the nutritional value of food. Shraddha has been very good about ensuring my meal plan fits a busy lifestyle. She has customized a plan with foods that I like to eat and that require minimal preparation time. Brandy S I've lost 6lbs in 4 weeks! Thanks, NutriPledge! :) AM 5 Simple Ways Our Services & Diet Plans Work for Your Good Health Get Professional Expertise Ancient texts on Indian traditional medicine emphasize the importance of balanced diet and therapeutics on recoveries. Free Health Coach Try our Health Coach, a free service to evaluate the quality of your nutrition based on key contributors and assess your conditions. Guideline-Based Recommendations All our recommendations adhere to guidelines like MyPlate, DRI, and Dietary Guidelines for Americans to improve nutrition, health, and wellness. Unique Food Rating System Food Coach, our in-house developed colored dot recipe nutrition analysis and rating system, aids us to label nutrition facts and therapeutic value. Accessible from Anywhere Access our wellness menus, tailored to suit your individual needs in conjunction with dietary diversity, on your smart phone, tablet, or computer. Good Health Diet Plans Work for You in 6 Simple Ways Get Professional Expertise Ancient texts on Indian traditional medicine emphasize the importance of balanced diet and therapeutics on recoveries. Free Health Coach Try our Health Coach, a free service to evaluate the quality of your nutrition based on key contributors and assess your conditions. Guideline-Based Recommendations All our recommendations adhere to guidelines like MyPlate, DRI, and Dietary Guidelines for Americans to improve nutrition, health, and wellness. Unique Food Rating System Food Coach, our in-house developed colored dot recipe nutrition analysis and rating system, aids us to label nutrition facts and therapeutic value. Accessible from Anywhere Access our wellness menus, tailored to suit your individual needs in conjunction with dietary diversity, on your smart phone, tablet, or computer. Bridge the Gap between MyPlate to Your Plate Custom diet plans for good health Sign up for the Wellness Workshop Bridge the Gap between MyPlate to Your Plate Custom diet plans for good health Meet Your Health Coach Why You Should Take Medical Nutrition Therapy Services from NutriPledge? Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Member of the Academy of Nutrition & Dietetics, our Health Coach holds degrees and certificates, besides 25+ years of relevant work experience. Fact-Checked and Research-Backed Our colored dot-based rating system called Food Coach and nutrition analysis metrics like NutriHealth Score are scientifically developed, unlike internet fads Sustainable and Clean Ingredients The dietary supplements, menu plans, recipe reviews and meal preps involve clean ingredients for a healthy heart. Holistic Oriental Wellness Therapy Immerse yourself into a holistic experience of traditional Indian nutritional healing therapies for a strong body and stronger mind. FAQs How does medical treatment differ from medical nutrition therapy services? We aren’t medical practitioners diagnosing you with diseases and recommending you medicines for the same. We help you with diagnosed nutrition related health conditions by providing food and drug interaction recommendations. We also help non-patients with individualized meal plans, therapeutic recipes, grocery lists, lifestyle changes, dietary supplement recommendations and much more. Will the dietary supplements NutriPledge recommend affect our prescribed drug treatment? Our recommended dietary supplements do not affect your prescribed drug treatment as we provide holistic food and drug interaction recommendations along with our custom wellness plans. Having worked in close conjunction in several medical settings, our Health Coach has gathered over 25+ years of work experience that empowers her to cater to individual needs. What is NutriHealth Score and how is it calculated? Our in-house Health Coach, a registered dietitian nutritionist, assesses your health based on your current dietary and nutritional intake to award you a score- our very own NutriHealth Score. It gives you an analysis of your lifestyle- whether you are living healthy- and your food habits based on your age, sex and gender. The best part? You can register for it absolutely free of cost. What is NutriPledge’s Food Coach? Our Food Coach is a colored dot food rating system designed to help you eat healthily. We provide it along with a printed version of your recipe/s rates along with our nutrition facts label and therapeutic value, which classifies your food into 1 of 4 categories. Green for healthy balance, Yellow for moderate calories, Green-Yellow marking just adequate calories and Red for unbalance nutrients. What is NutriPledge’s concept of “MyPlate to YourPlate”? All dietary and nutritional recommendations made by NutriPledge are in accordance with "MyPlate," Dietary Guidelines for Americans, and Dietary Reference Intake (DRI) guidelines to help improve nutrition, health, and wellness. Will the dietary supplements NutriPledge recommend affect our prescribed drug treatment? Anybody is willing to learn healthy eating basics- like eating the right foods in the right amount and combination, to prevent/manage weight and chronic conditions like obesity, diabetes, heart disease, thyroid disease, cancer, and much more. What can we expect from the wellness workshops and consultation session from NutriPledge? We explore the relationship among food intake, nutrition, and wellbeing. We examine the root causes of developing nutrition-related health conditions. We recommend science and evidence-based food and nutrition recommendations to help prevent/manage chronic health conditions. How can we trust NutriPledge’s Medical Nutrition Therapy Services, Recipe Nutrition Analysis and Wellness Meal Plans and Workshop to be credible? Our Health Coach is a Registered and Certified Dietitian Nutritionist. She is a member of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, the world's largest food and nutrition professionals' organization and holds degrees and certificates, besides 25+ years of relevant work experience, in several medical settings, serving a wide variety of clients. This not only adds to her authority to be an industry thought leader but a credible voice in the discipline of nutrition therapy. Ancient texts on Indian traditional medicine emphasize the importance of balanced diet and therapeutics on recoveries. 7654916700 Quick Links Contact About News & Blog Career Newsletter Get the latest nutripledge news delivered to you inbox © 2023 Nutripledge. All Rights Reserved Privacy policy Terms & Conditions Follow us