Study in Canada | Best Scholarship Opportunities | Easy VISA Process About Why choose Top Programs Top Institutions Fee and Living Eligiblity How to Apply Top City Study. Work. Live inCanada Get started Submit About Canada Canada is a land of rich diversity, encompassing urban sophistication and abundant nature and wildlife. It is safe yet also exciting; stable yet also filled with adventure. It features cutting-edge technology, inspiring cultural icons, and a vibrant society that is open to everyone. Canadians tend to be modern, welcoming, and open-minded. Canada is officially bilingual (English and French), and across the country, more than 200 languages are spoken. The biggest cities, Vancouver, Toronto, and Montreal, are home to many immigrant communities and one finds all sorts of ethnicities across the country. A tolerant culture is among the top Canadian values—informally, on the streets and public venues, and formally, in Canada’s laws and government. Of particular note is the Charter of Rights and Freedoms that enshrines equality for all. Canada has one of the world's most stable economies. Canada also boasts one of the fastest economic growth rates among the G8 countries, and the International Monetary Fund predicts this trend to continue. The OECD has recently predicted that Canada will lead G-7 growth in the next 50 years. Why choose Canada When you think of studying abroad what factors would you keep in mind? Quality and internationally recognized degrees, cost effective studies, a safe destination of study and a welcoming & multicultural environment – you will find these and much more in Canada thereby making it one of the favored destinations among Indian and other international students to study in Canada.High standard of living: 1 Low Cost of Living 2 Quality and Internationally Recognized Degrees 3 Flexible Permanent Residency and Canadian Immigration 4 Work During and After the Course and Co-Op Program 5 Safe Environment for International Students 6 A High Tech Country 7 Perfect Blend of Nature, Technology, and Culture TOP PROGRAMS Business & Finance Global business Management International Management Business Administration Business Analytics Sustainable business Management See More Core Engineer and Engineering (Mechanical, electrical & civil) Project Management Supply Chain Management Electronic Engineering Power engineering technology Environmental Engineering See More Computer & IT related Applied Information Technology Computer system Technician Big Data analysis Web-development Back-end Block-chain Management Computerize Accounting, Audit & Finance Information System security – Computer & Networking See More Bio-science, Medical & Healthcare Bio science Nursing Biotechnology Medical Office Assistance Health care administration See More Media & Journalism Interactive Media Design Marketing Public relation Journalism & Mass-Media Multi-media communication Graphic Designing – Digital Media See More Agriculture science Agribusiness Agriculture technician Agriculture Economics Applied Science Agribusiness See More Arts, Psychology & Human Resources Human Resources Management Child and youth Care Early Childhood Education Paralegal Technology See More Hospitality Management Tourism Food & Beverage Management Food Production Management Accommodation Management Catering Science Front Office Operation Aviation Accommodation Operation & Management Dietetics & Hospital Food Service Hotel Management See More Architecture Architectural Science Architectural Technology Architectural engineering Interior architecture Landscape architecture Urban planning Project and Facility Management Environmental Design See More Culinary Management Catering Science Bakery & Confectionery Food Production Culinary Skills Chef Training Culinary Management See More To enrol in your preferred course, talk to our experts Top Institutions The QS World University Rankings® 2021 includes 26 top Canadian universities of which three are in the world’s top 50, with 11 more making the world’s top 300 – a feat matched only by a handful of other nations. QS World University Rankings 2021 – Top 10 Universities in Canada Canada Rank Global Rank University 1 25 University of Toronto 2 31 McGill University 3 45 University of British Columbia 4 118 Université de Montréal 5 119 University of Alberta 6 144 McMaster University 7 166 University of Waterloo 8 203 Western University 9 246 Queen's University 10 246 University of Calgary Fee and Living Costs in Canada Living Cost in Canada 10,000 CAD + 200 Cad processing Charges- per year Living Cost has to be paid in advance through a GIC Account. Tuition fees UG/ PG Diploma Programs: $10,000 to $15,000 CAD per year Bachelor Degree: A$ 14,000 to 20,000$ CAD a year (courses in Business, arts, designs tend to be around 14,000$ and courses in science, Engineering, IT tend to be 18000$ or higher) Masters: Degree Courses: 15,000$ - 28,000$ per year (Business, arts, designs programs tend to be around 15,000$ - 20,000$ and courses in science, Engineering, IT tend to be higher) ASK EXPERTS Eligibility Criteria For Bachelor’s/Diploma/Certificate courses+ Flexible admission IELTS score : 6 / 6.5 overall - As per the course and institution requirement. TOEFL : PBT: 550 min. CBT: 213 min. For Undergraduate/Bachelors level+ 70% in 12th grade TOEFL : PBT: 580-600 min. (depends upon course) CBT: 237-250 min. (depends upon course) 12th grade level Maths For Post-Graduate/Masters courses+ 2-3 years full time work experience GMAT : 580-600 min. IELTS score: 6.5 overall with no bands less than 6 / As per the course and institution requirement TOEFL : PBT: 580-600 min. (depends upon course) CBT: 237-250 min. (depends upon course) 4 yr Bachelors degree, 70% avg. Some institutions may require written samples/copies of published work/Portfolio ASK EXPERTS How to Apply Application Process+ The application process varies widely from course to course, and university to university. So, reach out to the universities you are interested in and they will send you their own application packs which should explain you through the process.Most applications to universities in Canada are done through an online application system. Application forms are available through specific university websites, and often require an application fee to be paid. After you’ve completed the application form, attach the necessary documents or prepare to mail them in to the university. Study Permit+ This is not a visa, it’s a permit or a document issued by the Citizen and Immigration (CIC) which allows you to study in Canada. If you hold a study permit, you must remain enrolled and make reasonable and timely progress towards completing your course. The candidate applying for the visa must give the authority a period of 2 months for the Visa to be processed. Documents Required For Visa Application Medical Receipt Academic Certificates IELTS Scorecard Proof of Funds Official letter of acceptance from a Canadian university, college or Technical Institute College/University Fees Payment Receipt G.I.C Payment Certificate or Education Loan Acceptance Letter Statement of Purpose Other relevant certificates Stay Back period in Canada leading to Permanent Residency+ In Canada the students’ needs to complete a course for a minimum duration of 8 months to be eligible to stay back in Canada. Course less than 8 months does not allow a client to stay back and apply for Post Graduation Work Permit. For post-graduation work permit a client needs to pursue a course of duration 8 months or more.If the students’ pursues courses which is of duration less than 2 years, he/she is eligible for a post-graduation work permit of equivalent duration as the course.If the client pursues 2 years course (masters or diploma), he/she is eligible for a post-graduation work permit of 3 years. Document Checklist+ Bachelor’s & Master’s (University) 10th (attested by Principal in sealed cover) 10+2 / Diploma (attested by Principal in sealed cover) Bachelors / Masters – individual mark sheets (Attested by Controller / Registrar in sealed cover) Consolidated/Provisional/Degree/Course Completion (Attested by Controller / Registrar in sealed cover) ELTS/TOFEL & GRE/GMAT Xerox copies with attestation (Official score reporting to the university is required) Recommendation Letters-THREE – in sealed covers Statement of Purpose CV / Resume Experience Letter (if any / if required) Passport Xerox (1st & Last Pages) – with attestation Extra-curricular Certificates (if any) Passport size Photo Diploma (College) 10th (attested by Principal in sealed cover) 10+2 / Diploma (attested by Principal in sealed cover) Bachelors/Masters – Individual & Consolidated Mark sheet, Provisional Certificate or Degree Certificate. TOEFL / IELTS Score Passport Xerox (1st & Last Pages) – with attestation Statement of Purpose CV / Resume Post Study Work options+ International students who complete their post-secondary education in Canada may apply for a Post-Graduation Work Permit, or PGWP, in order to gain Canadian work experience.The PGWP allows eligible international graduates to work in Canada after their studies for a period of up to three years.The Government of Canada provides the Post-Graduation Work Permit to international students to retain them as skilled workers. The program provides an open work permit, which allows international graduates to work for any Canadian employer in any industry.Government policies are geared towards making it easy for students to apply for PR in Canada, when applicable. All colleges and universities have bulletin boards where on-campus job openings are advertised. There will also be websites carrying information about job openings. Employment Prospects+ Canada has been one of the most preferred destinations for international students. As per Forbes and US News released rankings, Canada is considered as the best country amongst G20 countries for establishing business operations. Moreover, it’s also predicted by The Economist Intelligence Unit, that the country will be ranked as the 3rd best country amongst G7 which only implies that ample job opportunities await an international student during and after completion of their studies in the time to come. Students are allowed to work up to 20 hours per week during regular academic sessions, and work full-time during scheduled breaks, such as the winter and summer holidays or spring break. The employment can be Offcampus or Oncampus during the ongoing education and will be full time after the completion of the desired program completion for which students need to have a work permit first. One of the most widely accepted is the Post-Graduation Work Permit Program (PWPP). PWPP work permits are valid for the same length of time of your initial study program (up to a maximum of three years) and let you work in any occupation, as well as change employers at any time. Bringing Dependents and Spouse+ Students may be able to bring your spouse and dependent children, with them to Canada. The spouse of an international student may apply for an open work permit while the minor child/children may study at the nearby school. The student must be studying full-time at the DLI institute in Canada. An open work permit allows the holder to work for any employer in Canada, and does not require a Labour Market Opinion or job offer. The work permit will usually have the same period of validity as the study permit. When applying for a study permit, information must be provided for all family members that will be accompanying the student to Canada. In order for their application to be approved, the student and his or her family will have to demonstrate that they have sufficient funds to support their stay in Canada. In addition, applicants may be required to undergo a medical examination and submit Police Clearance Certificates. ASK EXPERTS Top student cities in Canada United Nations has regularly ranked Canada in the top 10 countries in the world in its Quality of Life Index. Combining excellent educational institutions, an innovative economy, a tolerant and safe culture, and extraordinary beauty, Canada is an ideal destination for international students. In addition, Calgary, Vancouver, and Toronto are ranked fourth, sixth and seventh, respectively, in the 2018 Economist Intelligence Unit ranking of the world’s most livable cities. Popular Cities for Students Toronto Vancouver Montreal Niagara Falls Quebec City Victoria Calgary Ottawa Edmonton Get in touch connect@mapmystudy.com Contact us +91 11 6817500 Connect © 2021 | studyvisacanada.in powered by MapMyStudy