Pest Control in Fresno – Official Pest Pros (559) 382-7300 Facebook Twitter Google RSS Facebook Twitter Google RSS Services Ant Control Bed Bugs Control Cockroach Control Flea Control Rodent Control Termite Home Termite Treatments Residential Termite Fumigation Services Residential Pest Control Tick Removal Blog About Us Contact Us Select Page Pest Control SUMMER SPECIAL $ 49.00* *Call (559) 382-7300 for details to see if your area qualifies. Redeem This Offer Name Email Address Phone Number Zip Code Number Send call us now (559) 382-7300 Rodent Control We’ve been successfully exterminating California rats and mice from homes and businesses since 2001. We know what preventative measures to put in place after we exterminate the nests. READ MORE Termite Treatment Are you experiencing termite infestation at your home? Give us a call right now. Our termite specialists are known throughout the Central Valley and Northern California for our expertise in exterminating termite colonies. Official Pest Pros has been protecting residential homes from termites since 2000. READ MORE Commercial Pest Control Do you own an apartment building, restaurant, hotel, office, gym, store…etc? We provide thorough commercial pest control solutions throughout the Central Valley. CALL TODAY Licensed California Pest Control Company Official Pest Pros is one of California’s trusted in pest control, animal trapping services, control and exterminator services throughout the Sacramento Area, Fresno, Stockton, Fresno, Modesto, and most of the Central Valley and East Bay Area. We offer full line pest extermination services, pest control and animal control. We also provide insect control, pigeon exclusion, gopher, mole, and ground squirrel control. We service residential and commercial properties to treat all pests including ants, termites, silverfish, crickets, roaches, wasps, etc. We also treat all kinds of rodents and we trap and remove wild animals. Our pest exterminators are trained, state licensed, professional, knowledgeable, and courteous. Rat Exterminators Scurrying in the walls? Tapping in the attic? Droppings in the garage? You have a mouse or rat infestation. Call us immediately for a free rodent inspection before the problem gets worse. Call (559) 382-7300 . Bed Bugs Bed Bugs can carry diseases and some people have serious allergic reactions to their bites. Once bed bugs enter your home they reproduce very quickly. They travel from place to place in luggage, furniture or on people’s clothing. Flea Control We take care of fleas year around. If you have pets and live near bio hot spots (beaches, ranches, fields, parks) there are likely flea eggs throughout your house. We know the perfect solution to kill all the fleas and their eggs in your home as well as preventative measures to prevent them from spreading again. Ants, Spiders & Wasps If it’s a pest, we can get rid of it. We handle extermination for a variety of insects including ants, spiders, wasps, termites, cockroaches and more. Give us a call today and the size of your home and we’ll give you a quote immediately. From Sacramento to Fresno and the East Bay! Official Pest Pros is a local preventive pest control business serving all of the Central Valley from Sacramento to Fresno, to the East Bay Area of Vallejo and Concord. We have been providing local residents the best commercial and residential pest control since 2000 throughout California. We are expert pest exterminators on all kinds of pests including ants, termites, flea, rodents and offers animal trapping for wildlife animals. Providing Military discounts to our veterans and active serving! We are fully bonded and insured, which means you do not have to worry about accidents happening during the project. However, Official Pest Pros believes in zero injuries and property destruction as we prioritize safety with our services. Call us today to get a free quote. Affordable Exterminators in California Local exterminators with seasonal specials specific to your area LOCATIONS CONTACT US call us now (559) 382-7300 Trust the Pros Official Pest Prevention started as a small company with few employees. Our loyal customers began recommending our pest control services, and we quickly expanded our business. We started in 2000 in servicing houses in central and northern California, and now we are providing quality pest control to neighboring cities. Our company now offers commercial pest control services, industrial pest control, full line of lawn and weed control services, tree and shrub fertilization and insect control, pigeon exclusion, and gopher, mole, and ground squirrel control. The reviews and success from our customers has given us the chance to grow our company. We will continue to expand to service the greater portion of Oakland and San Francisco Bay areas, as well as other location in the central valley – Visalia, Fresno, and Bakersfield. Proven Preventative Systems What makes us different? We prioritize prevention. Crafted over 2 decades of extermination, our methods not only removes pests completely from your home or business, include preventative measures to prevent more pests from nesting again in your home. We will provide an inspection of the building and after the inspection we will work with our customers to develop an effective plan to eliminate their pest. Plans start as low as $49.99. Book us an appointment today! Give us a call at (559) 382-7300 or via email at officialpestpros@gmail.com.com Our working hours are Monday to Friday 9am – 5pm. Name Email Address Phone Number Message Number SEND Our Service Area Professional Pest Control Servicing Fresno and the Central Valley Official Pest Pros is located on N Gateway Blvd in Fresno, California. Near the Fresno Yosemite International Airport (FAT). You can call us at (559) 382-7300; we are open Monday through Friday from 9 AM to 5 PM. You can also find us on Yelp, Manta, and GoMyLocal. Address Official Pest Pros 1821 N Helm Ave #143 Fresno, CA 93727 (559) 382-7300 Hours Monday-Sunday 9:00am-5:00pm services Blog About Us Contact Us Sitemap © 2018 Official Pest Pros. All Rights Reserved. Call Now Button