Business Analysts | Management Consulting | JanQwz Consulting in USA HOME About us Products Microsoft IBM Microsoft Products Training Microsoft Power BI Dynamics 365 Our Partners Our Brands Careers Our People Help Desk Worldwide North America USA Europe UK Africa Nigeria Select Page All About Business and Projects “Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.” — Chris Grosser “There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.” — Colin Powell “If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.” — Steve Jobs “The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t. It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere.” — Barack Obama “The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.” — Franklin D. Roosevelt “Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.” — Conrad Hilton “Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” — Albert Schweitzer “A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that other throw at him.” — David Brinkley “Don’t be distracted by criticism. Remember–the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.” — Zig Ziglar “You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.” — Oprah Winfrey “Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.” — Charles F. Kettering “The activist is not the man who says the river is dirty. The activist is the man who cleans up the river.” — Ross Perot “​Most people give up just when they’re about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.” — Ross Perot “Most new jobs won’t come from our biggest employers. They will come from our smallest. We’ve got to do everything we can to make entrepreneurial dreams a reality.” — Ross Perot “Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion.” — Tony Hsieh “Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better.” — Jim Rohn Ⓒ Business and Project Analysts 2023 All Rights Reserved Home About us Microsoft IBM Training Our Partners Our People Careers Contact us Resources United States Warner Center Towers 21550 Oxnard Street, 3rd Floor Woodland Hills, CA 91367 United Kingdom 7 Bell YardLondonWC2A 2JR FollowFollowFollow Insert/edit link Close Enter the destination URL URL Link Text Open link in a new tab Or link to existing content Search No search term specified. Showing recent items. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item. Cancel