Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy Home About Programme Events Staff Gallery Contact Kwara State University Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy Get Started Kwara State University Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy Get Started About Our Center Brief History Of The Center The Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy was sponsored by TETFUND under Dr. Ojo Rufus Ajayi in year 2019. Dr. Ajayi was the first director of the Centre from 2019-2020 when Professor Mohammed Gambari took over as director in 2021. Dr Khadijat Toyin Musa was appointed in the year 2022 and the name was changed to KWASU Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy. Dr Olayiwola G. Olorisade is the current director of the Centre. Mission/Vision Statement Mission: The mission of the Centre include: • To address the fitness and health needs of all students at the University as well as that of members of staff . • To promote in students and members of staff, the habit of engaging in regular and appropriate physical activities and exercises • To establish symbiotic relationship between KWASU Center for Wellnessand Creative Arts Therapy and the University Health Services to put healthy living on a good pedestal, among members of the University community. • To enhance the academic output of all students by stimulating more active brain function, better concentration levels and better classroom behaviour through regular and graded exercises. • To enhance the work productivity of staff members, as they would always be in their best physical health. • To use exercise to curb the feelings of anxiety and depression among students and staff members. • To provide the university community with programmes that offer vigorous, fun-filled, health-promoting, physical activity conducive to wellness and personal development. • To create a climate that motivates all students to embrace a healthy life-style, which can enhance their academic studies, build friendships and social skills, develop leadership qualities, and cultivate a sense of ownership and belonging to the university.. Vision: To promote improved health and wellness among members of staff and students of Kwara State University, Malete Goals: • Help our clients to achieve and maintain healthy weights. • Encourage healthier lifestyles through cardiovascular exercises which improve the heart and lungs. • Promote the attainment of a stronger body to handle everyday tasks easily. • Improve mental health through regular exercises Our Programmes DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to the Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy, located in the indoor sports hall of the Kwara State University, Malete. Programmes: Schedule Of Activities On Weekly Basis Monday --- Leg exercises --- 8:30am-2:pm Tuesday --- Upper body exercises --- 8:30am-2:pm Wednesday --- Full body workout/cycling training --- 9:am-5:pm Thursday --- High intensive interval workout --- 9:am- 2:pm Friday --- Rest Saturday --- Cross training /cycling tour --- 7:am – 3:pm Events World Cycling Day Events Kwara State University students recognize and participate in the United Nation’s World Bicycle Day activity. The cycling event took place in Ilorin on the 3rd of June, 2022; while in 2023, the event had students riding from the campus to Okete-tuntun and back. The events had always excited students and participants increase year after year. Some of the pictures of the ride is found below: Ride For Life The research areas include CLTS- Eradiation of Open Defecation, Deforestation and Desertification Mapping, R-ComSAVI- Rural Community Social Assessment Vulnerability Indicator, Integrated Waste Management Study, Indoor-Outdoor Air Quality Assessment, Community Base Health Indicator Assessment, Waste and Waste water management, Groundwater pollution and management, Risk Based Assessment of Pollutant Indicator, Phyto-remediation of Trace Elements and Organic Compounds in soil and water, Application of Natural and Synthetic Zeolite in Remediation of Trace Elements and Organic Compounds in soil and water, Eco-sustainable Thermal Built Environment Initiative and Development, Develop Alternative Energy Initiative, and Research on Climate Change and Global Warming. 5KM Cycling Tour The Centre also engages in regular cycling workouts on weekends, tagged 5 KM cycling tour. This has taken student riders to various locations around Malete, and it has always been an interesting activity that students look forward to participating in. Some of the moments captured are found below: Kwasu Fitness The Centre engages in fitness exercises where staff and students carry out various fitness exercises, some of the exercise moments captured are as found below: Red Cross The Red Cross is a supportive organ of the Centre, providing first aid treatment to participants in need of their service during sporting activities and other exercises in the university. The Red Cross works in synergy with the Health Services unit of the university. Members recently had a training workshop handled by the Red Cross Society from Ilorin, and it was enriching. Our Staff Dr Olayiwola Olorisade Acting Director TEL: +2348035765925 Adebiyi Rasheed Gym/Fitness Instructor Email: adebiyiayo78@gmail.com TEL: +2348151370580 Adisa Alabi Cycling Coach TEl:+2349027741961 Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Kwasu Fitness Your Fitness Is Our Concern Kwasu Fitness Your Fitness Is Our Concern Kwasu Fitness Never Give Up Kwasu Cycling Finalist General Signing Out Kwasu 5KM Cycling Tour Red Cross The Red Cross works in synergy with the Health Services Unit of the University Red Cross The Red Cross works in synergy with the Health Services Unit of the University Ride For Life This event is a collaboration with the Royal Media Group with bicycle rides from Ilorin to Malete Ride For Life This event is a collaboration with the Royal Media Group with bicycle rides from Ilorin to Malete Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: The Centre for Wellness and Creative Arts Therapy , Kwara State University, Malete. Acting Director Dr Olayiwola G. Olorisade Tel: +2348035765925 © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Romawibet Rajavigor Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/