Study in UK | Find Best College | Apply without IELTS | Work opportunities Home About UK Why Choose UK Top Programs Top Institute Document Study. Work. Live in UK Get started Submit About UK United Kingdom, island country located off the northwestern coast of mainland Europe. The United Kingdom comprises the whole of the island of Great Britain—which contains England, Wales, and Scotland—as well as the northern portion of the island of Ireland. The capital is London, which is among the world’s leading commercial, financial, and cultural centres. Other major cities include Birmingham, Liverpool, Manchester, Belfast, Edinburgh, Glasgow in Scotland and Swansea and Cardiff in Wales. 83.2 % of the population is urban in the UK. The main language in the UK is English, which is spoken throughout the whole country. The UK has a temperate climate. In general, this means that Britain gets cool, wet winters and warm, wet summers. The weather conditions are also very changeable. WHY CHOOSE UK? The UK is one of the world’s most popular destinations to study higher education, with more than 500,000 international students enrolling each year. One of the world’s leading destinations for international students, second only to the USA. UK universities are among the best in the world, and consistently perform well in world rankings. They also have a reputation for world-class research. There are more than 395 universities and colleges, offering over 50,000 undergraduate to higher education courses across the UK. High education quality Short duration courses Cost effective Scholarships Apply without IELTS Easy visa process and low visa rejection Work opportunities No language barrier TOP PROGRAMS Business Business Administration Economics Finance and Management International Business Marketing Banking and Finance Accounting International Management Business Analytics Entrepreneurship See More Natural Sciences Biology Marine Biology Mathematics Computer Science Chemistry Physics & Astronomy Earth Science See More Engineering and Technology Chemical Aeronautics Bioengineering Civil and Environmental Electronic Mechanical IT See More Medicine Surgery Dentistry Molecular Medicine Veterinary Surgery Nursing Psychotherapy Biomedicine Pharmacy Medical Biotechnology See More Law Bachelor of Law Criminology and Law Master of Laws Civil Law International Human Rights Law Criminal Justice See More Social Sciences Psychology Political Science History Linguistics Anthropology See More Sports Science Sports and Exercise Sciences Sports Science and Physiology Sport & Exercise Nutrition See More Media and Communication Journalism Film & TV Studies Screenwriting Digital Media See More Arts Fine Art Painting Graphic Design Fashion Design See More CONFUSED about which COURSE or INSTITUTE is RIGHT for you? Ask Experts TOP INSTITUTIONS: The best universities in the UK are also among the very best in the world. The Russell Group is a self-selected association of twenty-four public research universities in the United Kingdom. The Russell Group list is often considered to be the gold standard of academia in the UK; they frequently hit the highest standards of academic, sporting and research excellence. University of Birmingham University of Bristol University of Cambridge Cardiff University Durham University University of Edinburgh University of Exeter University of Glasgow Imperial College London King's College London University of Leeds University of Liverpool Liverpool John Moores University De Montfort University London School of Economics & Political Science University of Manchester Newcastle University University of Nottingham University of Oxford Queen Mary, University of London Queen's University Belfast University of Sheffield University of Southampton University College London University of Warwick University of York Bath University Leeds Beckett University Manchester Metropolitan University Northumbria University Middlesex University Dundee University Strathclyde University Loughborough University Sussex University Aberdeen University Royal Holloway University Surrey University Aston University Coventry University FEE and Living Expense in UK Read More FEE and Living Expense in UK Read More FEE and Living Expense in the UK Tuition fees for UK undergraduate and graduate degrees generally range from $12,000 - and goes up to £38,000 or more for medical degrees. Monthly Living: In London: 1334 GBP per month I Outside London: 1023 GBP per month Annual Living: In London: 12006 GBP for 9 months I Outside London: 9207 GBP for 9 months Cost of living is higher in London and South East England compared to the rest of England and Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. This means that studying in Universities like University College London (UCL), Imperial, and Oxford would prove to be more expensive than getting a seat in Nottingham, Cardiff, or Leicester While these costs may be daunting, remember that most UK universities offer shorter programs compared to countries such as the US (three years for the average undergraduate degree instead of four, and one year for a master’s degree instead of two), so you may be able to subtract a year's worth of fees and living costs from your total budget. To Know More Book an Appointment Major Intakes Read More Major Intakes Read More Major Intakes There are mainly two intakes in UK, September/October Intake and January/February Intake. Some universities in UK also provide April / May intake for a few courses. September Intake The main intake in UK is September intake. It is also called autumn intake in UK. Most Universities in UK offer all the courses in the September intake. The application deadlines for the September intake will fall between February and May of that academic year. January Intake January intake is the secondary intake. Less courses are offered in January intake as compared to September intake, but this intake gives an opportunity to the students who have missed the admission in the main intake. The application deadlines will fall between June and September, and will change from course to course and University to University. May Intake Universities such as Coventry, Northumbria, Southampton Solent, and University of Bedfordshire etc. offer May intake in a few courses for international students. To Know More Book an Appointment Eligibility Criterion Read More Eligibility Criterion Read More Eligibility Criterion The UK university entry requirements vary depending on the type of the course you’re applying for, the academic level, your nationality, and the University you’re applying for. The university entry requirements are made to assess your suitability for the degree course you’re applying for. Said otherwise the application process highly depends on matching with entry requirements and therefore is a section you must pay extra attention. Students who are seeking admissions for post graduate courses need to have a graduate degree of 3 years duration in any stream equivalent to the UK’s bachelor degree. Here are the major UK university entry requirements: Qualifications and Grades. Entrance tests. Language proficiency. ID documents. Experience and references. Interviews Additional entry requirements. To Know More Book an Appointment How to apply Read More How to apply Read More How to apply Undergraduate For undergraduate admissions, the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS) handles all applications in the UK. You should submit your applications via UCAS before January 15th for entry in September (the next academic year). The application process takes place online, and you can choose up to five different courses with some restrictions on how they may be combined. There is a fee for making an application via UCAS. Postgraduate UK universities handle their own postgraduate applications and you can often apply directly through their website. To Know More Book an Appointment Document Checklist + Along with the application form/ UCAS form, a few documents are required to make a complete application Copy of passport Academic transcript* Certificate of graduation Certificate of English proficiency – IELTS/TOEFL/PTE Test/Other Personal statement Reference letters/ Referee Details CV (if applicable) *The following academic transcripts must be enclosed: Class X mark sheet Class XII mark sheet Mark sheets of the degree course Provisional/Degree certificate Any other diploma or certificate or extra-curricular activity certificates Ask Experts Bringing Dependents and Spouse + The Dependent Visa process helps UK citizens and certain visa holders call their dependents to live with them in the UK. With this visa, you can bring your spouse or partner, children, parents, and other close relatives to the UK. The applicant must prove that he can support his dependents when they are in the UK. He must prove that he has the required funds by showing his bank statement. DOCUMENTS REQUIRED: Passport & travel history Background documentation Spouse/partner documentation including marriage certificate Other proof of relationship Income proof of sponsor to show adequate finances Completed application & consulate fees English language skills (not essential for elderly parents you are caring for, based on documents you provide) If calling your child, they must be under the age of 18 at the time of application Ask Experts Study VISA + Study Visa is for students who enrol in an academic degree (Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD course). The length of your studies determines the length of this visa. Documents required for Tier 4 student visa When applying for your STUDENT, you will generally need: Completed visa application form Passport or valid travel documentation One passport-sized photograph Proof that you can support yourself during your stay in the UK: 1,265 GBP/month if you live in London and 1,015 GBP/month for the rest of the UK Parental consent, if you're under 18 years old Tuberculosis test results (for citizens of certain countries) Proof of paying the visa application fee: 348 GBP Immigration Health Surcharge: 150 GBP per year of study Self-assessment form Appendix 8 with attached documents. (not required if you apply online) Other requirements that may vary depending on your country of origin Ask Experts Documents Required+ Passport & travel history Background documentation Spouse/partner documentation including marriage certificate Other proof of relationship Income proof of sponsor to show adequate finances Completed application & consulate fees English language skills (not essential for elderly parents you are caring for, based on documents you provide) If calling your child, they must be under the age of 18 at the time of application Ask Experts Post Study Work Options Read More Post Study Work Options Read More Post Study Work Options: The Graduate Route is a new UK post-study work visa to be introduced for international students graduating in summer 2021 or later. It will allow you to live and work in the UK for up to two years after a Masters, or three years after a PhD. The Graduate Route will be available to international students who have a valid student visa at the time of application and have successfully completed a degree at undergraduate level or above at a Higher Education Provider with a track record of compliance. Successful applicants on this route will be able to stay and work, or look for work, in the UK at any skill level for a maximum period of two years if they have successfully completed an undergraduate or master’s degree. PhD graduates will be able to stay for three years. Graduates will be able to switch into skilled work once they have found a suitable job. To Know More Book an Appointment Permanent Residency Read More Permanent Residency Read More Permanent Residency Applying for Permanent Residence in the UK for non-EU citizens is reasonably straightforward. If you have lived in the UK for a set number of years, legally or otherwise, you can apply for permanent residency. Also known as Indefinite Leave to Remain (ILR), UK permanent residence is an immigration status granted to a person without the Right of Abode. You will no longer have any immigration restrictions on working or business in the UK and no time limits on your stay. An individual with permanent resident status can live and work in the UK indefinitely. You will no longer have any immigration restrictions on working or business in the UK and no time limits on your stay. However, the right can lapse if an individual spends more than 2 years continuously outside the country To Know More Book an Appointment Employment Prospects in UK Read More Employment Prospects in UK Read More Employment Prospects in UK The country's unemployment rate currently stands at a relatively low 4%, and the graduate labour market remains robust and by some measures is as strong as it has been for some time. Competition for graduate jobs is fierce but candidates with the right qualifications, skills and experience stand a good chance of employment. Language skills are increasingly important, making many foreign nationals desirable candidates. The UK has many international communities, so as a foreign worker you'll be in good company. With the UK's diverse job sectors, good working conditions and numerous employment opportunities, it's no surprise that it's a popular destination for international graduates wanting to kick start their careers. Work experience opportunities are available in almost every sector and will vary in length, depending on the organization. To Know More Book an Appointment Top Student Cities in the UK Read More Top Student Cities in the UK Read More Top Student Cities in the UK London: The biggest city in the UK by far, has 17 internationally-ranked universities. Manchester: Manchester has one of the largest student populations in Europe and is ranked 12th in the world for student mix. Cardiff: Cardiff is the capital of Wales and is student-friendly city. Birmingham: The second-largest city in the UK, well-ranked in terms of affordability, quality of education and student desirability. Glasgow: Glasgow is Scotland’s largest city, ranked 8th in the world for student mix. Coventry: Coventry’s top score is for the student mix indicator, where it ranks third in the world, with 42 percent of its students coming from outside of the UK. Nottingham: Ranked 48th in the Best Student Cities, contains two ranked universities. Aberdeen: The only UK city in the top 50 for affordability and has two internationally-ranked universities. Newcastle upon Tyne: international students make up roughly 23% of its student population. Brighton: It has two internationally-ranked universities and is 9th in the world for student mix. To Know More Book an Appointment Get in touch connect@mapmystudy.com Contact us +91 11 6817500 Connect © 2021 | StudyInUK.co.in powered by MapMyStudy