Soroptimist International of Bend, Oregon 0 Skip to Content Soroptimist International of Bend, Oregon Home Awards About Donate Open Menu Close Menu Soroptimist International of Bend, Oregon Home Awards About Donate Open Menu Close Menu Home Awards About Donate Helping women and girls. Applications will be accepted from October 1 - November 15 Apply Now The Soroptimist Live Your Dream Award (LYDA) assists women who provide the primary source of financial support for their families while pursuing their higher education goals. LYDA applicants must be entering into, or enrolled in, a college certificate/degree program. Each SI Bend LYDA awardee will receive $2000, and may be selected for additional regional and national awards. Awardees can use the money for any educational expense, including tuition, childcare and/or transportation.For over 30 years, SI Bend has awarded $65,000+ in educational assistance to local women. 100% of the proceeds from the SI Bend Annual Holiday Wreath & Evergreen Fundraising Sale go towards funding these awards. The oldest continuingwomen’s service organization in Bend. Soroptimist International of Bend, Oregon is a non-profit organization that has been helping women and children in Central Oregon for 81 years. The first Soroptimist club was formed in 1921 by a group of 80 women in Oakland, California. SI Bend was chartered in August of 1943.The name, Soroptimist, means “best for women,” and that’s what the organization strives to achieve. Soroptimists are women at their best, working to help other women to be their best.Soroptimist is an international organization for business and professional women who work to improve the lives of women and girls, in local communities and throughout the world. Almost 95,000 Soroptimists in about 120 countries and territories contribute time and financial support to community-based and international projects that benefit women and girls Soroptimist International of Bend, OregonPO Box 1843Bend, OR 97709info@sibend.org DonateHelp support the work and programs of SI Bend by making an online donation AboutWho We Are Donate