Arteras Home About Services Steel Detailing Connection Design BIM & Pre-Construction Modelling Work Contact Us Every Detail Matters “When making experiences, attention to Detail matters.” “It's the little Details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.” Lets Get Started Watch Our Video OUR SERVICES We offer you the best services Steel Detailing Connection Design BIM & Pre-Construction Modelling About Us Starting with the right idea We have an expertise in delivering steel staircase detailing, ladders and stairs, handrails and guardrails, pipe and racks, etc. amongst other metal building products. Structural steel detailing services involves the creation of detailed drawings for steel fabricators and Erection drawings for steel erectors. Learn More Software Industry Affiliations OUR SERVICES We offer you the best services Project Name Cruise Terminal 3 Location Cape Canaveral, FL 32920. Project Name AALW SELF STORAGE Location 1375 PROGRESSO DRIVE, FORT LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA Project Name WOODLANDS CHURCH Location 190 HOOVER AVE, PLOVER, WISCONSIN 54467 Previous Next More Projects Feedback Customer Testimonials Arteras has always been willing to accept the standards that we look for in detailing and make changes to out prints when we have asked. I understand that making those changes and meeting our deadlines may not always be easy, and everything has been going well with your prints. We are excited about the partnership with Arteras. Arteras has consistently provided excellent service to 5 Star Fabrications, Inc. They are a professional, timely and thorough Steel Detailing Company. They operate on a professional level, are competitively priced and are easy to work with. We highly recommend Arteras for Steel Detailing, and look forward to continuing our relationship with them on future projects. We have partnered with Arteras on a number of projects over the last year and they have delivered quality and timeliness on every occasion, exhibited knowledge in their field, RFI’s and Submittals have been delivered within agreed schedule, with zero delays. We know of no reason why one should hesitate to award a contract to this firm Arteras has proven to be a reliable source for our need and they have performed great and in a timely manner in producing and providing approvals and shop ready drawings for fabrication. We have had numerous jobs detailed, checked and field use/fabrication drawings provided to us for our use in fabricating steel in our shop. We will continue to use the services provided by Arteras for future projects. We had few in-house detailers a few years ago and outsourced most of our detailing. We had several detailers until we met Arteras. Arteras has done all our detailing for about a year and half and are very pleased with their services. Their attention to detail is unmatched. Their management and detailing team are very helpful and eager to make all changes we ask for. I cannot express enough how satisfied we are to have them on our team. Previous Next LET'S CONNECT X CLOSE SUBMIT Awards SDS/2 Customer’s Choice Award 2020 and 2022 Tekla BIM Awards Jury Choice Award 2023 Tekla BIM Awards Popular Choice Award 2023 Previous Next Contact us for more details Lets Get Started Get in touch +1(214)666-5167 (ext. 101) sales@arteras-inc.com About us Services Work