Welcome to Cooper Music Home Shop Instruments↓ Apply for Rent-to-Own Beginner Instruments Step-Up Instruments Other Instruments Repair Contact↓ Appointments Contact Us About↓ About Us Terms and Conditions Frequently Asked Questions Search for:Search Button Our Walk-In hours are changing January 15 – June 30Walk-in: 1:00 PM – 5:00 PM (9:00 AM – 1:00 PM Appointment Only) book an appointment 7 beginner & step-ups We offer beginner and step-up band instruments for the aspiring student and experienced individual alike. We make it easy to buy an instrument, offering three different payment options to fit your personal needs. Click the button below to learn about our plans and to get started shopping! Learn More what we do We offer high quality beginner and step-up band instruments and band instrument accessories to individuals and schools all across the state of Arkansas. We also provide excellent instrument repair services, and are one of only a handful of shops that perform complete overhauls in their own shops. When it comes to band, we’re here for it all! on-site repairs Our amazing repair shop has over 100 years of combined experience of working on band instruments and take pride in their work. We make it easy to maintain your instrument. Repair Prices we love our band directors { I don’t know where we would be without Cooper Music! Our repair is always on time and of the highest quality. Cooper music meets so many needs over and above our instrument repair as well. I know that whatever we need for our band program, Cooper Music will have to us quickly and at a competitive price. We could not be more pleased with the service Cooper Music provides our band program! RALPH BRODY Director of Bands, Clarksville Public Schools { After doing business with Cooper Music for almost 20 years, I can tell you that they are a music company that serves Arkansas with the highest level of customer service and integrity. Hal, Tracy and the entire Cooper team go out of their way to provide Arkansas band directors and students with quality, affordable instruments and back them with a superb repair staff. They have an outstanding reputation across Arkansas—mainly because they approach school band programs with a servant-like attitude. Jeff KeeDirector of Bands, Don Tyson School of Innovation – Springdale { I can’t say enough how much Cooper Music does for music, especially music education, in the state of Arkansas. They truly are a “full service” company that meets the needs of every client no matter the school size. The in school service they supply on their weekly routes is invaluable. I’ve used many companies throughout the south, Cooper Music is by far the finest music service company I’ve experienced in my 25 years of teaching. J.P. WilsonDirector of Bands, Southern Arkansas University Come see us! Address 914 W Main St.Russellville, AR 72801 Weekdays Business Hours: 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM Walk-In Hours January – June: 1:00 PM -5:00 PM(Appointments available 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM) Weekends Closed Contact Phone 1 (479) 967-32731 (833) 684-1885 Mail sales@coopermusic.com SOCIAL MEDIA Cooper Music | Alto Saxophone Alto Saxophone $1,408.00 – $1,860.00 ALTERNATE OPTIONS: Financing with Klarna Rent-To-Own Read below for details. Condition Choose an optionNewLike-NewUsedClear Alto Saxophone quantity Add to cart × About Klarna Cooper Music has partnered with Klarna to provide our customers an easy and secure way to make purchases over time through monthly payments. Get an instant decision on your qualifications and be on your way to owning an instrument in seconds! With our promotional financing option, customers can purchase instruments at the 20% discounted cash price with 0% interest. As long as the amount is fully paid within the given time period, no interest will be charged. *If purchase balance is not paid in full by the end of the payment term, 19.99% interest will be charged until fully paid off. Klarna bases the customer’s payment amount and time period on credit score. **If you feel that you cannot pay the amount off within the allotted time, Klarna also offers the Planned Payments option, which still offers the cash price at 9.99% interest. Click here to visit Klarna’s website and learn more! × Weekly Route Schedule MONDAY• Pottsville• Russellville TUESDAY• Camden• Glen Rose• Gurdon• Hope• Little Rock Christian• Magnolia• Prescott• Southern Arkansas University WEDNESDAY• Booneville• Dardanelle• Magazine• Mena• Paris• Two Rivers• Waldron THURSDAY• Clarksville• Farmington• Prairie Grove• Shiloh Christian• Springdale• West Fork We do not deliver on Fridays. CLOSE