Register Your Business HomeUK Company Company Registration Pakistan Company Registration Private LimitedSingle Member CompanyLimited Liability Compnay (LLP) AOP (Partnership)Non-Profit-OrgnizationUK Company Registration Contact Us #Register Business in Pakistan & UK Company Formation Effortless We are proud to be a certified company formation in Pakistan and UK Get Started Register a company in UK, open a business bank account, and stay compliant - all in one place. Working with these brands Our Feature Discover the core features TOP Rated Just Incorporation provides top rated services for your business. NON-UK Residence Services Register Company in UK from anywhere. All Compliances No need to worry for UK Legal compliances for company registration i.e. Register office Address, Phone Number and Bank Account 24 Support Ask anything with 24 hours of support line. Pricing Our Best and fixed plan Our aim to provide you excellent company formation services at affordable price. We never charged a single panny except the price. Private Limited Company Rs. 25,000/- Completion Time: 4-7 working days. Requirements Three Names of the proposed company Neat and Clear Scanned copies of CNIC's of all the proposed Directors / subscribers Registered office address / correspondence addresss Telephone numbers and email ID of all the proposed directors Get started Single Member Company Rs. 25,000/- Completion Time: 4-7 working days. Requirements Three Names of the proposed company Neat and Clear Scanned copy of CNIC's of the proposed Director / subscriber Registered office address / correspondence addresss Telephone numbers and email ID of the proposed director Telephone number and email of next to kin Get started Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) Rs. 30,000/- Completion Time: 4-7 working days. Requirements Three Names of the proposed company Neat and Clear Scanned copies of CNIC's of the proposed Partners Registered office address / correspondence addresss Telephone numbers and email ID of the Partners Partnership Stamp Paper of Rs. 1050/- Get started Association of Person Company (AOP) Rs. 20,000/- Completion Time: 4-7 working days. Requirements Partnership Deed Signed Partnership Form Color copy of CNIC's of Partners Letterhead Latest paid electricity bill Phone Number Rent agreement/ownership docs of Office premises Get started Non-Profit Organization Rs. 300,000/- Completion Time: 2-6 months. Requirements Memorandum and articles of Association Authorization of principal Officer Rent agreement/ownership docs of Office premises Phone Number Email address Letterhead NOC from Home Department Latest paid electricity bill Get started Limited Company in UK Rs. 40,000/- Basic Package Completion Time: 4-7 working days. Requirements Proposed company Name Neat and Clear Scanned copy of CNIC's of the proposed Director Registered office address in UK Telephone number of UK and email ID of the Director All Incoropored Documents send to you via E-mail. Get started with UK Limited Company in UK Rs. 60,000/- Advance Package Completion Time: 7 working days. Requirements Proposed company Name Neat and Clear Scanned copy of CNIC's of the proposed Director with email Registered office address in UK provided by us Telephone number of UK provided by us All Incoropored Documents send to you via E-mail. Get started with UK Limited Company in UK Rs. 90,000/- Plus Package Completion Time: 7 working days Requirements Proposed company Name Neat and Clear Scanned copy of CNIC's of the proposed Directo with emailr Registered office address in UK provided by us Telephone number of UK provided by us Director Address in UK provided by us PayPal or Stipe Account All Incoropored Documents send to you via E-mail. Get started with UK Limited Company in UK Rs. 100,000/- All in One Package Completion Time: 7-10 working days. Requirements Proposed company Name Neat and Clear Scanned copy of CNIC's of the proposed Director with email Registered office address in UK provided by us Telephone number of UK provided by us Director UK Address provided by us Bank Account Paypal or Stripe Account HMRC UTR Number VAT Number All Incoropored Documents send to your address. Get started with UK hello@justincorporation.com0321-8877911 +44 7476 847590 Company Registration in Pakistan & UK HomePrivate Limited CompanySingle Member CompanyLimited Company in UK Limited Liablity Partnership Subscribe Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. COPY RIGHTJust Incorporation Powered by Just Incorporation