MAXCONSULT.BG - Consultations and Investments Real Estate Consultations, Bansko, Investments, Real Estate, Consultation, Procedures, Procedures, Design, Modeling, Property, Entry Operations Projects Projects BULGARIA COMMINCATES ONLY on the Bansko site - Investments Home.For us current projects Lodge - Bansko Luxury Lifestyle and Holidays in Ski and Golf Resort Bansko Consignment Club Wall Lodge is a magnificent closed complex with super luxury apartments, providing a full rangeTime, beautifully located in the heart of Igles Nest - Bansko consultant Max Consult.bg finds the most appropriate order and way, assisting the investor Bansko Developments Ltd. in the relationship with the owners of the two plots.Conducts the necessary regulation with a plan, forming and directing the investment intent in the most suitable for the contracting authority and all projects McConsult.bg is a member of the latest news 21.8.8.2023 Changes to the Cultural Heritage Act Deputy Minister of Culture Chavdar Georgiev metWith representatives of the CAB, the Ministry of Culture (MK) prepares amendments to the Cultural Heritage Act (ZKN), which will be publicly presented by the end of ... 21.8.2023 A big problem in Italy!It affects many Bulgarians a dramatic workforce situation in Italy.The Confederazione Generale dell'Artigianato Italiano - Confartigianato) reported that almost half of ... 21.8.823 comes a worldwide shock coming to the money coming a major change coming to the confederazione generalezione generalezione generalezione.It is increasingly emerging as inevitable. Money is a promise of value and people are looking for ways for their faster, easier and more secure exchange than they are ... selling the most expensive house in Bulgaria .... it became clearWhen will the employment record be ... The first 20 years Max Consult.bg Ltd., ... great concern in BAS, action for protection of ... started! 25 apartments sold, and ... will Google Campus buildIn San Jose, all news Max Consult.bg Ltd.And with the wealth of experience gained in the years since 1996, Max Consult.bg provides its numerous clients with the widest range of highly qualified consultancy services in the field of law, administrative procedures, for the development and implementation of their ideas in design, construction,for changes in the purpose, legalization, commissioning of sites, representation and mediation.Time/BNB Fixing 04.03.24 20 ° Sofia 21 ° Plovdiv 20 ° Burgas 17 ° Stara Zagora 21 ° Varna 20 ° Ruse CHF 1.59816 GBP 2.31651 USD 1.4962 TIMES in Bansko Useful Calculator Notarial Calculatorof Audit Act Financial compensation for employers employment relationships during the emergency position passage through the CPP for the duration of the Emergency Statute Policy for Protection of Personal Data Amendments to the requirements on fiscal devices Regulation for the Protection of Pers.Time More Useful Information Home |For us |projectsObjectsactivityNews | Services |Bansko | Customers |ContactsUseful conditionsResponsibility Copyright © 2003-2024 max consult.bg All rights reserved!Notary Tax Calculator Sofia Enter Tax Evaluation Registering Mmunness Copy Bank Commission Dekl.Under Art.226 Notarial Fee Total Send to a friend Form Send to a friend Please fill in the fields Your Name: Your ImilYour Name: Your Imail: Country: Phone Number: Enter the code from the picture: Inquiry: The Code is not Correct