Solar Company Fresno - Valley Solar Pros Toggle navigation Get Your Questions Answered! (559) 785-2772 Skip to content Blog Contact Bakersfield Solar Company Fresno September 23, 2018 vspadmin32 Want to Instantly Know What Solar Programs You Qualify for and What to Do Next? Speak With an Expert (559) 785-2772 Glen Barber John Nelson Aaron Brumfield WordPress Carousel Contact Our Solar Energy Experts to Have Your Questions Answered Now! (559) 785-2772 Your Friendly Fresno Solar CompanyNot Sure Where to Start for Residential Solar? Why Go Solar How Does Solar Energy Work? What are the key aspects of solar for my home? What are the key pieces of equipment for a solar panel system? What are the best ways to pay for a solar panel system? How much does a solar panel system cost? What are the important aspects of planning my solar project? Trusted Fresno Solar Company Helping Central Valley Residents Save Money Serving All of:Fresno County, Selma, Sanger, Reedley, Parlier, Kingsburg, Kerman, Clovis, Fowler It’s no secret summer’s in Fresno get hot, and we don’t expect them to get any cooler. According to Electricity Local the residential electricity rate in Bakersfield is 1.63% higher than the California statewide average of 15.35 cents/kWh. Unrelenting summers requires Central Valley homes using air conditioning from sunrise to evening. This is a constant strain on your electricity use just to stay cool, not including pool heating, washer, dryers..etc. So don’t work to hard when you’re looking for, we have our Fresno State football team to do that during those grueling summer training. We make the search for fresno solar panels easy with our decades of experience. We’ll first evaluate if solar make sense for your home, and walk you through our easy 3 step plan. Getting solar panels for Fresno homes has never been easier and make more sense for California homes. highest Total Days of Sun averaging 191 sunny days throughout the year. If you’re having to work hard for finding local, trusted, “local solar contractors near me”, just give us a call to get the conversation going. Valley Solar Pros, all our solar plans to lease, purchase, finance or prepay your new PV system can be customized to match your unique budget and home needs. Experienced Central Valley Solar Contractors Here at Valley Solar Pros we’ve helped thousands of customers across Fresno County save both money and help making our world less dependent on fossil fuels. With Carbon free, renewable energy; helping the 559 save millions of dollars on their energy bills* and generating more than 1 million kWh of clean energy. Solar in the California Valley is a practical, safe investment as electricity rates with PG and E and other Fresno Utilities continues to rise across the West Coast. AC, heating, and pools require tons of energy year around, why not harness it with the sun! Investing in solar is an a no brainer investment thanks to cheaper technology, and California’s progressive climate goals incentivize homeowners and businesses to make the investment. 2018 tax rebate programs and the phase out of the 2025 federal tax credits makes it a perfect time to invest in solar now. We are passionate about solar and are here to help you get your piece of the pie, or rather the entire enchilada of savings. We make finding a Fresno solar company painless and most of all cost effective in saving money! Affordable Solar Panels for Your Home Do you live in the Central Valley of Fresno County? Are you tired of paying $100+ in electricity bills year around? Located halfway between San Francisco and Los Angeles in the agriculture capital of San Joaquin Valley lies Fresno, home of the Bulldogs! The city boasts a typical California season, hot summers, mild cold winters, and temperate spring and falls. Summer’s and winter’s extreme, however overall comfortable weather year and quick access the mountains or Central Coast makes the Fresno area a beautiful place to live. Biking and hiking trails are accessible almost every day because the sun shines approximately 272 times each year. This fantastic amount of sunlight only further helps makes the argument for solar that much easier. So make the leap with a company like Valley Solar Pros, to protect yourself from Bakersfield’s high electricity bills; which are over 30% higher compared to what homeowners pay in other states. If you were to look outside right now, odds are the sun is shining. Think of all the savings you’re missing out on. Protect Yourself From Rising Energy Costs & Outages with Solar Battery Storage Services Solar storage is a service that includes a home battery unit, powered by your solar panels, able to keep your devices running for up to 10 hours during an outage. These are perfect for the valley when you want to run cooling or heating during the night time. It also helps ease Time of Use to ensure you continue to save the most even as electricity rates fluctuate during the day, guaranteeing you the lowest utility bill payment possible. Hedging for the future has never been easier. Welcome to the future of home battery backup! Install Solar for & Save $1000s Our monthly solar lease program offers you all this and more. Maintenance, service, repairs, monitoring, insurance, and peace of mind for the next two decades. Makes perfect dollar sense, right? Or, if you want to truly maximize your savings, explore a leasing program. This plan lets you lock in 20 years of low solar rates today by making a simple one-time upfront payment. This also includes bumper-to-bumper coverage for the life of the product; so yes, going prepaid will give you 100% piece of mind. Fresno County Service Area Fresno Clovis Selma Sanger Reedley Parlier Kingsburg Kerman Fowler ﻿ Schedule your no pressure, education focused conversation with our energy experts to see if solar is right for you.(559) 785-2772 “This is the company to use for rooftop solar systems in the Central Valley” This is the company to use for rooftop solar systems in the Central Valley. Vince handled every aspect of our installation with patient and professionalism - he made it all so easy and clear. We recommend Valley Solar Pros to anyone who's looking for a 'solar guy'. Absolutely the best!!! Debra and Dennis S. Clovis, CA Debbie and Dennis S. Shelton, WA 2018-01-05T07:55:00+00:00 Debbie and Dennis S. Shelton, WA This is the company to use for rooftop solar systems in the Central Valley. Vince handled every aspect of our installation with patient and professionalism - he made it all so easy and clear. We recommend Valley Solar Pros to anyone who's looking for a 'solar guy'. Absolutely the best!!! Debra and Dennis S. Clovis, CA https://valleysolarpros.com/testimonials/debra-dennis/ “Won My Heart” Vince and the team won my heart with his honest and clear evaluation of the practicality of putting solar panels on our roof. We first talked with another company, then I called him for a second opinion. After checking out our house and the way it is oriented, he explained why he did not think it was practical to go solar. He suggested questions I should ask the other company, and even offered to look over the other proposal for us. Turned out the other company ultimately came to the same conclusion, and that was much easier to accept based on what I learned from Vince. Thanks for your help, Vince. Joseph K. Visalia, CA Joseph H. Longview, WA 2018-01-05T07:56:34+00:00 Joseph H. Longview, WA Vince and the team won my heart with his honest and clear evaluation of the practicality of putting solar panels on our roof. We first talked with another company, then I called him for a second opinion. After checking out our house and the way it is oriented, he explained why he did not think it was practical to go solar. He suggested questions I should ask the other company, and even offered to look over the other proposal for us. Turned out the other company ultimately came to the same conclusion, and that was much easier to accept based on what I learned from Vince. Thanks for your help, Vince. Joseph K. Visalia, CA https://valleysolarpros.com/testimonials/joe-k/ Other Information Areas Serving: Huron, Kerman, Kingsburg, Mendota, Orange Cove, Parlier, Reedley, San Joaquin, Sanger, Selma, Auberry, Big Creek, Biola, Bowles, Calwa, Cantua Creek, Caruthers, Centerville, Del Rey, Easton, Fort Washington, Friant, Lanare, Laton, Malaga, Mayfair, Minkler, Monmouth, Old Fig Garden, Raisin City, Riverdale, Shaver Lake, Squaw Valley, Sunnyside, Tarpey Village, Three Rocks, Tranquillity, West Park Services Residential Solar Installation Agriculture Solar Solar Heating for Pools Fresno PV Requirements Propane to Solar Migration Flexible Financing Options Custom Energy Solutions Designed for Your Home & Lifestyle Prioritize Customer Service Learn About Battery Storage Curious About Solar for You Business? Company Logo: Frequently Asked QuestionsWhy Go Solar ? Net Environmental Return – Reduce your environmental impact. Both your carbon emissions and water usage are significantly reduced when you switch to solar. Reduce Electricity Bills You can start saving on your electric bill from day one. Avoid utility rate hikes and fees for decades to come. Energy Independence Be prepared with a home battery backup system. Free yourself from utility policy changes and protect your home when the grid goes down. Increase Home’s Value Be prepared with a home battery backup system. Free yourself from utility policy changes and protect your home when the grid goes down. What are the key aspects of solar for my home? Net Energy Metering (NEM) – NEM is a policy that allows you to generate and receive energy to and from the grid through your electrical meter. Traditional utility consumers pull energy from the main electrical grid, use the energy in their home, while the meter counts how much is used. With PV solar, you can push your excess energy into the grid during the day and pull it during the night to use for lights, electronics, air conditioning/heating or anything else you may need that requires electricity. Grid Connection – After you go solar, you will still be connected to the utility’s grid. This is so you can take advantage of NEM to maximize the value of your system. Essentially the grid functions as a bank storing your energy from your solar panels until you are ready to use it. With a battery backup system and secure power supply, you can use the energy from your system when the grid goes down. Energy Credits – When you don’t use all the energy your system produces during a day, that energy will “roll” over to the next day and so forth. This happens day after day, month after month, but not year after year. This allows you to use all the energy you produce with your solar system. If you have higher usage months (AC, guests, holidays, etc) you draw from the extra energy credits you earned earlier in the year. Yearly Settlement – Once a year you “square up” with your utility. It’s where you settle the balance on your energy credit over the past year. Consuming more than you produce you pay the utility for the excess energy you pulled from the grid. Producing more energy than you consume, the utility will pay you for the excess energy at a sub-retail rate. How Does Solar Energy Work? 1. Your photovoltaic (PV) Solar Panels convert sunlight to DC electricity. 2. Your Inverter converts DC (Direct Current) electricity to AC (alternating current). 3. Generated PV electricity converted to AC is used to power your home. 4. Excess electricity is sent to the grid for a credit, or stored in a battery if you choose to install one in your home. What is a Kilowatt-Hour? What are the key pieces of equipment for a solar panel system? Here are the most important equipment components to the standard solar panel system for your home. Solar Panels – Solar panels are modular components, generally rectangular in shape – approximately 3 ft by 5ft. The panels contain silicon cells that when exposed to sunlight, create a flow of direct current (DC) electricity. Panels will vary in size, electrical output (measured in Watts), efficiency, and even color. Most solar panels today have either a black or silver metallic frame. The cells will usually appear a dark blue or black in the light. Panels can be mounted to a home or building’s roof structure, or installed on a ground-mount racking structure. Note: When thinking about where to strategically place solar panels for a home, it’s important to consider factors that will affect the system’s energy production (measured in kWh). Shade from trees, should be taken into consideration. In the Northern Hemisphere, facing south generally the best orientation for maximum output. Inverters The inverter is a device that converts (or if we’re being techincal inverts) direct current electricity produced by the PV solar array(s) into distributed alternating current, (AC electricity). There are several different types of inverters a solar installation might employ. String inverters are the simplest, most mature inverter technology. This is where the DC from groups of solar panels linked in series are fed into the inverter. The inverter puts out AC electricity which is then fed to the home’s electrical system. Micro-inverters are small, modular inverters that are installed behind each solar panel in an array (1:1) and effectively contain the AC energy production of each panel so that the reduced production of one panel does not affect the output of the entire solar array. Racking System A racking system is how your solar panels are be mounted to your home’s roof or ground mount system (popular for commercial installations). While some racking systems may vary in their appearance or modularity, they exhibit similarities in their form and function. It’s important to make sure your racking system, if roof-mounted, is properly flashed and sealed to ensure your roof is well-protected against the elements. Areas with high winds or volatile weather require extra secure racking systems. Roof racking systems vary slightly depending on the type of roof. Monitoring System It’s important that every residential solar system has its own monitoring system. This is the application that will allow you to view and measure real-time and historical energy production data for your home. Some monitoring systems display this energy production data via a physical display unit, while others employ an online interface, or both! As “smart” or connected homes become more wide spread, solar installers can provide whole-house energy consumption monitoring. In order to ensure your solar system is producing energy efficiently, it’s important to make sure your solar panels are paired with an energy production monitoring system. Our Office Valley Solar Pros Facebook Linkedin YouTube © Valley Solar Pros, Serving the Central Valley California | (559) 785-2772