Crown Entertainment Platform ✪ Welcome to [IF LT IE 9]> <! [Endif]-> Crown regular entertainment platform ✪ Welcome to the homepage |4G value -added network distribution | Crown New Sports APP | Contact Us China Telecommunications Micro Department intensive comprehensive management system to adopt the front and back full -back complete separation technology, through label (support labeling, judgment label, custom label, file cycle nested, etc.) plus) plus) plus) plus) plusTemplate technology. Pure static pages on the whole station.DOWNLOAD details Micro shop single -page, single -page index, news, product display, download, friendship link, online mall, online payment, distribution, payment method management, advertising and other modules.The DOWNLOADLEARN MORE traffic convenience store is based on jQuery.mobile and HTML5 technology framework. The front and background is completely separated. The tag and template technology are used to generate a pure static page in the whole station.The DOWNLOADLEARN MORE distribution platform is based on jQuery.mobile and HTML5 technology framework. The front and back are completely separated. The tag and template technology are used to generate a pure static page in the whole station.DOWNLOADLEARN more ?? Latest dynamics: The 2016 annual record on the 2015 annual meeting of the 2015 annual meeting is enthusiastically celebrating the official website of Nanjing Crown Entertainment Platform Company!Ministry of Industry and Information Technology: I have interviewed China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom China Telecom Tianyi 4G comprehensive listing the first "use traffic free voice" operation support traffic operation, 189 mailbox operation, base business operations, various portal operations, WeChat operation and other applications and development intelligenceMarketing system, cloud marketing order system development, mobile Android applications, iOS application development, WeChat platform development 4G value -added short video value -added products, portable magazines, colorful game life packages and other types of 4G value -added products network distribution telecommunications channel cooperation, will all kindsChannel integration to the core platform, the network distribution model, Nanjing Crown Crown Entertainment Platform Co., Ltd., was established in 2005. The business of 10 million registered funds involves SMS, MMS, Bell Bell, Mobile Newspaper, Mobile Games, mailbox operation support support, Portal operation support, traffic operation and operation support, and Internet interactive marketing areas such as value -added.At present, it has served 15 operators and provincial branches across the country. With the strong support of the provincial branches, it has developed with business and has accumulated rich product operation and operation.More all operations support application development 4G value -added network distribution MORE's follow -up response speed. From 2008, we have continued to support the operation of operations, and we have been recognized by partners.EssenceThe mature support mentality. This is the work mentality that has always been insisted on the operation support of the Crown Entertainment Platform. Think of everything to quickly support this work, but consider incremental income.Rich and experienced development, maintenance, and support experience.Since 2009, we have supported 15 provinces.Excellent team's strong R & D capabilities, with the ability of various systems such as iOS, Android, Web, etc., and have strong editing and marketing planning teams.Team Style MORE Crown New Sports APP Web Design/Art Design (Nanjing) More contacts us in the window of Greenland, No. 5 Greenland, Johnskilit Street, Nanjing, Nanjing, C5 1101 210000 025-84731326 Huilongkj@189.cn More CopyrightCompany. ALL RIGHTS Reserved. Su ICP No. 11032112 OA system login XML Map | Sitemap Map