WhereGroup.com.au Home About us What We Do What We Do What We Don’t Do Research Strategy Mortgage Brokers Downloads Media Blog Contact Todd Hunter Rebecca Hunter Anthony Parker ✕ We're buying propertiesin WA with 5%+ yields. Talk to us today! What We Do We buy houses for investors – Simple! What better way to invest than to piggyback off a professional property investor? Imagine having the ability to get into locations that no one else knows about, and buy properties at the cheapest price possible. Then just sit back and watch the herds of investors that always follow a year or so later, and push the values of our houses upwards. Meanwhile we're doing the same strategic buying in our next secret spot. That’s what all of our clients do with our property investment advice! Learn More »» Meet The TeamTodd HunterBuyers agent Mortgage Broker Professional Investor Rebecca Hunter (Bec)Mortgage Broker Sales and Marketing Property Investor Anthony ParkerBuyers agent Mortgage Broker Professional Investor Our BlogYou pay insurance premiums to cover your property, but it’s only when you need to make a claim you see how good your insurer is… December 4, 2023 0Anchoring expectations – If you think the RBA is bluffing, think again… May 3, 2023 0Brace yourself – The mortgage cliff is coming February 7, 2023Are you giving your tenant a $8,000 gift each year? November 2, 2022 Todd's Resources Todd Hunter began investing in property in 2002. As a mortgage broker and buyers agent, he amassed a portfolio of 50 properties by the age 31. Learn More »» Our Location MAILING ADDRESS wHeregroup Pty Ltd PO Box 1250 Cronulla NSW 2230 STREET ADDRESS Level 2/30 The Kingsway (End of Cronulla Mall nr the Stage) Learn More → About Us → What We Do → What We Don’t Do → Research → Strategy → Mortgage Brokers → Resources → Contact Markets We Serve → Sydney, NSW → Melbourne, VIC → Brisbane, QLD → Perth, WA → Adelaide, SA Call Us Today Telephone: (02) 9544 5554 Copyright © Hand Select Pty Limited Privacy Statement | Complaints and Concerns | Disclaimer