Administrative Management Consulting |GED |ECM |Basasoft The company Solutions Solution for Electronic Document Management.Structured and efficient subscription collection solution.Workflux: process management solution of your company.Index: Solution to extract and index your data intelligently.News Contact us Testimonials Customer Customer Customer Area Basasoft Ged The company Basasoft Consultoria, offers GED (Electronic Document Management) solutions on a 100% online platform, which enables any internet user to manage their documents with a simple browserinternet.Our solutions have a complete suite, for the whole flow of the life of documents.ENTRY |Processing |Storage |Access Management Solutions Solution for Electronic Document Management.Have a coffee while your documents are easily digitized and processed.Structured and efficient subscription collection solution.Digital signature with or without digital certificate, with seal of the National Institute of Information Technology and ICP Brazil.Workflux: process management solution of your company.Best technologies in the market to perform recognition and processing.Index: Solution to extract and index your data intelligently.Manage your boxes, shelves, shelves, sectors and warehouses in a matter of minutes.Yes, minutes, this is the time we need to create a WMS for documents.Request a visit to send news municipalities of Minas Gerais invest in innovation to improve cloud computing management enhances public service and facilitates the daily life of the population ... Read more digital transformation is the way in live from XP Private, president of Google Brazil,Fábio Coelho says brands need to connect with Idei ... Read more with coronavirus processes, TJ will hire a company to scan 2 million doc today, only 24% of the total actions that are processed in the State Court are electronic... Read more "Haus sofa teaches how digital tools help your brand in the decoration market" At the invitation of IntePrint, the world leader in the world leader in decorative roles for furniture, Haus talks to D ... Read more digitization of service to servicePublic increases with the pandemic more than 200 federal public service modalities have been transformed into digital platforms .... Read more CIEE enables hiring interns through electronic signature Provisional Measure 983 reinforced the legal validity of documents signed by public agencies and companies Pri... Read more ISO 9001 what is ISO 9001?What is it for?Benefits? ... Read more step by step for GED implementation GED deployment ... Read more solution to your business meets the legal parameters ... Read more digital document management solutions ... Read moreWhat is GED?GED ...... Read more videos want to understand why use electronic document management in your business?See the videos below.Testimonials "The moment we live in, needs means that our services or activities will be created more practical. Delete role in our processes ..." Francisco Eugênio "Basasoft products have been revolutionizing, making our company more ecological andAgile. Ecological, avoiding use of papers. Agile, digitali ... "Jânio Santos" The Clinical Dental Clinic is implementing Electronic Document Management (GED), offered by Basasoft. In order to optimize temp ... "Dr. FredericoAllan Leite Ferreira "We knew Basasoft a short time ago, their solutions have attended what we are looking for for our office. We are implementing the solutions of ..." Diego Rodrigo dos Santos Trivellato Next previous send your talk to us customers see all partners see allUseful Links Law of Bureaucracy: Law No. 13.726/2018 Brazilian Federal Legislation CONARQ - Ministry of Justice and Public Security The company who is mission Vision Rh Talent Bank Send your resume Solutions Solution for Electronic Document Management.Structured and efficient subscription collection solution.Workflux: process management solution of your company.Index: Solution to extract and index your data intelligently.Where we are location testimonials request a visit we call you follow our networks @basasoft.Consultoria Basasoft © 2020 - Basasoft developed with ♥ by