Institute of Professional and Continuous Education (IPCE) Home About Programme Staff Contact Kwara State University Institute of Professional and Continuous Education (IPCE) Get Started Kwara State University Institute of Professional and Continuous Education (IPCE) Get Started About Our Institute Brief History Of The Institute The Institute was created as a coordinating unit for all professional degree programmes of Kwara State University, Malete. Beginning from the 2013/2014 Academic Session, the Kwara State University introduced Professional Degree Programmes which is aimed at preparing graduates that will simultaneously be prepared for the professional examinations of various professional institutions relevant to the degree programmes. The curricula of the Professional Degree Programmes have therefore been prepared in such a way that will accommodate the various curricula of professional examination bodies, in addition to fulfilling the requirements of the National Universities Commission Accredited Academic Programmes. Mission/Vision Statement Mission: To provide a level playing field by way of bachelor degree program, to those determined to fulfil their interest in degree certificates. Vision: To promote self-actualization and imbue professional fulfilment with dignity. Units The Institute currently houses three (3) Units: • The Professional Degree Programme (PDP): The Professional Degree Programme prepares undergraduate students for professional examinations of various professional Institutions relevant to the degree programmes for which they were offered admission. Presently, the Institute have affiliations with various professional bodies such as the Institute of Chartered Accountant of Nigeria (ICAN), the Institute of Strategic Management of Nigeria (ISMN), the Nigeria institute of Marketing (NIM), the National Institute of Management of Nigeria (NIMN), Advertising Practitioner Council of Nigeria (APCON), Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN), Nigeria Institute of Public Relation (NIPR), Computer Professional Registration Council of Nigeria (CPRCN), Chartered institute of taxation of Nigeria (CITN), and Chartered Institute of Public Diplomacy and Management (CIPDM). Currently, there are seven (7) programmes under the Professional Degree Programme viz: B.Sc. Computer Science, B.Sc. Mass Communication, B.Sc. Accounting, B.Sc. Finance, B.Sc. Public Administration, B.Sc. Economics, B.Sc. Business Administration and Entrepreneurship. • Top-Up Degree/HND Conversion Programme The Top Up Degree/HND Conversion Program was designed to address the dichotomy between B.Sc. and HND certificate holders, with the major aim of providing a level playing field, by way of a Bachelor’s Degree Programme. Providing a platform upon which an HND holder or a University Degree holder, hitherto dissatisfied with his/her class of Degree could “Top Up” and come out better. A holder of a University Degree who may wish to cross into other related disciplines is also afforded the opportunity through this programme. At present, there are Twenty-Four (24) degree programmes spanning across the six (6) Faculties of the University: Faculty of Humanities, Management and Social Sciences; Faculty of Engineering; Faculty of Information Communication Technology; Faculty of Pure and Applied Sciences; Faculty of Education; and Faculty of Agriculture. • Part-time Programme (IDEL) The part-time degree programme (IDEL) was designed to draw holders of National Diploma (ND), Nigeria Certificate in Education (NCE) and full-time workers willing to fulfil their desirability for degree certification. It is a programme created with the strategy to expand the reach of the institute while generating additional income for the university. Our Programmes/Activities Director's Welcome Address I extend a warm welcome to you on behalf of the Institute of Professional and Continuous Education, IPCE at our esteemed University. It is our pleasure to have you explore our website and discover the wealth of opportunities we offer in the realm of lifelong learning and professional development. Our institute is committed to providing high-quality education and training that empowers individuals to thrive in today's dynamic world. Whether you are a seasoned professional looking to enhance your skills or someone eager to embark on a new learning journey, we have a diverse range of programs and courses tailored to meet your needs. At the Institute of Professional and Continuous Education, we believe in fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and excellence. Our dedicated faculty and staff are here to support your educational aspirations and help you achieve your goals. As you navigate through our website, I encourage you to explore our program offerings, resources, and the vibrant community that makes our institute unique. If you have any questions or need assistance, please do not hesitate to reach out to our team. We are here to guide you every step of the way. Thank you for choosing the Institute of Professional and Continuous Education at our university as your partner in lifelong learning. We look forward to being a part of your educational journey and helping you succeed in your professional endeavours. Warm regards, Prof. Mubaq SANNI – Director Institute Programmes The following Professional Degree Programmes were approved by the University Senate commencing from the 2013/2014 Academic Session: 1. Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) Accounting 2. Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) Economics 3. Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) Business Administration 4. Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) Mass Communication The Institute thereafter reached out to more professional institutes to ensure the commencement of more programmes in the 2014/2015 Academic Session: 1. Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) Finance 2. Bachelor of Science (B. sc.) Computer Science 3. Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) Entrepreneurship 4. Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.) Public Administration Activities Before the restructuring of IGR Centres by the Vice-Chancellor, the Institute houses two (2) programmes i.e. The Professional Degree Programme (PDP) and Top-Up Degree/HND Conversion Programme. Based on the restructuring of IGR Centres, the mandate of the Institute includes the following: To develop and facilitate: Opportunity for both Professional and Continuous education Academic and Professional certification that are purely undergraduate (Top up/HND conversion) based-degree, abridged degree programmes etc Part-time programmes and professional certification Collaboration with professional bodies to enhance student’s marketability Based on the mandate and in order to expand the IGR drive of the institute, the Abridged Degree Programme was incorporated to be the third IGR programme under the Institute which was part of the mandate of Distance and E-Learning before the restructuring. Currently, the Institute houses three (3) programmes viz: The Professional Degree Programme (PDP), Top-Up Degree/HND Conversion Programme and IDEL programme. Achievements/Milestones Consequence upon the inception of the Institute, the following achievements and exceptional performances were recorded: Non-academic Staff Development: Given the constraint encountered by non-academic staff of the University (not to embark on full-time academic pursuits), the Institute, through the Top-Up Degree/HND Conversion Programme has provided a viable alternative for attaining academic development without breaking the extant rules and regulations of the University. Through this opportunity, the Institute has effectively graduated thirty-six (36) non-academic staff cutting across different programmes and disciplines while a total of Twenty-Five (25) non-academic staff are currently pursuing their Bachelor's Degree in various disciplines of their choice. With this staff development initiative, staff productivity is hoped to improve in the long run, which will impact positively on KWASU's growth and development. Construction and Upgrading of Facilities at the KWASU International Conference Centre The Institute has been able to upgrade the KWASU International Conference Centre to a full fledge teaching environment through the construction and upgrading of classroom facilities, solely financed by the revenue generated by the Institute. So far, the following construction and renovation works have been completed and are put to use by both the Institute and the University at large. These include the following: Construction of six (6) classrooms story building with Eight Hundred (800) students’ capacity and modern toilet facilities. Construction of two (2) classrooms with One Hundred (100) student capacity. Construction of guest chalet (a story building of ten (10) rooms) for participants of KWASU-organized conferences, and other guests of the University. Construction of a two-storey building of fifteen classrooms with students’ capacity of five hundred and thirty (530). Provision of furniture in the constructed classrooms. Our Staff Prof. Mubaraq Sanni Director, IPCE Email: mubaraq.sanni@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. Sefiu Adekunle Bello Deputy Director, IPCE Email: sefiu.bello@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. Salaudeen Ibrahim Deputy Director, IPCE Email:salaudeen.ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. Issa Yahaya Maintenance Officer Email:issayahay611@gmail.com Mr. Babatunde Ganiyu Head of Student Affairs Unit for Top-Up/HND Conversion Program Email:padedotunde@gmail.com Mr. Mohammed Tsadu Abubakar Chief Security Officer Email:mohammed.tsadu01@gmail.com Mr. Olukotun Usman Olamilekan Administrative Officer Email:usman4real1@gmail.com Mrs. Umar Khadijat Mena Administrative Officer Email:khadijat2004@gmail.com Mrs. Abdulkadir Balikis Omowumi Faculty officer for Agric Science and Food Technology (TOPUP) Email:abdulkadirbalikis21@gmail.com Mr. Habib olayinka Malik Admin officer for business administration Email:habibolayinka0@gmail.com Mrs. Rizikiyat Sulyman Mohammed Faculty officer of Pure and Applied science in IPCE Email:arinolarizikiyat@gmail.com Mr. Ganiyu Olanrewaju Abdulraheem Institute Secretary Email:ganiyu.abdulraheem@kwasu.edu.ng Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: KWASU International Conference Centre, Behind Ayoka Filling Station, Agric Estate, Off Old Jebba Road, Sango Area, Ilorin, Kwara State. Tel: 0803-429-2139, 0803-572-8888, 0803-116-3417, 0802-325-6379 Email: ips.topup@kwasu.edu.ng Director Prof. Mubaraq Sanni Email: mubaraq.sanni@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Rajavigor Gacor4d Dewaslot88 Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/