Front Page - HBCC HUDSONBROTHERS CONSTRUCTION COMPANY (252) 353-20001450 E. Arlington Blvd. About Our History Our Company Mission Statement Leadership Current Projects Portfolio Automotive Banking Commercial Healthcare Dental Hospital Medical Hospitality Industrial & Warehouse Institutional Multi-family Pre-engineered Metal Buildings Religious Retail Design/Build testimonials Employment Contact Creating a space that works for you Hudson Brothers Construction Company, headquartered in Greenville, brings over 50 years of construction experience to eastern North Carolina. Our company combines an innovative, professional staff supported by extensive technical resources to assist clients in meeting their needs from initial planning through design and construction. The end result is a coordinated, quality project delivered in a timely and cost-effective manner. Portfolio Design/Build Leadership Testimonials Our two dealerships have worked with Hudson Brother’s numerous times over the past 10 years and I cannot emphasis enough how pleased we have been with their quality of work and professionalism. Hudson Brothers built us a state of the art facility and keeps our other facility up to date. They are a family centered company and the best example of that is exemplified by their employees and the way they treat their customers. Anyone looking for commercial construction help needs to give Lynn and his team a call first. Chip Davis Vice President East Carolina Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram FIAT Thank you Hudson Brothers, for a fantastic job done on our Ronald McDonald House of Eastern NC. The expansion and remodel of the existing space was a total pleasure to oversee, the coordination and collaboration was excellent, the staff and I all enjoyed working with the entire Hudson Brothers team. Leo Van Buuren, Area Construction Manager What can one say about Hudson Bros? We have used them on at least 4 occasions and with the same results, let me explain. We originally hired them back in 2007 to demolish the inside of an existing structure and do a complete remodel. After putting in a VERY competitive bid they did everything according to contract and in several circumstances went above and beyond, even finishing well ahead of the agreed upon time of completion. Amazingly, the results have been the same in every instance we have used them and they just finished another remodel in early 2020. Honestly, I have never dealt with any other construction company that has been as honorable, as complete, as responsive, or as thorough as Hudson Bros. Trust, something money cannot buy and I have trust in Hudson Bros. Mark H. In a word…OUTSTANDING. We used Hudson Brothers the first time in 2008 and were VERY pleased with their professionalism, work ethic, attention to detail, willingness to get it right, and their efforts to make sure we were satisfied. As a result of that experience we utilized them again in 2013 and were pleased to find nothing had changed. Client 1450 E. Arlington Blvd. PO Box 2687 Greenville, NC 27836 Phone: 252-353-2000 Fax #: 252-353-2375 Email Us