Home NEW - CTBS Skip to content 07 3267 2111Level 1, 449 Gympie Rd. Kedron Qld 4031Facebook page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window CTBS CTBS can deliver you expert knowledge Home About UsTIM WILSHIRE NICK DUGDELL JOHN GELES PAUL NUTTER ASHLEE VAUGHAN SHANE WAITE DANIEL TONTODONATI RACHEL GILMOUR MAYURA RATHNAYAKE HADDEN MELLORS Administration Staff Our ServicesAsset Protection Business Advice and Compliance Superannuation and SMSFs Tax Planning Estate Planning Financing Restructuring How We Help Resources Blog Contact Us Search: Home About UsTIM WILSHIRE NICK DUGDELL JOHN GELES PAUL NUTTER ASHLEE VAUGHAN SHANE WAITE DANIEL TONTODONATI RACHEL GILMOUR MAYURA RATHNAYAKE HADDEN MELLORS Administration Staff Our ServicesAsset Protection Business Advice and Compliance Superannuation and SMSFs Tax Planning Estate Planning Financing Restructuring How We Help Resources Blog Contact Us GROW AND PROTECT YOUR BUSINESS Asset Protection Long-term strategies to safeguard your assets and secure your financial future. Learn more Business Advice & Compliance The guidance you need to navigate complex business challenges and ensure regulatory compliance. Learn more Superannuation & SMSFs Leverage superannuation strategies for secure retirement and wealth accumulation. Learn more Tax Planning Minimise your tax burden and optimise your financial gains with our strategic tax planning solutions. Learn more Financing Unlock financial opportunities and secure the funding to fuel business growth and expansion. Learn more Restructuring Navigate business restructuring with confidence and drive positive changes for long-term success. Learn more Estate Planning Preserve your legacy and protect your assets with effective, comprehensive estate planning strategies. Learn moreWe are CTBSYour trusted financial adivsors, offering comprehensive business and financial solutions to lead you on the path to success. At CTBS, we pride ourselves on being the dependable central point of advice for your business. We go beyond the numbers, taking the time to truly understand your business and goals. This enables us to provide proactive guidance for both day-to-day operations and long-term objectives. With a wealth of expertise and a down-to-earth approach, we offer comprehensive business and personal accounting solutions for clients across South East Queensland. How we helpFeatured Case Studies What Happens if I Pay an Employee’s Super Late? March 10, 2020 You’re busy, business is hectic, and a few things have fallen behind, so the next thing that enters your head is what happens if I pay an employee’s super late? Although it’s not the best situation to place yourself or your business in, there are some solutions. To find out… Read more Estate Planning Tips from a Brisbane Accountant March 3, 2020 When it comes to estate planning – do you have everything in order? In this latest blog, Confidential Tax & Business Services outline the importance of everything you should consider when discussing and planning your estate. To find out more, continue reading below or get in touch with CTBS by… Read more Are Bush Fire Donations Tax Deductible? February 25, 2020 It has been a tough time in Australia recently and with the spirit of the country high, many have chipped in and made financial contributions – so are are bush fire donations tax deductible? To find out more about the tax implications of bush fire donations, continue reading below or… Read more 3 Tips for Getting Your Finances in Order Before Tax Time February 21, 2020 If the end of the financial year rolls around and you start to panic searching for all your paperwork, the following advice may be just what you need. Confidential Tax & Business Services on Brisbane’s northside have compiled 3 tips for getting your finances in order before tax time. To… Read more Income Protection, Sickness and Accident Insurance January 29, 2019 In this short blog, CTBS Director, Tim Wilshire shares how important it is to have Income Protection, Sickness and Accident Insurance. AT CTBS we can’t emphasise enough how important having income protection insurance is. It can play a very important part in a individual’s cashflow – if they were to… Read more Why Every North Brisbane Small Business Needs Single Touch Payroll in 2019 January 29, 2019 In this short blog, CTBS Director Tim Wilshire shares why every North Brisbane small business needs Single Touch Payroll (STP) in 2019 – and 3 easy steps to get ready for this change! What is Single Touch Payroll? Single Touch Payroll is a Government initiative that will change the way… Read more 7 reasons businesses succeed with CTBS Partner with CTBS, and experience the difference personalised, proactive advice and a strong network of professionals can make in achieving your business’s success. Enquire hereCentral point of adviceOur deep understanding of business enables us to provide solutions and guidance to address all aspects of all financial and operational needs.Understanding business, not just numbersWe take the time to understand your business inside out and provide relevant advice that aligns with your goals and aspirations.Proactive approachOur proactive approach ensures that we stay ahead of the curve, offering timely advice and support to navigate the challenges of your day-to-day operations.Unparalleled team expertiseWith extensive knowledge and experience, we provide top-notch guidance and support, delivering the insights and strategies your business needs to thrive.All-encompassing resourcesWith all the necessary resources at our disposal, we are equipped to address your business’s financial and operational needs comprehensively.Personalised adviceOur advice is not one-size-fits-all. We provide guidance tailored to your specific circumstances, ensuring you receive the most effective strategies for success.Trusted inter-industry relationshipsWe value trusted relationships and only recommend brokers and financial planners who align with our clients’ best interests and unique requirements. Who We HelpBusinesses of all sizes, ambitions, and challengesUnlock the full potential of your business, regardless of its size or challenges. Our guidance will propel you towards achieving your goals. New and small businessesFrom sole trader beginnings to small businesses scaling for growth, we help nurture your business every step of the way. Restructuring businessesTransform your business’s trajectory with strategic restructuring. Save significantly on taxes and optimise operational efficiency with our guidance. Established and large companiesEven successful companies can experience remarkable growth with CTBS. Let us refine your practices and boost your bottom line for greater success. Succession planningSeamlessly transition out of your business with our proven strategies. Enhance your success and ensure you reap the rewards of your hard work. IndividualsElevate your personal financial goals with our tailored services including tax advice, asset protection, SMSF guidance and more. TestimonialsBut don’t just take our word for it… Excellent4.7★★★★☆ Based on 15 reviews from review us onBlade Waalkes ★★★★★ Very helpful, Very straight forward, Tim and his team made it very easy, 5/5 experience.Joy Boyd ★★★★★ Rachel is awesome, friendly & always so helpful, efficient & prompt. Admin team are great, friendly & efficient! Thanks Ladies!Han bit choi ★★★★★ I highly recommend Shane. He has integrity in his profession.J M ★★★★★ Nick has been looking after me since 2017, he has always gone over and above with his service. I would highly recommend!Phil Wilshire ★★★★★ Always been polite and efficient . Tim has been my accountant for many years . has been very helpful and would not change anything .Thanks Tim and the rest of the staffSean Dwyer ★★★★★ Paul and the team were very friendly & professional. Always took the time to explain topics clearly.Would definitely recommend.Bruce Earle ★★★★★ I have used this company for over 30 yearsI totally recommend there servicesStephen Ross ★★★★★ Grateful work from Nick D.very helpfulMitch Hills ★★★★★ Nick Dugdell has always been a great accountant. Friendly, useful and overall a good bloke. Love working with him and the team, and would have no hesitation in recommending them.Bill Taylor ★★★★★ Have always found this practice friendly and efficientnorthgate brisbane ★★★★★ They are my accountants for the last 10 years. Not superstars who can advice on how to beat the system, but straightforward. A good place for the honest small business owner.Catherine O'Keeffe ★★★★★ Been going to CTBS and particularly Tim, for years. Have always been treated graciously and well. Only ever go once a year for my quite simple tax return and always greeted well and remembered. Couldn't recommend highly enough. Accountant BrisbaneTake charge of your business’s financial success with the help and guidance of CTBS.Enquire Here Office location Level 1, 449 Gympie Rd. Kedron. Qld 4031 Box 324, Chermside South. Qld 4032 Call Us on 07 3267 2111 Fax: 07 3267 2122 Email: info@ctbs.net.au Our ServicesAsset Protection SMSF Financing Tax Planning Restructuring Business Advice & Compliance Recent Blog Posts What Happens if I Pay an Employee’s Super Late? Estate Planning Tips from a Brisbane Accountant Are Bush Fire Donations Tax Deductible? Follow Us!Find us on:Facebook page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window © CTBS. All rights reserved. Website developed by brisbanedigital.co Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Footer Menu Go to Top Google Rating 4.7Based on 15 reviews Confidential Tax & Business Services 4.7×Puff Bourne1689636598Blade Waalkes1686799807Very helpful, Very straight forward, Tim and his team made it very easy, 5/5 experience.Joy Boyd1683179068Rachel is awesome, friendly & always so helpful, efficient & prompt. Admin team are great, friendly & efficient! Thanks Ladies!Han bit choi1665467558I highly recommend Shane. He has integrity in his profession.J M1635297077Nick has been looking after me since 2017, he has always gone over and above with his service. I would highly recommend!Phil Wilshire1625972570Always been polite and efficient . Tim has been my accountant for many years . has been very helpful and would not change anything .Thanks Tim and the rest of the staffSean Dwyer1598823374Paul and the team were very friendly & professional. Always took the time to explain topics clearly.Would definitely recommend.Bruce Earle1580966552I have used this company for over 30 yearsI totally recommend there servicesStephen Ross1578979780Grateful work from Nick D.very helpfulMitch Hills1537766665Nick Dugdell has always been a great accountant. Friendly, useful and overall a good bloke. Love working with him and the team, and would have no hesitation in recommending them.Bill Taylor1501039997Have always found this practice friendly and efficientnorthgate brisbane1479346524They are my accountants for the last 10 years. Not superstars who can advice on how to beat the system, but straightforward. A good place for the honest small business owner.Catherine O'Keeffe1468805862Been going to CTBS and particularly Tim, for years. Have always been treated graciously and well. Only ever go once a year for my quite simple tax return and always greeted well and remembered. Couldn't recommend highly enough.See all reviewsWrite a review