Welcome to tufanganjmunicipality.org Home About Us Administration Department Our Projects Tender Notice Contact us History of Tufanganj At a Glance Base Map Chairman Vice-Chairman Councillors Executive Officer AMRUT Swachh Bharat Mission DAY-NULM Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Sishu Siksha Karmasuchi Special BRGF PMAY-HFA (Urban) IHSDP National Health Mission Mid Day Meal MPLADS BEUP 14th FC NSAP Kanyashree Prakalpa Green City Mission Menu text WELCOME TO MUNICIPALITY Tufanganj is a small urban town. It has 12 wards & 2.49 Sq Km in area. The population is 20999 as per census 2011 (19310 as per census 2001). This municipality has been come to its existence in the year of 1983 (10th Feb,1983). Before this the town was controlled and administered by the Town Committee. First general election was held in 28th May 1995. Tufanganj Municipal town is under the administrative Jurisdiction of Cooch Behar District. The Town Tufanganj is situated at a distance of 24 Kms. East of the District town. It is surrounded by the state of Assam in the East, Doors in the Northern side, Bangladesh southern part, Siliguri and Jalpaiguri in the western side of Tufanganj Town. In the eastern side one major river Raidak is passing through the Tufanganj Town. Most of the people about 70% are fully depend on agriculture that is the primary sector. Next around 15 – 20 % of the population are engaged in secondary sector followed by the remaining in the tertiary sector. Tufanganj Municipality is one of the remotest Municipalities and is the border district of Coochbehar. The area as whole is underdeveloped and is inhabited by poor people. A sizable population under this ULB lives below the poverty level. This municipality is earnestly trying to do all sorts of betterment. List of Chairman Photo Gallery Career/Jobs/Recruitment Place of Tourist Interest Annual Financial Statement Transport Schedule Tufanganj Important Phone Number Free Form Download e-News Letter Internal Audit Report Train Schedule Tufanganj Bus Schedule Tufanganj NOTIFICATION 01. Tender Notice Dated-09.08.2021 Copyright @ 2017 by Tufanganj Municipality, Designed & Developed by Aidni Infotech Pvt. Ltd