Micro Solution Patna Toggle navigation Micro Solution Home About Products Contact About Our Business Micro Solution, Patna In the future world which features “Internet For Everything” Micro Solution will join hands with every cooperative partner and customers to improve the progress of network and further satisfy the over increasing human demand for colorful online life. We deals in following products and services. EPON/GPON Deviser OTDR Testing Instrument ONU/ONT CATV Digital Headend Product Categories EPON/GPON GPON and EPON are variations of PON technology, or FTTH networks being deployed by ISPs. We deal in Syrotech, Uniway etc. Deviser OTDR OTDR uses Rayleigh scattering and Fresnel reflections to measure fibers' characteristics. OTDR measures the scattered light back on the OTDR port. Testing Instrument We deals in Multimeters, Analogue and Digital (DMM - digital multimeter), Oscilloscopes, Spectrum Analyzers Syrotech, Uniway etc. ONU/ONT ONU converts optical signals via fibers to electrical signals. These electrical signals are then sent to individual subscribers. We deal in various OEM. CATV Cable CATV cable helps in cabling infrastructure that supports cable TV and cable internet. Many ISPs offer internet, TV, & phone service over the same CATV lines. Digital Headend Digital headend system helps to decode, encode, scramble, modulate and transmission of services by using the devices decoders, encoders etc. Product Happy Customer Services Employees Welcome to Micro Solution Patna Pay Now Our Core Team --!> Alok Vardhan Director Rajiv Kumar Manager Praveen Kumar Sales Office S Kumari Office Assistant Our Portfolio All ONU ONT OLT HGU Home Gateway System OLT 4 Port & 8 Port MASTER EM13 GPON 4 Port ONU Internal Antenna ONT Single Band & Double Band Thanks to Micro Solution Patna, MSP was able to build powerful, reliable, and customizable Wi-Fi solutions for their wide-range of business in terms of telecom hardware needs. Ranjan Our Switching from TDM to IP in our new premises made us not only enjoy the benefit of Latest Technologies but also increased our effectiveness in Managing team and Customers. Thanks to Micro Solution Patna. K D Singh Micro Solution Patna came across as the most flexible team to design a Contact Center Solution . We are very happy with the performance of the product & wish the very best to Micro Solution Patna for future endeavors. RS Sharma Contact us Call: +91 9334340003 Monday-Saturday (10am-8pm) Email: alokvardhan@microsolutionpatna.com Web: www.microsolutionpatna.com Location: 803, Jagat Trade Centre, Dakbunglow, Fraser Road, Patna - 800001 , Bihar Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Our Business We are into sales and services of OLT, ONU, PON, CATV, OTDR, Power Meter, Fibre cable & Network Application Solutions. Our long term focus is on customized service and to supply high quality products to our esteemed customer. information Micro Solution, 803, Jagat Trade Centre, Dakbunglow, Fraser Road, Patna - 800001, Bihar Tel: +91 9334257139, +91 9835246478, +91 9334340003 Email: sales@microsolutionpatna.com, alokvardhan@microsolutionpatna.com Working Hours: 10am-8pm Instagram © copyright 2023 Micro Solution : All Rights Reserved. Developed and Maintained By : ASCENSIONS TM