GJ North & Associates - Our Business is to Grow Yours 4/7 Aspiration Circuit BIBRA LAKE, WA 6163. Mon - Fri 8.30 AM - 5.00 PM. Sat - Sun CLOSED (08) 9434 9035 Call Us Home About Us Our Services News Contact Us Message Us (08) 9434 9035 GJ North & Associates Accounting, Taxation, Self-Managed Superannuation Funds, Small Business and more. Visit us at our office located in Bibra Lake, within the City of Cockburn. Call Us Now! ACCOUNTING GJ North & Associates offer a wider range of accounting solutions to suit your needs, including software packages. TAXATION With over 50 years of combined experience in taxation, we offer trusted and professional advice to meet your taxation requirements. STATE OF THE ART GJ North & Associates uses the latest software technologies to provide you with up to date & best practice services. How we can help you Tax Returns Read more Self-Managed Superannuation Fund Accountant in Bibra Lake Read more Starting up a Business Read more Financial Planning Read more Taxation Read more Small Business Accounting for South Lake, Henderson & Surrounds Read more We look forward to doing great things with you anywhere in the world. Contact Us GJ North & Associates Business Support Financial Planning Individuals Tax Returns Taxation Non-Profit Groups Superannuation SMSF Auditing Services Available Accounting Whether you are an individual, partnership, trust, company or Self-Managed Superannuation Fund, you can be assured that our experienced and qualified team of professionals will assist you to meet all your accounting compliance obligations. Self-Managed Superannuation Funds Reports say that Self-Managed Superannuation Funds (SMSF) generally achieve higher returns than industry funds. As a result there has been strong growth in the number of people who want to manage their own superannuation fund and plan for their retirement. Taxation Whether you are an individual, a small business owner, or find yourself managing a Self-Managed Superannuation Fund, our team can help you with every aspect of tax preparation by offering the right advice tailored specifically for you. Financial Planning It is never too late to start planning for your future. Making the right choices for you about your financial future starts now with the right advice. Our team at GJ North & Associates can help you to understand your financial position and together we can develop a plan so you can achieve your goals. Business Start Up The team at GJ North & Associates have experience with advising clients on how to start up their own successful businesses. We have helped our clients with franchises, home based businesses, buying established businesses and other small to medium sized businesses. No matter how big or small your future business dreams are GJ North & Associates can help you with your business start-up. Tax Returns GJ North & Associates assists individuals and businesses in preparation and filing their tax returns to the Australian Taxation Office (ATO). SMSF Auditing GJ North & Associates provides auditing services for Self-Manages Superannuation Funds for compliance with Australian Taxation Laws & Regulations. Contact the team at GJ North & Associates Message Us Latest News & Updates ATO’s continued focus on illegal early release of super Superannuation As a new calendar year commences, the ATO’s priorities in the self managed super fund (SMSF) sector remain consistent. As in previous years, the greatest area of concern for the ATO continues to be taxpayers illegally accessing their super before meeting a condition of release. While it notes that the vast majority of SMSFs follow the rules, those that do not are having a significant impact on the system. 8 February 2024 Read More Employees versus contractors: new rules Business Following two prominent High Court decisions which dealt with the distinction between employees and independent contractors, the ATO has sought to provide guidance to businesses in the form of a taxation ruling. The most significant departure from its previous position is that the ATO now considers that various indicators of employment identified in case law, while relevant, should only be considered in respect of the legal rights and obligations between the parties, with the most important factor the holistic consideration of the contract between the parties. 8 February 2024 Read More ATO areas of focus on businesses for the coming year Government As we move into 2024, the ATO has highlighted three areas of focus for businesses: taking steps to address cyber security and increased protection of personal data, addressing the growth in the collectable debt book – particularly for small businesses – and improving overall tax performance. 8 February 2024 Read More Contact the team at GJ North & Associates Message Us GJ North & Associates GJ North & Associates is a full service accounting firm based in Bibra Lake and proudly offering a complete accounting solution for individuals and businesses. Address & Hours4/7 Aspiration Circuit BIBRA LAKE, WA 6163Mon-Fri: 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM(08) 9434 9035(08) 9434 9030[email protected] Our Office Links Email Us Contact Us Terms & Conditions © 2024 Copyright GJ North & Associates. All rights reserved. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Website by BizWeb Consulting.