Department of Mathematics and Statistics Home About Programmes Staff Contact Kwara State University Department of Mathematics and Statistics Get Started Kwara State University Department of Mathematics and Statistics Get Started Kwara State University Department of Mathematics and Statistics Get Started About Our Department Mission/Vision/Goals Statement Mission: To be foremost in expanding the frontier of Mathematics and Statistics knowledge and be most innovative in disseminating Mathematical and Statistical knowledge towards advancing the course of humanity. Vision: To be the fulcrum of a knowledge-driven society, building human competencies and fostering determination and competition among people through the instrumentality of modern Mathematical and Statistical ideas. Goals: To develop in the students a broad-based knowledge and skills on which further studies in specialized areas of Mathematics and Statistics can be built and to produce graduates with the zeal and ability to apply the acquired knowledge and skills in obtaining useful and lasting solutions to the business and industrial development of their immediate community in particular and humanity in general. Brief History Of The Department The Mathematics and Statistics Department is as old as the University. It started as the Department of Mathematics in 2009, and later in 2012 changed to the Department of Mathematics and Statistics. It began with the B.Sc. programme in Mathematics, which is one of the programmes in the academic brief, approved at the take-off of the University in October 2009. The pioneer academic staff (Professor J. O Omolehin as Head of the Department, Dr. A. S Mohammed, Mr. T. O Aliu, Mr. A. D. Adeshola and Mr. A. S. Olagunju) were recruited through scholarly seminar presentations and open interview by scholars in relevant fields such as Algebra, Complex Analysis, Functional Analysis, Numerical and Computational Analysis, Fluid Mechanics, Analytical Dynamics and Quantum Mechanics. The staff strength has had an appreciable improvement to the present status following the same recruitment method. The B.Sc. The mathematics programme earned full accreditation in 2012, at the first presentation. The results were the same in 2017 and 2023 respectively. In 2013, the department decided to introduce the B.Sc. Statistics programme. Consequently, a committee was set up to study the benchmark requirements for the B.Sc. programme in Statistics by the Nigerian Universities Commission (NUC). The committee recommended that the programme must be unique, attractive to students and current on recent developments in the field. Thus, its introduction of such courses as Statistical Data Mining, Statistical Computing and Graphis, Bayesian Data Analysis, Spatial Statistics, Bioinformatics and Epidemiology, and Survival Analysis, in addition to the traditional courses in Statistics. An innovation was agreed upon by the faculty members to divide the B.Sc. programme into three tracks (Applied Statistics track, Mathematical Statistics track, and Actuarial Statistics track) as practised in some top universities in the world. The reason for this is clear: to enable the students to choose tracks of their choice in line with their abilities and future ambitions. At present, the department is running only the Applied Statistics and Mathematical Statistics tracks. The third (Actuarial Statistics) track is not feasible now due to inadequate faculty expertise in this area. Our Programmes HEAD OF DEPARTMENT WELCOME ADDRESS Welcome to the Department of Mathematics and Statistics! We are delighted to have you visit our website and explore the exciting world of Mathematics and Statistics. Our department is dedicated to advancing knowledge in these fields and fostering a vibrant academic community. The Department of Mathematics and Statistics offers a wide range of programmes and courses, designed to develop strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Whether you have a passion for pure mathematics, applied mathematics, computational statistics, applied statistics, Biostatistics, or actuarial Statistics, we have programmes that cater for your interests and goals. Our distinguished faculty members are experts in their respective areas and are committed to providing high-quality education and mentorship to our students. Through their expertise and tripartite mandate of teaching, research, and community development, they inspire and challenge students to excel in their studies and pursue their passions. We believe in the power of Mathematics and Statistics to solve real-world problems by excavating modern-day statistical data for knowledge with a positive impact on our society. Our department actively collaborates with various industries, research institutions, and community organizations to apply mathematical and statistical principles in practical settings. We encourage our students to engage in experiential learning opportunities, internships, and research projects to gain hands-on experience and make meaningful contributions in their chosen fields. As you navigate our website, you will find information about our undergraduate and graduate programmes, faculty profiles, research areas, and upcoming events. We invite you to explore these pages and discover the diverse opportunities and possibilities that await you at the Department of Mathematics and Statistics. We also encourage you to connect with us, ask questions and learn more about what makes our department unique and special. Whether you are a prospective student, current student, alumni, industry partner, or someone with a passion for mathematics and statistics, we are here to support and guide you on your academic journey. We would be glad to assist in any way humanly possible to bring your aspirations to fruition. Thank you for visiting our website, and we look forward to welcoming you to the Department of Mathematics and Statistics. Dr. Adediran Dauda Adeshola (Ph.D.) Ag. Head of Department Programmes The department engages students in programmes and activities that would make them worthy of being considered for the award of B.Sc., M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees in Mathematics and Statistics. Here are some programmes and activities of the Department of Mathematics: • Undergraduate Programmes: a. Bachelor of Science in Mathematics b. Bachelor of Science in Statistics c. Double Major in Mathematics and Computer Science d. Applied Mathematics Concentration e. Actuarial Science Concentration f. Data Science Concentration • Postgraduate Programmes: a. Master of Science in Mathematics b. Master of Science in Statistics c. Ph.D. in Mathematics d. Ph.D. in Statistics Research Areas • Pure Mathematics • Applied Mathematics • Probability and Statistics • Mathematical Modelling • Data Science and Analytics • Financial Mathematics • Computational Statistics • Multivariate Analysis and Model Selection with Information Complexity • Biostatistics and Survival Analysis • Categorical Data Analysis and Biometry • Computational Mathematics Seminar Series: • Invited speakers presenting their cutting-edge research findings. • Faculty and student presentations on ongoing research projects. • Workshops and tutorials on mathematical and statistical techniques Student Organizations and Clubs: • National Association of Mathematics and Statistics Students • Data Science Society • Women in Mathematics and Statistics Internship and Career Opportunities: • Students Industrial Work Experience (SIWES) with Industrial Training Funds (ITF) • Collaborations with local industries and organizations for internships • Career guidance and counselling workshops on job search strategies • Alumni networking events and panels Outreach Programmes: • Math and Stats Olympiad for high school students • Community math tutoring programmes • Science Fair judging and mentorship • Math and Stats workshops for teachers and educators Research Collaborations: • Collaborative projects with industries and other partners • Interdisciplinary research initiatives with other departments and institutions • Grant-funded research opportunities for faculty and students through Institutional-Based Research and Training (IBRT) Academic Support: • Statistical Programming Consulting for staff and students • Tutoring services for Mathematics and Statistics courses • Study groups and peer mentoring programmes • Computer labs and software resources for data analysis and modelling Scholarships and Awards: • Departmental scholarships for outstanding math and stats students • Research grants and funding opportunities for graduate students • Recognition and awards for exceptional academic achievements through the University graduate life fellowships Achievement/Milestones/Plans Achievement: Our graduates are working with various organizations, institutions, industries and businesses such as banks, academic institutions, government ministries and parastatals where they contribute their quota for the advancement of humanity. Milestones: Most of our graduates are spread across reputable universities abroad for their graduate programmes. The feedback we are getting is that they compete favourably with their peers. Research reports by our graduate students are being published in top-rated academic journals, both national and international. Some of our students have won scholarships and research grants in collaboration with their supervisors. Plans: Our major plan is to see how we can collaborate with top scientists across the world for exchange programmes and research activities towards solving applied problems in industries, and governmental and non-governmental organizations. Here are some sample achievements and milestones recorded by the department: Accreditation and Recognition: • Our programmes are fully accredited by the National Universities Commission (NUC) in mathematics and statistics. • Our programmes and faculty are well recognized by professional organizations and societies such as the American Statistical Association (ASA), Nigerian Mathematical Society, Nigerians Statistical Association (NSA), Professional Statistician Society of Nigeria (PSSN), Nigerian Mathematical Physics (NAMP), Nigerian Mathematical Centre (NMC) etc. Research Publications and Grants: • Many of our staff are recipients of early career awards from reputable professional organizations such as the American Statistical Association. • Our founding fathers are reputable professors from highly reputed international universities. • Significant research publications by faculty members in reputable peer-reviewed journals. • Securing competitive research grants from prestigious funding agencies. • Collaboration with industry partners on research projects leading to impactful outcomes. Student Success and Awards: • Outstanding student achievements in national and international mathematics and statistics competitions. • Our students are recipients of prestigious scholarships, fellowships, and awards • Successful placement of our graduates in reputable institutions and industries. Faculty Accomplishments: • Faculty members are recipients of prestigious awards and honours for their contributions to the field. • Invited presentations and keynote speeches by faculty at national and international conferences. • Editorial board memberships and editorial roles in renowned mathematical and statistical journals. Outreach and Community Engagement: • Organization and hosting of regional and national conferences, workshops, and symposiums. • Participation in community outreach programmes, providing mathematics and statistics support to local schools or organizations. • Collaboration with non-profit organizations to apply mathematical and statistical principles to real-world problems. Collaborative Initiatives:• Partnerships with other academic departments and institutions to foster interdisciplinary research and education. • Joint programmes or courses in related fields such as computer science, economics, or biology. • Memoranda of understanding with industry partners for collaborative research projects and internships. Alumni Achievements: • Highlight successful careers and achievements of alumni in academia, industry, and government sectors. • Testimonials and profiles showcasing the impact of the department's education and mentorship on alumni success. Technological Advancements: • Integration of cutting-edge technology and software tools in the curriculum and research activities. • Developing innovative teaching methodologies and online resources for enhanced learning experiences. Global Collaborations: • International collaborations with renowned institutions for joint research projects and faculty/student exchange programmes. • Hosting visiting scholars and guest lectures from around the world. Continuous Program Development: • Regular program reviews and updates aligning with emerging trends and industry demands. • Introduction of new courses or concentrations to address emerging areas of mathematics and statistics. Our Staff Dr. Adediran Dauda A Acting Head of Department Email:adeshola.dauda@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8032197599 Prof Abubakar Siddiq M Email:abubakar.siddiq@kwasu.edu.ng Tel +234-8137246143 Dr. AbdulAzeez Kayode Email:abdulazeez.jimoh@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8035768758 Dr.Tajudeen Olaniyi A Email:tajudeen.aliu@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8055825778 Dr. Risqot Ibrahim G Email:risqot.ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8035216454 Dr. Rasheed Olawale A Email:rasheed.ayinla@kwasu.edu.ng Tel: +234-8035768758 Dr. Kazeem Issa Email:issa.kazeem@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8036554437 Dr. Olalekan Taofeek W Email:taofeek.wahab@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8035224754 Dr. Kazeem Adesina D Email: kazeem.dauda@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-8035768758 Dr. Kabir Opeyemi O Email:kabir.olorede@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:234-8035768758 Dr. Saidat Fehintola O Email: saidat.olaniran@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+23488069412816 Abdulwasiu Opeyemi I Email: abdulwasiu.ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. Samuel Adewale A Email: samuel.aderoju@kwasu.edu.n Tel:+2348062832408 Risikat Ayodeji Bello Email: risikat.bello@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348075168502 Aishat Olaosebikan Email: aishat.olaose16@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2348062832408 Rasheed Kehinde L Email: rasheed.lamidi15@kwasu.edu.ng Tel: +2348066767157 Saheed Kunle Ajibade Email: saheed.ajibade15@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+2347034764411 Salaudeen Alaro Musa Email: musa.salaudeen@kwasu.edu.ng/ Tel:2347060419445 Muritala Hambali Sulaiman Email: muritala.sulaiman@kwasu.edu.ng Musiliudeen Adisa Anise Email: musiliudeen.anise@kwasu.edu.ng Tel: +2348034102136 Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Mathematics and Statistics Faculty of Pure and Applied Sciences , Kwara State University, Malete. Email: math_stat.department@kwasu.edu.ng Acting Head of Department Dr. Adediran Dauda A Tel: +234-8032197599 Email: adeshola.dauda@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. https://akun-pro.systeme.io/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ https://romawibetofficial.web.app/ http://164.92.81.155/ https://kantinslot.pages.dev/ https://dewaslot88.d3rbpk7bbr3bdw.amplifyapp.com/ https://romawibet.d3rbpk7bbr3bdw.amplifyapp.com/ https://sisapras.ulb.ac.id/images/product/gacor4d/ https://api-mbkm.ulb.ac.id/products/dewaslot88/ http://ftp.noinnion.com/gacor4d/ http://ftp.noinnion.com/dewaslot88/ http://ftp.noinnion.com/slot303/ https://viadinarica.com/media/gacor4d/ Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Romawibet https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/