Mewad Bistro - Home Home About Gallery Menu Happy Hall Packages Contact Us Order Now 8806247878 Since 1990 Welcome to MEWAD | BISTRO Our aim is to satisfy soul of our every guest with our indigenous taste. Our team always quest to justify our mission ॥ आहारशुद्धौ - सत्वशुध्दी:॥. Order Now About Us Our commitment to Food Safety is what makes us the preferred Restaurant for our customers. We take pride in saying that, we make the food live in front of people to give them the best experience. The taste is suitable for people across all age groups. The Open Kitchen concept is first time being introduced in Ambajogai with a unique taste. All recipes here are prepared with scientific methods and will be served exclusively. Fresh Healthy Food Quick Door Delivery Know More ॥ आहारशुद्धौ - सत्वशुध्दी:॥ आयु:सत्वबलारोग्य - सुखप्रीतिविवर्धना: । रस्या: स्निग्धा: स्थिरा हधा - आहारा: सात्विकप्रिय: ॥ आयु, बुध्दि, बल, आरोग्य, सुख और प्रीति को बढाने वाले, रसयुक्त, चिकने और स्थिर रहनेवाले आहार सात्विक व्यक्ति को प्रिय होते है । Mewad Bistro Our Bestseller Items Paneer Tikka Vegetable Pulao Veg Hakka Noddels Matka Dum Biriyani Veg Manchow Soup Kashmiri Jamun Pista Gulab Jamun Dal Khichdi Order Online Now What our guests say Aniruddha Kulkarni "This is a great restaurant serving veg food for last 31 years. There are lots of yummy tasty dishes to choose from. The ambience is great too. The place is crowded most of the times, but the guest are qued using the app. We tried soup, roti, kaju curry and curd rice. All were nicely prepared and served. The desert Shahi tukda was super. Overall a must place to visit for food lovers." Nikita "Very tasty and yummy food. Singapore rise over here is very tasty.Hotel is very clean and well maintained. Very good and fast service." Vivek More "Finest bistro in ambejogai and it is pure veg. It has waiting in peak time. Taste of food is really genuine. It has also great service and place is really good to have quality food and time with your family and friends management of the place is really good and satisfying" Janhavi Dhaygude "The most popular and crowded hotel in Ambajogai. Best service with best quality food!! Recently, I went there with my friends and order fries with periperi for starter and that was yum😋. Also, we ordered kajukatli and veg Kolhapuri along with butter garlic naan and all the dishes were yum to taste. Thank you Mewad Bistro, for the good service and good food. I prefer everyone who are reading this, to go there once!!" Niranjan Mole "Mewad Bistro was an amazing experience. Service is so quick. We got the meal in 5 minutes after order. Restaurant was so clean and neat. Staff is well trained and polite.❤️❤️" Maitreyi "We ordered fries, paneer chilly, veg crispy... it was very tasty... Ambience of hotel is really good... Staff is cordial and cooperative... Must visit place... in Ambejogai..." D S "Good place to visit, family and friends can enjoy food here. Pure veg, excellent taste. Ambiance is good. Offers candle light dinner occasionally...! Staff look after your comfort. Special Chairs with special sitting arrangement are available for children to enjoy food. Dedicated place for parking is not there but lot of open area is available for parking. It is located on first (1st) floor and no lift arrangement is available. But considering overall atmosphere and food quality it us worth five (5) star rating." Our aim is to satisfy soul of our every guest with our indigenous tast. Our team always quest to justify our mission ॥ आहारशुद्धौ - सत्वशुध्दी:॥. You can tag us with #LoveMewadBistro on facebook. Quick Links Home About Us Menu Gallery Contact Us Contact Us +91 88062 47878 mewadbistro@gmail.com Mewad Bistro, Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Chowk Shopping Complex, Ambajogai. 431517 All Rights Reserved By Mewad Bistro @2022. Design By PETPOOJA.