Droidmonk » Learn Android with Java and Kotlin Skip to content android Flutter Kotlin Firebase Laravel Droidmonk Learn Android with Java and Kotlin android Flutter Kotlin Firebase Laravel Laravel Middleware to verify ownership Watch the video course on Creating a Buy & Sell website using Laravel 8. Intro: Well, our website looks good. But there is still a serious issue, once we fix this we will be ready for the initial release. Now before I show you how to fix the issue, let’s … Continue reading"Middleware to verify ownership" Laravel Password reset Intro: Well, this is a surprise. All the work required to implement the password reset functionality is already done by Laravel Breeze, the only thing we had to do is to add the email configurations. And as we have already done that there is nothing to do for now. Let’s … Continue reading"Password reset" Laravel Email Verification Watch the video course on Creating a Buy & Sell website using Laravel 8. Intro: You know my email, right! So you can create an account on our website and keep on using the features. Basically, anyone can create an account with anyone else’s email and post ads. But this … Continue reading"Email Verification" Laravel Delete a product ad Intro: The steps that we shall follow to enable the deletion of a product, are similar to some of the steps that we have taken to implement the editing feature. First, we shall create a route to make a delete request Then create a function inside the ProductsController to actually … Continue reading"Delete a product ad" Laravel Edit a product ad In the last video, we added the edit button to the product details page, to allow the seller of the product to edit the details of the ad. But on clicking the button nothing happens, it does not work yet. In this video, we shall make it work. Steps: 1. … Continue reading"Edit a product ad" Laravel Display edit and delete buttons We shall allow the user to edit and delete his own ads. With this you’ll also learn how to update and delete an item from the database using Eloquent models, I’ve already shown you how to read and create items, right. In this video, we shall display the edit and … Continue reading"Display edit and delete buttons" Laravel Show own products on the dashboard Intro: Haven’t you got irritated by the default dashboard page yet!! This is not displaying anything useful to the user. In this video, we shall make this page better. Let’s display the list of products being sold by the user. If the user has not created any ad yet, we … Continue reading"Show own products on the dashboard" Laravel Pagination We are going to make one more change in the product list page, we shall implement pagination so that we don’t attempt to fetch 1000s of items at once to display on the home screen. For now, as we don’t have many items we shall display 15 items per page, … Continue reading"Pagination" Laravel Product order Intro: In this video, I’ll show you how to retrieve items in either ascending or descending order by a particular attribute. If we take a look at the products table we shall find a column named created_at, this holds the timestamp of inserting a particular item into the table, we … Continue reading"Product order" Laravel UI: Fixing the UI I have added a few more products and removed the previous two. The product list page looks like this, not that great right! But with these beautiful images that I have downloaded from unsplash.com it will definitely look good, we just need to modify the styles a little. 1. Open … Continue reading"UI: Fixing the UI" Posts navigation 1 2 3 … 5 Recent Posts Middleware to verify ownership Password reset Email Verification Delete a product ad Edit a product ad Categories android Basics Firebase Flutter jetpack Kotlin Laravel Login Uncategorized Back to Top ©droidmonk.comPowered by Fluida & WordPress.