Royal Parlour – The best you can find Skip to content Main Menu Home About products Plans Contact HomeAboutproductsPlansContact QUARRY PRODUCTION quarry mining processing and sales Details ABOUT US The Best You Can Find Details FUTURE PLANS Continuation in increasing the production and processing capacity of the production line Details Scroll Down The company has established and perfected the modern enterprise system of enterprise production. It has mainly sold to Harare and surrounding areas The company currently consists of the factory director’s office, sales department, finance department, weighing room, production department, purchasing department, mining and blasting department and other departments. Seize favorable opportunities, continue todo a good job in product promotion, marketing, maintain stable customer growth and develop new merchants. About Us Royal Parlour Investments PRIVATE LIMITED Current operating project is located in Goromonzi, with a registered capital of 1 million US dollars, its business scope is: quarry mining processing and sales. Learn More Production Outlook It is estimated that by the end of 2021, 1.2 million cubic meters of 5-10mm and 10-20mm quarry will be sold with an average monthly average of 100,000 cubic meters. Future Plans Ensure that stone sales channels are unimpeded, and there is no backlog of production, supply and marketing. The only location where you can get the ideal answer for all of your industry's requirements. Production Outlook Optimizing Efficiency ROYAL PARLOUR INVESTMENTS When attempting to attain maximum efficiency and total economy from quarrying operations, there are a number of elements to consider. The profit margin between product revenues and production expenses must be maximized. It’s worth noting that crushing, screening, and storing account for about half of the costs, while drilling accounts for less than 15%. The crushing procedure is frequently a bottleneck in the whole work cycle. View More You have our word. On-Site Assistance Royal Parlour Investments is committed to being an active partner in your project’s success, therefore we make every effort to guarantee you have the exact part you need to complete the job as quickly and cost-effectively as possible. That’s why we have a specialized team of drilling experts ready to travel on site with you and provide technical guidance as well as tailored drilling solutions to meet your unique difficulties. Drilling Equipment Customization We understand that each project requires a unique solution, thus we provide more than simply “off the shelf” options. Our drilling experts and engineers collaborate to design and manufacture drilling equipment that is tailored to your specific ground conditions and drilling issues. It’s one of the ways we make drilling safer, more productive, and less expensive for you. Testing, Trialing and Reporting Royal Parlour Investments offers a reporting service to keep you informed about current site conditions and drilling efficiency. We can then test and customize goods to ensure that your project has the best drilling efficiency possible. It’s yet another way we’re working to make mining safer and more efficient for you. Need Help with Mining Solutions? We Are Experts! Contact Us We are here for you × Your name *Your email *Subject *Your message (optional)Submit Home About products Plans Contact The Best You Can Find Copyright © 2024 Royal Parlour Powered by Techvivid Holdings