Home Page - EAGLE SUNSHINE CLEANING LLC - RI Residencial & Commercial 401-432-4350 Mon-Fri: 9:00 am – 5:00 pm info@eaglesunshinecleaning.com We are Cleaning Experts! 8:00am - 10:00pm Mon - Sun Call us on: 401-213-0241 GET A QUOTE Home About Us Our Services Faqs Testimonials WEBMAIL Contacts Eco-Friendly Cleaning Services Want to know more? A Caring Cleaning Team 1 2 4 Want to know more? Giving You More Time to Spend on What Really Matter Want to know more? Cleaning Services That Shine Residential Cleaning Apartment Cleaning Commercial Cleaning Move-In / Move-Out Cleaning Cleaning With a Conscience Professional Cleaning Services for Home and Office Cleaning can be a chore and we know you have many choices when you consider hiring a maid service. Because of that, we are constantly thriving to improve our already high standards to have you see us as the absolute best in the industry. It’s not enough to have trust in the cleaning crew that you let into your home… you also have to trust that they will perform a first-class cleaning job for you. Putting our employees through a rigorous training program ensures each member of our cleaning team understands their role and how it relates to the overall performance of the team. One-off, weekly or fortnightly visits Vetted & background-checked cleaners Keep the same cleaner for every visit Book, manage & pay online Get started with your free estimate Get Free Estimate Why Our Customers Choose Us? We Are Experts and dominate the industry in scale and scope with an adaptable, extensive network that consistently delivers exceptional results. We Are Committed to our customers and are guided in all we do by their needs. We Are Complete and seek to provide exceptional service and engage in proactive behavior. We Are Driven to pursue the highest standards and continuously improve in all aspects of our business. Save Time. Save Money. Save Yourself! Life’s Too Short to Clean Your Own Home Get An Estimate Some Facts About Us 1225 Orders 843 Clients 315 Houses 237 Followers Our Clients Say Michael P.Solomon I use this cleaning service for my office and I’m so happy to have found them. They are affordable and provide the best customer service experience. I have been using them for over a year already! I would recommend Marta in particular. Estela Thomas I would be glad to act as a phone reference for your company. Cleaning did a wonderful job and I certainly don’t mind confirming their outstanding service. If you’re thinking about hiring to clean your office building, ask them for my testimonial and call anytime. Frances J. Nicastro I have used a few different cleaning services but this was the best! They showed up early, did a thorough job and were pleasant and friendly! They took my trash with them, an added bonus, and didn’t rearrange my entire house like some cleaners do. Home About Us Our Services Faqs Testimonials WEBMAIL Contacts Contact Us Eagle Sunshine Cleaning Residencial & Commercial Office: (401) 213-0241 / (617) 237-5798 / Cell: (401) 432-4350 Mon-Fri: 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Sat-Sun: 11:00 am – 16:00 pm info@eaglesunshinecleaning.com © 2019 Eagle Sunshine Cleaning. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok