Prime Partners - Chartered Accountants - Australia Our Services Business Services & Advice Coaching and Consulting Self-Managed Superannuation Accounting Technology Workshops Our Team Blog Contact Call 02 8378 2421 Select Page The accountants you want on your side. Whatever stage your business is at, we have the tools, the knowledge and the experience to give you what your business needs, when it needs it. Get in touch The accountants you want on your side. Whatever stage your business is at, we have the tools, the knowledge and the experience to give you what your business needs, when it needs it. Get in touch With the right advice to grow your business, we give you the freedom to focus on what you love. From straightforward tax and compliance assistance through to fresh-thinking financial guidance, our experienced team combines accounting acumen with real-world business and wealth-creation experience to provide pragmatic advice in language that makes sense. We call ourselves your partner because we’re just as focused on your financial success as you are. We’re passionate about strengthening the financial performance of small businesses in Australia. We’re proud to be a partner in your success. Call us today on 02 8378 2421. Tax and compliance is the core of our business. Business Services & Advice — Learn more Starting or growing your own business is a constant learning curve. Coaching & Consulting — Learn more Tax and compliance is the core of our business. Business Services & Advice — Learn more Starting or growing your own business is a constant learning curve. Coaching & Consulting — Learn more Latest News — The Problem When the Evidence Doesn’t Match What the Taxpayer Tells the ATO by James Carey | Feb 12, 2024 | NewsA recent case before the Administrative Appeals Tribunal (AAT) highlights the importance of ensuring that the evidence supports the tax position you are taking. The case involves heritage farmland... read more Contractor or Employee? by James Carey | Feb 12, 2024 | NewsJust because an agreement states that a worker is an independent contractor, this does not mean that they are a contractor for tax and superannuation purposes, new guidance from the ATO warns. Where... read more Can my SMSF Invest in Property Development? by James Carey | Feb 12, 2024 | NewsAustralians love property and the lure of a 15% preferential tax rate on income during the accumulation phase, and potentially no tax during retirement, is a strong incentive for many SMSF trustees... read more See all posts Call us today on 02 8378 2421 to see what we can do for you. Prime Partners Updates Email* First Name First Last Name Last Company Name Placeholder for Divi Booster