Best Vent Cleaners | Just another WordPress site Your content goes here. Edit or remove this text inline or in the module Home About Us Our Services Dryer Vent Cleaning Commercial Vent Cleaning Vent Inspection Air Duct Cleaning Service Areas Alpine Bluffdale Draper Herriman Riverton Sandy Gallery News Contact Us Home About Us Our Services Dryer Vent Cleaning Commercial Vent Cleaning Vent Inspection Air Duct Cleaning Service Areas Alpine Bluffdale Draper Herriman Riverton Sandy Gallery News Best Vent Cleaners: Leading Vent Cleaning Service in Utah See All Services Air ducts and dryer vents play an important role in the ventilation of your home. They help to circulate air and remove contaminants from the air. Over time, however, they can become clogged with dust, dirt, and other debris. This can cause the air in your home to become stale and can make it difficult to breathe. It can also lead to the growth of mold and mildew. Regular cleaning of air ducts and dryer vents can help to improve the air quality in your home and prevent the growth of mold and mildew. It can also help to reduce energy costs by helping your heating and cooling system to run more efficiently. At Best Vent Cleaners, we clean both dryer vents and air ducts. We first inspect their condition and then come up with a plan of action to clean them thoroughly. Contact us today if you have clogged air ducts. Our Services Vent inspection A dryer vent inspection is a crucial part of routine dryer maintenance. A blockage in the vent can cause the dryer to overheat, potentially leading to a fire. To ensure that your dryer vent is clear and safe, you should contact us. We use a simple but effective to inspect your dryer vent and air ducts. Our technicians will visit your house and use a video camera to inspect the entire length of the vent, from the dryer itself all the way to the exterior vent. This ensures that we have a clear picture of the blockages or debris that need to be removed so that the vent is clear and safe. See More Dryer vent cleaning Over time, lint and other debris can build up in your dryer vent, causing the appliance to work harder and potentially leading to a fire. To prevent this from happening, you should contact Best Vent Cleaners. We will come over and perform the following steps to clean your dryer vents: ● The technician will first unplug the dryer and disconnect the vent from the exhaust outlet.● He will use a vacuum with a long hose attachment to suck up any lint and debris from the vent and exhaust outlet.● Next, the technician will remove the lint screen from the dryer and clean it with warm, soapy water.● He will also use a dryer vent brush to remove any remaining lint from the vent duct.● Once the vent duct is clean, he will vacuum out the inside of the dryer drum to remove any trapped lint.● The technician will also reassemble the dryer and vent system, making sure all connections are secure.● Finally, he will test the dryer vent to check if everything is working properly or not. See More Air duct cleaning Air ducts can become clogged with dust, dirt, and other debris. This can not only make your home less comfortable, but it can also lead to a decline in air quality. If you suspect that your air ducts are in need of a good cleaning, you can call us for comprehensive cleaning services. Here’s how we will clean the air ducts: ● First, we will inspect the condition of the air ducts using a drain camera. Once we have an idea of the amount of dust and dirt, we will set up the working area with plastic and covers so that the debris doesn’t make a mess in your house.● We usually use a vacuum cleaner with a long hose attachment and a damp cloth. The technician will first locate the access panel for your ducts. Once he finds the panel, he’ll be able to see how dirty the inside of your ducts is.● If the debris is visible, he will use the vacuum hose to suction it away. On the other hand, if the debris is harder to reach, he may need to use a brush attachment to loosen it before vacuuming it up.● Finally, he will use a damp cloth to wipe down the inside of the ducts, removing any leftover dirt or dust. See More Clean & Healthy Air Starts With Us! Request a Quote Why hire Best Vent Cleaners? At Best Vent Cleaners, we provide professional vent cleaning and air duct cleaning services to homes and businesses in Utah County, Salt Lake County, and Wasatch County. We are a family-owned and operated business with more than 40 years of combined experience, and we take pride in our workmanship. Here are a few reasons why you should hire us: ● We are properly licensed, bonded, and insured, which means we meet rigorous standards for quality and safety.● Our technicians and cleaners use state-of-the-art equipment to clean your vents and air ducts, including powerful vacuums and brushes that reach deep into the system to remove even the most stubborn dirt and debris.● We offer competitive rates, so you can get the quality vent and air duct cleaning services you need without breaking the bank. Schedule Your Vent Cleaning Today Read Our Reviews At: Frequently Asked Questions Q: How frequently should I clean the air ducts or dryer vents? A: This depends on a few factors, including the number of people in your household, the number of pets you have, and whether anyone in your home suffers from allergies or respiratory problems. Generally speaking, it’s a good idea to have your air ducts cleaned every three to five years. Q: How long does it take to clean dryer vents and air ducts? A: The time depends on the size and type of ventilation system. Usually, it takes us 1-2 hours to clean an average-sized home’s ventilation system. Larger homes or commercial buildings may take longer. Q: If my air duct is broken, should I repair or replace it? A: The answer to this question depends on a few factors, such as the age and condition of your ductwork, the severity of the damage, and your budget. In many cases, it makes more sense to repair your ductwork rather than replace it. However, if the damage is significant or the ductwork is very old, replacement may be your best option. You can let us decide what’s best for you. Best Vent Cleaners is a top-rated air duct and dryer vent cleaning company in Utah. We have the experience and expertise to clean your vents and ducts quickly, safely, and thoroughly. Call us today for a free estimate on our services! "A safe vent is a secure vent" At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews. Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to further the overall value proposition. Our Services Residential Duct Cleaning Commercial Duct Cleaning Dryer Vent Cleaning Air Quality Solutions Heating & Cooling Repairs Chimney Cleaning Quick Links News & Blogs About Us Book your Appointment Privacy Policy Contact Info  (123) 45678890  info@bestventcleaners.com All Rights Reserved 2020 | Designed and Developed by: Reform The Box Marketing