Professional Dry Cleaning and Laundry Services in NC | Village Cleaners Home About Services Specials Contact Select Page SPECIALS & COUPONS Check Out Our Deals CORPORATE ACCOUNT EXPERIENCE Learn More & Sign Up HAVE A QUESTION? 919-468-0199 THE VILLAGE CLEANERS DIFFERENCE Family owned and operated since 1991, we are so much more than JUST a dry cleaner. We are your local garment care professionals. Our customer’s satisfaction is our first priority. Your continuous support of our business has given us the ability to make donations to several local nonprofit organizations and charities over the years. As a local business, we are proud to give back to our community which has so graciously accepted and supported us. Learn More SPECIALS! Year-round specials & printable coupons for our monthly deals. More Info TAILORING Allow our professionals to alter your garments. More Info WEDDING GOWNS Clean up and preserve your beautiful gown! More Info “Recently we sent all of our winter clothes to Village Cleaners on Maynard Road. When we picked up the order, we were pleasantly surprised when we found all our wool and cashmere sweaters in moth proof bags even though we had forgotten to request moth proof bags. We find this to be thoughtful and professional.” – Hamid Dehghan “I was blown away by the friendly, emergency help at Village Cleaners! Last night, my husband and I were in Cary on our way to an event when a button fell off his suit. We pulled in here, and they found a matching button, sewed it on right there on the spot, and refused to be paid for it. They saved the night!” – Molly S. “I have been taking my clothes to Village Cleaners for years. Their customer service staff are excellent and I always can count on my clothes cleaned very well. Village Cleaners is a great value for the money. I highly recommend them.” – Greg Price CONTACT US  Village Cleaners - Cary113 S.W. Maynard RoadCary, NC 27511919-468-0199 } Maynard Monday - Friday: 8AM - 6PM Saturday: 10 AM - 4 PMSunday: Closed Facebook Name Email Address Subject Message Submit ©Copyright Village Cleaners