Home - eric scott grand eric scott grand Home Contact me Author Eric Scott GrandPoet & Author Instagram Published books 1. Paradise on Earth with Words: Collection 1: OceanicISBN: 979-8727835111 2. Paradise on Earth with Words: Collection 2: Social SocietyISBN: 978-0578946368 3. Paradise on Earth with Words Collection 3: Love to LiveISBN: 979-8218242411 4. Aspirational GoalsISBN: 978-9395174190 About the AuthorI been writing for 32 years in that time I Have been published by international Society of Poets in anthologies titled a celebration of Poets a poetry collection also timeless voices America at millennium by poetry.com also a Treasury of great poems published by famous poets society Locked Hearts an anthology published by house of publishing A world of my words also published by house of publishing Recorded poems to c.d audio called creative poetic expression Recorded poetry to music by columbine records I have attended to a poetry symposium from the international Society of poets in Washington D.C. attended workshops done Open mic poetry readings currently have 3 published poetry Books in a series of collections of poems Paradise on Earth with Words Collection 1 Oceanic Paradise on Earth with Words collection 2 Social Society and Paradise on Earth with Words collection 3 Love to Live published by tell tell poetry available on Amazon and Barnes Noble website also have a collection of poems titled Aspirational Goals Published by House Of Publishing available on Amazon For latest release and updates Follow my Author Profile on Amazon Follow You must read themKnow More About the Books Paradise on Earth with Words: Collection 1: Oceanic 5  5/5 In the first collection of Paradise on Earth with Words, poet Eric Scott Grand celebrates those liminal spaces where humankind meets deep blue sea. Baptized by the great Pacific Ocean, Grand’s words praise all the warm, bright gifts that wash up here in their stream-of-consciousness tidal flow. From beach days and surfing to wondrous animal-life to dreams of mermaids, these freewheeling poems populate an oceanic paradise that calls out to the author and his readers alike. This book is a signed and sealed invitation to a place you’ll never want to leave. Click here Paradise on Earth with Words: Collection 2: Social Society 4  4/5 In the second volume of his Paradise on Earth with Words series, poet Eric Scott Grand explores every facet of contemporary human society-the ways in which we divide ourselves and the ways in which we come together. Social Society is a stream-of-consciousness study of humanity as it grows and changes in the tsunami-sized wake of accelerating technology, civil unrest, the growing wealth gap, and a devastating global pandemic. But while the aftershocks threaten to swallow the human race beneath the waves, the poet expresses a reawakened sense of hope in the future of the Anthropocene. For Eric Scott Grand, paradise on Earth is still within reach through the miracle of genuine human connection. It is the gentle touch of one hand holding another, then pulling each other up out of the floodwaters. Click here Paradise on Earth with Words Collection 3: Love to Live 4  4/5 In the third volume of his Paradise on Earth with Words series, poet Eric Scott Grand lights a blazing bonfire of love and romance. The hopeful, yearning poems in Love to Live move at the speed of a lover’s racing thoughts, his fast-flickering pulse. There’s the longing and possibility of love at a distance through online dating. There’s the sudden rush and surrender of a clandestine workplace rendezvous. There’s the push and pull of desire and doubt, of will-they or won’t-they. From the sexy to the sweet, through all of these romantic fantasies is a common thread that sizzles and sparks like a fuse; and this is the fervent hope that these slow-burning seductions will turn into something more-a love that lasts for the rest of their lives. Click here Aspirational Goals 5  5/5 These are a collection of poems what i have experienced in my academic years of schooling. Click here Aspirational Goals 5  5/5 These are a collection of poems what i have experienced in my academic years of schooling. Click here Readers said about the booksTestimonial I love the way Mr. Granda adequately describes the times we live in today. His words give me hope for the future for my grandkids and their children. We all need in and I suggest to pick up this book if you want a really good read. Jose L. Reader on Amazon This book is meant to make you feel powerful and less alone in your thoughts, while also touching on the realities that happen in day-to-day life. Whether you have anxiety, depression, lost someone you love, went through a breakup, have hit a rough patch, or many rough patches, this book is a healing process and a dose of relaxation. Mohit Sharma Reader on Amazon Read, Love & Support Connect With me FacebookInstagramTwitter Quick Links HomeContact me Subscribe to Get Latest updates Leave this field empty if you're human: eric scott grand © 2024 eric scott grand. All rights reserved. Shopping Basket