FAAST – Broadband Best Internet Facebook Twitter 8800 755 655 Home Services Plans Offers Coverage Area FAQ Partners Contact My Account Menu Home Services Plans Offers Coverage Area FAQ Partners Contact My Account My Account Home Services Plans Offers Coverage Area FAQ Partners Contact My Account Menu Home Services Plans Offers Coverage Area FAQ Partners Contact My Account My Account Lightning fast internet speeds by FAAST Networks! Strong Reliable Secure Changing the way you surf the Internet. See Plans 100Mbps High Speed Internet Offer Plans Rs.399/Month 30Mbps Unlimited Rs.599/Month 50Mbps Unlimited Rs.799/Month 100Mbps Unlimited Rs.999/Month 200Mbps Unlimited * GST: as applicable Book Play Video FAAST Networks Offers * Conditions Apply Referral Bonus Each successful referral grants you a 10% discount on your first-month’s billing. One month FREE offer Pay for 1 Year in advance and get one Month Free. Read More What We Offer 24x7 Support Our dedicated support team is available to cater to any query or problem you have. 100% Fiber Technology No more wires- 100% Fiber and Wireless means quick and easy installation within minutes. What’s more, with a FAAST solution, you can add as many personal devices as you wish( Laptops, PCs, smartphones) to use the internet without the need for setting up additional infrastructure. Read More 99% Service Uptime Reliable connectivity is our key differentiator. Access the internet, when you need it, and use it without interruption. Even if a disconnection occurs, our services and technology ensure it is most minimal leaving you to enjoy a seamless internet experience. Read More Affordable Prices! High speed doesn’t translate to high prices, in our case. We offer a range of packages to suit every budget and need. Whether you are a business or a home user, you can be assured of getting the best value for your money. Read More Robust Connectivity Lightning fast, reliable connections, with minimal disruptions, are the hallmarks of our wireless infrastructure. Read More High-end Hardware Our hardware tops in quality and reliability to guarantee consistent and reliable internet connections. Read More In todays fast world, you really need to be FAAST Get to Know Grow FAAST About FAAST Networks FAAST is the Best Broadband Internet Service Provider in Belagavi established with the motto of providing a high-speed and stable internet connection to one and all. FAAST was founded in 2015 in Belagavi, Karnataka. The definition of broadband services as simply a high-speed connection to the internet at home is fast changing. Customers today need speed and mobility to access content and information, easily and on-the-go. This is where FAAST Networks comes in. FAAST Networks services keep people connected at home and on the go. Read More Testimonials What clients say about us “Earlier, I had an internet connection, but it was not stable, it used to get disconnected after couple of hours, but with FAAST Networks, its totally a great experience, in terms of connectivity and speed. ” Ravi Patil “As a student, Rising internet costs exhausted my pocket money, but since I have started using FAAST Networks, I am getting good internet speed and I am saving money as well…” Pushkar Desai “I am a sales executive and I needed a stable internet with good speed and I needed it in almost every corner of the city, FAAST Networks powered me with its wireless solution and I am happy to use its services.” George D For FAAST internet experience We have direct peering connectivity with the providers, Facebook Amazon Youtube Google Microsoft … many more and still expanding…! Technology You are connected with the one of the best ISP technologies like, Core routers, Border Routers, Edge Router, Redundant Links, High Capacity fiber links, wireless links in well architecture Data center and One of the best Broadband technology “GPON”. GPON is a telecommunications access technology that uses fiber-optic cabling to reach the user. This fiber optic technology provides faster data transmission and reception through a single fiber, with a point-to-multipoint architecture, which allows home optical fiber (FTTH), or a building (FTTB). A GPON network is capable of transmitting multiplexing divided by time (TDM), Ethernet, and ATP traffic. These type of networks consists of an OLT (Optical Line Terminals) unit, an ONU (Optical Network Unit) and a splitter (Splitter). Newsletter Get news on your e-mail. Email Go Need Help? Call Us 24/7 8800 755 655 FAAST is the Best Broadband Internet Service Provider in Belagavi established with the motto of providing a high-speed and stable internet connection to one and all. Services Internet and Broadband Hotspot Wi-Fi Automation Internet Leased Line Useful links About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Fair Usage Policy Disclaimer Contact Career Menu About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Fair Usage Policy Disclaimer Contact Career Get in touch 8800 755 655 (Also WhatsApp) internet@faast.in Email Us Corporate Office, FAAST OUTOFBOX NETWORKS PRIVATE LIMITED Fifth Floor, Oneness, 1st Cross, 1st Main, Sadashiv Nagar, Belagavi, Karnataka: 590 001 Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2024 – FAAST Networks Check if there is an internet connection in your region Enter Your City Your Email Send Request You will receive our confirmation in your email about our coverage area in your region.