OD Sports Official Website ● OD Sports Official Website Entry ● OD Sports Official Website Login ☻ Navigation Switch Homepage.NEXT product display -Service -product classification CCD appearance detection o to make ring installed transformer transformer transformer bending machine buckle machine squeeze out the cutting machine folder automatic assembly strip segmentation machine section cleansing water line clamp clampingMachine bumper welding machine five -claw chicken eye riveting wiper steel wiper steel plate curved machine supercharged cylinder riveting machine intelligent assembly recommendation product/recomate more CCD appearance detection transformer bending machine buckle folderStriped incision machine flow water line clamping machine touch welding machine MORE company profile About us About our establishment of automated technology (Xiamen) Co., Ltd. is a production control system and equipment, rubber equipment, printing equipment.In Xiamen, Fujian Province, the registered capital is 1 million yuan, mainly operating the wiper (wiper) automatic ... More News -News -What qualifications do Xiamen assembly equipment is required for installation in Xiamen -what qualifications are required?Installation and construction have professional contracting qualifications.The installation engineering is one of the general contracting qualifications of the "Twelfth Five -Year Plan" construction construction. The total contractual qualification qualification of mechanical and electrical engineering construction is divided into first, second, and third levels.Protective equipment majors are mainly used to protect equipment manufacturers. Other professional certificates of Xiamen assembly equipment are used to approve the qualifications of human defense design.The electromechanical installation industry was born.Electromechanical installation is a relatively large -scale project.Some large enterprises migrate, and a project will not be implemented for nearly half a year.And the technical requirements for installation are quite large.... What are the characteristics of Shenzhen riveting equipment and riveting machines in Shenzhen. Shenzhen riveting voltage equipment and automatic riveting machines are the same custom equipment. Each customized riveting equipment solves the same problems for customers.Some components have high requirements for appearance, some parts are highly required for tightness, and some have high efficiency speed requirements for production parts, and there are also high requirements for precision and consistency.Each manufacturer needs different points, then the customized automatic riveting machine we designed will be different.Shenzhen riveting voltage equipment has a CNC operating system, which uses touch screen control. It can set parameters through touch screens. The equipment automatically completes riveting. It is simple, convenient, fast, saving, effort and worry.... How to prevent welding defects in the use of welding defects in full -location welding equipment during use, pores are a relatively common problem, which causes many reasons for this problem.Improper, environmental reasons, etc.In view of this, in order to effectively prevent this problem, Shenzhen welding equipment should strengthen the protection of gas when implementing welding. The welding temperature should not be too high. Strictly fill the gas according to the proportion and relevant requirements to ensure that the purity of the filling meets the requirements.At the same time, it is necessary to pay attention to the environment around the welding site. If the wind speed of the construction site exceeds 8 meters per second, it can be used to implement protection for the application of the windproof sheds, and the environmental humidity should not be too large.... Why does Xiamen welding equipment more and more popular laser welding machines are relatively simple. Many Xiamen welding equipment on the market is relatively high in the process of application.Professional training for operators can work for job operations.But the laser welding machine is not. It is very simple in actual use.It is important that there is no need to conduct too much training before the application, because all its operations are easily mastered.... why laser welding machines are better than conventional Shenzhen welded equipment laser welding machines. Laser has high power density. The welding is mainly performed in a deep melting manner. The weld forming is similar to the electron beam welding.Laser focuses small light spots and small heating range.Under the condition of the same thickness material of Shenzhen welding equipment, the welding speed of laser welding machine equipment is high.The wire energy is small, so the heating and cooling speed is very fast, the melting efficiency is high, the weld tissue is fine, and the thermal affecting area is narrow.Laser welding residual stress and deformation are small, so welded very precise parts.The material that can be welded is difficult to weld.It can welded metal or non -metals, such as glass, ceramics and organic glass.... How to avoid the choice of welding residue splashing in Shenzhen welding equipment when welding, the choice of welding equipment does not meet the requirements, and the welding equipment of the delivery and DC welding materials does not meet the welding materials.Large current, the edge of the welded slope of the welded slope, and the pollution of oil, and the welding environment does not meet the welding requirements.The operator's technology is not skilled and failed to operate and protect it in accordance with the rules.... MORE Home Homepage About Our News Center Product Center contacts us Copyright