Lakeview Homes | Custom home builder in Calgary Skip to the content Home About Us Our Projects Available Completed & Sold Projects Uncoming Project Renovation Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery For Sale Contact Us Menu Home About Us Our Projects Available Completed & Sold Projects Uncoming Project Renovation Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery For Sale Contact Us Book A Free Consutation Lakeviewhomes СUSTOM HOME BUILD IN CALGARY We believe there are convincing reasons to choose us over our competition. At Lakeview Homes Development, we always strive to achieve the perfect balance between quality and integrity.. ABOUT LAKEVIEW HOMES As a Construction Company based in Calgary, we have a mission to create homes that feature safe, spacious, and sustainable spaces, providing a one-stop solution including maintenance, renovation, and remodeling services. We have been providing services as one of the leading construction companies for more than 10 years. Who We Are? WHAT’S HAPPENING Making Custom Homes Custom Homes Lakeview Homes Renovations Lakeview Homes Available Now Lakeview Homes CONSTRUCTION SERVICES We believe there are convincing reasons to choose us over our competition. At Lakeview Homes Development, we always strive to achieve the perfect balance between quality and integrity.. Let’s build a great home together. Whether you’re planning a renovation, custom home, new commercial building, or a handyman project, your next step is to talk with a qualified Lakeview Homes Development Project Consultant Call Us: (403)-805-1020 Book your no-obligation design consultation Looking for design ideas? We’d be happy to call or visit you to discuss your design dreams and share valuable ideas. Your Name Your Phone Number Your Email Call Us We ensure the highest level of confidence by striving to deliver the highest quality of work. We understand the importance of their investment; that is why we work relentlessly to protect it and undertake to achieve the best outcome for them. Facebook Instagram Tiktok Youtube INFORMATION Home Renovations Gallery Completed Sold Projects Videos Contact Us ADDRESS Lakeview Homes Ltd. UNIT 8,2180 PEGASUS WAY NE CALGARY, AB, T2E 8M5 © 2023 LakeviewHomesCalgary. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Proudly design by 4Waydial