Professional Accountants Frankston | Business Advisors Frankston (03) 9775 5700 manager@lakewoodaccounting.com.au Home About Us CLIENT PORTAL Services Accounting Services Taxation Services Self Managed Super Fund (SMSF) Loans, Legal & More Bookkeeping Services Contact Us News BOOK NOW Select Page Professional Accountants & Business Advisory Services Self Managed Super Fund (SMSF) Specialists Taxation Services & GST Innovative Accountants, Taxation Services and Business Advisors Lakewood Accounting are your professional Accountants & Business Advisors, located right here on the Mornington Peninsula. Experience the benefits of getting out of the city without losing the expertise. We provide the highest quality Business Accounting, Bookkeeping Services, Taxation Services, Financial Planning, Self Managed Superannuation and Management Consulting Services to our clients in a timely and professional manner. We believe that to be the best, you must have the best team. Explore our team of business partners and learn how we can help you to increase your financial performance. Don’t wait any longer, book an Appointment now and secure your best Tax Return. BOOK NOW Google Reviews Allison and her team have always been outstanding during our 15+ years association – but during a particularly challenging 2020 they have been exemplary! As a small business owner I would simply not have been able to navigate through all the COVID tax challenges without them! I cannot recommend Lakewood Accounting highly enough. Louise Luke DESILVA ENTERPRISES PTY LTD changed our accounts from a city based accountancy firm to Lakewood Accounting. For the past two years you have provided a service far exceeding our expectations. I know you have 100s of clients but your team always made us feel like we are the only client and my business is important to you. I could not have asked for better service. I never feel intimidated or embarrassed to ask those ‘stupid’ questions or ask the same question in fact several times. Thank you to Allison and the TEAM. I have no hesitation in recommending Lakewood Accounting to my family and friends. Upali Desilva Lakewood Accounting offer: ACCOUNTING SERVICES Quality, straight forward advice to make sure you and your business are at its best. We offer Business Accounting Services, Personal Accounting Services. Our Accountants are all qualified and highly experienced. READ MORE TAXATION SERVICES Tax is not for everyone. Luckily it’s our specialty. We pride ourselves on our tax knowledge and we invest in the professional development and technical knowledge of our Tax Team. READ MORE SELF MANAGED SUPER FUNDS (SMSF) Be the master of your Super. We make it easier than ever. Take complete control of your investments with your Self Managed Super Fund. READ MORE FINANCIAL PLANNING Passion and vision to make you more prosperous for the future. We can help you achieve your financial goals sooner. Read more about our Financial Planning services. READ MORE LOANS & LEGAL & MORE Our range of Services include Car & Equipment Finance, Financial Planning, Home Loans, Conveyancing & Property Law READ MORE BOOKKEEPING SERVICES We have a wide range of Accounting Services to suit businesses of all sizes. We offer tailored Bookkeeping Services to small and medium businesses throughout Melbourne. READ MORE Quick Enquiry Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *FirstLastPhone Number/Mobile *Email *Type of Enquiry *AccountingBookkeepingTaxationSelf Managed SuperannuationOtherComment or Message *Submit56047 We are innovative Accountants and Business Advisors that specialise in helping you grow your business. Lakewood Accounting are a well-established Accounting Practice and our clients cover a broad range of industries. We offer a complete range of Business Accounting Services, Personal Accounting Services, Tax Accounting, Audit, Self Managed Super Funds (SMSF), Financial Planning and other Specialist Services. We have built a reputation as specialists in our Industry. No job is too big or too small for our team! LAKEWOOD ACCOUNTING Phone: (03) 9775 5700 Email: manager@lakewoodaccounting.com.au Address: Suite 2/300 Heatherhill Road Frankston VIC 3199 PO Box 4184 Frankston Heights VIC 3199 Liability Limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation. Pages About Us Accounting Services Bookkeeping Services Contact Us Home Loans, Legal & More News Self Managed Super Fund (SMSF) Tax Accountants Taxation Services Terms of Engagement Social Media Copyright Lakewood Accounting © 2023 All Rights Reserved. Website designed by Scandi Web Design Give us a Quick Call