C W Stirling & Co | Chartered Accountants | MelbourneI | VIC Skip to content Year End Strategies Home About Us Our Team Services Business Services Personal Services Auditing services Business and Finance Self-Managed Superfund Government Incentives Cyber Security Careers Blog/News Forms Contact us (03) 8613 8100 Economic Stimulus Package(03) 8613 8100 Find More Year End Strategies Generating Ideas Delivering Actions Ensuring Results Find More Stay Alert , Safe & Secure from phone scams Click Here Services At C.W. Stirling & Co, we offer the full range of business and personal services expected of a leading edge accounting firm. From Accounting and Bookkeeping to Finanacial and Estate Planning, Business Planning and Systemising through to assisting our clients obtain finance – both business and private, we do it all. Business Services Business Planning Tax Planning Investment Advisory Services Acquisition Consulting Divestment Consulting Restructuring Strategic Marketing Initiatives Business Plans Fast Track SWOT Analysis Franchising Business Systems Manual Development Strategic Planning Read More Personal Services Self Managed Super Funds Investment Property Correct Structuring Individual Tax Returns Other Investments Financial Planning Fringe Benefits Tax Planning and Specialist Advice Which Business Structure All Taxes Prudential Tax Audits Read More Auditing services Statutory Requirements Specialist Reviews Private & Public Companies Gaming Venue Audits Business Risk Reviews Read More Business and Finance Business Valuation New Business Appraisals Applications For Finance Submissions for Investment Acquisition of New Motor Vehicles and Financing Insurance Reviews Venture Capital Read More Self-Managed Superfund Tax compliance including lodgement of annual tax return. Audit of the financials statements of a self-managed super fund. On request, provide fully secure access to quarterly accounts through cloud accounting. Read More Government Incentives Research Development Incentives Export Incentives Other Grants Read More About Our Company C.W. Stirling & Co. commenced business in Victoria on 2nd October 1930. It is believed that C.W. Stirling & Co. is the oldest practising firm of Chartered Accountants in Australia, with the original partnership commencing business in Sydney about 1892. The present firm of C.W. Stirling & Co. is a Victorian owned and controlled professional firm of Chartered Accountants. Read More BENEFITS OF WORKING WITH C W STIRLING & CO Our Latest News Jun022021 Client Alert | June 2021 tax news | views | clues Download Read More Jun032020 Newsletter June 2020 & Year End Strategies Do you or your business need help? If you or your business need help with… Read More Jun022020 Client alert| June 2020 tax news | views | clues Download Read More May142020 Frequently asked questions and beware of Scams Download Read More What Our Client's Say Michael Shneyderman Managing Director, Extol Lubricants. For the past four years, I have had the pleasure of knowing and working with C.W. Stirling - Vikram Jain and John Philips, and their team… As an experienced finance/management professional myself, I am extremely pleased by their professionalism, timely and pro-active services. They’d helped me to save a six figure sum during my acquisition due diligence process and since then have been extremely helpful in my ongoing financial endeavour. I would unhesitatingly recommend Vikram and John to anyone seeking high quality financial advice and services David England I have been a client of CWS for over 30 years and have always valued their advice, guidance and professionalism across my SMSF and other family taxation matters. Tony Leishman Sandalwood House, Hotel Accommodation. You practice is really efficient, professional, never left me waiting, make things easier for me to understand and very pro-active in keeping me up to date with constant changes in the tax and finance world. Enquiry Form We don't work for our clients, we work with them Contact Us Useful LinkHome About Us Blog / News Services Forms Careers Contact us ServicesBusiness Services Personal Services Auditing services Business and Finance Self-Managed Superfund Government Incentives Cyber Security Contact Us Level 2, 1 Southbank Boulevard, Southbank Vic 3006, AUSTRALIA +61 3 8613 8100 +61 3 9629 8097 johnp@cwstirling.com.au www.cwstirling.com.au Newsletter Subscribe for awesome info Submit Leave this field empty if you're human: Copyright © 2018 C.W. Stirling & Co. All Right Reserved. Web design by Intesols