Best Web Hosting Pakistan, Cheap Web Hosting Company in Pakistan - BASE.pk Contact Us PL-67 Siddiq Trade Center, Gulberg, Lahore, Pakistan 0311-4042577 Menu Home Domain Registration Web Hosting Web Hosting Pakistan Base.pk is one of the renown Web Hosting company in Pakistan and provides complete solutions to their customers according to their requirements. Most of the website which are made up of Php language are hosted on Linux based servers, while other websites which are created on .net framework are hosted on Windows based servers. There are many other languages, scripts and CMS in which companies create their websites, so we can provide you cheap dedicated server with the operating system according to your needs. We have USA, UK, Canada and UAE based dedicated servers, with 100MB Eithernet connection. Purchase PK Domain from PKDOMAIN.com.pk company to get Free Web Hosting in Pakistan for your upcoming project. Our engineers install all the latest versions of sofwares and applications in our machines, so your data is much secure from hacking. We can also provide you Pakistan based dedicated server on your demand. We are providing both unmanaged and fully managed servers, so you can also manage your server yourself, otherwise order the managed dedicated server and our highly qualified team is available to resolved all your web hosting issues efficiently. Our support team is one of the finest in the country and can guide you properly regarding all the best solutions available to you in your budget. We provide all kind of dedicated servers, so just contact us and tell us your requirement and we will happily assist you. Web Hosting Features Fantastico Support Both Asp.net Php Support Superb Technical Support Multiple Programming Languages Support 30 Days Moneyback Guarantee Cgi, Ruby (ror), Perl, Php, Mysql Built in Web Stats 99.9 % Uptime Guarantee Quick & Easy Payment Options Premium Quality Bandwidth Secure & Reliable Space Superfast Page Load Speeds 1 Gb to Unl. Disk Space Unlimited Databases Unlimited Web Hosting Register .PK DOMAIN Free .com Domain with Hosting Package Easy Control Panel Free Site Builder Free Transfer to our Web Host Over 400 Free Applications Immediate Activation Install Web Apps in One-Click Unlimited Domains & Sub Domains Unlimited Ftp Accounts Unlimited Space & Bandwidth Packages Unlimited Email Accounts Pop3 Email Accounts Web-Based Control Panel Hosting Plan 1 1000MB Disk Space 20GB Bandwidth Free Domain Registration PHP and ASP.Net Support 99.9% Server Uptime Email Accounts 30 Day Moneyback Guarantee Free Website Builder 24x7 Technical Support $17 | Rs.2,200 / Year Hosting Plan 2 2000MB Disk Space 40GB Bandwidth Free Domain Registration PHP and ASP.Net Support 99.9% Server Uptime Email Accounts 30 Day Moneyback Guarantee Free Website Builder 24x7 Technical Support $22 | Rs.2,900 / Year Hosting Plan 3 3000MB Disk Space 60GB Bandwidth Free Domain Registration PHP and ASP.Net Support 99.9% Server Uptime Email Accounts 30 Day Moneyback Guarantee Free Website Builder 24x7 Technical Support $27 | Rs.3,500 / Year Unlimited Plan 1 Unlimited Diskspace Unlimited Bandwidth Free Domain Registration PHP and ASP.Net Support 99.9% Server Uptime Email Accounts 30 Day Moneyback Guarantee Free Website Builder 24x7 Technical Support $45 | Rs.5,900 / Year Unlimited Plan 2 Unlimited Diskspace Unlimited Bandwidth Free Domain Registration PHP and ASP.Net Support 99.9% Server Uptime Email Accounts 30 Day Moneyback Guarantee Free Website Builder 24x7 Technical Support $72 | Rs.9,000 / Year Web Hosting Services Which Meet All Your Needs Reseller Hosting Unlimited Domains Unlimited cPanel Personal Name Servers Free Billing System Unlimited Emails VPS Hosting Up to 400 GB HDD Space Up to 2000 GB Data Transfer Complete Root Access Dedicated IP Free Licenese WHM / cPanel Cloud Hosting cPanel/WHM Control Panel Full Root Access Multiple OS Choices Guaranteed RAM Free Managed VPS Service Dedicated Server Unlimited Diskspace Unlimited Bandwidth Unlimited Traffic Windows/Linux OS Managed / Unmanaged Wordpress Hosting Unlimited Space Unlimited Bandwidth Instant WordPress Installs Host Unlimited Websites Website Builder From Base.pk you can buy all types of domains and web hosting services at cheap prices. We deal in all ccTLDs, gTLDs, infact you can buy a domain name in any extension from us at low price. WordPress, Forums & Script Hosting If you have used an open source script for creating your website, you want to host your website online. Then you can host your website on our servers, we have complete support, addons and applications to host your WordPress, phpbb, Joomla, SMF, Open Cart or any other script based or Php customized website. Domain Registration We are one of the top rated company in Pakistan which is providing cheap domain name registration and web hosting services in Pakistan. If you are a student, teacher, fashion designer, business owner or belong to any other profession and want to create an online website, then first thing you need is a domain name. You can search the domain name from above search bar, or contact us, we will help you in finding the domain name according to your requirement in your desired domain extension. Once you have finalized the domain name, then you can book your order with us, and select any of the payment method which is convenient for you and send the payment. Once we receive the payments, we will register you domain without wasting a single minute. From our company you can purchase a domain name in any extension, some of the examples of international domain extensions are .com, .net, .org etc. You can also register a domain with us in country code top level domain such as .pk, .com.pk, .org.pk, .biz.pk, .fam.pk or if you are working in any governmental or educational institute or organization then we can also serve you with .edu.pk or .gov.pk domains on providing proper documentation. If you want to buy cheap .pk Domain then you can get services from PkDomain.com.pk which is one of the best domain registration company in Pakistan. Linux & Windows Hosting If you are a company which is providing designing and development services, and have few clients and right now you cannot afford the dedicated server, then you can get benefit from our reseller web hosting plan. We are one of the best web hosting and domain registration services provider company in Pakistan. We suggest you to try our reseller web hosting plan and enjoy full specification of server with 100% uptime in low price. Our technical team is very experienced, and servers are fully secured. We can tweak a special reseller plan for you, in accordance with your requirements, so just talk with our support member and he will assist you to a perfect solution which will suit your business. Our company is offering Windows and Linux based reseller web hosting with WHM and Parallel Plesk Control Penals in cheap prices. Professional Web Hosting It is era of competition, so it is top priority of every professional and business owner to give an online presence to his company. Keeping in view all the needs of website designers, developers, and business owners we have designed a company which can fulfill all your web hosting and domain registration needs efficiently. Time is money, so we take care of your time and provide you with best solutions available in the market. From our company you can get website designing, development, app development, ssl certificate, search engine optimization and domain registration in Pakistan services at cheap prices. We also providing web hosting solutions, so you have a wide range of options and you can choose a hosting plan from shared, virtual private server (VPS), dedicated server or reseller hosting. Our servers are secured, with 99.99% uptime guaranteed and we are best web hosting company in Pakistan. You can contact us today from any city of Pakistan to avail our quality and hassle free services. Unlimited Disk Space After finding a domain of your choice the next thing a person does is, he finds a perfect host to bring his website online. While choosing a hosting provider company, people mainly emphasise on the availability of disk space. Because the client wants the maximum disk space to host his website or application. After visiting several companies, he looks for the minimum price. But it is usually very difficult and almost impossible thing to find a cheap web hosting company with satisfied disk space. So we have created some special plans to deliver you our top rated services, you can avail maximum web hosting space on our servers in very low price. We also offer customized web hosting plans to match your budget and needs, you can contact our support team for assistance in this regard. 99.99% Uptime Server The next most important factor while choosing a web hosting company is the uptime of servers, we advice all the people who are looking to purchase a web hosting plan, and researching the different hosting companies, please don’t settle down with any hosting company which is providing an uptime of less than 99.99%. We provide 99.9% server uptime to all our shared, VPS, Reseller and dedicated server customers. Our servers are located mostly in Canada and America, we can also provide you web hosting services on servers located in Germany, United Kingdom and Dubai on your demand. So order today for your web hosting package, if you are facing difficulty in choosing the right hosting plan for yourself, and you are new to all this stuff, then you contact us and tell us your requirement and discuss with our support team, they will definitely assist you in choosing the right web hosting plan with your required disk space. Unlimited Data Transfer & Bandwidth When you host a website online, then it is very important for a business website to have unlimited bandwidth or data transfer. But some very famous companies, i will not name them, use the fire usage policy and thereby restrict the resources and the website and ultimately the business suffer. So we advise you to only choose a reliable web hosting company while you choose the hosting provider. If you are running an eCommerce or business website or trying to earn from heavy traffic, or your business involve multiple email accounts then you need unlimited bandwidth to get maximum out of your business. So give a try to our cheap and reliable web hosting services by ordering today our shared, VPS, reseller or dedicated server package. We are providing unlimited data transfer or bandwidth in Pakistan at low prices. Copyright 2019 base.pk. All rights reserved.