Welcome to Guest Service Events! GuestServiceEvents The driving force behind excellent guest service. Home Events Upcoming Events Register for an Event Services Referral Cards Sign Up to become a Representative Special Offers Contact Welcome! Welcome to our Guest Service Events site. We are the driving force behind the excellent guest service experienced at Capone's Dinner & Show. On occasion, we host events for guest services, and when we do, they will be listed here. This site is primarily geared toward helping our guest service representatives promote Capone's by providing tools and information which, in turn, earns them cold hard cash! Steps to earning cold hard cash: Sign Up Distribute Referral Cards Pick Up Your Check! Referral Cards Need more referral cards? Fill out our request form or E-mail your request to priss@alcapones.com. If sending an E-mail, please be sure to include your name, the address you want them mailed/delivered to as well as your E-mail address. Capone’s Dinner & Show referral cards will be mailed, delivered to you or we can arrange a time for you to stop by and pick them up. Events at Capone’s Dinner & Show Currently there are no scheduled events for our Guest Service representatives. Events at Other Locations Every week, the Thursday Visit Orlando Leads Group meets for a networking lunch at different restaurants in the I-Drive area in order to help business owners and sales people connect with each other and build relationships. For more information about the Thursday Visit Orlando Leads Group, contact Sandi Daugherty. If you know of a special event that caters to the hospitality or guest service industry and would like to have it announced on our web site, please contact us! Services Referral Cards Sign Up to be a Guest Service Representative Special Offers Guest Service Events Upcoming Events Register for an Event Customer Service "...customers have memories. They will remember you, whether you remember them or not." – Rules to Break and Laws to Follow by Don Peppers and Martha Rogers, Ph.D. Did You Know? A customer service experience can change the entire perception a customer has of the organization. Copyright © 2023 Guest Service Events - brought to you by the gang at Capone's Dinner & Show