Odantapuri Educational and Welfare Society Home About Us President's message Board of member Institutions Activity Report Activity Report(2022) Fields of working Education Skill Development program Awarness Program Rural Development program Engage Volunteer Partnership Our Certificate Contact Us Blog Blog Page Single Blog Donate Now! We build a future of deprived Our vision is to create a world where the deprived children or students are empowered to take charge of their lives and become self-reliant. View Causes We empower with Education Our mission is to empower students with the tools they need to reach their full potential and positively impact the world around them. Join Us Now! Welcome to Odantapuri We endeavour for quality education among the various teaching levels through pedagogy, seminars, conferences, educational development programs, etc. The Odantapuri Educational and Welfare Society endeavours to work for the educational development programme of Society and to run and maintain the different levels of educational Institutes to provide endowments, stipends, scholarships and other allowances to deserving and needy students for promotion and encouragement of all types of education and to help deserving student for admission of other higher educational institution. Read More 29 Donors 100+ Students Served 250K Donated 12 Volunteers Our Causes We are committed to a set of causes that are important to us. We believe in helping underprivileged students and making a difference in their lives. 10% Raised: Rs. 1,00,000 Goal: Rs. 10,00,000 Sponsor a girl student At Odantapuri, we believe Education is indispensable for a brighter tomorrow. We intend to sponsor a girl student from an extremely low-income family who is willing to continue with her education. Donate Now 6% Raised: Rs. 1,50,000 Goal: Rs. 25,00,000 Education Fund Our goal is to improve the lives of those in need by providing them with the necessary tools to succeed in life. You can also help us do more good in this world by donating today! Donate Now 0% Raised: Rs. 0 Goal: Rs. 2,50,000 Non-Education Fund At Odantapuri Educational and Welfare Society, we also raise non-education funds in the form of medical, employment, social protection and rehabilitation, etc. Donate Now 4% Raised: Rs. 10,00,000 Goal: Rs. 2,50,00,000 College/School corpus fund The corpus fund is raised for building, maintaining, and repairing college and school buildings. We want to ensure that students have the best facilities possible so they can thrive and learn in the environments where they live, play, and grow up. Donate Now 0% Raised: Rs. 0 Goal: Rs. 2,00,000 International Conference fund Our goal is for our students to make an impact on the world—both within their region and beyond. To this end, we have established a fund for international conferences to ensure all students have access to the best possible learning experiences. Donate Now 0% Raised: Rs. 0 Goal: Rs. 5,00,000 Job Fair fund We raise the Job Fair fund for organizing job fair for students, who are in need of getting employed and searching for jobs. This can help them grow their careers and earn a living. This is our continuous effort to help them out. Donate Now Become A Volunteer Odantapuri Educational and Welfare Society endeavors to influence people who are keen to be volunteers for various assignments like voluntarily providing categorical services to the Society to meet its goal. Join Us Now! Upcoming Events At Odantapuri Educational and Welfare Society, we are organizing several upcoming events. We hope our events will be successful enough to bring smiles to the faces of needy children and students. Distribution of Stationery August, 2023 | 10:00AM - 04:00PM Patna, Bihar Our Society will distribute free stationery items to students in educational institutions at Patna and its surroundings very soon. National Conference December, 2023 | 10:00AM - 05:00PM Patna, Bihar It is our pleasure to announce that we are going to organizing a National / International Conference at Patna. Job Fair October, 2023 | 10:00AM - 05:00PM Patna, Bihar We invite everyone who is looking for a job to come and join our job fair and avail the opportunity. Rural Development November, 2023 | 10:00AM - 05:00PM Patna, Bihar We help in the development of rural areas by providing education to the children through different sponsored programs. Educational Blogs Our blog posts will feature information about our programs, updates on our initiatives, and news about what we're up to. Educational directives by authority 21 April 2023 By Admin 0 Comments In recent times, there has been a major focus on improving the quality of education and bringing it at par with global standards. There are various initiatives being taken by the state boards and government to ensure that quality education is available to all sections of society. Rural development 19 May 2023 By Admin 0 Comments Rural development is improving the quality of life in rural areas. The term "rural" does not necessarily refer to a lack of technology but rather to a lack of access to modern amenities and social services. Rural development is focused on improving economic conditions and education but also to improve health care and sanitation. Education at a glance 12 June 2023 By Admin 0 Comments Many people think education is just about getting a degree and landing a job. But it's so much more than that. Education is about gaining new perspectives, being able to solve problems with creativity, and being able to present your ideas to others confidently to meet the requirements of the society as whole. Odantapuri Educational and Welfare Society (OE&WS) is a non-profit organization that aims to improve the lives of those in need. Through our work, we strive to help children and students realise their full potential by providing them with educational and employment opportunities for growth and learning. Shrinagar Colony, Near Chetna Samiti, PO-Ashiana Nagar, Patna - 800025, Bihar +91-84347-53205 info@odantapurigroup.in Galery Newsletter Our newsletters aim to provide insight into what has been happening in our society over the past year, including some information on upcoming events. If you are eager to know more about us and be a constant part of our journey, show some support by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe Home About Causes Events Blog Contact © All rights reserved | Odantapuri Educational and Welfare Society.