Indigal problems of male health Chronic prostate prostate prostate prostate cancer prevention of article cancer about Indigals Contacts Search for Male Health Chronic Prostata Adenom Prostate Prostate Prostate Prostate Prevention of Indigens Contact Search Prostate Cancer Cancer - or Prostate Cancer - This is a malignant formation that is a malignant formation that is a malignant formation that is a malignant formationIt occurs in the prostate gland, when the cells of the glandular epithelium of the prostate are transformed under the influence of various adverse factors.Prostate cancer is one of the most common oncological diseases: it takes fifth place among the most common types of cancer (it accounts for 5.5% of all cases of oncological diseases) and second place in prevalence in men, yielding only to trachea cancer, bronchiand lungs¹².[1] - Lopatkin N. A. Urology / Ed.N. A. Lopatkina-M: GEOTAR-MEDIA, 2013.-1024 p., Chapter 33.10, p. 78, p. 1-70.[2] - prostate cancer.Clinical recommendations.All -Russian public organization “Russian Society of Oncomanthi”.2021. https://oncology-association.ru/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/rak-predstatelnoj-zhelezy.pdf The disease disease causes and risk groups of prostate cancer usually become a change in testosterone levels in the bloodto which, in turn, the hormonal restructuring of the male body in middle and advanced age leads.Learn more prostate health disorders, see more detailed information for each problem of chronic prostata adenoma more details of the prostate cancer in more detail all diseases, See also dietary supplements of youth and the health of the prostate of Indol-3-carbinol and green tea categories in the composition of antitumor properties, they have anti-foil properties,At the same time, they do not affect healthy organs and tissues.Indol-3-carbinol and epallocatechin-3-gallate are able to prevent the growth of neoplasms in the prostate gland at the molecular level, without having a negative effect on the sexual functions of a man. 1. O.I.Apolikhin, A.V.Sivkov, Yu.V.Kudryavtsev and others. Effective pharmacotherapy in urology, No. 3 2009, p. 40-45.Find out more where to buy green tea - a men's drink, green tea can be fully recognized as a male drink!... as the intestines is associated with the state of the male reproductive system for the well -being of the men's genitourinary system, it is important to take care of normalizing the intestines ... What needs to be excluded from the menu for problems with the male reproductive system. A special diet is needed for diseases of the male genitourinary system ... LLC “LLC“Alce ”Contacts: Address: 129110 Moscow Olympic Avenue D. 16 p.5th floor 5 pom.I telephone: +7 495 502-92-47 Email: Medinfo@alceapharma.ru Quality@alceapharma.ru Safety_rus@alceapharma.ru License to carry out pharmaceutical activities No. 99-02-007481, issued indefinitely the Federal Service for VoThe field of healthcare on 10/29/2019 Certificate of state registration of TR TS No. RU.77.99.88.88.003.001878.05.19 dated 05/22/2019 © 2021 LLC ALCEA Politics on personal data processing Contacts User Agreement BAD.This section is not a drug is intended only for medical and pharmaceutical workers.The information provided in this section is not intended for independent diagnosis and treatment.Are you a health worker?No, this section is intended only for medical and pharmaceutical workers.The information provided in this section is not intended for independent diagnosis and treatment.Are you a health worker?No, this section is intended only for medical and pharmaceutical workers.The information provided in this section is not intended for independent diagnosis and treatment.Are you a health worker?No, this section is intended only for medical and pharmaceutical workers.The information provided in this section is not intended for independent diagnosis and treatment.Are you a health worker?No, this section is intended only for medical and pharmaceutical workers.The information provided in this section is not intended for independent diagnosis and treatment.Are you a health worker?Not really