Registration ,Translation and Management Service for Hawaii's Japanese Market Tool [allhawaii.jp by Hawaii Tourism Japan] Toggle navigation ESP x Hawaii2 Home About Market Services Plan Contacts A web portal created by Hawai`i Tourism Japan About "allhawaii" Would you like to access the Japanese Market? Market Data We can help! Our Service Prev Next About "allhawaii" "allhawaii" is Hawai'i Tourism Japan's portal website where audience can find information to travel, such as Accommodations, Shopping, Gourmet, Weddings, Sightseeing, Golfing, Tours & Activities, Health & Beauty, Transportation, Events, etc. An enhanced search function, including “by Island,” “by Area,” “by Event,” “by Category,” filters information together with its respective maps, allowing for an extremely user-friendly website. Content Management System (CMS) interface was built into "allhawaii" in which businesses in Hawai'i with physical addresses can access the back-end of the website and post up-to-date information at any time, which in turn creates a portal site that contains the most recent and updated information for viewers to check. You can create a webpage in Japanese in order to communicate to the Japanese travelers about your business. When directly communicating the appeal of your business, you will encourage visitors to utilize your services. As part of the Second Launch Phase, the information provided can be recommended to users with matching interests, thus raising the probability of engagement. You will be able to send information directly to users who have marked your location as a favorite spot and be able to analyze the number of users who have viewed the page and their attributes. In the Third Launch Phase, planning is underway to provide published information to major services in Japan via API which will be considered official information from Hawai'i Tourism Japan. "allhawaii" will be THE website that everyone will utilize to find information, all about Hawai'i, in one location and connecting your business with customers in Japan. https://www.allhawaii.jp/ Create a webpage in Japanese If you do not have one already, this can be your Japanese webpage. Using a Content Management System (CMS) Interface, Hawai'i Tourism Japan has made it easy for you to create content for your webpage. Sample Webpage Input Business Information You will be able to input the name of your business, a description of your business, phone number, address, email address, hours of operation, holidays observed, etc. Sample Detail Page Topics and Events Topics is like a BLOG where you can share things about your business. You can promote any special events or promotions that will be happening under Events. If you have a menu, you can place that onto your webpage as well. Sample Topics Page Register for Access Please note that signing up for this portal site is free of charge. However, the interface for this website is entirely in Japanese. Therefore, you will need someone who can read/write Japanese in order to utilize this website to its fullest advantage. If you are able to read/write Japanese then please contact us and we will assist you to get registered. If you require assistance with reading/writing Japanese, we are here to help you! Please look through the various plans available. Please review the guidelines from Hawai'i Tourism Japan if you wish to participate in this opportunity. Marketing Stats 152,438 Number of Visitors from Japan (August2016) $219.40 Average Daily Spending per Person per Day (in US$) 6,400 Current Daily Max Page Views 1,300 Current Daily Max Unique Users Our Services ESP Hawaii, a travel industry specialist that provides Sales and Marketing Services, Japanese Language Staffing Service and Event Planning and Production Services; and Hawaii2 eSolutions, an internet marketing and web development company, have collaborated our efforts to provide solutions to Hawai'i businesses that are interested in accessing the Japanese Market. We also provide data entry services for the"allhawaii" web portal for Hawai'i Tourism Japan, translation and copywriting services, and PR/Marketing services. Data Entry Services We can assist you with the initial set up of your webpage in "allhawaii" which needs to be done all in Japanese. We will translate and input your basic business information, upload photos of your business and also include menus where applicable. Translation/Copywriting We provide full translation and copywriting services. Sometimes just translating from one language to another is just not enough, therefore, copywriting makes the translation sound normal in the appropriate language. Web Creation and Programming Are you considering creating a website for your business? Do you wish to have it in both English and Japanese, or possibly in other languages? Did you want to sell items on your website and make it easy for you and the consumer to handle such transactions? We can help! PR and Marketing From marketing research to news releases, we are here to assist you with your PR and Marketing needs for the Japanese Market. Not only providing traditional marketing service but also we help you at new online marketing service with our state of the art marketing technologies. Our Pricing We have created a few pricing plans that we hope will suit your needs, depending on how often you wish to update the Topics and/or Events. The value plan that we wish to recommend is Plan B. Data Entry $95 one time fee Input basic information onto "allhawaii" Translation into Japanese* is included Maintenance after this initial input in not included Select Plan Plan A $55 per month Input up to four (4) Topics or Events per YEAR Up to one (1) update to your basic information per MONTH Includes Japanese Translation* and Data Entry Service Select Plan Plan B $75 per month Input up to six (6) Topics or Events per YEAR Up to two (2) updates to your basic information per MONTH Includes Japanese Translation* and Data Entry Service Select Plan Plan C $125 per month Input up to twelve (12) Topics or Events per YEAR Up to four (4) updates to your basic information per MONTH Includes Japanese Translation* and Data Entry Service Select Plan * Some restrictions may apply. Contact Us Please use following form to contact us or just emai to [email protected]. We'll get back to you within 2 business days. Name Name is required Email Email Address is required Message Human Test Enter the code shown above in the box below Submit Copyright 2024 by ESP Hawaii x Hawaii2 eSolutions Privacy Statement | Terms Of Use