Bina Nusantara University (Binus): Forming future leaders with quality education skip to content Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Phone: +62 21 534 5830 Fax: +62 21 535 0660 Jl.K. H. Syahdan No.9, Kemanggisan 11480 Home Blog About Us Privacy Policy About Bina Nusantara University Bina Nusantara University, or familiarly abbreviated as Binus, is a leading private higher education institution in Indonesia.The establishment of Binus originated from the Jakarta Economic Technology Institute (Itej), which was founded in 1974 by Joseph Wibowo and Bernard Gani.In 1996, Itej underwent transformation into the University of Bina Nusantara as a form of commitment [...] Read more Privacy Policy Binusunan Bina Nusantara University (BINUS) gave high priority to students' privacy and all parties involved in the academic environment.Statement of Privacy Policy Bina Nusantara University guarantees that all personal information will be managed very carefully and only used in accordance with predetermined needs.Binus Student Data Security Having a security system [...] Read more Latest News: February 5, 2024 Industrial Revolution 4.0 Campus transformed through Industrial Revolution Technology 4.0 has brought major changes, especially in the education sector.Campus and University, as an educational institution, need to transform to face the complexity and change [...] News 1 Min Read February 5, 2024 Campus is superior with the focus of Industrial Revolution Technology 4.0 Superior Campus Vice President of Binus Higher Education, Prof.Dr.Ir.Harjanto Prabowo, M.M., revealed that Binus University students have a study period of 2.5 years, [...] News 1 Min Read February 5, 2024 Achievement Binus won the Rakorda LLDIKTI Award in Ungus University Achievement won 12 awards at the Regional Coordination Meeting (Rakorda) LLDIKTIRegion III of DKI Jakarta in 2024. The event was held at the Grand Chapel, [...] News 1 Min Read February 1, 2024 Paradigm Transformation Facing Cyber Society Threats Society Transformation Paradigm Utilization of the Internet in daily life has become an integral part of various aspects, starting fromFrom social media, chat applications, information search, online shopping, to [...] News 2 Min Read February 1, 2024 contributes in the Jakarta Higher Education Week 2024 Binus to enliven the Jakarta Higher Education Week 2024 with the theme "Elevating Experience, Contributing to Binus Education WeekUniversity was present at an event organized by LLDIKTI Region III [...] News 1 Min Read SearchSearch Recent Posts Industrial Revolution 4.0 Campus transformed through the Technology of the FEBARER 5, 2024 Industrial Revolution 4.0 has brought major changes, especially in the education sector.Campus and University, as an educational institution, need to transform to face the complexity and change [...] superior campus with the focus of the technology of the Industrial Revolution 4.0febrular 5, 2024 Superior Vice President of Binus Higher Education, Prof.Dr.Ir.Harjanto Prabowo, M.M., revealed that Binus University students had a study period of 2.5 years, [...] Binus's superior achievement won the Rakorda LLDICEBERBARY 5, 2024 Binus University's superior achievement won 12 awards at the Regional Coordination Meeting (Rakorda) LLDIKTI Region III DKI Jakarta in 2024. The event was held at the Grand Chapel, [...] Paradigm Transformation Facing Cyber Threats Era SocietyFebruary 1, 2024 Transformation of the Paradigm of Internet Utilization in Daily Life has become an integral part of various aspects, ranging from social media, chat applications, information search, online shopping, up to [...] Ubinus.ac.id unhamka.ac.id unindira.ac.id unpai.ac.id unpan.ac.id itbb.ac.id ungm.ac.id ipbu.ac.id itsn.ac.idUndig.ac.id university-djuanda.ac.id staipibdg.ac.id Copyright © 2024 University of Bina Nusantara.All Rights Reserved.Powered by Bina Nusantara University.