Watermelon Festival 2023 - Watermelon Festival Festival Info Schedule of Events Photo Gallery Concert Info FAQs Vendors Information Directions Maps Buy Merch Applications Food Vendor Application – CLOSED Non-Food Vendor & Nonprofit Application – CLOSED Parade Application – CLOSED Sponsorship Application Volunteer Registration Form Sponsors Contact Us General Contact Parade Contact Arts, Crafts, Flea Market and Space Contact Food Vendors Contact Entertainment Contact Car Show Contact Select Page 38th ANNUAL WINTERVILLE Watermelon FESTIVAL 38th ANNUAL WINTERVILLE Watermelon FESTIVAL About the Festival The legendary Winterville Watermelon Festival is a multi-day event featuring activities the whole family can enjoy. You can hear local and nationally known music acts throughout the event. One of the biggest events of the festival is the Watermelon Parade through town. The watermelon-eating contest is always a favorite. Festival-goers young and old can enjoy carnival rides and midway games all weekend. In addition, visitors can check out the flea market and commercial vendors set up through the festival grounds. Food vendors serve both watermelon treats and classic fair food such as funnel cakes, turkey legs, and corn dogs. The Winterville Watermelon Festival has so much to offer. You don’t want to miss it! Our 38th Annual Watermelon Jam will feature the one and only Marshall Tucker Band! Get your tickets today! Buy Tickets THURSDAY Aug. 24 Rides Only Night6PM –10PM View the schedule FRIDAY Aug. 25 Opening Night6PM –10PM View the schedule SATURDAY Aug. 26 Watermelon Jam8AM –11PM View the schedule SUNDAY Aug. 27 Last Day of Summer Sunday1PM –6PM View the schedule View the 2021 Photo Gallery Presenting Sponsors Volunteer Sign-up to become a volunteer The Winterville Watermelon Festival wouldn't be possible without the help from our community. We need people - like you! - to step up to help us put on our beloved festival. We ask you to consider signing up to join the family that is the Winterville Watermelon Festival Planning Committee! You'll have the opportunity to help in many ways: selling t-shirts, driving shuttles, selling tickets, assisting as band hands, monitoring bounce houses, or manning parade entry spots, and more! Volunteer Registration Form Designed and maintained by Brand and Web Designs