The Red Shed | The Red Shed | Innovative Design Solutions | Darwin NT Quick Links About The Red Shed Design Review Service Contact Us Project Showcase New Residential Multi-Residential Residential Extensions Industrial Commercial Industrial 2017© DPL Developments Pty Ltd. Website by DMS Contact us today: 08 8984 3066 Home The TRS Story Testimonials Design Showcase New Residential Multi Residential Renovations and Extensions Commercial Industrial Design Review Media Awards Other Services Aerial Footage & Photography Modeling Rendering and Visualisation Contact Us Home The TRS Story Testimonials Design Showcase New Residential Multi Residential Renovations and Extensions Commercial Industrial Design Review Media Awards Other Services Aerial Footage & Photography Modeling Rendering and Visualisation Contact Us 2015 Award Winning Designer Custom Designed Homes over 450 sqm total floor area Experienced Design Review Service The Red Shed can review your building design for DA Approval and certification. The Red Shed Project Showcase A selection of the best design projects by The Red Shed How to contact The Red Shed All essential contact information and general enquiries. THE RED SHED: INNOVATIVE DESIGN SOLUTIONS The Red Shed is a team of professional Building Designers specialising in new homes, residential extensions, commercial and industrial projects. The Red Shed has built strong professional relationships with many Darwin Builders, Engineers, Certifiers and other building professionals, and will help manage the project from concept to completion. The Red Shed designs home to suit your unique needs and the Territory climate. READ THE RED SHED STORYRECENT PROJECTS VIEW OUR DESIGN SHOWCASECLIENT TESTIMONIALS We were recommended to the Red Shed when we were looking to redesign our kitchen/lounge and extend the deck on our elevated house. After other design companies we contacted did not return calls or emails, we found Darron to be personable, responsive and full of great design ideas. He was able to incorporate our initial ideas and combine these with the functionality we needed in the space to give a refreshing and modern look to our house, with some clever design elements for living in the tropics. We really felt that we worked in collaboration with Darron throughout the design process and this was greatly helped by the visual representations he provides to bring the ideas to life, so you can be sure of the way it will look. We would strongly recommend The Red Shed to any prospective clients. You can be sure that the Red Shed team will take fantastic care from the beginning to end of your project. Georgie & Craig Wynne READ MORE CLIENT TESTIMONIALS The Red Shed is a team of professional Building Designers specialising in quality drafting services for new residential, residential extensions, commercial and commercial extensions. QUICK LINKS About The Red Shed Design Showcase Design Review Service Contact Us Contact Information Phone: 08 8984 3066 Postal: Unit 11, 119 Reichardt Road, Winnellie, Darwin NT 0820 Email: admin@theredshednt.net.au Login | 2017© DPL Developments Pty Ltd. | Website by DMS