Kantilal Shah English Medium School We Are Open For Admissions !! Kantilal Shah English Medium School Name Contact Number Email Class Description We Are Open For Admissions !! Kantilal Shah English Medium School Name Contact Number Email Class Description Home About About Us President's Message Chairman's Message Principal's Message Mandatory Disclosure The House System Notice Board Events Gallery Contact Kantilal Shah Vidyalaya Apply For Admission Open House on 10/10/2022 Open House of first term for grade 1to 8 (academic year 2022-23) School re opens on 7th November ,2022. School re opens on 7th November ,2022. View All Welcome to Kantilal Shah English Medium School As educators in pursuit of joyous education, our focus at Kantilal Shah English Medium School is to deliver high quality nationally acclaimed curriculum. Adhering to the values instilled by our promoter, Late Shri. Kantilal Hiralal Shah; a true Gandhian, ardent social worker and an enthusiastic educationist, we prepare children to become change leaders with precision, leadership skills and confidence. We offer education that caters to the needs of kindergarten learners to young learners of grade 10 and our prime goal is to not just to offer contemporary education but to foster their curiosity, creativity, imagination and critical thinking whilst helping them shape a prosperous future. OUR PHILOSOPHY We are a close-knitted community of lifelong learners, committed to developing individuals who are knowledgeable, compassionate and able to act in their own lives and world. FACILITIES We offer a vibrant atmosphere that allows students to explore different horizons that will lead them towards their individual path of excellence. COMMUNITY Meet our educators who are constantly ensuring that education is being delivered in a meaningful way and helping students achieve beyond expectations. Wall of Fame At SSC 2019-2020, our students performed splendidly with toppers, Pankaj Sandeep, Mannasi Babusaheb Pawar, and Roshani Sayyad scaling new heights with 92.40%, 91.60%, and 89.60% respectively. This arduous journey of our students included hardwork, discipline and copious sacrifices. Despite the uncertainty of the new normal, the persistent nature of students to excel ushered in jubilation to the achievements of our students and in the delight of parents and our teachers. Pankaj Gade 92.40% 1200 Students 25 Years Completed News & Events October, 21 Dandiya Celebration We celebrated the magic of Garba and Da... October, 06 Warli Painting Warli art is a traditional tribal art fo... September, 21 Competition GaneshChaturthi CreativityUnleashed Fes... August, 18 INDEPENDENCE DAY CELEBRATION The event was a resounding success, brin... April, 11 Annual Sports Day 2023 The chief guest for the Meet was Interna... January, 26 74 th Repubilc Day Celebration 74 th Repubilc Day Celebration... January, 25 Vasant Panchami Celebration Vasant Panchami Celebration... January, 13 Makar Sankranti celebration Makar Sankranti celebration... October, 19 Diwali Celebration Diwali Celebration for Students... August, 15 Independence Day celebration Independence Day celebration... August, 10 Investiture Ceremony Oath taking ceremony of newly elected st... June, 21 International Yoga Day Yoga Day Celebration in School.... March, 08 Women's Day Feminism isn't about making women strong... August, 15 Independence Day Independence Day marks the end of Britis... August, 12 Rakshabandhan Celebration Celebration of Raksha Bandhanthrough let... May, 08 Mother's Day Mother's Day is a celebration honoring t... Vision V To inspire a passion for learning in students by national, global, and multicultural perspectives. Missions M To empower our students to apply their acquired skills and knowledge to become contributing members of the global community and face challenges of the 21st Century. Values V We have defined four key values using the acronym "CARE" COOPERATION, ACHIEVEMENT, RESPECT, EMPATHY Gallery Show All Information Link Home About Events Contact Emails Contact Details kantilalshahvidyalaya@gmail.com +91 92267 346 45 Near Indrayani College Talegaon Station, Pune - 410507 © 1997 - All Rights Reserved. Kantilal Shah English Medium School Design & Developed By HSPM SOLUTIONS LLP.