Landmark Developers – Mountain view Organic Farmland Skip to content Landmark Developers Menu Home About Us Our Project Testimonial Contact Us Schedule a Visit Land Mark Developers One Concept, Multiple locations Book a visit now A Life, Beyond concrete jungle Your Farmhouse, Our Expertise. Landmark Developers Landmark Developers is among India’s foremost farmland and farmhouse developers. Welcome to our brand of organic, rural farm getaways which you can own. Welcome to the property of greenery. You will be an owner of a farm experience where you can leave your hectic life behind and retreat to a beautiful, natural eco-friendly property which will rejuvenate your health and refresh your mood.It’s a great opportunity to own your very own Farmland which are affordable .We provide you with well developed farmplots with tree,vegetable and fruit plantations with Amenities to enjoy your peaceful time with nature, family and friends away from hustle and bustle of city life.Investing in real estate is the most secure spend that you can do. The returns are always high and sustainable. Read More Sustainable Integrated Solutions The Landmark community actively attempts to incorporate sustainable practices at every step in the journey. The impact of our Farmplots and the lifestyle it inspires is far-reaching, bringing about visible short-term and long-term changes around us. We believe in taking care of the Earth and contributing to the principles of fair share.Every species plays a crucial role in the ecosystem. Rapid urbanisation and concrete jungles have seen a decrease in local flora and fauna. Farm plots not only help preserve existing species but also create ecosystems for several species of flora and fauna to make a comeback. Huge tracts of arable land have been degraded due to exploitation of agoriculture & urbanisation. Our Farm Plots are set up to ensure that the land is an eternal food source and a place for human habitation for generations to come. Reconnect with Nature: We want to offer well planned farmlands at an affordable rate to people where they can have a peaceful farm experience leaving their hectic life behind where they can retreat and connect to a beautiful, natural eco-friendly property which will rejuvenate health and refresh mood.We want to offer A place where people can reconnect with nature and their roots Project Amenities. Secured and covered Campus Big Entrance Gate 2 year maintanance Free Drip Irrigation Fruit Plantations Electricity Street Light Cottage Amazing view of Natural Surrounding WBM Road Common Garden Children Play Area Water Supply Green Environment Farmplots: An investment at its Best Investing in land is always a good idea. It can even be called the ‘golden child’ of investments as it is an asset that has endless potential and is also a resource with limited supply.Land Availability has reduced, Buy today at affordable prices or regret later.Plots always have appreciation value.Be connected to nature.Secure a parcel for your future generation.Give your family a much needed getaway just a half hour drive to the plot.Fulfil the Dream of owning a Big Land parcel.Grow your own liked variety of fruits and vegetation.Sustainability & Health. Enjoy Naturecation at your very own mini farmland Your weekend Getaway Own a Farmland ,Enjoy acres Nature space of your own, live with nature on your own farm.Be a farmer-learn and grow your very own organic food.Low investment cost and high returns.Be a farmer-learn and grow your very own organic food.Connect with mother nature at leisure- walk, cycle, mediate.Preserve a piece of land for your future generation.Give your family a healthy retreat to a beautiful, natural eco-friendly property.Have your very own variety of plants, trees, fruits, flowers. Our Feedback What People SayAbout Us View All First in town Concept with good amenities at reasonable rates. Buying this property was a great experience as well as an profitable investment. The Directors Mr. Sandeep and Swapnil is very coperative & helpful in nature S.K. Gupta It's not only good but extraordinary in all the ways.i have seen their farmland it have all the qualities which can fullfill our requirements .it like a hill station because it is located among mountains Anshul Awasthi Best Plan for investing in land, landmark developers made easy to invest and get high return on farmland Anjali verma Contact us For any query or farmland site visit Send Message Office Address Chamber No. 3,4 & 5 1st Floor, Bhasin Arcade, Main Road, Near Katanga Crossing, Gorakhpur - Jabalpur-482001 +91 8234084421, +91 8815098820 contact@yoursite.com MENU News & Blog Our Projects Help & Support About Us SOCIAL Instagram Facebook-f Twitter Linkedin-in Dribbble Copyright-Doaguru IT Solution WhatsApp us