The Light Givers Humanitarian Foundation Skip to content Primary Menu Home About us Our Services Awards and Achievements Blog Contact Donate Now Donate Now Archives June 2023 April 2023 December 2022 December 2019 September 2019 May 2019 February 2019 Categories Charity Donation News Uncategorized Meta Register Log in Entries feed Comments feed WordPress.org Archives June 2023 April 2023 December 2022 December 2019 September 2019 May 2019 February 2019 Categories Charity Donation News Uncategorized donate to contribute let's build the better world together We can't do all the good the world needs, but we can start a cycle that will trickle down to places and people we never thought possible. We invite you to take this bold step with us as we engage our passion to help the less privileged and shine the light on the paths of those in dire needs. Donate fund Volunteer contribute to education Your small help can make a difference No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.” Light in itself can not only brighten our paths but can brighten the lives of others. You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you. Little drops can certainly cause significant changes. Partner with us today. Click the donate button. Donate fund Volunteer contribute to education Your small help can make a difference They say little drops can cause a pool of water. Your contributions we help us do a lot of good in the suburbs and in the cities where people in need are. We believe that touching one life at a time will yield a compounding result in time. We will be expecting your generous donations. Donate fund Volunteer 0 + volunteers 0 + sponsers 0 branches 0 + awards about us Our humanitarian actions are love inspired and motivated. The Light Givers humanitarian foundation was established in 2019 is a non- governmental organization focused on, building a global humanitarian community of light givers with a passion to touching lives and having great impact in their local communities. Where every volunteering member, participate in a united humanitarian action individually or in groups. Our humanitarian actions are love inspired and motivated. We strongly believe love is the light we give to extinguish the darkness of social economic challenges. Our Voluntary Donations and voluntary participation contribute to the sustainable development goals of the United Nations on community development; through poverty alleviation, youth mentoring, entrepreneurship, skill acquisition, skill/talent development, education, food security, health and social infrastructure projects. We are the Light in a global humanitarian community touching lives and making great impact in our local communities, building a world filled with love and light. Our Vision learn more about us We invest in humanitarian programs and projects that engage, empower and develop people and communities.. Donate Our Successful Achievements We've done and anchored a lot of charity projects since our foundation was initiated and touch so many lives positively which goes in line with the vision goals of this foundation, these projects are listed below Official Commissioning of a Widow’s two Bedrooms Bungalow built and donated by The Light Givers Humanitarian Foundation View Acheievement Women Empowerment Initiative on Agriculture View Acheievement Scholarships To Children In Malumfashi Katsina View Acheievement Health Intervention Program – Miss Christina Ukamaka Operation View Acheievement view all VOLUNTEER Fundraising For The People And Causes You Care About If you have passion to help the less privileged then this is a nobel cause to put your funds into. play short video insights and update Our recent blog and news view all blog Uncategorized Official Commissioning Of A Widow’s Three Bedrooms Bungalow Built And Donated By The Light Givers Humanitarian Philanthropy Prevails Amidst Tears, As Ezeudo Donates House, Promises Scholarship On a… Uncategorized Women Empowerment Initiative on Agriculture The Chairman and the Founder of The Light Givers Humanitarian Foundation High… Uncategorized Official Commissioning of a Widow’s Two Bedrooms Bungalow Built and Donated By The Light Givers Humanitarian Foundation The Light Givers Humanitarian Foundation officially commissioned a two bedrooms bungalow built… News Health Intervention Program – Miss Christina Ukamaka Operation OPERATION ON MRS CHRISTINA UKAMAKA Miss. Christina Ukamaka Ekebuso an indigene of… About Light Givers The Light Givers humanitarian foundation was established in 2019 is a non- governmental organization focused on, building a global humanitarian community of light givers with a passion to touching lives and having great impact in their local communities. Where every volunteering member, participate in a united humanitarian action individually or in groups … Read More Contact Info The Light Givers HQ Plot 1052, 13th Road, 6th Avenue Festac Town, Lagos, Nigeria CONTACT US contact@thelightgivers.org BECOME VOLUNTEER volunteer@thelightgivers.org CategoriesCharity (2) Donation (2) News (5) Uncategorized (4) Copyright © 2024 The Light Givers Humanitarian Foundation. Designed by Orion International