SCI Recovery Project: SCI Recovery Project Denver Colorado 2015 SCI Recovery Project Exercise & Integrative Recovery Center Home Programs Media About Us Get Involved Contact Donate Apply Learn About Our Services If you are ready to take your recovery to new heights then you need to check out our programs. Our exercise specialists will tailor a program to fit your individual goals and maximize your results. The First Step Toward Recovery Is Believing Thanks For Your Continued Support As you may know the SCI Recovery Project recently held our 2nd annual Rounds for Recovery Golf Tournament at Arrowhead Golf Club. We had great success and a great time with all who attended. Read More Client Information read more Are you ready to push your recovery to new heights? Get program details and the application to start the process. We look forward to helping you reach your health, wellness and recovery goals. Our Programs read more We understand each injury and individual is different, which is why we provide and administer a custom program to help clients maintain health and wellness while providing optimal functional return. Testimonials read more See what our clients and interns have to say about our program. We hope to hear what you think soon! Get Involved read more Learn how you can help support spinal cord injury recovery and have a direct impact on the lives of our clients. Information on our internship program and volunteer opportunities. Community Testimonials What our community of clients & supporters are saying about our program My independence has drastically improved as I can now feed myself, turn on and off light switches, and now have the possibility of driving a vehicle with hand controls, none of which would have been possible without the unique programs set forth by the staff at SCI Recovery Project. I am now using a manual chair instead my power chair. More importantly my mental recovery and sense of belonging and family has been restored. Les Borsheim Client ‘‘ I like everyone at SCI, they're real awesome. They allow me to forget about my problems for that hour or 2 that I'm there. They really make your day. Karina Vargas Client ‘‘ SCI Recovery Project has done a lot for me, not just exercising in the gym, but being a great person outside the gym as well. I consider SCI Recovery Project as my second family and firm believers in what I do. John Morris Client ‘‘ ^ Top Contact Information Phone: (303) 286-0918 Email: Address: 866 East 78th Ave Denver, CO 80229 About Our Programs Meet Our Staff Our History Get Involved Client Application Donate / Fundraising Sponsors Community Partners Information Client Documents Frequently Asked Questions Funding Resources Community Resources Your Name Your Email Address Submitting Form... The server encountered an error. Form received. enter your message here... Our Mission In order to inspire hope, independence, and recovery, the SCI Recovery Project strives to optimize the level of physical and emotional wellness for those impacted by spinal cord injury through progressive, evidence-based adaptive exercise techniques, alternative health and wellness programs, and the cultivation of creative community partnerships. Social Media Donate Online Todaycoloradogives.org