SEVA BHARAT TRUST sevabharattrust@gmail.com +91 98452 06766 Menu Home About Us Initiatives Gallery Contact Us SBT GOVT Telugu High School Complex Viveknagar, Bengaluru Govt. School Old Building @ Rapur Andhra pradesh Govt. School New Building @ Rapur Andhra pradesh One of the Govt. Schools old building @ Vivek Nagar Govt. Telugu High School new complex @ Vivek Nagar ABOUT US "The future of Our Nation lies with in the class rooms." - Dr. S. Radhakrishnan Seva Bharat Trust has come in to existence out of the desire of the promoters to form a trust for promoting education in rural and urban areas for the betterment of the society particularly, socially , economically disadvantaged people; through partnership with Government. The Trust intends to facilitate meritorious students to pursue higher Technical, Medical, Engineering education from poor section of the society in both Rural and Urban areas. Where as in furtherance of its objectives the Trust aspires to set up Schools, Vocational Training Centres,hostels and Higher Education Institutions for the needy and deserving students. Know More VISION Seva Bharat Trust is a Non-Profit organization founded by Sri. Bandi Adinarayana Reddy, operating since 2004. The Trust facilitates for socio-economic development. Read More GUIDING OBJECTIVES Seva Bharat Trust has come in to existence out of the desire of the promoters to form a trust for promoting education in rural and urban areas; Read More APPROACH Seva Bharat Trust believes that working in partnership with the existing system would result with sustainable change and facilitate to improve performance in public system. Read More Inauguration of school Building by the then C.M of A.P Dr.Y.S.Rajashekara Reddy INITIATIVES Educational Programmes Since it's inception, Seva Bharat Trust has successfully under taken several activities and programmes... Read More Promoting Education Seva Bharat Trust, on request of the School Betterment Committee and the BEO of Bangalore... Read More Health Programmes The Trust organizes free medical camps frequently in collaboration with other NGOs... Read More OUR WORK Teacher's day Celebration View More Prize Distribution by HUDCO Competition conducted on anti-corruption View More Inauguration of SBT Govt Primary Schools @ Vivek Nagar View More Inauguration of High School Complex, Vivek Nagar View More Government School Buildings Constructed by SBT at free of cost View More Distribution of Notebooks, School Bags, Uniforms, Pens Etc View More Conducting Tours View More Celebration of National Festivals View More Distribution of Books, Bags, Dress & Etc @ Rapur A.P. View More Donation of vehicles to the ISKCON for supply of Midday meals to Schools View More S.R.Sankaran Grama chaithanya Kendra constracted, monthly free medical Checkups View More Robo Junior Cup View More Swatcha bharat activities & plantation View More Seva Bharat Trust View More Regd.Off: T-1, Bharath Residency, #10 MM Gardens, Koramangala 6th Block, Near 80 Ft Rd, Bangalore - 560 095 4212 4343 +91 98452 06766 sevabharattrust@gmail.com Useful Links Home About Us Initiatives Gallery Contact Us Reach Us 2019 Designed and Maintained by Webomindapps Scroll