Business lawyer UK | Business Solicitor UK | Commercial Property Lawyer Home Commercial Contract Commercial Property Business Advice Intellectual Property Contact us Select Page UK Business Lawyers in LondonFor All Your Legal Advice Call : 0845 230 9540 Call : 0151 650 6480 Free 10 Mins Consultation UK Business Law Whether you are a start-up, a small business, or a big company, we provide first-rate business law services to help with every aspect of running a business without hassles. Hiring an experienced business attorney who can offer you legal advice, guidance, and support is one of the critical decisions you must make to grow your business. From the formation of a business to contract negotiation and drafting, and everything in between, we can help you. We will support you and provide advice on legal liabilities, commercial laws and codes, and all related business legal issues. Let us handle all your legal-related activities while you focus on the core of your business, building, and promoting your brand. Contact us to support you in all legal issues relating to your business before conflicts or issuers arise. We will guide you through business-to-business relations with care and clarity to protect your business from growth risks. Whatever your business law needs, we will use our experience and knowledge to assist you. The scope of our business law services include: Contact [forminator_form id="305"] Commercial Contracts and Documents Letter of intent License Agreement Settlement Agreement Purchase Agreement Indemnity Agreement Subscription Agreement Operating Agreement Private Placement Memorandum Service Agreement Non Disclosure Agreements Covenant Not to Sue Security Agreement Guarantee Agreement Partnership Agreement Stock Purchase Agreement Joint Venture Agreement Franchise Agreement Settlement and Release Assignment of contract Loan Agreement etc. Sales-related Contracts Sales Agreement for Goods and Services Licensing Agreement Security Agreement Limited Warranty Warranty Agreements. Employment-related Contracts Non Disclosure Agreement Consulting Agreement Confidentiality Agreement Employment Agreement Distributor Agreement Partner Non-compete Agreement Employment Separation Agreement Independent Contractor Agreement Sales Commission Agreement Leases Commercial Lease Equipment Lease UK Address 7 Bell Yard, London, WC2A 2JR Contact Phone – 0845 230 9540 / 0151 650 6480 Email: [email protected] Follow us FollowFollowFollow Copyright 2021 Legalface . All Rights Reserved.