Bowman Management & Accounting Services Home Services About Planning Contact Bowman Management & Accounting Services Accounting & Financial Reporting Tax Consulting Self Managed Superannuation Funds Business Advisory Services Software Support Financial Planning Accounting & Financial Reporting What you need to know All businesses, large and small, have various compliance and financial matters to deal with. They range from tax compliance, financial reporting, statutory compliance, business risk and other business related matters as well as the services shown above. How we can help Our firm can assist you with all your accounting and financial reporting. We seek to understand your business and how it operates. Our job is to assist you with preparing the reports and other compliance matters relating to your business and giving you the assurance that the work is done in a professional manner. It’s all about understanding your needs and responding to those needs. That means continuous communication and working in a collaborative working relationship so that we can help with the growth of your business. Self-Managed Superannuation Funds Self-Managed Superannuation Funds is a specialist area and involves a lot of compliance and expertise to understand how they operate. SMSFs can be an excellent vehicle for wealth creation. We have experienced staff that assist with the preparation of super fund financial reports and taxation returns. How Can We Help? Find Out More... Business Advisory Services All businesses in their business life cycle will have to deal with the matters shown above. These include business planning, financing requirements, succession planning, estate planning, restructuring and taxation strategies. Our firm has a wealth of experience in relation to assisting your business in all facets of its life cycle. Whether it’s selling the business or growing the business, we can provide the services and resources to accommodate your business needs. How Can We Help? Find Out More... Software Support What you need to know All businesses in one form or another use different programs to report their financial information for their BAS returns, tax returns, bank finance and management reports. There are many software and accounting programs available in the market. How we can help Our firm specialises in several different accounting software packages that we can assist you with. The major ones are MYOB, Xero, and Cash Flow Manager. Our team has the experience to assist your business with setting up the appropriate software program for your financial reporting needs. With our help you can be assured that the accounting program we set up for you will meet your needs and expectations. It’s all about understanding what accounting program your business needs and making it happen. Financial Planning Astute Wealth Planning is a South Australian boutique Financial Planning practice and holder of their own Australian Financial Services Licence. It is 100% privately owned which enables its advisers to recommend financial products best suited to meeting their clients financial needs and objectives. Claudio Di Giovanni, who is a Senior Financial Adviser, will be the representative looking to assist with your financial matters. Claudio’s commitment is to understand a client’s financial affairs and provide valuable advice on strategies that will assist a client in accumulating wealth, protecting wealth and planning for and during retirement. How Can We Help? Find Out More... Tax Consulting Tax is a complex area and involves a lot of knowledge of the law as it changes constantly. We need to keep up with the changes and communicate them with our clients. Our firm provides tax compliance services ranging from tax advice, tax compliance, tax planning, tax return lodgements and specialist tax advice services. Our partners have over 60 years of tax experience between them and have a sound knowledge of the tax system. Our team of accountants are well experienced in tax and financial return preparation and provide an excellent service to all our clients. How Can We Help? Find Out More... – Bowman Management & Accounting Services – Level 2, 422 King William Street, Adelaide SA 5000 Postal: PO Box 6219, Halifax Street, Adelaide SA 5000 Phone: (08) 8233 4200 – Fax: (08) 8231 6331 – Email: admin@bmas.com.au © 2019 Designed by Instinct Global Pty Ltd. - Bowman Management & Accounting Services - 422 King William Street, Adelaide, SA 5000 Australia Phone: 08 1234 5678 - Fax: 08 1234 5678 - Email: office@bmas.com.au © 2019 Designed by Instinct Global Pty Ltd.