Accueil - iptv smarters pro HOME FREE TEST FAQs X IPTV SMARTERS PRO ALL IPTV CHANNELS Enjoy exceptional image quality of up to 4K, on all your devices, anywhere in the world. Systems supported by our application Live score Subscription request Free Test 24H Football score in live matches Here is a complete list of devices supported by iptvsmarters pro APPAREILS ANDROÏDESAvailable on Google Play Store WINDOWS 11Download the app on Windows 11 FIRE TV AMAZON Works with Fire TV Voice Remote iptv smarters pro Enjoy unlimited streaming from iptvsmarter.pro iptv smarters pro Documentaries and sports films iptv smarters pro With all sporting events and premium PPV iptv smarters pro Watch unlimited sports and sports movies wherever you are. No monthly bill to watch football No knowledge required for installation Technical support at your disposal 7 days a week Content updated regularly Carefully Organized EPG and Bouquets Compatible with all your devices Satisfied or refunded PACK FREE TRIAL 0 € 24 H HD/FHD/4K/8K IPTV Chaînes Live & Sportives Films Documentaires sportifs Chaînes PPV (UFC, NBA, NFL ...) Marche sur tous les équipements TV Guide (EPG) Mise à jour régulières Support Technique 7j/7 30 Jours Garantie De Remboursement. Windows 11/Android/Amazon fire/Smart tv tv Subscription request Choose your plan Enjoy exceptional image quality of up to 4K, on all your devices, anywhere in the world.Watch today’s matches broadcast live without interruption and in high quality. Watch online via iptvsmarter.proWith our iptvsmarters pro service, watch all your favorite channels from around the world on the most stable servers in 4K, Full HD, HD and SD quality compatible with all devices.live match gives you access to all your favorite programs via subscriptions on four different IPTV servers. The channel catalog and VODs offered by iptvsmarter.pro are suitable for all types of interests. Sports, news, live scores, movies, PPV shows… all in one account. Voici une liste complète des appareils pris en charge par match en direct iptv smarters pro Access TV channels from all countries Access a huge range of TV channels spanning the globe including France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Germany, UK, USA, Canada, Spain, Portugal , Poland, Italy, the Netherlands, the countries of the former Yugoslavia, India, the Arab countries, Turkey, and many others. iptv smarters pro Haute qualité HEVC/HD/FHD/4K/8K Immerse yourself in a high-quality viewing experience with definitions ranging from standard (SD), HEVC, HD, Full HD, 4K to 8K. We offer a 7-day money back guarantee if you are not satisfied with our IPTV service 0 + Satisfied customers 0 K+ Global channels 0 K+ Films & Series Choose Your Plan BASIC PACKAGE 14 € Subscription 12 Month HD/FHD/4K/8K IPTV Chaînes Live & Sportives Films Documentaires sportifs Chaînes PPV (UFC, NBA, NFL ...) Marche sur tous les équipements TV Guide (EPG) Mise à jour régulières Support Technique 7j/7 30 Jours Garantie De Remboursement. Windows 11/Android/Amazon fire/Smart tv tv Subscription request STANDARD PACKAGE 24 € Subscription 12 Month HD/FHD/4K/8K IPTV Chaînes Live & Sportives Films Documentaires sportifs Chaînes PPV (UFC, NBA, NFL ...) Marche sur tous les équipements TV Guide (EPG) Mise à jour régulières Support Technique 7j/7 30 Jours Garantie De Remboursement. Windows 11/Android/Amazon fire/Smart tv tv Subscription request PREMIUM PACKAGE 39 € Subscription 12 Month HD/FHD/4K/8K IPTV Chaînes Live & Sportives Films Documentaires sportifs Chaînes PPV (UFC, NBA, NFL ...) Marche sur tous les équipements TV Guide (EPG) Mise à jour régulières Support Technique 7j/7 30 Jours Garantie De Remboursement. Windows 11/Android/Amazon fire/Smart tv tv Subscription request How it works ? 1. COMMANDER You will receive your identifiers by email in 45 minutes maximum. 2. INSTALLER Install the Stream IPTV Player or IPTV Smarters or Tivimate application and enter your credentials. 3. REGARDER Start watching thousands of unlimited VOD+ TV, Movies and Series channels. Feedback from our customers Why choose us? SATISFIED OR REFUNDED Your peace of mind, guaranteed. If you are not satisfied, we will refund you. INSTALLATION Once you order, your links and IDs will be sent to your email. ALL SUPPORTED DEVICES Here at us, we want to make sure we cover all your favorite devices. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) What is a live match? iptv smarters pro Today, in the age of technology, one can see several methods through which television content can be delivered. One of the best systems that is experiencing considerable impact is live match. As the name suggests, live match, known as Internet Protocol Television, is created through the use of Internet protocol and it is possible to use this service in synchronization with telecommunications where wide connections tape are used extensively. Any service that carries data in packets can be used. Is the transaction secure? Your order is completely secure, with the protection of PayPal. Google Pay. Amazon Pay Do you offer refunds? During the first 30 days, if you are not completely satisfied, simply send us an email and the refund will be processed instantly. How does it work after paying for my live match subscription? You will receive your login credentials within 45 minutes of payment. All you have to do is activate the subscription from the application or via our website, enter your email to verify it. If you have not received your credentials, please contact us. My 1 month subscription has ended, how should I renew it? The subscription is renewed manually on our site iptvsmarter.pro Is it possible to pay for a France iptvsmarter.pro for someone else? Of course, you can do this at any time. All you need to do is enter your email address. Once you receive the codes, you can transfer them. The catalog of global and European channels in iptvsmarter.pro Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Refund Policy Terms of use FAQs Secure payments iptvsmarter.pro 2024 © Tous droits Reserve Open chat Powered by Joinchat Hello 👋Can we help you?