Yunkai ● Sports App (KaiYun) (China) official website-iOS/Android General Edition/Mobile App Download ☻ Navigation Menu HomeRelated Technical Services News Information Company News Industry News Technology News Enterprise Album Message Reporting Contact Us our brand strength Beijing Ai Weixin Biology Collection Beijing's top scientific research strength has established a perfect technology service system to focus on cell biology related technical services, organ model -related technologiesServices and molecular biology -related testing technical services and sequencing related testing ... Since the ten years since the establishment of the company, more than a thousand users of Beijing and domestic and foreign countries have been actively praised by everyone in the industry!Product display Product cell biology related technical service -related technical service -related technical service molecular biology related technical service pathogenesis related technical service cell culture cell culture technology is a technology widely used in life science, biomedicine, agriculture and other fields.The principle is to place the separated cells in a diner with appropriate cultures ... The construction technical services that stabilize the establishment of a stable cell system mainly include the two types of genetic expression and gene KNOCK DOWN.The construction of the genetic stabilization cell system requires the teacher to provide the teacher with the destination gene ..... The gene editing technical service of the cell gene editing cells is a technology that precisely modify the organism of the organism. This technology can be used to correct the harmfulnessGenetic mutations, or increase the adaptability of the organism.There are many potential applications of gene editing technology .......... Streaming cell analysis experimental cytosoplastic analysis experimental technical services are a technology widely used in biomedical research.Sorting ......... The establishment of a brain -like model and related technical service brain organs model is a model that simulates the tissue structure and functions of the in vitro. It usually uses humans to induce multi -energy stem cells (IPSC) or nerve stem cells.(NSC) as starting cells.Through the establishment of these cells in specific cultivation ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... have the establishment of retinal organs and related technical service retinal organs. The establishment and functional verification of retinal organs are a complex process, involving the following steps: 1. Cell sources and culture: Usually, the retinal nerve cells or ancestral cells of human stem cell sources are used to cultivate ......... About us Beijing Ai Weixi Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Beijing Ai Weizhen Biology Collection Beijing's top scientific research strength has established a complete technology service system, Including cell biology related technical services, technical services related to organ model models, as well as molecular biology related testing technical services and sequencing related testing and analysis technical services.Learn more about the news News News partner PARTNERS Homepage Mobile Category Top Copyright 2023 Beijing Ai Weiyi Biotechnology Co., Ltd. ALL RIGHT Reserved website Map Beijing Ai Weiyi Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Contact: Ms. Hu: 18701077718 Email: Service_AIWGENE@126.COM address: 3 111 product center cell biology related technical service -related technical service -related technical service staining related technical service news center company news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industry news industryIntroduction contact us to leave a message to feedback the QR code of the mobile phone to close the mobile phone to scan the QR code to close the friendship link Weboss tonv phpweb