Middle East Journal of Applied Science & Technology - MEJAST Toggle navigation Home Author Instructions Editorial Board Indexing Submission Current Issue Archive Contact UsContact Subscription Middle East Journal of Applied Science & Technology Submit Now Contact Us Index Copernicus ICV: 80.40 ISSN: 2582-0974 IF: 6.000 Peer Reviewed DOI Prefix: 10.46431 Multidisciplinary Engineering, Architecture & Technology Submit Now Contact Us Related Research Electromagnetics, Data Communication & Wireless Technology Submit Now Contact Us Related Research Arts, Science, Humanities & Management Submit Now Contact Us Related Research Aeronautical Engineering & Aerospace Technology Submit Now Contact Us Related Research Computing, Mathematics, Education & Library Science Submit Now Contact Us Related Research Previous Next Aims and Scope Middle East Journal of Applied Science & Technology (MEJAST) is the dominant journal for publishing innovative research ideas in arts, science, medicine, law, engineering and technology domains with relevant applications. MEJAST welcomes full papers, communications, technical notes, critical and tutorial review articles, editorials, and comments, in addition to the literature reviews that are prepared by an expert panel. This includes, but is not restricted to, the most recent progress, developments and achievements in all the below mentioned domains. Submissions are welcome in the following areas, but note this list reflects the current scope and authors are strongly encouraged to contact the editorial team if they believe that their work offers potentially new and emerging research relevant to the journal scope and coverage & not strictly limited within: Aerodynamics, Automation Systems, Biology, Biomedical Engineering, Botany, Chemistry, Communication Systems, Computer Science, Conventional Energy, Data Communication, Dentistry, Economics, Education, Electromagnetics, Embedded Systems, Engineering Domains, Finance, Food & Nutrition, Geology, Green Computing, Grid Computing, High Speed Networks, Image Processing, Management, Mathematics, Mechanics, Meteorology, Microbiology, Mobile Computing, Nano Robotics, Nursing, Operating Systems, Optical Communication, Physics, Physiotheraphy, Political Science, Power Systems, Psychology, Red Taction, Sensor Networks, Sociology, Sensor Networks, Thermodynamics, Veterinary Medicine, Video Signal Processing, VLSI Design, Wireless Communication. Vision and Mission Mission: MEJAST is dedicated in making authentic knowledge contributions to research and technical communities worldwide. We are proud to be engines of these communities by contributing our painstaking efforts to their advancements in these fields. By delivering world-class trustworthy information and innovative discoveries to researchers, educators and practitioners around the globe, we help them to become more productive in their work and successful in their career. When information is to be displayed worldwide, searching for quality information is a big challenge. That is why MEJAST partners (by making them Fellows) with leading experts, and publishes the most trustworthy and innovative information here, so that scientists and professionals can make critical decisions with advance scientific discoveries. MEJAST uses various user-friendly modern technologies to broadcast and multi-cast world-class information with a view to ensure it reaches to each and every one of global community of scientists, doctors, researchers, educators and decision-makers without any barriers or boundaries for optimum utilization of valuable explorations in various research fields. Vision: We strive to utilize our best available resources and efforts to improve quality of our authors constantly. We partner with professionals in research and technical communities to understand and ascertain how they work and what they need, so that we can develop techniques and produce research which help them to be more effective. We distribute information and contribute to a common goal of advancing research and share the benefits such as progress, prosperity and potential for incremental growth which that brings for entire research society, in a long-term manner. Abstracting & Indexing Crossref Google Scholar Dimensions Middle East Journal of Applied Science & Technology publishes only cutting-edge articles and is currently being indexed in Google, Google Scholar, Open Ukrainian Citation Index, Crossref, Slideshare, Academia, Researchgate, Semantic Scholar, Scribd, Issuu, Worldcat, etc. Plagiarism The primary step by our quality maintenance team before starting the review process. View More Open Access Freely available on online upon publication without any Limitations. View More Peer Review Maintaining the high standards of peer review while enhancing the quality of the review process. View More Submission Submit your manuscript through our online submission portal. Submit Now Volume 7 Issue 1 January-March 2024 Recent Articles Research Article Further Discussion on SML and LD (Land Development) in Thailand and Vietnam Agriculture with Productivity Recommendations Pham Anh Dung, PhD, Dinh Tran Ngoc Huy, Le Ngoc Nuong, PhD, Nguyen Thu Thuy, PhD & Dinh Tran Ngoc Hien, BSc Page No. 01-07 Abstract: Recently, Interest and intention for farming of farmers are the key factors of adoption SLM practices. On the other hand, economic, environmental and social factors have been changed farmers’ livelihood and the way they farm by generating 3 main characteristics of farm structure and farm management practices as mentioned above. These findings lead to a number of policy recommendations for increasing SLMs adoption rate of the region and/or the country. We highlight the essence of the effectiveness of agricultural extension system as a fundamental base of SLMs implementation. And LDD is the principal key agency to conserve and rehabilitate land resource. Besides that, the agricultural sector needs restructuring, in response to the changing in farm structure and management practices. This needs policies to increase the agricultural labor force and increasing efficiency of SLMs practices, and developing standard SLM practices model of consult and farmer’s model is required for being a model of learning for many farmers. DOI: https://doi.org/10.46431/MEJAST.2024.7101 Review Article Operating Theatre Personnel and Their Roles in Patient Safety Mr. Mudasir Mohi ud din & Ms. Piyush Yadav Page No. 08-12 Abstract: This study examines the roles of various operating theatre personnel in patient safety, focusing on surgeons, operating room nurses, paramedical staff, teamwork and communication, and patient safety culture. The study highlights the importance of effective teamwork, communication, and a strong patient safety culture in ensuring the best possible surgical outcomes and preventing adverse events. The study also explores the use of technology, such as non-invasive monitoring platforms, to improve patient safety in the operating theatre. DOI: https://doi.org/10.46431/MEJAST.2024.7102 Read more Editorial Board Prof. Dr. Idress Hamad Attitalla Faculty of Medical Technology (Dean), Omar Al-Mukhtar University, Libya. E-mail: editormejast@gmail.com Dr. Parichat Phumkhachorn Faculty of Science, Ubon Ratchathani University, Thailand. E-mail: scpariph@gmail.com Dr. Stefano Farne' Department of EC & BE, University of Pavia, Italy. E-mail: stefano.farne@unipv.it Dr. Ayman Elshenawy Elsefy Systems and Computers Engg. Department, AL Azhar University, Egypt. E-mail: eaymanelshenawy@azhar.edu.eg Prof. Dr. Tamaz CHELIDZE Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University, Georgia. E-mail: tamaz.chelidze@gmail.com Dr. M.V. Raghavendra Rao Apollo Institute of Medical Sciences Education and Research, HYD, India. E-mail: reachdrmvrrao@gmail.com Dr. Kausalyah Venkatason College of Engineering, Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia. E-mail: kausalyah@uitm.edu.my Dr. Narushan Pillay University of KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South Africa. E-mail: pillayn@ukzn.ac.za Dr. Abba P. Obouayeba Jean Lorougnon Guédé University (Daloa, Côte d’Ivoire), Haut-Sassandra, Ivory Coast. E-mail: obouapac@gmail.com Dr. Philippe E. Mounmbegna Professor of Biochemistry, Madonna University, Rivers State, Nigeria. E-mail: mphilippe@madonnauniversity.edu.ng Dr. Anil Lamba Practice Head–Cyber Security, EXL Service Inc., NJ, USA. E-mail: dranillamba@outlook.com Dr. Kamal Shayegh Department of Foreign languages, Bilim Evi Organizing Ltd., Ankara, Turkey. E-mail: kamalshayegh@yahoo.com Dr. Peter Ogbuna Offor Metallurgical & Materials Engg. Department, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, Nigeria. E-mail: peter.offor@unn.edu.ng Dr. Amando P. Singun, Jr. Department of Information Technology, Higher College of Tech., Muscat, Sult. of Oman. E-mail: Amando-Singun@hct.edu.om Dr. S. Karpagaselvi School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Ethiopian Inst. of Tech. - Mekelle, Ethiopia. E-mail: karpaga.selvi@mu.edu.et ABOUT US Middle East Journal of Applied Science & Technologyis a Double Peer-Reviewed, Open Access International Journal that publishes original research articles as well as review articles in all areas of Arts, Science, Medicine, Law, Engineering and Technology associated with advancements in all multidisciplinary domains. QUICK LINKS Home Author Instructions Editorial Board Indexing Submission Current Issue Archive Contact Us Visitor Count ADDRESS Chief Editor MEJAST Journal, (A Peer Reviewed Journal), India. editormejast@gmail.com Copyright © MEJAST 2018-2021 (All rights reserved). Powered By Inway ×Close