Icolux Iconic & Luxuries Home Who We Are Collection Glossy Series Endless Series Mirror Series 3D Series Matt Series Wooden Series Wallpaper Series Carving Series High Glossy Series Luxurious Series Global Presence Download Utilities Packing Details Technical Details Tiles Calculator Contact Where Ceramic Meets Luxury Iconic Art of Ceramic We create luxurious spaces designed to be lived in Icolux is one of the most popular brands creating luxury innovations in ceramic hub Morbi, India. Iconic cutting-edge architectural surfaces with advanced technological characteristics. It is used in buildings, places, and houses all throughout the world. Icolux continue to create new technologies, do research, and adapt. We aim to keep motivating people and create bright, vibrant settings that can be fully appreciated.We seek to develop and inhabit sustainable structures and spaces in future cities. We aim to collaborate responsibly with society in order to create a future that we can all be proud of.. Explore More 505 Product Range 300 Contact Network 10 Finishes 360° Experience Immerse Yourself: Explore Our Spaces Through 360° Interior Views for a Complete Experience. Explore More Icolux World Our world is made up of unique ceramic solutions for all spaces. But not only. Icolux is made up of people and eco-sustainability, innovation and events that leave their mark on its history. We want to share them with you. Icolux Craftsmanship Icolux Technology Icolux Architectural 600 x 1200 MM 600x1200mm collection has the power to delight and inspire, it can enhance everyday experiences with different prospective Explore More Finishes Glossy Series Endless Series Mirror Series 3D Series Matt Series Wooden Series Wallpaper Series Carving Series High Glossy Series Luxurious Series 01 01 Why Choose Icolux Produced in India We are an Indian corporation by soul, but a global one in name & body, because we have adopted global practices across industries. Social Commitments We are motivated to contributing to the society in which we live. Whether it's creating jobs or protecting the environment. Morality in Business Our staunch belief in putting ideals ahead of profits has aided us in achieving such a high level of success in such a short time. Our Export Area & Global Presents The company is driving its exports growth constantly and expanding its reach to different territories across the continents.With focus on the entire world as strategic growth markets, Icolux is looking forward to enter into new geographical areas to increase its exports. Explore More Applications Office Bathroom Outdoor Kitchen Home About Export Download Tiles Calculator Technical Details Contact Icolux is one of the most popular brands creating luxury innovations in ceramic hub Morbi, India. Iconic cutting-edge architectural surfaces with advanced technological characteristics. It is used in buildings, places, and houses all throughout the world. Reach Us Survey No.161-P1, Bela - Bharat Nagar Road, Opp Khokhara Hanuman Temple, Morbi 363642, (Guj) INDIA. +91 96873 54000 +91 96873 55000 International Market Number +91 96873 58000 [email protected] Collections Glossy Series Endless Series Mirror Series 3D Series Matt Series Wooden Series Wallpaper Series Carving Series High Glossy Series Luxurious Series Developed & Managed By AsquareX India