Home |Mazda Bulgaria Search This website uses cookies to give you the best possible user experience when browsing and help us continue to expand our services.By clicking on "I accept", you accept the use of cookies.For detailed information on the use of cookies on our website and for complete or partial deactivation of cookies, please click "Cookies Management".Required (recommended) presentation and analysis experience and functionality Marketing and targeting Privacy Policy Publisher Accepts all receptions only Selected cookies more about cookies configuer test drive brochures Find a car offersBrochures Select a car car offers current offers I have Mazda Support Guarantee Assistant Navigation Connection Videos and Manuals My Mazda Campaigns Why Mazda Design Technologies SkyActiv-X concept cars inheritance News for MAZDA Usage8000lv Eco Bonus for Available Mazda CX-5 Mild Hybrid Model 2023 6 years or 150,000km Full Mazda Factory Warranty ... Request Test Driving ... ... request a test driving ... ... special offer ...... special offer ... ... price list ... ... price list ... 8000lv with VAT eco bonus for available cars Mazda CX-60, 327 ks Plug-in Hybrid We raised our standards, you canMake you 6 years or 150km factory guarantee Mazda ... Learn more ... ... Learn more ... ... price list 3.3 diesel ... ... price list 3.3 diesel ... ... ... ...Price Petrol 327hp Plug in Hybrid ... ... price list of gasoline 327x plug in hybrid ... Mazda MX30 model 2023 - fully electric 16 000 BGN with VAT eco bonus for limited quantity cars in stock ... See special offer ... ... see the special offer ... ... request a test driving ... ... request a test driving ... 8000lv with VAT holiday bonus for available cars 20 years Mazda6 6 years or 150 000km factory guarantee MAZDA ...Check out the special offer ... ... See the special offer ... ... price list ... ... price list ... ... request a test driving ... ... request a test drive ... 4000lvWith VAT Eco Car Bonus in stock CX 30 6 years or 150,000km Mazda factory warranty ... See more ... ... see more ... ... request a test drive ... ... request a test drive... 4000lv with VAT eco bonus for cars in stock Mazda 3 6 years or 150 000km factory warranty Mazda ... request a test driving ... ... request a test driving ... even more first, comfortable, fast, and economicalMazda2 model 2023 6 years or 150,000km Mazda factory warranty ... Look more ...Our cars are more than moving point A to point B. They are created for the pleasure of driving.Find out what Mazda means and what makes us unique.6 years guarantee for a new Mazda car in Mazda quality is a responsibility and commitment we fulfill.That is why we extend our guarantee for a new vehicle up to 6 years.Skyactiv-X View Mazda Revolutionary Mazda Mazda Mazda Special Offers See Our Recent Mazda CX-30 Offers Discover More Create the Perfect Mazda Configure Your Home The High Pleasure The New Moda 2023 Learn MoreMazda owners exclusively for you.Join the My Mazda Community and enjoy the benefits.See Benefits See Benefits 1 Photos are for illustrative purposes and may be different from the equipment you choose.The colors and some characteristics of the interior and exterior display may differ from the actual model.All prices shown are non -binding recommended prices with VAT included (20%).Useful Find Representation Support Trial Driving Learn News Useful to Know FAQ Connection WLTP Follow us Facebook Instagram Select State Rules and Conditions Privacy Policy Press Press Connect with us Publisher Ederlandsnayaustriapolandportugalromaniaswitzerlandsloveniaslovak replictswedenturkeyrussiamontenegro Albania Moldovabosnia and Herzegovine North Maced.