Home Fandemonium '17 Home About Us History Of Fandemonium Contact Us Press Releases Promote! Rules & Guidelines Attending Hotel Registration Travel Event Center Map Hours of Operation Community Idaho Fan Community Links Organizations Sites and Blogs Role-Playing Groups Authors Musicians Cosplayers Retailers Conventions and Events Artists Webcomics Clubs and Groups Events Convention Schedule Run an Event Video Gaming Tournament Submissions Table Top Gaming Contests Costume Contest Plushie Costume Contest Short Story Contest Cosplay Contest Artist Alley Table Decorating Contest Fan Music Video Contest Exhibiting Guests Guest Biographies Guest Policies Want to be a guest? Staffing FANDEMONIUM 2017 April 14-16th 2017 | Wyndham Garden Boise Airport Hotel 3300 S. Vista Ave. Boise, ID 83705 | (208) 343-4900 Idaho's Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Anime, Gaming, Horror, Comics Expo Get Tickets Venue & Hotel Dealers & Artists Looking for a Vendors Space? Our Vendors Hall will be open 6PM (MST) 2/26/27 for reservations. Limited spaces available. Apply today! Submit Request Now! Ready to get Tickets? Get your tickets online to make sure you do not miss out on any of the fun! Register Now! Want to run an event? Fandemonium is for the Fans by the Fans and we're looking for event runners now! Submit Event! Home Featuring a host of amazing new events, guests, and artists, FANDEMONIUM is back for our 13th Year! Our Motto: Fandemonium is made of community driven content and volunteers who are Fans just like YOU. We're focused on moving forward, testing new ideas, and revolutionizing Fan Events in Idaho. But, most of all, we want to provide a fun, safe environment for Fans to learn new things and celebrate what they love: we are "FOR THE FANS, BY THE FANS", and proud of it! Run an Event: If you would like to run an event at Fandemonium, please click on "Create Event" on the right hand side of the page, or click on "Events" in the top menu and read the section titled "Run an Event". Staffing: If you are interested volunteering for Fandemonium Staff, please visit the "Staffing" portion of our website in the top menu. We're training the best convention runners in the Northwest to go out and make great things happen in every fan community! "Fandemonium Presents" Events: If you've been to one of our events and have seen us in the past, we're glad you're here! Check out more of our Fandom Events throughout the year in the "Events" portion of our website in the top menu, or check out the "Upcoming Events" list on the righthand side of our menu to discover information about the next available event we will be hosting. Welcome! We would love to hear your comments: what do you want to see at this years' Fandemonium? Do you have a favorite Fandom you'd like to see us cover at our events? Join us here or on our Facebook page and let us know! Have fun, celebrate what you enjoy, and welcome to Fandemonium! ~Fandemonium Convention Board Upcoming Events There are no up-coming events Get Involved Book your Hotel Stay! Wyndham Garden Boise Airport 3300 S. Vista Ave. Boise, ID 83705 Book Now! Single King or Double Queen Rooms Available at $83.00/night + tax.($83.00 Rate + 13% Tax ($10.79) = $93.70) Sponsors Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under MIT License. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1.