Trailblazing Haulers Message info@trailblazinghaulers.com Home Track Testimonals About Contact Home Track Testimonals About Contact Get Quote Track and Trace Services Over 30+ Years of Best-in-Class Horse Transportation Reliable ServicesNot all horse transportation companies are created equal. Equine Express is family owned and operated for more than three decades. We strive to treat every customer as a friend or neighbor and their horses as we would treat our own. We pride ourselves in offering world-class shipping with a hometown feel and treating our passengers as the most precious cargo – never a number. Door-to-Door When you have one, or maybe just a few, horses to ship, this is our most economical option. We create weekly routes, picking up and delivering multiple horses as we go. This allows you, and all the other customers on that load, to share in the overall cost of the trip. Private Charter EE vans can be privately chartered to ship your horses on a specified date and timeframe, anywhere in the country, with no other horses on board. If your farm is attending a show, or you need to arrive on a specific day, EE charters may be the perfect option for you. Special Shipments A Special Shipment is the same as a private charter with the exception of specified dates. Flexibility in dates allow us to keep rates considerably less than a charter shipment, while still meeting your private horse transportation requirements. Track Moves Trailblazing Haulers regularly accommodates racehorse trainers by shipping to tracks nation-wide. The EE fleet of state-of-the-art air ride tractor-trailer vans allow your race horse(s) to arrive in the best possible condition with the least amount of stress. Coast to Coast Horse Transport Low stress weekly routes for maximum comfortTrailblazing Haulers is fully equipped with large vans and smaller horse trainers (shuttles) to transport to and from barns, layover facilities, tracks, airports, and other long or short-distance locations. All scheduled routes originate from our horse transportation companies home office and main terminal, located North of the Dallas/Ft. Worth area in Pilot Point, Texas. These scheduled routes leave weekly, on the first part of the week. Centrally Located Layover Facility Designed for safety and surrounded by 20+ veterinariansThe Pilot Point layover facility is uniquely designed for horses in transit. Our facility consists of our office, layover barn, and 23 acres of pasture and turnouts. Several employees live on the property. More than 20 equine vets are located in the area and available if their services are required. Horses shipped coast-to-coast lay over for rest, climate acclimation, and observation prior to continuation of the second leg of a trip. Centrally Located Layover Facility The best care in the businessTo achieve the best traveling conditions possible, we stop every 4-5 hours while on the road to check the horses. The drivers will physically get in the back to make sure everyone is handling the trip well. It is at this time that hay nets may be refilled and water buckets offered or topped off. If we noticed that a horse is not drinking as we much as we would like, electrolyte paste is administered and a close eye is kept on its condition. If a problem should occur with a horse, a vet is contacted at once. The owner is notified as soon as the horse is stabilized. Horse Transportation Monitoring Excellence in communicationAll rigs are equipped with the latest GPS system, allowing us in the office to check the instantaneous location of each rig while in route. The Rig Manager and their Co-driver will keep in contact with the shippers and receivers, once they get on the road, to provide updated ETA schedules. You will be given the cell phone number for your drivers and are encouraged to keep in contact with them as much as you would like. Horse Hauling Insurance Fully licensed and insuredTrailblazing Haulers carries physical liability insurance as required by the FHWA and the State of Texas. Horses are shipped under a declared value provision as specified on our Bill of Lading. Equine Express is not responsible for conduct or acts of horses to themselves or each other, nor loss or damage arising from the condition of the animals themselves, or which results from their nature or propensities. Trip insurance, if desired, should be arranged by the customer through his/her insurance agent. We will be glad to recommend an agent. I loved them!! GREAT service, wonderful staff, fantastic communication while my pony was on the road, and 10-star service! I’ve recommended them a bunch and will use them again! Impressive!Randee Beckman Kansas State Equestrian Team – 2010 National Finals – Thanks for shipping our horses to the Nationals, plus bringing our new horse from Virginia. What a relief to know our horses were in good hands. Your drivers were great! Looking forward to next year! Thanks for shipping our horses to the NationalsKansas State Equestrian Team Very impressed with the drivers, considerate and kind enough to make sure we were safely escorted to our truck after meeting them at 11 pm for transferring our horse from their rig to ours. They were true Southern Gentlemen. Very impressed with the driversSally M. Previous Next At Trailblazing Haulers Servicesthe happyness of our clients is our main goal set in as a way to creat swift and fast logistic. info@trailblazinghaulers.com Other Pages Home About Services Team Contact Our Services Air Freight Road Freight Sea Freight Supply Chain WareHouse Work Hours Mon-Sun 09:00-11:00 We provide the best qualities of logistic services, creating a world of good and explisite logistics- gain. Track and Trace