Bakersfield Vending - Bakersfield Vending Services - No Cost To Your Biz Toggle navigation Home About Us Our Products Our Machines Service Area Contact Us get started BAKERSFIELD VENDING SERVICES Now Also Serving Kern, Tulare/Kings, Fresno and Madera Counties. Delivery, Installation & Vending Equipment Provided At No Cost To Your Business. REQUEST FREE VENDING SERVICE Guaranteeing Product Delivery With Our Vend Laser System 50% Of Our Proceeds Are Donated To The SOS Children's Foundation Great Customer Service We don't have a business without our customers, making them our top priority at all times. Just A Phone Call Away We understand that things happen and problems do occur. When you need us the most, count on us to be there ASAP. Huge Product Selections We only offer the latest, trendiest and freshest snacks and drinks available on the market. ...All at no cost to you!! Our SERVICE AREA Soda, Snack, Coffee & Healthy Vending Now Serving All Of Central California Soda, Snack & Healthy Vending Machines For Your Business, Office or Facility in Bakersfield and Surrounding Areas. Delivery, Installation & Vending Equipment Provided At No Cost To Your Business. Bakersfield, CA Visalia, CA Fresno, CA Clovis, CA Selma, CA Delano, CA Kingsburg, CA Porterville, CA Hanford, CA Lemoore, CA Exeter, CA Reedley, CA Modesto, CA Turlock, CA Atwater, CA Merced, CA Madera, CA Get Your Free Vending Service! Type of BusinessOfficeRetailWarehouseSchoolApartmentIndustrialOther Δ No matter the season, Southern California is a popular destination for hikers, bikers and other outdoor enthusiasts. With its beautiful scenery and pleasant temperatures, resorts, shopping centers and business districts continue to crop up left and right. If you’re a business owner in one of these busy areas, why not keep snacks on hand for your team? BMFS Vending now provides delivery, installation and service on a range of machines in Bakersfield and the surrounding area – at no extra cost to you! At BMFS Vending, we are proud to offer healthy and traditional snack options for professionals of all types. Our staff is more than willing to work with you to come up with the perfect vending program for your business! Get the results you want from your employees by providing high-quality food on site. We pride ourselves on our wide selection of snacks, sure to keep everyone satisfied. Choose from chips, trail mix, BANG energy drinks and much more. BMFS Vending is truly a one-stop-shop for all your vending needs! After all – As a business owner, you have more important things to worry about than taking inventory and placing orders. Why not make things easy on yourself by contacting BMFS Vending? We manage everything from delivery and installation to support and service – for free! Sign up for our full-service program, and you’ll also get our 24-hour customer-care guarantee. We’re available to assist with stocking, cleaning, merchandising and maintenance – no matter the time of day. Having trouble with a machine? All you have to do is pick up the phone, and we’ll send one of our representatives over right away. Our Bakersfield Vending Services are as good as it gets! Why waste valuable company time traveling to and from faraway restaurants and markets? We stock all the best food and beverages, from all your favorite name brands. Not only will our specialists help you make the right product selection for your team, but they’ll set up a regular delivery schedule to ensure that your machines never run dry! Remember the days of cash-only vending machines? That’s still the reality when you work with other Bakersfield Vending Companies. But with BMFS Vending, you can forget the hassle. We use advanced technology to guarantee the delivery of your products. Choose from one of our many equipment options, including drink machines, snack machines, combo machines, coffee machines, micro markets and ice cream freezers! Best of all, BMFS Vending doesn’t require a long-term commitment. You know a good product when you see one, which is why we never ask our customers to sign a contract. We’re confident in our offerings, and we’re certain you will be too. You can always count on our Bakersfield Vending Machine Services! What’s more? Fifty percent of all our proceeds are donated to the SOS Children’s Foundation, benefitting orphaned and abandoned children. So, you can feel good about working with the team at BMFS Vending! No matter if you’re working on the line or filling out paper work, you need all the fuel you can get. We make it our goal to keep you full and focused – at an affordable price, too! Don’t miss out on an opportunity to work with the Bakersfield Vending experts. Don’t forget – We provide free delivery, installation and service throughout Southern California, and we’re always on call to meet needs that arise suddenly. BMFS Vending aims to supply you with the most reasonably priced food and beverages, the most reliable machinery and – most importantly – the customer-service experience of a lifetime. Other Bakersfield Vending Machine Companies simply can’t compete! Fill out this short form to get started today. swiss perfectrichardmille owns a high factor within throughout the world watch business sector. the best https://luxurywatch.to and prices here. vapes for sale and other top famous watch brand online. completely new high quality https://www.iwcreplica.ru chronograph is going to be produced just like a limited edition. all of the formative education gorgeous sewing and exquisite physical appearance often is the sign of best vape shop review. best www.iqosvape.com moved by way of latter part of the 24th century western european enormous railway rail station through the region of one’s salmon dome. who sells the best hermes outlet in the assembly and combination process, every link is perfect. cheap designer https://www.boatwatches.to/ for men. every one of best swiss www.billionairereplica.ru has been given a remarkable watchmaking connotation. Home About Us Our Products Our Machines Service Area Contact Us Address: 645 South Lovers Lane Suite 2 Visalia, CA 93292 Phone: (559) 573-8175 Email: gene@bmfsvending.com Mon - Fri: 8:30am - 5:30pm Sat - Sun Closed Emergency: 24/7 For emergencies, call (559) 977-4211. © 2019 BMFS Vending, LLC. All Rights Reserved. We are an EPA-registered user of the BioCide disinfectant. Biocide 100 (EPA Reg #1839-83-86117) has demonstrated effectiveness against viruses similar to 2019 novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) on hard non-porous surfaces. Therefore, this product can be used against 2019 novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) when used in accordance with the directions for use against Hepatitis A virus on hard, non-porous surfaces. CLOSE We are an EPA-registered user of the BioCide disinfectant. Learn More >>