FSS | Fumigation Service & Supply Inc. Contact Us Shop Now Services Products Education Customer Portal Services Pest Management Fumigation Decontamination Ancillary Services Helpful Links Careers Safety Labels and SDS About Us Blog Contact Find Your Representative Call 833.221.2979 info@FSSZone.com Home Shop Now Products Services Pest Management Fumigation Decontamination Ancillary Services Careers Education Helpful Links Safety Labels and SDS About Us Blog Contact Would you like more information? Would you like more information? Please fill out your information below and a team member will be in touch. First Name* Last Name* Email Address* Phone Number Company Industry City* State/Province* Service Select Service Our Product Fumigation Integrated Pest Management Export/Import Fumigation Complete Form Over 40 years of full-service commercial pest management, product sales, innovation and education FSS, Inc. is a full-service pest management company providing high quality, safe and innovative solutions to food, feed, grain, seed and distribution markets. (833) 221-2979 Contact Us Start with the Insect First… The FSS, Inc. Difference… It’s About the Science. FSS, Inc. is a commercial pest management company started by some of the industry’s top stored product entomologists and scientists in the field. Our founders speak at the nation's top universities compelling others to join the field of science dedicated to breaking the cycle of repeated, infestations and losses due to pest damage. We embrace innovation at every level. We encourage individualism and collaboration in solving the world’s most complex pest problems. We embrace technology and true Integrated Pest Management. “We believe that it is important to start with the insect first and work to create an environment where pests will either leave or die.”- David Mueller, Founder of FSS, Inc. Our goal as a pest management company is to help our commercial clients deliver the safest and highest quality products to their customers. We are leading the way through expertly trained and educated staff. FSS, Inc also deploys the latest in remote monitoring and sensing technology. We wish to ensure our customers have the most transparent, effective, and efficient pest management system in place. Read MoreLess FSS, Inc. offers state-of-the-art fumigation services. Those services range from ISPM15, BMSB, and other export container treatments to food, feed, milling, grain, and seed facility fumigations. Our safe and effective fumigation techniques help keep industries moving forward, commodities safe and brands protected from harmful pests. Our goal is to protect your employees, facilities, products, customers, and your brand. FSS, Inc. customers have access to transparency levels unprecedented in the pest control industry. Our digital DynamicIPM® program provides dashboards with trending data and detailed layouts of the facility with real-time information relays. We believe the best practice is to provide our clients with access to real-time events, trending data, and corrective actions. Our DynamicIPM® system is a modernization of a decades-old analog IPM (Integrated Pest Management) system. Meaning, that through the digitization of our process, we ensure our clients have access to their data from the onset of an issue. This aids in resolving issues before they become problems. We provide services that help with SQF (Safe Quality Food), AIB (American Institute of Baking) and PCIT (Phytosanitary Certificate Issuance & Tracking System) audits. Our diverse set of services addresses each element of a successful IPM program. Assessment Implementation Prevention Monitoring Control Documentation Communication Continuous Improvement If you are experiencing issues with your current provider, please contact FSS, Inc. today to see what DynamicIPMTM can do for you! Get In Touch Implementation of remote monitoring for the rodent traps has led to a shift in our thinking and approach... "It has given us more time to analyze, investigate, discuss, and plan corrective actions around pest activity. I think we are doing a better job of engaging with the plant and looking at how activity in different areas is connected from a product flow standpoint and theorizing and pursuing root causes." Grant Welton | Quality and Food Safety Manager, PepsiCo / Quaker Oats Helping to drive change in the pest control industry "The FSS team has helped me in many tough situations and continued to be a great business partner in identifying solutions to our many pest pressures. They are my first email/phone call when I have a pest concern and need creative solutions. They are helping drive change in how we, and the industry, think about pest control." Krista Ankrom | Bayer U.S. LLC FSS, Inc. is a full-service pest management company delivering quality, safe and innovative solutions for the food, feed, grain, seed, and logistics spaces including distribution and export. Helpful Links Products Labels and SDS Ancillary Services Find Your Representative Contact Info Call 833.221.2979 info@FSSZone.com Join Our Newsletter Professional Web Development by SFP Home Shop Now Services Education ©2024 FSS Zone. All Rights Reserved. FSS, Inc. is a full-service pest management company delivering quality, safe and innovative solutions for the food, feed, grain, seed, and logistics spaces including distribution and export. Join Our Newsletter Call 833.221.2979 Text Connect Tawk.to info@FSSZone.com Product Sales Hard to Find Sales Labels and SDS Ancillary Services Find Your Representative Professional Web Development by SFP