Golden Horseshoe Concrete & Forming Inc. Grimsby, ON Call Today : (905) 515-9787 Home Laser Screeding General Contracting Concrete Services Forming Residential Commercial Agricultural Erosion Control Gallery Join Our Team Contact Us Email Us (905) 515-9787 Grimsby & Niagara Concrete Contractor When it comes to concrete we're a shoe-in!Residential, Commercial & Agricultural Concrete Conctractor in Grimsby, ON Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Welcome to the Family! Our NEW... S-485 LASER SCREED Quality Flat and Level floors. Whether it's a smaller Floor, or a 100,000 Square foot warehouse, We've got you covered! More Info & Our NEW... Mini "C" LASER SCREED We now offer our customers superior productivity and flatness with our Mini Screed™ C. Designed for small commercial, upper deck, and residential projects — the Mini Screed™ C provides high quality, professionally produced floors at a fraction of the cost of conventional methods. We've got you covered! More Info Concrete Services We are a specialized concrete company and will work with you to create a custom solution for your project, tailoring our work to fit your needs. Quality service and customer satisfaction are what matters most to us. More info Concrete Form Services When you're faced with a difficult forming situation, we make it happen. Complex concrete jobs and adverse forming conditions are no match for our experienced team. Golden Horseshoe Concrete & Forming rises to the toughest formwork challenges. More info Safety First! Golden Horseshoe Concrete & Forming Inc. is all about safety, our mission is to ensure that workers at all levels are properly trained in the safest ways to perform their jobs. We maintain a strong focus on safety in every task we perform. Questions? We now install retaining walls for earth erosion control & break walls, contact us for more information or to get a quote Good news spreads rapidly and we now are proudly serving the GTHA as well as the Kingston, Ottawa and Niagara Regions Concrete being seasonal work is a myth which means we will be open for business all winter long to keep up with customer demands. Just give us a call and we will be more than happy to serve you. We have the experience & hardest working crew out there period! Golden Horseshoe Concrete & Forming's team is made up of 10 highly skilled and experienced individuals all with their own comprehensive knowledge of the concrete, forming and construction industry. The team has over twenty years expierience and this shows with every completed job and highly satisfied customer. Serving Dunnvile, Niagara and surrounding areas. Family Owned & Operated Highly Experienced & Skilled Staff Serving the Residential, Commercial & Agricultural Industries Specialized Forming Experts Open For Business All Winter Serving, Grimsby, GTHA, Oakville, Kingston, Ottawa, Dunnville, Haldimand, Smithville & Niagara Region 20+ years of experience 10 skilled crew members Expert estimates 100% job completion Great customer service Our process Request estimate Book our services We complete work Happy customer! Join our team Take a job opportunity of a lifetime – join our team at Golden Horseshoe Concrete & Forming Inc. We cherish active crew members willing to work hard on projects of any type and complexity. If you are enthusiastic about a career in concrete & construction please feel free to send us your resume. We are interested in hiring full time professionals and short term projects helpers.More info Golden Horseshoe Conrete & Forming Inc. 75590 Regional Road 45, Dunnville, ON N1A 2W2 Telephone: (905) 515-9787 E-mail Email Us Newsletter Keep up to date with our company news and events. Enter your e-mail and subscribe to our newsletter. subscribe Links Home Concrete Services Forming Services Join Our Team Contact Us Golden Horseshoe Concrete & Forming Inc. © .