Menu HOME JURY PARTICIPANTS 2021 INFORMATION Back Testimonials Winners and Laureates of recent years Participants 2020 Video Gallery A World of New Talents Archive. Stars of the Albion CONTACTS +44 (0) 207 833 0502 STARS OF THE ALBION. GRAND PRIX 2021 8th INTERNATIONAL PERFORMING ARTS CONTEST. Online & Offline formats. MUSIC, DANCE, VISUAL ARTS Applications deadline: 25 September 2021 1st Round (online): 1 - 3 October 2021 2nd Round (online & offline): 7 – 10 October 2021 Live auditions and contest for national participants will be held in London, UK. Grand Prix 2021. Registration Form (Open in new tab) Grand Prix 2021. Press release (Download) Гран-При 2021. Рег. Форма (рус. яз.)(Новое окно) Гран-При 2021. Пресс Релиз (рус. яз.)(Загрузить) Read more NEW TALENTS WORLD International Online Performing Arts Platform & Festival. Summer edition. Extraordinary acts, singing, instrumental performance, fine art & photography. Applications deadline: 1 July 2021 Music (singing, instrumental performance), Composition & improvisation, Dance, Art (Fine Art, Photography) New Talents World. Registration form (Link) New Talents World. Registration form (Press release) Read more STARS OF THE ALBION. GRAND PRIX 2021. Read more about the event Invitation Dear Friends, It is our pleasure to announce the 8th edition of "Stars of the Albion. Grand Prix 2021" international performing arts festival & competition. This unique multicultural project joins musicians, dancers and artists from across the world and provides valuable opportunities for young emerging artists to showcase their talent as well as to enhance technical and performance skills, to establish and develop their career. It is organised by Musica Nova Productions Agency & Academy under the Patronage of the World Association of Performing Arts (WAPA) and is promoted by Stars of the Albion Ltd Foundation. There are two rounds: the 1st Round is held online and the successful candidates are invited then to the 2nd round (Grand Prix Final 2021), which offers both offline & online form of participation. The offline competition – live auditions and performances are for national participants only this year. This year programme will include the competition, online workshops with British producers, judges and international artists, an Opening concert and a Gala concert of winners of the competition, a virtual tour of London and the Royal Windsor. All participants will receive Diplomas, trophies, awards as well as a feedback from our distinguished judges. We expect participants from England, Spain, France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, China, Taiwan, Greece, Malta, Saudi Arabia, Colombia, Philippines, India, Bangladesh, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Russia, Latvia, Belarus and other countries. Participation in this contest is open to artists from 6 years old with no age limit and is divided between age categories, with two options of participation in the capacity of either as amateur or professional performers. All styles and genres can be presented for the competition programme. There are no repertoire restrictions. It is expected that each participant will perform two contrasting compositions. For singers it is compulsory to include one song in English the second maybe performed either in English or in other languages. If that's the case, prior to the performance the contestant should provide the adjudication panel with an adequate translation into English in writing of their original song, which they are going to perform in the competition programme. Please see a full list of requirements in our programme section. Valuable prizes will be awarded for the best artistic work, short documentary film and choreography on music by the 20th century composer. The adjudication panel is comprised of famous musicians, composers, producers and artists and international judges. TOTAL PRIZE FUND: £1000 We are looking forward to welcoming you to our events & to extraordinary discoveries of the “Stars of the Albion” project! Disciplines • MUSIC Singing (classical, contemporary, musical theatre). Soloists and ensembles up to 12 people and choirs. Instrumental playing (classical, folk, jazz). Soloists, ensembles up to 12 people. Composition (solo & group). • DANCE Ballet, modern, folk. Soloists, ensembles up to 12 people and groups. • VISUAL ARTS Performance in Fine Art, photography, short documentary films. • CIRCUS SHOW Acrobatics, gymnastics, equilibristic, juggling, clowns, illusion. Age category: Children from 6 y.o. & adults, no age limit Competition schedule Applications deadline: 20 September 2021 1st Round (online): 1 - 3 October 2021 2nd Round (online & offline): 7 – 10 October 2021 Live auditions and contest for national participants will be held in London, UK. Thursday, 7 October 2021 *Youth conference *Opening Night of “Stars of the Albion. Grand Prix 2021” Featuring outstanding young talents, laureates of “Stars of the Albion” festivals and distinguished international musicians, adjudicators & special guests of the competition. 8 – 10 October 2021 *Online Competitions. All nominations. *Online Master classes – Artist management and UK music industry. UK music diplomas online. Introduction to Music education and educational programmes. Saturday, 9 October 2021 *Live auditions and contest for national participants will be held in London Sunday, 10 October 2021 *Virtual tour: London and Royal Windsor. *Gala Concert of winners and laureates with the participation of celebrity guest artists and ensembles. *Online Gala Concert of winners and laureates with the participation of celebrity guest artists and ensembles. Please note: there might be slight alterations in dates and venues. Awards & Diplomas Based on the ratings put forward by the jury on a 10-point scale, the Org. Committee determines the winners of the first, second and third places, as well as the Grand Prix of the Competition. • £1000 in total Grand Prix – 4 monetary prizes of £250 each per Discipline. • I place Laureate – Golden trophy and Diploma. • II place Laureate – Silver trophy and Diploma. • III place Laureate – Bronze trophy and Diploma. • I place Diploma of Participation. • II place Diploma of Participation. • III place Diploma of Participation. • Certificate. STAR AWARDS - A special prize for the best performance/choreography on music by the 20th-21st centuries. - Concert prizes (performances throughout the year) are awarded to the Grand Prix winner and laureates of the 1st and 2nd places. - Special Diploma and “Star Lyre” award for the best dance/vocal number/ choreography / costume and stage presence. - Special Diploma and award for the best artistic work and photography. - Special Diploma and award for the best short film script. - “Audience Prize” / “Jury Prize” for the best performance / work. - A “Young Future Talent of Stars of the Albion” Diploma for the youngest contestant. - Diploma of appreciation to teachers and directors. - Diploma of participant for every contestant. Every discipline is subdivided between age categories. Based on the jury recommendation, the Organisers reserve the right not to award any places in a category. The programme of the final Gala Show will be based on recommendations by members of the adjudication panel. The jury’s decision is a final one and should not be disputed. Technical and repertoire requirements A free choice of repertoire within the required total duration limit. Each contestant should perform two contrasting compositions. It is compulsory for Singers to include one of the songs in English. The second song can be performed on any language of the world. A written translation should be provided to the jury prior to performance if a song is to be performed in any language other than English. All compositions should be performed from memory and in the original language. You can resubmit same compositions for the 1st and 2nd rounds. It is important that all the recordings should be of the highest possible quality and in a landscape format only. For the 1st round (at the time of submission of the application form) please provide us with the YouTube link to your performances. For the 2nd round each participant will be required to submit a perfect quality video recording by WeTransfer or Google Drive. Requirements for maximum total duration of compositions performed: Individual participants and groups, its possible to participate in more than one nomination. Singing: 7 minutes Notes for offline auditions: *Participants using the backing track must provide a high-quality instrumental accompaniment on a USB flash drive. Also, the backing tracks must be sent to the organizers in MP3 format at most 2.5 weeks before the *Each sound recording must be on a separate medium with the name of the work, the author of the music, the text, the name of the ensemble or the name of the artist, as well as the duration of the work. *Vocalists are not allowed to perform with the “plus”. Dance: 4 minutes *Participants using the backing track must provide a high-quality instrumental accompaniment on a USB flash drive. Also, the backing tracks must be sent to the organizers in MP3 format at most 2.5 weeks before the start of the competition. Instrumental performance: Amateur category up to 10 minutes, Professional category up to 20 minutes in total. Composition: Each participant should present a video recording of two compositions of their own choice. Any genre/style, can be instrumental/ vocal. If written to a lyrics, please submit also a general translation of the song in English. Total duration is up to 10 minutes. Visual Arts: Performance in Fine Art, Photography, Short documentary film - Artistic embroidery, macrame decoration - Decorative and applied arts and crafts - Painting (oil, watercolour, gouache, pastel, mixed technique) - Drawing (graphics) All the images that you will be submitting are images of original artwork created by yourself or are the artwork created by an artist who authorized you to submit the images on his/her behalf and should be sent in a JPG format. We will have the right to publish and retain images of your artwork selected by the jurors on our website and other advertising channels to promote future competitions and your artwork. Online Round. A maximum of 6 images, a minimum of 3. Based on digital images sent to us with the following specifications: *Each image must be at least 72 dpi and 200 KB. *The shortest side of the image must be at least 338 pixels. *All entries must be JPG format. *Each image should not exceed 5MB and should be smaller than 7500 x 7500 pixels. *Each piece can be no larger than 75 x 85 inches (192 x 218 centimetres). Diptych, Triptych: A work made up of multiple pieces can be up to 168 inches (427 centimetres) wide, as long as each part is no larger than 75 x 85 inches (192 x 218 centimetres). A live Grand Final Round (for national participants only). A maximum of 3 works. If you are selected into the Grand Final Round, your work must be framed or stretched. You are responsible for the cost of this if the work arrives unframed/unstretched. Framed work must be framed in a similar manner; the frames do not have to be identical, but they must be very similar. It is your responsibility to make sure that your artwork is adequately wired and ready to be hung. The applicant is liable for all costs in connection with insurance, postage, transportation to and from competition venue(s), preparation of their works for an exhibition. The applicant should be available in person or to make alternative arrangements to collect their works from the venue on the last day of the festival. Organisation Committee is not liable to storage and for loss of any material left by the participant after the end of the competition. Short documentary film: Works to be submitted together with the registration form: - 3 minutes script competition *The video file should not exceed 2-3 GB. *The video file can be sent in one of the formats: AVI, MPG, WMV, MOV. Circus Show: minimum 4 minutes, maximum 8 minutes All types of circus art, except: performances with animals, use of fire. Evaluation Criteria 1. Choreography • Composition, choice of repertoire, matching the repertoire with the age characteristics of the performer. • Performing skills – style and technique, the culture of performance, musicality. • Artistry, interest and variety, expression. • Stage presence, decorations and costumes. 2. Singing • Artistic interpretation, expression. • Performance technique, purity of intonation, pronunciation, articulation. • Choice of works, level of difficulty. • Stage presentation, acting, production, costumes. 3. Instrumental performance • Artistic interpretation, concept, architectonics. • Performance technique, instrument control, purity of intonation (for strings and winds). • Choice of repertoire, level of difficulty. • Stage presence, costumes. 4. Composition • Concept, form, architectonics, stylistic technique, instrumentation/ arrangement. • Performance technique and stage presence, stage presence, costumes. 5. Photography • Concept, originality, composition. • Technique, work with light, design, style. • Expressiveness, impact on the audience. • Costumes, decorations. 6. Visual Arts • Composition, concept, originality. • Technique, style, work with color, work with a line. • Expressiveness, impact on the audience. • Presentation 7. Short films • Concept, content of work, compliance with the declared genre. • Technique of performance, video quality, installation, complexity. • Emotional impact on the audience, expressive tools and design (the presence of sound, effects, the use of scenery, light, costumes). • Artistic performance. 8. Circus Show • Performance technique, level of difficulty. Concept and originality. • Costumes. • Choreography. • Music used for the performance, impact on the audience, artistic interpretation. Fees Registration fee is non-refundable and is payable at the moment of application and video submission. 50% discount applies for registration forms submitted by 15 September 2021. *£50 registration fee per person (solo category) *£20 per person for any additional category/nomination (solo category) *£10 per person for any additional category/nomination (ensemble) *£18 per person (a group of 2 – 3 people) *£15 per person (a group of 4 – 5 people) *£10 per person (a group of 6 and more people) Additionally: * £25 per person for a workshop/masterclass Сontacts Organiser – “Musica Nova” International Music Academy 4th Floor, Silverstream House, 45 Fitzroy Street, Fitzrovia, London W1T 6EB Tel: +44 (0) 7765 845489 | +44 (0)7832341745 Official competition website: www.starsofthealbion.org.uk E-mail: starsofthealbion@gmail.com CEO: Ms. Evgenia Terentieva-Jakubowski President of the World Association of Performing Arts United Kingdom Section (WAPA) Winner of a “Queen’s Award” from the British Council Laureate of international piano, singing, composition competitions < Laureate of the Gold Franz Kafka Medal (Czech Republic) Concert musician: singer, pianist, composer, educator Dip Dist St. Petersburg Conservatoire (Russia), DipGSMD, HonLGSM (UK) Hello to everyone! We are happy to share great news. Our Concert the Stars of the Albion Festival & Contest Judges is now officially released. Part 2 - laureates concert is on its way too. Enjoy it and join us into the Stars of the Albion family. Next competition is coming. Fill in the registration form, hurry up. www.starsofthealbion.org.uk Our sincere gratitude to: Ron Tom, David Serero, Harlano Weekes, Konstantin Lapshin, Joaquin Soffredini, Constance An Chi Hsieh, Sipan Olah, Hayley McKay, Alfiya Karimova, Ck Choir, Daniella, Jermaine Jackson, Inteligenesis! And our video editor: Natalia Kolosova Art around the universe And also, Musica Nova International Music Academy View all SINGING PARTICIPANTS 2021" Uliana Nisterovskaya Russia Uliana Nisterovskaya Russia Winner of 11 Grand Prix at 46 international competitions. IV age group. Ania Klah Poland Ania Klah Poland Winner of Grand Prix titles and laureate places at over 37 international competitions. IV age group. Alla Mordvanuk Ukraine Alla Mordvanuk Ukraine Professional Winner of 8 Grand Prix titles at international compettions. III age category, professional. Ganna Bielkina United Kingdom Ganna Bielkina United Kingdom Graduated from Kiev College of Contemporary and Circus Arts, was a member of Ukrainian pop group Neksi, in 2013 she became the finalist of the famous TV show “Voice”. IV age category, professional. Ilja Ponti Russia Ilja Ponti Russia Supported by the Vladimir Spivakov Fund. Classical singing. Winner of 11 Grand Prix titles and numerous international competitions across the world. III age category, Professional. Viacheslav Olhovsky Russia Viacheslav Olhovsky Russia Singer with 3.5 octaves range, composer, laureate of national and international singing competitions, including “Golden voice of Russia”, TV festival “Song of the Year 2002”, finalist of “Voice 60+“ in 2020 in 1st TV channel in Russia. Repertoire includes classical contemporary repertoire, world hits, authors songs, romances. Singing and composition dual nominations participant. IV age category, professional. Eileen Vertman Israel Eileen Vertman Israel First performed on stage at the age of 1,5 years. Since then she participated and became a laureate of a number of international singing competitions (live and online). I age category, amateur. Danielle Jan Soliman Philippines Danielle Jan Soliman Philippines Presented by Vega Entertainment Productions, Philippines. Contemporary singing, musical theatre. IV age category, amateur. Merry Mia Sinaguinan a.k.a. Ms.Purpleheart Philippines Merry Mia Sinaguinan a.k.a. Ms.Purpleheart Philippines Presented by Charie Vega, Philippines. IV age category, professional. Duet KAYA & IKE Malta Duet KAYA & IKE Malta Finalists of Malta got talent competition. II age group, professional. Mikaela Borg Malta Mikaela Borg Malta Laureate of international festivals and competitions. II age category, amateur. Leria Zammit Bonello Malta Leria Zammit Bonello Malta Singer, model, participant of various international festivals and competitions. II age group, amateur. Alexander Cheskis Israel Alexander Cheskis Israel Established composer, arranger, author and performer of his songs. Member of the composers Union of Israel. Singing participant and composition dual nomination. IV age category, Professional. Kyrylo Naida Ukraine Kyrylo Naida Ukraine Laureate and winner of numerous international competitions, including Stars of the Albion in the previous years. IV age category, professional. View all INSTRUMENTAL PARTICIPANTS 2021" Pavel Mateenko Russia Pavel Mateenko Russia Won the scholarship to study with support from Kaluga region administration, Russia. III age category, amateur. Ioanna Orfanidi Greece Ioanna Orfanidi Greece First time participating in the international competition. Student of Musica Nova Academy, London. IV age category, amateur. Nikita Averin Russia Nikita Averin Russia The 2nd year student of the Merzliakov college at the Moscow Conservatoire. IV age category, professional. Alexander Bardin Russia Alexander Bardin Russia Alexander is a pianist and organist, also a winner of the Grand Prix title of the XX international competition (Krasnoyarsk, 2020), laureate of numerous international competitions, performed as a soloist with full symphony and chamber orchestras of his native town - Krasnoyarsk. IV age group, professional. Sofia Poliakevich Republic of Belarus Sofia Poliakevich Republic of Belarus Laureate of more than 30 international piano competitions in France, UK, Spain, Italy, Serbia, Russia, Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Kazakhstan. III age category, professional View all COMPOSITION PARTICIPANTS 2021" Yakov Molodetsky Israel Yakov Molodetsky Israel Сomposition author of song and lyrics, video production. Yakov Molodetsky has been working as a composer and lyricist with famous musicians in Israel, Russia and Uzbekistan. His songs are performed by celebrity ensemble “Yalla”, Mila Romanidi and are broadcast on major radio stations in USA and Israel. A big article was written about Yakov by the War Veterans Council. IV age group, professional. Alexander Cheskis Israel Alexander Cheskis Israel Established composer, arranger, author and performer of his songs. Member of the composers Union of Israel. Singing participant and composition dual nomination. IV age category, Professional. Viacheslav Olhovsky Russia Viacheslav Olhovsky Russia Singer with 3.5 octaves range, composer, laureate of national and international singing competitions, including “Golden voice of Russia”, TV festival “Song of the Year 2002”, finalist of “Voice 60+“ in 2020 in 1st TV channel in Russia. Repertoire includes classical contemporary repertoire, world hits, authors songs, romances. Singing and composition dual nominations participant. IV age category, professional. Victoria Stoianova Portugal Victoria Stoianova Portugal Established singer, composer and lyricist. IV age group, amateur Irina Feoktistova / Evgenia Pirshina USA Irina Feoktistova / Evgenia Pirshina USA Two artists, Evgenia Pirshina and Irina Feoktistova met in Chicago in 2017 and started a collaboration as musicians, Evgenia as an opera singer, Irina as an accompanist. They performed together in different venues in Chicago aria including Poetry Foundation, DePaul University, Chicago Opera Theater (2018 production of "Iolanta"). Evgenia Pirshina is also active as a photographer and visual artist. The idea of combining visual arts with music was born during their concert in the Art Gallery of Terra Sounds studios in 2019. IV age category, professional. View all VISUAL ARTS PARTICIPANTS 2021" Irina Uzzell United Kingdom Irina Uzzell United Kingdom IV age category, professional. Ekaterina Yaremchuk United Kingdom Ekaterina Yaremchuk United Kingdom IV age category, professional. Merab Msuknishvili Georgia Merab Msuknishvili Georgia Established artist, worked for Georgian Film Studios, including films of Sergey Parajanov. Participated in numerous international exhibitions. In 2017 was awarded 1st place at the Stars of the Albion competition. Currently a programme about Mr. Msuknishvili is being prepared on Georgia TV. IV age category, professional. Dimitry Devdariani United Kingdom Dimitry Devdariani United Kingdom Dimitry is a multitalented artist, theatre director, producer, composer, actor. IV age category, professional. All photos ALL VIDEOS PARTICIPANTS 2020 OPENING CONCERT PROMO VIDEOS INSTRUMENTAL PLAYING SONG DANCE Our partners Principal Partner Principal partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Principal Partner Website, design, print. Media Partner Media Partner Media Partner Media Partner Media Partner Media Partner General Partner General Partner Contacts Address: 4th Floor, Silverstream House, 45 Fitzroy Street, London W1T 6EB Tel: +44 (0) 7832341745 E-mail: starsofthealbion@gmail.com Feedback: Name* Your E-mail* Message* CAPTCHA Type the letters you see on the picture* © 2015. All rights reserved. Website created by 1WEBMASTER