Learn Bartending School Palm Springs - Classes & Job Placement Skip to content Call (760) 568-9620 Established 1969 Home Class Details FAQ Job Placement Reviews Directions Palm Desert San Diego New York Hire a Bartender Graduates Jobs Board Palm Springs Bartender Talk Job Search Tips Train as a Bartender MainHands on Bartending SchoolBEHIND THE BAR TRAININGIN TWO WEEKS YOU CAN BE FULLY TRAINED TO START BARTENDINGCALL NOW! Bartender Classes2 WEEK PROGRAMAmerican Bartending School has a 2 part program. The first part is to train you in every phase of bartending. JOB PLACEMENTThe second part is for our job placement department to help you find a bartending job.Unemployed, Need More Money?American Bartending School in Palm Desert has trained thousands of men and women just like you to be working bartenders since 1969. In only 2 weeks you can be fully trained and ready to start bartending. American Bartending is the nation’s oldest and most respected bartending school. Unemployed, Need More Money? JOB PLACEMENT2 WEEK PROGRAM CALL NOW! Yes, I want more information about starting my bartending career. Call (760) 568-9620 or email us below Name: Phone: Email: How Can We Help You? Slide 1"Jackson was a really good instructor. He knew a lot about bartending because he worked for the Ritz Carlton Hotel for 7 years. He gave us great tips on how to give Five Star customer service that I now will help me make more money bartending. The job placement staff helped me get a job at one of the casinos'"Ryan K Graduate American Bartending School Palm DesertSlide 2"I really like the class. Jeanie was a great instructor. She cared about us learning bartending the right way. I would definitely recommend school to anyone who wants to get certified" Linda Graduate American Bartending School Palm DesertSlide 3"Damon was one cool dude. I called him the bear but he was as sweet and gentle as a kitten. He took his time and showed us how it's done in real world bartending. Damon being the food and beverage manager at the airport kept us entertained telling us about his bartending experiences"Michelle L Graduate American Bartending School Palm Desert Looking for a Bartender School Near Me? American Bartending School is conveniently reached from any of the cities in the Palm Springs – Palm Desert area; including Palm Springs proper, Indio, Coachella, Cathedral City, LaQuinta, Rancho Mirage, Desert Hot Springs, Yucca Valley, and Beaumont, California. About Bartending A Bartender Job Description May 30, 2019January 23, 2020 Chris johnson The job description of a bartender is to mix and serve drinks and alcoholic beverages to the customers and patrons of the bar. It is the job of a bartender to know all there is to know about the beer, spirit and wine varieties and how to serve each of them. A bartender must also have the knowledge of making, mixing, and serving techniques such as shaking, muddling, stirring, and pouring. About BartendingBartender Job Placement Bartender Jobs – Full or Part Time Careers May 30, 2019January 23, 2020 Chris johnson Proudly serving the community as the oldest school with behind-the-bar, hands on training classes and bartending job placement assistance. Contact Us: (760) 568-9620 Bartending School PagesDirections Hire a Bartender Faq's Reviews Job Placement Job Search Tips Job Board Palm Desert Recent Posts A Bartender Job Description Bartender Jobs – Full or Part Time Careers Is Bartending a Good Job? Categories About Bartending Bartender Job Placement Bartending Blog Drink Recipes Top 10 Drinks Bartending Techniques Bar Glasses Bartending Terms Liquor Dictionary Wine Dictionary American Bartending School. Established 1969 - Oldest Bartenders School in Palm Desert Privacy Policy Site Map Powered by WebDev San Diego: WebSiteDesignWD.com Copyright © 2024 American Bartending School. All rights reserved.Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress. Pin It