Get Online Counseling With India's Top Therapists & Psychologists 24X7 Available flexible support Top Rated in India ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ B-38, Sector 14, Gurugram, Haryana 122001 Home Services Stress & Depression Mindfulness Therapy Relationship LGBTQ Issues Teenage Issues Anger Management Free Psychological Test Depression Test Anxiety Test Worrying Affect Our Team Blog Play Video Who we are Explore Online Counseling with Leading Psychologists & Therapists Lyfsmile connects you to India's top psychologists, counselors, and therapists for convenient online counseling sessions. With over 120K clients in 70+ Countries, Lyfsmile is providing a safe, secure and confidential space to the clients. Make An Appointment Ready to get started? We offer comprehensive online mental health treatment options to meet all your needs. Online Therapy Ongoing support from a licensed provider. Get started Couples Therapy Relationship-centered therapy that connects you and your partner. Get started Teen Therapy Specialized therapy for ages 13-17. Get started BEST REVIEWS What our Clients Say Ms Tanya is just amazing. my anxiety is gone and I am so grateful to her for helping me out in times where I had no hope left. - Sam , LGBTQ soceity 29 Years I have tried a few online counselling platforms but this is one platform where I found best servicefrom their team and Ritika is very supportive and provides immediate care whenever needed. - Arti , divorced 23 Years My therapist Muthumlaxmi is very smart, cooperative and caring. She is very professionaland always on time for our sessions. She has helped me in hard times and I am grateful to her for the same. - Anirudh 24 Years Booking sessions with Lyfsmile was best decision of my life, I never thought my life would be normal after loosing my father in covid. I am very very thankful to Tanya mam. - Sumit , Medical student 26 Years There is always something to learn even when we grow old, this is what I learnt after starting my sessions from psychologist Ms Tanya Sachdev. - Akash , HR, Del 43 Years I did not know how to live after my break up. I am still recovering from that, and I am thankful to Ritika for being guiding me and supporting me - Anjana , author 32 Years Coming out was tough, I always knew that. I needed support and that’s when I a[approached Tanya mam, My sessions with her have been so good that I now feel so empowered, my girlfriend and I have a better relationship with each other and with our family members too. - Dale 32 Years I was on the verge of breaking up with my boyfriend,I thought he was cheating on me so I kept asking him whereabouts.Steve made me realize that I was getting insecure and my boyfriend was just getting annoyed by me. My boyfriend and I are having a better bond now. All thanks to LyfSmile. -Annapoorna 23 Years I love how good service they provide at such affordable prices. I would highly recommend them Bella responded to my messages almost immediately. I get anxiety attacks often and I wanted someone who I could message at any time of the day. Thank you for making my life so much better. - Michael 47 Years When I first came across LyfSmile I thought they are similar to other websites who promises to treat depression but they weren't really helpful. I feel so much better taking depression treatment package with Tanya. I would definitely refer this site to people who are having tough time dealing - Arushi 28 Years How It Works Start feeling better in 3 Simple steps Book a Session In addition to private practise, our staff are accomplished psychologists with long running academic and professional careers. Choose Your Time And Day For stress , anxiety , depression, and many other problems that trouble the modern world, we may give efficient care. Get Therapy When you are feeling lost in life, talking to a professional may be helpful. We give only treatments that are known to be effective. Get Counseling 0 Years of Experience 0 Experienced Counselor 0 Clients Healed Top psychologists In india Meet lyfsmile Team We interview every therapist and carry out rigorous background checks before hiring them. We believe in giving quality therapy and make sure our therapist only take 4-5 sessions a day as per the guidelines issues by World Health Organisations. We organise weekly well-being workshops for our therapist to make sure their mental health is not compromised and they provide best facilities to their clients too.VIEW ALL SPECIALIST Mrs Tanya Sachdev Doctorate Scholar | Senior Psychologist Ms Urvashi Rajput RCI Licensed Psychologist Mrs Ritika Dhall Counselling Psychologist Get a Consultation Right Now! Call: +91 98047 91047 We're a skilled team of psychologists committed to your well-being. Make an appointment With Lyfsmile, you can easily schedule online counselling sessions with the best psychologists, counsellors, and therapists in India. With over 120K clients in 70+ Countries, Lyfsmile is providing a safe, secure and confidential space to the clients. Our Head Organisations Office 1 - B-38, Old DLF Colony, Sector 14, Gurugram, Haryana 122001 Office 2 - A-91, Dwarka Mor, Block D, Bhagwati Garden, Delhi, 110059 GST NO - 07FQIPS7285A1ZG +91 98047 91047 help@lyfsmile.com Confidentiality Refund Policy Term & Condition Privacy Policy Quick Links Home About Faq's Reviews Blog Counselling Contact Us Feedback Internship Disclaimer We are not medical healthcare provider or a hotline for suicide prevention. Call a suicide prevention hotline right away if you are experiencing suicidal thoughts, or go to the hospital © 2019 - 2024 Lyfsmile | All rights reserved. #1 India's Best Psychologist 4 Lakh+ Sessions delivered 95% Guaranteed Results