Best Professional Bridal Makeup Artist in Lucknow | Stylz Toggle navigation Call Us Home About Services Gallery Offers Videos Testimonials Blog Contact us Welcome to Stylz Beauty Salon Stylz Beauty Salon is an oasis of makeup, beauty and hair services.. You will leave every single visit rich, snazzy and wonderful and our duty to making them look and feeling your best.The professional expert in our salon will tailor your look, with an array of top branded products and luxurious skin &hair services. So come and revitalize yourself with muchwide ranges of beauty services. Read More Our Gallery Our Services Beauty Bridal Makeup Hairstyling Nails Have Questions? Feel free to get in touch! contact now Send us a message Testimonials I came to Gokhle marg centre of yours to get ready for my Reception (Waleema) Look on 26th Nov. Let me say thanks to you first.You were a delight to be with and my makeup was flawless, on point and awesome. Everyone's eyes were on me. Thank you for making my day special Shimael Fatima Definitely the best make up artist in Lucknow. She is simply amazing.. And her daughter is a great photographer.. I was lucky to get clicked by her daughter for few photos and all the photos were just outstanding.. Thank you Komal and Jhanvi for making my special day even more special. Rinita Basu Mishra Stylz salon is definitely a treat to bride. From the customer service to the makeup, everything is the best. I would like to thank stylz for making my D-day memorable. Thank you Ajay for such an excellent makeup and jaanvi for the photographs. Anukriti Gaur Thank u so much 4 doing my makeup for my wedding. U made me look n feel beautiful for the big day. I'll definitely recommend u to others brides thanku Komal mam Divya Vik Kumar Latest Blogs Here Are Some Diy Facemasks That You.. Read More Here Are Few Quick Bridal Hairstyle You... Read More Things You Should Know While Concluding A... Read More Follow Us On Instagram Quick links AboutServices Gallery Offers Blog Contact Us Gokhle Marg 6, B Way Road, Gokhle Marg, Opp. CID Office Lucknow – 226 001 stylzstudiolucknow@gmail.com +91 979 397 0707 Aliganj A-1/22, Sec-B , Opp. Sahu Agencies, Below Vodafone Store, Aliganj, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh 226021 stylzstudiolucknow@gmail.com +91 842 940 0777 Copyright © 2020 Stylz Beauty Salon | All Rights Reserved. Book Now × Book Now Your name Your email Your mobile Your message