Braj Gupta Loading... +91-9663071796 info@brajgupta.com Braj Kishor Gupta Home About Us Programs Programs Content Writer Corporate Trainer Author Covid-19 Pause Take Your Giant Step Gallery Event Photo Event Video Articles News Contact About Braj Kishor Gupta Braj Gupta is a Global Keynote Speaker He is an inspirational Author He is India's leading Thought Leader Braj Gupta is a veteran Corporate Trainer He is the Mentor at Institutions of repute like IISC, Bangalore Braj Gupta is a Motivation Guru Read More Invite Braj Gupta Ignite your People What We Do Global Keynote Speaker Inspirational Author Mentor at Institutes of Eminence Leading Corporate Trainer Consultant for Content Writing Founder of GiantStep Global Keynote Speaker A scintillating Keynote address is a creative tool for creating intrinsic motivation among the corporate and academia.. Since the keynote address covers the central theme of a conference, its effectiveness often predicts the success of the Event. Enduring motivation of the employees and students ought to be the ultimate goal of any good key note speech... Colleges Corporate The COVID-19 Pause Uncommon Tales of Common Folks, which is a beautiful compendium of stories by 45 Thought Leaders, from across the world. . Tourism in 21st century India Content Writer Story Writing Read More Mentor at Institutes of Eminence He got invited by some top-notch institutions, such as, IISc Bangalore, NCERT, IIM K, IIM B, CMA Sri Lanka, DRDO Delhi, BrahMos Hyderabad, Bank of Baroda, Kirloskar and HAL, to name just a few.. . Handled 100+ Seminar & Workshop Motivational Speaker Team Motimations Read More Leading Corporate Trainer Training Head at Real Estate Bank India Pvt. Ltd. (2010 to 2011) -As the Training Head at REBI, I trained many employees, helping them to master the art of business communication. We could build relationships with many educational Institutions. I also played the role of a Guide and Mentor for the Interns both from the Netherlands and Indian Institutions.. Education Instructor Psychological Counsellor Life- transforming Workshops Read More Senior Columnist & Consulting Editor Senior Columnist & Consulting Editor in Print Media (2012 to 2021)-As a Consulting Editor & Columnist, He got hands-on experience in editing and writing lots of articles and columns.. Books / magazines Business Communication Website Content Read More Founder of GiantStep Founder & Chief Mentor at GiantStep (June 2014 to till date)- As the Chief Mentor GiantStep, He has successfully conducted and organized several Workshops, Training sessions and Faculty Development Programs (FDPs).. Workshops Training Faculty Development Programs (FDPs). Read More Explore Our Progams Workshop on Soft Skills for MBA Students Karnataka College of Management Faculty Development bhubaneswar International Seminar Seminar INSPIRING VIDEOS View More Our Journey 500 Happy Customers 100 Seminar / Workshop 100 Corporate Training 3 Written Book Our Clients Say!!! Prof. B. K. Gupta, a person of eminence in the field of academics who continues to contribute immensely for the development of wisdom. - Dr. K.C. Mishra, Director Sambhram School of Management Braj Kishor Gupta, the Chief Mentor at GiantStep, deserves plaudits for conducting a life enriching seminar on ‘Values, Ethics and Professionalism’ on 27th March March 2015.... - Lt Gen Anoop Malhotra Chief Controller R&D (R&M) I can say that, B.K. Gupta Sir is truly an epitome of knowledge and wisdom. Working under his guidance and learning through his leadership has been a great privilege and a golden opportunity for me and my friends of NCERT, RIE, Bhopal. Creating indigenous langauge content under his able guidance and assistance was truly one of the best experiences of my life so far. I'm humbled and grateful to Gupta Sir for all his efforts and role in shaping young minds like us. - Pratik It was a wonderful meeting with BK Gupta sir and the way he explained about the MM ( mistakes to miracle) it was memorable and knowledge moment for me. And the way he express his experience I was too amazed and every topic I have heard it properly and he is a kind person with all. I appreciate his efforts the way he explained the topics and made us realise our importance in life and we all have our duty and responsibility for the society and country and how we can contribute to the society. - Saurav pandey Quick Links Home About Us Programs Writer Content Developer Corporate Trainer Blog Contact Contact +91 9663071796 info@brajgupta.com Map © 2023 Braj Kishor Gupta, All Right Reserved | Designed By RCS Technology