Birla Metal & Alloys LLP +91-9391549139 PL NO 71/P, Survey No. 48 IDA, Kattedan, Rajendranagar, Hyderabad Home About Us Manufacturing Material Team Testimonials Careers Contact 3 Decades expertise & experience in this line of production has enabled us to establish a strong foot hold among our competitors in a successful manner and have been able to attain wide acclaim of client industries Our service Contact Us Eco-friendly Firm that takes cognizance of all the aspects of environmental hazards and take due care not to adversely affect the environment due to our manufacturing processes. Our service Contact Us Let’s Build Your Future Together Work with us Three Decades of Expertise and Experience Birla Metals and Alloys LLP is proficiently engaged in the manufacture and supply of a wide range of Lead Alloys and Oxides that are extensively made use of in storage batteries industries and allied manufacturing processes.We ensure best output with secure environment Health & Safety Technological Innovations Transparency Environmental Friendly Process Committed to provide high quality products We have deployed a team of quality controllers who ensure that the products adhere to set industrial standards. work with us We are best in the industry Our complete range is subjected to strict quality control measures by our team through the entire production process starting from Raw Materials Checking Manufacturing of Products Packaging Dispatch of Finished Goods We deal in manufacturing & Supply of Below Products Our Products Antimonial Lead Alloy Antimonial Lead Alloy is a lead alloy with antimony that improves its strength and hardness for use in batteries, ammunition, and industry. Lead Sub Oxide Lead suboxide, or grey oxide, is a grey powder used in the production of lead-acid batteries and other lead-based products, formed by the oxidation of lead. Selenium Lead Alloy Selenium Lead Alloy is a lead alloy that contains selenium, which improves the material's strength and resistance to corrosion Lead Antimony Master Alloy Lead antimony master alloy is used as a master alloy to improve mechanical properties in the production of lead-based products like batteries. Calcium Lead Alloy Calcium Lead Alloy is a type of lead alloy that contains calcium, which improves the material's strength and resistance to corrosion. Pure Lead 99.98% Pure Lead 99.98% is a high-quality, almost pure form of lead that is soft, dense, and widely used in various applications such as batteries, construction, and radiation shielding. Corporate office KATTEDAN, HYDERABAD BIRLA METALS & ALLOYS LLP (UNIT-I) KATTEDAN, HYDERABAD 0 Revenue in 2017 (Million) 0 Collaegues & Counting 0 Successfully Project 0 Year of experience Head Office PLOT NO 71/P SURVEY NO 48 IDA KATTEDAN NEAR KATTEDAN SUB STATION HYDERABAD TELANAGA-500077 Tel : +91-8179049139 Email : info@birlametalsandalloys.com Subscribe for latest newsletter Subscribe Now or Call Us : +91-8179049139 Leave this field empty if you're human: © 2024 Birla Metal & Alloys LLP. Designed by Enozi.in. All Right Reserved.