Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture Home About Programme Division Unit Staff Contact Kwara State University Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture Get Started Kwara State University Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture Get Started Kwara State University Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture Get Started About The Department MISSION/VISION STATEMENT The Mission of the department is to produce skilled and competent manpower and scholars, equipped with practical knowledge in Animal Production as a veritable tool for food sufficiency, income generation, and livelihood enhancement, as well as the provision of high-quality, healthy animal products and services for human benefit all over the country, and facilitate KWASU’S overall goal of being a World-Class University. Brief History of the Department The Department of Animal Production, Fisheries, and Aquaculture is one of the options in the broad-based Agricultural Programme in the Faculty of Agriculture. The department started with three academic staff in 2009 to train students in all aspects of Animal Production through basic, applied, and adaptive research in high-quality Animal food proteins such as meat, milk, and egg for food security. The teaching and research farm has a livestock section consisting of large and small ruminant animals, poultry, rabbitry, piggery, and fisheries to take the students through practical training. So far, eight sets have graduated from the department as professionals who work as labour and job creators in animal production. Currently, the department has eight academic staff in the 4 areas of Animal Science vis; Animal Nutrition, Animal Physiology, Animal Breeding and genetics, and Animal Processing and products who are engaged in teaching and research in the aforementioned specialisation areas. Programme HEAD OF DEPARTMENT'S WELCOME ADDRESS You are welcome to the Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Kwara State University, where we provide a unique opportunity to learn the theory and practice of producing high-quality animal protein. Once again, you are welcome. Prof. David Friday Apata Head of Department RESEARCH: Solid State Fermentation of non-conventional feedstuffs for enhanced pig production. Artificial Insemination of indigenous breeds of cattle to enhance meat production. Silage production for small ruminants. Phytobiotics feed additives to enhance fish production. ACHIEVEMENTS/MILESTONES/PLANS 1. Seven Institutional TetFund research grants won by the academic staff in the department. 2. Three academic staff in the department have gone for training outside the country in Dairy, Fisheries and Food security. 3. The department has produced the best overall student (Miss Comfort Yemi Folorunsho, First Class Honours) in the University in, the 2013/2014 academic session, Kaothar Bidemi Salau and Samiat Esther Adeleke in 2016/2017 and 2020/2021, respectively. DIVISIONS B. AGRIC (ANIMAL PRODUCTION) M.SC. ANIMAL PRODUCTION PH.D. ANIMAL PRODUCTION UNIT FISHERIES AND AQUACULTURE OUR STAFF Prof. David Friday Apata Head of Department Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture Email: david.apata@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-0803-851-2153 Prof. Dupe Olufunke Ogunbosoye A ruminant nutritionist Email:dupe.ogunbosoy@kwasu.edu.ng Olarinke Victoria Adeniyi Fisheries / Fish nutrition and utilization of natural feed additives Email:olarinke.adeniyi@kwasu.edu.ng Olusegun Michael Adesina Lecturer I Email:oluwasegun.adesina@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-803-381-8568 Olayinka Abosede Ojo Lecturer I/ Email:olayinka.ojo@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-806-422-1539 Hakeem Ishola Lecturer I Email:hakeem.ishola@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-0803-374-0086 Kaotharat Yusuf Oganija Lecturer II Email:kaotharat.oganija@kwasu.edu.ng Ridwan Olarewaju Imam Assistant Lecturer Email:ridwan.imam@kwasu.edu.ng Tel:+234-0701-822-2214 --> Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture, Faculty of Agriculture , Kwara State University, Malete. P.M.B. 1513, Ilorin Email: david.apata@kwasu.edu.ng . Head of Department, Department of Animal Production, Fisheries and Aquaculture Professor David Friday Apata Tel: +234-0803-851-2153 Email: david.apata@kwasu.edu.ng A ruminant nutritionist Dupe Olufunke Ogunbosoye Email: dupe.ogunbosoye@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Romawibet Rajavigor Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Bolaslot88 Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/