5th Meridian Group | Security & Support Services Skip to content MENU Secure & compliant Security and Support Services from Professionals FRONTLINE EXPERIENCE WITH INDUSTRY EXPERT OVERSIGHT The 5th Meridian Group is a veteran owned security and transportation service provider based in Missouri. Our staff brings decades of experience in areas ranging from public safety and military service to security technology, environmental engineering, and brand marketing. 5th Meridian Group’s extensive experience, combined with familiarity of state regulations, allows us to offer comprehensive solutions to help your facility succeed. About Us Our Services Comprehensive services to protect and support your facility Security OfficersPromote safety and deter unwelcome or unforeseen issues with the presence of trained security staff. We hire local security personnel experienced in public safety and familiar with the communities they serve. Our security guards will complement your facility’s culture and can be outfitted according to location and individual needs. Secure TransportationProtect your product and revenue while reducing internal liability with our secure transportation services. We provide reliable, on-time deliveries, utilizing our climate-controlled, GPS-tracked, and video monitored vehicles. Our transportation group is fully insured and state-compliant in offering secure transportation services. Security and Surveillance SystemsMonitor and safeguard activity in and around your facility with our customizable, state-of-the-art security systems. From low voltage wiring and security alarms to electronic-door access and surveillance systems, we can meet all of your facility’s on-site security technology needs. Facility SupportNeed help with additional aspects of your cannabis business? We offer a variety of other services aimed at ensuring your facility’s success. Services include Security Manager placement, employee training, construction and custom design, retail development, product marketing, and much more. Let'sWorkTogether 1) ContactReach out via phone or our contact form to get a meeting or conference call scheduled. 2) CollaborateWe'll discuss your facility's needs and the services we offer. 3) CustomizeOur team will customize a plan specifically for your facility and provide a quote for services. 4) ContractA contract will be drafted for the mutually agreed upon services. 5) CommitmentYou can count on 5th Meridian to keep your business protected and compliant with state standards through experience-based management and our commitment to excellence. Ready to take the first step? We’re excited to help take your business from idea to operation. Get in touch, and we’ll move forward together. Veteran Owned BusinessNAICS: 561612 & 561613 Our Services Security Officers Secure Transportation Security and Surveillance Systems Facility Support Veteran Employee Outreach Menu Security Officers Secure Transportation Security and Surveillance Systems Facility Support Veteran Employee Outreach Contact Us (866) 420-8646Michael T. Allen, CEOmallen@5thmeridiangroup.comAndrew Juden, COOajuden@5thmeridiangroup.com DUNS: 117246480UEID: KLZ9PE1SHT11SAM: C1NDGCBLBND5Cage: 9AG82 © 2023 5th Meridian Group • All Rights Reserved • Powered by PufCreativ Menu About Team Services Security Officers Secure Transportation Security and Surveillance Systems Facility Support Careers Veteran Employee Outreach Locations Contact