Bro. Dunne Skip to content Bro. Dunne Home About Us Who We Are History Our Team What We Do Articles Articles and Stories Downloadables Scholarships Events Intended for Youth Leadership Camp Search for: Home Announcements Read More Read More Read More About us The Scholarship Fund Drive will reach out to Ateneo de San Pablo Alumni, Family, Friends and organizations to mobilize an initial amount of FIVE MILLION PESOS (Php5,000,000.00) as endowment fund. The fund shall be used to support two (2) purposes: as a revolving Educational Loan Fund and as a Scholarship Fund... Learn More History Bro. James Dunne was born on November 11, 1935, a middle kid of three siblings. As a Jesuit he was assigned as Director of the Ateneo de San Pablo, known as Liceo de San Pablo today. He was an English and Religion instructor and was initially trained as a nurse which reflects who he is, a man with good and kind heart… ready to extend a helping hand to those in need… Read More Mission And Vision To Nurture the youth become humane, mindful of others, with love of country and Faith in God Read More Articles And Stories Hannah Mae Sidro Hannah is one good emblem of a high-spirited young mind who will never get hindered simply by lack. Aside from being the Top 6 of the class, she has been active in the extra-curricular activities in school... Read More Rejean Shanley Embestro As her father is a tricycle driver earning a monthly average income of P7,000.00, Rejean and her family lives a quiet, simple life in Brgy. Calihan, San Pablo City. Rejean, on the other hand, dreams big... Read More Michelle Mendoza Michelle is the first born of the two child of Mr. Michael and Ritchel Mendoza. Her father works as a tricycle driver while her mother works in Community General Hospital as a utility who is a minimum... Read More Bea Bhianca Flores Bea Bianca Flores is a 13-year old kid from Brgy. San Pedro, San Pablo City. She is the eldest of the 3 children of Mr. Reynaldo and Ms. Robina Flores. Her mother is a plain housewife while her father,... Read More Cristy Jane E. Genovana Inspiring hope, igniting imagination, and instilling love for learning through teaching is Cristy Jane’s dream. Cristy Jane E. Genovana is a 13-year old girl from Brgy. San Lorenzo, San Pablo City and... Read More Kaycee Banzuela Kaycee Banzuela is a 13-year old girl who dreams of becoming a lawyer someday. Young as she might be but she shows a kind and generous heart as she hopes to help others through this profession. She also... Read More Ramyliza Abiertas Ramyliza Abiertas is the eldest of the three child of Mr. Ramil and Rizalina Abiertas. Ramyliza’s parents has been partners in providing for the family as Nanay Riza initiates a sari-sari store in front... Read More Zechariah Ninna Flores Zechariah has always saluted her mother for being a single-mom. In return, she has been a consistent honor student graduating as Top 9 of their class. With two siblings residing with their grandmother... Read More Aryanna Maree Chavez With a mind of an 11-year old Aryanna lies a vast avenue of dreams and hopes fenced by a strong determination as she consistently achieves high in academics and becomes a responsible sister to her sibling. While... Read More Caren Titular Being the youngest child in the family, Caren has a gentle heart but a vigilant mind. She consistently belonged in the honor roll and graduated as Top 4 of the class. Nevertheless, she remains down-to-earth... Read More Scholars Bro. James Dunne was born on November 11, 1935, a middle kid of three siblings. As a Jesuit he was assigned as Director of the Ateneo de San Pablo, known as Liceo de San Pablo today. He was an English and Religion instructor and was initially trained as a nurse which reflects who he is, a man with good and kind heart… ready to extend a helping hand to those in need… Read More Ateneo de San Pablo's Batch '73 gears up for 50th anniversary celebration Ateneo de San Pablo (AdSP) Batch &#39;73 is set... READ MORE Hannah Mae Sidro Hannah is one good emblem of a high-spirited young... READ MORE Rejean Shanley Embestro As her father is a tricycle driver earning a monthly... READ MORE Michelle Mendoza Michelle is the first born of the two child of Mr.... READ MORE Bea Bhianca Flores Bea Bianca Flores is a 13-year old kid from Brgy. San... READ MORE Cristy Jane E. Genovana Inspiring hope, igniting imagination, and instilling... READ MORE Kaycee Banzuela Kaycee Banzuela is a 13-year old girl who dreams of... READ MORE Ramyliza Abiertas Ramyliza Abiertas is the eldest of the three child... READ MORE Zechariah Ninna Flores Zechariah has always saluted her mother for being a... READ MORE Aryanna Maree Chavez With a mind of an 11-year old Aryanna lies a vast avenue... READ MORE Ateneo de San Pablo's Batch '73 gears up for 50th anniversary celebration Ateneo de San Pablo (AdSP) Batch &#39;73 is set... READ MORE Hannah Mae Sidro Hannah is one good emblem of a high-spirited young... READ MORE Rejean Shanley Embestro As her father is a tricycle driver earning a monthly... READ MORE Michelle Mendoza Michelle is the first born of the two child of Mr.... READ MORE Bea Bhianca Flores Bea Bianca Flores is a 13-year old kid from Brgy. San... READ MORE Cristy Jane E. Genovana Inspiring hope, igniting imagination, and instilling... READ MORE Kaycee Banzuela Kaycee Banzuela is a 13-year old girl who dreams of... READ MORE Ramyliza Abiertas Ramyliza Abiertas is the eldest of the three child... READ MORE Zechariah Ninna Flores Zechariah has always saluted her mother for being a... READ MORE Aryanna Maree Chavez With a mind of an 11-year old Aryanna lies a vast avenue... READ MORE Ateneo de San Pablo's Batch '73 gears up for 50th anniversary celebration Ateneo de San Pablo (AdSP) Batch &#39;73 is set... READ MORE Hannah Mae Sidro Hannah is one good emblem of a high-spirited young... READ MORE Rejean Shanley Embestro As her father is a tricycle driver earning a monthly... READ MORE Michelle Mendoza Michelle is the first born of the two child of Mr.... READ MORE Bea Bhianca Flores Bea Bianca Flores is a 13-year old kid from Brgy. San... READ MORE Cristy Jane E. Genovana Inspiring hope, igniting imagination, and instilling... READ MORE Kaycee Banzuela Kaycee Banzuela is a 13-year old girl who dreams of... READ MORE Ramyliza Abiertas Ramyliza Abiertas is the eldest of the three child... READ MORE Zechariah Ninna Flores Zechariah has always saluted her mother for being a... READ MORE Aryanna Maree Chavez With a mind of an 11-year old Aryanna lies a vast avenue... READ MORE Ateneo de San Pablo's Batch '73 gears up for 50th anniversary celebration Ateneo de San Pablo (AdSP) Batch &#39;73 is set... READ MORE Hannah Mae Sidro Hannah is one good emblem of a high-spirited young... READ MORE Rejean Shanley Embestro As her father is a tricycle driver earning a monthly... READ MORE Michelle Mendoza Michelle is the first born of the two child of Mr.... READ MORE Bea Bhianca Flores Bea Bianca Flores is a 13-year old kid from Brgy. San... READ MORE Cristy Jane E. Genovana Inspiring hope, igniting imagination, and instilling... READ MORE Kaycee Banzuela Kaycee Banzuela is a 13-year old girl who dreams of... READ MORE Ramyliza Abiertas Ramyliza Abiertas is the eldest of the three child... READ MORE Zechariah Ninna Flores Zechariah has always saluted her mother for being a... READ MORE Aryanna Maree Chavez With a mind of an 11-year old Aryanna lies a vast avenue... READ MORE Events Youth Leadership Camp Sample Event Content READ MORE Independence Day Philippines Independence is celebrated as one of the major historical event for Filipinos READ MORE © 2024 | CARD-MRI PUBLISHING HOUSE, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED CREATED BY CARD MRI INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INC. bjd.scholarsassociation@gmail.com | Facebook Page