Home - Horizon Accountants - Geraldton WA Skip to content (08) 9921 1644 general@horizonca.com.au Level 1 - 14 Foreshore Dr, Geraldton WA 6530 Search Search Close this search box. Home About Us Meet the Team Services Business Tax & Financial Management Business Improvement Services Personal Tax & Financial Management Superannuation Corporate & Secretarial Latest News Contact Us Menu Home About Us Meet the Team Services Business Tax & Financial Management Business Improvement Services Personal Tax & Financial Management Superannuation Corporate & Secretarial Latest News Contact Us Client Portal Login A Positive Outlook for Your Business We are a professional and proactive team dedicated to getting results for our clients. Call us today on (08) 9921 1644 Horizon Accountants Welcome to Horizon Accountants GeraldtonWe strive to establish a good working relationship with all of our clients by offering a friendly, courteous approach in our dealings and by responding in a timely manner. We are accessible to our clients at all times and offer a high level of backup support. Our Service Areas At Horizon Accountants, we offer a wide range of accounting and financial management services for all of your business or personal requirements. Service Areas Business Tax Need assistance with your Business Tax and Financial Management? Business Improvement We offer a range of Business Improvement Services to keep you ahead of the competition. Personal Tax We can help with all of your personal tax and financial management requirements. Superannuation Need assistance with with SMSF compliance? The Horizon Accountants team can help. Our Team Kerry Amps Director Shane Dillon Director Meet the Team Client Testimonials “Shane and the team at Horizon Accountants have been a huge help to me over the years and I'd highly recommend Horizon. Shane is always available to answer any queries I have and quick to assist with any tax and financial management requirements for my business ” Andrew EastmanScoop Design "We have been with Horizon Accountants for over 10 years and have been extremely happy with the support and advice we have received along the way. The communication we have with Kerry is always prompt and super helpful, regardless of how curly the question is. As a business owner herself, Kerry ‘gets it’ and willingly guides us through the trials and tribulations that come with running a business, for which we are very grateful for." Mel & Phil SorgiovanniActivewest Real Estate "I have dealt with Horizon for over 16 years, and found Shane and the team completely professional in all aspects of my business, nothing is too much trouble. Any queries I may have are resolved without any hesitation. Knowing they are only a phone call away takes enormous pressure off one self in these ever changing times." Derek PolettiMansom Engineering "I have been using horizon since moving to Geraldton in 2014. My experiences have always been easy and positive. Sometimes during my career I was not always available to appear face to face and Shane and the team have always made the remote process so simple for me. I am always pleased with my final result and I very much enjoy the camaraderie when Horizon hosts their annual footy tipping. Thank you for a great experience, I highly recommended you." Daniel Badullovich "We have been dealing with Horizon for many years and have always found the service to be great. Shane has always been very accommodating with his time and service. Don’t know what we’d do without him. Our thanks to Shane and staff for their great service." Daniel & Evelyn Green "Shane has been our accountant for many years and has been very helpful with advice and very efficient with lodging tax returns for the businesses we have owned. As our retirement approached, Shane’s assistance in helping us wind up our businesses was invaluable and this enthusiastic help continues in our retirement. We can thoroughly recommend Shane and his team at Horizon Accountants to anyone seeking an honest, open and energetic accountancy firm." John and Janita Eckersley "We are incredibly grateful to have Shane and the team at Horizon Accountants working with us. They are highly professional, helpful and quick to assist with any accounting or financial queries we have. Nothing is ever too much trouble and we can’t recommend then highly enough." Kelly CrippsIndependent Rural Pty Ltd "We would highly recommend Shane and the team at Horizon Accountants. Shane has been extremely helpful when dealing with our tax affairs over the years and we can always ask him for help with anything. Brad & Kim Mailer Give meGeraldton Any day! Our practice has been operating in Geraldton for nearly 40 years. We’re passionate about helping business owners in Geraldton and the wider Mid West community and dedicated to supporting our thriving local community.We support a diverse range of clients, from sole operators right through to large scale primary producers. Get in touch today to find out how we can assist your business. Latest News 2021 FOOTY TIPPING!! Horizon Accountants August 27, 2021 Thank you to everyone who participated in the 2021 Horizon Accountants AFL Footy Tipping Competition, FBT 2021: What you need to know Horizon Accountants May 7, 2021 Is your business at risk of a nasty Fringe Benefits Tax surprise? We’ve outlined the Horizon Accountants Geraldton Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation Geraldton Office Level 1 - 14 Foreshore Dr, Geraldton WA 6530 (08) 9921 1644 (08) 9964 3106 general@horizonca.com.au Service Areas Home About Us Meet the Team Services Business Tax & Financial Management Business Improvement Services Personal Tax & Financial Management Superannuation Corporate & Secretarial Latest News Contact Us Home About Us Meet the Team Services Business Tax & Financial Management Business Improvement Services Personal Tax & Financial Management Superannuation Corporate & Secretarial Latest News Contact Us Latest News 2021 FOOTY TIPPING!! FBT 2021: What you need to know Job Vacancy – Taxation Accountant 4 ways to make deep work happen more often Ⓒ 2020 - Horizon Accountants - All Rights Are Reserved