Fathima Public School, Punalur - Home Menu Home About Us Awards & Honours Trust Chairman Principal Faculty Student's Council School Report Admission Admission Process Fee Payment Plan Online Admission Application Download Admission Form Academic House System Sports Hobby Club Extra Curricular Activites Celebrations Educational Tour Field Trips Community Services Environmental Activities Facilities Childrens Park Library ICT Special Education Needs Transport Video Gallery FPS Gate No. 2 Gallery Contact Vision To become one of the best schools under CBSE curriculum and remains... Mission "Quality education affordable to the society". Latest News 2024-25 Admission Opened Message - Trust Chairman Education without values makes man an intelligent devil. The goal of education is to enhance intelligence and to impart best values into a student. Child 90% of attitude is set at the age of 4. Then parents are the only teacher. Parents can build up or build down a childs attitude. Similarly about 90% of a child values are set at the age of 14. Parents, teachers and the society together can build up or build down the values in a student. True education starts when one understand oneself. This kind of proactive thinking and understanding can occur only when pupil embrace the root values. Values enable pupil to think ethically and positively. Fathima Public School imparts value based education to qualify the students fit for the society and hence to become an asset, rather than liability, fo Trust Chairman H. Ansarudeen. Read More About our school Fathima Public School (FPS) was established in the year 1999-2000 by the Fathima Educational and Charitable Trust at Punalur in Kollam District. FPS began to develop year by year from LKG Class since the inception year 1999 till date. Now the FPS is a Senior Secondary School with Minority Status. The school is situated in 3 acre campus within 200 meter from Punalur Railway Station and Punalur Kottarakkara highway road within 250 meter from the Punalur Private Bus Station. The school provides congenial atmosphere for sound education and healthy living. The aim of the school is to provide quality education to students at reasonable fees. The system of FPS conforms to achieve standards comparable to the best in India. FPS imparting quality education for the academic development as well as the personality enhancement of the students through value based education. In the academic field, the educational programme offers opportunities... Read More Parent Login Photo Gallery Downloads Application Form View More Copyright © 2024 Fathima Public School All right reserved. Designed by GJ Infotech (P) Ltd.