Home Page Do you need help?0797200093 The main of us, projects, projects, the exhibition products, called us closed from our company. The Giants Company for Aluminum was established in 2009.Read more, contact us, send all services, the works of the CapondHow much and your confidence in us.Contact us to support customers. We offer 24/7 hours to support our projects. All projects are completed under construction. Hawatmeh and Farhan, creators, Hawatmeh, and the two creators.Amer x Previoous Next Close, Tarish Mr. Sultan Deeb, Mr. Sultan Deeb × Previous Next Close, Hawatmeh and Farah Al -Maarabat, Hawatmeh and Farhan Al -Watadin × Previous Next ClosePrevious Next Close Terrace Mr. Sultan Deeb, Mr. Sultan Deeb × Previous Next Close Company Shansal Company × Previous Next Close, Anas and Asem Al -Ma’yata (Karak) Anas and Asem Al -Ma’yat (Karak) x Previous Next Close Academy Academy Educational Academy Academy of Education x Prev Ious NextClose Hakka Baz - Mother of the Ears of Hakka Baz - Mother Previoous Next Close See all recommendations, Dr. Shadi Al -Khatib Mashhallah ,,, very wonderful work, Mr. Abu Wissam, a wonderful group ,,, the most wonderful of great ,,, accuracy with dates ,,, Secretaries of the degree of sincerityHigh ,,, they have very high and artistic techniques and highly craftsmanship in the installation of Al -Shattal Housing Company very respectable ,,,, very clean work, Mr. Anas, wonderful work and more than wonderful 90 %hashim tirawi have excellent clips in insulation sound, heat, water smuggling and accessoriesExcellent and commitment to appointments and accuracy in implementing according to the correct technical methods Rasha Al-Ahmad, a distinguished service with its quality and efficiency, professionalism in work and his trust in dealing and accuracy in the appointments ibraham al-Silwane, God willingNEXT Main from We are Services Projects Call us the title of Bayaa Aqaba Street - Al -Zahra - Amman - Marca Al Shamalia Email info@giantsaluminium.com Phone number 0797200093 0788700093 All rights reserved © 2022 Gordon Code Company