SkillsDrill Academy – Building Cybersecurity Excellence Skip to content +234 8143946539 info@skills-drill.com Search for: Search for: Apply Now +234 8143946539 info@skills-drill.com Search for: Latest Posts Top 10 Cybersecurity Training Centers in Nigeria Jul 07, 2023 0 The Power of Cybersecurity Certification: Securing Your Future in the Digital World Jul 07, 2023 0 Emerging Trends in Cybersecurity: Safeguarding the Digital Frontier Jul 07, 2023 0 Blog Primary Menu Home About Courses Blog Contact Apply Now Your No1 Cyber Security Academy Skills drill is a leading cybersecurity training center that is dedicated to providing comprehensive and practical training to individuals and organizations looking to develop and enhance their cybersecurity skills. Apply Now Courses Unlock Your Cybersecurity Potential Our training programs are designed to equip participants with the knowledge and skills necessary to tackle the most complex cybersecurity challenges of today. Apply Now About Us Enhance Your Career in Cybersecurity with Skillsdrill At Skillsdrill, we understand the importance of staying ahead of the rapidly evolving cyber threats and we work tirelessly to ensure that our training programs are always up-to-date with the latest industry standards and best practices Apply Now Read more Programs Events Team Testimonials No Technical Background? Our live training sessions, led by industry experts from India providing interactive learning and hands-on experience through live projects got you covered. At Skillsdrill we are dedicated to providing in-demand skills and knowledge needed to succeed as a Certified Cybersecurity Analyst. Featured Courses Pick A Course to Get Started AISA Associate Information Systems Auditor (AISA) Know Details CRISC-ISACA Certified Risk and Information System Control (CRISC) Know Details CISM – ISACA Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) Know Details All Courses Our Focus We are committed to delivering high-quality cybersecurity training programs that are practical, relevant, and up-to-date with the latest industry standards and best practices. Apply Now Our Goal We are committed to empower thousands of professionals to transition into and advance their career in Cybersecurity, providing practical and job ready training. All Courses 285+ Finished Sessions 4352 Enrolled Learners 100% Satisfaction Rate Our Instructor Meet Our Expert Teachers Sripada Manasa Security+ | CySA+ | Cybersecurity Analyst Rahul Sharma CEI | MCT I RCT I CEH | CHFI I EDRP | CSA I HCNA I MCSE I CND I ECSA | Kali Subiya Amreen Cyber Security Analyst I Certified Ethical Hacker I Shamsher khan CompTIA Security+, CompTIA Pentest+, Docker, Redhat Linux, Unix Shell scripting Rahul Goyal Cyber Security Analyst I Certified Ethical Hacker I VAPT Expert | Bug bounty hunter I W Cyber/digital Forensics Analyst || Network Specialist Tarun Gupta | SOC Analyst | Threat Intel Researcher | Cyber Security Analyst I Testimonials What Our Students Say “I recently enrolled in Skillsdrill’s cybersecurity training program and I must say, it was one of the best decisions I have made for my career. The instructors were extremely knowledgeable and experienced, and their teaching approach was very practical and hands-on. The training program covered a wide range of topics and scenarios that are relevant to today’s cyber threats, and I was able to apply the skills I learned immediately in my job. Simon Bindra Student Enrolling in Skillsdrill’s cybersecurity training program was a game-changer for me. The hands-on approach and expert instructors made the learning experience engaging and practical. The program not only provided me with the knowledge and skills to tackle real-world cybersecurity challenges, but also boosted my confidence in my abilities. Thanks to Skillsdrill, I landed my dream job in the cybersecurity field and I am now equipped to protect organizations from evolving threats. Felicia P. Student Skillsdrill exceeded my expectations in every way. The instructors were not only knowledgeable but also passionate about cybersecurity, which made the classes truly engaging. The training material was comprehensive and up-to-date with the latest industry trends. I appreciated the practical exercises that allowed me to apply what I learned in a simulated environment. Skillsdrill’s program provided me with the foundation I needed to kickstart my career in cybersecurity, and I highly recommend it to anyone serious about entering this field Lilian Robert Student Skillsdrill exceeded my expectations in every way. The instructors were not only knowledgeable but also passionate about cybersecurity, which made the classes truly engaging. The training material was comprehensive and up-to-date with the latest industry trends. I appreciated the practical exercises that allowed me to apply what I learned in a simulated environment. Skillsdrill’s program provided me with the foundation I needed to kickstart my career in cybersecurity, and I highly recommend it to anyone serious about entering this field Dorcas Johnson BBS Student Contact us Get In Touch First Name *Email Address *Phone NumberMessage0 / 180Send Message Latest News Read Latest Updates View Updates Blog Emerging Trends in Cybersecurity: Safeguarding the Digital Frontierskills-drill.comJuly 13, 2023In today’s interconnected world, where cyber threats continue to evolve and grow in sophistication, staying ahead of potentia…Blog The Power of Cybersecurity Certification: Securing Your Future in the Digital Worldskills-drill.comJuly 13, 2023In today’s digital landscape, where cyber threats loom large, cybersecurity has become a critical aspect of personal and orga…Blog Top 10 Cybersecurity Training Centers in Nigeriaskills-drill.comJuly 13, 2023As cyber threats continue to rise globally, the importance of robust cybersecurity practices cannot be overstated. In Nigeria… Skillsdrill is a leading cybersecurity training center that is dedicated to providing comprehensive and practical training to individuals and organizations looking to develop and enhance their cybersecurity skills. Latest Posts Top 10 Cybersecurity Training Centers in Nigeria Jul 07, 2023 0 The Power of Cybersecurity Certification: Securing Your Future in the Digital World Jul 07, 2023 0 Contact Details 76 Ikot Ekpene Road, Uyo, Akwa Ibom, Nigeria +234 8143946539 +91 9988090849 info@skills-drill.com Gutener Theme by Keon Themes Terms & Conditions FAQs Privacy Policy WhatsApp us