Book the start -ups to quote how to get models of houses model 150 m2 Model 190 m2 Mediterranean 159 m2 Blog Master Plan Partners Sites 100% urbanized from 440 m2 in Talca See Master PlansCróneos to the WhatsAppvisitar Project Price UF5.2 M2 Excellent connectivity, microbarrios, multiple spaces ofGreen areas and underground electrical urbanization. It reserves the trails is an exclusive residential neighborhood developed with the highest quality standards, oriented for those who seek comfort and well thought out spaces.The project was developed to achieve a perfect integration of microbarrios, green areas and direct connectivity with the highest surplus value of the city. Descargar Catalog UF5.2 m2 Excellent connectivity, microbarrios, multiple spaces of green areas and underground electricity urbanization.The traces is an exclusive residential neighborhood developed with the highest quality standards, oriented for those who seek comfort and well thought out spaces.The project was developed to achieve a perfect integration of microbarrios, green areas and direct connectivity with the highest surplus value of the city.10.00 to 1:00 p.m. and from 2:00 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.Saturdays from 10.00 to 3:00 p.m.Saturdays from 10 am to 3 pm upper, exclusive and high standard: direct access from Av. Las traras. Microbarrios Dissecis located in the sector with the greatest surplus value in Talca, close to: supermarket. CHILDREN.BANCOS.FARMACIAS SERVICES.Model 150 M2 COVER MORE MODEL 190 M2 KNOW MORE MEDITERRANEA 159 M2 COOKING MORE LOCATED IN THE SECTOR WITH GREATER PLUSVALÍA OF THE CITY BLOG Why live in reserve the trails?5 reasons to invest in this new project the ideal place to grow as a family.This project has an access portal and is surrounded by green areas and games equipment ... Continue reading Copyright © 2021 Reserve the trails.All rights reserved. Images exhibited on the site are of an illustrative, referential nature, and do not constitute a representation of reality. DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT O3 COMMUNICATIONS COPYright © 2021 Reserve the trails. All the rights reserved. The images exhibited in the siteThey are illustrative, referential, and they do not constitute a representation of reality. DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT O3 PRIVACY PREMITRACY PREFERCY PREFERENCES Do you need help?Start conversation usually responds in a few minutes.Reserve the trails