The Society For Biblical Studies Login / Register My Account Home About Executive Director Our Mission is Socially Responsible Travel Faculty Board of Directors Board of Advisors In Memoriam Destinations Overview Israel, Palestine & Jordan Paul’s Journeys in Greece Paul’s Journeys in Turkey Egypt Italy England & Scotland Brazil Morocco Journeys Gold Select Journeys The Gold Standard Holy Land Tour Payments Program Areas Overview Biblical Studies & Archaeology Contemporary & Mission Studies Inter-Religious Studies Pastoral Studies Mission Fields Fact Finding, Witness & Advocacy Immersion Experiences Plant A Tree in Palestine Community The Forum The Scrapbook SBS Blog Newsletter FAQ Giving Contact Join Our Holy Land Tours Through Israel, Palestine and JordanExplore the land of Jesus on a unique & distinctive tour of the Holy Land.Learn MoreBrazil: The Bible and CultureExperience Brazil's natural beauty, enjoy its ethnic diversity, and engage the Bible and social responsibility.Learn MoreJoin A Biblical Tour In Greece To Learn About Paul's World And Mission Our journeys to Greece explore the cultural backgrounds of Paul's letters and illuminate their meaning for us today.Learn MoreDiscover Your Religious Heritage in England and ScotlandCome with us to England and Scotland for Catholic & Protestant pilgrimages, Methodist, Presbyterian, Congregationalist heritage tours, and to learn about the Reformation in England & Scotland.Learn MoreTour Morocco With Us: A Learning Adventure To Explore Interfaith Points of ContactOur distinctive Moroccan tours blend authentic interfaith conversation with enjoyment of exotic cultures and exquisite cuisine. Learn MoreEgypt: Experience Authentic Christian PilgrimageA biblical tour in Egypt explores Old and New Testament backgrounds, Christian Origins, and the encounter with Islam.Learn MoreOur Christian Tours To The Holy Land Blend Pilgrimage and Mission Contact The Society for Biblical Studies for a distinctive Christian pilgrimage in the Holy Land.Learn MoreItaly Is The Most Enjoyable Place To Learn About New Testament Backgrounds and MoreCultures across the centuries, cuisine, and the beauty of Italy augment our biblical pilgrimages. Learn MoreThe Desert Kingdom of Jordan: A Land of Wonder Impressive biblical sites, stunning beauty, Petra, & Wadi Rum await.Learn MorePilgrimage in Turkey: Stunning Archaeology, Paul's Journeys, Johannine Traditions, the Encounter With IslamContact The Society for Biblical Studies for a distinctive tour in Turkey today.Learn More Gold Select Journeys To The Holy Land & Beyond The Gold Standard Holy Land Journeys Destinations Israel, Palestine & Jordan Walk Where Jesus Walked & Where Jesus Is Walking Today In The Land of Jesus. Learn More Greece Join A Christian Pilgrimage & Follow Paul's Footsteps In Greece Learn More Egypt Visit Egypt With Us To Explore The Backgrounds Of The Old & New Testaments.Learn More Italy Experience Italy & Its Culture On A Unique Christian Pilgrimage. Learn More England and Scotland Religious Heritage Comes Alive On Our Pilgrimages In England and Scotland. Learn More Brazil Experience Brazil & Engage The Bible On An Exciting Cross Cultural Experience. Learn More Morocco Points of Contact Among the Abrahamic Faiths On A Pilgrimage Through Morocco. Learn More Turkey Paul's World, Johannine Traditions, & Biblical Backgrounds in Turkey. Learn More Blog Stay Current With Comments by The Society for Biblical Studies and Our Travelers. Israel’s War Against Gazans and the Appeal to Self Defense The Rev. Peter J. Miano4 March 2024 Almost no one regards the October 7 attack on Israel’s... Is Israel Engaged in Genocide in Palestine? An essay by Rabea Eghbariah for the Harvard Law Review, first published in The Nation (18 November... Paul and Empire By Dr. Stephen Pattee Every morning I work on Wordle, read my email, make coffee, and catch up... The Most Relevant Book of the Bible By Rev. Peter J. Miano Some call it inscrutable. Some consider it scary. Others sincerely want to... Click Here To Browse All Posts The Society for Biblical Studies 846 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 1a Arlington, Mass 02476 781.641.4453 sbsregistrar@sbsedu.org Sign Up For Our Mailing List Email Copyright © 2022 The Society For Biblical Studies • All Rights Reserved MENU Home About Executive Director Our Mission is Socially Responsible Travel Faculty Board of Directors Board of Advisors In Memoriam Destinations Overview Israel, Palestine & Jordan Paul’s Journeys in Greece Paul’s Journeys in Turkey Egypt Italy England & Scotland Brazil Morocco Journeys Gold Select Journeys The Gold Standard Holy Land Tour Payments Program Areas Overview Biblical Studies & Archaeology Contemporary & Mission Studies Inter-Religious Studies Pastoral Studies Mission Fields Fact Finding, Witness & Advocacy Immersion Experiences Plant A Tree in Palestine Community The Forum The Scrapbook SBS Blog Newsletter FAQ Giving Contact