Home - Adventure Centres Target Specialist Consultants Let the Adventure Begin... … let us partner with you to create your next experience. 01 / 07 MENU Adventure Centers, The New Theme Parks +971 50 535 7807 aleks@targetsolutions.ae Connect on Facebook Home About Us Services Climbing Walls – Indoor Climbing Walls – Outdoor Multifunctional Towers Bouldering Walls High Ropes Courses Zip Lines Playgrounds Design & Consultancy Operations Management Projects Latest News Contact Us Welcome to Target Consulting - Adventure Centers Target Consulting provides services to Educational Sector, Government and Private Organizations, Hospitality and Recreational Adventure centers. We Design, Construct and Operate indoor and outdoor recreational activity learning based structures such as Multi-functional Adventure Towers and Zip Line Parks, Climbing and Bouldering Centers, Ropes Course Adventure Parks, Kids Playgrounds and Recreational Obstacle Courses. We provide post construction Operational and Maintenance solutions with Inspection plan to optimize the use and life of your facility. Services - Climbing Walls, Zip Lines, Bouldering Walls, Multi-Function Towers, High Ropes Courses and Playgrounds. We cover both indoor and outdoor consultancy, project management and construction services. GET IN TOUCH Partners May 11 Quick Jump/ Fan Descender, UK 2016 Inspection and installation of Quick Jump/ Fan Descender, UK 2016. December 11 Target Feature in 360 Magazine – Bulgaria Our Managing Director, Aleksandar Ovcharov was recently interviewed about our work and … June 12 Kurdistan Zip-line goes live! We are proud to have been part of the team to install … More News October 27 2018 Activity Climbing Tower with Zip Line Adventure Centers, the new Amusement Parks+971 50 535 7807aleks@targetsolutions.ae ServicesHigh Ropes Courses Bouldering Walls Multi-Functional Towers Climbing Walls – Indoor Climbing Walls – Outdoor Zip Lines Playgrounds Design & Consultancy Operations Management CompanyAbout Us Contact Us Latest News Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Back to top Design by REiNVENT Copyright © 2019 : All Rights Reserved