Alumni Relations Home About Programme Staff Contact Kwara State University Alumni Relations Get Started Kwara State University Alumni Relations Get Started About Our Unit Brief History Of The Unit The Alumni Relations Unit was established in 2013 and was headed by Dr. Hauwah K. K. AbdulKareem (nee Kamaluddeen), former Assistant Registrar. She served as the Coordinator of the Office alongside two other supporting Staff. The team was actively involved in cementing a veritable and healthy relationship between the alumni and the university. The Unit is now being headed by a Director, Abdulrazaq Sanni. Mission/Vision Statement Mission: To be the fulcrum of a knowledge-driven society, building human competence and fostering determination and competition among people through the instrumentality of modern technology. Vision: To be foremost in expanding the frontiers of knowledge and be most innovative in disseminating knowledge towards advancing the cause of humanity. Our Programmes Alumni President's Welcome Address It gives me great pleasure to welcome our esteemed alumni. You will agree with me that Kwara State University (KWASU) is an enigma among its peers. It is a beautiful university; a fulcrum of knowledge and character that is steadily threading the path of becoming a world-class university. As a relatively nascent institution, it is equally ready to positively dare. This is the culmination of an enormous collective effort of its founding fathers in their quest to provide a world-class university for our citizens. Since 2009, KWASU has enjoyed an uninterrupted academic calendar. It has moulded characters and forged individuals with fantastic academic records that have made our alumni compete favourably in the labour market and contribute their quota to socio-economic developments, both locally and internationally. Alumni Relations – President Programmes/Activities Activities include the following: Establishing and ensuring the sustainability of a lifelong relationship between alumni. Facilitating two-way communication between KWASU and its alumni. Promoting KWASU to potential students. Establishing and promoting a powerful alumni voice through publications and other enlightenment programmes. Ensuring promotion and propagation of the image and reputation of the university in the eyes of the public. Creating and ensuring the sustenance of a network of credible volunteers. Serving as a fundraising prospect by providing a veritable platform for Alumni to operate and/or cooperate with the Advancement and Linkages Unit. Providing a basis for feedback and counsel for the alumni. Providing a basis as a resource pool or reference point for staff recruitment either directly or indirectly. KWASU Anthem KWASU, our great institution The citadel of learning In Malete With skills, innovation and integrity We will expand the frontiers of knowledge In harmony, we shall attain the peak of scholarship Lighting up the world with your legacies KWASU, our Alma Mater We shall build a world-class Kwara State University With determination we shall learn Through aspiration and inspiration We will be empowered Developing our community and Advancing humanity KWASU, KWASU x2 Your seed shall ever sing your praise x2 Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Alumni Relations, Kwara State University, Malete. President: Alumni Relations © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot Bolaslot88 Akun Pro Platinum Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/