The Supreme Court | Government of Jamaica | Supreme Court Home Contact Us Common Errors on Divorce Applications Judgments News In Brief gov.jm COURT LISTS STRATEGIC PLAN PRACTICE DIRECTIONS CAD JUDGMENTS F A Q Latest Updates: Practice Direction No 1 of 2023 - Form of Medical Report Practice Direction No 8 of 2022 Conduct of Proceedings Home Circuit Superior Criminal Courts of Trial (Michaelmas Term) Practice Direction No 7 of 2022 Conduct of Proceedings Rural Circuit Superior Criminal Courts of Trial (Michaelmas Term) About The CourtChief Justices Current Judges How to Find us Jurisdiction Mission Statement Protocol for addressing Judicial Officers Criminal Bench Book Judicial Conduct Guidelines Laws of Jamaica Judicial System Rules of Court Court Listings Customer Service Charter Court Forms Circuit Court TermsCircuit Court Fixtures - 2024 Circuit Court Fixtures 2025 Circuit Court Fixtures 2026 Circuit Court Fixtures 2027 Judgments StatisticsStatistical Reports Published Journal Articles and Books Special Charts Jury Service Library Career Terms of Use Committal Proceedings Criminal Case Management THE JUDICATURE (SUPREME COURT) ACT Jamaica Sentencing Guidelines Media Protocol MediaNews In Brief Public Education Reports Welcome to the Supreme Court of Jamaica Welcome to the website of the Supreme Court of Jamaica. The purpose of this website is to provide visitors with information about the Supreme and Parish Courts and to provide an interface for accessing information on the procedures and daily activities at the Supreme Court. Our Courts play an essential role in protecting our constitutional rights to equal and due process under the law. Both criminal and civil courts provide the opportunity for the parties to have their cases heard by neutral judges and/or juries. This process ensures that all cases are decided in a fair and consistent manner. Based on the role of the Court, it is fair to say that Courts are at the nucleus of the justice system. Therefore a healthy Court system is important to a healthy justice system. A strong and independent judiciary is at the core of democracy. It has been said that if you want to measure the level of freedom in any country, the first thing to be determined is whether that nation’s Judiciary is truly independent, from other branches of government and from all other influences of power, because ultimately a free society depends upon a judiciary that is loyal only to the law. Our Judiciary is committed to performing their role skillfully and impartially. We hope that you will find this site to be user friendly and the information useful. We invite your comments as to the usefulness of the information provided as well as your ideas for other content to be posted. Finally, please help us provide a quality product by letting us know if you encounter any difficulties while navigating through the site or otherwise." Search Search Covid-19 Emergency Matters Phrase Search Matrimonial Proceedings Practice Directions Common Errors - Divorce Applications Common Errors - Probate Applications Customer Service Strategic Plan More About the Court Government Useful Links Media Rules of Court Jamaica Gazette Caribbean Court of Justice - CCJ News Room Laws of Jamaica Jamaica Parliament CommonLII Public Education How to Find Us Government Links (JIS) Judicial Committee - Privy Council Gallery Ministry of Justice Newsletters Director of Public Prosecutions Home | Contact Us | Site Map Copyright © 2013. All Rights Reserved. Developed by the Information and Communication Technology Division of the Court Administration Division.