About NY Forensic Polygraph, LLC Our firm provides comprehensive, affordable and guaranteed polygraph exams (lie detector or lie detection tests) for a variety of purposes to a wide range of sectors or organizations, professionals and private clients in the following sectors: Law enforcement- Employment Screening, Post-Conviction Sex Offenders, Domestic Violence) Lawyers, Court- Pre & Post Sentence Polygraph, Civil & Criminal Cases Corporate or businesses world- Theft, Partner Honesty, Specific Loss, Monitoring Polygraphs Clinical settings- All type of addictions, Drug Use, Porn, Gambling, Sex Offenses, Domestic Violence Sports events- Game Honesty, Professional Sporting Events Private sector- Suspicion of Infidelity, Addictions, Sex Offenses, Child Neglection, etc. We use the latest state of the art testing equipment, computerized and portable; therefore, testing can be performed at our offices (preferably) or at your location. NY Forensic Polygraph, LLC is bonded, insured and is a registered New York State Corporation. All polygraph examinations, with the exception of Post-Conviction Sex Offenders cases, are 100% confidential. About The Examiner Testing are performed by Ms. Marcella Perez, M.A. founder of CIFP, who has a Master's Degree in Forensic Psychology from John Jay College of the Criminal Justice System of the City University of New York and has completed her internship with Domestic Violence Aggressors and Sex Offenders. In addition, in the year 2004 she become an Expert Certified Forensic Psychophysiologist, Polygraph Examiner or Polygraphist under the tutelage of the Internationally recognized expert Nathan J. Gordon, director of the Academy for Scientific Investigative Training an accredited Top Polygraph School in the United States; certified through the American Polygraph Association, the American Association of Police Polygraphists and the International Society of Polygraph Examiners. Ms. Perez, is highly trained, qualified and certified. She possesses seven (8) Certifications, which six (7) are Advanced Certifications on Polygraph, Countermeasures and Post-conviction of Sex Offenses & Domestic Violence Aggressors. She receives advance training to keep updated in the profession and operates with integrity, professionalism and provides accurate results, a combination that cannot be beat. Note: Polygraphists should have a minimum educational level of four (4) year college degree from an accredited university and preferable this degree should be in science, such a psychology, forensic psychology, criminology or criminal justice or alike. Furthermore, to conduct a polygraph related to sex offense, the examiner must to be certified as such. Only an examiner who has such certification will conduct a reliable exam in such field CONTACT US If you have any questions regarding our services, please contact us by calling (917) 854-1010 or by completing this form. We look forward to assisting you in your polygraph needs. Your name Your email Subject Your message