Agile Masters Skip to Main Content About Us Why Agile Agile Methodologies Open For Organizations Mega Menu Scrum Kanban Crystal Lean Development Dynamic Systems Development Method Extreme Programming Feature Driven Development (FDD) Adaptive Software Development (ASD) View More Courses See all Courses Introduction to Agile This offers respective groups and teams intending to learn and apply the Scrum framework in their projects or organizations...READ MORE Scaled Scrum Master Certified The SSM course empowers participants to coach Agile teams in delivering business value on a larger scale. This comprehensive...READ MORE Scrum Developer Certified This course is aimed at programmers, software developers, testers, architects, designers, and other technical ...READ MORE Product Owner Certified This course is designed to provide individuals with the knowledge and skills necessary to effectively execute roles...READ MORE Agile Master Certified This course is designed to provide individuals with the knowledge and skills necessary to effectively execute roles ... READ MORE Agile Prospect More Info Need Help? Do you have questions about Agile Masters, it's Trainings and Certification Programs or Continuous Learning Platform? Get more information here. Privacy Policies Terms & Conditions Login Sign up Subscribe Now Gain access to our various Agile Masters Programs Today! Agile Masters Courses Introduction to Agile Scrum Master Certified Scrum Developer Certified Product Owner Certified SAFe Scrum Master Certified Product Owner Certified Agile Masters Certified Leading SAFe SAFe for Government Agile Product Management About us Why Agile Agile Methodologies Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agile Prospect Institution/organizations Corporate sponsors Internship Corporate Reps Login Sign up Explore and take advantage of Agile Masters online opportunities with diverse professionals Expand your skills and receive daily corporate support as you join our community of existing and intending Agile Professionals Explore Support Now Your browser does not support the video tag. See Agile applicable in different sectors Media Legal Government Business Information/Technology Finance/Accounting Defense Hospitality Medical Join the Agile Masters Community Connecting the world's intending and existing Agile professionals towards much more productive careers! Certification Agile Masters Training & Certification Program gets potential Agile experts informed with skills to best manage the ever-evolving corporate world by positioning them for true success. These participants get self-organized through implementing diverse experiential learning projects with ease of Agile practices, which gets them outstanding in their individual fields. Enroll on any of the available Agile Masters Online Training & Certification Programs and activate full access to Comprehensive training course materials and scheduled online class sessions that work best for you with the experienced Agile Professional Instructors. Enroll Now Continuous Learning Program AGILE MASTERS Continuous Learning Program offers an interactive environment that gives participants 24/7 access to live coaching and support for highly skilled Agile professionals to continually sharpen skills, increase productivity and get answers to become better workplace teams or individuals on diverse projects. Access distinct professional support by either enrolling on any of the available training programs or subscribe only to the Continuous Learning Program to gain unlimited access to the Instructor's research materials, Interactive live sessions and unending network of the Agile Masters Expert Community. Subscribe Now Agile Prospect Promoting professional profiles to prospective employers, recruiters, and connecting with esteemed Agile Professionals for unending prospective jobs/internships/prolific opportunities has never been better found on one robust network. AGILE MASTERS Prospect as a professional networking and career development platform SOLELY for Agile Experts, breeds a community that continually support individual career growth in different concerns, while connecting prospective employers/ recruiters/ human resource with streamlined professional need, based on qualifications, experiences, and corporate structure within the Agile Prospect community. Join Now Agile Certification Training Be Agile Savvy with the right professional body to become imperative for true success. Get skillfully organized to implement diverse formal/informal projects and highly employable in various sectors of the economy. Enroll Now Agile Discourse Platform In facilitating delivering of just-in-time quality value to any project, Agile Masters proffers an interactive platform to continually sharpen skills, increase productivity and get professional answers to bud better teams and individuals at respective corporate setups. Subscribe Now Agile Prospect As an added value for signing up to the Certification and/or Continuous Learning Discourse Program, AGILE MASTERS specially designed a professional networking and career development online service for SOLELY Agile Experts to continuously promote profiles, and connect with prospective employers, recruiters, and esteemed Agile Professionals. Join Now Opportunity AGILE MASTERS offers an interactive platform that continually sharpens professional skills, increases productivity, avail openings for practical experiences and buds better leaders. It also enables corporations access to cut down the hassle of filtering through unnecessary applications as their need of these professionals arises. Program Registration Payment Options Instant Payment. Installment Payment. Private Study Loans. Sponsorship/Scholarship. Enroll Now Internship As the number of graduates increase overtime, so has the number of applicants vying for the same positions. This leaves organizations often with the struggle of recruiting mainly applicants with practical experience to satisfy the job requirements for specific roles. Agile Masters avails opportunities for potential experts seeking careers as Scrum Masters, Product Owners or Dev. Team Members to apply for Internship programs where practical knowledge in the practices and principles of Agile methods are applied at all levels. Read more Corporate Sponsors A scholar once said if we think education is expensive, we should try ignorance… a ripple effect that in-turn connects us all as a community, nation and even the world at large. AGILE MASTERS offers potential Agile professionals with opportunities to alternative funding options that includes strategic sponsorship partners devoting Corporate Social Responsibility funding to support graduands of diverse colleges & universities to be duly skilled and to effectively participate in the ongoing Agile Transformation Drive. Read more Institution/Organizations In respect to trend of the Agile transformation drive, and institutions availing graduands prospects of becoming Agile Savvy, opportunities through the Agile Masters resources proffers endless benefits to both the graduands, institutions and teams in the ever-evolving corporate world. Agile Masters encourages diverse Groups, Associations, Institutions and/or Organization to enroll their networks with commendable faction discounts to enhance all round as the program gets endorsed. Read more What sets Agile Masters apart? Quality Product Agile Masters helps in facilitating just-in-time quality value to any project. Agile Masters proffers an interactive Continuous Learning and Certification Program that persistently sharpen skills, increase productivity and get professional answers to bud better teams and individuals. Business Value Agile Masters focuses on delivering strategic business value by involving the respective business stakeholders on any development. Agile Masters also, facilitates Institutions and Organizations with commendable discounts as they subscribe their group or teams into the AGILE MASTERS Program. Customer’s Satisfaction Agile Masters delivers customer satisfaction by delivering practical product features and functionality that offer value to our registrants. Agile Masters keeps all registrants happy and satisfied by always involving them in every decision-making process, which had led to greater customer retention. Learn More about Agile Masters Need More Information? Thinking about a change in career…? We can help! Request More Info Top FAQs from Discuss Platform What is Agile? +– AGILE as a mindset, is an iterative approach revolutionizing how businesses, institutions, companies and individuals manage operations or projects to best accomplish results; a collection of practices that modern organizations/individuals adopts in making top-notch decisions to deliver ‘just-in-time’ quality value, incrementally. Are Agile Masters certifications recognised globally? +– AGILE MASTERS Certifications acquired are recognized by global accredited institutes for Agile-Scrum framework with SAFe workflow practices by the world’s most trusted system for Business Agility i.e., VMEdu Inc. | Scaled Agile Inc. Participants acquire these accreditations, as they complete study of the educative materials and pass the proctored professional online exams. How do I enroll in a course? +– All courses on the Agile Masters platform vary slightly from program to program. You can apply and enroll for certified courses here If you are new to Agile Masters, you will be required to set up an account before participating in these programs. No special documentation is required. All applicants must be committed to learning and have the ability to easily connect with intending and certified Agile Professionals. Follow the sign up procedure in enrolling for a program while we avail you of various means of making payments so that you can start your intended program immediately. What is the Agile Masters Internship program about? +– AGILE MASTERS Internship Program offers remote, practical training opportunities for aspiring Agile experts seeking roles as Scrum Masters, Product Owners, or Development Team Members. AGILE MASTERS INC. An online [real-time] and physical [exceptional] interactive training and certification learning support service e-institute, Designed towards improving Career Prospects and Corporate Productivity for both intending and existing Agile Practitioners & Professionals.Know More Quick links Why Agile Agile Prospect Privacy Policy Terms of Service Our Instructors Courses Feedback Sign Up Institution/Organizations Become Agile Certified Continous Learning Platform Corporate Reps Instructors Corporate Sponsors Internship Contact us support@agilemasters.org © 2023 AGILE MASTERS INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED