Study Abroad- Study abroad Consultants, Free Counselling Request Call Back Institute Events Book Appointment Contact Us Institute Webinars Book Appointment +91-11-68175000 Contact Us Study Abroad Admission Help Scholarship EduProtect EduclubTV Accommodation Request a call back Study Abroad Admission Help Scholarship EduProtect EduclubTV Accommodation Institute Webinars Career Contact Us Mapmystudy - Overseas Education & Best Study Visa consultant in India Ready.. Steady.. Map Your Study Current Qualification +2 / High School Undergraduate Postgraduate Grading System Select Score Map Now Book Appointment Free Overseas Education counseling EduprotectSecure Your Admission Our Space your Story...Post your Review Post Now Fast TrackYour Application Popular Overseas Institutions Australia New Zealand Singapore United Kingdom United States Canada The University of Western Australia (UWA) The University of Western Australia (UWA) is a public research university in the Australian state of Western Australia. ...Read More Monash University Monash University is one of Australia's leading universities and ranks among the world's top 100. It is a public researc...Read More UNSW Sydney UNSW Sydney, a Powerhouse of Cutting-Edge Research & Teaching in the Asia-Pacific. It is an Australian public research u...Read More Deakin University Deakin is a multi-award winning university with an international focus. They are young and innovative, offering excellen...Read More Southern Institute of Technology The Southern Institute of Technology (SIT) is one of 20 government polytechnics and institutes of technology offering te...Read More Manukau Institute of Technology Manukau Institute of Technology is a leader in technical and vocational education, delivering a range of academic qualif...Read More UNITEC Institute of Technology Unitec Institute of Technology is the largest institute of technology in Auckland, New Zealand with over 23,800 students...Read More University of Otago The University of Otago in Dunedin is New Zealand's oldest university. It had over 21,000 students enrolled during ...Read More Nanyang Technological University, Singapore (NTU) The Nanyang Technological University, Singapore (NTU) is the second oldest public autonomous research university in Sing...Read More National University of Singapore (NUS) The National University of Singapore (NUS) is a public research university in Singapore. It is consistently ranked withi...Read More Amity Global Business School - Singapore AGBS understands that the values and culture which will form the foundation and set the direction in which the instituti...Read More City University London City, University of London is a public research university in London, United Kingdom and has been a constituent college ...Read More Middlesex University A progressive London university that puts our students first. We are proud to provide expert teaching that is informed b...Read More Liverpool John Moores University Liverpool John Moores University is a public research university in the city of Liverpool, England. The university can t...Read More London School of Commerce London School of Commerce is an associate college of the University of Wales Trinity Saint David, (UWTSD). London School...Read More The University at Albany The University at Albany is the premier public research university in New York's Capital Region and offers more than 17,...Read More Arizona State University Arizona State University in Tempe, AZ is a public research university ranked #1 in the U.S. for innovation, dedicated to...Read More University of Cincinnati The University of Cincinnati, founded in 1819, offers success by providing a balance of academic excellence, real-world ...Read More Northern Arizona University Northern Arizona University is a public comprehensive university located in San Jose, California, in Silicon Valley. SJ...Read More University of Regina The University of Regina is a public research university located in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. The University of Regi...Read More Lakehead University Lakehead University is a public research university with campuses in Thunder Bay and Orillia, Ontario, Canada. It has un...Read More University of Windsor The University of Windsor is a public comprehensive and research university in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. It is Canada's ...Read More University of Fraser Valley The University of the Fraser Valley, formerly known as University College of the Fraser Valley and Fraser Valley College...Read More VIEW ALL Study At Your Dream College Study at your Dream College. Mapmystudy launches for the 1st time in India your own college admission prediction and online application plan. Get expert advice and support. Choose from 25 countries, 2000+ Colleges... Read More Interview With The Principal of Bal Bharati Public School Ludhiana In this video on EduClubTV, watch Mr Ashish Sawhney, Principal of Bal Bharati Public School Ludhiana in an Online Inter....Read More Masters in Architecture in Australia: Discover the Best Architecture Colleges Students who pursue a Master of Architecture degree in Australia may benefit from a distinctive and fascinating educatio.....Read More VIEW ALL Our Students Admitted in What International Education Aspirants Think About UsEverything that can be said, can be said Sahil(State University of New York, Buffalo) Dhruv Kapoor(Georgia Insitute of Technology, Atlanta) Sumeer(Coquitlam College, Canada) Bhavna(TAFE NSW, Australia) Kunal Chugh(Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Australia) Kunal Singla(University of Fraser Valley) Nishtha Tandan(University of New South Wales, Sydney) Divij Sachdev(University of New South Wales, Sydney) Chanakya(Australia) Some Facts About Us 2500+ Institutions to choose from 25+ StudyDestinations 20K+ Courses to Select from 50K+ Strong Alumni Network 1 Million+ Counselling Sessions Conducted Study Overseas Events And Webinars Institute Events Mar-24 06 10:30:AM Southern Cross University Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of Southern Cross University, Australia at our Dhaka office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now Mar-24 06 12:30:PM B.H.M.S Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of B.H.M.S, Switzerland at our Colombo office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now Mar-24 07 04:00:PM UTS College Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of UTS College, Australia at our Hyderabad Kukatpally office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now Mar-24 11 02:00:PM Middlesex University Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of Middlesex University, UK at our Colombo office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now Mar-24 13 11:00:AM Global University Systems (GUS) Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of Global University Systems (GUS), Canada at our Chandigarh office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now Mar-24 13 01:00:PM Kwantlen Polytechnic University Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of Kwantlen Polytechnic University, Canada at our Colombo office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now Mar-24 13 10:00:AM Murdoch University Dubai Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of Murdoch University, Dubai at our Vasant Kunj office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now Mar-24 13 10:30:AM University of North Texas Meet 1-on-1 with the representative of University of North Texas, USA at our Vasant Kunj office and get answers to all your queries. Register Now View More Previous Event Know Your Test Graduate Record Examination Graduate ManagementAdmission Test Scholastic Aptitude Test & more Ready to go Jump Start Your Career Understanding benefits ofStudying Abroad Boarding Mantra Student Finance Main Financial Components Supplementary Costs Scholarship Hot Seat Accommodation Temporary Accommodation Host Family stay Private Accommodation ON YOUR MARKS.. GET READY TO MAP YOUR STUDY. MAP MY STUDY is a leading Overseas Education consultant. We've been in the industry for close to 20 years and know how to help you realise your dream of studying abroad. As your go-to Study Visa Consultant in Delhi, India, our array of services, experienced staff and industry grip ensures that your international future is positive and fulfilling. Read More Course guidance Visa application support Departures made easy Free study abroad counselling Overseas Student Health Cover MAP MY STUDY Student Benefit Card MAP MY STUDY Helpline Accommodation Services Guardianship services Ask MAP MY STUDY Course guidance Visa application support Departures made easy Free study abroad counselling Overseas Student Health Cover MAP MY STUDY Student Benefit Card MAP MY STUDY Helpline Accommodation Services Guardianship services Ask MAP MY STUDY Course guidance With so many exciting courses and world-class universities to choose from, deciding where and what to study abroad can be a daunting task. Many universities also offer individual scholarships. Here's how we as Study Visa Consultants in India, can help you find a course that suits your career goals! Visa application support MAP MY STUDY, your Overseas Education Consultant in Delhi, will guide you through the application process and help you prepare the right documents for your visa submission. Departures made easy Get off the plane feeling confident and ready for the adventures ahead with our pre-departure support. Let your Study Visa Consultants in Delhi, India get you study ready! Free study abroad counselling Our counsellors are international education specialists who are ready to do whatever it takes to help you find the right course and country. All sessions are free with the Best Overseas Education consultant in India! Overseas Student Health Cover OSHC is compulsory if you study in Australia. Your Study Visa Consultants will ensure you’re protected with the right health cover. MAP MY STUDY Student Benefit Card Unlock exciting discounts with many companies across Australia, Canada, New Zealand, UK and USA. Rely on your Overseas Education Consultant for more advantages. MAP MY STUDY Helpline Questions and concerns may sometimes be confidential so your Best Overseas Education Consultant in India has created the MAP MY STUDY Helpline - a dedicated, round-the-clock service. Accommodation Services Moving abroad? Your Study Visa Consultants in India we, will help you select a home that best suits your budget and lifestyle. Guardianship services If you are under 18, and need a legal guardian, rest assured we, your Study Visa Consultants, can help you find a caring guardian abroad. Ask MAP MY STUDY We're leaders. We're Study Visa Consultants based in Delhi, India. Find out why we are the best at what we do. Listen to what other students have to say about their experiences abroad. Select from the best For your convenience, we've listed out the best options among universities. Just click and browse below with Study Visa Consultants' Services. Most Popular Institutions in USA, Most Popular Institutions in Australia, Most Popular Institutions in UK , Most Popular Institutions in Canada. Course guidance With so many exciting courses and world-class universities to choose from, deciding where and what to study abroad can be a daunting task. Many universities also offer individual scholarships. Here's how we as Study Visa Consultants in India, can help you find a course that suits your career goals! Visa application support MAP MY STUDY, your Overseas Education Consultant in Delhi, will guide you through the application process and help you prepare the right documents for your visa submission. Departures made easy Get off the plane feeling confident and ready for the adventures ahead with our pre-departure support. Let your Study Visa Consultants in Delhi, India get you study ready! Free study abroad counselling Our counsellors are international education specialists who are ready to do whatever it takes to help you find the right course and country. All sessions are free with the Best Overseas Education consultant in India! Overseas Student Health Cover OSHC is compulsory if you study in Australia. Your Study Visa Consultants will ensure you’re protected with the right health cover. MAP MY STUDY Student Benefit Card Unlock exciting discounts with many companies across Australia, Canada, New Zealand, UK and USA. Rely on your Overseas Education Consultant for more advantages. MAP MY STUDY Helpline Questions and concerns may sometimes be confidential so your Best Overseas Education Consultant in India has created the MAP MY STUDY Helpline - a dedicated, round-the-clock service. Accommodation Services Moving abroad? Your Study Visa Consultants in India we, will help you select a home that best suits your budget and lifestyle. Guardianship services If you are under 18, and need a legal guardian, rest assured we, your Study Visa Consultants, can help you find a caring guardian abroad. Ask MAP MY STUDY We're leaders. We're Study Visa Consultants based in Delhi, India. Find out why we are the best at what we do. Listen to what other students have to say about their experiences abroad. Select from the best For your convenience, we've listed out the best options among universities. Just click and browse below with Study Visa Consultants' Services. Most Popular Institutions in USA, Most Popular Institutions in Australia, Most Popular Institutions in UK , Most Popular Institutions in Canada. Study At Your Dream College Skip the video Foreign Education Study in Australia Study in Canada Study in Czech Republic Study in Denmark Study in Germany Study in Hungary Study in India Study in Ireland Study in Netherlands Study in New Zealand Study in Singapore Study in Spain Study in Switzerland Study in United Kingdom Study in United States Study Courses Animation Architecture Arts & Humanities Aviation Banking and Finance Business Management Dance/Drama/Acting Engineering Fashion/Interior Design Healthcare Management Information Technology Law Media and Journalism Science Sports Travel and Hospitality Explore With Us Study Connect Scholarship Study Tour Ready to Go Student Finance Success Stories Career Explore Educlubtv Educlubtv Study Abroad Latest News Blog Masters in Architecture in Australia: Discover the Best Architecture Colleges Study Abroad: Exploring Career Opportunities in Aerospace Engineering Study in USA: What factors contribute to the United States maintaining its status as a top choice for MBA aspirants? Study in the UK: What Makes Studying Artificial Intelligence in the UK a Gateway to Improved Career Opportunities? Study in Australia: Things you need to know about Studying in Australia as an International Student Study Abroad: 10 benefits of How Studying Abroad helps your career? See all About us Faqs Privacy Policy Terms of Service We'r Hiring Resources Academy Review Contact Us © 2006-2024 mapmystudy.com, All rights reserved.