Yitianxing Zhifun.com -Scientific Logic.Don't be mysterious.Effective improvement Teacher Introduction to the service of the eight -character analysis hall to change the fate of the Destiny Zone Eight Character Museum Eight Character Cesa Destiny Museum Selection Museum Yangzhai Museum Zongmuan Pavilion Academic Article Yangzhai Case Numerology Lecture in Yangzhai Occupation Teacher The fate of "four -pillar and eight characters" for more than 30 years. In addition to the many famous teachers, coupled with continuous learning, research, assumptions, and verification, there are many unique results breakthrough. In the analysis of eight characters Du ... Teacher Zhiyao is the second -generation successor in the museum. Teacher Yitianxing directly inherits his life -free fate technology. In addition, he also obtained a license to the US NGH Hypnosis, providing all customers to "change the destiny from fundamental symptoms". Professional hypnotic healing service.Under more content, the eight -character analysis hall is one of the eight -character analysis halls as one of the national essence of our country. The virtuous and philosophy of the past has repeatedly elaborated, and it has long been among the academic forest.Ba Zi Xue ... The ancient book of the Eight Character Museums, "The name of the day in the day, come to make up for the shortcomings of the Congrational Life", this is the orthodox name studies ... The eight -character caesarean fate hall is the most difficult subject in the academic numerology. I have often learned to open for 20 years, and the strength is still ... more content academic articles [Modern eight characters] Do not get the wrong name for your children!At a time, the names of 4 numerologists often make mistakes.[Witness of the Eight Characters Case] ​​Analyze these three points with eight characters to avoid horror lover.[Witness of the Eight Characters] When can I get married?My future marriage feelings are unhealthy?[Witness of the Eight Character Cases] When will my love come?From the eight -character partner, the timing of life partner appears.[Hyundai Babe] Can I really change their destiny after fortune telling?Talk about the double dance effect.[Real of Yangzhai] Yangzhai master perspective mirror [Modern eight characters] Fortune fortune -telling is so useful, is it really useful?Will it really help my life?[Modern Eight Characters] Caesarean section Choose auspicious (eugenics) More content Yitianxing Zhi Mingwa -Scientific Logic.Don't be mysterious.Effective improvement service line: (02) 2715-0000 Fax: Starless Family Yitianxing Hall Address: 105 Lane, No. 3, No. 5, No. 5, No. 5, No. 5, No. 5, No. 5, No. 5, No. 5, No. 5, 55, Taipei City. 2022