Valdi cleaning services | Professional cleaning Valdi cleaning services Professional cleaning Home Services Domestic/Office Cleaning Deep cleaning End of tenancy clean Oven cleaning & Fridge/Freezer cleaning Prices Booking Form Gallery Areas we cover Contact us WELCOME TO VALDI CLEANING SERVICES We offer a professional End of tenancy A end of tenancy clean Your property is deep cleaned from top to bottom A regular and commercial cleaning service Competitive cleaning service Home Valdi cleaning services is one of the leading companies in the field of professional cleaning, known for perfect quality and exceptional speed of work in the cleaning of houses, apartments and offices. It is essential for us to achieve excellent results from our activities, which is why we offer our clients a cleaning service with professional cleaning products at competitive prices, in compliance with the latest European cleaning standards. In our quest to constantly expand our range and improve the quality of our cleaning services, our company always manages to meet the individual needs of each client. We offer a professional End of tenancy, a one off deep clean, a regular and commercial cleaning service. VALDI Cleaning services offer a complete and competitive cleaning service. We have five years experience in the trade. We specialise in End of tenancy cleaning where your property is deep cleaned from top to bottom, including oven and hob, we also provide a regular cleaning for the individual who would like their property cleaned on a regular basis. We also do maintenance work, re-grouting tiles, replacing silicone & painting, and most plumbing work. We also do commercial cleaning, offices, etc. We are reliable, trustworthy, friendly and take pride in providing a high quality service. Our SERVICES Domestic/Office Cleaning Regular Domestic/Office Cleaning that will ensure a constant state of cleanliness at your house or o Deep cleaning If your home or office needs refreshing up we can help you with that. Our One Off Cleaning can be pe... End of tenancy clean Whether you're an estate agent, landlord, or in fact a tenant and your tenancy agreement expired you... Oven cleaning & Fridge/Freezer cleaning We know cleaning is a messy job but Valdi Cleaning Services technicians loves to do it.We are experi... Valdi cleaning services Let us do all things for you Home Valdi cleaning services is one of the leading companies in the field of professional cleaning, known... Services VALDI Cleaning services offer a complete and competitive cleaning service. We have five years experi... Contact us VALDI CLEANING SERVICES Address: Hemel Hempstead ☎ Tel: 07738665028 ✉ E-mail: valdicleaningservi Prices (more…) Gallery Areas we cover END OF TENANCY Aylesbury Auston Clinton Ashley Green Aldbury Amersham Abbots Lan... Contact Us We would love to hear from you Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message Contact us on the detail given below Address: Hemel Hempstead,9Thistle Close Phone: 07738665028 Email: valdicleaningservices@gmail.com Website: https://www.valdicleaningservices.co.uk/ MenuHome Services Domestic/Office Cleaning Deep cleaning End of tenancy clean Oven cleaning & Fridge/Freezer cleaning Prices Booking Form Gallery Areas we cover Contact us Valdi cleaning services Opening Hours Monday to Friday : 8am - 7pm Saturday: 9am - 5pm Sunday: 9am - 5pm Facebook VALDI Cleaning Services Copyright © Valdi cleaning services