Physiotherapy – Carrington Physio Facebook Instagram admin@carringtonphysio.com Call: (403) 800-9906 Home About Us Services Physiotherapy Naturopathy Pelvic Floor Physiotherapy Acupuncture Concussion Physiotherapy Motor Vehicle Accidents Workplace ( WCB ) Injury Sports Injury Shockwave therapy Manual Osteopathy TMJ Dysfunction Laser Therapy Cupping Therapy Dry Needling Back Pain Physiotherapy Vestibular Therapy Physiotherapy Naturopathy Pelvic Floor Physiotherapy Acupuncture Concussion Physiotherapy Motor Vehicle Accidents Workplace ( WCB ) Injury Sports Injury Shockwave therapy Manual Osteopathy TMJ Dysfunction Laser Therapy Dry Needling Cupping Therapy Back Pain Physiotherapy Vestibular Therapy Team Direct Billing Blogs Contact X Book Appointment Home About Us Services Physiotherapy Naturopathy Pelvic Floor Physiotherapy Acupuncture Concussion Physiotherapy Motor Vehicle Accidents Workplace ( WCB ) Injury Sports Injury Shockwave therapy Manual Osteopathy TMJ Dysfunction Laser Therapy Cupping Therapy Dry Needling Vestibular Therapy Back Pain Physiotherapy Team Direct Billing Contact X Welcome To Carrington Physio And Rehab WE SPECIALIZE IN PHYSIOTHERAPY Healthy body movements are essential for overall physical health and well-being. At our wellness centre, we believe that movement is medicine, and we are dedicated to helping our clients achieve optimal health. MAKE APPOINTMENT Satisfaction Guarantee To ensure you receive the highest level of care Professional Therapist Dedicated to providing compassionate care 0 Th Years of Experience Why Choose Carrington Physio And Rehab? With over 15 years of combined expertise in outpatient orthopedic, neurological and sports medicine, we are an independently owned group of veteran physical therapists. We are dedicated to restoring your mobility, relieving your pain, and enhancing your well-being. With our expert physiotherapists and personalized care, you’ll experience a journey towards optimal health and vitality. Our Vision To be the leading physiotherapy clinic known for excellence in patient care, innovation, and community impact. Our Mission To empower individuals to regain their physical functionality, overcome pain, and achieve their highest level of well-being through personalized and evidence-based physiotherapy care. READ MORE SERVICES What We Treat Providing you with the highest quality of care and attention, using the latest techniques and equipment to help you recover from injury, manage chronic conditions, and improve your overall mobility and function. Whether you are seeking pain relief, rehabilitation, or preventative care, we have the expertise and resources to help you reach your goals and improve your quality of life. Physiotherapy Naturopathy Pelvic Floor Physiotherapy Acupuncture Concussion Physiotherapy Motor Vehicle Accidents Workplace ( WCB ) Injury Sports Injury Shockwave therapy Manual Osteopathy TMJ Dysfunction Laser Therapy Vestibular Therapy Back Pain Physiotherapy Dry Needling Cupping Therapy 0 + Happy Patients 0 Th Years of Experience 0 + Therapist & Staff 0 + Branch Clinic Experience 0% Chiropractic 0% Therapist 0% WHY CHOOSE US Our Culture, Our Ideology The culture that sets us apart from other healthcare providers. We believe that movement is medicine and that your body has the ability to heal itself through strategic movement. Whether you are dealing with a recent injury, or chronic pain, or simply want to improve your overall strength and function, we are here to help you get back to living your best life. Our team of experienced physiotherapists will work with you to create an individualised treatment plan that is tailored to your specific needs and goals. With our expert guidance and support, you can trust that you are receiving the best dose of medicine for your body – movement. Let us help you unlock your body’s natural healing power and achieve optimal health and wellness. Our Patient’s Review I recently had an accident that left me unable to move my right leg properly. It was a difficult and frustrating time, but I knew that I needed to take action to get my mobility back. I consulted with Carrington Physio And Rehab and I'm so grateful that I did. After weeks of hard work and dedication, I can now move my right leg with ease. Jonathan David Carrington Physio and Rehab were incredibly knowledgeable and experienced, and they made sure to tailor my treatment plan to my specific needs and concerns. From the initial assessment to the final session, they were always patient, kind, and compassionate, and they made me feel comfortable and at ease throughout the entire process. Noah Thomas As a mother of a youngblood, I was devastated when my son broke his ankle while playing football. I knew that he would need the best care possible to ensure that he could regain his mobility and return to playing his beloved sport once again. Carrington Physio And Rehab accessed my son and recommended me their sports injury therapy. The therapists were highly skilled and experienced in treating sports injuries, and they worked tirelessly to ensure that my son regained his strength and mobility. Olivia Lucas Experiencing Unusual Pain In Your Body? antinfortunistiche diadora scamosciate puma disc shoes vaisselle corelle canadian tire amazon borse in pelle vintage amazon grand sac à dos femme cuir atelier koenig moto 67 niedernai acer aspire v15 amazon arredamento negozio parrucchiere amazon best places to visit in may europe puma disc shoes nike air max 90 hyperfuse all blue attacco manubrio bianchi amazon grand sac à dos femme cuir nike air max 97 silver amazon nike air max 2017 noire semelle noire FREE CONSULTATION Providing you with the highest quality of care and attention, using the latest techniques and equipment to help you recover from injury, manage chronic conditions, and improve your overall mobility and function. Facebook Youtube Instagram Quick Links Home About Us Services Team Direct Billing Contact Us Services Physiotherapy Naturopathy Pelvic Floor Physiotherapy Acupuncture Concussion Physiotherapy Motor Vehicle Accidents Vestibular Therapy Back Pain Physiotherapy Workplace ( WCB ) Injury Sports Injury Shockwave therapy Manual Osteopathy TMJ Dysfunction Laser Therapy Dry Needling Cupping Therapy Phone 403-800-9906 Email admin@carringtonphysio.com Address 159 Carrington Plaza, NW, Unit# 160 Calgary, T3P 1Y3 © Copyright 2023 | carringtonphysio.com