PATHtoIP - Transforming Idea, Intellect & Innovation to Property info@pathtoip.com +91 84119 35620 / +91 95455 88856 Home About Who we are Our Team Career IP Services Search & Analysis Patentability Search Freedom to Operate Invalidity / Opposition Search Claim Chart Analysis State-of-the-Art Search Technology Landscape White Space Analysis Patent Mapping Chemical Structure Search Industrial Design Search Trademark Search Market Product(s) Search Prior Art Search & Analysis Intellectual Property Trademark Filing Industrial Design Filing Patent Drafting and Filing Copyright Filing Geographical Indication Filing Trainings Resources Reports IP Nuggets News Contact Paving the Path for transforming Idea, Intellect & Innovation to Property © Protecting Brilliance through Patents to Secure Your Innovations, Product, and Creativity—A Bridge to IP Get in Touch Prior Art Search & Analysis Patentability Search Learn More Freedom to Operate Learn More Invalidity/Opposition Search Learn More Claim Chart Analysis Learn More State-of-the-Art Search Learn More Technology Landscape Learn More White Space Analysis Learn More Patent Mapping Learn More Chemical Structure Search Learn More Industrial Design Search Learn More Trademark Search Learn More Market Product(s) Search Learn More Intellectual Property Drafting, Filling, Prosecution & Maintenance National Patent Drafting & Filing Trademark Filing Industrial Design Filing Copyright Filing Geographical Indications Filing International Patent Drafting PCT Filing Examination Report Response Learn More Domains Assistance Chemistry & Environment Pharma & FMCG Medical & Healthcare Engineering & Telecom Why Us With the skilled and proficient staff at each level, we bring an up-to-date vision for protecting innovation and creativity. The technical expertise lets us use our strategic guidance to provide the best service and give a unique perspective to our clients. The diverse, creative and forward approach enables us to get exceptional results that matter to our clients and us. Technical Expertise Productivity Quality Confidentiality Intellectual Property Trainings & Workshops We provide trainings related to various aspects of Intellectual property. Our trainings can benefit the following: Inventors Academics MSME/ Start-ups Corporate Patent agent examination aspirants Learn More Client Testimonials "I hired PATHtoIP to perform due diligence related to the uniqueness of a patent as compared to other similar patents on the market. PATHtoIP did a very thorough job. I would highly recommend her." Max H. - DirectorCompetitive Patent Search "I hired PATHtoIP to perform patent research on two emerging technologies. Not only did PATHtoIP do a fine, comprehensive research effort, but PATHtoIP excelled at communication and clearly articulating her efforts and strategies. Add in prompt efforts, and it was an excellent client experience. I heartily endorse Nidhi for her abilities and professionalism." Paul G. - FounderPatent Research (Landscape Studies) "Nidhi and team did an excellent job working through this challenging project. They were rigorous, fast and very professional. Thanks!" Mike, USAPatent classification Search "PATHtoIP is excellent at what they are doing. They really help us solving problems quickly, thank you so much! Highly recommend them!" Austrian ClientPatent Search "Nidhi was very responsive in our project. She is extremely reliable and provided a lot of support and suggestions for our project. We are very happy with her deliverables and suggestions. Thank you so much!" AnonymousPatent Search & Analysis "Exemplary work. Team is very competent and Subject matter expert. I highly recommend them. They provided top notch quality output on this search assignment and exceeded my expectations and has also timely executed this project. No complaints whatsoever from my side. Thank you and I will look forward to working again." Anonymous - Patent SearchPharma & Chemical Project "Nidhi and her were very cooperative and very easy to work with. Would hire her again for future projects." Robert, USAPatent Search "I am very much pleased to write this review. I came across this firm around 1 and a half year ago and since then we have grown strongly together. In their association, we have successfully conducted short term certificate courses on IPR twice for our students at Gurunanak College of Pharmacy, Nagpur. The course content and delivery was very well received by the students and they appreciated the efforts taken by Kawita mam and Nidhi Mam (Co founders). Although conducted online but all the elements and focal points of this course made this course much interesting. They offer basic as well as advance courses and customize the contents as per the needs. I highly recommend this course for the students who want to be ahead in their careers." Shobha YadavProgram Coordinator "They know their work thoroughly. I have worked with them on multiple occasions." Ajay GuptaFounder of Maplebees "Working with Nidhi Agrawal & team was an absolute pleasure. They delivered an exceptionally comprehensive and insightful patent landscape, clinical trial, and NLP analysis for SCA6. Their work was not only of the highest professional standard but also tailored precisely to my needs and concerns. Their deliverables were thorough, well-organized, and easy to understand, featuring detailed spreadsheets, informative graphs, and charts that greatly facilitated my comprehension of the data. The depth of their knowledge and their meticulous approach to data analysis were evident in the quality of the work they produced. Furthermore, I found services to be excellent value for money. I wholeheartedly recommend Nidhi & team to anyone seeking a reliable, efficient, and expert patent analyst. Their commitment to delivering top-notch results and excellent customer service make them an outstanding choice in this field." James Shoemaker, USA Contact for help with Patents, Trademarks, Designs and other IP. Contact for Services Blog & Articles Future Trends in Intellectual Property Future Trends in Intellectual Property Intellectual property is a category of property that includes intangible creations of the human inte... Read More Notice: Array to string conversion in /home/u257069179/domains/pathtoip.com/public_html/wp-content/themes/pathtoip_wp/functions.php on line 993 Array Exploring Fair Use in Copyright Law: A Comprehensive Overview Exploring Fair Use in Copyright Law: A Comprehensive Overview INTRODUCTION: Copyright law plays a pivotal role in protecting the creativ... Read More Notice: Array to string conversion in /home/u257069179/domains/pathtoip.com/public_html/wp-content/themes/pathtoip_wp/functions.php on line 993 Array Understanding Patent Infringements: A Thorough Overview Patent Infringements Introduction: Patent is a very important type of Intellectual Property (IP). They are legal documents granted by go... Read More Notice: Array to string conversion in /home/u257069179/domains/pathtoip.com/public_html/wp-content/themes/pathtoip_wp/functions.php on line 993 Array Contact Us Address: Awfis Que Spaces Center, Seasons Mall, Magarpatta City, Hadapsar, Pune Phone:+91 84119 35620 / +91 95455 88856 Follow us: Links: Home Who We Are Our Team IP Nuggets News Careers Contact Copyright © 2024 PATHtoIP LLP. All Rights Reserved. Concept, Design & Hosting by Saman Technosys Pvt. Ltd. Disclaimer Welcome to the website of PATHtoIP. As per the rules of the Bar Council of India, lawyers and law firms are not permitted to solicit work or advertise. By clicking on the "I AGREE" button below, the website visitor agrees and acknowledges that: – There has been no advertisement, personal communication, solicitation, invitation or any other inducement of any sort whatsoever by or on behalf of PATHtoIP or any of its members to solicit any work through this website. The user wishes to gain more information about PATHtoIP for their own information and use. All information about PATHtoIP on this website is being provided to the user only on their specific request and any information obtained or materials downloaded from this website is completely at the user's volition and any transmission, receipt or use of this site would not create any lawyer-client relationship. This website is a resource for informational purposes only and though intended, is not promised or guaranteed, to be complete or updated. PATHtoIP does not warrant that the information contained on this website is accurate or complete, and hereby disclaims all liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether such errors or omissions result from negligence, accident or any other cause. PATHtoIP assumes no liability for the interpretation and/or use of the information contained on this website, nor does it offer a warranty of any kind, either express or implied. The contents of this website do not constitute, and shall not be construed as, legal advice or a substitute for legal advice. If you have any legal issues, you, in all cases, must seek independent legal advice. PATHtoIP is not liable for any consequence of any action taken by the user relying on material / information provided on this website or through any external links thereon. The information provided under this website is solely available at the user's request for informational purposes only and should not be interpreted as soliciting or advertisement. All material and information (except any statutory instruments or judicial precedents) on this website is the intellectual property of PATHtoIP, and no part thereof shall be used, with or without adaptation, without the express prior written consent of PATHtoIP. Agree Decline