Tax Attorney Fresno - Valley Tax Law | (559) 201-0183 (559) 201-0183 Questions Hotline! Home Services IRS Debt Relief Services IRS Problems IRS Revenue Officer Help IRS Penalties and Interest Charges IRS Notices and Letters Filing IRS Back Tax Returns Business and Payroll Tax Help Get Bank Levies Removed, and Save Your Property Innocent Spouse Relief Services IRS Offer in Compromise Agreement Locations Dinuba Corcoran Clovis Hanford Kingsburg Lemoore Manteca Modesto Merced Lodi Parlier Porterville Reedley Selma Sanger Tulare Stockton Kerman San Luis Obispo Bakersfield Visalia Turlock Tracy Blog Contact About Menu Home Services IRS Debt Relief Services IRS Problems IRS Revenue Officer Help IRS Penalties and Interest Charges IRS Notices and Letters Filing IRS Back Tax Returns Business and Payroll Tax Help Get Bank Levies Removed, and Save Your Property Innocent Spouse Relief Services IRS Offer in Compromise Agreement Locations Dinuba Corcoran Clovis Hanford Kingsburg Lemoore Manteca Modesto Merced Lodi Parlier Porterville Reedley Selma Sanger Tulare Stockton Kerman San Luis Obispo Bakersfield Visalia Turlock Tracy Blog Contact About Do you owe $10k or more to the IRS? We can help Are you burdened by a significant tax debt owed to the IRS? Do you feel overwhelmed and unsure about how to navigate the complex world of tax laws and regulations? Look no further than Tax Attorney Fresno, where we are dedicated to providing reliable tax solutions to individuals and businesses facing tax problems. Our team of experienced tax attorneys understands the urgency of resolving tax issues promptly. Whether you are dealing with wage garnishments, levies, or IRS notices and letters, we will work diligently to ensure that your burden is lifted and your life can return to normal. Book Now Book Appointment Why Choose Us for Tax Solutions In an industry filled with deceit and scammers, trust and integrity count for everything. We have worked hard for years to treat clients the way they deserve to be treated, and got them the relief they needed when times were the most rough. When things need to happen quickly to get a wage garnishment or levy removed, we work tirelessly for our clients to make sure that burden doesn’t continue to restrict their lives. Over the years, our practice of taking care of our clients first, and worrying about profits later, has left us with a sustainable business (unlike the other companies that seem to come and go every year), thousands of happy clients, and the highest rating from the BBB (A+ rating) in the industry. A FREE Tax Consultation Phone Call Will Have You Sleeping Better Tonight! 559-201-0183 I received an IRS notice of a levy on my wages. Boy, was I scared. "Within 48 hours of contacting ITS, the levy was released" and now ITS is helping me to get caught up on unfiled returns. Thank you ITS! Armando & Sofia M.San Diego, CA Great operation. Professional, knowledgeable and accommodating. Couldn’t have imagined a better experience, considering the situation. ITS was quick to respond and resolve Stephen N.Dallas, TX I called to discuss some serious tax issues and from my very first phone call, this team was terrific. They were courteous, professional and quick to deliver. Instant Tax Solutions far-exceeded any expectations that I had. They turned our situation around very quickly. "I would highly recommend them to anyone that needs help" Kelly & Howard T.Houston, TX I had ten years of taxes I hadn’t filed. I was really nervous and didn’t know what to do. I checked the IRS website for tips on selecting a company. Instant Tax Solutions had a good rating and "made me feel comfortable working with them. A burden has been lifted from my shoulders" Thank you… Aaron F.Tacoma, WA WordPress Carousel Free Version I had a very serious tax problem, I was basically looking at the end of my life as I knew it. "I called Instant Tax Solutions and within 3 days my levy was released" and the monthly installment agreement was far better then I could have ever hoped for. Kathleen R.Queens, NY This was the free consultation! Instant Tax Solutions spent over half an hour with me during my consultation. I was so impressed that my husband and I decided to sign immediately. From filing my back tax returns to settling my debt to the IRS and state of California, "you guys were simply great! Can’t thank ..." Marcia and John KLos Angeles, CA I just want to say what outstanding service I received from Instant Tax Solutions. They helped us through a very hard time in our lives when we needed it most. We can’t thank them enough for all their hard work and dedication. "They truly are the best in the business at getting people out of…" Kurtis and Jennifer S.Las Vegas, NV I owed the IRS $160,000 in back taxes. I had a wage garnishment and my case was assigned to a Revenue Officer. I did not know what to do. Instant Tax Solutions was able to get my garnishment before my next paycheck. "When all was said and done, they saved me over $100,000." Joseph H.Longview, WA Previous Next Trust Guard Privacy Our Most Recent Client Results Here Are the Most Recent Offer in Compromise Results We’ve Gotten in for ACTUAL Clients. 9/19/2017 $20,423.00 Savings (99.5%) $20,523 $100 – Gary Strasburg, CO 9/21/2017 $51,508.00 Savings (96.3%) $53,494 $1,986 – Benton Estes Park, CO 9/25/2017 $47,841.00 Savings (99.5%) $48,071 $230 – Jody Silverthorne, CO 9/27/2016 $60,844.00 Savings (84%) $72,426 $11,582 – Stanley Jonesboro, LA 10/12/2017 $35,630.00 Savings (99.7%) $35,730 $100 – Steven Le Claire, IA 10/12/2017 $92,566.00 Savings (96.4%) $96,041 $3,475 – Todd Richmond, CA 10/16/2017 $66,189.00 Savings (99.3%) $66,689 $500 – Scott Lake Butler, FL 10/16/2017 $97,864.00 Savings (86.3%) $113,420 $15,556 – David Ingleside, IIL 11/8/2017 $23,165.00 Savings (98.9%) $23,415 $250 – Roxann North Richland Hills, TX 9/19/2017 $20,423.00 Savings (99.5%) $20,523 $100 – Gary Strasburg, CO 9/21/2017 $51,508.00 Savings (96.3%) $53,494 $1,986 – Benton Estes Park, CO Our Systematic Approach to Getting Amazing Result Free Initial Consultation and Financial Analysis 15 MinutesWe will go through your entire financial situation, step-by-step and see what programs you qualify for, determine how we can help, and answer any questions that you may have. Research and Investigation 4-7 DaysUsing the Power of Attorney, we will work with the IRS to determine what evidence they have against you (without disclosing anything), so we can create a plan of attack. Fight for the Best Resolution 2-5 MonthsAfter learning exactly what they have against you, we will negotiate with the IRS on your behalf, removing all the penalties we can, and fighting for a great settlement for you. Finally Enjoy the Freedom You Deserve! Forever…Once your tax burdens have been lifted, you can go on living your life again! You will finally be free of the burdens chasing you, and can start fresh with no tax debt. Tax Problems that We Solve IRS Back Tax Returns If you are facing back tax issues, the most important thing you can do is to become compliant again with the IRS. Usually this means going back and filing all of the back tax returns that you didn’t do in years past, but there are a few things that can make this much faster and easier. We can save you a TON when it comes to claiming deductions and making sure everything lines up correctly, so give us a call today to see how we can help you. Tax Liens One of the more impactful steps that the federal government can take against you is to put a tax lien on your property. This basically means that they take legal ownership of the property until all debts can be paid off on it. You won’t be able to sell, refinance, or don’t actually legally own until you can repay everything you owe plus interest. We can get these liens removed and amounts reduced quickly for you. Call us now to find out how. Bank / Property Levies One step further than a tax lien is for the bank to actually place a levy on your property, and physically take it to pay back what you owe. This is legal thievery on the part of the government, and can be placed on your home, cars, boats, property, etc.! If you have had a notice of an impending levy on your property, then you need to act quickly to have that removed before the government will come and take possession of your hard-earned property! IRS Notices and Letters One of the first things that the IRS will start to do is send a continuing barrage of letters and notices, that are so filled with technical language that no one can understand it! Unfortunately, they expect you to know exactly what to do when receiving these letters, or they’ll add on more penalties and take your stuff. If you have started receiving these letters or notices, we can help you plan out exactly what you should do to make them stop. Penalties and Interest If you owe the IRS any significant amount of money, chances are that it has been increased dramatically because of various penalties and interest charges that have been tacked on over time. These are just little ways for the government to gouge normal people of extra money just because they can. We fight these every single day, and can have them significantly reduced and even removed, so you can just pay the amount you owe, not more. Wage Garnishments If you have gotten behind on paying your taxes, the IRS actually has the legal ability to go to your employer (or whoever does your payroll), and garnish a significant percentage of your wages before you even see it, which is known as a wage garnishment. This usually puts people in a tough spot when it comes to making sure all monthly expenses are paid. We work quickly to get these garnishments removed, so you can move on and live your life! Payroll Taxes For many businesses, staying on top of taxes and managing a growing business with employees is very difficult to do. There are just not enough hours in the day to make sure everything gets fully taken care of. So if you have fallen behind on your business taxes, or on the amount you owe in payroll or employee expenses, we can help get you back on track, so you can focus on what matters – continuing to run and grow your business. Revenue Officer After the IRS has sent enough letters and notices, they’ll take it up a notch, and start sending revenue officers to your home and business, specifically to harass you for the amount you owe. How embarrassing would it be to have one of these show up at your work in front of all your co-workers and boss? Or worse than that, at your home in front of your family? We can stop these revenue officers in their tracks, and make the harassment stop. Our Team Glen Barber Senior Tax Consultant Over 14 years of experience in consulting and tax relief. Responsible for liaising between clients and the resolution team and preparing resolution strategies. John Nelson Senior Tax Consultant Over 23 years of experience in various fields of business, including banking, human resources, and consulting. Aaron Brumfield Senior Tax Consultant Over 25 years of experience in marketing and business development. Responsible for helping clients with tax relief and customer service. Services that We Provide Our Clients Experienced Tax Lawyer If you have run into hard financial times with the federal government, the best ally you can have on your side is an experienced tax attorney that can guide you through the mess. We have an entire firm of tax lawyers ready to take care of your case, and get you relief. These are things we work with every single day, so we know the little statues, limitations and tricks that the IRS uses. We have separate phone numbers that the public doesn’t, so can make things happen for you. Read More Offer in Compromise One of the best ways to save a ton on the back taxes that you owe (sometimes upwards of 90% – 95% off), is to negotiate an Offer in Compromise. While this is a long and difficult process, it can help you legally avoid a huge portion of your tax debt. Be careful though, if you divulge too much personal financial information, they might tack on more penalties and interest. We can help you navigate these rough waters, and get incredible savings like these. Read More Installment Agreements The IRS will be very pushy about getting back the money they are owed, and usually stop at nothing to get it. They will usually try and make you pay it back all at once (which most people can’t afford), but we can help you negotiate an Installment Agreement, which will let you pay over time. This is basically a payment plan, and can help you to stop their harassment, yet pay back what you owe in a way you can afford, and that doesn’t kill your monthly expenses. Read More Penalty Abatement One thing that the federal government loves to do is tack on penalties and interest to the amount you owe, just so they can make more money. Fortunately for many of our clients, our firm has the ability to negotiate the removal of a lot of those add-on fees, known as Penalty Abatement. This is a great way to reduce the amount they say you owe, to what you actually owe, and not pay exorbitant penalties and interest charges. Read More Innocent Spouse Relief Depending on your living and marriage situation, you or your spouse can actually be completely innocent from debts that have been acquired over time. This arrangement, known as Innocent Spouse Relief, is usually tricky to negotiate, but we can help to make sure either you or our spouse don’t have to face the same penalties and issues that the other does if they don’t deserve it. Give us a call today to see how we can help! Read More Currently Not Collectible The last service that we provide to our clients is helping to get their status with the feds to be currently not collectible, so the government will stop chasing and harassing them. If you have faced financial hard times within the last few years, such as a divorce / separation, medical emergency, etc, then chances are we can help to stop the continual letters and notices, or even revenue officers from coming after you. A quick, 15-minute consultation will help to find out what can be done. Read More Fresno Tax Attorneys Are you in legal trouble or have had a tax dispute initiated? Has the IRS come knocking at your door or been calling your home phone number non-stop? Have you received a letter from the IRS or from a tax agency? If the answer to any or all of the above questions is yes, then you need help. The first thing to keep in mind is that you have 30 to 90 days to respond to the letter (depending on the problem). The notice which you receive from them could be anything from a simple notice of discrepancy in your account, to an intricate and complicated assessment which calls your attention to an extreme issue with your taxes. In any case, the biggest mistake that you could possibly make if you were to find yourself in such a situation would be to NOT do anything. Dealing with such an intricate and delicate situation can be a hassle, especially if you have no past experience with such, and therefore it is within your best interest to hire or contact a tax litigation specialist or lawyer to assist you with the issue brought forth by the tax agencies. We are the top IRS tax attorney’s in Fresno period. Central Valley Tax Lawyers Do you live in the Central Valley of Fresno County? Do you owe money to the IRS? Well you’ve found the right set of IRS tax attorneys in Fresno. We live in a challenging and particularly dynamic economic environment and it’s not hard to find yourself with quite a lot of financial burden overlooking your shoulder. Maybe you’ve had a tax dispute initiated? Maybe the IRS has already come knocking at your door or has been bothering you through the phone? Have you received any type of worrying notifications from a tax agency or the IRS? If you’ve identified yourself in any of the aforementioned questions and you are currently having issues associated with finances, you might want to engage the services of an experienced tax attorney.Valley Tax Law is a specialized state tax relief law firm in Fresno which aims to help people who have had the misfortune of finding themselves in financial burdens.Now, the first and foremost thing that you need to consider if you’ve received any type of notice is that you would usually have 30 to 90 days to respond to said notice. And, keep in mind that the notice that you receive from the relevant tax authority could be anything from a small and absolutely insignificant discrepancy in your bank account to complicated assessment calls trying to collect excessive information about your current tax issues. The biggest mistake, however, that you could do in a situation of the kind is to remain passive. Whether you’re looking for tax audit help, tax relief help, IRS back tax help, or simple advice on your situation, don’t hesitate to call us.The truth is that dealing with intricate and rather sensitive situations of the kind could truly be a hassle. This is especially true for people who have little to no experience in handling matters of the kind. It is, therefore, truly in your best interest to give us a call and let us provide you with a helping hand. Seeking Tax Relief Help Identifying a tax litigation specialist that you can trust can seem like a challenge. There are so many people nowadays advertising their skills that you may be confused on whom to seek for legal counsel and advice. In general, there are several common traits which good tax lawyers possess which are easy to identify and which I will be illustrating here. By knowing these traits you will have an easier grasp of what kind of person you may rely on to defend you in the potentially lengthy and complex process involved with tax litigation. If your chosen representative litigator is to have any chance of winning on appeal, one of the traits which is necessary for them to have is knowledge. The Internal Revenue Code and various other legal tax documents contain thousands of pages of information regarding income and employment tax, and the defensive candidate needs to have a more than ample understanding of every process and procedure outlined within these documents. The lifespan of a tax dispute can last for up to 10 years, so it is imperative that the tax lawyer is well prepared and equipped to handle a case in the event that the length would surpass a couple of months. Secondly, as they say, experience is the best teacher. Your best bet in locating an intelligent and superior tax litigator would be to do your research on the person. Make some phone calls, look them up online, do what you must to find out what kind of trials/cases they have handled in the past. Chances are, if a litigator has many years of experience and has handled disputes in the U.S. Tax Court, the Court of Federal Claims, or any Federal district courts, then they are more than capable of handling your appeal. All our Lawyers are licensed under the California State Bar. Tax Litigation So you’ve found some help in the form of a tax litigator and you feel better about the whole affair. What’s next? Educate yourself about tax litigation so that you also have a more encompassing idea about what exactly will transpire throughout the entire process. As I mentioned earlier, tax litigation issues can range from simple to extremely complex, so the more information you possess about the subject, the better. In many situations, your tax litigator will need to have counseling sessions with you in order to determine your next move, and if you are well versed in the procedures which are taking place, the meetings will go much more smoothly and quickly. So continue reading for a quick overview of the litigation process! Tax litigation has three initial phases, and it is these three phases which I will be providing some insight into.The first is the auditing phase. This is the probably the phase that you’re in right now if you’ve been seeking help on the internet and from your friends. It means that the IRS has found some discrepancy in your financial account and they are conducting an audit. They want to know if you’ve been paying the correct amount of taxes, so in order for them to find out, they will request for you to send them tax documents. Keep calm, and if you’ve already employed a tax litigator to assist you, seek counsel from them on what information to provide and what not to.The second phase in the initial overall process is the appeals phase. Once the audit has been completed by the IRS agent that’s bugging you, you as the taxpayer have the right to file a protest letter if you would like to dispute the outcome of the audit. Again, this should only be done upon advice provided by your financial support, tax lawyer, etc. There is a possibility of both parties reaching a settlement in this phase, so as to avoid having to undergo the lengthy, time-consuming process of litigation. You may be able to settle your dispute during this phase and avoid any unpleasant outcomes, so listen carefully to the advice of your tax attorney and follow their instructions to the letter.The third phase is the trial phase, and this happens if no negotiation was reached during the appeals phase and the defending party (aka, you), has made the decision to litigate the tax dispute. Two types of tax litigation may occur during this phase; these are the deficiency litigation and the refund litigation. A simple way for you to understand these two types of litigation are that either the taxpayer (you) will either decide to pay the disputed amount of tax or not. Wage Garnishment Believe it or not, there are quite a lot of different occasions in which you might suddenly find out that your employer is withholding a certain amount from your monthly paycheck and handing it out to a third-party. This is no exception for the residents of Fresno County and the Central Valley.This is the process of the so-called wage garnishment. When you owe student loans, child support, back taxes or you’ve lost a case and there is an effective court judgement entered against you, the creditor, whoever he may be, is within his full capacity to request wage garnishment. This is an order issued by the court which requires your own employer to deliberately withhold a certain portion of your regular paycheck and send it to said third party, regardless of whoever that may be.Of course, this is far from being as simple as it may sound as there are different regulatory provisions which are enacted to govern various types of debt. With it, there are legal limitations on the amount of money that could be garnished off your paycheck. However, this might be overlooked and if you have failed to do something about it, you might be giving away a larger portion of your paycheck than you are legally entitled to.What is more, unless you owe child support, student loans or back taxes, your creditors are incapable of garnishing your wage unless they have an effective, court-issued order. Be careful when it comes to it as this is also something that could be overlooked.As competent and experienced tax attorneys in Fresno, Valley Tax Law could provide you with the necessary assistance and can help you reduce or potentially neglect the financial damages. Bank Levy: What You Need to Know A bank levy is another serious tool that the creditors are provided with to seek reparation and repayment of their debt. This happens when the creditor demands fund to be released directly from your actual bank account. He will provide the bank with a request and by exemplifying proof of a legal judgment which has been officially and fully enacted against you. The bank is then required to honor this particular request. The bank is going to freeze your account and take a closer look at the situation. However, the thing that is dangerous here is that you might not get notified. The presumption, however, is that the creditor would only resort to a bank levy if he has already voided all other options. Hence, you should be aware that you have it coming your way. With our assistance, you would be capable of handling the situation in a better and more competent manner. We can dispute the levy in order to prevent it in whole or to reduce the amount of money that goes out of your account. If you fail to take action, however, your lenders might as well completely empty your account. Offer in Compromise: Getting Out of the Situation An OIC (Offer in Compromise) is a legal agreement which is entered between the IRS and the taxpayer. Its intention is to settle the tax liabilities for amount less than what is actually owed. With this in mind, taxpayers who are capable of paying their liabilities in full through an installment agreement, for instance, or any other means for that matter, are not going to qualify for an OIC.Our experienced tax attorneys in Fresno are going to help you get out of this situation by negotiating the most lucrative and favorable OIC agreement on your behalf. This is something that we’ve handled quite a few times in our extensive career and you can rest assured that we know our way around.Additionally, we can also help you with finding another way out of your otherwise troublesome situation. We will evaluate your current financial condition as well as the nature of your debt and determine whether a CNC is a viable option. This stands for Currently Not Collectible and could buy you a serious amount of time to get back on your feet.There are different legal mechanisms which are effective and might actually be of significant assistance if you find yourself in a situation of the kind. With our professional help, you’d be capable of experiencing them to the fullest.There are many more phases in the entire litigation process besides these three, however by understanding the basic fundamental procedures involved, you have a much greater chance of success. Always remember, keep calm and trust the advice given to you by your counselor. Good luck! About Fresno California 93711 Located in the Central Valley of California, often referred as the armpit of California, Fresno or the “559”, or the 93705 is home to both a culturally and racially diverse population of nearly half a million people. With a cult like following for their Fresno State Football team, they’re local athletics programs are some of the top programs in the state. A vibrant downtown and theatre hub keeps the locals happy with entertainment. Fresno has also been known to produce some TV stars including Michael Willet, a popular gay television actor. Fresno is situated in the middle of San Joaquin Valley. An extremely productive agricultural region. The Central Valley, as its referred to, runs from Sacramento all the way down to Bakersfield. This region is just over 200 miles north of LA, 170 miles south of Sacramento, and 185 miles to San Francisco. This extremely relatively also lends it’s self as just a couple hours from Yosemite, and only 2 and half hour drive to the Central Coast of San Luis Obispo County. Fresno’s History Established in 1865 after the California Gold Rush, Fresno was named after the plethora of ash trees that would line its various rivers. Over time the population of Fresno grew as agricultural industry and technology boomed in California. By 1960 it ranked in the top 100 largest U.S. cities at 134,000. It has continued to rise from 47th in 1990 to, to 37th in 2000 at a population just under 500,000.Fresno is a unique city to call home, and few understand why until you get to know the area. From the close access to California’s sierras, it’s world class Bull Dog athletics, to the vibrant and colorful downtown. As you realize through life, you encounter situations you had no way of knowing otherwise. However when it comes to the knowledge and truth of your heath, there is no other priority. Don’t let anxiety get in the way. Getting tested for STDs like herpes, gonorrhea, syphilis, HPV, genital warts, is nothing to be ashamed of and it’s important you prioritize your health. If you think you’re seeing symptoms of potential STDs just fill out our in-depth questionnaire that will allow our labs to provide a quick and seamless process of getting you tested. Locations We Serve Our tax attorney services extend across a wide range of locations, providing reliable and effective solutions to clients facing tax problems. No matter where you are located, our dedicated team is here to help you navigate the complexities of tax law and find the best resolution for your situation. Contact us today to discuss your tax concerns and take the first step towards financial relief. Fresno | Clovis | Kerman | Selma | Sanger | Kingsburg | Reedley | Bakersfield | Delano | Ridgecrest | Shafter| Tehachapi | Visalia Tax Relief Services Tax Penalty Abatement | Bank Levy | Tax Lien | Tax Court Representation | IRS Installment Agreement | Tax Planning Call Us Today: (559) 201-0183 Facebook Linkedin Youtube © 2023 Valley Tax Law. All Rights Reserved. Blog | About | Privacy Policy | Terms | Sitemap | Tax Planning | Services | IRS Problems | Bank Levy | Locations