Indian Institute of Knowledge & Development Skip to content Main Menu HomeAboutMenu Toggle Company Profile Our Team CoursesMenu Toggle Government SectorMenu Toggle CCPBMenu Toggle SBI PO SBI clerk SBI Apprentice IBPS PO IBPS Clerk IBPS RRB PO IBPS RRB Clerk CCPEMenu Toggle SSC CGL SSC CHSL SSC MTS RRB NTPC SBI PO SBI clerk SBI Apprentice IBPS PO IBPS Clerk IBPS RRB PO IBPS RRB Clerk MPSCMenu Toggle MPSC Marathi UPSC Private JobsMenu Toggle Digital Marketing Course in vasai virar nalasopara Certificate Course in SEO Certificate Course in Social Media Certificate Course in Google Adwords PressMenu Toggle Gallery Media Report Student of the month AwardsJob AlertBlogYoutheraaContactLoginMenu Toggle Branch Login Online Test Practice Branch Login Click here Click here Click here Click here Click here Click here Click here Click here Click here Click here Pay Your Fees Free Online Video Course FREE DEMO Get Ready for Your Dream Job in Government Sector One Stop Solution For All Government Competitive Exams UPSC | MPSC | SSC | Railway | Insurance | IBPS PO, Clerk | SBI PO, Clerk | RBI | RRB Best Training Institute IAS, IPS, IFS & IRS Read More Get Prepare for MPSC Exam Read More Become an Officer in Central Govt. Read More Crack Bank Exam with CASME Read More Explore By Exams UPSC MPSC SSC Railway Insurance Banking Psychometric Test Digital Marketing Why IIKD IIKD is established with vision of “Developing & Grooming the Budding Talent to Knowledgeable Professional” The institution is promoted by a Indian Institute of Knowledge & Development Pvt Ltd. Organization registered under Indian companies Registration Act, 2013At IIKD we strive for developing student’s full potential and full-grow them into well-designed professionals and conscientious members of the society. We are preparing the students for getting success in Banking Exam, IBPS PO, IBPS-Clerk, SBI PO-Clerk. The Institute equips students with world class spirited and cut-throat proficiency to face ever-varying challenges of universal markets with poise Students are encouraged to maximum possible exposure so as to augment the skills and employability. We also take responsibility to place our candidates in perfect organization where they can groom as future leaders. The Institute promotes freedom of thought, cultivates vision and encourages growth coupled with values and a sense of responsibility to harness them for the welfare of the society. Read More Classroom Training Key Features Exclusive Sessions 131 training sessions of 5 Subjects with Expert Full Time Faculties for each subject with small batch size(25-30 Students). Experienced Full Time Faculties 115+ year of combined experience. Trained 10000+ Students till date. Lifetime Validity Lifetime validity of course – Regular training assistance till age bar. Practice Tests 500+ online practice tests and 40+ offline mock test with personalized attention. Training Methodology Award Winning(REAA) Training Methodology “CASME” which increase your selection by 90%. Online Training Key Features How to Login Online Video Course FREE DEMO Video Lectures-200+Homework assignment with video solutionsTopic wise test- 80Sectional Test- 60Prelims PO- 20Prelims Clerk- 20Mains-PO-10Mains-Clerk-10Validity- 12 MonthsLectures in HindiE-Books-4Practice Questions- 1500 Our Recent Addition Youtube Classes Life Skill Training Current Affairs E - Magazine Our Successful Students in Competitive Exams Our Successful Students in Digital Marketing See What People Say About Us... Pankaja Rawool 13/12/2022 IIKD is The One place for all solutions.... Amit Haldankar 13/12/2022 Best coaching classes from virar to borivali area. Best teaching faculty with good facilities. Chirag Kini 06/12/2022 Iikd is the best digital marketing institute in Vasai Supriya Goswami 15/11/2022 Iikd is the best institute for digital marketing Kishan Tiwari 25/09/2022 As i was decided to prepare for the upsc i had first decide to go delhi and start the preparation but suddenly i get an call from iikd and they provided me a counseling session and i met with an Master of upsc lav mishra sir..he has given two times upsc interview and has a best knowledge of upsc..and after i had talked with him he given me the trust and given me the confidence that yes i can clear upsc from here only...iikd provides personal library for study..lav sir always available for there students weekly test and one to one mentorship boost the confidence. Those who are thinking to start upsc preparation must visit iikd and meet lav sir..And the journey of upsc willl look easy..thankyou iikd and lav sir. Agni Khopkar 25/09/2022 It’s already been 1 year i am studying in iikd and improved remarkably in my upsc preparation. Indeed being under guidance of best faculties like lav sir who already faced upsc interview twice is a blessing. Thank you iikd! Aadil Khatik 25/09/2022 One of the best institute for government examination. Have proper douth session. Excellent experienced teachers. Google rating score: 4.6 of 5, based on 130 reviews Get all google reviews Get In Touch With Us! Phone +91-7888161904 / 0250-2333006 Email info@iikd.in Address Indian Institute of Knowledge & Development279 – 280 Vira Apartment,Anand Nagar, Near Platform No 1,Vasai West -Pin 401202, Maharashtra,url:iikd. in Send a message Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Mobile No. (required) Your Message Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Copyright ©2015 INDIAN INSTITUTE OF KNOWLEDGE AND DEVELOPMENT PRIVATE LIMITED Powered by iikd Call Now