JBM – JBM Foundation Ltd Home Who We Are What We Do Our Partners Contact Us Home Who We Are What We Do Our Partners Contact Us Make A Differrence Home Who We Are What We Do Our Partners Contact Us Home Who We Are What We Do Our Partners Contact Us Donate Give Children Big Smile Bright Future We promote quality education, equitable and affordable for girls, and boys in poor communities in developing countries, encourage agriculture activities to alleviate poverty.We raise awareness about preventable diseases such as; Cervical Cancer #EndCervicalCancer Watch Video Donate Now About Us JBM Foundation Ltd JBM Foundation Ltd is a Non-Government Organisation registered in the UK as a Company Limited By Guarantee with the Company House on 30th November 2015. Our vision is to promote education for all and raise awareness of preventable and curable diseases such as; Cervical Cancer Featured Causes Our vision is to promote quality education and encourage agriculture activities to combat poverty and hunger in developing countries. And raise awareness of preventable diseases such as; Cervical Cancer Agriculture Activities We encourage agriculture activities by providing expert advice and farming inputs to poor communities in developing countries. Prevention Of Diseases We raise awareness about preventable diseases worldwide, such as; Cervical Cancer. Education For All We promote quality education, equitable and affordable for girls, and boys in poor communities in developing countries. Read More £ 10 Funds Raised 1 k+ Volunteers 0 + All Projects £ 1 M+ Funds Raised Helping Us You Help Them Provide a life-changing opportunity for poor girls and boys in poor communities in developing countries to help them get a better and more fulfilled life. Partnerships, innovations, and experience have allowed us to give a sound education, prevent diseases and encourage agricultural activities for the poor and needy worldwide. Read More Our Volunteers and Members Get involved in making the world a healthier and happier place. Together we can make a difference and transform underdeveloped communities around the world. John Pete Volunteer Pastor Jerry Mabiala Member from Kenya/ Nairobi John Pete Volunteer John Pete Volunteer Our VisionOur vision is to promote quality education for all, raise awareness, prevent disease, and promote agricultural products.1.We promote quality education, equitable and affordable for girls and boys in poor communities in developing countries and encourage agriculture activities to alleviate poverty.2.We raise awareness about preventable and curable diseases around the world.3.We raise funding for building schools, promoting agriculture activities and raising awareness for preventable diseases. Our Highest Ambition is to Help People Latest Causes We are providing the poor and needy boys and girls with the resources required for a successful future. Education Expand the School we built in Africa The school we built in a poor area in the Democratic Republic of Congo needs an expansion as the number of children has tripled. One of the objectives assigned was to have many children in the area to go to school; we estimated the number of one thousand children would be ideal, but we have more than three thousand. We need more rooms to meet the demand, which is good news as the number of juvenile crimes will drop significantly and give hope to the youth. Goal: £60,000 0 % Agriculture Project Avocado Trees Planting Project We have a project to help rural people in Kasangulu, a village in Congo, to plant avocado trees on seventy-five hectares of land. The project will allow generations of villagers to sell avocados, and a thousand plants will help the atmosphere with carbon dioxide to participate in the world effort against climate change; as we all know, tree planting is one the most significant and cheapest ways of taking carbon dioxide (CO2) out of the atmosphere to tackle the climate change. Goal: £80,000 0 % Education For Bright Future We have a project to build an orphan school in Kenya/ Nairobi. We have the land and raising funds now to start the project. We will be working with a local church to achieve the task. A national HIV survey in 2021 revealed approximately 2.6 million Orphans and Vulnerable Children ( OVC) in Kenya; 1.8 million were orphans, and 750,00 were vulnerable. The objective of the project is to help these children to have a bright future through education Goal: £80,000 0 % Our Partners People that get involved in making the world a healthier and happier place. Together we can make a difference and transform the under-developed communities around the world. You Call It a Donation, We Call It Hope! Help us give hope to girls, and boys in poor communities in developing countries. Your involvement goes a long way. Donate Now 15 Durbin House, 440 Fore Street, London N90QE, United Kingdom| Phone: 004-4790-874-3685 | Email: info@jbmfoundationltd.com © 2022 Powered By JBM Foundation