A K Gandhi and Associates Mon-Sat 10:00-21:00 0981-965-3810 A K Gandhi and Associates chartered accountant Home (current) About Us Our Services Contact Us we are ready to help you ONE STOP BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Our services are designed to incorporate your business in the simplest and fastest manner. contact us we are ready to provide Expertise you need Services you deserve We have the team you need to meets your requirements.We are always evolving and constantly evaluating. our services We are your PERFECT BUSINESSCompliance PARTNER Expanding presence or relocating your existing business is now easier. learn more Connect to us through whatsapp right now ? We are always ready to help our clients with our servies. Message Us - Our Services Direct Taxation Preparation, filing and Assisting in income tax and TDS Return. Income tax audit and transfer pricing Audit. Read More Indirect Taxation Preparing , filing and Assisting in GST registration, GST Returns, GST Audit and much more. Read More Bank Audit Handling statutory Bank Branch audit, Concurrent audit, Stock audit and Revenue audit of public sector Banks. Read More Work Relating to Charitable Institute Registration under charity commissioner, Section 12AA and 80G. Compliance of trust under Various Act. Read More Compliance for Corporates Formation of company and LLP. Compliance and audit of companies and LLP. Read More Financial Planning and Assistance Preparation of CMA report, projected and provision financial Statements. Assistance in ... Read More Who we are Get to know about our company A K GANDHI AND ASSOCIATES , Chartered Accountant was established in the year 2015 by Mr. Arpit Kumar Gandhi located at Mumbai. The Firm is Having Experience in the area of Statutory Audits, Direct Tax, Indirect Tax, Charity Commissioner Work, Bank Audits. The firm is predominantly in practice of Taxations & Audits of Private Limited & Limited Companies..... Read More Request a call back Send Message OR Contact Us A K Gandhi and Associates Additional Pages About Us Our Service Contact Us Contact Us Thankyou for contacting us we ll get back to you soon Send Message Copyright © 2020 A K Gandhi and Associates