NIT Rourkela Admission Placement Career Webmail NITRis ParentConnect हिंदी में National Institute of Technology Rourkela राष्ट्रीय प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान राउरकेला ଜାତୀୟ ପ୍ରଯୁକ୍ତି ପ୍ରତିଷ୍ଠାନ ରାଉରକେଲା An Institute of National Importance Institute About NITR Welcome to NITR Vision and Mission Former Directors Ranking and Recognition Campus and Facilities Campus Map Gallery Contact Us Administration Council for NITs Board of Governors The Senate Chairperson Director NITR Administration Finance Committee Buildings and Works Committee Key Documents Act and Statutes Minutes of NIT Council Minutes of BOG Minutes of FC Minutes of BWC Minutes of Senate Rules and Regulations Annual Reports Accreditation Data for NIRF Data for NBA Data for ARIIA Data for QS Academics Academic Admissions Academic Programmes Academic Regulations Academic Calendar Academic Time Table Curricula and Syllabi Convocation Technical Service Units Health Centre Lawn and Garden Planning and Development Departments Engineering Planning and Architecture Science Humanities and Social Science School of Management Support Centres Centre for Automation Technology Career Development Centre Biju Pattnaik Central Library Student Activity Centre Computer and Informatics Centre Technology Innovation and Industry Relations A N Khosla Technology Enabled Learning (ANKCTEL) Centres of Research Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Computer Vision & Pattern Recognition Excellence for Tribal Studies Excellence on Public Health Nutrition Industrial Electronics & Robotics Nanomaterials Poverty Alleviation Research Centre Renewable Energy Systems Space Technology Incubation Center Steel Research Centre Facilities Central Workshop Central Research Facility High Performance Computing Students Prospective Students Why NIT Rourkela Gallery Campus Life For International Students Financial Assistance Academic Programmes Curriculum and Syllabi How to Apply Admission Process Admission Advt. and Notices Project Advt. and Notices FAQs Existing Students Rules and Regulations Forms Academic Calendar Time Table Holidays Academic ERP (NITRis) Parent Connect Examination and Results Online Fee Payment Other Related Links UGC NAD / ABC Bureau Internship Programmes Institute Counselling Service Student Activity Centre Career Development Centre Central Library Halls of Residence Monday Morning NEWS Faculty and Staff Prospective Employee What is NITR Why Join NITR Job Openings Existing Employee Faculty Directory Officer Directory Staff Directory Campus Life Rules and Regulations Circular and Notices Official Forms Useful Links ERP (NITRis) HR and Payroll Health Centre Guest House SRICCE Purchase and Store Retired Employee Pensioners Pensioner Life Certificate Research Publications and Patents Sponsored Projects Consultancy Projects Continuing Education Conferences Workshops Seminars Intellectual Property Innovation Centre Alumni Alumni Relations Giving back to Alma Mater Transcripts Director's Message to Alumni Resources Central Research Facility Centre for Technology Innovation and Industry Relations Foundation for Technology and Business Incubation High Performance Computing Industrial Consultancy Previous Next Scrutiny List along with Schedule of Presentation & Personal Interview for Faculty Recruitment (First and Second Round) About the Institute NIT Rourkela is one of the premier national level institutions for technical education in the country and is funded by the Government of India. The Government of India has elevated the Regional Engineering College, Rourkela to a university under the name of National Institute of Technology, Rourkela. The main objective of the Institute is to produce quality Engineers and Scientists in Graduate and Post-Graduate levels in various branches of Engineering and Science. The Institute is managed by the Board of Governors of National Institute of Technology (Rourkela) Society... Learn More Vision To become an internationally acclaimed institution of higher learning that will serve as a source of knowledge and expertise for the society and be a preferred destination for undergraduate and graduate studies. Mission To advance and spread knowledge in the area of science and technology leading to creation of wealth and welfare of humanity. Message from Director It is a privilege for me to have assumed the position of Director, NIT Rourkela, on 18th February 2022. NIT Rourkela has a rich legacy of sixty dedicated years of service to the nation and is the pride of Odisha. Excellence in teaching and high-quality research are the pillars on which the Institute is built. The Institute aims to foster 21st-century skills and competencies supported by defined learning frameworks and industrial internships for the students as part of Industry 4.0. With these skillsets, our students are future-ready to make an impact at work in general and society in particular. Learn More Prof. K. Umamaheshwar Rao Notice All Notice NOTICE FOR ENGAGEMENT OF CONSULTANT (VETERINARY) 01 Mar 2024 SCRUTINY RESULT FOR ADMISSION TO MBA 2024-25 (FIRST ROUND) 29 Feb 2024 Summer Internship Programme 2024 29 Feb 2024 This is for the information of the candidates appearing in the faculty recruitment that the accommodation in the guest house will be provided in "first cum first serve" mode on sharing basis on the date of arrival of the candidate. The candidates are advised to contact Manager, Guest house (9439080737) one day prior to their arrival to know about the availability of accommodation 22 Feb 2024 Scrutiny List along with Schedule of Presentation & Personal Interview for Faculty Recruitment (First and Second Round) 19 Feb 2024 Establishment of Prof. S.S.Pani Endowment Chair Professor 16 Jan 2019 Notice for caution regarding fraudulent recruitment/admission 28 Feb 2018 CGPA to Percentage (%) Conversion 21 Feb 2017 Latest News All News Kasturi Panda, a Computer Science and Engineering student from the class of 2019, has bagged Rank 67 in the Civil Services Examination conducted by UPSC. NIT Rourkela extend the heartiest congratulations to her for this outstanding achievement. Know More NIT Rourkela for the second time in a row to conduct centralised counselling for the Central Seat Allocation Board (CSAB) 2023 for admission into Undergraduate (UG) programmes. Students holding OCI (Overseas Citizen of India) and PIO (Persons of Indian Origin) cards, this year for the admission, the CSAB has allowed them for admission to seats for Indian nationals in the NIT+ system from this year. Know More First time in history, NITR Office Automation Cell has delivered its automation software to an external academic institute though a purchase agreement. Based on request from NIAMT Ranchi, the NITR automation cell has customized its faculty recruitment module over a duration of one month. The recruitment portal: https://recruitment.niamt.ac.in/faculty is activated on 13 January. In this occasion the Director, NIT Rourkela, Prof. K. Umamaheshwar Rao has congratulated the Automation Team. Know More Admissions CCMT CCMN JOSAA CSAB DASA Upcoming Events All Events 04 Mar 2024 ABC of IoT 2024 Know More 04 Mar 2024 Synthesis of electroactive hybrid composite materials and their application in supercapacitors for portable and smart electronics Know More 08 Mar 2024 ICSSR SPONSORED INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INDIAN KNOWLEDGE SYSTEMS: THOUGHT, THEORY AND TRADITION FOR HUMAN RESOURCE EXCELLENCE 8-10th MARCH 2024 (HYBRID MODE) Know More 13 Mar 2024 Power Converters for Green Energy and EV Integration (PCGEEI -2024) Know More 12 Apr 2024 5-day Short Term Course: Winter School on Fundamentals of Vibrations (WinVibFundae-2023) Know More 01 Jul 2024 Third International Workshop on Recent Advances in Program Analysis and Software Testing (RAPAST-2024 ) Know More 19 Jul 2024 2024 IEEE International Conference on Smart Power Control and Renewable Energy (ICSPCRE-2024) Know More 19 Aug 2024 Workshop/FDP on “From Bench to Bedside: Challenges in Translational Biomedical Research Know More Seminars All Seminars 06 Mar Defence Seminar Studies on Modelling for Diffusion-Mass Transfer in Solid Oxide Fuel Cell Read More Meeting Hall, Department of Chemical Engineering (Hybrid Mode), 03.30PM P Ramakrishnan ( Rollno : 513ch3074) 06 Mar Registration Seminar Development of Machine Learning Models for Prediction of Dump Slope Failures in Opencast Coal Mines Read More Seminar Room, Mining Engineering Department, 11:00 Arun Kumar Sahoo ( Rollno : 920mn5019) 06 Mar Departmental Seminar Prediction of Solar Cycle 25 using F10.7cm Solar Radio Flux, SARIMA model and Machine Learning Techniques Read More Committe Room , 11:00 AM Prof. Susanta Kumar Bisoi 07 Mar Registration Seminar Additive Manufacture of 18Ni(300) Maraging Steel Part: Characterization of Microstructure and Mechanical Properties Read More Seminar Hall (ME Department) ME001, 04:00 PM Sudipta Swain ( Rollno : 522me6016) 07 Mar Registration Seminar Dynamic Analysis of Mine Rock Slope under the influence of production blasting Read More Seminar Room, Mining Engineering Department, 11:00 Pritiranjan Singh ( Rollno : 919mn5116) 07 Mar Departmental Seminar Measurement techniques, environmental monitoring, toxicology assessment and treatment technologies on the microplastic research Read More Old Seminar Hall, Department of Chemical Engineering, 4:00 P.M. Sreeshma Gopal (Phd, Roll No. 522ch6007) 11 Mar Defence Seminar Development of Drug-Eluting Substrates for Coronary Artery Disease Read More BM Department Seminar Room ( Room No BM140), 02.30 pm Monalisha Mohanta ( Rollno : 518bm1005) 11 Mar Defence Seminar Outward FDI, Country Risk, and Policy Space: Evidences from Emerging Countries Read More Room No. MN - 436, Seminar Room, HS Department, Near Lift, Third Floor, Academic Building, NIT Rourkela, 06:00 PM Pragyanrani Behera ( Rollno : 516hs1005) 11 Mar Registration Seminar Managing Risks in Indian Agriculture: An Assessment of Risk Models for Pricing of Crop Insurance Contracts Read More SM324, 10:30 Bhaktideepa Sahu ( Rollno : 522sm2003) 11 Mar Synopsis Seminar Exploring Molecular Intricacy: Development of Facile Carbon-Heteroatom Bonds via Oxidative Dearomatization Reactions (ODRs) Read More Seminar Room – Department of Chemistry (Hybrid mode: meet.google.com/hoj-degx-tyn), 11 .30 am Barnali Roy ( Rollno : 517cy6011) Ranking and Recognition Vew All NIRF Ranking - 2023 16 Engineering 08 Architecture 29 Research 37 Overall QS World University Ranking - 2024 291-300 ASIA University 67 Southren Asia University QS World University Sustainability Ranking - 2024 676 Overall Category 177 Asia Region 21 Country / Territory (India) Times Higher Education Ranking - 2024 601-800 Engineering and Technology (by Subject) 601-800 World University Ranking 20 Department 7700+ Students 390+ Faculty 350+ Staff 15100+ Publications 40+ Patents 10900+ Articles 3000+ Conference Academic Programme UNDERGRADUATE POSTGRADUATE DOCTORAL EXECUTIVE PH.D. PART TIME PROGRAMMES UNDERGRADUATE Admission to undergraduate courses is made in the autumn semester at the first-year level through JEE (Main) or similar test approved by NIT Council, the counselling for which is done by Joint Seat Allocation Authority (JoSAA) and Central Seat Allocation Board (CSAB) or its equivalent approved by the NIT Council and/or Central Government. Besides, a specified number of foreign nationals selected under the policy of the Government of India may be admitted directly to the 1st-year of any of the programmes. POSTGRADUATE M. Tech. The courses leading to M. Tech. degree are open to candidates who have obtained the requisite qualification with 60% marks or 6.50 CGPA in aggregate in the qualifying examination. Admission for the GATE qualified candidates is made through Common Admission Process called Central Counselling for Master’s of Technology (CCMT). Relaxation up to 5% of marks or 0.5 CGPA is allowed by senate for sponsored candidates with proven research or profession experience. M.Sc. For admission to M. Sc., candidates must have required B. Sc. degree with the subject applied for as one of the subjects (either Pass or Honours), Mathematics in +2 levels is compulsory for all courses except Life Science. The admission to the above programmes is made through Centralized Counselling for M.Sc. M. A. (Development Studies) The requisite academic qualification for MA in Development Studies is B. Tech. / B. A. / B. Sc. / B. Com. with 55% marks or 6.00 CGPA. Amongst B. A. / B. Sc. / B. Com. applicants with honours are given preference. Admission to the programme is made on the basis of career marks. M. B. A. Minimum eligibility criterion for admission to MBA is any Graduate with 60% or 6.5 CGPA (on 10-point scale) and 55% or 6.0 CGPA in case of SC/ST candidates. Applicants who have qualified at national/international tests for admission to business schools with high scores get preference. Final selection is based on group discussion and personal interview conducted at the Institute, along with academic career and score of national or international tests. DOCTORAL The institute offers various research centric courses in various departments/ Centers like Post Doc, PhD, M.Tech research under various schemes with fellowship and sponsored programs like QIP and self financed. Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) The Institute provides facilities for research leading to the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Engineering, Science, Management, Planning and Architecture, Humanities and Social Sciences in various disciplines. Candidates except the members of the Institute faculty, QIP scholars and scholars nominated by the Central Government have to be selected by Departmental Research Committee (DRC) on the basis of their academic background, performance in written test and/or interview. M.Tech(Research) A few departments like … offer M.Tech by research. This course don’t have a time bound and the course work will be decided by the Masters Scrutiny Committee (MSC). This course requires a submission of original research in form of a thesis..The minimum qualification required for admission to the program is one of the following. B.E/B.Tech/B.Pharm/MCA or equivalent in relevant discipline with 7.0 CGPA or 65% marks in aggregate. M.Sc in Basic Sciences with CGPA 6.5 or 60% marks in aggregate in relevant disciplines. M.B.B.S with CGPA 6.5 or 60% marks in aggregate. M.Sc./M.A/MBA/M.Com. in Humanities and Social Sciences or Management with CGPA 6.5 or 60% marks. EXECUTIVE PH.D. NIT Rourkela has opened its doors for working professionals by offering programmes which are designed to enable them to pursue their doctorate degree while continuing in their Job/Profession in order to help them to accelerate their career. Candidates with minimum eligibility criteria as per NIT guidelines can apply and they will be selected based upon their academic background, performance in written test and/or interview. PART TIME PROGRAMMES NIT Rourkela has opened its doors for working professionals. These programmes are designed to enable them to pursue higher study while continuing in their Job/Profession in order to help them to accelerate their career. Media Coverage Tweets by nitrourkela Campus Life Thought of the Day It is a fine thing to be honest, but it is also very important to be right. --Winston Churchill -- Word of the Day बल FORCE National Institute of Technology Rourkela, Odisha, India, 769008 0661-246-2020 / 2002 registrar@nitrkl.ac.in IMPORTANT LINKS Webmail NITRis Holidays Academic Calendar Academic TimeTable Admission Advt. & Notices Career Tenders Guest House OTHER LINKS NIRF NBA FTBI NAD Cell Unnat Bharat Abhiyan Internal Complaint Cell Institute Counselling Service Central Research Facility GATI Copyright © 2024 National Institute of Technology Rourkela. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Hyperlinking Policy Privacy Policy Copyright