Publish your Book in 25 Days | Book Publishers | Book Publishers In Delhi Publish Your Book with us and get 10% Discount Manda PublishersManda Publishers is providing best self publishing services at your convenience Home Shop Bookstore Featured Books Packages Contact Us About Us My Account Login Register Orders Account details My Points Logout Author Dashboard Get Published Home Shop Bookstore Featured Books Packages Contact Us About Us My Account Login Register Orders Account details My Points Logout Author Dashboard 0 Cart is empty Manda PublishersManda Publishers is providing best self publishing services at your convenience Home Shop Bookstore Featured Books Packages Contact Us About Us My Account Login Register Orders Account details My Points Logout Author Dashboard Become a Published Author in Days Publish your Book, We provide the Easiest yet Fastest way to publish your book in days and sell it around the globe. No commission will be charged ever, take 100% Net profit home. India’s Fastest Growing Self Book Publisher. Get Published Book Publishers, best book publisher, publish a book, how to publish a book, self publishing, book publishers near me, book publishers in delhi, hindi book publishers, self-book publishers Lets Discuss about your Book ! Just fill out your details, one of our Publishing Consultants will contact you and clear all your doubts and queries. Consultation form One of our publishing consultants will get in touch with you. Feel free to ask any question. Send Why we are the "Right Choice" 100% Royalty We know what it takes to write a book. Don’t settle for meager royalties and an annual payout. Earn maximum profits from your book sales and get paid every month. Experienced Designers Get your work done by our experienced designers from formatting, beautification, cover designing etc. of your book. Sell Your Book Globally Sell your book globally and reach a 50 times wider audience as well as earn more. we will help you to find your ideal readers globally. Expert Consultation Discuss your book with a highly professional publishing consultant and get your all queries resolved related to the publishing of your book. Book Publishing Process Simple and Transparent Choose a Package Choose a package that best suits your publishing needs. All our packages are fully customizable. Check our packages Submit Your Content Submit your draft manuscript to us. Our best designers will start working on it and the book cover, following your input. Keep Updated We will keep you updated with the progress of your book publishing work. Published in *25 Days Congrats, Your book is now published and available in 90+ countries for purchase. You will start earning royalty from sales. Packages Designed For You Our Packages are fully customizable. Beginner Package 6559 ₹6,699 One time Legal ServicesBasic Editing ServicesSelling Services100% Royalty Know More Intermediate Package 12899 ₹13,999 One time Legal ServicesExtensive Editing ServicesSelling Services Nationally & Globally100% Royalty Know More Advanced Package 32999 ₹32,999 One time Legal ServicesExtensive Editing ServicesSelling Services Nationally & GloballyBasic Marketing Plan Know More Pro Package 59999 ₹59,999 One time Legal Services Pro Editing Services Selling Services Nationally & Globally Marketing Plan & Execution Guide Know More With a wide reach in over 90 countries and more than 25,000 + locations through the world’s best platforms,our huge network channel gets you the opportunities you always wanted for your book. Sit Back and Relax ! Manda Publishers is a self-publishing company that provides book publishing services and sells published books in more than 90 countries. At Manda Publishers, trust and quality are placed on priority and our focus is on building trustful and effective relationships. Our professional employees with their precise knowledge and experience make it easy for the authors to publish the book safely and do the best quality work. There is complete transparency of every work, nothing remains hidden. Authors are kept informed of every important information they should know. Trust Transparency Creativity 0 Titles Published 0 Authors Joined us 0 Bestsellers 0 Countries for Selling Books Check out our "Readers Choice" Best handpicked books for your collection Aparajita StutiAuthor: Geetanjali About the BookAparajita Stuti is a part of a popular religious text of Sanatana Dharma - Durga Saptashati, also known as Devi Mayatmya, which in turn is part of an ancient text called Markandeya Purana, a collection of prayers and mythological tales written by Sage Markandeya. As a text, Durga Saptashati essentially tells the story of the Primordial Mother, Ma Adishakti (the energy that created this universe). When demonic forces overrun the kingdom of Earth and start threatening the virtuous, Mother comes to their rescue. View More We're biased... Read what our authors say As a Compiler and an Editor, my eight compiled anthologies have been published in one and a half years of fellowship with Manda Publishers. Reliability, refined quality, excellence in workability, and economical price are the merits that vary Manda Publishers from others. Nidhi Sehgal Compiler of Rangbirangi, Jharokha, Anjuman & 4 more. As a co-author of Tail of Tales, I am so honored to get my work published by Manda publishers whose done an excellent job to make this book super successful. Karan jeet Singh Co Author, Tails of Tales Manda publishers have dealt with my priorities in an organized manner and also they are punctual about their work and they work with finesse and I am really satisfied with the publication... It's was a good experience. Riya Madigeri Author, The Unspoken Three storybooks Shyamla, Maah, and Vihangam have been published by Manda Publishers. high quality, printing, and affordable prices make Manda Publishing House superior to other publishing houses. Sangeeta Rajpoot Author of Shyamla, maah, vihangam, alhaad, kesariya. Madhukr and vachaal FAQ Frequently asked questions by the authors Book publishing process and how it works ? You just need to choose our package and prepare a draft soft copy of your content, rest will be handled by our professional team from formatting your content, beautification, ISBN allocation, designing the cover, listing-selling nationally and internationally, etc. How much does book publishing cost ? We have multiple packages from budget-friendly to premium ones. you can choose any of them according to your need. Click here to see packages How can someone will be able to purchase my book? We are partnered with multiple selling platforms like Amazon, Flipkart, Amazon Kindle, Google Play Books, Rakuten Kobo, and many more. We’ll sell your book on your behalf nationally and globally both ebook and paperback and give you 100% profit earned per book sold. What will be my profit ? Everyone wants something in return, you will earn 100% net profit per book sold on any of the selling platforms. No charges or commission will be deducted ever. How do i know how many copies of my book have been sold ? Post publishing of your book we will create an author dashboard where you can check how many copies of your book have been sold to date and how much you have earned from selling as well as you can directly redeem the earned royalty from the dashboard in your desired payment method. I don't know much about publishing Don’t worry, we are holding your back. We have made it very easy for you. All you have to do is tell us about your requirements, leave the rest to our professionals, they will turn your book into a masterpiece. What is isbn? An ISBN is essentially a product identifier used by publishers, booksellers, libraries, internet retailers and other supply chain participants for ordering, listing, sales records and stock control purposes. The ISBN identifies the registrant as well as the specific title, edition and format. Check our Bestsellers on Amazon Amazon Our Selling Partners Manda Publishers is the ultimate destination for authors seeking the finest avenue to self-publish their books, combining exceptional services with cutting-edge technological advancements. With our unrivaled commitment to quality and innovation, Manda Publishers emerges as the definitive choice for authors venturing into independent book publishing. Engage in enlightening conversations with our team of publishing experts, craft your ideal publishing plan, and witness your literary prowess surpass the competition effortlessly. Take the leap and experience the Manda Publishers advantage, elevating your publishing journey to unprecedented heights. Quick Links HomeShopPackagesEnglish AnthologiesHindi AnthologiesCommunity InitiativeStudents/Teachers OffersAboutContact Us Contact +91 9999190496publish@mandapublishers.com hello@mandapublishers.com Subscribe To Our EmailFor Latest Offers & Updates Leave this field empty if you're human: © 2024 Manda Publishers. All rights reserved. Images by icons8.com Privacy Policy Terms and conditions Cancellation, Return & Refund Policy Ship and Delivery Shopping Basket Home Shop Cart Plans Account Start your Publishing Process Today Let us reach out to you Name Mobile number About your Book Select a Package Festival Special 1 Festival Special 2 Festival Special 3 Contact me