David Saltzman | Freelancer, Ghostwriter, Copywriter top of pageDSHOMEABOUT MESERVICESPORTFOLIOEXPERIENCECONTACTMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items.I'M David saltzman.WRITER, EDITOR, MAKER OF CONTENT. WHAT FOLKS THESE DAYS CALL A CREATIVE.1Drop Me a LineORSchedule Your Free Consultation1. Noun. Someone who's managed to take their knack for storytelling and turn it into a lifestyle choice. e.g. "Oh, that Danny, he's always loved his stories." "Yeah, he's working in Hollywood now." "Oh, he's a creative? Who knew‽" ​ alt. Someone who puts words together real pretty. ​ABOUTMEI. ABOUT MEWHO I AM LEARN MORE >Hi. I'm David. I'm a father, a husband, a recovering attorney, a dog owner, and a writer. ​ For as long as I can remember, I've loved words. There's a magic to good writing, how that peculiar alchemy of language can conjure emotion, offer insight, even move us to action. How sentences lodge in the chest, then linger in the mind. How in searching for the right words, we discover what we mean to say. ​ Writing is how we communicate with others. Which means my job, as a writer, is fundamentally about bringing people together. ​ It's what I love to do, and what I do best. How, specifically, I do that--well, that depends on you. ​ Whether you need content to post on your site, a speech written in your voice, or simply a second set of eyes on something you've already written, I can help. I pride myself on understanding others--their perspectives, emotions, intentions, and voice--and specialize in helping them express themselves. I can take those ideas you've always wanted to express and get them out into the world, help refine what you've already done, or guide you to the best strategy for making sure that, once written, your ideas reach as far as possible. ​ The possibilities are endless, but the principle is always the same: I'll make sure that when the world sees your thoughts, it sees them at their best. I. THE BASICSWHAT I DO LEARN MORE >I write. Quickly, and well. I work to deadline, under budget, and on-message. I make you sound amazing. I help craft your message. I copywrite, ghostwrite, and guest write. I develop narratives, drive content, express your passion in language it deserves. I give voice to your ideas, context to your voice, and content to your site.I write. Quickly, and well. I work to deadline, under budget, and on-message. I make you sound amazing. I help craft your message. I copywrite, ghostwrite, and guest write. I develop narratives, drive content, express your passion in language it deserves. I give voice to your ideas, context to your voice, and content to your site.WRITINGI take your words and make them pop. I help guide your writing to the best version of itself. I work with novels, short stories, articles, websites, advertising copy, or however else your words may be arranged. I can make your scenes pop, craft your messaging into a compelling narrative, and take your content from good to great.I take your words and make them pop. I help guide your writing to the best version of itself. I work with novels, short stories, articles, websites, advertising copy, or however else your words may be arranged. I can make your scenes pop, craft your messaging into a compelling narrative, and take your content from good to great.EDITINGI guide your brand to the next level. I construct narratives around your personal brand, message, or company, and build strategies to help you meet your marketing goals. I advise on ways to reach your clients, and teach how storytelling can be the most powerful marketing tool of all. I offer insights, guidance, and perspective.I guide your brand to the next level. I construct narratives around your personal brand, message, or company, and build strategies to help you meet your marketing goals. I advise on ways to reach your clients, and teach how storytelling can be the most powerful marketing tool of all. I offer insights, guidance, and perspective.ADVISORYSERVICESPORTFOLIOII. PORTFOLIOMY LATEST WORK. SEE MORE > “Three Unexpected Social Benefits of Joining a Coworking Space,” Forum Coworking, December 14, 2019. “Withholding Information in Nathan Englander’s ‘Reunion,’” CRAFT Literary, October 15, 2019. “Staying Lean with Paid Search and Social,” Thinker Ventures, July 20, 2018. Yeah. That's my keyboard. <3<3<3EXPERIENCEIII. ExperienceSTUFF I'VE DONE. LEARN MORE ABOUT ME >Professional DocumentsIf you happen to prefer your professional history in the traditional, bullet-pointed form, please click the button below.Download My Resume2014-2018INSTITUTE FOR GLOBAL ETHICS Program DirectorMy Life NowDAVID SALTZMAN ENTERPRISES Freelance CreativeI create things, usually with words. Sometimes, people pay me. ​ ​I was primarily responsible for content creation. Additionally, I conceived, executed, and managed social-media strategy, designed presentations, websites, branding, donor updates, and other media; administered our website, newsletter, and donor-management system; and orchestrated all our donor communications, including seasonal updates and annual appeals. 2009-2014I represented clients on a range of matters, civil and criminal, including trial- and appellate-level criminal defense, civil litigation, family law, landlord-tenant disputes, and a bunch of other stuff that's not really relevant to why you should hire me to write for you. 2007-2009 SALTZMAN LAW OFFICES, LLC AttorneyContact That Guy TodayYou might be asking yourself, hey, what's up with the mountain imagery? That's got nothing to do with freelancing. Or writing. It's just a generic stock photo of some mountains. ​ This is a fair point. ​ On the other hand, doesn't a guy who finds meaning, humor, and metaphor even in the most generic stock imagery imaginable sound like someone you'd want writing for you? I bet it does. ​ ​ ​2017 Warren Wilson College, M.F.A., Fiction ​ 2007 University of Wisconsin Law School, J.D., cum laude ​ 2004 University of Wisconsin-Madison, B.A., Philosophy, honorsAcademic CredentialsWISCONSIN LAW SCHOOL Adjunct ProfessorShortly after graduation, I taught two classes at UW Law. One, Clarity and Audience, was an advanced legal-writing course focusing on precise analysis and effective organization of legal issues. The other, Conflict of Laws, was an upper-level course on arcane matters of interstate civil procedure that I'd never actually taken as a student. People still yell at me about the final. It wasn't even that bad. Look! It's me! And you! And some other guy! Climbing the mountain, together! Working as a team to reach the summit! Aren't mountains inspiring? Metaphors are the best. IV. CONTACTYOU KNOW WHAT TO DOhello@davidsaltzman.com 608.620.1818SendSuccess! Message received.CONTACT© 2018 by David Saltzman. Cover photo taken by Ilana Natasha Photography, of Madison, WI. DSbottom of page