NANOMAT2023 | Nanomaterials 2023 | Nanomaterial Conferences | Top Conferences in Nanomaterials | 2D Materials | Graphene Technology | Nanophotonics | Applications of Nanomaterials | Material Science | Nanotechnology | Nanoengineering | Nanomedicine | Rome | Italy | March 20-22 | 2023 GSEMSE2023 June 19-21, 2023 Paris, France Submit Abstract Register Toggle navigation Home Conference Committee Plenary Speakers Keynote Speakers Important Dates Submissions Call for Abstracts Topics Submit Abstract Registration Register Terms and conditions Information Venue Visa Invitation Letter Sponsorship/Exhibitor Previous Glimpse Contact About GSEMSE2023 Distinguished colleagues worldwide, On behalf of the organizing and program committees, I am honored to invite you to the “2nd Global Summit on Nanomaterials: Applications and Properties” which will be held in Rome, Italy on March 20-22, 2023.Research on Materials is fundamental to any kind of application. Properties of Nanomaterials are governed not only by chemical composition but additionally by quantum mechanics. Thus applications previously not thinkable appear on the horizon.The aims and objectives of this unique Summit are thus to present the most recent developments in the vertically integrated fields from growth via characterization to applications. Insight into the latest results on research and technology in these fields from leading researchers throughout the world will be gained.The theme of the Summit reflects our willingness and enthusiasm to offer a truly innovative and imaginative Program whilst presenting an attractive keynote and invited lectures and contributed sessions with well-balanced input from academia and industry. The summit will provide the ideal forum to stimulate ideas and establish collaborations as well as to initiate intense discussions to start cooperation projects for this decade.In addition to the intellectual pursuits and professional engagements provided by the conference, I hope you have a good time to renew old friendships, forge new ones, and enjoy the lively cosmopolitan city of Rome. I wish your participation at this conference will bring you both valuable professional growth and treasured personal memories to Rome. Sincerely,Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Dieter BimbergConference Chair | NANOMAT2023‘Bimberg Chinese-German Center for Green Photonics’ CIOMP,Chinese Academy of Sciences, Changchun, and Center of Nano-Photonics, Technical University of Berlin, Germany Paris, France City Tour Latest News Conference Committee Updated Abstract Submission is Open Registration is Open Earlybird Registration Ends on | June 29, 2022 Tweets Tweets by GSEMSE2023 Plenary Speakers Bashiru Aremu Biography Bashiru Aremu Crown UniversityWest Africa × Biography H.E World Acclaimed Professor Emeritus (on merit) SirBashiruAremu World Acclaimed Professor Emeritus (on merit ) Sir BashiruAremu has been appointed as a principal officer all over the world at higher education institutions and has held the following positions: Most Academy Excellent World Acclaimed Distinguished Prof. Emeritus (on Merit, Honored and Ranked) of Computer Science, Information and Communication Technology of The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Centre Central and South America and Vice President, The International Centre for Eye Research and Education, Argentina in South America :Reg. Arg. 22/LT-19 and published with ISBN 978-1571-7412-6, Cum Vice Chancellor, Crown University Intl. Chartered Inc. (Americas, Ghana and partner campuses worldwide ) , Vice President for International Affairs (Vice Chairman International Affairs of Board of Trustees) at West Coast University; Vice President International Affairs (Vice Chairman International Affairs of Board of Trustees) Sastra Angkor University Kingdom of Cambodia; Deputy Director General for Africa and Research Professor at International Biographical Centre in Cambridge, UK. He also held positions as a World Grand Chancellor at the Chartered World Order of the Knights of Justice of Peace; The World Grand President, International Chartered World Learned Society, World Grand President at Africa International Institute for Professional Training and Research, World Grand President , The Chartered World Institute of Encyclopedia of Books Inc., World Distinguished Research Professor and Fellow Editorial International Advisory Board at Cambridge Scholars Publishing, Cambridge, United Kingdom, The Founder, Prof Emeritus (On merit )Sir BashiruAremu Intl. Foundation Inc., and several other institutions that have declared him as a World Acclaimed Distinguished Professor Emeritus (on merit ) by various higher institutions and organizations world-wide. H.E World Acclaimed Professor Emeritus (on merit) SirBashiruAremu World Acclaimed Professor Emeritus (on merit ) Sir BashiruAremu has been appointed as a principal officer all over the world at higher education institutions and has held the following positions: Most Academy Excellent World Acclaimed Distinguished Prof. Emeritus (on Merit, Honored and Ranked) of Computer Science, Information and Communication Technology of The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Centre Central and South America and Vice President, The International Centre for Eye Research and Education, Argentina in South America :Reg. Arg. 22/LT-19 and published with ISBN 978-1571-7412-6, Cum Vice Chancellor, Crown University Intl. Chartered Inc. (Americas, Ghana and partner campuses worldwide ) , Vice President for International Affairs (Vice Chairman International Affairs of Board of Trustees) at West Coast University; Vice President International Affairs (Vice Chairman International Affairs of Board of Trustees) Sastra Angkor University Kingdom of Cambodia; Deputy Director General for Africa and Research Professor at International Biographical Centre in Cambridge, UK. He also held positions as a World Grand Chancellor at the Chartered World Order of the Knights of Justice of Peace; The World Grand President, International Chartered World Learned Society, World Grand President at Africa International Institute for Professional Training and Research, World Grand President , The Chartered World Institute of Encyclopedia of Books Inc., World Distinguished Research Professor and Fellow Editorial International Advisory Board at Cambridge Scholars Publishing, Cambridge, United Kingdom, The Founder, Prof Emeritus (On merit )Sir BashiruAremu Intl. Foundation Inc., and several other institutions that have declared him as a World Acclaimed Distinguished Professor Emeritus (on merit ) by various higher institutions and organizations world-wide. Personal website: http://profaremubashiru.org/ Prof. Zhifeng Ren Biography Prof. Zhifeng Ren M. D. Anderson Chair Professor, Director-Texas Center for Superconductivity at the University of Houston,Top 100 Materials Scientists (#49),Highly Cited Researcher-2018,2019 × Biography Zhifeng Ren, Ph.D., is an M. D. Anderson Chair Professor of Physics at the University of Houston, also the director of the Texas Center for Superconductivity at the University of Houston (TcSUH). He received B.S. degree from Xihua University in 1984, M.S. degree from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in 1987, and Ph.D. degree from the Institute of Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1990. He has published more than 540 peer-reviewed journal papers and was awarded with more than 50 US patents. He was ranked as the 49th Materials Scientists among 500,000 in the world based on impact of papers published in the decade from 2000 to 2010. He is listed as a Highly Cited Researcher in Physics (2018) and Highly Cited Researcher in Materials Science (2019). He received the 2008 R&D 100 Award, the 2014 Edith and Peter O’Donnell Award in Science from The Academy of Medicine, Engineering & Science of Texas (TAMEST), and the 2018 Humboldt Research Award from the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation. He was elected APS fellow (2004), AAAS fellow (2005), and fellow of the National Academy of Inventors (2013). A. C. Matin Biography A. C. Matin Stanford UniversityUSA × Biography Dr. Matin has been a full professor at Stanford University for several years and is affiliated with several programs, including the Stanford Cancer Research Institute. He has contributed to many areas of biological research, including the discovery of new drugs and therapeutic enzymes and their improvement as well as their specific targeting to cancer (and other diseases). He did his Ph. D. at UCLA, spent some years in the Netherlands (State University of Groningen), where he directed a research group, before joining Stanford. He is a recipient of numerous awards and honors. Neal Tai-Shung Chung Biography Neal Tai-Shung Chung National Taiwan University of Science and Technology, TaiwanH-Index 138 × Biography Prof. Chung is a Jade Mountain Chair professor (Yushan Scholar) at the Graduate Institute of Applied Science and Technology of NTUST, Taiwan. Before joining NTUST, he was a Provost’s Chair Professor at the ChBE department of NUS in 2011-2021. His research focuses on polymeric membranes for clean water, clear air, clear energy and pharmaceutic separation. In 2005-2008, he worked as a Senior Consultant for Hyflux, led and built its membrane research team. He became a Fellow in the Academy of Engineering Singapore in 2012 and received the Underwood Medal from IChemE (Institute of Chemical Engineers, UK) for exceptional research in separations and Singapore President’s Technology Award in 2015. He was a highly cited researcher in Chemical Engineering & Materials Science and Engineering by the Elsevier and Shanghai Global Ranking in 2016 and received Distinction Award in Water Reuse and Conservation from International Desalination Association (IDA) in 2016. He was also a highly cited researcher from Clarivate Analytics in 2018 and 2019. He was ranked as No. 7 in Chemical Engineering worldwide by the list of “the top 2% scientists in the world” published by Stanford University in 2020 (http://www.globalauthorid.com/WebPortal/EliteOrder. 2020). He was one of the top 0.1% of scholars on Water Purification over the past 10 years, as "World Expert" by Expertscape (2021). (Water Purification: Worldwide - Expertscape.com). His H-index =120 (Scopus) or 138 (Google Scholar) (Aug 3, 2022). He is an editorial board member of journals including J. Membrane Science, Env. Sci. & Tech., AIChE J., Separation & Purification Tech., J. Applied Polymer Science, and many others. View All Young Scientists Forum Aim To encourage new academic inspirations To provide vibrant platform for oral presentations To Provide Networking opportunities with eminent scientists To provide friendly environment to present ideas To help to grow their skills, broaden their horizon To strengthen inter-disciplinary integration Eligibility The work must be predominately that of the student The topic must fit into scientific sessions of the conference Each individual participant is allowed to submit only one paper None of the authors should have senior position or faculty position Awards Best Poster Award: Best poster award will be given to the outstanding poster presentation The prize consists of a certificate and $400 Best Oral Award: Best oral award will be given to the outstanding presentation The prize consists of a certificate and $400 May 29, 2023 Abstract Submission Deadline June 29, 2022 Early Registration Deadline December 29, 2022 Standard Registration Deadline Conference Dates: June 19-21, 2023 days Hours Minutes Seconds Participation Opportunities Oral Presentation Oral Presentation is an effective way to present your valuable research work to get recognized. Oral Presentations consist of Plenary, Keynote and a series of Invited Talks with specific time durations. Poster Presentation A poster presentation is another potential channel to disseminate your research of a topic in a short and concise format. Posters offer the opportunity to engage with other conference attendees interested in the same subject and application as you. Workshop Presentation Workshop provides a high-yield, more efficient and effective tool for discussion, problem solving and feedback about one’s scholarly work. Each workshop lasts for 1 hour intensive and interactive discussion about a topic. Listener Participating in the conference only without neither presentation nor paper publication. Listener will get networking opportunities to exchange and gain new knowledge, while interacting with the intellectuals and academics in the field. Registration is open! To join the most influential people. Register Now Why Paris, France? Conference Will Be Held At: Crowne Plaza Dubai - Deira, Salahuddin Rd - Dubai - United Arab Emirates, Phone: +971 4 262 5555 Dubai is one of the seven emirates that make up the United Arab Emirates on the Arabian Peninsula and is one of the wonders of the modern world. It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is one of the seven emirates that make up the country. The city of Dubai is located on the emirate's northern coastline and heads up the Dubai-Sharjah-Ajman metropolitan area. Dubai has emerged as a global city and business hub of the Middle East. Dubai having expanded along both banks ... Read More Follow Us Never miss an update! CONTACT Home | Committee | Speakers | Submit Abstract | Program | Registration | Venue | Visa Information | Contact GSEMSE2023 Organized by © GSEMSE2023 All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms of Use