Medrex Pharma – Pharmaceuticals & Nutraceuticals facebook linkedin twitter plus youtube 040-64580311 / 411 [email protected] Home About Us Products Careers Contact Us Login Your True Partner in Quality Health Care Developing Affordable Products for Patients & Partners Complete Healthcare Concern, Using Research-Based Technology Ensuring High Quality Medicines at Affordable Prices Medrex – Pharmaceuticals & Nutraceuticals Welcome to Medrex Pharma Medrex Pharma is a organization launched by professionals who have over 3 decades of experience and expertise in the Pharma business and with strong growth performance and a team. We are dedicated to finding solutions to health problems through our own product development, Our business model focuses on therapeutic areas: Nutraceutical Pharmaceuticals. View More Truemed Health Care is a subsidiary of Medrex Care Pharma Limited, one of the fastest growing pharmaceutical companies of India. Truemed is a pharmaceutical supply chain partner that focuses on developing and marketing affordable, high quality, Truemed Health Care is building a strategic pharmaceutical portfolio of high quality and difficult-to-make products with various dosage forms and capabilities. MEDREX PHARMA YOU CAN GIVEN BEST OPPORTUNITIES? Our Careers About Medrex Pharma Medrex Pharma is a organization launched by professionals who have over 3 decades of experience and expertise in the Pharma business and with strong growth performance and a team. Our Mission To provide an innovative product range of high quality catering to chronic & acute disease segments, in order to serve life of people and help them enjoy longer, healthier, and more productive lives…. READ MORE Pharma Franchise Quality assurance is the trademark of our company that has helped us achieve a remarkable position in the industry. Our products go through various stages of quality testing…. READ MORE Our Quality We strive to give high quality products to our customers. We act with a most sincere effort to ensure utmost execution of our intention, so that our products get you the ultimate satisfaction… READ MORE Medrex Products We are dedicated to finding solutions to health problems through our own product development, Our business model focuses on therapeutic areas: Nutraceutical Pharmaceuticals. ACEbromaX Aceclorex AZITROMAX-500 Calrex-D3-60K Calrex-Plus Cefirex-200 Cefirex-OX CEFPOREX-CV Collarex-Gs FOLIREX-MC Lycotin Monterex-FX Moxyrex-CV-625 Neurorex Neurorex-forte Neurorex-PG Neurorex-Plus PANTACET-40 Rappirex-LSR Refast-Gel Reflax RexAll Rosurex Tendorex-RH UItraRex Responsive WordPress Image Scroller Get in Touch Medrex Pharma is a organization launched by professionals who have over 3 decades of experience and expertise in the Pharma business and with strong growth performance and a team. We are dedicated to finding solutions to health problems through our own product development, Our business model focuses on therapeutic areas: Nutraceutical Pharmaceuticals…. facebook linkedin twitter plus youtube Medrex ProductsTablets SoftGels Capsules Sachets Injections Contact Address MEDREX CARE PHARMA PVT. LTD. Plot No. 26, Vivekananda Nagar, Kukatpally, Hyderabad-500072, Telangana (India) 040-64580311 / 411 [email protected] Copyright © 2017 Medrex Pharma. All right reserved. Website Design by BWT Home About Us Products Careers Contact Us Login HomeAbout UsProductsCareersContact UsLogin