Azad Hindi Vidyalaya +91 903 314 6790 6,7,8 Ganesh Nagar,Bhestan ,Surat. Home About About Us Vision & Mission Management Trustee's Message Administrator's Message Principal's Desk Teaching Staff Academy Curriculum Activity Feature Facility Career Admission Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Contact Us Open Menu Home About About Us Vision & Mission Management Trustee's Message Administrator's Message Principal's Desk Teaching Staff Academy Curriculum Activity Feature Facility Career Admission Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Contact Us Top News Admission for classes Jr.KG to Higher Secondary for the year 2019-20 are open at Azad Hindi Vidhyalaya campus. For online admissions click here or contact us at +91 903 314 6790, Email : info@azadhindividyalaya.com about Mission Vision About our School Welcome to Azad Hindi Vidhyalaya Azad Hindi Vidhyalaya of Excellence is doing great to prepare global citizens with aesthetic sensibilities to meet the growing challenge around them. Our school is committed to provide education that helps to develop children into balanced personalities with sound values of truth, love, kindness, devotion and service before self. Pupils are encouraged to set their own personal standards of excellence in all aspects of their lives – the academic, the practical, the sporting and in their social development. See More About our MIssion School Mission Our school is committed to provide education that helps to develop children into balanced personalities with sound values of truth, love, kindness, devotion and service before self. To achieve excellence in learning both within the classroom and beyond. To empower teachers to guide children with means to construct knowledge. See More About our Vision School Vision To encourage children to think independently, to be passionate about what they wish to do, to value excellence. To be a learning mode all their lives. With knowledge, confidence, compassion and cheer, children must proceed to make the world a better place than they found it. See More Curriculum The multiple intelligences Curriculum "Our curriculum is based on extensive research and inspired by Howard Gardner’s theory of multiple intelligences." Philosophy The learning environment Philosophy Azad Hindi Vidhyalaya values a learning environment that is a safe, caring, non-threatening, challenging, and stimulating. Facilities Educational tools & facilities Facilities We strive to provide our children with best of educational tools & facilities and continuously update it. Be updated Latest News & Event 01 April 2023 Admission Open Admission open for the Academic Year 2023-24 06 August 2019 Science fair organize in School We organise Science Fair 2018 & 2019 in Azad Hindi Vidyalaya... 21 June 2019 International Yoga Day Celebrated Successfully in our School today 21st June along with lots of healthy tips... 15 August 2020 Independence Day Independence Day will be celebrated across all Azad Hindi Vidyalaya... Learn more about our Educational Programms Pre-Primary School At Azad Hindi Vidhyalaya, Education for Life, Excellence in Education and Commitment to a meaningful Education are of prime importance. Quality education is provided to each and every child. Primary School In the primary school that is from Grades 1 to 5 onward a unidirectional teaching method is being increasingly substituted by a multi directional group work method. Senior School In senior school has students enrolled from Grade 6 to Grade 12. In the 10th class students are prepared to face their first Board Examinations. Let's Socialize Photo Gallery Gallery Azad Gallery Azad Gallery Azad Gallery Azad Gallery Azad Gallery Azad Gallery Azad Gallery Azad 100 BEST TEACHERS 35 SMART EDUCATIONS 200 HAPPY STUDENTS 05 YEARS EXPERIENCE Facilities at School Campus Achievement Achievement Achievement Achievement Music And Dance Music And Dance Center In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects – Rabindranath Tagore Arts at Azad Hindi Vidhyalaya. Library & Other Library & Other Facility Sports And Games We believe that playing is essential for brain development, building confidence and… Tesitmoinals What Parents Say About us The School is ranked TOP 200 in the country and also the TOP Most sports co curricular and Infra School in Surat..The Best thing about the school is the Most qualified and high quality faculty, Excellent Visionary leadership and great culture of academics and teaching learning. Gaurav Sharma One of the great schools in town. They have excellent infrastructure, and facilities for the students. The provide ample of opportunities to the students to brush up their soft skills, analytical skills & technical skills. Ashvin Kavad One of d best school in city where everything is balanced from academic to sports and stage exposure to public speaking. Staff is also loving,caring n experienced. Doing almost everything for making their students confident,Great job team keep it up. Raj Patel Importance Of Educational Holistic Educational Approach Academic Excellence Sports Excellence Creativity & Innovation Skill Development Get in touch For any query you can call or mail us.. 6,7,8 GANESH NAGAR,BHESTAN ,SURAT - 395023 +91 903 314 6790 info@azadhindividyalaya.com CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Regular Programs Computer Lab Music & Dance Yoga Karate Opening Hours HINDI MEDIUM 12.30P.M. to 5.15P.M. (Afternoon) ENGLISH MEDIUM 7.30A.M. to 12.00A.M. (Morning) ACADEMICS ADMISSION OPEN Please get in touch with the school front desk, a counselor will meet you and guide you for procedures of admissions. CAREER WITH US We are Expanding and thus looking for Qualified, Competent and Experienced Teachers with good Communication Skills. Home About Curriculum Feature Facility Gallery Contact Us Copyright © 2019 Azad Hindi Vidyalaya, Designed & Developed by Skyzone Group Student Login