Baker Vidyapeedh Senior Secondary School - Home 0481-2569938 principalbvpktm@gmail.com Menu Home About Us about us Welcome To Baker Vidyapeedh List Of School Management Committee Curriculum Prospectus FACULTIES Staff Details Facilities Co-curricular Activities School Club Facilities Eco Club ADMISSION Admission Student List 2020 Newsletter TC Download TC VIDEOS 2023-24 Videos 2020-21 2022-23 Activities Videos 2021-22 Mandatory Public Disclosure OASIS NOC Affiliation Execution Certificate Fees Structure Affidavit Fitness Certificate Fire&Safety Annual Report 2020-2021 BVP _CALENDAR Staff Details Board Exam Result X & XII School Management Committee Trust Registration Certificate Report on Analysis of Water& Sanitation Certificate Mandatory Public Disclosure PTA BOOK APPLICATION FOR RECOGNITION SUBMITTED ON 2018 Gallery Download Contact us Pay Online Parent Login Flash News Admissions Open for Classes LKG-XI (Science,Commerce,Humanities) for the Year 2024-2025 About Us OUR MOTTO : THE LORD BESTOWS WISDOM The Baker Vidyapeedh located in the heart of kottayam town was established on 1st june 1993 as a co-educational school to meet the long felt need for an english medium school with a comprehensive syllabus for all round development of the student. The school is wholly owned and managed by the madhya kerala diocese of the church of south india.in the year 2004-05,the school was upgraded to senior secondary level. Read More OUR VISION To contribute to the society through quality education, learning and research to visualise and achieve excellence in a dynamic global community. Read More OUR MISSION A safe and globally appropriate nurturing that promotes a community where all children feel loved respected and encouraged to develop their fullest potentials. Read More PRINCIPAL'S MESSAGE CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE “Therefore welcome one another as Christ has welcomed you, for the glory of God”. Romans 15:7. Welcome to the website of Baker Vidyapeedh! Our school has been the centre of inspiration and growth focusing on warmth and thoughtfulness. We provide concrete guidance and support for meeting the standards, particularly corrective feedback, opportunities for information processing, and opportunities to display the talents during culturally relevant occasions. The focus on physical fitness, has made sports and games an integral part of our curriculum. Additional sessions in Karate, Yoga, Aerobics, Skating, Chess etc are provided in our system. Read More Greetings to you all in the name of Jesus Christ. I am very happy to connect with you all. We are living in an unprecedented time. Covid-19 has changed our world and it has affected every walk of life especially our education scenario. It is under severe pressure adapting to the situation where real classroom learning is not possible because of social distancing due to Covid-19 protocol. It is hoped that we will be able to reopen the school in the coming academic year. As the chairman of the school I thank you all for supporting the school through your sacrificial services. Blessings Rt. Rev.Malayil Sabu Koshy Cherian Bishop Read More iNDEPENDENCE DAY Video The Baker Vidyapeedh Senior Secondary School NEWS >> Baker Blossoms Read More Lakshmi B bagged the first place in both the events of Inter-school Roller Read More SSCE 2022 RESULTS (Class XII) Read More SSE RESULTS 2022 (Class X) Read More Proud Moments Read More Graduation Day Read More The New Beginning Read More Our Milestones 30 TOTAL FACULTIES 644 SCHOOL STRENGTH 100 AISSCE RESULT 100 AISSE RESULT Gallery Quick Links Facilities Newsletter Curriculum Downloads Students Corner Prospectus Parent Login TC Staff Details ALUMNI I am proud of having been Student of Baker Vidyapeedh, Kottayam. Arun Jacob Economist, Development Coordination Officer at United Nations " I owe a lot to my school and teachers for what I am today. Choosing Baker Vidyapeedh was one of the the best decisions my parents made for me .14 years from LKG to Plus 2,this place transformed me into a fine individual ready to take on the world.Always proud to be a part of this great institution." CA Kannan Jolly Abraham,ACA Finance & Tax Executive,MIDAS Looking back at the 14 years of my life as a Vidyapeedh (LKG to XII) each step I took towards learning and living proves fruitful in the present. Sweetha Saji B.A.,M.A, English Literature (First Rank for both from MG University) " The warmth, Care, Guidance and fellowship I received from Baker Vidyapeedh is still guiding me high" Elizabeth George HOD, Dept.of Botany, MarThoma College, Chungathara Research Scholar and University Rank Holder I am proud of having been Student of Baker Vidyapeedh, Kottayam. The campus has a heritage,the management has a commitment ,the staff has a unique devotion and the student-community has an expectional mutually caring culture.I am always cherishing the love and care I enjoyed from my teachers. Dr. Anna Jacob Ipswich, U.K. "I always cherish fond memories of my school where learning occurs without tears" Renjan Rajan John Doing Ph.D in the Institute of Mathematical Sciences,Chennai X Quick Links Home Downloads Gallery Contact us Quick Contact Address The Baker Vidyapeeth Senior Secondary School. Baker hill ,Kottayam, Kerala, India. Pincode :686001 Email Address principalbvpktm@gmail.com Phone Numbers 0481 2569938 Timings Office: 09:00 AM to 05:00 PM School: 09:00 AM to 04:00 PM About Us The Baker Vidyapeedh Located In The Heart Of Kottayam Town Was Established On 1st June 1993 As A Co-Educational School To Meet The Long Felt Need For An English Medium School With A Comprehensive Syllabus For All Round Development Of The Student. The School Is Wholly Owned And Managed By The Madhya Kerala Diocese Of The Church Of South India.In The Year 2004-05,The School Was Upgraded To Senior Secondary Level. Copyright © 2024 All Baker Vidyapeedh Senior Secondary School right reserved. Designed by GJ Infotech (P) Ltd.