Hamrogurukul – Management Systems Solutions Skip to content Home About Services Pricing Contact Downloads Sign Up Management Solutions For School and Colleges. Manage every need of your school on a single platform Request for Demo How It Works Simplify processes and intelligently manage your School or College. We build tools that are used today by thousands of educational organisations across the world to manage their entire learner journey – from admissions until alumni and beyond. Student Information System Manage student information, securely and efficiently and Automation of Students, Faculty & Campus Administration. Digitize student records with ease Go paperless by storing all essential data and documents in a secure and accessible place to access data faster. Eliminate manual errors From health records, grades to consent forms, update and maintain student information easily without the hassle of physical documentation Data Migration We help you migrate your old manual data to the Hsmrogurukul. Our team of expert will analyze your data either from your file or from your old system and then transfer those records to the Hamrogurukul. Learn More Software Training Any system is useless if the user do not have knowledge to operate it smoothly. Our team will provide basic to advanced training to your staffs on handling the system. Learn More No More Data Silos Irrespective of the type of institution you run, Hamrogurukal has very flexible School Management System, College Management System to ensure you provide better Experience. Fee Management Admission Management School Management College Management Result Management Class Management Know More About Us Complete Mobile Web Solutions Hamrogurukul is all you need to auto-pilot your school and college. Hamrogurukul handles every aspect of schools, so you can get back to doing what matters the most – helping students and building their future. Know More About Us School ERP College ERP E Learning School ERP MasterSoft Cloud- Based School ERP is a complete solution developed with the aim of impacting Learning Outcomes & Campus Management by automating all life cycles - Student, Faculty & Administration and providing actionable insights via Smart Analytics.Latest Technology & Smart IntegrationSmart features such as BI Tools, Biometric Identification, Mobile Apps, Auto-triggered notifications, and Bus tracking and much more to ensure best outcomes & transparency between school & parents.CSMS supports all Boards, CBSE, ICSE, State, IB & Cambridge.Enables active communication between key stakeholders to improve student learning.Statistical Analysis presented by BI Tools suggests valuable inferences.Interactive e-learning creates an engaging teaching-learning environment, creating experiential learning. School ERP MasterSoft Cloud- Based School ERP is a complete solution developed with the aim of impacting Learning Outcomes & Campus Management by automating all life cycles - Student, Faculty & Administration and providing actionable insights via Smart Analytics.Latest Technology & Smart IntegrationSmart features such as BI Tools, Biometric Identification, Mobile Apps, Auto-triggered notifications, and Bus tracking and much more to ensure best outcomes & transparency between school & parents.CSMS supports all Boards, CBSE, ICSE, State, IB & Cambridge.Enables active communication between key stakeholders to improve student learning.Statistical Analysis presented by BI Tools suggests valuable inferences.Interactive e-learning creates an engaging teaching-learning environment, creating experiential learning. School ERP MasterSoft Cloud- Based School ERP is a complete solution developed with the aim of impacting Learning Outcomes & Campus Management by automating all life cycles - Student, Faculty & Administration and providing actionable insights via Smart Analytics.Latest Technology & Smart IntegrationSmart features such as BI Tools, Biometric Identification, Mobile Apps, Auto-triggered notifications, and Bus tracking and much more to ensure best outcomes & transparency between school & parents.CSMS supports all Boards, CBSE, ICSE, State, IB & Cambridge.Enables active communication between key stakeholders to improve student learning.Statistical Analysis presented by BI Tools suggests valuable inferences.Interactive e-learning creates an engaging teaching-learning environment, creating experiential learning. Latest News Section Real Money Slots: A Beginners Guide Millions of Americans play slot machines every day, and ... PocketMazda , Как играть в азартные игры с онлайн-казино Pin Up в Казахстане Официальный сайт онлайн-казино Pin-Up приглашает геймеров с современным ... PocketMazda Happy Public School opted Hamrogurukul Hamrogurukul handles every aspect of schools, so you can get back to doing what matters the most – helping students and building their future. BMS School opted Hamrogurukul Hamrogurukul handles every aspect of schools, so you can get back to doing what matters the most – helping students and building their future. Testimonial What They Say About Us The Best Software You Got to Have it! Hamrogurukul is an amazing solution for schools, teachers and students! Its user-friendly interface helps schools adapt to digital learning with ease and stay connected. We are proud to have such a holistic platform made in India. Aakash Shrivastava Administrator - BMS School Watch Video Aakash Shrivastava Administrator - BMS School Explore Our Features Cloud Based We use the latest and greatest servers to secure your data. Exceptional Support We have a support team of 15+ members, available 24 hours Extreme Security Our system is regularly security audited and has detailed access-level Simplicity Our system is designed with ease of use in mind. Check Our Valuable Plans No credit card required Get 30 day free trial Cancel anytime Standard Front Office Staff Managements/Human Resource Student Managements/Information Online Class Integration Academics Communicate Expenses Income Alumni Online Examination See More Advanced Front Office Staff Managements/Human Resource Student Managements/Information Online Class Integration Academics Communicate Expenses Income Alumni Online Examination See More Premium Front Office Staff Managements/Human Resource Student Managements/Information Online Class Integration Academics Communicate Expenses Income Alumni Online Examination See More Our Clients Frequently Asked Questions 1. What is Hamrogurukul ? ‘Hamrogurukul ’ is a complete School Management . Hamrogurukul helps schools to automate daily processes and activities of schools, helps make communication and information sharing among School Administration / Management, School Staff and Parents efficient and cost-effective and helps schools store, retrieve and analyze data generated by different school processes in a centralized and convenient way between. 2. How to contact our sales ? You can contact our sales at 3. How to contact our support ? For any help you can contact our support at Integration We Collaborate with Top Software Company View all Integration Google Drive Competently generate unique e-services and client-based models. Globally engage tactical niche Connect Google Drive Competently generate unique e-services and client-based models. Globally engage tactical niche Connected Let's Try! Get Free Support Start Your 30-Day Free Trial We can help you to create your dream School/College Manegement System for better Experience. Contact With Us How It Works Free 14-day trial No credit card required Support 24/7 Cancel anytime Primary PagesHome About Contact Service PagesAbout Pricing Contact Request for Demo TemplateBlog Service Contact Download App © 2022 Hamrogurukul - All Rights Reserved