Skill Live - Live Online Language Classes +919513315885 support@skill-live.com Home About Us Courses Teachers Webinar Blog Contact × Live Online Language Classes Skill Live is the best place to learn languages online. Live language classes to get the best learning experience, from the comfort of your home. Book Demo Now! Be at home anywhere and everywhere With the power of languages, you are a global citizen. Study, travel, work and do business abroad with confidence. Book Demo Now! The Best Digital Learning Experience Innovative content, expert teachers and an amazing digital platform. We want to make sure you truly experience a language. Book Demo Now! Expert Teachers Our teachers have the highest certifications in their languages and are well-trained with digital content delivery methods to bring you the best experience Innovative Content We have designed tailor-made content drawing from our years of experience to ensure that you can learn languages while having fun and gain real world skills International Certification Our courses are designed to ensure you successfully obtain certificates such as DELF (French), DELE (Spanish), HSK (Mandarin) and others. Book a FREE demo now! Experience a free demo by our expert teachers and learn why Skill Live is the best way to learn a language. We will cover the class format, class duration, course levels, introduction to the language and any other queries you might have. Select a day Friday Saturday Select a time 7:00PM - 7:30PM 7:30PM - 8:00PM Select a language French Spanish Mandarin Chinese German Select age group Kids (3 - 7 years) Youth (8 - 14 years) Adult (14+ years) Select a level Beginner Intermediate Advanced I agree to the Terms and wish to be contacted for further information Book Now! Our Languages Courses Popular Courses French Spanish Mandarin Chinese German Japanese Korean coding beginner Baby Steps French 1 A first course in French for kids aged 4-7 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides French 1 A first course in French for students aged 8-14 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Take Off French 1 A first course in French for students aged 14+ years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Baby Steps Spanish 1 A first course in Spanish for kids aged 4-7 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides Spanish 1 A first course in Spanish for students aged 8-14 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Take Off Spanish 1 A first course in Spanish for students aged 14+ years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Baby Steps Mandarin Chinese 1 A first course in Mandarin Chinese for kids aged 4-7 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides Mandarin Chinese 1 A first course in Mandarin Chinese for students aged 8-14 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Take Off Mandarin Chinese 1 A first course in Mandarin Chinese for students aged 14+ years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Baby Steps German 1 A first course in German for kids aged 4-7 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides German 1 A first course in German for students aged 8-14 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Take Off German 1 A first course in German for students aged 14+ years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Baby Steps Japanese A first course in Japanese for kids aged 4-7 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides Japanese A First Course In Japanese For Students Aged 8-14 Years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Take Off Japanese A first course in Japanese for kids aged 14+ years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Baby Steps Korean A first course in Korean for kids aged 4-7 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides Korean A First Course In Korean For Students Aged 8-14 Years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Take Off Korean A first course in Korean for kids aged 14+ years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides Coding A1.1 A first course in coding for kids aged 8-14 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides Coding A1.2 A First Course In coding For Students Aged 8-14 Years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More beginner Young Strides Coding A1.3 A first course in coding for kids aged 8-14 years. 16 classes 2 months Learn More browse all Courses 100 instructors 35 media coverage 15000 students enrolled 10 years of experience Expert Teachers Meet Our Featured Teachers With over 100+ teachers, we aim to bring the best learning experience to you Pragati Mandarin Chinese HSK B5 Level Expert Trainer 2000+ hours of teaching Rutuja Spanish & Mandarin Chinese DELE & HSK B2 Level Expert Trainer 1000+ hours of teaching Dwiti Mandarin Chinese HSK C1 Level Expert Trainer 500+ hours of teaching Dilnawaz French & Mandarin Chinese DELF & HSK B2 Level Expert Trainer 500+ hours of teaching testimonials Hear From Our Students Ramprasad Mahurkar School Student Learning Mandarin from Skill Live was a great experience. The faculty taught Mandarin systematically by using grammar codes and practice. For teaching children, they take lot of efforts by the means of stories, songs, and videos. The institute took efforts to solve numerous queries. The attitude of the institute has been positive. Further, the institute charges a reasonable fee for the YCT and HSK courses. Skill Live is not money-minded like some institutes when it comes to teaching. Subhashree Managing Director I love the teaching method from Skill Live and I have been learning French with them. It is quite cost effective too. Our teacher is extremely supportive and tried her best to make us learn in the simplest way possible. I am learning French to make my career more interesting as I am a global travel consultant and I am sure it will help me in my career. Will recommend Skill Live to near & dear ones. Thanks to each of the team members for putting their best effort from the bottom of my heart. Rinku Vira Language Teacher I am a language teacher with years of experience, so I know what a productive and well taught language class is. As a student of Spanish language my preferred teacher is someone who is able to get their students to talk in Spainish as well as having the knowledge and expertise to focus on the parts of language that need improvements. I am delighted to say that Skill Live teachers provides these teaching qualities for me. So from being Spanish so difficult, in the beginning it is now, Spanish so simple! Pooja Arya MBA Student Skill Live's method of teaching is good. The teachers are very helpful and good. She supports us to not only understand the language but also to practise pronounciation, which is really helpful to us. I am learning French to enhance my skills for my career. It is a very good and ind-demand language, and learning it, will help me in many ways. The cost is reasonable and the content is delivered to us on time. The recorded sessions with presentations is very helpful to us. Thanks for sharing them with us. our partners Top schools and companies partner with Skill Live 3 Partner with Us If you are a school, business or a teacher looking for partnerships, we would be happy to discuss. Drop us a line! Your email address Your message Send Skill Live is an online service tailored to learning languages online. Our teachers are experts with the highest certification such as DELF, DELE, HSK, JLPT, GF and other certifications. We are constantly innovating our digital content with video courses, webinars, live classes and learning management system. We are on Links Home About Us Courses Teachers Contact Privacy & Refund Policy Term & Conditions Popular Categories French Courses Spanish Courses Mandarin Courses German Courses Korean Courses Japanese Courses Teachers training program Skill live workshops Language webinars Coding Courses Contact Phone Number: +919513315885 Mail: support@skill-live.com Address: 608, Hubtown Viva, Jogeshwari-E, Mumbai - 400093 © 2020. All Rights Reserved. by Maestros Infotech and Skill Live International. × -->