Prestige Lock & Key - Eagle Mountain Locksmith - Local, Fast, Affordable Call Us Now! 385-200-9966 Hours Of Operation: M-F: 8AM-5PM Call Us Now!385-200-9966 Hours Of Operation:M-F: 8AM-5PM Home About Residential Broken Key Extraction Broken Lock Repair Home Lock Installation House Rekey Purchase A Safe Commercial Access Control Business Lock Installation Business Rekey Emergency Exit Door High Security Lock Master Key Automotive Car Key Services Car Fobs and Remotes Car Key Duplication & Programming Car Ignition Services Emergency House Lockout Business Lockout Car Lockout Truck Lockout Service Security System Contact Us Blog 24/7 Eagle Mountain Locksmith Looking for a cheap Eagle Mountain Locksmith? Consider hiring us for all of your locksmith needs. We specialize in providing affordable commercial, residential, automotive and emergency locksmith needs to all of Eagle Mountain. Contact Us Call: 385-200-9966 Email:contact@prestigelockandkey.com Store: 1388 Eagle Mountain Blvd #C, Eagle Mountain, UT 84005 Schedule An Appointment Re-Key Services Whether you’re a property owner who needs to transform the locks between occupancies, a property owner who desires the comfort of making use of a solitary secret to open up all the doors on your building, or an entrepreneur who requires to rekey their locks to enhance security, we’re here to help. + LEARN MORE  Car Lockout  Key Duplication We provide local Eagle Mountain experts in the locksmith, safe, and security trades. All your security needs under one roof. We can fix most of the problems your car or truck may have for less than going to the dealer and still provide warranty and same day service in most cases, so don’t delay call us today.​ We Work With Your Budget When you call Prestige Key and Lock we make sure you are not breaking your bank we make things easy and affordable Call Now! 385-200-9966 Schedule An Appointment Mission first, Customer always. You can never ever be too cautious when it involves the number of collections of secrets to your home may be drifting around. Particularly if you have actually simply moved into a new house or home, you really have no suggestion of how many individuals might have a copied secret to your house. Our Company’s Values are:  Reliability  Impeccable Service  Innovation Reliability is established through actions and practices in our daily business routine where we take upon ourselves to schedule and perform our work in a professional manner, on-time performance, neat appearance, and transparent pricing. This will significantly reduce the unknown factor that intimidates customers from our services and will put our reliability and service values into practice. Our Services Get A Free Quote Search for: We Accept Major Credit/Debit Cards Lock Rekey Most of the time you don’t need to change out your locks, you can keep the same locks on your door the only thing is you won’t be able to use your existing key anymore we create a new key for your locks that use different pins. Which saves you time and money. + Learn More Broken Key Extraction in order to draw out the damaged trick from the keyhole and also to obtain a spare key, one should contact a specialist locksmith professional company immediately. When the teeth of the damaged essential removal device are captured on the bitting of the crucial stuck within, the locksmith will certainly start to carefully pull the key item in their instructions in order to eliminate it. + Learn More Lock / Key Repair When it involves Schlage lever locks, the scenario can be a bit challenging. In an excellent globe, a locksmith professional would certainly choose that lock, remove the lever as well as pull the cyndrical tube to rekey it. + Learn More Key Duplication When you call us because you need a spear key our reliable technicans can assist you all we ask is basic information on your vehicle so we can get the right key programmed and cut for your vehicle. + Learn More Lock Installation Some of our services include Specialist lock picking, Cars, and trunk unlocking or trunk opening, shed car secrets, ignition key & auto crucial shows, remote crucial repair work or substitute, chip vital replacement or reprogramming, master lock installation, spare secrets, damaged automobile keys, gates locks as well as essential repair services, door locks, home window lock repair service, vital cutting, safety systems fixing and also a lot more. + Learn More Push Bar Installation With our highly trained technicains we can install any type of push bar you need for your bussiness. Our priority is to give you the best security for your business and employees. + Learn More Schedule An Appointment The Testimonials The Testimonials “Thanks for coming to our home and getting our keys out of the car we would have been late if it was not for your team who helped us! ” Jane L. ” Prestige came to my business and helped us rekey all of our business locks they were professional and kind. Very approachable too.” Joe S. Contact only the Best! Contact Us. Name Email Address Tel. / Phone Number Message Send Us A Message  385-200-9966 Call Us  contact@prestigelockandkey.com Message Us Directly  1388 Eagle Mountain Blvd #C, Eagle Mountain, UT 84005 Visit Us  Mon - Friday : 8AM - 5 PM Store Hours Like, Share and Follow Us! FollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Brands We Use In Our Service Locate Us About Us Address: 1388 Eagle Mountain Blvd #C Eagle Mountain, UT 84005 Call: 385-200-9966 Email: contact@ prestigelockandkey.com Follow Us FollowFollowFollowFollow Explore Services Residential Locksmith Commercial Locksmith Automotive Locksmith Emergency Locksmith Subscription Subscribe to our newsletter save on deals and Success! Email Subscribe All Rights Reserved 2019 | Prestige Lock & Key