Adat Shalom Preschool - Pittsburgh, PA (Near Fox Chapel)Adat Shalom Preschool Home About the School Our Teachers Our Preschool Curriculum Safety and Security Our Classrooms Preschool Reviews and Testimonials Classes and Registration Preschool for 1 Year Olds Preschool for 2 Year Olds Preschool for 3 Year Olds Preschool for 4 Year Olds – Pre-K Summer Camp Contact Us NowHiring! 412-820-9110 Adat Shalom Preschool – Pittsburgh – Now Enrolling for 2024-2025 Nurturing Play-Based Socializationat Adat Shalom Preschool Small Class SizesIndividual attention builds comfort and confidence. Registration for the 2024-2025 school year is now open! bClick above to download br At Adat Shalom Preschool, we specialize in a preschool education with a personal touch. Our preschool program allows children the opportunity to grow and develop interpersonal and problem solving skills, positive self-image, and respect for others in a loving and nurturing environment. Open to all children regardless of race, religion or national origin Small class sizes to allow for personal attention Bright, spacious, age-appropriate classrooms Both indoor and outdoor play spaces Curriculum developed and implemented with our children in mind Our school welcomes children with special needs and looks forward to discussing the options available to you We’re located near the Fox Chapel area. Learn more about our preschool. Where We’re Located We Offer Preschool Classes For Babies & Toddlers 1-Year-Olds 2-Year-Olds 3-Year-Olds 4-Year-Olds (Pre-K) Summer Camp (for all ages) Take Note Learn How to Enroll Now Our classes are open to all students regardless of race, religion or national origin. Adat Shalom is a Pittsburgh Preschool serving the North Suburban Communities of Pittsburgh, PA, including: Fox Chapel, O’Hara, Aspinwall, Harmar, Hampton, Blawnox, Sharpsburg, Shaler, Cheswick, Springdale, Oakmont, Verona, Allison Park, Glenshaw and Penn Hills. Contact Us Adat Shalom Preschool 368 Guys Run Road Cheswick, PA 15024 412-820-9110 Contact Us Registration Forms 2024-2025 Registration Form 2024 Summer Camp Summer Camp Refund Policy Preschool Classes & Programs One-Year-Olds Two-Year-Olds Three-Year-Olds Four-Year-Olds (Pre-K) Preschool Summer Camp © 2014-2024 Adat Shalom Preschool. All Rights Reserved.