Home Sweets-bakery - Northern Delights Home Shop Buffets Stock our Cakes Allergens Contact Login / Register 0 Wishlist 0 items £0.00 Menu 0 items £0.00 homemade northern delights Northern Delights, our artisan food company. We offer a varied menu of sweet and savouries together with a varied and vibrant bespoke buffet service. Our menu changes regularly to make sure there's always something new and delicious for you to try. our best sellers sweet treats Check out our selection of delicious sweet treats. See More buffets Book a northern delights feast for your next celebration. See More traybakes & cakes Perfect for birthdays, parties or general cake lovers! See More savoury snacks Mouth-watering sausage rolls and fluffy pastry pasties! See More about us Both myself and my daughter Leah hold a joint passion for hearty, homecooked food. When life took us down an unexpected pathway in May 2019 after Leah suffered a life changing brain injury, I knew I had to do something to help her along her long journey of recovery.I am now delighted to be sharing my delicious sweet and savoury treats with those who appreciate good quality, homemade food.With kindness to our lovely planet at heart I also aim to be environmentally conscious, that’s why the ingredients I use are responsibly sourced, where possible from local suppliers. I only use free range eggs, pure butter and Belgian chocolate in my cakes and sweet treats and wherever possible, my packaging is sustainable.Jo x our best sellers! Check out a selection of ours (and your) favourite cakes and bakes or see our full selection right here sweet ‘n’ salty nutty bites £7.95 Add to cart Quick view Add to wishlist millionaire shortbread £7.95 Add to cart Quick view Add to wishlist large sausage rolls £12.95 Add to cart Quick view Add to wishlist the ‘do i love you’ box £14.95 Add to cart Quick view Add to wishlist graze box £22.95 Add to cart Quick view Add to wishlist the ‘indeed i do’ box £24.95 Add to cart Quick view Add to wishlist baking with love ingredients Wherever possible, our ingredients are responsibly sourced from local suppliers. We use pure butter, free range eggs and Belgian chocolate in our cakes. eco-friendly We are environmentally conscious, that’s why, wherever possible, the ingredients we use are responsibly sourced and our packaging is eco-friendly. allergy safe We take extra care to avoid any cross contamination of ingredients, although this cannot be guaranteed. Please read allergen info before ordering. hygiene 5/5 We are extremely proud to have received 5/5 for our Food Hygiene Rating and we keep our kitchen spotlessly clean. what our customers say "The service is fantastic and the food is even better! Northern Delights has provided our business with corporate lunches, staff lunch buffets and breakfast buffets. I highly recommend them for any catering needs. The food is delicious and my colleagues agree! Panache Atherton Pet Choice Ltd "Such fab food for our 'ladies who love to lunch'! Jo is such a lovely lady and the attention to detail was fab. Everyone absolutely loved the food and it looked so well presented." Amy Whitehead Facebook review "If you haven’t already tried Northern Delights then please do. They’re one of the best around. Best in Lancashire. The food is to die for. Don’t believe me, try it for yourself." Jaiydan Beards Facebook review "We choose to get some individual brownies, blondies and old school sprinkle cake for our celebration rather that getting a big cake. The treats were delicious! Everyone went back for seconds! Very easy and would definitely recommend!" Emma Staunton Facebook review "The Manchester Tart was the most delicious one I’ve ever tasted. Highly recommend." Donna Moss Facebook review delightfulnorthernbuffets Our bespoke buffet offerings are perfect for celebrations, office get-togethers, meetings and corporate events. If you have any special requests, please do not hesitate to ask. All of our delicious options are tailored around your requirements. OUR BUFFETS Contact Us t: 07919 410323 e: [email protected] Facebook LinkedIn Privacy Policy Allergy NoticePlease see separate allergen listings for full details - click here. Whilst our delights may not contain a specific allergen, there may be a risk of cross contamination due to the range of ingredients used in our small kitchen. Please let us know when you place an order if you have any allergies or special dietary requirements. Returns PolicyAs our products are perishable and cannot be resold once returned, returns will only be done in exceptional circumstances. To take advantage of your rights under this policy, please contact us to let us know you have not been happy with the product, along with your reason. We will give a full refund in respect of any product properly returned in accordance with this policy. © 2024 Northern Delights. All rights reserved Close Search Home Shop Buffets Stock our Cakes Allergens Contact Wishlist Login / Register Shopping cart Close Please note that orders are COLLECTION ONLY from our kitchen in Oswaldtwistle, Accrington (excludes buffet service). Click here for more information Sign in Close Username or email address * Password * Log in Lost your password? Remember me No account yet? Create an Account welcome to northern delights! ALLERGEN INFORMATIONAll allergen is information is available for each one of our products, however we strongly advise stating any allergen or special dietary requirements when placing an order. COLLECTION ONLYPlease note that orders are COLLECTION ONLY from our kitchen in Oswaldtwistle, Accrington (excludes buffet service). Click here for more information We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. More info Accept