Shoko Rua |Online store of chocolate gifts of the Kakontaktyo mosemoseyl-item-based registration of the Authorization SSEARCHCLOSE+7 4912 41-45-30PLACEG.Ryazan st.Soviet Army d. 22homemenushoping_cart0phonePersoncategoriasciative sets of chocolate -cocked gifts for the festival of manuals from Ryazanishoko for the fountain, cocoa products "Sakharovar" Proper Sweets of the Conductions of the Conductions _CART0VASHASHASINASH BASING BASINE! Choose sweet gifts, and they will wait for you in the basket to design gifts for your favorite ladies!more_vert-delivery set "Ah, what a woman" 3250 rub. In the basket, the gift set "Ah, what woman" Closemore_vertfigure product made of milk chocolate of the milk chocolate "Cat" Closemore_vertfigure products from the milk shock Body"1780 rubles in the basket Figure product of milk chocolate" Cross-Bodi bag "Closemore_vertshkh." Cup "Cup with sweets" 995 rub. In the basket of shock. Cap "Cup with sweets" closemore_vertcaramel Lollipan tulip 105 GCLOSEFT manualWorkmore_vertshocolate bombing “Ruby” in tube260 rub. In the basket of chocolate bombing “Ruby” in tube -based chocolate_vert -work handmade “Spring mood” 1290 rub. In the basket, a set of manual chocolate “Spring mood” Closemore_vertna Handmade Chocolate Combines "Royal Foal. "1280 rub. In the basket, a set of handmade chocolate sweets" Royal treats. "Closemore_vertnobe of chocolates of handmade chocolates" This is love "1290 rub. In the basket, a set of chocolate sweets" This is love "Closemore_vert-work manual" Ryazan-Dusha Russian "2380r 2380rIn the basket, a set of handmade chocolates “Ryazan-Dusha Russia” Closemore_vertnobe of Handmade chocolate “Royal treats” 2380 rub. In the basket, a set of chocolates of handmade “Royal treats” Closemore_Vert-work of manual chocolates “Happy New Year!” 2380 rubBasket a set of handmade chocolate sweets "Happy New Year!" Close to see all -shocodies gifts of milk chocolate "Cup" COOLOLAD. In the basket of a cup of milk "Cup" CLOSEMOR_VERTFIGURARY FROM MARNOWN Zina Figure productFrom the milk chocolate "Closemore_vertshocolate basket" Milk "with all my heart !!" 130 rubles. In the Milk chocolate basket "with all my heart" with !! "Closemore_vertfigure product from the milk chocolate" Bust of the president "400 rubles. In the basket of the dairy chocolate," BustPresident "Closemore_verter of Handmade Chocolate Fands" with love! "1290 rub. In the basket, a set of handmade chocolate sweets" with love! "Closemore_vert -diving set" Asses with rhinestones "1380 rubles. Gift set" Supply with rhinestones " E of milk chocolate "A pair of pigeons "960 rub. In the basket, a figure of milk chocolate" pair of pigeons "CLOSEL WHEN ONELOW for fountanamore_vert cocoa-powder Alkalized 0.25 g300R. In the cocoa basket is Alkalized powder 0.25 gClosemore_vert cocoa 70 rubles in the basket of cocoa- Alkalized powder 0.125 gclosemore_vertCocoa-powder Alkalized 0.460 g800 rub. In the basket cocoa-powder Alkalized 0.460 gclosemore_vert cocoa is Alkalized powder 0.230 g500R. In the basket cocoa-powder is Alkalized 0.230 gClose test of our workshop RUA- this is a workshop Chocolate.Here you can choose original gifts for yourself and your loved ones.Why exactly in Chuo Rua?High -quality Belgian chocolate, handmade and high professionalism of masters - this is what our tiles, candy and figure does so incredibly tasty. Information of the Conducting Political Policy Agreement of the Agreement, we will call you back! Personal cabinet cabinetistry orders for the postponement of the postcryplane -assignment_arrow_up