Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) Home About Activities Programme Gallery Staff Contact Kwara State University Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) Get Started Kwara State University Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) Get Started Kwara State University Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) Get Started About Our Center MISSION/VISSION STATEMENT MISSION: To support, manage, promote and preserve past and present human and material integrity for community, research and posterity. VISION: To be the focal point for expert advice, innovative strategies and foremost destination for the management, research and preservation of historical and indigenous resources, cultures and activities globally. BRIEF HISTORY ABOUT THE CENTER The establishment of the Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) embodies the desire to incorporate tradition and culture in the development initiatives of KWASU in line with our slogan of being “The University for Community Development”. The Center was established in April, 2018 by the former and Pioneer Vice Chancellor, Professor Abdulrasheed Na’Allah with the main aim of collecting, documenting, preserving, studying, presenting and archiving historical resources, materials and with various events and activities, as well as Exhibitions of these collections. Through this, an avenue for accessibility, learning and research is created in order to let people know more about the University, the host community and its environs, the Kwara State and Nigeria at large and later motivated by the next level Agenda of the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Mohammed Mustapha Akanbi, SAN, the purview of the Center was expanded to cover Ilorin Manuscripts, Cultural Studies and Nigerian Languages, Oral Traditions in Africa. This was necessitated by the realisation of the need to digitize endangered (Arabic) manuscripts and preserve African tradition and culture continues to face increasing technological, socio-cultural, economical and globalisation threats. Part of the initiatives backing up the establishment of the Center include the setting up of a Museum and Gallery for the display of notable Art Works, for exhibiting photographs and other Historical Events, Images, Materials of various landmarks and personalities, an Archive to keep records of various historical activities on analog-wise and digitally and a Coffee/Drinks Shop where Staff and students can relax over coffee and other beverages as well as drinks and snacks. A Cinema Concept has also been initiated for Tourists, Visitors, Staff and Students relaxation and other services. Our Work OUR WORK The essential focus of Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) are to: The retrieval, preservation, and digitization of historical materials including endangered (Arabic) manuscripts in Kwara State. Collection, preservation, maintenance and dissemination of culture, oral traditions and Nigerian languages. Exhibitions of original indigenous and modern Art Works and undertaking, coordinating and dissemination of researches. The Center houses major collection of documents and indigenous materials and photographs which are available for consultations by the public. To enable the effective execution of its mandate. Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) currently houses four (4) Units namely: Archives and Documentation, Ilorin Manuscripts, Cultural Studies and Nigerian Languages, Oral Traditions in Africa. DIRECTOR'S WELCOME ADDRESS As Pioneer and Current Director, I am pleased to welcome you to the official Web page of KWASU Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) and I thank you for your interest in our Center. The establishment of the Center is born out of the need to preserve historical and indigenous integrity and ensure the accessibility and learning. This will ensure proper maintenance, management and safety. We also stand to prevent loss, destruction and unauthorized use of indigenous resources and materials. To this end, the existence of the Center is to collect, preserve and disseminate historical manuscripts, oral traditions, Nigerian languages and cultures, foster availability of relevant documentation of events, exhibitions of artefacts and collections, interactions with notable personalities within and outside the community, as well as display of art works and photographs of important landmarks. Our commitment to preservation of community history is unflinching and we are proud to contribute to the community development mission of the University and its environs in particular, and Africa in general. I hope you enjoy reading about our Center and encourage you to follow our events and activities through our website. Professor Binta Ajibola Sulyman ACTIVITIES OF THE CENTER ARCHIVES AND DOCUMENTATION The Archives and Documentation Unit is responsible for garnering and documentation of relevant historical resources, materials and activities as regards to prominent personalities and artefacts. This Unit therefore archives documents and collections that have accumulated over the lifetime of an individual or organisation with the aim of understanding their pertinence and preserving their historical relevance. Some of the mission this Unit include: Preserve, study and present objects for exhibition in order to promote accessibility and learning through the collections. Maintain the museum environment and the gallery to ensure the protection of the museum’s objects.Safeguarding the aesthetics and historic integrity of its collections especially during exhibitions. Conduct research on all fields. Document Personal and Community Achievements. Conduct Biography and Autobiography Research and documenting them in Prints and Electronic forms for posterity Collaborate with other existing Research Centers and Academic Departments in KWASU. Serve as source for high-level research documentation of important knowledge of national personalities, local and national communities. ILORIN MANUSCRIPTS Following KWASU’s bid to be the official historian of Prominent People in the Ilorin Emirate and a custodian of Ilorin Cultural Heritage through its Center for Archives and Documentation, the Ilorin Manuscript Unit was created. The Unit documents achievements, milestones and contributions of the prominent people of Ilorin to humanity. The idea is to archive these documentations and make them available for research globally, so that people can access information on their lives and also learn from and build on their achievements. Therefore, the University Community, Visitors and Tourists can study Ilorin culture and Traditions via this Unit. The Unit holds some 2120-manuscript items of about 2120 folios. The mechanism used for the collection exercise is of four options, namely: Free- will donation from the Custodians. Lending out of manuscript for the purpose of hand-copying, photocopying or scanning. Release of manuscript for keeping on the condition of making it available to the Owner any time he/she requests for it, and. Purchase with money. Thus far, the second and third options are the most applicable. CULTURAL STUDIES AND NIGERIAN LANGUAGES This Unit seeks to preserve the cultural heritage, language and oral traditions that are inherently Ilorin for the sake of the present and unborn generations so that they would not go into extinction. This has become crucial given the overbearing influence of foreign cultures on the Ilorin culture, heritage and tradition and that of Nigerian languages in general. The aim of this Unit is to be the port of call for students and scholars of Ilorin and Nigerian Culture and Nigerian languages in a linguistically enlightened nation. Its mission is to: Propose, undertake, or coordinate basic or applied research on Ilorin culture and Nigerian languages, and widely disseminate the findings of such research including through publication in paper and electronic copies. Undertake in collaboration with external funding agencies thorough and comprehensive enrichment or modernisation of as many indigenous Nigerian languages as may be thought necessary or desirable. Advise and assist Governments desiring it with the implementation of the language provisions of the Nigerian Constitution. Organise lectures, seminars, symposia, or training workshops for, among others, suitable or selected members of Nigerian communities desiring to have their individual indigenous languages developed. Undertake L1 and L2 language material development as may be necessary or desired. Open its facilities temporarily, as and when desired, to accredited Students or Scholars from elsewhere working on Nigerian indigenous languages. Liaise and cooperate with other Centers, institutes, or institutions concerned with indigenous languages. ORAL TRADITIONS IN AFRICA The Unit is primarily established for the collection, documentation, preservation and promotion of the traditions and cultural heritages of Kwara State, Nigeria and Africa as a whole. The increasing threat to our culture requires us to pay special attention to our cultural heritages and traditions to safeguard them for the future. The objectives of this Unit are: Research, collection, preservation, maintenance and dissemination of oral traditions and the arts of Kwara State, Nigeria and Africa. Documentation, transcription and translation of the collected oral traditions and objects. Planning, coordinating and implementing the Center’s activities and responsibilities. Showcasing the State’s artifacts, oral histories, music; and Training and mentoring students in the field of oral traditions. PROGRAMMES PROGRAMMES Some of the key programmes and activities of the Center are outlined below: Parts 3 & 4 of Scholars of the Emirate: Forty four (44) researchers working on another set of scholars. Production of a photo-book on Ilorin Emirate Manuscripts. A book project on the Fulani of Ilorin Emirate (field work project). Thirteen (13) scholars from some universities in Nigeria are participating in the project. Collection, catalogue, digitization and preservation of Manuscripts from anywhere in Kwara State. Interview, interaction with prominent elderly and statesmen who have distinguished themselves in the fields of knowledge, music artworks etc in order to preserve their pictures, voices, actions and performances for the incoming generations. Invitation of traditional artistes, poets, musicians, religious leaders to campus for performances and recordings. NEWS AND EVENTS Some of the key news and event of the Center are outlined below: • Interview with best graduatingstudents of each College at KWASU 6th Convocation Ceremony. • One-on-one interactive session with the Vice Chancellor and other Principal Officers of Kwara State University. • Interactive sessions with Departments/Centers and Unit Heads and members within the University. • Organising and showcasing exhibitions of art works in the gallery. RESEARCH/ACHIEVEMENTS RESEARCH Some field based research activities presently ongoing involve: Research on the works and lives of prominent individuals in Ilorin. Research on cultural significance of historical activities and landmarks. Research on relevant Manuscripts and Published Materials. Research on source and retrieval collection of Artefacts and Art works. EXHIBITION The Official Commissioning and Opening of the Center was done with an Exhibition of Arts and Crafts of various categories displayed and it turned out quite a successful one. The following are the Achievements, Milestones and Plans; Together with former Vice-Chancellor and some students, we made remarkable visits to the Royal Highnesses of Zaria and Kano respectively. We also visited the Ahmadu Bello University and The Bayero University, Kano. This afforded the students and Staff involved to acquire knowledge on the Kano royalty and palace as well as learn the history of one of the top and foremost citadel of learning in Nigeria. We visited the popular Kofar Mata Traditional Tye and Dye Pit Center where students learnt about the cultural significance of city wall in the North and also gained practical skill on processes of Tye and Dye. Visit was also made to the prestigious National Arts Gallery, Abuja, National Tourism Center, The National University Commission, among others where relevant collections of documents and books were purchased for the Center to facilitate access, learning and research by the University Community and other visitors and tourists. The popular DAN BOY was visited and interviewed at the Emir of Ilorin Palace. This activity produced a Book which documented the information gathered from his wealth of knowledge on Ilorin and the Emir’s Palace in Ilorin. The Official Commissioning and Opening of the Center was done with an Exhibition of Arts and Crafts of various categories displayed and it turned out quite a successful one. Collection of a number of artifacts including traditional songs, performances and musical instruments. Some of these collections have already been transcribed and translated. Organisation of live performances involving traditional musicians and poets on campus. Successful organisation of workshop and an International conference in the areas of culture preservation, promotion and education. Our Portfolio All Double Single Triple Director CDA This is the official opening of the center by the former Vice Chancellor, Professor Abdulrasheed Na'allah,who also created the center with the management team and the pioneer acting director, Professor Binta A. Sulyman: October, 2018 Opening of the Convocation Exhibition he official opening of the convocation exhibition by the late Vice Chancellor, Professor Muhammed Mustapha Akanbi during the last convocation in 2021. Deputy Governor visit The visit of the Deputy Governor of Kwara State and his team to the center in 2021. Visit to Ambassador Yahya Seriki A visit to ambassador Yahya Seriki from the Kwasu management and the center where ambassador Yahya Seriki donated a sum of One Million Naira and some precious stones from his quarry to the center for archives and documentation in 2021. Visitation from Morocco Scholars A visit to the center of some Arabic and Islamic Professors and Scholars from University of Morocco in 2022. Ilorin Anthem by Emir of Ilorin The commissioning of the revised and repackaged Ilorin anthem by his royal highness, Maimartaba, Emir of Ilorin. Ilorin Revised Anthem The Ilorin anthem was revised and repackaged by the late Vice Chancellor, Professor Muhammed Mustapha Akanbi, Professors Jeleel Ojuade, M.M. Jimba and myself, Professor Binta A. Sulyman. 2022 Kofan Mata Dyeing Fabric Center A visit of the center team led by me to the popular Kofan Mata Dyeing Fabric center in Kano in 2021 Commissioning of Kwasu Garden Official commissioning of the new Kwasu Arts Garden by the late Vice Chancellor, Professor Muhammed Mustapha Akanbi in 2021. The concept and construction the Kwasu arts garden was done under the center for archives and documentation by Professor Binta A. Sulyman, the director. OUR STAFF Prof. Binta A. Sulyman Director Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) Email:binta.sulyman@kwasu.edu.ng TEL: +234-813-832-1113 Prof. Salish J. Alaso Assistant Director, Ilorin Manuscript Unit Email: salih.jumah@kwasu.edu.ng Dr. Hakeem Ọláwálé Email:hakeem.olawale@kwasu.edu.ng Joe Omodayo Odedina, Ph.D Email:joe.odedina@kwasu.edu.ng Mr. Walliyyullahi Ibrahim Alase Email:Walliyyullahi.Ibrahim@kwasu.edu.ng Mrs. Wasilat Buhari Email:wasilat.buhari@kwasu.edu.ng Mrs. Muinat Abdullateef Email:muniat.abdullateef@kwasu.edu.ng Contact us Loading Your message has been sent. Thank you! Send Message Office Address: Center for Archives and Documentation (CAD) Pent Floor (3rd Floor), KWASU Main Library Complex, Kwara State University, Malete. Tel::+234-813-832-1113; +234-803-393-5604 Email: binta.sulyman@kwasu.edu.ng Website:Website: www.kwasu.edu.ng/cad . Director Prof. Binta A. Sulyman Tel: +234-813-832-1113 Email:binta.sulyman@kwasu.edu.ng Assistant Director Prof. Salish J. Alaso Email: salih.jumah@kwasu.edu.ng © Copyright Kwara State University. Romawibet Rajavigor Romawibet Romawibet Kantinslot https://romawibet.wildapricot.org/ https://slot-pragmatic-bet-100.tumblr.com/ Slot 303 Dewaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Slot Akun Pro Pragmatic Dewaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Bolaslot88 Gacor4d Akun Pro Platinum Akun Pro Thailand Akun Pro Vietnam Akun Pro Jepang Akun Pro Singapore Akun Pro Filipina Slotthailand Akun Pro Platinum Bolaslot Akun Pro Platinum https://globalfertilitytourism.com/product/online/ https://mexicoborderdentist.com/product/gacor4d/