JONATHAN RICHARDS TV – Commercial and Documentary Filmmaker Skip to main content Close Search Feature Showcase Documentaries Broadcast television documentaries and broadcast-style documentaries for corporate and voluntary sector organisations. My broadcast clients include the BBC and AlJazeera English as well as UNICEF and The Co-operative in the voluntary sector. Here’s a description: Commercial Films I make films for the corporate sector and provide a full filmmaking service helping clients who are new to investing in corporate films. I write the script, shoot, edit and deliver a film that really makes your product or service shine. Motion Graphics Commercial quality motion graphics in 2D or 3D space to support my films or as stand alone pieces for broadcast or web based video projects. Clients include Channel 4 and the Press Association. What does CBD oil do?premium jane au Producing For broadcast documentaries I offer a full production service. Operating as a self-shooting director and editor attending to all the usual post production requirements, I offer the functions of a traditional Producer – planning, writing, and all the paperwork. Cameraman for Hire I’m available for hire as a Lighting Cameraman. If your production needs a specific camera I have a good relationship with a hire company to get you whatever you need for the shoot. With my experience of editing, you’ll get solid rushes ready for fast turnaround in the edit. Editing Tools for Download I write editing software plugins for Apple’s Final Cut X. These include the highly acclaimed HyColour PRO as well as other tools in the HY-FX family. My Showreel Showcase Featured Documentary Films Play Video Play Video Play Video Play Video Featured Commercial Films Play Video Play Video Play Video Play Video Play Video Play Video Play Video Play Video Creative I’m creative and full of filmmaking ideas. Let me show you. High Quality I can’t help myself. It has to be high quality. The best. Dedicated Whether it’s a long term project or a half day shoot. I’m on it. Versatile People say I’m multi-talented. I write, shoot, edit, post produce and deliver. The lot. Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message Δ GGBet ist ein Buchmacher, der eine breite Palette von Sportwetten anbietet. Das Unternehmen wurde im Jahr 2016 gegründet und wurde von der Regierung von Curacao lizenziert und in den Niederländischen Antillen registriert. GGBet ist im Besitz der Firma International B.V. Dies ist einer der beliebtesten Wettanbieter in Europa und der Welt mit einem sehr guten Ruf und einer Menge zufriedener Kunden. GGBet Deutschland hat ein breites Spektrum an Disziplinen und bietet eine große Auswahl an Sportereignissen und Wettarten. Auf dieser Wettseite können Sie auf Fußball, Tennis, Basketball, Eishockey, Volleyball, Handball, Volleyball, Baseball, Boxen, MMA, Rugby, Snooker, Darts, Cricket, Radsport, Golf, Pferderennen und viele andere Sportarten wetten. Don’t hesitate to reach out! I live locally in Kirk Ella, East Yorkshire. But I’m lucky to travel all over the world for my clients. From the US to Africa to the Far East, I’m available to travel with all the necessary vaccinations and a clean UK driving license and passport. THE CRAZIEST REAL MONEY PAYING ONLINE SLOT MACHINES FROM THE WORLD’S TOP CASINOS Here you will find the craziest online slot machines in a casino, all of which pay real money. Here at Wild Joker Casino, we pride ourselves on having the most interesting and exhilarating online slots games. We provide a wide variety of slot machines, from the traditional three-reel games in https://wildjokercasino.bet/ to the latest and greatest video slots with five reels. And if you play our progressive jackpot slots, you might win a million dollars right now. Uncovering the Real Deal on Winning at Wolf Winner Casino! However, does one of the most well-known online gambling destinations in https://www.anseetec.com really provide the finest odds for its customers? This handy primer will shed light on the house advantage and help you make the most of your time at the casino. Would you recommend Lucky Dreams Casino to others? I would recommend Lucky Dreams Casino to others because it is a reputable and trustworthy online casino that offers a great selection of games and excellent customer service lucky-dreams.casino is licensed and regulated by the government of Curacao, so you can be assured that they adhere to the highest standards of security and fair play. They also offer a great range of games from some of the best software providers in the industry, so you are sure to find something to your taste. And if you ever have any questions or problems, their friendly customer service team is always happy to help. So why not give them a try today? You won’t be disappointed! Have you ever won big at Lucky Bird Casino Australia? I haven’t had the pleasure of winning big at Lucky Bird Casino Australia yet, but I’m definitely hoping to hit the jackpot soon luckybird casino is a great online casino that offers a wide range of games, great bonuses, and excellent customer support. I’ve been playing at the casino for a while now and have had a lot of fun. So far, my biggest win has been about AU$500, but I’m definitely hoping to win bigger soon! If you’re looking for an exciting online casino to play at, I recommend giving Lucky Bird Casino Australia a try. You won’t be disappointed! Address: 42 Riplingham Road, Kirk Ella, East Yorkshire, UK, HU10 7TP Phone: +44 7939 512215 Email: mail@jonathanrichards.tv Usability of the online casino that use payid PayID Pokies Australia is well known for its user-friendly online casino that provides players with convenient and secure payment methods, such as PayID. With online casino that use payid https://b2b.partcommunity.com/community/groups/topic/view/group_id/3279/topic_id/162891/post_id/544029 you can easily deposit funds into your account to start playing in no time. You also have access to fast withdrawal times when you are ready to cash out your winnings. This makes playing at online casinos powered by PayID a highly enjoyable experience for Australian gamers alike! Check us out to get the best payid pokies experience today! © 2024 JONATHAN RICHARDS TV. vimeo