Jasmina Beauty This store requires javascript to be enabled for some features to work correctly. Free Shipping in the Continental U.S. Home Shop Serums Creams & Moisturizers Masks Cleansers Face Mists & Scrubs Gift Sets Conscious About Blog Wholesale Home Shop Serums Creams & Moisturizers Masks Cleansers Face Mists & Scrubs Gift Sets Conscious About Blog Wholesale Account Log in Create account Home Shop Serums Creams & Moisturizers Masks Cleansers Face Mists & Scrubs Gift Sets Conscious About Blog Wholesale Home Shop Serums Creams & Moisturizers Masks Cleansers Face Mists & Scrubs Gift Sets Conscious About Blog Wholesale Search Account Cart 0 Navigation Search 0 Cart Jasmina Beauty ~ Artistry of Skincare Shop Free Shipping within the Continental United States Our Products Serums Shop now Creams & Moisturizers Shop now Masks Shop now Cleansers Shop now Face Mists & Scrubs Shop now Gift Sets Shop now About Jasmina Not a product, but a passion, flowing from the founder herself. Learn more. Bestsellers Viso d’arte ~ Rejuvenating Superfood Skin Serum $68.00 ( / ) Add to cart SKIN HONEY - Body Serum & Healing Multipurpose Balm $75.00 Regular price$110.00 ( / ) Add to cart On sale Colombina ~ Spumante Mud Cleanser $40.00 ( / ) Add to cart Pur Ti Miro ~ Acne Eraser Sulfur Soap $10.50 Regular price$22.00 ( / ) Add to cart On sale EXQUISITE GIFT, HANDCRAFTED WITH LOVE $250.00 Regular price$330.00 ( / ) Add to cart On sale Beauty and Nature in Harmony Sustainable, organic, handcrafted superfoods and soaps for your skin. Learn more. Testimonials These products are AMAZINGGG!!! I am highly convinced there is holy water or something magical in them because my skin absolutely loves it. I wanted soft skin like a newborn and it's only been a full week and my skin is RIDICULOUSLY SOFT! Cherisse Williams No more hiding behind layers of makeup. I feel comfortable in my own skin again! C. Lopez I tried the serum, I LOVED IT, and I used it twice day while in Santa Fe. It saved my skin. It's magical. Everything this woman makes is magical! She is the genius behind it all. Check it out for yourselves, you won't be disappointed. Stephanie M. Blog Revolutionizing Skincare: The Science and Magic of Clean Beauty Rooted in Bioactive Ingredients Revolutionizing Skincare: The Science and Magic of Clean Beauty Rooted in Bioactive Ingredients" takes you on a captivating exploration of... Artistry of Skincare, The Journey of Jasmina Beauty: Blending Artistry, Nature, and Science for Radiant Skin My journey into skincare formulation was inspired by my late grandmother, an entrepreneurial herbalist and formulator. She imparted a deep... Inspired by Grandmother’s Wisdom After World War 2 people were left with very little money and resources in parts of Europe, in the former... Revolutionizing Skincare: The Science and Magic of Clean Beauty Rooted in Bioactive Ingredients Revolutionizing Skincare: The Science and Magic of Clean Beauty Rooted in Bioactive Ingredients" takes you on a captivating exploration of skincare that seamlessly blends tradition and modern science. From the miraculous healing potency of black cumin seed oil, rosehip seed oil, and pumpkin seed oil to the science-backed prowess of hyaluronic acid and niacinamide, this blog unveils the secrets behind a radiant complexion. Dive into a personalized skincare ritual that harmonizes bioactive ingredients, modern actives, and the healing wonders of nature, ushering in the future of clean beauty. Artistry of Skincare, The Journey of Jasmina Beauty: Blending Artistry, Nature, and Science for Radiant Skin My journey into skincare formulation was inspired by my late grandmother, an entrepreneurial herbalist and formulator. She imparted a deep reverence for nature, passing down the ancient wisdom of creating plant extracts, macerations, and therapeutic blends. As my herbology skills matured, I embarked on a quest to unite bioactive plant infusions, organic salves, and natural minerals with cutting-edge scientific advancements. The result? A synergy that empowers the skin to heal itself. Inspired by Grandmother’s Wisdom After World War 2 people were left with very little money and resources in parts of Europe, in the former Yugoslavia, where this story begins. My grandmother said the garden became her refuge. Her Meditation. Resources Search About Terms and Conditions Wholesale Contact Get connected Newsletter © 2024, Jasmina BeautyPowered by Shopify American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Meta Pay Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa © 2024, Jasmina BeautyPowered by Shopify Create your own kind of beauty. Subscribe today for a discount code on your next purchase, receive offers and learn more about how we’re caring for you and the planet together. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.