Premium Medical and Dental Equipment | ICONA Australia Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentICONA Pty Ltd AustraliaDental Equipment Sales & Support1300 442 662Home About Products Shop Service Remote Support Service Partner Australia Brochures Blog Contact Us 1300 442 662 Providing Equipment Centered on Comfort and CareIf you are a practitioner who is passionate about caring for your patients, then we are passionate about helping you achieve your goal. Our relationship with customers is one based on providing the best value in affordable premium dental and medical equipment that leads to the best comfort and care for your practice. NameEmail MessageEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ We were thinking of getting a second hand chair, but at ICONA the Fedesa chair was exactly what we need and it has been reliable. All the nurses want to use the room with the Fedesa chair. Read more Carnegie Dental VICQuality and after sales service are important to me and I’d be happy to recommend ICONA to others. I’ve never had that ‘you’ve been sold to and abandoned’ feeling from ICONA and its people. Read more Mike Cater Practice Manager, Riverside Dental CareI knocked on every door I could looking for the right place and people for my new business. The personal connections I formed with companies like ICONA made the process so much easier Read more Victoria Riechelman Director, Clean Teeth Dental, AucklandI knocked on every door I could looking for the right place and people for my new business. The personal connections I formed with companies like ICONA made the process so much easier Read more Victoria Riechelman Director, Clean Teeth Dental, AucklandCarnegie Dental × We were thinking of getting a second hand chair, but at ICONA the Fedesa chair was exactly what we need and it has been reliable. All the nurses want to use the room with the Fedesa chair.Mike Cater × Quality and after sales service are important to me and I’d be happy to recommend ICONA to others. I’ve never had that ‘you’ve been sold to and abandoned’ feeling from ICONA and its people.Victoria Riechelman × I knocked on every door I could looking for the right place and people for my new business. The personal connections I formed with companies like ICONA made the process so much easierVictoria Riechelman × I knocked on every door I could looking for the right place and people for my new business. The personal connections I formed with companies like ICONA made the process so much easier Our Top Products Dental From ergonomic dental chairs to oral x-rays, our selection offers professionals great choices that allow them to move efficiently and keep patients comfortable. Medical Our Medical Range features a variety of examination chairs for different types of practises. Veterinary We provide vital tools used by veterinarians in many procedures. This include infection control sterilisers, intraoral cameras and patient monitors. Featured ProductsOur dedication in offering the best comfort and care for both patient and practitioner has allowed us to partner with the world’s leading brands in dental, medical and veterinary equipment. The top brands in our line-up include Airel, Fedesa, Max Dental, Noblesse, and Solmetex, among many others. As such, our best-sellers rank among the most highly recommended by professionals across Australia!Our dedication in offering the best comfort and care for both patient and practitioner has allowed us to partner with the world’s leading brands in dental, medical and veterinary equipment. The top brands in our line-up include Airel, Fedesa, Max Dental, Noblesse, and Solmetex, among many others. As such, our best-sellers rank among the most highly recommended by professionals across Australia! eMotio Versatile Examination CouchPromotal View Details Preva DC Intraoral X-rayProgeny View Details All About ICONAICONA Pty Ltd was established with the simple goal of building great relationships with practitioners, which in turn helps them provide excellent care for patients. The way we do this is by delivering equipment with great value proposition (along with good service to match).We are also particularly specialised in dental equipment and have an in-depth knowledge of trends happening across the Australiasian region. This enables us to provide unparalleled offerings in both product and support to Australian healthcare practices. Proudly Australian READ MORE ICONA DifferenceAside from equipment, we also have extensive expertise in communication that allows us to provide integrated and comprehensive on-site support.That means if you have any issues, we can quickly patch you through to immediate tech support and we have already done this for a variety of practices.Drop us a line if you’d like to learn more about what your practice can gain from the ICONA Difference. READ MORE On-site evaluation and repairIT upgrade and supportBack-up servicesSurgery designs and Layouts Frequently Asked Questions Do we provide services and equipment?ICONA provides both service and equipment, just call us on 1300 442 662, to speak to our friendly staff. Can we see the equipment ourselves?You most definitely can! We’ll be more than happy to arrange an appointment at our showroom at Trade Central Business Park 12/37 Keilor Park Drive, Keilor Park | Victoria 3042 | Australia. How long does it take to deliver the equipment?We hold stock for all our equipment. However special orders may take longer to provide. Do you offer some financial help with purchases?As a matter of fact, we do via the Bank of Queensland. The process is also hassle free and you can count on us to take care of it as well. Latest ArticlesWant to read some interesting things about dental equipment? Check out our blogs below to learn more about dental chairs, discover simple tips, and all kinds of dental apparatus!Want to read some interesting things about dental equipment? Check out our blogs below to learn more about dental chairs, discover simple tips, and all kinds of dental apparatus! February 23, 2021 MedicalHospital Equipment Maintenance Practices that can Help Medical EstablishmentsHospitals have a lot of valuable equipment inside their vicinity. These aren’t your average, run-of-the-mill apparatuses either…. February 23, 2021 DentalPredictions and Recommendations: The Many Changes in the Dental Industry for 2021If you were to ask anyone from anywhere in the world what they think about the year… January 7, 2021 DentalUltrasonic Baths: The Importance and Benefits of Ultrasonic CleaningHygiene and cleanliness is an essential protocol in any medical establishment. Dental clinics, hospitals, medical laboratories, and… See more Connect with us Phone: 1300 442 662 Email: [email protected] Our locationICONA Pty Ltd Trade Central Business Park Unit 12/37 Keilor Park Drive Keilor Park Vic 3042Australia Wide OPENING HOURSMonday to Friday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM© Copyright 2019 ICONA Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Desiged and Developed byCalbepuls Calbepuls is used to decontaminate instrument heads using a pressurised air or water jet containing Calbenium.Easy swing arms Easy swing arms, to turn the PE8 from a left hand to right chair in under 10 seconds.PE8+® suction unit The PE8+® suction unit is a veritable workstation for dental assistants/or dentists working alone. Attached to the rear of the chair in a position suitable for right- or left-handed practitioners to guarantee optimum positioning, it includes a keyboard for entering function commands. Hygiene is a priority on this support : each suction hose is removable, autoclavable, and connected to a filter which blocks significant waste. It also has Aspisept which is an internal suction hose decontamination system using Calbenium.Range of colours Airel has a broad range of colours and textures for its upholstery. They are resilient and original, and ensure you will find a match for the colours of your surgery.German electric motors German electric motors for smooth maintenance free operation. ×