Rocky Top Kennels - California Mini Australian Shepherd Breeder Menu Home About Breed Info The Standards Links Pups for Sale Gallery Fallen Friends Qualities Mini’s vs. American Supplements Facebook Instagram Youtube Contact Us Visit California Mini Australian Shepherd Breeder ROCKY TOP KENNELS Show Quality Toy & Miniature Australian Shepherds Located in Creston California, Rocky Top Kennels is an NSDR/AKC recognized California Mini Australian Shepherd Breeder, providing generations of show quality Toy & Miniature Australian Shepherds throughout California and the western United States. California Mini Australian Shepherd Breeder California Mini Australian Shepherd Breeder Rocky Top Kennels Located in Creston California, Rocky Top Kennels is an NSDR/AKC recognized California Mini Australian Shepherd Breeder, providing generations of show quality Toy & Miniature Australian Shepherds throughout California and the western United States. UPCOMING PUPPIES Our Mission Miniature Australian Shepherd, Mini Aussie, Toy Australian Shepherd puppies for sale available in Creston, CA in SLO County. We take great pride in breeding show quality, athletic, sociable, intelligent, healthy and most of all loving litters of Mini Aussie and Toy Australian Shepherd Puppies. Ranging from variations of Red Merle, Blue Merle, and Black Tri, Red Tri of both female and male puppies. LEARN MORE Show Quality Certified show quality for American Kennel Club working dog trials and ASCA trials. Working Ability Ready working and cattle ranching shepherds! Family Companions There’s no match for the emotional intelligence of an Australian Shepherd. AKC Recognized Officially recognized breed by the National Stock Dog Registry. Registry Recognized National Stock Dog Registry, American Stock Dog Registry, and American Kennel Club. Stud Service We also offer Stud Service on approved females. Cerf And OFA All breeding dogs have a clear Cerf and OFA of good or better. American V.S. Australian Mini American Shepherd vs. Mini Aussie Shepherd What’s the difference? For decades the breed status of the Miniature Australian Shepherd has been a highly debated topic. The very first mini Aussie shepherd was registered with the National Stock Dog Registry (NSDR). Since then other registries have formed and dictated the classification of the toy Australian shepherd. The American Kennel Club (AKC), United States Australian Shepherd Association (USASA) and the North American Miniature Shepherd Club of the USA (NAMASCUSA) have agreed to split the Australian Shepherd into two separate breeds. Under the AKC the smaller version of an Australian Shepherd is now classified as the Miniature American Shepherd. As of June 27th 2012 the AKC approved this breed for entry into the miscellaneous class. Entry into the miscellaneous group allows the Miniature American Shepherd to compete in AKC conformation events. My Dogs are the Best Little Wiggle Butts in Town I hope you enjoy visiting with my Miniature Australian Shepherds! If you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me at:cindy@rockytopkennels.com Rocky Top Kennels are AKC recognized and a member of the National Stock Dog Registry(NSDR) Call me at (805) 674-5579 for more information about our Mini Australian Shepherd puppies in California! What Makes Us Different Miniature Australian Shepherd, Mini Aussie, Toy Australian Shepherd puppies for sale available in Creston, CA in SLO County. We take great pride in breeding show quality, athletic, sociable, intelligent, healthy and most of all loving litters of Mini Aussie and Toy Australian Shepherd Puppies. Ranging from variations of Red Merle, Blue Merle, and Black Tri, Red Tri of both female and male puppies At Rocky Top Kennels our priority is health for the pups. We don’t take shortcuts here, and work hard to ensure the litters are strong and healthy. We understand bringing a dog into your life is no causal undertaking. It is a life long commitment. If you are looking for Miniature American Shepherd, Miniature Australian Shepherd, Toy Australian Shepherd puppy for sale please stop by and get to know our new litter, to see if one is a fit for you and/or your family. Thank you! Learn more What People Say About Us “If you want a healthy, happy and beautiful dog, Cindy at Rocky Top Kennels is the one to go to. We got our Mini Aussie from her last year, and she’s been an amazing dog.” - TeresaGoogleAVAILABLE PUPPIESRESERVE NOWSee Puppies Miniature Australian Shepherd Puppies available in Creston, CA. For more information please call Cindy at (805) 674-5579. <!– New Mini Aussie Pups – 1. Red Tri Male 2. Red Tri Female 3. Black Tri Male Updated 2/21/24 Call Cindy at (805) 674-5579 What Makes Us Different Miniature Australian Shepherd, Mini Aussie, Toy Australian Shepherd puppies for sale available in Creston, CA in SLO County. We take great pride in breeding show quality, athletic, sociable, intelligent, healthy and most of all loving litters of Mini Aussie and Toy Australian Shepherd Puppies. Ranging from variations of Red Merle, Blue Merle, and Black Tri, Red Tri of both female and male puppies At Rocky Top Kennels our priority is health for the pups. We don’t take shortcuts here, and work hard to ensure the litters are strong and healthy. We understand bringing a dog into your life is no causal undertaking. It is a life long commitment. If you are looking for Miniature American Shepherd, Miniature Australian Shepherd, Toy Australian Shepherd puppy for sale please stop by and get to know our new litter, to see if one is a fit for you and/or your family. Thank you! Mini Aussie Puppy Video October 2019</p> Google Reviews It's located in a nice area of the country where the views are seemingly endless. This is a business that will take care of your pets and show them love. Derek Peterson 2022-10-19 Marissa Garcia 2022-09-05 I had a wonderful experience with Cindy at Rocky Top Kennels. Ended up with the best dog ever. Took Malia to the vet and she told me I had a very healthy dog.That dog just plain makes me happy love that dog. Doug Reilly 2022-04-15 If you want a healthy, happy and beautiful dog, Cindy at Rocky Top Kennels is the one to go to. We got our Mini Aussie from her last year, and she’s been an amazing dog. Teresa Morrison 2022-03-27 t fanjul 2021-11-08 Billy Hannaford 2021-07-22 We just recently purchased a mini aussiedoodle from Cindy at Rocky Top Kennels and from the first phone call and email it was a wonderful experience working with her. We found out about the litter while momma dog was still expecting and got updates along the way and then were able to pick our puppy and got regular updates while we waited the 8 weeks to take him home. Working with her has been nothing short of a joy. She was so patient about answering all of our questions and we had tons! We wanted to visit puppy several times and she welcomed us happily each time. It was a great experience. We plan on adding another puppy to the family in a year or so and will definitely return to Rocky Top Kennels. As for the puppy he is absolutely adorable, so smart and healthy! I'm so glad we chose to get him from Cindy and am looking forward to the next puppy in the future! Kelly Hunter 2021-06-25 I got a mini aussie from Rocky Top in 2008 she just passed of cancer this year. She was never sick for 12 1/2 and in those yrs she was my life my husband passed in2008 so it's been just her and me against the world. What a joy, really I could go on and on about my wonderful dog from Rocky Top..I checked to see if she had any toys next yr she says she If you're wondering if you should get a dog from Rocky Top kennels stop! I'm telling you it's the best, had 2 aussies from person that suggested Rocky Top best suggestion I've ever got.. Not more to say but Quit wondering about Rocky Top and get your Aussie. Cindy M Cindy Major 2020-10-29 Krystyna Amaral 2020-06-11 I have a good friend who lives here.Beautiful ranchett.Wonderful views and serenity now.God's country. Derek Peterson 2019-06-25 Contact Us new-home-page Setup Information Thank you for purchasing our theme. We hope you enjoy our product! If you have any questions that are beyond the scope of the help file, please feel free to contact us on our Support Forum at. http://helpdesk.unitedthemes.com Useful links to start with: Install required plugins Customize Theme Theme Options Set Up Your Menu © Copyright ROCKY TOP KENNELS | Site by Simple Tree 3220 Hwy 41 Creston, CA 93432 cindy@rockytopkennels.com (805) 674-5579 Facebook Youtube Instagram Google