GNS Inc Welcome. Thank you for visting GNS, Inc., the World’s largest up & coming conglomerate of business, entertainment & clothing! Greatness Never Stops Relationships that last. We started off as an idea back in 2005, and became a reality in 2010, as a Fragrance company – G.N.S. Fragrance – then regrouped and thought of how we can become bigger, more diverse, more influencial; because “Greatness Never Stops”! Throughout the development of this company, we have learned the understanding of time, patience and effort. We acknowledge that a relationship isn’t when the transaction is over, but til the end of time. We here at G.N.S., Inc are dedicated to make sure that ANYTHING we put our name on is for certain a grand slam hit! Check out some of the things we offer you can find under ONE umbrella! Growth Nurture Service We Are CLOTHING “M.I.L.E.” – The connected clothing line on the market. “For The Culture” – A clothing line designed to bring us ALL lil closer together ENTERTAINMENT GNSEntertainmnt – Entertainment Company that is only interested in bringing you the best possible ways to enjoy yourself. NOTHING less that quality PROMOTION GNSPromotions – Our promotional company that hits the ground running on spreading the word about artists, businesses or events that you just HAVE TO know about TRAVEL Trip – The newest edition to the GNS, Inc. family! A ‘touring” business to give you the chance to know what is where so when you come back to visit, you won’t be so “lost” next time… RESTAURANT Cakes – Everyone has a sweet tooth and we are here to help w/ that. Think of this place as like a “Hooters” but of the “Southern Hemisphere” WRITING GNSPublishing – Up and Coming writing branch of the brand. Here we passionate about script & writing. So, books, blogs or anything else that will help get the word out to the world CLOTHING M.I.L.E. This clothing line is dedicated to those who live the every day life battling the every day struggles! From the college student trying to juggle their 1st time away from home to the single parent w/ a mortgage and life full of kids & career; never letting people see you sweat! No matter how hard life throws the punch to knock you down, you get right back up and…Make It Look Easy! External-link-alt Instagram Twitter FOR THE CULTURE Too many issues in the world are dividing everyone. #ForTheCulture is a brand in which people can not only identify by but also something that they can notice in which they have in common. Also, embrace that we are all ONE version of many! #ForTheCulture is a creation in which EVERYONE can demonstrate their pride and love for themselves as well as show respect and learn of the influences of of others. So, this shall give you something to be able to be inspired to do something…and if you’re gonna do anythihng, Do It #ForTheCulture COMING SOON. FIND US ON SOCIAL MEDIA External-link-alt Instagram Twitter Run These Streets www.runthesestreets.net External-link-alt Instagram Twitter BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT This is where a lot of the creativity of the company is going to stem from! Here at G.N.S. Inc, we are dedicating our time and effort to making sure we bring to you the best caliber of entertainment around. This is the branch that will be in charge of introducing musical talent, Cinema, Movie/Film Production as well as our very own Talent/Modeling Agency. COMING SOON. FIND US ON SOCIAL MEDIA External-link-alt Instagram PROMOTION With experience on promoting since 2005, we understand that “word of mouth” is the BEST way to get the word out about something – but in today’s world, it is NOT THE ONLY WAY! It’s NOT just slapping together a commercial or ad for social media, either. It’s about “engagement” and making sure people understand how important it is to be wherever it is you want them to be! So, with G.N.S. Promotions, that’s EXACTLY what we will do. We have several different packages to not only get in front of ppl but to also get people in front of ppl! Pick which package works for you and allow us to do the same! COMING SOON. FIND US ON SOCIAL MEDIA External-link-alt Instagram Twitter TRAVEL Imagine you are coming into town for work and you’re here for the next 3 days. You’re new to the city and don’t know much about the surrounding area and don’t have much time to venture out because, again, you’re here for work. “TRIP” is a book of window of time service where a driver picks you up or meets up with you, dependent on where you are located, and for the allotted amount of time, (s)he will give you an exclusive tour of your area. Shopping Centers to Shopping Plazas to Theaters to restaurants within walking or short commute. This is a GREAT way for people to learn their immediate area and get out to learn places new – along w/ a “Bud-D” to help guide the way, COMING SOON. FIND US ON SOCIAL MEDIA External-link-alt Instagram Twitter WRITING / AUTHOR MILLIONS of people love to read. Well, in order to “read”, one must be able to “write” and there are PLENTY of people who love to and would love to, get their words out to the world! Here, at G.N.S., Inc, we are creating a branch called “G.N.S. Publishing” where newly developed writers or expiernce writers can come and have a landing pad for their ideas and get it out to the world. From blogs to jot downs to publications of books, novels or series – we are hear to allow your creativity to run wild and have no limits We are also in the process of creating our own “Newsletter”/Blog site called “The World Update”, where we focus on more positive/encouraging/inspirational things locally, regionally to eventual international COMING SOON. FIND US ON SOCIAL MEDIA External-link-alt Twitter RESTAURANTS CAKES We are all familiar w/ the place everyone loves for their wings…Well, this is a place for the other people who loves their “drumsticks & thighs” “CAKES” is a restaurant primary on those who have something of a “sweettooth” but is not limited to pies! We have an assortment of different type of food that is well portioned and an atmosphere that makes you feel right at home, while maintaining a professional establishment! This was an idea we have had since 2011ish and within no time, we will make this another staple throughout the country and possibly beyond overseas COMING SOON. FIND US ON SOCIAL MEDIA External-link-alt Instagram Twitter Contact Us Phone +1.510.563.0470 Email services@thegnsinc.om Address 7547 Watt Ave Ste2 Sacramento, Ca 95660