Triballi Consulting Development – Triballi.biz is part of Triballi Consulting Group and we provide software development solutions and SW development outsourcing and nearshoring Skip to content Bul. Milutina Milankovica 9z, 11000 Beograd, Serbia office@triballi.org 09:00 am - 05:00 pm Facebook Instagram Linkedin Home About Us Our Team Appointment Why Choose Us Testimonial X SERBIAN CUSTOM SOLUTIONS Remote Software Development Teams Need help finding the dev team and individuals?Build a remote team of software developers or tap into a global talent pool SCHEDULE A CONSULTATION SW development Tailored software solutions designed to meet specific business needs. Development of web applications, mobile apps, landing pages and desktop software. Outsourcing Services Providing skilled software developers or development teams on a temporary basis. Clients can augment their in-house teams with additional talent as needed. Technical Support Center Ongoing maintenance, updates, and troubleshooting for existing software applications. Ensures the smooth functioning and security of software products. Hire Devs in SEE region Tap into a talent pool of tens of thousands talented developers from SEE region WHAT WE DO Services we offer All of our services hinge around our promise of delivering tech. Web and Mobile apps Technical Support SW Outsourcing SW nearshoring Landing page design Basic and advanced SEO ABOUT US Trusted Software Development Based on the current needs that have arisen in the work of our primary company, Triballi.agency, which is engaged in B2B outbound sales, we have decided to offer affordable solutions to end clients who require simple software solutions or want to expand their internal developer teams by hiring individual developers. In the other hand for more complex software projects, we are offering services of our valued partners. We represent at least one of top ten leading software development company from most countries in Southeastern Europe. Our Vision As a small but proud team, our aspiration is to become the preferred global software house specializing in IT outstaffing, distinguished for delivering top-tier development services of the utmost quality. Our Mission Our mission is to bring high-quality and cost-effective software development services or top-notch developer leasing services to every company Aleksandar Radojičić CEO and Co-founder 1 + Project Completed 1 Happy Customers 1 + Experienced Staff 1 + Ongoing projects WHY CHOOSE US Why work with TRIBALLI Quality We are proud to offer lifetime guarantee for all services that we will provide. Learn More Budget Our dev teams and partners agencies are from SEE Europe so we may provide you competitive pricing. Learn More Speed We deliver our services within very fast timeframes. Learn More Bringing Talents For Global Innovation CONTACT US OUR REFERENCES Our Landing pagesShowcase We are part of Triballi Group that is B2B lead generation and outbound sales agency. Our IT department build tens of landing pages for our clients. Some of examples you may see below. Aleksandar Radojičić CEO and Co-founder Aleksandar Radojičić CEO and Co-founder A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary Phone:+1 (859) 254-6589 Email:info@example.com Amer Nurkic CEO and Co-founder Amer Nurkic CEO and Co-founder A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary Phone:+1 (859) 254-6589 Email:info@example.com TRIBALLI.BIZ Meet Our Founders One of our driving principles is the creation of strong and resilient software development teams and projects with the help of the most talented programmers in SEE & the CEE Region. MEET OUR FOUNDERS TESTIMONIALS What developers say about us Looking for your next career move in Software Engineering? We can facilitate your transition into a global teams. I want to share my impressions of Triballi Group. There are many different successfull projects that I was part of because of them. Ivona QA Engineer Firstly, an excellent oportunity if you want to have freedom but also to get job roles in serios companies. Dimitry Full Stack Engineer I am happy to share that I manage to became senior in Javascript working on projects that I got from Triballi. Jelena Javascrip Developer Triballi helped me to get permanent role in tech team for Swiss startup Alina Rust senior developer CONTACT US Connect with us Looking for an experienced software development team? Name Email Message Send We are TRIBALLI GROUP, the nexus between talent and global innovation Company Home About Us Our Team Why Choose Us Gallery Testimonials Contact Us Contact Info Office Address Bulevar Milutina Milankovica 9z, Beograd, Serbia Call Us +381 11 441 45 35 Mail Us office@triballi.org