Madina Foundation Communication Publication Contact Us Scholarship Form M Mission A About Us D Discover Us I In-Doing Projects N News & Events A At a Glance H Home “The best of people are those that bring the most benefit to the rest of mankind.” Saying of the Holy Prophet Hazrat Muhammad (Sallallahu Alaihi Wa Sallam): OUR MISSION Our Mission is, alleviation of unemployment and poverty irrespective of religion, cast, color, gender or creed and Provide economic relief and empowerment to the underprivileged cross section of the society. OUR VISION Give back majority of profits from the business to local and regional communities in the form of not for profit projects aimed at the general welfare and uplift ,particularly the underprivileged cross section of the society. Introduction Madinah Foundation Madinah Foundation is a non-profit charity organization approved under Section 47(I) (d) of the Income Tax Ordinance 1979, Government of Pakistan. The Foundation is dedicated to serving humanity in various sectors, including health and education. In addition, the Foundation is running various non profit projects for the welfare and social uplift of the community. Read More >>> THE UNIVERSITY OF FAISALABAD On March 17, 2002, Madinah Foundation launched a visionary mega project to overcome a deficit of quality education in the area. Read More THE UNIVERSITY OF FAISALABAD On March 17, 2002, Madinah Foundation launched a visionary mega project to overcome a deficit of quality education in the area. The University of Faisalabad (TUF) was established to cater to the educational and technological needs emerging in the progressive scenario of the country in general and surrounding areas in particular, with a missionary spirit, commitment and enthusiasm in line with the vision of its founders. The distinguished Faisalabad University aspires for an appropriate balance between the emerging disciplines of science and technology and prevalent fields of humanities and social sciences. The History of TUF shows that it is approved as a degree-awarding University by the Government of the Punjab, Law and Parliamentary Affairs Department vide Punjab Ordinance No LX of 2002. The Higher Education Commission recognizes it as a degree-awarding University. The University of Faisalabad is a Category ‘W-4’ University (highest grade awarded to any university by HEC for meeting the Cabinet and HEC criteria/requirement for faculty, programs, infrastructure, resources, laboratories, training facilities and endowment fund). It has the distinction of being ranked ‘FIRST’ in Pakistan, in HEC ranked public and private universities for the year 2013. It has secured third position among private sector universities of Pakistan in HEC ranking 2015. Ranking is based on teaching quality, research and quality assurance systems. What sets The University of Faisalabad supreme is its unconditional commitment to quality education, sincere teaching endeavors, exclusive skill development, lucrative facilities, dynamism to improve and a competent management team with a vivid vision. We proudly empower and groom the youth of Pakistan by inculcating a sense of achievement for meeting competitive global challenges and contributing to the socio-economic development and prosperity of the country. Every year, the university offers educational scholarships to thousands of underprivileged students with the help of the Madinah Foundation. The foundation spends over 100 Million Rupees annually to meet its fees. GREEN INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY The Punjab Government's Law and Parliamentary Affairs Department recognized Green International University as a degree-awarding university Read More GREEN INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY The Punjab Government's Law and Parliamentary Affairs Department recognized Green International University as a degree-awarding university in Punjab Ordinance No LX of 2002. The Governor of Punjab is the University's patron. Madinah Foundation is a charitable organization dedicated to helping humanity in various areas, including health and education. Madinah Foundation has long valued education and is building Green International University to deliver quality education and spread knowledge for a better society. GIU is dedicated to providing high-quality education, research, and innovation to help the world economy transition to a knowledge economy. As part of its vision and goal, the University will implement methods to excellence in academic and research activities. Furthermore, University management gives opportunities to all students to acquire a global mentality through international collaborations. We look forward to proudly enabling and preparing Pakistan's youth to embark on an exciting professional career by instilling a sense of accomplishment in them to tackle competitive global challenges and contribute to Pakistan's socio-economic progress and prosperity. ALI FATIMA TEACHING HOSPITAL Ali Fatima hospital (AFH) is a 500 bedded tertiary care hospital located at Raiwind Road, Lahore to address the needs of the community Read More ALI FATIMA TEACHING HOSPITAL Ali Fatima hospital (AFH) is a 500 bedded tertiary care hospital located at Raiwind Road, Lahore to address the needs of the community through providing low-cost health care as well as training facilities for medical and paramedical personnel. The target population in general belongs to the low socio-economic group in and around Lahore with a population of about 30 million. AFH is fully equipped with latest diagnostic and treatment facilities including separate neonatal, surgical and medical intensive care units. We also have state-of-the-art 13 Modular Operation Theaters, Medical Laboratory and Radiology (Ultrasound, Doppler, CT Scan 128 slices, MRI 1.5 tesla and Angio-suite). Highly qualified team of doctors and Nursing / Paramedics is working 24/7 to deliver efficient and effective healthcare facilities The hospital is a charitable institution functioning under the auspices of Madina Foundation. The hospital is affiliated with Abu Umara Medical and Dental College, Lahore. AFH is registered with Punjab Healthcare Commission (PHC) and ISO 9001:2015 certified. The hospital has following disciplines:- Medicine Allied General Medicine Gastroenterology Psychiatry Cardiology Dermatology Nephrology along with Dialysis Unit Pulmonology Pediatrics Surgery & Allied General Surgery Orthopedic Urology Maxillofacial Surgery ENT Ophthalmology Gynae & Obs The Hospital has accomplished several milestones in the treatment of suffering humanity. Aside from nearly full occupancy of beds indoors, more than 1100 patients benefit from the outdoors daily. The OPD is housed in an entirely constructed, centrally air-conditioned structure. The rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with the necessary medical equipment. The patients are being cared about by dedicated medical and nursing staff.In partnership with administrative support, the expert team of consultants and clinical personnel is dedicated to providing high-quality medical care to those in need 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Statistics of the year 2021 are as under Total OPD 153,000, total admissions 10,000 and total operations / procedures were about 3200/- MADINAH TEACHING HOSPITAL Madina Teaching Hospital (MTH) is a General Hospital certified from ISO 9001/2015 with 600 beds, attached to University Medical and Dental College (UMDC) Read More MADINAH TEACHING HOSPITAL Madina Teaching Hospital (MTH) is a General Hospital certified from ISO 9001/2015 with 600 beds, attached to University Medical and Dental College (UMDC), and The University of Faisalabad (TUF). It was established 30 years back with a vision of commitment, service and quality healthcare delivery to underprivileged cross-section areas of our society. It is recognized and licensed by Punjab Healthcare Commission (PHC), Pakistan Medical Commission (PMC), University of Health Sciences (UHS), College of Physician and Surgeons Pakistan (CPSP), Pakistan Nuclear Regulatory Authority (PNRA) and Pakistan Nursing Council (PNC) as a teaching hospital for Graduates and Post Graduate programs. A dedicated team of qualified and experienced doctors, nurses and paramedics are working round the clock to fulfil its mission towards continuous delivery of services and healthcare facilities among the ailing humanity. Currently, there are 70 consultants, and 190 Doctors are serving patients. In addition, being a teaching hospital, it provides state-of-the-art teaching facilities and infrastructure to the students of MBBS, BDS, PharmD, Physical Therapy, Optometry, Diet and Nutritional Sciences, Medical Imaging Sciences, Medical Lab Sciences, Dermatological Sciences and Nursing Programs. The Madinah Teaching Hospital has all the basic departments, including Ophthalmology, Medicine, Surgery, E.N.T, Gynecology, Gastroenterology, Pediatrics, Pathology, Urology, Radiology, Dermatology, Orthopedics, Physiotherapy, Rheumatology, Psychiatry, Emergency, Urology, Pulmonology, Cardiology, Nephrology Pediatrics and dentistry with state of the art electro-medical equipment and modern laboratory for diagnosis and treatment. The hospital is committed to providing free of cost medical and health services to the underprivileged cross-section of society, including consultancy, investigations, diagnoses, treatment, medicines, surgery (major and minor operations) and hospitalization. Every month, the hospital deals with approximately 25000 patients in OPD and on average, 2000 patients are treated and 100 minor/ major surgeries are performed daily. An estimated 87% of patients cases of OT are sponsored through the foundation. Last year, the foundation treated 251,268 patients and conducted 8628 surgeries and operations free of cost. In addition, the Dialysis department of the hospital facilitated 12937 patients with free dialysis services. Furthermore, every year, from September to October, hospitals conduct five days of medical camps in each department at Mth in which free of cost services are provided to needy people. Process to Get Free Medical Services The process is quite simple , the patients have to take 100 PKR slip from Receptions and consultation,treatments and surgeries are provided for free. Scholarship Madinah Foundation takes a scholarship program initiative with the hope to create a network of future leaders who will bring new vision and commitment to improving the life circumstances of citizen... Disaster and Emergency Relief In Pakistan, especially in the previous few years, the disaster rate has risen.Unfortunately, many stories of lives interrupted accompany these catastrophic economic losses, and experts fear that t... TAHUFFUZ-E-MUQADDAS AURAQ The Madinah Foundation takes initiatives of collecting torn out Holy scriptures (paper pieces with Quranic verses) from different spots (built by the foundation) in all over the Pakistan under the ... Madinah Eye Camp Haji Muhammad Salim sb sponsored free eye camps all over the world long before the Madinah Foundation was founded. It was not easy to set up an eye camp in a medically undeveloped city like Pakista... Madinah Medical Center – The second Step in Medical treatment After continuous free eye camps and other medical treatment activities, the foundation took an important step for establishing the Madinah Medical Centre. The center started working under the kind ... Water, Sanitation & Hygiene One of the Madinah Foundation is to provide access to clean drinking water and basic sanitation across Pakistan to not contract life-threatening diseases due to contaminated water. By t... Read More Health Sciences Wing The Proud Pakistani Tradition of Feeding the Hungry is Strained as Food Prices Soar A dervish in a scarlet whirling skirt, bells strapped to his chest, raises his fist to salute a S Read More ... Health Sciences Wing Madina Foundation Organized a Medical Camp In Narowal Jail Districts And Examined 147 Inmates Madina Foundation organized a medical camp in Narowal Jail Districts and examined 147 inmates. Th Read More ... Health Sciences Wing Madina Foundation Organized A Free Medical Camp In The District Jail Of Faisalabad Madina Foundation, collaborating with the District Jail Faisalabad, conducted a free medical camp Read More ... Health Sciences Wing Free Medical Camp by Department of Dermatology Free Medical Camp by Department of Dermatology Department of Dermatology, Madinah Teaching Hospit Read More ... Health Sciences Wing Free Nutrition Awareness Camp at MTH Department of Clinical Dietetics of Madinah Teaching Hospital organized Nutritional Awareness Cam Read More ... Health Sciences Wing Women Empowerment, Maternal and Child Care An illuminating talk on “Women Empowerment, Maternal and Child Care” was arranged by Read More ... Read More Gate No 2, University Town, Sargodha Road, Faisalabad - Pakistan. Tel : +92 41 886 9891 - 5 Fax : +92 41 886 9899 Email : [email protected]