International Conference on Innovations in Engineering, Technology, Computers and Applied Sciences International Conference on Innovations in Engineering, Technology, Computers and Applied Sciences International Helpline : +971 52 829 9493, +91 9781001229 For contact: info@iaaes.org HOME Media Partner Topics/Call for PapersScientific Awards Important Dates Reviewer Committee Scientific Program Committee Paper Submission Registration Join As Reviewer Member Conference program VENUE PROCEEDINGS Our Newsletter Other Conferences of URCAE Assisted By 20th BUDAPEST International Conference on Innovations in Engineering, Technology, Computers and Applied Sciences (IETCAS-22)April 26-28, 2022 Budapest (Hungary) Deadline of New Full Paper/Poster/Abstract Submissions: Jan. 21, 2022 (EARLY BIRD) The idea of 20th BUDAPEST International Conference on Innovations in Engineering, Technology, Computers and Applied Sciences (IETCAS-22) on April 26-28, 2022 Budapest (Hungary​) is for the scientists, scholars, engineers and students from the Universities all around the world and the industry to present ongoing research activities, and hence to foster research relations between the Universities and the industry. This conference provides opportunities for the delegates to exchange new ideas and application experiences face to face, to establish business or research relations and to find global partners for future collaboration. IETCAS-22 is sponsored by Universal Researchers in Engineering (URENG). All full paper submissions will be peer reviewed and evaluated based on originality, technical and/or research content/depth, correctness, relevance to conference, contributions, and readability. All accepted papers of IETCAS-22 will be published in the printed conference proceedings with valid International ISBN number that will be registered at: London, UK. The Proceedings of the Conference will be published by UR-CPS (Conference Publishing Services) and will be archived in UR's Engineering & Technology Digital Library. Each Paper will be assigned Digital Object Identifier(DOI) from CROSSREF. The Proceeding can be submitted to SCOPUS journals for review and indexing. In addition the proceedings will be indexed at Google and Google Scholar google.com and all major search engines. Best Presentation Award certificates will also be distributed at the time of the conference. English is the official language of the conference. We welcome paper submissions. Prospective authors are invited to submit full (and original research) papers (which is NOT submitted or published or under consideration anywhere in other conferences/journal) in electronic (DOC or PDF) format alongwith the contact information. Paper Template. Please submit your papers by email at: info@iaaes.org For any inquiry about the submission and conference, please feel free to contact us at: info@iaaes.org Testimonial Message: What people are saying about us: Conference Speaker(s) / Conference Chair(s) / Session Chair(s) Dr. Shih-Chuan Yeh Associate Professor, Department of Electronic Engineering /De Lin Institute of Technology, Taiwan Prof. Dr. Wen-Pei Sung Department of Landscape Architecture National Chin-Yi University of Technology, Taiwan Prof. Dr. Bülent TOPCUOĞLU Akdeniz University, TURKEY Prof. Kazuaki Maeda Chubu University, Matsumoto, Kasugai, Aichi, Japan Prof. T S G Peiris University of Moratuwa, Sri Lanka Prof. Gorgonio Castillo Vallestero II Mapua Institute of Technology, Philippines Deepak D Associate Professor, Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal University, Manipal, India Prof. Dr. Haiu Aurelia President and Founder of Armonita Foundation, Bucharest (Romania) HOME Media Partner Topics/Call for PapersScientific Awards Important Dates Paper Submission REGISTRATION For Emergency: info@iaaes.org Copyright © 2024 BASCE.URCAE.ORG. All Rights Reserved.