Catapult Toggle navigation magazine magazine Arts & Culture Columns People Places Health Science Fiction Catapult books classes All Classes Generators Online Classes Instructors Contact FAQ Don’t Write Alone Interviews Toolkit Opportunities Columns Where We Write Free Write Notes on Craft Notes from Class Writing Life Shop Talk about about Who We Are Our Vision Magazine Masthead Submit Events Perception Box sign in Arts & Culture | Movies Making the Grand Romantic Gesture In our seven years together, we’ve thrived on routine. We’ve done long-distance before, but never quite like this. Daniel Tam-Claiborne Feb 16, 2023 Columns | I’ll Have What She’s Having ‘Moonstruck’ Makes Me Reconsider the Myth of Bad Luck Jo Hylton Feb 15, 2023 Arts & Culture | Language How to Say I Love You in Bangla Tauheed Zaman Feb 14, 2023 Arts & Culture | Movies Who Deserves Love In the Nineties Rom-Com? Somewhere between the one-dimensional BIPOC sidekick and the final, showstopping kiss, I forgot that I was consuming love stories built on exclusion. Hadera McKay Feb 13, 2023 Fiction | Short Story Yeet! That! Teet! The high-tier prizes involved top-of-the-line gender-affirmation surgery—usually stuff not covered yet by health insurance. Emrys Donaldson Feb 10, 2023 Arts & Culture | Columns | Women Watching Horror Films In Horror Films, the Newest Nightmare Is Getting Canceled Men around me speak about cancel culture with such hyperbole and terror, you’d think it was a supernatural force. Heather O'Neill Feb 09, 2023 Don’t Write Alone | Writing Life Once I Publish This Romance Novel, Please Don’t (Slow) Burn Me at the Stake After being an avid romance reader for years, I’m finally writing a romance novel—and I am terrified of messing up. Nichole Perkins Feb 16, 2023 UPCOMING ONLINE CLASSES Online | Open-Genre | Reading Group 6 Weeks of Reading Class as Writers Madeline Vosch Online | Nonfiction | Workshop 8-Week Nonfiction Workshop: The Art of the Crónica Javier Sinay Online | Fiction | Workshop 8-Week Fiction Workshop: Pacing, Plot, & Publishing Christine Ma-Kellams Online | Fiction, Novel | Workshop 10-Week Novel Revision Workshop Taylor Larsen Online | Fiction, Nonfiction | Workshop 6-Week Open-Genre Workshop for Writers of Color: Writing About Languages Jenna Tang Online | Fiction | Reading Group 4 Weeks of Reading Novels about Art as Writers Aatif Rashid Online | Fiction, Open-Genre | Intensive Interactive Fiction Incubator: 12 Months to a Released Game Nat Mesnard Online | Poetry, Memoir | Workshop 4-Week Generative Poetry Workshop: When Poetry Meets Memoir Anastacia Renee Romance Week Don’t Write Alone | Notes On Craft The Art of Romantic Tension For our Romance Week series, novelist LaQuette shares essential lessons on building narrative tension by manipulating your characters’ goals, motivations, and conflicts. LaQuette . Feb 13, 2023 Don’t Write Alone | Interviews Publishing Is Finally Taking Romance Seriously—and Jasmine Guillory is Here For It For our Romance Week series, Arriel Vinson interviews bestselling novelist Jasmine Guillory about the past, present, and future of the romance genre. Arriel Vinson Feb 14, 2023 Don’t Write Alone | Shop Talk Should I Self-Publish My Romance Novel? For our Romance Week series, Bryn Donovan breaks down the pros and cons of self publishing as a romance writer. Bryn Donovan Feb 14, 2023 Most Recent from Don’t Write Alone Eliza Harris 2023 Submission and Freelance Writing Opportunities Sonya Lalli First Comes Love, Then Comes the Subplot Bryn Donovan Writing the Big Reveal in Romance The Editors Reading Recommendations for Aspiring Romance Writers Anna Held So You’re Writing an Essay. But What Is It Really About? Arts & Culture When Food is the Only Narrative We Consume Angie Kang Wearing My Grief On My Sleeve Jessica Pavia Bad Friend Art Jessika Bouvier People | Comic I Do Not Want to Write Today: A Comic I don’t want to write today. I don’t want to write about violence today. I don’t want to write about honor or duty or respect today. Shing Yin Khor May 25, 2021 Craft Books from Catapult Catapult | Creative Writing | Criticism | Reference Meander, Spiral, Explode: Design and Pattern in Narrative by Jane Alison Catapult | nonfiction Craft in the Real World by Matthew Salesses Catapult Body Work by Melissa Febos Catapult | short stories Best Debut Short Stories 2022 edited by Yuka Igarashi and Sarah Lyn Rogers Columns Columns | Formation Jukebox Releasing the Fear of St. Vincent’s “Year of the Tiger” I fear it and I dream of it: total honesty with my family, opening the door of my personhood and letting them see all of me. Lio Min Feb 06, 2023 Columns | Love And Silence To Tell a Story Is to Tell It Again, to Carry Another Time Regret, I was once told, means to weep again. My first thought, when I heard this: That’s what it is to tell a story. Matthew Salesses Jan 24, 2023 Columns | Kawaii Intimacies The Mixed-Race Fantasy Behind Kawaii Aesthetics Toward my “Japanese Barbie,” I felt mostly indifferent. Erica Kanesaka Jan 17, 2023 Popular Stories Hannah Walhout Attack of the Six-Foot Woman Shing Yin Khor How Did Chop Suey Become a Staple of Chinese American Cuisine? Rainesford Stauffer The Obsession with “Getting Ahead” in Your Twenties Is Failing Young People Alexis Zanghi What Home Staging Showed Me About Housing in America Rax King Love, Peace, and Taco Grease: How I Left My Abusive Husband and Found Guy Fieri Places In Travel Journalism, After Every Disaster Comes “the Perfect Time to Visit” Cailey Rizzo Walking Off Grief on the Appalachian Trail Gunnar Lundberg Mourning In and Out of Our Clothes Alex Torres Columns | Unreal Estates To All the Brooklyn Brownstones I’ve Loved Before The brownstone stood for everything I wanted: solidity and urbanity, possibility and permanence. I could see it, stand inside it, even sleep there. But it wasn’t mine. Beth Boyle Machlan Feb 28, 2022 Poetry Catapult | Poetry RATIONING SWEETGRASS a steadfast soul-birth, tried and true / this is where you sing creation into being Tarene Thomas Sep 22, 2022 Catapult | Poetry Complicit Poem When was the last time you chose / a glass of pinot over fair pay? Sara Borjas Sep 13, 2022 Catapult | Poetry GET FUCKED & DIE! Poetica Though, no man can disappoint me / as much as the body I was / born into. Kidding, obvi. I’m Chilling! George Abraham Aug 30, 2022 More Poetry Camonghne L Felix Even When Looking Up, He Thinks He Is Above the Stars Hala Alyan [Political] Dialogue Alan Pelaez Lopez On the occasion that i die before i’m thirty, Nadra Mabrouk Reimagining Light Migizi Pensoneau A TEMPLATE FOR YOUR FIRST EVER NATIVE AMERICAN “LAND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT” Fiction | Short Story twisty little passages You walk to the house. The door blocks you from going farther. Jess Zimmerman Apr 09, 2021 Fiction Fiction | Short Story The Tremendous One Pui touches his nose to confirm he’s still there. He’s alive and, surprisingly, grateful. Gerardo Sámano Córdova Feb 03, 2023 Fiction | Short Story In the After We stayed warm and near to each other around the crackling flames. That’s how we continued on. Abby Manzella Jan 27, 2023 Fiction | Short Story Clarity Clarity knows how to turn your pain into an apology, but Nid Jeuniper has trained me a way out of this scenario. Swati Sudarsan Jan 20, 2023 More Fiction Brandon Taylor The Kings of Norway John Paul Brammer The Moon’s Navel Norman Erikson Pasaribu, translated by Tiffany Tsao So What’s Your Name, Sandra? Joseph Han Hyung Gina Chung How to Eat Your Own Heart Follow Us Search Search magazine books classes don’t write alone sign up for our newsletter catapult Home Arts & Culture Columns People Places Health Science Fiction Catapult catapult Home Health Science Fiction Catapult books Home classes Home All Classes Online Classes Consultations Instructors Contact Events FAQ dont't write alone Interviews Toolkit Opportunities Columns Where We Write Free Write Notes on Craft Notes from Class Writing Life Shop Talk about classes Contact Events FAQ Follow Us sign up for our newsletter About Us Perception Box Terms of use Privacy Policy What kind of story would you like to write? Editorial Community Search Reset Password Email Send Reset Password Email Send Log into your Catapult account below Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter OR submit Terms of use | Privacy Policy Save Sorry! You do not have an account with Catapult. Please make sure you have typed your email address correctly. If you believe this message is in error, please email [email protected] Enter your password to proceed Password Reset Password? Sign In OR Haven't set your password? Login with your associated social account Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter launching remarkable writing Magazine home Arts & Culture Columns People Places Health Science Catapult Classes home All Classes NYC Classes Online Classes Consultations Instructors Contact FAQ Books Don’t Write Alone home Interviews Toolkit Opportunities Columns Where We Write Free Write Notes on Craft Notes from Class Writing Life Shop Talk about About Who We Are Our Vision Magazine Masthead Submit Events Perception Box log in