Home | The British Academy sprite-icon-accessible-parkingsprite-icon-analysissprite-icon-apple-podcastssprite-icon-arrow-upsprite-icon-audio-descriptionsprite-icon-baby-changing-facilitiessprite-icon-british-sign-languagesprite-icon-caretsprite-icon-chevron-in-circlesprite-icon-chevronsprite-icon-commentsprite-icon-crosssprite-icon-deezersprite-icon-disabled-parkingsprite-icon-down-block-arrowsprite-icon-downloadsprite-icon-externalFacebooksprite-icon-google-podcastssprite-icon-hearing-loopsprite-icon-instagramLinkedInsprite-icon-live-subtitlingsprite-icon-mediumsprite-icon-menusprite-icon-minus-in-circlesprite-icon-newssprite-icon-online-and-in-personsprite-icon-online-eventsprite-icon-open-quotesprite-icon-padlocksprite-icon-pausesprite-icon-playsprite-icon-plus-in-circlesprite-icon-podcast-addictsprite-icon-press-releasesprite-icon-quotesprite-icon-right-arrowsprite-icon-searchsprite-icon-soundcloud-blanksprite-icon-soundcloudsprite-icon-spotifysprite-icon-stitchersprite-icon-subtitlesTwittersprite-icon-up-block-arrowVimeosprite-icon-warningsprite-icon-wheelchair-accessible-venuesprite-icon-youtube Skip to content Menu Our Fellows Funding Events Policy and Research Read, Watch, Listen More About Support Press British Academy Book Prize Art Publishing Venue hire Early Career Researcher Network Flexi-Grant Login Search Latest from the British Academy News and Analysis In their own words – new essay collection sheds light on Early Career Researchers’ experiences of UK higher education A pioneering essay collection showcases the personal stories of Early Career Researchers (ECRs), shedding light on their experiences of UK higher education and proposing solutions to the challenges they face. British Academy Book Prize 2024 announces support from Hawthornden Foundation The British Academy Book Prize for Global Cultural Understanding – the £25,000 non-fiction book prize – announces support from Hawthornden Foundation. New report warns "urgent and decisive” leadership required to achieve net zero A new report warns that ‘urgent and decisive’ leadership is needed for the UK to achieve its net zero goal. News and Analysis British Academy Book Prize for Global Cultural Understanding The British Academy Book Prize, worth £25,000, is awarded annually for a non-fiction book that promotes global cultural understanding. Funding opportunities Apply International Fellowships 2024 Closing date: 13 March 2024 Antimicrobial Resistance Closing date: 10 April 2024 Climate Change Adaptation and Mitigation Led by or Actively Involving Indigenous Peoples and Local Communities Closing date: 10 April 2024 Culture, Heritage and Climate Action Closing date: 10 April 2024 Environmental Resilience and Climate Action Closing date: 10 April 2024 Pandemic Preparedness Closing date: 10 April 2024 Power and Voice in Climate Action Closing date: 10 April 2024 Social Determinants of Health Closing date: 10 April 2024 Societal Challenges and Approaches to Responsible Technologies Closing date: 10 April 2024 Women and Climate Action Closing date: 10 April 2024 Additional needs Ongoing Apply Support the British Academy Support us As a charity, we rely on donations and gifts from individuals and organisations to invest in researchers and projects across the UK and overseas, engage the public with fresh thinking and debates, and bring together scholars, government, business and civil society to influence policy for the benefit of everyone. Publishing Find out more Exploring Medical Mistrust: From Clinic to Community New supplementary issue of the Journal of the British Academy This special issue explores and unpacks the complex temporal, social and scalar relation-ships which are intertwined with contemporary manifestations of mistrust in medicine. We ask what social science and humanities disciplines can offer in relation to wider understandings of the processes driving resistance to and refusal of medical interventions, including but also beyond vaccines. We distil insights derived from diverse spaces of medical encounter, ambivalence and resistance that serve as arenas which generate mistrust. We bring this analysis to deepen an understanding of the frictions and affective relations which exist between vertical and horizontal relations which constitute health systems. Exploring Medical Mistrust: From Clinic to Community New Open Access British Academy Monographs Publishing news The British Academy continues to publish Open Access monographs that showcase the work of outstanding early career researchers. New titles include The Birth of Psychological War: Propaganda, Espionage, and Military Violence from WWII to the Vietnam War, by Jeffrey Whyte; Comparing the Worth of the While in Fiji and Finland, by Matti Eräsaari; and Media, Religion, Citizenship: Transnational Alevi Media and Its Audience, by Kumru Berfin Emre. New Open Access British Academy Monographs Now available: Proceedings of the British Academy ebooks Publishing news In a further bid to expand the accessibility of our publications we are now publishing ebooks of selected titles. Volumes now available as ebooks include Theoretical Linguistics in the Pre-University Classroom, edited by Alice Corr and Anna Pineda; Judicial Independence Under Threat, edited by Dimitrios Giannoulopoulos and Yvonne McDermott; and Imagining Andrew Marvell at 400, edited by Matthew C. Augustine, Giulio J. Pertile, Steven N. Zwicker. Titles that are available as ebooks can be purchased from your preferred ebook retailer. Now available: Proceedings of the British Academy ebooks Find out more British Academy SHAPE Observatory Bringing independence, authority and objectivity, the SHAPE Observatory monitors the health and development of the humanities and social sciences The COVID Decade Historic and Geographic Patterns of Health Inequalities Evidence report In November 2021, the British Academy, in partnership with the Academy of Medical Sciences, convened a roundtable on geographic and historic patterns of health inequalities in the UK. The roundtable followed a request from the UK government’s Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (SAGE) in June 2021 to explore the geographic factors associated with historically poorer public health outcomes over the last 200 years. Historic and Geographic Patterns of Health Inequalities The COVID Decade: understanding the long-term societal impacts of COVID-19 Evidence report The British Academy was asked by the Government Office for Science to produce an independent review on the long-term societal impacts of COVID-19. This report outlines the evidence across a range of areas, building upon a series of expert reviews, engagement, synthesis and analysis across the SHAPE research community. It shows that COVID-19 has generated a series of social, economic and cultural effects which will have long-term impacts. The COVID Decade: understanding the long-term societal impacts of COVID-19 Shaping the COVID decade: addressing the long-term societal impacts of COVID-19 Policy report The British Academy has undertaken the substantial task of beginning to answer the longer-term question about what the societal impacts of COVID-19 will be and how we address them. This report sets out an interrelated set of nine areas of long-term impact, seven strategic policy goals and five key principles of a facilitative policy environment for 2030. We aim here to provide decision-makers with a sense of how to start to respond to these longer-term impacts based on the current evidence, and how to shape the COVID decade. Shaping the COVID decade: addressing the long-term societal impacts of COVID-19 Policy and research The SHAPE of research impact British Academy engagement around the UK AI Safety Summit Understanding SHAPE in R&D: bridging the evidence gap Global Challenges Research Fund policy briefings The Global Challenges Research Fund (GCRF) is a £1.5 billion fund that supports researchers seeking to address challenges faced by developing countries and forms part of the UK’s Official Development Assistance (ODA). The GCRF addresses the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The British Academy runs programmes through the GCRF that are challenge-led and interdisciplinary. Sign up to our email newsletters Sign Up Email Preferences I'm particularly interested in updates on: Read, Watch, Listen Each fortnight we bring insights from Fellows of the British Academy and share our recommendations for what to read, watch and listen. Funding Opportunities Receive updates on funding opportunities when they are open for applications. International Activities Keep up to date every month with our international work. Research and Higher Education Policy Each month, we highlight news in higher education policy and our funded research. Childhood Policy Programme Receive bimonthly updates on this programme which seeks to re-frame debates around childhood in both the public and policy spaces. British International Research Institutes Hear about the work and events of these institutes. Future of the Corporation Receive updates about our programme examining the purpose of business and its role in society. Summer Showcase Get the latest updates on our free annual festival of ideas for curious minds. Yes, I wish to receive regular emails from the British Academy about the work of the organisation which may include news, reports, publications, research, affiliate organisations, engagement, projects, funding, fundraising and events. The British Academy is the UK’s national academy for the humanities and social sciences. We mobilise these disciplines to understand the world and shape a brighter future. ​ Site map Home About us Our Fellows Funding Policy and research Events Flexi-grant Read, Watch, Listen Press and media Support us Prizes and Medals Publishing Art Jobs Venue hire Library Contact us Follow us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Soundcloud Visiting Us 10–11 Carlton House Terrace London SW1Y 5AH View on a map Website accessibility Privacy policy Cookies policy Copyright