Switzerland Travel & Vacation | Switzerland Tourism Navigate to myswitzerland.com Quick navigation Content Home page Navigation Sitemap Search Close Navigation Close Navigation Main menu Destinations Holiday destinations Attractions Nature Your Swiss holiday time Presented by Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Destinations Holiday destinations Cities Summer holiday destinations Winter sports & ski resorts Family destinations Regions Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Destinations Attractions Top attractions UNESCO World Heritage sites / biospheres Travel by train, bus or boat Top museums Culture Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Destinations Nature Mountains Waters Swiss Parks Scenic nature Read all Find on the map Open the map France Italy Austria Germany 100 km Close Navigation Main menu Experiences Summer & Autumn Winter Cities & culture Experience Tour Additional content about subnavigation experiences Events Family excursions Food & Wine Group excursions Guided tours Wedding Your Swiss holiday time Presented by Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Experiences Summer & Autumn Hiking Bicycle & Mountain bike Adventure & Sports Summer Zoo & animal experiences Excursions Autumn Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Experiences Winter Ski and snowboard Cross-country skiing Snowshoe and winter hiking Tobogganing Winter excursions Christmas in Switzerland Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Experiences Cities & culture Old towns City tours Parks, Gardens and Squares Architecture Museums Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Experiences Experience Tour Car, motorcycle - Grand Tour Train, bus, boat – Grand Train Tour Mountain excursions Read all Additional content about subnavigation experiences Events Family excursions Food & Wine Group excursions Guided tours Wedding Close Navigation Main menu Accommodation Hotels Other types of accommodation Book a hotel Your Swiss holiday time Presented by Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Accommodation Hotels Typically Swiss Hotels Wellness & Spa Family Hotels Bike Hotels Boutique Hotels Inspiring Meeting Hotels Swiss Historic Hotels Luxury hotels Winter sports hotels Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Accommodation Other types of accommodation Apartments On the farm Camping Hostels Bed and Breakfast Mountains huts Group accommodation Read all Close Navigation Accommodation Book a hotel Show Hotels all Place / Region Arrival (optional) Arrival (optional) (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Departure (optional) Departure (optional) (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Find accommodation Close Navigation Main menu Planning Transport & Stay About Switzerland Weather & Climate Offers Your Swiss holiday time Presented by Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Planning Transport & Stay Travel to Switzerland Barrier-free travel Tickets public transport Service & support Money and shopping Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Planning About Switzerland General facts Custom and tradition History of Switzerland The Swiss Art and Culture Scene Brochures Health Travel Sustainability Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Planning Weather & Climate Forecast Climate in Switzerland Snow Report Water and pool temperatures Read all Subnavigation Section Close Navigation Planning Offers City offers Touring offers Wellness offers Nature and outdoor offers Offers for families Read all At a glance Languages German (Swiss German) Grüezi grew-e-tsi French Bonjour bɔ̃ʒuʁ Italian Buongiorno bondʒɔrno Romansh Buondì buondì Currency Swiss Franc 1 CHF Euro 1.02 € Swiss Franc 1 CHF US Dollar 1 $ Swiss Franc 1 CHF Pound 0.86 £ Weather Max. Temperature °CZurich, 408 m (1,339 ft) 3 J 5 F 10 M 14 A 19 M 22 J 24 J 23 A 19 S 14 O 7 N 4 D Weather today (Zurich) Max. Temperature °CZermatt, 1,608 m (5,276 ft) 0 J 1 F 4 M 7 A 12 M 16 J 19 J 18 A 15 S 11 O 5 N 1 D Weather today (Zermatt) Your Swiss holiday time Presented by Close Navigation Close Navigation Where are you from? Europe België (Nederlands) Belgique (Français) Čeština Deutschland España France Ireland Italia Netherlands Österreich Polska Portugal Russia (Россия) Schweiz (Deutsch) Suisse (Français) Svizzera (Italiano) Switzerland (English) Sverige United Kingdom America Brasil Canada (English) Canada (Français) USA Asia / Africa China 中文简体 China 中文繁体 Gulf countries العربية India Indonesia Israel Japan 日本 Korea 한국어 Malaysia Singapore Thailand United Arab Emirates Australia / Oceania Australia New Zealand Country not listed? International Close Navigation Overlay schliessen Overlay schliessen Main menu Destinations Experiences Accommodation Planning Search Search Language, region and important links Meetings Language select (click to display) Deutsch English Français Italiano Español Nederlands Português Polski Русский العربية 中文简体 中文繁体 日本語 한국어 Čeština Slovenština country/region: Singapore change Close language Service Navigation Map Help & Contact Menu Open navigation Close Navigation Search Search Main menu Switzerland Travel & Vacation Destinations Experiences Accommodation Planning Service Navigation Map Help & Contact Inspiration Calendar Note for screen reader users The following content is heavily based on moving video content and mouse interactions. He is therefore not very accessible to screen readers. Short videos are displayed, sorted by month.Jump directly to the content overview We need Switzerland. Get inspired now! Start Video and animations Jungfraujoch Jungfraujoch On the Top of Europe: A visit to the Jungfraujoch puts a jewel in the crown of any visit to Switzerland. Learn more Crans-Montana Crans-Montana Sun-drenched plateau high above the Rhone Valley. Learn more Andermatt Albert Heim Hut The views of the Galenstock and the crystalline rock-climbing routes are stunning. Rigi Rigi Kaltbad Swiss Quality Hotel Enjoy the hospitality in an inspiring alpine setting. Learn more Highland hike from Rigi-Kaltbad to Urmiberg The highland tour from Kaltbad via the Scheidegg to Urmiberg can only be described as absolute top! Lucerne Lucerne Gateway to central Switzerland. Learn more Lucerne through Turner's eyes. On Lake Lucerne with the master of English Romanticism. Learn more Switzerland’s cities ... ... want to seduce you into discovering something new or experiencing something old in a new way. Learn more Chapel Bridge and Water Tower At the outflow of the river Reuss, a historic needle dam, built in 1860, regulates the water level of the lake. Learn more Brienz Giessbach Falls The Giessbach brook tumbles in 14 stages, over a length of 500 meters and out of the high valleys of the Faulhorn area down to Lake Brienz. Learn more Waterfalls You can feel the sheer force of the water as it thunders down into the depths. Learn more Swiss Historic Hotels Unique accommodation options from an unpretentious historic guesthouse to the luxurious grand hotel. Learn more Emmental Emmentaler AOP The king of Swiss cheese. Learn more Scenic nature Thanks to its unique geographical location at the heart of Europe, Switzerland is endowed with an extraordinary variety of scenic countryside. Learn more Neuhausen am Rheinfall Rhine falls circular route The Rhine Falls are the centrepiece of this circular hike. Learn more The Rhine Falls By ship one can reach castles, the Rhine Falls Basin and even the mighty rock in the midst of the waterfall. Learn more Kandersteg Oeschinensee – gondola rail One of the most attractive and imposing mountain lakes, namely Oeschinensee, is reached by gondola rail from Kandersteg. Learn more Kandersteg Kandersteg is located at 1,200 meters in the Bernese Oberland and offers a fantastic view of the Blümlisalp Massif. Learn more Rivers and lakes Discover the most beautiful lakes, rivers, streams, waterfalls and gorges in our country. Learn more Unterwasser Chäserrugg – and the Churfirsten From Chäserrugg, the mightiest of the seven peaks of the Churfirsten mountain range, you can enjoy unsurpassed views into six countries. Wildhaus Nestled between the mighty Säntis massif and the seven Churfirsten peaks, the resorts of Alt St. Johann, Unterwasser and Wildhaus are among the highest-lying municipalities in Toggenburg. Learn more Flims Ruinaulta - Switzerland's Grand Canyon 10,000 years ago, 10 billion cubic metres of rock thundered into the valley. Learn more On a raft through the Swiss Grand Canyon The Rhine gorge is among Switzerland’s most beautiful locations for rafting. Learn more Brissago Island Brissago The lowest and oldest part of the village is clustered around the beautiful Renaissance church of St. Peter and Paul, surrounded by centuries-old cypresses. Learn more Brissago - Ronco - Ascona Strong fragrance of mimosas, well-tended Palm Gardens and simply unsurpassable views of the deep-blue Lago (Lake) Maggiore. Wildhaus Around the Churfirsten This moderately challenging loop takes you to the Wildhaus ski resort along a minor, little-known road and skirts magnificent Lake Walen. Learn more Donkey trekking The first item on this special walk is “donkey knowledge” before everybody prepares their “own” donkey. Learn more Gruyère Pays-d'Enhaut Regional Nature Park La Gruyère The Gruyère region, with its rolling green landscape and the peaks of the Fribourg Pre-Alps, is home to the world-famous Gruyère cheese. Learn more HR Giger Museum As tourists savor a fondue outside on the square, the surreal works of H.R. Giger come alive inside the Château St. Germain castle. Learn more Fribourg Region The Pays de Fribourg is somewhat a world turned upside down: cold, limestone summits are found in the south and mild, even Mediterranean-like lakesides in the north. Learn more Viamala Viamala Gorge The Viamala is full of history and stories. 2000 years ago, the Romans passed through the gorge. Learn more Canyoning in the Viamala Gorge The tour is led by experienced guides who assist the visitors with this nature adventure. Stans CabriO Stanserhorn Enjoying the wind in one’s face and the perfect view. Learn more Mountain railways The journey to the top is an attraction in itself, be it onboard a cogwheel train, a cable car or the world’s steepest funicular. Learn more Wasserauen Ebenalp Hiking and Äscher cliff restaurant Nowhere else in Switzerland is the change from the hilly landscape of Central Switzerland to the craggy alpine scenery so abrupt or impressive as in the Alpstein area. Learn more Ebenalp and Wildkirchli Already Neanderthal men were here where today a cableway sweeps visitors up. Learn more Montreux Montreux Riviera The town of Montreux nestles in a sheltered Lake Geneva bay, surrounded by vineyards and against the breathtaking backdrop of snow-covered Alps. Learn more Bern Bern Cathedral The Bern Münster Cathedral of St. Vincent is the most impressive late-Gothic building in the city. Learn more City breaks City breaks are a brief escape from everyday life – and our Swiss Boutique Towns are perfect for the occasion. Learn more Bern Not many cities have managed to retain their historic features quite as successfully as Bern, the capital of Switzerland. Learn more Airolo Dream route Airolo - Gletsch From Airolo, the historic pass road snakes around hairpin bends up to the Gotthard. Learn more Aletsch Arena Swiss Alps Jungfrau-Aletsch The Jungfrau-Aletsch Region was chosen as the first Alpine UNESCO World Natural Heritage Site in 2001. Learn more Glaciers Venture out onto eternal ice and explore our country’s many glaciers. Learn more Thun Oberhofen Castle - Living Museum and Park The castle, which dates back to the early 13th century, houses a living museum. Learn more Lake Thun Lake Thun is especially popular amongst sailors and windsurfers who appreciate the prevailing light breeze. Learn more Basel Swimming in the Rhine through the historic old town Thousands of people cool off by leaping into the refreshing water during the warmer months of the year. Learn more Basel Home to 40 museums, the city of culture for connoisseurs has the highest concentration of museums in the country. Learn more Zernez Nationalpark Bike-Marathon In four one-day stages you experience the unique countryside on the National Park bike marathon route. Learn more Swiss parcs The Swiss parks are not just great spots for rest and relaxation, but also play a key role in the preservation of natural habitats. Learn more Geneva Geneva With its humanitarian tradition and cosmopolitan flair, the European seat of the UNO and headquarters of the Red Cross is known as the «capital of peace». Learn more Jet d'Eau In Geneva harbour, known as “La Rade”, this water jet up to 140 metres high is a real eye-catcher. Learn more Appenzell Appenzell The village of Appenzell and the Canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden are situated in a singularly beautiful landscape of rolling hills. Learn more Appenzeller® Cheese The country’s spiciest cheese has been made by hand in the same way for more than 700 years. Learn more Alpine Panorama Route The Alpine Panorama Route crosses the northern Alpine foreland with its many passes and gorges, tradition-rich culture, settlements and mountain farms. Learn more Seengen Hallwilersee Like the Baldeggersee lake a little further south, Lake Hallwil is located in the Seetal, a north-south valley that leads from the Lucerne hinterland to Lenzburg. Learn more Monte Generoso and Valle di Muggio Monte Generoso At the southern end of Lake Lugano is the 1,701 metre high Monte Generoso. Learn more Albulatal / Bergün Via Albula/Bernina Through moorland and Alpine pastures to the Berninapass. One highlight follows another. Learn more Autumn The forests reveal a wonderful palette of colours, leaves crunch underfoot and you can already imagine the wonderful seasonal dishes that await. Learn more Lavaux, Vineyard Terraces Lavaux, Vineyard Terraces The natural, cultural and culinary highlights of this area are definitely well worth a visit. Learn more Jura & Three-Lakes Jura Crest Trail The undisputed highlight of this tour across an extensive grazing area is Mont Tendre, the highest point in the Swiss Jura. Learn more Zug Zug Zyt Tower, which offers a magnificent view of the Old Town, the Zug Mountain and Lake Zug, is the city's landmark. Learn more Zug Castle Museum With its many nooks and crannies, Zug Castle has been home to the museum of cultural history for the city and the Canton of Zug since 1983. Learn more Noiraigue Creux du Van – Natural Spectacle Impressive 160 meter high vertical rock faces surround a four kilometer long and over one kilometer wide valley basin. Learn more Val de Travers The Val de Tavers is characterised by the watch industry and extends from Lake Neuenburg across the Jura all the way to the French border. Learn more Lugano LAC Arte e Cultura The building by Ticino architect Ivano Gianola offers visitors art across 2500 square metres Learn more Lugano With Mediterranean flair, Lugano offers all the advantages of a world-class city, combined with the cachet of a small town. Learn more Art & culture Switzerland is brimming with cultural surprises. Learn more Fribourg / Freiburg Fribourg / Freiburg Over 200 unique Gothic facades from the 15th century impart incomparable medieval charm to the Old Town. Learn more Cathedral of St. Nicholas Climb the 368 steps and you will be rewarded with an unforgettable view of the town of Fribourg. Learn more S. Carlo Val Calnègia It can only be reached on foot, but the reward in the form of a submerged creek, unusual buildings and spectacular scenery is well worth the effort. Learn more Veytaux Rochers-de-Naye: mountain with a view No two worlds could contrast more than those at the beginning and the end of the thrilling train ride from lively, sophisticated Montreux to the austere summit of Rochers-de-Naye. Schwarzsee Schwarzsee The vacation region around the Black Lake and in the Eastern Freiburg Pre-Alps (Voralpen) is well-known for its authenticity and its wild, romantic natural landscape. Learn more Zurich Zurich The cosmopolitan city by the water combines creative urban life with nature in all its glory. Learn more Zürich West In the last 10 years the industrial wasteland to the west of Zurich has grown into a new bright lights district. Learn more Lausanne Patinoire du Flon Lausanne The ice rink in Flon is a great place for outdoor ice skating. Learn more Engelberg Europe’s highest suspension bridge The suspension bridge stretches spectacularly from one rock face to the other. Learn more Hikes to suspension bridges Thrills over the abyss Learn more Laax Freestyle Academy In Europe’s first Freestyle Indoor Base, jumps and tricks can now be practiced all year. Learn more rockresort From bed to board. Learn more Stoos – Fronalpstock Panorama view Sweeping views extend from part of Lake Lucerne as far as the Black Forest. Learn more Gstaad Gstaad Gstaad attracts a charming mix of visitors. Learn more Gstaad Saanenland ... ... a highlight on the Grand Tour of Switzerland. Learn more Snow and piste report Daily updated information on 250 winter sports stations. Learn more Zermatt Matterhorn – Symbol for Switzerland The Matterhorn and Switzerland are inseparably linked to each other. Learn more Zermatt The vacation destination is a car-free zone and has preserved its original character. Learn more Engadin Bernina Express Fresh mountain air and stunning views from the Albula and Bernina rail lines. Learn more Train, Bus, Boat – Grand Train Tour The way of travelling that is as exciting as it is relaxing. Learn more St. Gallen St. Gallen The compact metropolis of eastern Switzerland between Lake Constance and Appenzellerland with a charming, traffic-free old town. Learn more St. Gallen Abbey District In St. Gallen you'll find history at every turn. Learn more Saas-Fee Saas-Fee 13 four thousand meter peaks surround the glacier village, which is located at an altitude of 1800 meters above sea level. Learn more Video control Previous movie Next movie Open the overview Videos by months Last month Mar Jungfraujoch Crans-Montana Andermatt Rigi Apr Lucerne Brienz Emmental Neuhausen am Rheinfall May Kandersteg Unterwasser Flims Brissago Island Jun Wildhaus Gruyère Pays-d'Enhaut Regional Nature Park Viamala Stans Jul Wasserauen Ebenalp Montreux Bern Airolo Aug Aletsch Arena Thun Basel Zernez Sep Geneva Appenzell Seengen Monte Generoso and Valle di Muggio Oct Albulatal / Bergün Lavaux, Vineyard Terraces Jura & Three-Lakes Zug Nov Noiraigue Lugano Fribourg / Freiburg S. Carlo Dec Veytaux Schwarzsee Zurich Lausanne Jan Engelberg Laax Stoos – Fronalpstock Gstaad Feb Zermatt Engadin St. Gallen Saas-Fee Next month ReusableContent.InspirationCalendar.Navigation.TurnAudioOff ReusableContent.InspirationCalendar.Navigation.TurnAudioOn Play Pause Jungfraujoch Jungfraujoch Crans-Montana Crans-Montana Andermatt Andermatt Rigi Rigi Lucerne Lucerne Brienz Brienz Emmental Emmental Neuhausen am Rheinfall Neuhausen am Rheinfall Kandersteg Kandersteg Unterwasser Unterwasser Flims Flims Brissago Island Brissago Island Wildhaus Wildhaus Gruyère Pays-d'Enhaut Regional Nature Park Gruyère Pays-d'Enhaut Regional Nature Park Viamala Viamala Stans Stans Wasserauen Ebenalp Wasserauen Ebenalp Montreux Montreux Bern Bern Airolo Airolo Aletsch Arena Aletsch Arena Thun Thun Basel Basel Zernez Zernez Geneva Geneva Appenzell Appenzell Seengen Seengen Monte Generoso and Valle di Muggio Monte Generoso and Valle di Muggio Albulatal / Bergün Albulatal / Bergün Lavaux, Vineyard Terraces Lavaux, Vineyard Terraces Jura & Three-Lakes Jura & Three-Lakes Zug Zug Noiraigue Noiraigue Lugano Lugano Fribourg / Freiburg Fribourg / Freiburg S. Carlo S. Carlo Veytaux Veytaux Schwarzsee Schwarzsee Zurich Zurich Lausanne Lausanne Engelberg Engelberg Laax Laax Stoos – Fronalpstock Stoos – Fronalpstock Gstaad Gstaad Zermatt Zermatt Engadin Engadin St. Gallen St. Gallen Saas-Fee Saas-Fee Jungfraujoch Crans-Montana Andermatt Rigi Lucerne Brienz Emmental Neuhausen am Rheinfall Kandersteg Unterwasser Flims Brissago Island Wildhaus Gruyère Pays-d'Enhaut Regional Nature Park Viamala Stans Wasserauen Ebenalp Montreux Bern Airolo Aletsch Arena Thun Basel Zernez Geneva Appenzell Seengen Monte Generoso and Valle di Muggio Albulatal / Bergün Lavaux, Vineyard Terraces Jura & Three-Lakes Zug Noiraigue Lugano Fribourg / Freiburg S. Carlo Veytaux Schwarzsee Zurich Lausanne Engelberg Laax Stoos – Fronalpstock Gstaad Zermatt Engadin St. Gallen Saas-Fee Open VR Experience Mar Jungfraujoch Mar Crans-Montana Mar Andermatt Mar Rigi Apr Lucerne Apr Brienz Apr Emmental Apr Neuhausen am Rheinfall May Kandersteg May Unterwasser May Flims May Brissago Island Jun Wildhaus Jun Gruyère Pays-d'Enhaut Regional Nature Park Jun Viamala Jun Stans Jul Wasserauen Ebenalp Jul Montreux Jul Bern Jul Airolo Aug Aletsch Arena Aug Thun Aug Basel Aug Zernez Sep Geneva Sep Appenzell Sep Seengen Sep Monte Generoso and Valle di Muggio Oct Albulatal / Bergün Oct Lavaux, Vineyard Terraces Oct Jura & Three-Lakes Oct Zug Nov Noiraigue Nov Lugano Nov Fribourg / Freiburg Nov S. Carlo Dec Veytaux Dec Schwarzsee Dec Zurich Dec Lausanne Jan Engelberg Jan Laax Jan Stoos – Fronalpstock Jan Gstaad Feb Zermatt Feb Engadin Feb St. Gallen Feb Saas-Fee Close the menu List Inspiration Calendar Something happens in a video. A bird's eye view of the beauty of Switzerland. Schloss Hallwyl Partnerships Quicklinks TabsDescription Hotels Apartments Railway Timetable Flights Car rental Hotels Hotels Place / Region Arrival (optional) Arrival (optional) (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Departure (optional) Departure (optional) (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Find accommodation Book a hotel Benefit from it. Newsletter The monthly newsletter offers the best tips and key information about Switzerland as a travel destination, ensuring your perfect holiday. Subscribe now! Learn More Benefit from it. Newsletter The best hotels of Switzerland Wellness & Spa hotels Fresh air, pure water, lush alpine flora and magnificient views: the Swiss mountains have long given visitors a deep sense of wellbeing. Today, health specialists expertly combine nature's treasures, traditional methods and modern knowledge to beneficial, lasting effect. Learn More The best hotels of Switzerland Wellness & Spa hotels Apartments Apartments Search for apartments Place / Region Arrival Arrival (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Departure Departure (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Find apartment Search for apartments Benefit from it. Newsletter The monthly newsletter offers the best tips and key information about Switzerland as a travel destination, ensuring your perfect holiday. Subscribe now! Learn More Benefit from it. Newsletter Railway Timetable Railway Timetable Search for train connections From To Arrival Arrival (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Time Departure Arrivals Looking for connection Railway timetable SBB Offer Swiss francs for your shopping spree. At around 130 SBB Travel Centres, you can change currencies from over 100 countries into Swiss francs and vice versa – at competitive exchange rates. More information Learn More Offer Swiss francs for your shopping spree. Flights Flights Search flights From To Outbound flight Outbound flight DateSelectionTip Return flight Return flight DateSelectionTip Search flight Search for Flights Swiss International Air Lines Stopover Switzerland The most convenient and affordable way to explore Switzerland’s iconic sights when time is precious. Visit 2 places for the price of 1 Learn More Swiss International Air Lines Stopover Switzerland Swiss International Air Lines Swiss International Air Lines To Switzerland and the rest of the world with SWISS Learn More Swiss International Air Lines Swiss International Air Lines Car rental Car rental Search for cars Place / Region Arrival Arrival (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Departure Departure (Use the arrow keys to select a date) Find a car Car rental Europcar Special rates for camper fans Benefit from an unlimited weekly rate! Book a camper! Learn More Europcar Special rates for camper fans Europcar E-Grand Tour Discover Switzerland in an electric vehicle! Check out the latest electric cars in our fleet. Learn More Europcar E-Grand Tour Top Destinations Learn more Show previous slide Show next slide Zurich Geneva Interlaken Zermatt Lucerne Basel Bern Lausanne Grindelwald Recommendation winter Winter holidays Museums Family excursions Winter: Excursions & destinations Christmas in Switzerland Wellness & Spa hotels Food & Wine City Breaks Premium panorama trains Recommendation summer Grand Train Tour of Switzerland Summer: Vacation and Excursion Tips Summer holiday destinations The Grand Tour of Switzerland The most scenic road trip Wine Tourism Excursions Hikes: Hiking & trekking Top attractions Matterhorn - Symbol for Switzerland The Matterhorn and Switzerland are inseparably linked to each other. The pyramid shaped colossus of a mountain, which is very difficult to climb, is said to be the most-photographed mountain in the world. The Klein-Matterhorn ("Little Matterhorn"), which can be reached via a funicular, lies adjacent to the Matterhorn. Learn more about: Matterhorn - Symbol for Switzerland Learn more about: Matterhorn - Symbol for Switzerland The Rhine Falls To stand high above Europe's largest waterfall, feeling the roar and vibration of the water over one's entire body - this can be experienced at the Rhine Falls near Schaffhausen. By ship one can reach castles, the Rhine Falls Basin and even the mighty rock in the midst of the waterfall. Learn more about: The Rhine Falls Learn more about: The Rhine Falls Jungfraujoch On the Top of Europe: A visit to the Jungfraujoch puts a jewel in the crown of any visit to Switzerland. Learn more about: Jungfraujoch Learn more about: Jungfraujoch Château de Chillon Chillon Castle is located on a rock on the banks of Lake Geneva. The water castle is the most visited historic building in Switzerland. For nearly four centuries Chillon was the residence and profitable toll station of the Counts of Savoy. Learn more about: Château de Chillon Learn more about: Château de Chillon Creux du Van "Creux du Van", a natural rock arena of immense proportions, is located at the border of the cantons of Neuenburg and Vaud. Impressive 160 meter high vertical rock faces surround a four kilometer long and over one kilometer wide valley basin. Learn more about: Creux du Van Learn more about: Creux du Van Aletsch - the Largest Alpine Glacier Incredibly immense, incredibly beautiful: the Large Aletsch Glacier is the Alps' mightiest ice flow. And the most popular, for it is easily accessible and is ideally situated for extensive hikes, winter sports and special nature excursions. Learn more about: Aletsch - the Largest Alpine Glacier Learn more about: Aletsch - the Largest Alpine Glacier Swiss Museum of Transportation Switzerland’s most visited museum showcases the past, present and future of mobility with interactive and varied exhibits. In addition to the museum, unique attractions found nowhere else in Switzerland, such as the film theatre, planetarium, Swiss Chocolate Adventure and Media World, are just waiting to be discovered. Learn more about: Swiss Museum of Transportation Learn more about: Swiss Museum of Transportation Ruinaulta 10,000 years ago, 100 billion cubic metres of rock thundered into the valley. Known as the Flims Rockslide, this event created the Ruinaulta, a canyon-like gorge in the Anterior Rhine Valley that can be reached on foot, over water, by train or by bike. Learn more about: Ruinaulta Learn more about: Ruinaulta Show previous slide Show next slide Discover Switzerland now! Sustainable travel by public transport Sustainability Advertisement Expert tips Excursion tips for Easter Spring skiing or simply basking in the sun? Discover a number of diverse offers in and around Easter. Learn more Common.Of Excursion tips for Easter 14 excursions for Easter It's Easter and the desire to explore is blossoming. Those who are undecided will find inspiration for a trip on the long Easter weekend below. Learn more Common.Of 14 excursions for Easter Spring in the city Goodbye to the long winter months – it’s time to welcome the spring. Now it’s time to recharge your batteries, catch the sun’s rays and enjoy the fresh air. Switzerland’s cities are also in full bloom, showcasing spring’s awakening. Learn more Common.Of Spring in the city City oases in bloom It is not just nature that awakens in spring – Switzerland’s towns and cities also wake from their winter slumber. Parks and gardens transform the urban centres, invigorating them with life. Roses, tulips and daffodils make this time of year particularly stunning. Learn more Common.Of City oases in bloom Wellness with a clear conscience Sustainable wellness: As the days start getting shorter, the weather outside gets colder and snow starts to fall, many people are drawn to soothing wellness facilities. However, there is no denying that whirlpool baths, saunas and relaxation in quiet surroundings involve the consumption of a great deal of thermal energy. By taking many steps, both large and small, these Swiss flagship spas show just how important and effective commitment to green principles is for our environment. Learn more Common.Of Wellness with a clear conscience Premium panorama trains Panorama trains delight with large windows, mountain and lake views and other scenic attractions. Learn more Common.Of Premium panorama trains Events Show all until 13 Mar Master Lamp and the Easter egg Vaduz until 24 Mar Ways of art Zurich until 14 Apr Bernard Buffet Basel until 17 Mar Rembrandt and the Bible - Divine engraving Geneva, 30.11.2023 - 17.03.2024 9 Mar 26. Hornschlittenrennen Klewenalp Beckenried, 09.03.2024 From 9 Mar Fumetto, international comic festival Lucerne, 09.03. - 17.03.2024 10 Mar 54th Engadin Ski Marathon Samedan, 10.03.2024 From 12 Mar Klassik Festival Arosa - Mountain church concert Arosa, 12.03. - 30.03.2024 Offers Show all Show previous slide Show next slide Bellinzona Wanderferien: Tessiner Highlights 4 nights, The valleys are scarcely populated, the mountain paths are panoramic and the cities burst of life... from CHF 839 Price Information for "Wanderferien: Tessiner Highlights" Offer details Price per person in double room valid: 05.03.2024 - 31.12.2024 Learn more about Wanderferien: Tessiner Highlights Romanshorn Mittelland-Route Romanshorn - Lausanne 6 nights, The pleasant ride along the varied Mittelland Route is mostly on traffic-free paths, along lakes and... from CHF 1,245 Price Information for "Mittelland-Route Romanshorn - Lausanne" Offer details Price per person in double room valid: 05.03.2024 - 31.12.2024 Learn more about Mittelland-Route Romanshorn - Lausanne Grand Hôtel des Rasses, Sainte-Croix Les Rasses Treat yourself to a break 4 nights, 4 Nights in Price per person in a grand-lit room, Breakfast, Welcome drink per person per stay, Use... from CHF 370.60 Price Information for "Treat yourself to a break" Offer details holiday apartment valid: 05.03.2024 - 09.03.2024 Learn more about Treat yourself to a break Crans-Montana Biking holidays Valais Alpine Bike 7 nights, Snow-white mountain peaks, sunny valleys and the idyllic Alps: there are countless reasons to visit... from CHF 1,575 Price Information for "Biking holidays Valais Alpine Bike" Offer details Price per person in double room valid: 05.03.2024 - 31.12.2024 Learn more about Biking holidays Valais Alpine Bike Martigny Hiking holidays Via Francigena 9 days 5 nights, The Via Francigena follows the footsteps of Archbishop Sigerich, who undertook the march from... from CHF 775 Price Information for "Hiking holidays Via Francigena 9 days" Offer details Price per person in double room valid: 05.03.2024 - 31.12.2024 Learn more about Hiking holidays Via Francigena 9 days Hotel Grauholz, Ittigen Half-day package - Seminar room incl. standard infrastructure, one break(in the morning: coffee & croissants or in... from CHF 35 Price Information for "Half-day package" Offer details Without overnight stay valid: 05.03.2024 - 12.02.2025 Learn more about Half-day package Schloss Wartegg, Rorschacherberg Gourmet break 1 night, 1 Night in Double room, breakfast buffet, Aperitif per person per stay, 1 x 5 course gourmet evening... from CHF 401 Price Information for "Gourmet break" Offer details Price per person in double room valid: 05.03.2024 - 31.05.2024 Learn more about Gourmet break Novotel Lausanne-Bussigny, Lausanne 20% off room hire Conference room at ground level with daylight and direct access from the car park:- Room layout... Price Information for "20% off room hire" Offer details Without overnight stay valid: 05.03.2024 - 31.12.2024 Learn more about 20% off room hire FLÜHLI Hotel Kurhaus GmbH, Flühli LU Stay for 4 nights, pay for 3 4 nights, Departure: Flühli, Destination: Flühli, 4 Nights in Price per double room, Half-board, Aperitif per... from CHF 920 Price Information for "Stay for 4 nights, pay for 3" Offer details Price per double room valid: 05.03.2024 - 14.03.2024 Learn more about Stay for 4 nights, pay for 3 Lucerne Cycling Holidays Centre tour Lucerne 6 nights, Lucerne is known for the Lions-Monument, the mountain pasture Rigi and the Kappel-bridge. Still, the... from CHF 869 Price Information for "Cycling Holidays Centre tour Lucerne" Offer details Price per person in double room valid: 05.03.2024 - 31.12.2024 Learn more about Cycling Holidays Centre tour Lucerne Advertisement Footer Search Search Legal information Terms of use Data protection Cookies Imprint More Pages STnet.ch - B2B Portal Jobs Partners Apps Annual report Contact Address Help center Media Corner Trade Corner Switzerland Travel Academy Newsletter Register for newsletter Subscribe Follow us Facebook TikTok Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest X YouTube Awards More links © 2024 Switzerland Tourism Language English select (click to display) Deutsch English Français Italiano Español Nederlands Português Polski Русский العربية 中文简体 中文繁体 日本語 한국어 Čeština Slovenština country/region: Singapore change Close language Scroll To Top