NV Access Donate Home About About NV Access About NVDA Testimonials Download Get Help Corporate / Government Corporate / Government Procurement and rollout Consulting / Development Services Blog News Support Us Shop Create Account / Log In We believe that every Blind + Vision Impaired person Deserves the right to freely & easily access a computer! We create the software which makes that possible The Facts Millions of People There are 285 million blind & vision impaired people in the world. They all have amazing gifts to contribute to society, but they need the right tools to realise their dreams. Technology Is The Key Technology opens up so many doors. But for those of us without sight, computers don’t work straight out of the box. Software called a “screen reader” is needed to translate visual information verbally, so we can make sense of what is on screen. The Issue Unfortunately many screen readers cost thousands of dollars — often more than the computer itself. This holds millions of people back from affording to use a computer and discovering their potential. A Free Solution We have spent over 15 years developing the global solution: a free, high quality screen reader, accessible to all! NVDA: Non-Visual Desktop Access. We have already enabled 200,000+ people to gain freedom, education and employment! How to get involved Download the NVDA Screen Reader Support NV Access Training & Support Materials Hi, We’re Mick & Jamie Our Manifesto Access to technology no matter your language, location or financial situation Quality over growth, access over profit Software by the blind, for the blind Ensuring innovation + preventing stagnation through competition Uncompromising Quality Software Serving minorities, not just the majority consumer Learn more about us and what we believe in We’re trusted and supported by Learn more about our accessibility consultation services Featured Products Basic Training for NVDA (eBook) AUD $35.20 Add to cart Sale! NVDA Productivity Bundle AUD $247.50 AUD $218.90 Add to cart NVDA Expert Certification AUD $110.00 Go to NVDA Expert Certification What our USERS SAY “I am so thankful for the creation of NVDA. It has really changed my life. With NVDA, I do not have to worry about spending tons of extra money on third party software to use a computer. I can purchase any new computer that I want, and I can use it for the same cost as a sighted person.” – Reina Brown, United States Social Media Follow @NVAccess on: Twitter, Mastodon, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, & Instagram About Us NV Access is a registered charity and software development company. We are the creators of NVDA, a free, open source, globally accessible screen reader for the blind and vision impaired. Recent Posts NVDA 2024.1beta11 available for testing NVDA 2023.3.4 Released In-Process 29th February 2024 NVDA 2024.1beta10 available for testing NVDA 2024.1beta9 available for testing @NVAccess on Mastodon Loading Mastodon feed... Useful LinksMy Account Contact Us Donate Github Privacy Partners Releases Careers © 2024 NV Access Limited. All rights reserved. ABN 96 149 271 036