News & Entertainment by Email | ArcaMax Publishing ArcaMax News & Entertainment by Email Home News Columns Comics Search Login Log in to ArcaMax Username or Email * Password * Forgot Password? Click here. Register for your free account: Subscribe to any feature and receive your newsletter directly in your inbox. Easy email subscription management. Claim your rewards from the Reader Perks section! Click Here to Get Started Business Entertainment Health Home & Leisure Knowledge Politics Sports Target accelerates store expansions with plan to add 300 more in a decade After a tough couple of years, Target executives on Tuesday unveiled a roadmap to growth that includes 300 new stores, ... Read More Jury selection begins in James Crumbley trial Tech giants drag down US stocks after torrid rally: Markets wrap Suspect Robert Telles says he wants to waive search of slain Las Vegas reporter's devices NYC Council Immigration Committee demands Mayor Adams spend more on migrant legal services, education Featured Stories Travis Barker's influencer son Landon reveals Tourette syndrome diagnosis Entertainment / Entertainment News / Mar 05, 2024 Travis Barker’s influencer son Landon has confirmed his diagnosis with Tourette syndrome, amid fan speculation he displayed symptoms of the condition.The 20-year-old, who has 5.5 million followers on his verified ...Read more Slamming increasingly partisan politics, Arizona Sen. Kyrsten Sinema will not run again Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 WASHINGTON — Decrying that “compromise is a dirty word” in politics now, Arizona Sen. Kyrsten Sinema said Tuesday she will not seek reelection this year.The Arizona independent, who was elected to her current term ...Read more Earth Wind & Fire wins lawsuit to stop alumni band from using name and trademark Entertainment / Entertainment News / Mar 05, 2024 A federal judge in Miami has sided with rhythm-and-blues band Earth Wind & Fire in its lawsuit against an “alumni” act it claimed was infringing on its trademark.On Monday, U.S. District Judge Federico A. Moreno ...Read more Haiti moves closer to total collapse and its prime minister is unable to return home Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 Banks and government offices in Haiti are being pillaged and burned. Police substations are falling under the control of gangs. Prisons have broken open. And neighborhoods across the nation’s capital, Port-au-Prince, are...Read more Biden touts rule to curb credit card fees that Republicans will seek to block Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 WASHINGTON — The White House is gearing up for a battle with congressional Republicans over credit card fees as part of its broader message on controlling costs for consumers.Tuesday’s announcement of a Consumer ...Read more Lindsay Lohan confirms 'Freaky Friday' sequel with Jamie Lee Curtis is happening Entertainment / Entertainment News / Mar 05, 2024 Before the movie further ages “like the Crypt Keeper,” Lindsay Lohan has a few words about the “Freaky Friday” sequel. Like, very few.Lohan confirmed her involvement in the follow-up to the 2003 body-switching ...Read more Michigan man Mike Sposite charged in US Capitol riot case Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 DETROIT — A distinctive facial mark helped lead federal agents to a St. Clair man who was arrested Tuesday and accused of joining friends in the first wave of rioters to enter the U.S. Capitol during the Jan. 6, 2021, ...Read more Groups file new petition to close California's Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. — In a new motion filed Tuesday, three groups say keeping Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant operating in San Luis Obispo County poses an “unacceptable safety risk.”Mothers for Peace, ...Read more Royal Caribbean employee hid cameras in bathrooms to spy on women and girls, feds say Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 MIAMI — A Royal Caribbean cruise ship worker was arrested Sunday in Fort Lauderdale after admitting to planting hidden cameras in guest bathrooms to spy on unsuspecting women and children for months, federal officials ...Read more Arctic rivers face big changes with a warming climate, permafrost thaw and an accelerating water cycle − the effects will have global consequences Science & Technology / Science & Technology News / Mar 05, 2024 As the Arctic warms, its mighty rivers are changing in ways that could have vast consequences – not only for the Arctic region but for the world.Rivers represent the land branch of the earth’s hydrological ...Read more Plight of migrant laborers killed, held hostage in Middle East exposes Israel’s reliance on overseas workforce Politics / Political News / Mar 05, 2024 An Indian laborer in Israel was killed and several other migrant workers injured on March 4, 2024, in a missile attack launched from Lebanon by Hamas-aligned Hezbollah.They are not the first migrant workers in ...Read more The Anthropocene is not an epoch − but the age of humans is most definitely underway Science & Technology / Science & Technology News / Mar 05, 2024 When people talk about the “Anthropocene,” they typically picture the vast impact human societies are having on the planet, from rapid declines in biodiversity to increases in Earth’s temperature by burning fossil...Read more Pittsburgh-area Jewish leaders again urge Rep. Summer Lee to denounce antisemitism amid Israel-Hamas war Politics / Political News / Mar 05, 2024 WASHINGTON — Pittsburgh-area Jewish leaders this week renewed their criticism of U.S. Rep. Summer Lee, urging her to more forcefully denounce antisemitism and to reconsider her demand for an unconditional cease-fire in ...Read more Palace won't confirm whether Kate Middleton will be well enough for June event Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 The day after Kate Middleton was seen for the first time in two months — in a grainy photo and being driven in a car by her mother near Windsor Castle — confusion erupted in the U.K. Tuesday over whether she’ll be ...Read more Twin Cities nursing home employees walk off the job, citing worker shortages, pay Business / Business News / Mar 05, 2024 About 1,000 nursing home workers and supporters, wearing purple sweatshirts that say "On strike," picketed in front of the Estates at St. Louis Park in the Minneapolis suburbs on Tuesday morning, part of a one-day walkout ...Read more U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez and his wife are facing new charges -- this time for allegedly obstructing justice Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 Federal prosecutors hit U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez and his wife with new criminal charges on Tuesday, just days after a key codefendant in the couple’s corruption case pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate against them....Read more Airbnb is sued in Florida for listing property in Cuba confiscated by Castro decades ago Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 MIAMI — A Florida physician is suing Airbnb, claiming the vacation rental company unlawfully profited from listing on its website a property that Fidel Castro’s government confiscated without paying compensation to his...Read more Former Boeing employee sues, alleging harassment, discrimination at work Business / Business News / Mar 05, 2024 When Rachel Rasmussen, then a Boeing crane mechanic, reported that her manager had made an anti-gay joke, she suddenly found herself facing a one-day suspension over parking tickets.Later, Rasmussen reported a co-worker ...Read more Missouri Supreme Court denies to review case of white Kansas City detective who killed Black man Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Missouri Supreme Court announced Tuesday that they denied the request to review a former Kansas City police detective’s conviction in the shooting death of a Black man.Eric J. DeValkenaere had...Read more Missouri House speaker shuts down lawmaker's speech about high school shooting Current News / News & Features / Mar 05, 2024 JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — Missouri House Speaker Dean Plocher on Monday shut down a Democratic lawmaker’s speech about the weekend shooting at North Kansas City High School after the lawmaker began to talk about lax gun ...Read more Hanoi, Ha Noi (edit location) --° --° / --° × Find Your Weather Set Get Weather by Email extended forecast Weather News » ▲ collapse Popular Stories Biden rejects US troop deployment to Haiti as crisis spirals Mar 4, 2024 Four years into pandemic, long COVID is 'real' but remains a mystery Mar 2, 2024 Quiet quitting. RTO. Coffee badging. What this new vocabulary says about your workplace Mar 5, 2024 Americans sour on both Israel and Palestinian Authority in poll Mar 4, 2024 Democrats step up calls for Biden to rein in Israel's war Mar 3, 2024 ArcaMax TOPICS: Business Entertainment Health Home & Leisure Knowledge Politics Sports CATEGORIES: News Comics Columns Quizzes COMPANY: Contact Reader Services My Account Why ArcaMax Media Center Newsletter Directory ©2024 ArcaMax Publishing. All rights reserved Advertise | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Help/FAQ's | Unsubscribe | Do Not Sell My Personal Information