Home - Australian Institute of Health and Welfare Our sites Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Health Performance Framework Australian Mesothelioma Registry GEN Aged Care Data Housing data Indigenous Mental Health and Suicide Prevention Clearinghouse Metadata Online Registry (METEOR) Regional Insights for Indigenous Communities Contact us Help & tools Increase text size Decrease text size Search Search Close search Menu Home COVID-19 COVID-19 Reports & data Use down arrow to expand Reports & data Click to expand menu item Find reports & data by topic A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z See all topics Latest releases Educational resources Featured Australia's health Australia's welfare Australia's health performance Hospitals Australia’s Disability Strategy Linked data assets First Nations people Suicide & self-harm monitoring Family, domestic & sexual violence Australian Centre for Monitoring Population Health Our services Use down arrow to expand Our services Click to expand menu item Data linkage Metadata support Validata Ethical (HREC) review About our data Use down arrow to expand About our data Click to expand menu item Our data collections AIHW data by geography AIHW data by indicators AIHW data by sex and gender Accessing data through the AIHW Data governance Other government data AIHW linked data assets Vulnerability and disclosure policy About us Use down arrow to expand About us Click to expand menu item Our role & strategic goals Our people & structure Our governance Our committees Our impact Corporate publications Privacy Our international role Freedom of Information Submissions to inquiries Public interest disclosure Modern slavery Reporting suspected fraud Gifts & benefits register Tenders Careers Scam warning News & media Use down arrow to expand News & media Click to expand menu item Podcasts Latest news & events For the media Media releases Forthcoming releases Subscribe to release notices Our sites Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Health Performance Framework Australian Mesothelioma Registry GEN Aged Care Data Housing data Indigenous Mental Health and Suicide Prevention Clearinghouse Metadata Online Registry (METEOR) Regional Insights for Indigenous Communities Contact us Help & tools Increase text size Decrease text size Stronger evidence, better decisions, improved health and welfare Featured release National Drug Strategy Household Survey 2022–2023 Daily tobacco smoking rate dropped from 11.0% to 8.3% between 2019 and 2022–‍2023 Use of electronic cigarettes and vapes nearly tripled between 2019 (2.5%) and 2022–‍2023 (7.0%) Around 1 in 3 people (31%) in Australia drank alcohol in ways that put their health at risk in 2022–‍2023 Almost 1 in 2 people (47%) have used an illicit drug in their lifetime, with cannabis being the most used (41%) Finding 1 Finding 2 Finding 3 Finding 4 Pause Latest releases Ex-serving ADF members' income and sources of income Web report | 06 Mar 2024 | Veterans National Drug Strategy Household Survey 2022–2023 Web report | 29 Feb 2024 | Illicit use of drugs Illicit drug use Web article | 29 Feb 2024 | Illicit use of drugs See all releases Australia's health 2022 The AIHW’s 18th biennial report on the health of Australians. Australia's welfare 2023 The AIHW’s 16th biennial report on the welfare of Australians. Who is the AIHW and what do we do? How do I access data through the AIHW? How do we ensure the privacy and confidentiality of data? Australian Centre for Monitoring Population Health This centre (within the AIHW) brings together the latest data and information on the health of Australians including burden of disease, chronic conditions, cancer screening, deaths, population groups, and determinants of health. The centre works to improve the evidence base supporting strategic planning for health policy and services. Learn more Latest news Smoking rates continue to decline while vaping triples, national household drug survey shows 29 Feb 2024 2024 AIHW Online Stakeholder Engagement Survey 28 Feb 2024 Most Australian women live close to breast screening services but some face longer travel times 16 Feb 2024 See all News & Media Now available New COVID-19 linked data release This is the first release by the AIHW of its COVID-19 linked data set. Find out more Educational resources Topics A-Z Forthcoming releases Connect with us Follow AIHW on Twitter Connect with AIHW on LinkedIn Follow AIHW on Instagram Visit AIHW on YouTube Featured sites Australia’s Disability Strategy Outcomes Framework Measuring progress towards a more inclusive Australia. Australia's health performance Australia's health performance data, including by State and Territory, Primary Health Network and Hospital. Family, domestic and sexual violence A comprehensive picture of FDSV in Australia and summary of changes in key measures over time. GEN Aged care data A dedicated website providing the latest data and information on aged care in Australia via a range of products and datasets. Housing data dashboard Your window into housing and homelessness data, including over 60 interactive displays showcasing the latest publicly available data on housing in Australia. Mental health The activity and characteristics of Australia’s health and social care services accessed by people with a mental illness. METEOR The repository for Australian metadata standards for statistics and information in areas such as health, housing and homelessness, aged care, Indigenous, disability, children, families and youth. MyHospitals Access reports and use interactive data tools to discover information about hospitals in Australia. National Mental Health Service Planning Framework A tool to plan, coordinate and resource mental health services to meet population demands. Suicide & self harm monitoring Data and information on suicide and self-harm in Australia. Indigenous sites Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Health Performance Framework This website contains information about health health outcomes, health system performance and the broader determinants of health for Indigenous Australians. Indigenous Mental Health & Suicide Prevention Clearinghouse The Clearinghouse brings together information about Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people’s wellbeing, mental health and suicide prevention. Regional Insights for Indigenous Communities This website brings together a broad range of regional statistics about the health and wellbeing of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and their communities. Go back to top Feedback Last updated 04/03/2024 v82.0 Back to top AIHW About us Our committees Our governance Our reports Our data News & media Using AIHW Accessibility Copyright Disclaimer Freedom of Information Indexed list of files Privacy Site map Vulnerability and disclosure policy Quick links Home Careers AIHW Ethics Committee Our data collections Data on request Data linkage Login Crisis and support services Connect with us Follow AIHW on Twitter Connect with AIHW on LinkedIn Follow AIHW on Instagram Visit AIHW on YouTube © Australian Institute of Health and Welfare 2024 This website needs JavaScript enabled in order to work correctly; currently it looks like it is disabled. Please enable JavaScript to use this website as intended. Close Feedback We'd love to know any feedback that you have about the AIHW website, its contents or reports. Name Email Comments Required fields The browser you are using to browse this website is outdated and some features may not display properly or be accessible to you. Please use a more recent browser for the best user experience. Close