GEBCO - The General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans Home Data & Products Data & Products Gridded bathymetry data Gridded bathymetry data Regional grid - Arctic Ocean (IBCAO) Regional grid - Southern Ocean (IBCSO) Undersea feature names GEBCO Web Services GEBCO Web Services Web Map Service Printable maps IHO-IOC GEBCO Cook Book Historical GEBCO charts Imagery History of GEBCO book Seabed 2030 Training News & Media About About Overview Project history Seabed 2030 Acknowledgements Acknowledgements Our Data Contributors Working With Industry Contributing data Presentations and publications Committees and groups Committees and groups Guiding committee Regional mapping Undersea feature names Technical mapping Communication and Outreach Meetings and minutes GEBCO Symposium Frequently asked questions Useful links Contact Home Data & Products Gridded bathymetry data Regional grid - Arctic Ocean (IBCAO) Regional grid - Southern Ocean (IBCSO) Undersea feature names GEBCO Web Services Web Map Service Printable maps IHO-IOC GEBCO Cook Book Historical GEBCO charts Imagery History of GEBCO book Seabed 2030 Training News & Media About Overview Project history Seabed 2030 Acknowledgements Our Data Contributors Working With Industry Contributing data Presentations and publications Committees and groups Guiding committee Regional mapping Undersea feature names Technical mapping Communication and Outreach Meetings and minutes GEBCO Symposium Frequently asked questions Useful links Contact Since 1903 GEBCO aims to provide the most publicly available bathymetry data sets for the world’s oceans. Download GEBCO’s global grid Download polar grids Contribute data Gridded Bathymetry Data GEBCO’s gridded bathymetric data sets are global terrain models for ocean and land. The grids are available to download or access through Web Map Services. Read more Data & Products GEBCO produces and makes available a range of bathymetric data sets and products. This includes a global bathymetric grid; gazetteer of undersea feature names, a Web Map Service and printable maps of ocean bathymetry. Read more Seabed 2030 Seabed 2030 is a collaborative project between the Nippon Foundation and GEBCO. It aims to bring together all available bathymetric data to produce the definitive map of the world ocean floor by 2030 and make it available to all. Read more GEBCO Spotlight Training Program 2024-2025 Applications are now being sought for the 21st year of the Nippon Foundation/GEBCO Training Program to begin late August 2024. Read more Latest Stats and information How deep are the oceans? The deepest depth measured so far in the oceans is around 10,920m in the Challenger Deep, part of the Mariana Trench, in the Northwest Pacific Ocean. For comparison, Mount Everest is around 8,850m high. Over 1,300 seafloor 'mountains' named The GEBCO Gazetteer of Undersea Feature Names includes names for over 1,300 seamounts, (elevations on the seafloor over 1,000m high). Training program now in 18th year Since 2004, the Nippon Foundation/GEBCO Training Program has trained students from around the world in seafloor mapping through a one-year postgraduate course held at the University of New Hampshire, USA. » Next item Latest News The GEBCO WMS URLs are Changing - March 2024 In March 2024 the URLs for the GEBCO Web Map Services will change. Find out more. Read more Map the Gaps Symposium and Crowdsourced Bathymetry Spotlight The 2023 Symosium was held in Monaco 7-8 November 2023. Find out more. Read more View all news General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans GEBCO's aim is to provide the most authoritative publicly-available bathymetry of the world's oceans. It operates under the joint auspices of the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) and the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission (IOC) (of UNESCO). View our Organisation Structure Some of our People Evert Flier Chair, GEBCO Guiding Committee Norwegian Mapping Authority, Norway Contact Details Marzia Rovere Vice-Chair GEBCO Guiding Committee ISMAR, Italy Contact Details Shin Tani Immediate past Chair of GEBCO Guiding Committee Japan Contact Details Hyun-Chul Han Chair of the Undersea FeatureNames Sub-Committee Korea Institute of Geoscienceand Mineral Resources,Republic of Korea Contact Details Rochelle Wigley Director, Nippon Foundation-GEBCO Training Programme UNH, USA Contact Details David Millar Member of the GEBCO Guiding Committee Fugro, USA Contact Details » Next item View All Our People Copyright © GEBCO 2024 Hosted by the British Oceanographic Data Centre (BODC) Privacy Policy Disclaimer Atlantic Mid Section