Bose | Headphones, Earbuds, Speakers, Soundbars, & More | Bose Skip to main content Skip to footer content 90-day risk-free trial | Free shipping for orders of $49 or more Back Shop All Products New & Featured Headphones Earbuds Speakers Home Theater Portable PA Aviation Spring sale Sets Refurbished Accessories Bose Merch View all products An iconic duo: Bose x Steve Lacy Steve Lacy puts an old-school spin on new-school tech. BUY NOW Explore Home Work On the Go Fitness TV & Movies Collabs Turn The Dial Bose Stories Partners in powerful sound. From courts to red carpets and beyond, check out who we’re teaming up with. Learn more Support Support homepage Troubleshooting Order Tracking Returns Contact Us Trade Up Product Registration Product Warranty My Bose Support homepage We're here to help Ensure the lasting value of your Bose® products. Sign In/Join my Bose Wish list Contact Where Is My Order? An iconic duo: Bose x Steve Lacy Grammy award-winning musician Steve Lacy puts his own limited-edition vintage finish on innovative new sound. BUY NOW LEARN MORE Earbuds Headphones Speakers Soundbars Home Theater Portable PA Sets Accessories Refurbished Pause for nothing. Hear everything. To the music lovers with a playlist for every mood and moment, the wait is over. Meet your new obsession. The superpowered Bose Ultra Open Earbuds combine complete openness to your surroundings with rich, private sound, so you can listen to your music and life — at the same time, all the time. SWEETEN YOUR SPRING Usher in a symphony of sound Save up to 30% on select Bose products as you sway along to songs this spring. SHOP Laufey conjures magic Watch the Grammy-winning artist produce a song with Eunike Tanzil in 3 hours. READ MORE You never heard it like this before New Smart Ultra Soundbar BUY NOW Why buy from Bose Try it & love it: 90-day risk-free trial Test it out for 90 days to make sure it's right for you. Learn more 2-year Bose.com warranty Shop Bose for sound experience guided by passion, crafted for precision, and backed by our exclusive 2-year Bose Limited Warranty.* Price match promise Shop confidently, knowing we'll match a lower price. My Bose perks Members get access to exclusive experiences, offers, and more. Bose Stories The people & stories that excites us. Partners in powerful sound. From courts to red carpets and beyond, check out who we’re teaming up with. DISCOVER The advantages of Bose Ultra Open Earbuds Open your ears to the world. Learn more Bose Automotive True believers in the power of sound Learn more Important recall notice regarding certain Acoustimass, Lifestyle, and Companion system bass modules manufactured prior to April 1, 2006. LEARN MORE Sound is Power Looks good. Sounds amazing. Your life, your soundtrack, your Bose. Be the first to know. Sign up to receive Bose emails & communications. Email address Please enter a valid email address. Send Thanks for signing up! You're now a Bose insider - keep an eye on your inbox. We are experiencing issues at this moment. Please try again later. Home Customer Care Customer Care Troubleshooting Repair & Replacement Order Tracking My Bose Sign In / Register Register Your Product Contact Us Our company Our company About Us Find a Store ESG Careers Press Room Stories Offers Offers ID.me Group Program Bulk Order Program Partner & Employee Program Certified refurbished Trade Up Additional Links Additional Links Automotive Reseller Portal United States | English Bose Music App Bose Connect App United States | English © Bose Corporation 2024 Sitemap Legal Privacy Policy CA Notice of Collection Your privacy choices Cookies Notice Terms of Sale Terms of Use