Planned Parenthood | Official Site Go to Content Go to Navigation Go to Navigation Go to Site Search Homepage Español Learn Blog Abortion Birth Control Cancer COVID-19 Emergency Contraception Health and Wellness Pregnancy Sex, Pleasure, and Sexual Dysfunction Sexual Orientation Gender Identity Relationships Consent and Sexual Assault Sexually Transmitted Infections (STDs) Glossary A - Z For Teens For Parents For Educators Spot On Planned Parenthood Global Get Care Get Care Schedule an Appointment Get Care Online Planned Parenthood App Find an Abortion Clinic Our Services Health Insurance Get Involved Get Involved Donate Ways to Give Jobs and Volunteering Take Action Contact Donor Services Shop Planned Parenthood Global Donate Open Search Search Search Find Español Donate 20170629_mobile_icons_d05 Learn Overview Blog Abortion Birth Control Cancer COVID-19 Emergency Contraception Health and Wellness Pregnancy Sex, Pleasure, and Sexual Dysfunction Sexual Orientation Gender Identity Relationships Consent and Sexual Assault Sexually Transmitted Infections (STDs) Glossary A - Z For Teens For Parents For Educators Spot On Planned Parenthood Global 20170629_mobile_icons_d05 Get Care Get Care Overview Schedule an Appointment Get Care Online Planned Parenthood App Find an Abortion Clinic Our Services Health Insurance 20170629_mobile_icons_d05 Get Involved Get Involved Overview Donate Ways to Give Jobs and Volunteering Take Action Contact Donor Services Shop Planned Parenthood Global Open Search Search Search Find Home Book an Appointment STD testing, birth control, abortion, and more, in-person and online. Get Started Need an abortion? We're here to help. ​Learn more about how to find abortion providers and resources to help you get safe, legal abortion. LEARN MORE Ask us anything. Seriously. In real time, our trained sexual health educators or chat bot can answer your questions about your sexual health. Our chat services are free and confidential. Chat Now STDs Sexually transmitted infections are passed during sexual contact. Learn more about STD symptoms, testing, and treatment. Learn More Birth Control Birth control lets you prevent and plan the timing of pregnancy. Compare birth control options and find the best method for you. Learn More Abortion Abortion is a safe way to end a pregnancy. Get the facts about the abortion pill and in-clinic abortion. Learn More Emergency Contraception (Morning-After Pill) Emergency contraception safely and effectively prevents pregnancy up to five days after unprotected sex. Learn More See All Topics Get birth control pills delivered to your door. With the Planned Parenthood Direct app, you'll have unlimited access to our expert doctors and nurses. It's reproductive health care anytime, anywhere—no appointment needed. Download the app today. Is abortion legal in your state? FIND OUT Make a gift to support Planned Parenthood. Give Now Use our app to track your period and birth control. Try Now Sign Up for Email Alerts Join our network and be the first to take action in the fight to protect reproductive rights. Zip Code* This field is required. Email Address* This field is required. I agree to receive email updates from Planned Parenthood organizations. I may unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe Thank you! Online activists for Planned Parenthood stay on top of the issues that matter and get involved with campaigns that advance and protect women's rights and health. We are so glad to have you with us, and will be in touch soon. Trusted care, every step of the way STD testing, birth control, abortion, and more in-person and online. Book An Appointment Or call 1-800-230-7526 Planned Parenthood delivers vital reproductive health care, sex education, and information to millions of people worldwide. Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit under EIN 13-1644147. Donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowable under the law. Call Planned Parenthood Donate Follow us on Follow us on Follow us on Follow us on Follow us on About Us Toggle Navigation Who We Are Leadership Annual Reports Local Offices Planned Parenthood Global Get Involved Toggle Navigation Take Action Share Your Story Volunteer Shop User Research Recruitment Resources Toggle Navigation Jobs Facts & Figures Newsroom Press Releases Online Tools Blog About This Site Toggle Navigation Terms of Use Privacy Notice Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Notice Terms of Use Contact Us © 2024 Planned Parenthood Federation of America Inc.