Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories | Making the world a better place, one Evil Mad Scientist at a time. Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories Making the world a better place, one Evil Mad Scientist at a time. Menu Skip to content PRODUCTS BLOG FORUMS ABOUT CONTACT Search for: Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad Scientist By Lenore Edman on January 16, 2024 Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad Scientist to Accelerate Development of Next Generation Art and Handwriting Machines Windell Oskay and Lenore Edman of Evil Mad Scientist named CTO and COO of Bantam Tools PEEKSKILL, N.Y, January 16, 2024 — Bantam Tools, the desktop CNC manufacturer that builds exceptional computer controlled machines for innovators, is excited to announce the acquisition of Evil Mad Scientist, the designer and manufacturer of popular computer-controlled drawing and handwriting machines that provide versatile solutions to artists and educators. Dr. Windell Oskay and Lenore Edman, co-founders of Sunnyvale, California based Evil Mad Scientist, will move to Peekskill, New York, headquarters of Bantam Tools, as CTO and COO overseeing technical development and operations. “We are excited to announce the acquisition of Evil Mad Scientist and its amazing art machines,” said Bre Pettis, CEO of Bantam Tools. “I’ve been a fan of the art plotters and have been using them for years. We have an amazing year planned where we intend to release several new and different creative machines. This acquisition will help accelerate these new products and we are very excited about bringing on these innovative and creative machines and Evil Mad Scientist’s co-founders. I’ve been friends with Windell and Lenore for almost two decades since my days at Make: Magazine. We share a love of creative tools that empower our users.” As developers of popular drawing and handwriting machines, the acquisition of Evil Mad Scientist will expand offerings at Bantam Tools to include art machines, in addition to the high-precision Bantam Tools Desktop CNC Milling Machines. This added product category of drawing and handwriting machines will give artists, designers, and educators the ability to create new art forms, convert digital art to physical artwork using traditional materials, and teach the next generation to use computer controlled art machines to express themselves. The next generation of Bantam Tools art machines that Dr. Windell Oskay and Lenore Edman are helping to develop will be marketed under the Bantam Tools NextDraw™ brand. The Bantam Tools NextDraw will be manufactured in Peekskill, New York, and will launch in the spring of 2024 as a reliable and well-supported computer-controlled drawing machine that provides versatile solutions to artists, innovators and educators. “We are thrilled to be joining forces with Bantam Tools,” said Dr. Windell Oskay, CTO of Bantam Tools. “With my background in atomic physics, I bring nearly 30 years of machining and designing computer controlled instrumentation. I am especially looking forward to leading technical development and harnessing the combined experience of our hardware and software engineering teams to build the next generation of creative machines.” “I’m also excited to be joining Bantam Tools and bringing to the company a focus on customer service and product documentation that has been so important to us at Evil Mad Scientist,” noted Lenore Edman, COO of Bantam Tools. “I’ll be continuing to support our existing customers with love and a supply of spare parts. I hope they’ll be as excited as I am about what my fantastic team at Bantam Tools will be building next.” To learn more about Bantam Tools and the Evil Mad Scientist products, visit bantamtools.com. Bantam Tools builds exceptional computer-controlled machines for innovators, engineers, artists and educators, including desktop CNC machines with professional reliability and precision and computer-controlled art machines that are fast, automatic, mimic handwriting and create physical art from digital designs using traditional materials. Bantam Tools machines are easy to set up, ready to use right out of the box, and like its namesake the bantam rooster, punch above their weight class, empowering mechanical engineers, product designers, entrepreneurs, electrical engineers, machinists, designers, students, educators, artists and digital fabricators to stay ahead of schedule and under budget. All of Bantam Tools Desktop Milling Machines are clean, safe, and easy to use, making them a great choice for any lab, shop, classroom or studio. To learn more about the Peekskill, New York, company, at bantamtools.com, on LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook at @bantamtools, or on Medium. Bantam Tools is hiring. # # # Be the first to hear about the latest drawing and handwriting machines from Bantam Tools by signing up for the Bantam Tools Art Machines Mailing List: Bantam Tools Art Machines * indicates required Email Address * This entry was posted in Evil Mad Scientist Shop, General News, Site News. Bookmark the Permalink. View all 11 comments Linkdump: December 2023 By Windell Oskay on December 14, 2023 Inside a Flexible Circuit Board Factory in China (YouTube) Measurement of Galactic Neutral Hydrogen in Noisy Urban Environment Using Kitchenware Estimating the Nuclear Yield of the Davy Crockett Weapon A magnificent marble clock (YouTube): Pt 1, Pt 2 John Cage – 4′ 33” Death Metal Cover by Dead Territory Understanding Quake’s Fast Inverse Square Root J. Kenji López-Alt looks at baked pasta made with soaking instead of boiling A Celebrity in Every Taxi: An oral history of NYC’s talking taxi program From Sky and Telescope: Hobby Killers: What telescopes not to buy Seeing the World through Your Eyes: Full scene reconstruction from eye reflections Scopin Sans: An open source typeface that renders text like serial data viewed on an oscilloscope A brief history of Nervous System’s puzzles McDonald’s Puppets teach how to cook Chicken McNuggets in in 1983 Training Video, via Laughing Squid From Lettering Guides to CNC Plotters: A Brief History of Technical Lettering Tools SparkFun now sells a Debugging Duck Trains designed to automatically break down, with hackers to the rescue. This entry was posted in Everything Else and tagged linkdump. Bookmark the Permalink. Leave a comment Halloween Projects and Specials By Lenore Edman on October 16, 2023 It’s time for our annual reminder that we love Halloween! Our Halloween Project Archives is a great resource for inspiration and ideas. Halloween is one of our favorite holidays, and … we’ve organized dozens of our Halloween projects into categories: costumes, pumpkins, decor and food. This entry was posted in EMSL Projects and tagged Halloween, LEDs. Bookmark the Permalink. Leave a comment A new pen clip for AxiDraw By Windell Oskay on October 4, 2023 Tiny product update: A new version of the pen holder for AxiDraw, with slots for quick adjustment between the vertical and 45 degree angle positions. This entry was posted in AxiDraw, Evil Mad Scientist Shop. Bookmark the Permalink. One comment so far Tracing the Line: the art of drawing machines and pen plotters By Lenore Edman on September 11, 2023 Tracing the Line is a book of plotter art available for preorder now, coming out this November. Many of our featured artists are included in the book, and AxiDraw makes several appearances in the video teaser. Looks like it will be fantastic! This entry was posted in Art, AxiDraw. Bookmark the Permalink. Leave a comment Linkdump: August 2023 By Windell Oskay on August 31, 2023 Space Elevator (Also, from the same site: Password game) The Amazing Story of How Philly Cheesesteaks Became Huge in Lahore, Pakistan Early computer art in the 50’s & 60’s Maryland License Plates Advertising Filipino Casino My Benihana, Myself How much does animation cost? A price guide Cats apparently recognize their names A rubber block that can count SmarterEveryDay takes a tour of a Progressive die stamping facility (YouTube) From back in 2018: DOOMBA: Automatically generate DOOM level maps for your house from Roomba tracking data The mystery of the Bloomfield bridge This entry was posted in Everything Else and tagged linkdump. Bookmark the Permalink. Hidden line removal for AxiDraw By Windell Oskay on May 25, 2023 We’re pleased to note the release of AxiDraw software version 3.9 this week, with a couple of neat new features. One of them is that the “preview mode” button — which lets you simulate plotting to see how the results will come out — is now accessible no matter which function is selected. The other, the big one, is that AxiDraw now supports hidden-line removal as a standard feature. There’s a full changelog up on GitHub, which also notes a few new features for users of the AxiDraw CLI (command-line interface) and AxiDraw Python library, including the ability to resume a plot a little before where it was paused. But, let’s talk more about hidden-line removal. Continue reading Hidden line removal for AxiDraw → This entry was posted in Art, AxiDraw, EMSL Projects, Robotics, Software. Bookmark the Permalink. Linkdump: April 2023 By Windell Oskay on April 13, 2023 The CRUMB Circuit Simulator, a breadboard simulator Deep Fried Coffee Beans Conserve the Sound: “Your Museum for endangered sounds.” Furby source code What is the price of a Big Mac across the country? Floppy disk costumes for SD cards De visdeurbel (Fish Doorbell; Dutch language.) When a fish in the canals needs the lock opened, you can send the lock keeper a photo to let them know. Near infrared, in situ imaging of chips: An inexpensive method to see inside certain types of integrated circuits. An Aperiodic Monotile, and a talk about it, from the National Museum of Mathematics. The Tabloid Programming languate, and an implementation in Racket. The Electronics Flea Market returns to Silicon Valley this weekend. This entry was posted in Everything Else and tagged linkdump. Bookmark the Permalink. Linkdump: November 2022 By Lenore Edman on November 21, 2022 Video shows florescence, showing how electrical signals move down the leaves of sensitive plant Mimosa pudica Reenacting wear patterns on recreations of medieval book illustrations E-ZPass reduced the rate of premature births to mothers who live near toll booths by 9.1% How to understand cough medicines, including why some cough syrups don’t really have active ingredients Python 3.14 Will be Faster than C++ OpenRCT2 an open-source re-implementation of RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 The Peking Duck Exemption How shaders render bottles in the game Half-Life: Alyx (YouTube) How one unwilling illustrator found herself turned into an AI model About the “baseline” scene in Blade Runner 2049 Fast line hiding with a WebGL shader for pen plots A linear stepper motor PCB racetrack This entry was posted in Everything Else and tagged linkdump. Bookmark the Permalink. Open Circuits: Now available By Windell Oskay on November 1, 2022 Earlier this year, I wrote about my then-forthcoming book, Open Circuits: The Inner Beauty of Electronic Components, co-written with our regular collaborator Eric Schlaepfer. Open Circuits is a coffee table book full of close-up and cross-section photographs of everyday electronic components. And, it’s now shipping! As of today, it’s available in hardcover from your local bookstore, as well as to purchase online and in electronic versions. We also just launched a new website for the book, with links of where you can purchase it as well as lengthy galleries of images from the book and of outake photos. We put up a list of sellers on the website, including direct from No Starch and our own store, where signed copies are available. This entry was posted in Art, Electronics, Engineering, Everything Else, Evil Mad Scientist Shop, Vintage Technology and tagged book, electronics, open circuits, photography. Bookmark the Permalink. Posts navigation ← Older posts Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories — Established 2006 — Newest Articles Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad Scientist Linkdump: December 2023 Halloween Projects and Specials A new pen clip for AxiDraw Tracing the Line: the art of drawing machines and pen plotters Newest CommentsBob on Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad ScientistMr B on Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad ScientistMatthew Rudikoff on Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad ScientistLenore Edman on Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad ScientistJosh on Bantam Tools Acquires Evil Mad ScientistExplore our Archives Art (375) Costumes (35) Play with your food (122) Ask an Evil Mad Scientist (1) Education (87) EMSL Projects (784) AxiDraw (19) Eggbot (93) WaterColorBot (48) EMSL Tests & Quizzes (7) Engineering (597) Basics (26) CNC (102) Electronics (322) Microcontrollers (94) Robotics (67) Everything Else (281) Evil Mad Scientist Shop (94) Field Trips (167) General News (85) Site News (23) Mathematics (40) Open Hardware (83) Reviews (18) Science (101) Citizen Science (5) Nature (19) Software (47) Vintage Technology (73) Search for: 57052Explore our ArchivesExplore our Archives Select Category Art (375) Costumes (35) Play with your food (122) Ask an Evil Mad Scientist (1) Education (87) EMSL Projects (784) AxiDraw (19) Eggbot (93) WaterColorBot (48) EMSL Tests & Quizzes (7) Engineering (597) Basics (26) CNC (102) Electronics (322) Microcontrollers (94) Robotics (67) Everything Else (281) Evil Mad Scientist Shop (94) Field Trips (167) General News (85) Site News (23) Mathematics (40) Open Hardware (83) Reviews (18) Science (101) Citizen Science (5) Nature (19) Software (47) Vintage Technology (73) Bookmark us Twitter: @EMSL Facebook page Tumblr Linkblog feedburner RSS Feed YouTube Channel Tools Log in Entries feed Comments feed WordPress.org Copyright © 2006-2020 Evil Mad Scientist. Please visit our store!