City A.M. | Business news live from the City of London Skip to content CityAM Main navigation Search for: Submit Download free app Business Latest Business News Business Property Retail and leisure Law & professional services Banking Media Technology Transport and infrastructure Politics Entrepreneurship Energy From our partners Inside Saudi M&A Talk Markets & Economics markets and economics news Economics Markets Market Data Blockbeat News Columnists Voices Market View from our partners Featured Spring Budget 2024: What will markets look out for? Gilts, rabbits and cuts Submit a storyTell us your story.Submit Opinion Opinion Opinion Letters Montblanc more from city A.m. Jobs Advertising Featured Scrapping non-dom status will make some of London a ghost town Submit a storyTell us your story.Submit Sport Latest Sports news Sport The Punter The Punter Podcast Investec Champions Cup Sport Business Betting Offers More from city a.m. LIV Golf About us Jobs Aramco Team Series Featured Sport’s coming home: Women’s World Cup, Ryder Cup and Tour de France on UK’s list of 70 targets for next decade Submit a storyTell us your story.Submit Life & Style Life & Style Life & Style The Magazine Travel Culture Wellness Online Casino Offers Featured New wild swimming film shows Brits relaxing in freezing Lake District water Submit a storyTell us your story.Submit ESG ESG ESG News Events Impact A.M. Awards DiverCity Podcast from our partners Partner Hubs Featured Heat Heroes: Eleni Myrivili’s Inspiring Legacy from COP28 Paves the Way for Urban Resilience Submit a storyTell us your story.Submit Latest Paper Jobs Market Data Got a story? Track all markets on TradingView In a rush City A.M.'s live business blog News Spring Budget 2024 Live: Hunt looks at further tax cuts for workers Live! City A.M. will be covering the Spring Budget live from its newsroom in the heart of the City of London so stay tuned for further updates. Spring Budget 2024: What will markets look out for? Gilts, rabbits and cuts Spring Budget 2024 Financial regulator commits to investigate ‘harsh’ lending practices raised by the Federation of Small Businesses SME LENDING Marks boss: Running a business under this government is like ‘going up a down escalator with a rucksack on your back’ Retail GB News losses widen to £42m amid Farage, Rees-Mogg, Johnson wages and Ofcom probes Media These nine London mega-projects could transform the face of the capital London Nine London mega-projects have been identified in the capital’s first ever ‘investment prospectus’ – with the potential to change the face of the capital. Home REIT: Scandal-hit housing investor threatens to sue those ‘responsible for wrongdoing’ Home REIT UK economy ‘turned a corner’ despite slight weakening in services sector UK Economy Monzo hits $5bn valuation with new funding round led by Alphabet’s CapitalG bANKING Mergers and acquisitions: UK deals dry to pandemic low amid ‘constrained’ conditions M&A ‘This clearly shows the absurdity of UK stock market valuations’: Currys urged to accept offer that values it at over £1bn Retail How British Airways wants to win passengers back: WhatsApp, new lounges and a £7bn facelift Aviation Meet the founder who built a global business by renting out her wardrobe Interview How could she – as a “shopaholic” herself – make a difference in the fourth most polluting industry in the world? Former Axiom Ince lawyer rebuked after failing to take client instructions legal Former Autonomy boss Mike Lynch settles data claim with SFO days before trial Mike Lynch Super Tuesday has ‘never mattered less’: Donald Trump to seal Republican presidential nomination US Politics Spring Budget 2024 Hunt’s misguided fiscal rules risk holding back UK growth SPRING BUDGET 2024 Spring Budget 2024: Investment trusts push for fee disclosure changes Investment trusts Spring Budget 2024: Jeremy Hunt to cut national insurance rather than income tax as rate windfall fails to materialise UK Economy Spring Budget 2024: Hunt’s pension reforms could ‘backfire on British business’, AJ Bell warns Budget Spring Budget 2024: Six things to look out for UK economy Spring Budget 2024: Forget a National Insurance cut – a fix on fiscal drag would trap Labour EDITORIAL Best curry in London: From Gymkhana to Tayyabs, we rate the city’s curries London curry We asked the City A.M. team to nominate their favourites from across the capital – here’s the definitive list of the best curries in the city Opinion Scrapping non-dom status will make some of London a ghost town Steve Rigby If we start taxing non-UK income and assets, we may as well pack non-doms bags for them. There is a better way, says Steve Rigby Are the leaks suggesting Jeremy Hunt is ready to scrap tax rules for non-doms to be taken seriously? Or was this one of the now-traditional pre-Budget exercises in kite-flying to […] Want the West End to survive? This is what retail needs from the Budget ros morgan Spring Budget 2024: Forget a National Insurance cut – a fix on fiscal drag would trap Labour EDITORIAL Beyond the M25 ‘I have no doubts it’ll take many by surprise’: Nando’s hires motor finance veteran as UK chief Restaurant Travis Perkins: Profits slashed by £175m as housing downturn cuts revenue Construction New Footasylum CEO named as former boss takes role with The Body Shop owner Retail Siemens to invest £100m and secure over 800 jobs Investment AU Vodka: Meet the Charlie Sloth-backed brand led by ballboy kicked by Eden Hazard Retail Pukka Pies: New products help sales and profits rise Manufacturing Sport Sport’s coming home: Women’s World Cup, Ryder Cup and Tour de France on UK’s list of 70 targets for next decade hosts with the most The Solheim Cup and World Athletics Championships are also on the list. England’s Ashes nemesis joins The Hundred draft (if anyone wants him this time) guess who's back? Who owns Mercedes? Who is the team principal? What is their value? Explainer Investec Champions Cup Barometer: Leinster back on the war path Sponsored FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem investigated over alleged F1 race tampering attempt under the cosh Lifestyle New wild swimming film shows Brits relaxing in freezing Lake District water WILD SWIMMING Wild swimming in the UK is the focus of a new film released this spring Harmony of Heritage and Innovation: City AM partners with Ten Trinity Square Private Members Club PARTNER Best curry in London: From Gymkhana to Tayyabs, we rate the city’s curries London curry The voice of Celebrity Big Brother: ‘We can all be fake – I’m doing it now!’ BIG BROTHER The Magic Flute at the ENO: a breathtaking theatrical delight opera Maserati GranCabrio might be 2024’s most glamorous new car supercar Punter Bill and the Kid Kandoo it to hit Greatwood Gold Jingko won’t leave you feeling Blue in Wednesday opener Dragon can bring the Speed in Classic Cup Superb day in store for Bowman with Less Is More Partner content Ethos Ventures Group CEO message for 2024 Sponsored By Hasan Raza In the face of a turbulent year marked by elections, war on two continents, and the aftermath of inflationary pressures, the economic landscape may appear uncertain in 2024. However, amidst the chaos, some things will remain constant in a number of economies across the world, not least the UK: people will continue […] Social impact can help you attract & retain strategy Sponsored Maximise your business revenue with solar panels Sponsored Ethos Ventures at UN Habitat World Cities Day: Shaping the Future of Urban Sustainability Sponsored Metrikus announces integration with ServiceNow Sponsored In Partnership with HM Government Why adult social care could be the rewarding next stage in your career Sponsored Have you ever thought about switching up your career towards something more rewarding? Or have you considered supplementing your salary with a role where you get to choose the hours and the shifts to work around your schedule? If that chimes with you, there are thousands of jobs available in Adult Social Care (ASC), a […] Central London Alliance CIC What is City Talk? City Talk allows marketers to connect directly with our audience by publishing content on cityam.com Inflation still the number one concern for London Businesses, LCCI finds, but confidence improves CITY TALK Inflation is still the number one concern for London firms found the London Chamber of Commerce andIndustry (LCCI). In its CAPITAL 500 London Quarterly Economic Survey, published on January 24 th, found that 66 per centof companies said they were more concerned about inflation in Q4 of 2023 than previous quarters,while four in 10 (41 […] EC BID launch campaign to support young professionals’ mental health CITY TALK What’s on in London in March 2024? CITY TALK City of London wins GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS title for longest padel playing marathon January 23, 2024 Central London Alliance calls on Treasury to reinstate tax-free shopping and generate an estimated £10 billion January 31, 2024 Central London Alliance calls for government to cut VAT for hospitality, tourism and leisure January 23, 2024 Inflation still the number one concern for London Businesses, LCCI finds, but confidence improves February 16, 2024 Subscribe Subscribe to the City A.M. newsletter to have our top stories delivered directly to your inbox. Subscribe About us Advertising Contact Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy News Markets & Economics Opinion Jobs and Money Life & Style Blockbeat The Punter Betting Offers Casino Got a story? Follow us for breaking news and latest updates Newsletters Latest paper Advertising CryptoAM.io Awards About Tickets Copyright 2024 City A.M. Limited × Your news your way Subscribe to get the essential daily news updates from City A.M's top stories to your inbox. Email Subscribe By signing up to our newsletters you agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.