Home | London Free Press Home Page | London Free PressSkip to Content LFP Weekender: Our guide to making the most of your weekend. Sign up here! LFP Weekender: Our guide to making the most of your weekend. Sign up here! SectionsSearch Search lfpress.com Perform search Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search lfpress.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscriptions Customer Service Access Guide News Local News National True Crime World Health Podcasts Weather Archives Sports Local Sports Hockey London Knights NHL PWHL Soccer Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball London Lightning NBA Curling Golf Tennis MMA Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Contact Us Business Local Business Featured Businesses Mining Technology FP Markets Business London Arts Local Arts Theatre Movies Television TV Listings Music Books Celebrity Life Shopping Essentials Home Living Tech Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Deals Travel Guide Horoscopes Fashion & Beauty Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Homes Decorating Gardening Food Recipes Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Travel Ontario Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials New York Times Crossword Contests National Contests Advice Horoscopes Weather Newsletters Puzzles Comics Healthing Driving ePaper Remembering Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Pet Posts & Adoptions Real Estate Working Shopping This Week's Flyers More Special Sections Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Sports Opinion Letters Business Arts Life Newsletters Puzzles Comics Healthing Driving ePaper Remembering Manage Print Subscription Home | London Free Press Home Page | London Free PressAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Local News City council wants to spread tax blame to province – but not on tax bill London city councillors want you to know the province is driving a portion of the whopping 8.7 per cent property tax increase this year but they backed away Tuesday from using the city’s annual tax bill to do so. Local News Local News Packed bus bound for Christian school crashes; one child pinned underneath 23 Comments Local News Local News Frustration voiced as $269K in additional homeless funding endorsed with Video 10 Comments Local News Local News School bus crashes: A rare, but frightening, reality on London-area roads Local News Local News London hospital ER changes cut ambulance drop-off delays by 70% Local News Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedLocal NewsWorld PHOTOS: Western women’s flag football The women's flag football team at Western University is getting ready for a big tournament at Western beginning March 9. 3 hours ago Local Sports Hockey Canada players' lawyers back in London court as case speeds ahead Five members of Canada’s 2018 world junior team accused of sexually assaulting a woman in a London hotel room are speeding toward a trial. 9 hours ago Local News Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Q+A: Cracking the code to help women, minorities embrace tech jobs International women's day celebrations are kicking off in London with Canada Learning Code’s chief executive Melissa Sariffodeen. 7 hours ago Local News Here's the numbers on 2024-27 London tax hikes for two homes: 'Scary' Now that she has the final, true total of her municipal property tax increase, Tracy Turner-Watt says she's terrified. with Video 39 Comments 12 hours ago Local News London-area home sales, listing prices both increasing, new figures show After home sales jumped by nearly 30 per cent in January compared to the same month in 2023, the trend continued into February, along with an rebound in average home sales prices, newly released figures show. 10 hours ago Local News More news stories > Trending Packed bus bound for Christian school crashes; one child pinned underneath School bus crashes: A rare, but frightening, reality on London-area roads Here's the numbers on 2024-27 London tax hikes for two homes: 'Scary' Frustration voiced as $269K in additional homeless funding endorsed London hospital ER changes cut ambulance drop-off delays by 70% Epaper Edition View the latest edition Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within London. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.Sports Maple Leaf notes: Conor Timmins turns the corner in battle with mono Conor Timmins has spent enough time in the trainer’s room through his NHL career to pick up a medical degree. 51 minutes ago Toronto Maple Leafs FIA confirms whistleblower complaints against president over Saudi Arabia, Las Vegas races The FIA said Tuesday that its compliance officer has received two complaints “detailing potential allegations involving certain members of its governing body” in seeming reference to whistleblower claims against the president of Formula 1’s governing body. 4 hours ago Motorsports Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. INSIDE THE LEAFS: Are the Leafs capable of beating the Bruins? WATCH BELOW as the latest edition of Inside The Leafs, Postmedia’s Rob Wong speaks with Toronto Sun Maple Leafs writer Terry Koshan about his biggest takeaways from the Leafs’ 4-1 loss to Boston and how long the line of Max Domi, Tyler Bertuzzi and William Nylander will last if they continue to struggle in the defensive zone. with Video 4 hours ago Sports Maple Leafs have an eventful countdown to Friday's NHL trade deadline Whenever the Maple Leafs get around to this year’s big team picture, the hope is to be in the frame, not on a plane out of Pearson. with Video 5 hours ago Toronto Maple Leafs Vancouver police officer to compete in the Olympics for a second time Third generation wrestler Amar Dhesi will represent Canada at the Paris Olympics this summer with Video 5 hours ago Olympics More sports stories > Around the NetworkNoon News RoundupYour weekday lunchtime roundup of curated links, news highlights, analysis and features.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Noon News Roundup will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.OpinionFeaturedColumnistsLetters Peters: Why it's time to start looking at the forest instead of the trees on MAiD What if the answer to something complicated really is pretty straightforward, simple and relies on some rather basic common sense? 6 Comments Gabrielle Peters, Special to The Free Press 2 days ago Columnists Baranyai: Laws limiting trans, non-binary people another form of bullying If your social media chambers resonate with any echoes overlapping mine, odds are you've been hearing a lot about Nex Benedict, the 16-year-old Oklahoma student who died after a fight in a school bathroom. 9 Comments Robin Baranyai 2 days ago Columnists Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Dyer: Neutrality becoming an endangered species Neutrality used to be a European thing, but it is now in steep decline. If it were an animal, we’d have to declare it an endangered species. Gwynne Dyer 2 days ago Opinion Letters to the Editor: March 2, 2024 Help, not handouts 198 Comments Free Press Readers 3 days ago Letters McBean: Canada warming faster than anywhere else on Earth Gordon McBean, a leading climate expert, says Canada is warming at a fast rate and urgent action is needed to cut greenhouse gas emissions 10 Comments Gordon McBean, Special to The Free Press 3 days ago Columnists More opinion stories > weather (London) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Letters Letters to the Editor: March 1, 2024 Taxes add up 74 Comments Free Press Readers 4 days ago Letters Letters to the Editor: February 29, 2024 Coach remembered with Video 13 Comments Free Press Readers 5 days ago Letters Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Letters to the Editor: February 28, 2024 Big news overlooked with Video 59 Comments Free Press Readers 6 days ago Letters Reader to Reader: February 24, 2024 Child made impact Free Press Readers February 24, 2024 Letters Letters to the Editor: February 24, 2024 Deny McDonald's 137 Comments Free Press Readers February 24, 2024 Letters More letters stories > Contests More Contests > Special FeaturesAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.BusinessFeaturedLocal BusinessAgriculture Huge indoor beach volleyball complex planned at London airport A massive indoor beach volleyball complex is coming to the London International Airport lands by early next year, the latest move by the aviation hub to make the east-end spot more than just about arrivals and departures. 18 Comments 5 days ago Local Business Nine London-area buildings recognized as Don Smith awards handed out The London and St. Thomas Association of Realtors (LSTAR) recognized the area's thriving construction industry as it handed out the 2023 Don Smith Commercial Building Awards at a ceremony Thursday. February 23, 2024 Local Business Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. London's Ikea mini-store moving to city's south end next month Swedish furniture giant Ikea is relocating its Masonville Place boutique store to a "new and improved" site in south London next month. 8 Comments February 21, 2024 Local Business High-end spa closing after 20 years as owner faces cancer fight: 'Grateful' A posh north London day spa is closing its doors after more than two decades in business as its longtime owner battles cancer. February 13, 2024 Local Business 'They don't need gas lines for EVs': Area parts plant ends 35-year run The automotive industry’s shift to electric vehicles has shut down a Southwestern Ontario automotive parts plant. 40 Comments February 10, 2024 Local News More business stories > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.EntertainmentFeaturedCelebrityTelevision PHOTOS: London Community Orchestra's 50th anniversary concert season The London Community Orchestra's 50th anniversary concert season continued on Sunday with a performance at Dundas Street United Church. 1 day ago Local Arts London musician's addiction battle inspires just-released songs: 'Ongoing fight' Ricardo Dos Santos had his first beer at 15 years old. For much of the next decade he was ruled by an alcohol and drug addiction. 18 Comments 3 days ago Local Arts Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Organizers book 'biggest act in Rock the Park history' for 20th anniversary How's this for celebrating your 20th anniversary? 46 Comments 5 days ago Local Arts 'Jeopardy!' angers fans with 'neopronouns' question: 'Alex Trebeck spinning in his grave' 'I still watch Jeopardy every day but their questions and answers keep getting weirder and weirder' with Video 5 days ago Entertainment Stratford Festival's Rent director on returning to helm La Cage aux Folles The director of La Cage aux Folles, one of the Stratford Festival's musicals in 2024, has his hands in everything. And he embraces it. 6 days ago Theatre More entertainment stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LifeFeaturedRelationshipsFood Growing Concerns: Front walkways more formal that backyard paths With this warm weather and the lack of snow, everyone wants to be in the garden. 3 days ago Gardening Brews News: A crafty connoisseur's guide to beer and food pairings Complement, contrast and cut might be the three Cs that work when ordering food and a beer in a restaurant. 3 days ago Food Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Fare With A Flair: Meatball soup a delicious winter comfort dinner As winter winds down, I'm looking forward to enjoying the last of my winter comfort recipes. 3 days ago Recipes EAT, DRINK: A Jill Wilcox recipe and the best of craft beer Cheers to the weekend. It's time to learn a new recipe with Jill Wilcox; find the best local craft beers with Wayne Newton; and remember to create some great memories with your friends and family. 4 days ago Local News Fare With A Flair: Whisky adds kick to baked beans As many home cooks are making efforts to prepare more plant-based foods, it's a great time to showcase the humble bean. February 24, 2024 Recipes More life stories > Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Healthing March is Brain Health Awareness Month Celebrate your most critical organ by better understanding how the brain works in health and in illness. 5 hours ago Brain Canada Foundation World Obesity Day 2024: Removing stigma, improving access to care and creating a society of acceptance Canadians living with obesity continue to face stigma, discrimination, and a lack of access to care, but the tides are slowly changing. 1 day ago Obesity Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Top obesity associations in Canada: Finding the right organization and resources for you Over 25 per cent of Canadians live with obesity, and these five organizations aim to improve their overall quality of life. 1 day ago Obesity World Obesity Day 2024: 'My hope is that we can drop the judgment and look for solutions’ Five advocates shared their thoughts on what they felt was the most important issue facing the obesity community. 1 day ago Obesity Matters Machado: We need to stop blaming people for their disease No one chooses to be sick, and being made to feel like you are somehow to blame just piles useless baggage onto shoulders already weighed down and overwhelmed. 3 days ago Opinion More healthing stories > Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Driving DriveShare, 'Airbnb of classic cars,' suspends rentals after ownership change The service, formerly owned by Hagerty, put operations on pause last October, but new owners Drive Co say they should resume "imminently" with Video 5 hours ago Industry News Jaguar ceasing car production June, will go all-SUV while prepping EV future Say good-bye to XE, XF, and F-Type, or any non-sport-utility Jag—at least until a battery-powered large sedan bows in three years with Video 6 hours ago Industry News Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Ford recalls 583 Bronco hardtops in Canada for windows that might fall out The safety campaign was launched after it was determined a new employee at a supplier missed part of a two-step adhesion process with Video 6 hours ago Info For Drivers 2026 Rivian R2 specs leak online, point to keen Tesla rival It's only the company's third nameplate – after its R1T truck and R1S SUV twins – but this Model Y competitor seems to pack impressive numbers with Video 6 hours ago New Vehicles F1 driver Berger’s stolen Ferrari recovered after 28 years The famed Formula One pilot's 512M Testarossa was swiped following his podium finish at the 1995 San Marino Grand Prix, but has just been found in London with Video 9 hours ago Crash, Bang, Wow More driving stories > Advertisement 11AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Sports Opinion Letters Business Arts Life ePaper SubscribeFollow London Free Press Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 London Free Press, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK