The Texas Tribune Skip to main content Close this element× INFORMED VOTERSSTRONG DEMOCRACYSupport The Texas Tribune’s Primary Elections Coverage DONATE Menu Close Investigations Guides Newsletters Events Data About Donate Investigations Guides Newsletters Events Data Independent news. Trusted by Texans. Support us. Key coverage Texas Wildfires Election Coverage Your Primary Ballot Early Voting How to Vote It’s primary election day. Here’s six things to watch. by Zach Despart and Matthew Choi 2 hours ago Divisions among Republicans are in stark display, some of Texas’ most senior members of Congress are retiring and Democrats are hoping to unseat Sen. Ted Cruz. Credit: Eli Hartman for The Texas Tribune Many homes burned in the Texas wildfires weren’t insured, creating a steep path to recovery by Joshua Fechter 11 hours ago Rural Texans are more than twice as likely to go without homeowners insurance than their urban peers. Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune Here’s how to vote in Texas’ March 5 primary elections Featured series Content loading … The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one. Latest News Texas voters will choose party nominees today for the 2024 general election by Carla Astudillo 2 hours ago Get The Texas Tribune’s coverage of election results for the 2024 primary races for president, U.S. Senate, U.S. House and the Texas Legislature. Full Story SCOTUS temporarily blocks Texas immigration law, reversing 5th Circuit ruling by Uriel J. García and William Melhado Updated: March 4, 2024 The nation’s highest court stopped the new state law from going into effect until at least next Wednesday, while it considers permanently blocking Senate Bill 4. Full Story Credit: Verónica Gabriela Cárdenas for The Texas Tribune Texas Panhandle wildfires: What you need to know about the blazes, damage and recovery by Texas Tribune Staff Updated: March 4, 2024 The full scope of damage still isn’t known, but some Panhandle residents have returned home. Firefighters continue battling the infernos. Full Story Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune Voting sites expected to open in Panhandle on Tuesday, despite wildfires by Karen Brooks Harper and Robert Downen March 4, 2024 Candidates continued their campaigns at a subdued pace, as they focused on getting resources for fire victims. Full Story Credit: Neil Starkey for the Amarillo Globe-News/USA TODAY NETWORK via REUTERS Texas greenlights negotiations with SpaceX for Boca Chica State Park land exchange by Alejandra Martinez March 4, 2024 Monday’s vote lets Texas Parks and Wildlife staff begin negotiations to swap 43 acres in the park for 477 acres next to a federal wildlife refuge. Full Story Credit: Eddie Gaspar/The Texas Tribune Texas Tech suspends professor over Israel-Hamas war comments by Kate McGee March 4, 2024 The university said it is investigating whether the professor’s comments, which it described as “hateful, antisemitic, and unacceptable,” found their way into the classroom or work environment. Full Story Credit: Mark Rogers for The Texas Tribune T-Squared: Jasper Scherer is our newest politics reporter by Sewell Chan March 4, 2024 He’s covered state government for the Houston Chronicle and the San Antonio Express-News since 2021. Full Story Credit: Courtesy of Taylor Goldenstein Did you know that The Texas Tribune is a nonprofit newsroom? Your donations help power our public service journalism. Become a member today. Texas anti-abortion activists pushed abortion restrictions in New Mexico, records show by Austin Fisher, Source New Mexico March 4, 2024 A handful of cities and counties in New Mexico have passed restrictions – with help from Texans Mark Lee Dickson and attorney Jonathan Mitchell. Full Story Credit: Photo by Patrick Lohmann/Source NM A fraction of Texans will vote in Tuesday’s primary. They’ll decide who runs the state. by Yuriko Schumacher and Matthew Watkins March 4, 2024 In Texas, who’ll run the state is usually decided in the primary. Because of gerrymandering and noncompetitive elections, few people participate. Full Story Panhandle residents begin rebuilding, even as fight to contain fires continues by Carlos Nogueras Ramos March 3, 2024 The fire that engulfed their town was only 15% contained over the weekend, but Canadian residents were back to selling flowers and preparing for an election. Full Story Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune Explore our data Elected Officials Directory Bios, contact information and more for the occupants of the state’s highest offices. Government Salaries Explorer Review the compensation of state government employees in Texas. Texas Public Schools Explorer Demographics, academic performance, college readiness and average teacher salaries for Texas' public schools. Send us a confidential tip There are several ways you can securely send tips, documents and photographs to our reporters and editors. Learn more. New Panhandle wildfire emerges, forcing evacuation of tiny town of Sanford by Kate McGee, Jayme Lozano Carver and Madaleine Rubin Updated: March 3, 2024 Get the latest updates as firefighters continue battling massive fires that have burned more than 1 million acres. Full Story Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune Early voting turnout in 2024 Texas primaries slumps compared to 2020 by Andrew Park and Pooja Salhotra March 3, 2024 About 1.8 million Texans voted during the early period that ended Friday, down from 2 million during the 2020 presidential primary. Democratic turnout accounted for the entirety of the decline. Full Story Credit: Maria Crane/The Texas Tribune State calls for investigation into cause of Texas Panhandle wildfires by Madaleine Rubin, Jayme Lozano Carver and Emily Foxhall Updated: March 3, 2024 As officials try to determine a cause for the wildfires, a Canadian homeowner filed a lawsuit blaming an energy company for the destruction. And more are expected. Full Story Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune The Blast Newsletter A premium newsletter powered by the nation's largest statehouse bureau. Subscribe to The Blast As wildfires rage through Panhandle, Fritch residents seek respite at church by Carlos Nogueras Ramos March 1, 2024 Shaken by the devastation, families find comfort in each other as they pick through the rubble and commune at a church in nearby Borger. Full Story Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune Texas wildfires: how to help and how to stay safe by María Méndez and Maria Probert Hermosillo Updated: March 1, 2024 As firefighters work to put out the largest wildfire in Texas history, here’s a guide to fire weather watches, safety tips and how to find organizations collecting donations to directly help local residents, including farmers and ranchers. Full Story Credit: Mark Rogers for The Texas Tribune Wildfires ravage cattle country, threatening Texas’ agriculture economy by Alejandra Martinez March 1, 2024 Texas wildfires have consumed acres of agricultural land, killing thousands of livestock, destroying crops and exacerbating challenges lingering from last year’s drought. Full Story Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune Texas prosecutor disciplined for allowing murder charge against woman who self-managed an abortion by Madaleine Rubin March 1, 2024 The State Bar of Texas has fined and suspended Starr County’s district attorney for pursuing a murder indictment against 26-year-old woman after she self-managed an abortion. Full Story Credit: Eddie Gaspar/The Texas Tribune Firefighters rush to subdue deadly Panhandle wildfire before dangerous conditions return Saturday by Kate McGee, Carlos Nogueras Ramos and Pooja Salhotra Updated: March 1, 2024 Light rain and snow Thursday allowed firefighters to gain better control of the state’s largest-ever fire, which has killed at least two people. Full Story Credit: Maxar Technologies/Handout via REUTERS Record winter heat, dry air helped drive Panhandle fire risk by Emily Foxhall March 1, 2024 Texas has a wildfire season in winter, but climate change is extending it, scientists say. Full Story Credit: Justin Rex for The Texas Tribune More News Donate View your giving history Contact us Advertise Send us a confidential tip © 2024 The Texas Tribune Topics Congress Courts Criminal justice Demographics Economy Energy Environment Health care Higher education Immigration Politics Public education State government Transportation View all Company Info About Us Our Staff Jobs Who Funds Us? Strategic Plan Republishing Guidelines Code of Ethics Terms of Service Privacy Policy Corrections Feeds Newsletters Audio Video Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Reddit Join our Facebook Group, This Is Your Texas.