High Scalability High Scalability Home System Design Interview Course Sign in Subscribe Latest The Swedbank Outage shows that Change Controls don't work This week I’ve been reading through the recent judgment from the Swedish FSA on the Swedbank outage. If you’re unfamiliar with this story, Swedbank had a major outage in April 2022 that was caused by an unapproved change to their IT systems. It temporarily left nearly a million By Bruce Johnston Aug 16, 2023 Lessons Learned Running Presto at Meta Scale Presto is a free, open source SQL query engine. We’ve been using it at Meta for the past ten years, and learned a lot while doing so. Running anything at scale - tools, processes, services - takes problem solving to overcome unexpected challenges. Here are four things we learned By Philip Bell Jul 16, 2023 Gossip Protocol Explained You can subscribe to the system design newsletter to excel in system design interviews and software architecture. The original article was published on systemdesign.one website. What Is Gossip Protocol? The typical problems in a distributed system are the following [1], [11]: * maintaining the system state (liveness of nodes) * communication By NK Jul 16, 2023 Consistent hashing algorithm You can subscribe to the system design newsletter to excel in system design interviews and software architecture. You can view the original article Consistent hashing explained on systemdesign.one website. How does consistent hashing work? At a high level, consistent hashing performs the following operations: 1. The output of the By NK Feb 22, 2023 What is Cloud Computing? According to ChatGPT. DALL-E picture generated from the answer. I was curious, given all the ChatGPT love, what it would make of some of our favorite topics. I was both impressed and unimpressed. Impressed. ChatGPT instantly generated an response that might make a good answer in a Miss Universe contest. You know, the By High Scalability Dec 16, 2022 Stuff The Internet Says On Scalability For December 2nd, 2022 Never fear, HighScalability is here! 1958: An engineer wiring an early IBM computer 2021: An engineer wiring an early IBM quantum computer. @enclanglement My Stuff: * I'm proud to announce a completely updated and expanded version of Explain the Cloud Like I'm 10! This version adds 2x By High Scalability Dec 2, 2022 The Cloud is Not a Railroad - An Argument Against the Vertical Separation of Cloud Providers There's a move to regulate cloud providers by vertically separating the services they offer. Like railroads of yore, who were not allowed to provide freight services on top of their base services, cloud providers would not be allowed to provide services on top of their base platform services. By High Scalability Oct 24, 2022 Sponsored Post: G-Core Labs, Close, Wynter, Pinecone, Kinsta, Bridgecrew, IP2Location, StackHawk, InterviewCamp.io, Educative, Stream, Fauna, Triplebyte Who's Hiring? * Close is building the sales communication platform of the future and we're looking for a Site Reliability Engineer to help us accomplish that goal. If you have a passion for databases (both SQL and NoSQL), significant experience building, managing, and monitoring infrastructure, databases, and By High Scalability Jul 18, 2022 Stuff The Internet Says On Scalability For July 11th, 2022 Never fear, HighScalability is here! Every cell a universe. Most detailed image of a human cell to date. @microscopicture Other images considered: one byte of RAM in 1946; visual guide on troubleshooting Kubernetes; Cloudflare using lava lamps to generate cryptographic keys; 5MB of data looked like in 1966 My Stuff: By High Scalability Jul 11, 2022 Sponsored Post: G-Core Labs, Close, Wynter, Pinecone, Kinsta, Bridgecrew, IP2Location, StackHawk, InterviewCamp.io, Educative, Stream, Fauna, Triplebyte Who's Hiring? * Close is building the sales communication platform of the future and we're looking for a Site Reliability Engineer to help us accomplish that goal. If you have a passion for databases (both SQL and NoSQL), significant experience building, managing, and monitoring infrastructure, databases, and By High Scalability Jun 10, 2022 Sponsored Post: Close, Wynter, Pinecone, Kinsta, Bridgecrew, IP2Location, StackHawk, InterviewCamp.io, Educative, Stream, Fauna, Triplebyte Who's Hiring? * Close is building the sales communication platform of the future and we're looking for a Site Reliability Engineer to help us accomplish that goal. If you have a passion for databases (both SQL and NoSQL), significant experience building, managing, and monitoring infrastructure, databases, and By High Scalability May 4, 2022 Sponsored Post: Wynter, Pinecone, Kinsta, Bridgecrew, IP2Location, StackHawk, InterviewCamp.io, Educative, Stream, Fauna, Triplebyte Who's Hiring? * Wynter is looking for system administrators, engineers, and developers to join its research panel. Participate in research surveys, get paid ($90-$180/hr) for your feedback and comments. Super low key commitment, 10-15 mins per survey. Learn more and sign up. * DevOps Engineer: At Kinsta, we By High Scalability Feb 1, 2022 See all High Scalability Sign up Powered by Ghost High Scalability Building bigger, faster, more reliable websites. Subscribe