New Zealand Police | Nga Pirihimana O Aotearoa Skip to main content What are you looking for? Popular searches Case / Report update Lost property Cryptopia Wanted Trespass Compliance Police vetting Request information Browse Site Map Information for non-English speakers Information for non-English speakers English 中文 हिन्दी Español العربية فارسی Deutsch 日本語 한국어 af Soomaali ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Search form Search News Straight from the source Keep up to date and subscribe to NZ Police news and insights All news Featured and latest news, stories, alerts and more. District news Scan the latest Police news and information about your district. How we’re tracking View user-friendly graphics that provide an overview of key Police data. Traffic alerts Updates about local and national traffic issues and crime incidents. Ten One Magazine Stories about Police and its people. Subscriptions Subscribe to receive news, alerts, Ten One Magazine stories, advice of stolen boats, and safety advice by email or RSS feed. Major events Police media contacts NZ Police app Research company hack Close Advice & Services Get tips to help you stay safe Advice for victims, view FAQs, learn about our services and get safety advice Frequently asked questions Get the answers to some of our most common queries. Personal & community safety Get some advice on the safety of yourself, your family, property and visitors to New Zealand. Advice for victims Information about how Police supports victims of crime, including the Victim Notification Register and access the Victims information website. Infringement Services Understanding the infringement process, how to pay, lost notice, request safety camera photo, transfer liability and more. Driving and road safety How to report bad driving, legislation, speed limits, road safety cameras and other safety advice. Family violence How to get help for family violence (domestic violence) and learn about Protection Orders and Police Safety Orders. Sexual assault and consent Firearms & Safety (FSA) How to report a crime or incident Firearms & Safety Drugs and alcohol Accessing information Businesses and organisations Cybercrime and the Internet Protecting crowded places from attack Counter-Terrorism Information for Suppliers Missing persons All online options Close About us Who are we? An overview of our responsibilities and Values, plus links to key publications About New Zealand Police Our drive for New Zealand to be the safest country in the world. Our Values We aim to have the trust and confidence of all - to achieve this we operate in accordance with our values. Māori and Police in partnership Find out how Māori and Police work together to help prevent crime, crashes and victimisation in our communities. Structure Police management and district structure, and Information about some of the many teams and units that make up Police. Publications and statistics View corporate publications, forms, guides and standards, general reports and research as well as crime statistics. History and Museum Explore the early history of Police, read the memorials of officers killed by criminal acts, and find out about the exciting Police Museum. Investigations and reviews Programmes and initiatives How we manage personal information Ko te iwi Māori me Ngā Pirihimana e ngunguru nei Close Careers Start your career with NZ Police today! Find out about interesting roles where you can make a difference Work for the Firearms Regulator Join a team who are passionate about transforming arms safety and control in Aotearoa. New Cops All your recruitment questions answered. Becoming a Police Communicator Find out about our emergency and non-emergency service roles. Other career opportunities Current vacancies across various Police work groups. How to apply for a vacancy The application process for non-sworn employee positions. Police groups An overview of some of our key work groups. Valuing Diversity Our values reflect what is important to us and the communities we serve. Close Contact us Get in touch Find out the various ways you can contact NZ Police 105 Police Non-Emergency 105 is the number for Police non-emergencies. 111 is the emergency number for Police, Fire and Ambulance. Calling emergency 111 Call triple one when you need an emergency response from Police, Fire or Ambulance. 111 TXT registration If you have hearing or talking difficulties register for the 111 TXT service. Find Police stations Search by station name or address. Give feedback about Police Tell us what we’ve done well and what we need to improve on. Local contacts Other contact points across Police. Close Can you help us? Safer communities Information about how you can help us prevent crime Wanted to arrest People featured here are sought by Police for arrest. Check if a vehicle is stolen Find out if a vehicle has been reported stolen. Cold case Help us find answers to some of the country’s unsolved homicides. Check if a boat is stolen Find out if a boat is stolen or report information you have about a stolen boat. Armed Response Team trial Tell us what you think. Missing persons list Close Toggle navigation Learn more about Kia Ora!How can we help? Search form Search Quick Links Advice for victims Online Reports New drug driving legislation Case or report update Firearms and Safety Give feedback about Police Pay a fine or infringement Report a road incident or unsafe driver Request information Ten One Magazine Traffic alerts Vetting Quick Links Advice for victims Online Reports New drug driving legislation Case or report update Firearms and Safety Give feedback about Police Pay a fine or infringement Report a road incident or unsafe driver Request information Ten One Magazine Traffic alerts Vetting Important notice SCAM ALERT Police are aware of EMAIL and TXT scam campaigns circulating that reference NZ Police. Do not reply to the email or click any TXT links under any circumstances. Further information about Email scams can be found in our news release. Further information about TXT scams can be found in our news release Hide New Zealand Police Home 111 Emergency One-One-One (111) Call triple one (111) when you need an emergency response from Police, Fire or Ambulance. If you have difficulty hearing or talking on the phone you can register here for the 111 TXT service. About 111 105 Non-Emergency Ten Five (105) Use Ten Five (105) to report things that don’t need urgent Police assistance. Use 105 *555 Driving Incidents Star Triple Five (*555) Call Star Triple Five (*555) to report road incidents which are urgent but not life-threatening. About *555 Call Crimestoppers to report a crime anonymously. Crimestoppers is an independent charity. Explore Police News Keep up to date and subscribe to NZ Police news and insights Advice & Services Advice for victims, view FAQs, learn about our services and get safety advice About us An overview of our responsibilities and Values, plus links to key publications Careers Find out about interesting roles where you can make a difference Contact us Find out the various ways you can contact NZ Police Can you help us? Information about how you can help us prevent crime Keeping our Communities Safe Our mission is for New Zealand to be the safest country in the world. We operate 24/7 by land, sea and air, keeping our communities safe from harm and seeking to prevent harm while maintaining high levels of trust and confidence. Explore your district Kimihia mai ngā kōrero mō te mahi tahi a te iwi Māori me ngā Pirihimana ki te kaupare atu i te hara, i ngā tukinga waka me ngā mahi takakino tangata i ō tātou hapori. Find out how Māori and Police work together to help prevent crime, crashes and victimisation in our communities. See how Māori and Police work together I’ve grown up here, to give back to my community is a massive thing for me Constable Carren Walker Ngā Puhi, Te Rarawa Start your own story at: newcops.govt.nz Sign up for updates Stay in the know Sign up to receive the latest news and alerts Keep up to date with what’s going on You saw it here first – the latest official NZ Police news. police.govt.nz Associated Agencies NZ Police works in coordination with many other agencies and organisations Information for non-English speakers Information for non-English speakers English 中文 हिन्दी Español العربية فارسی Deutsch 日本語 한국어 af Soomaali ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Get to know us Who’s who Police haka Looking back Online Exhibitions Investigations and reviews Major events New Cops Career paths Pay & benefits Get prepared ChatCops FAQs Apply now Useful resources Publications & Statistics Our latest safety information Retail Crime Prevention Hub Home Safety Checklist Stay safe at sea Get involved Cold cases - can you help? Give feedback about Police Website feedback NZ Police app now available Download instructions and FAQs About this site Copyright Contact Accessibility Site map FAQs © Copyright 2024 New Zealand Police