ECKANKAR, the Path of Spiritual Freedom | ECKANKAR Official Skip to content Loading... Menu Home Explore What Is ECKANKAR? Spiritual Teachers ECK Soul Adventure FAQs Temple of ECK Parents & Families Experience HU—the Sound of Soul Dreams Soul Travel Past Lives Light and Sound Engage Become an ECK Student Spiritual Living Courses Seminars Podcasts ECK Soul Adventure Magazine eBooklets Daily Inspiration Develop a Daily Practice ECKANKAR Near You More Contact Us Free HU Download Request Free Book ECKANKAR Blog ECK Parents Blog Animals Are Souls Blog Bookstore Initiate Pages Search for products, documents, pages & blog posts Close search field Close Search... Is There More to Life Than What You See? Discover Your Highest Purpose Searching for Truth? Experience the Most Sacred Part of Yourself Have You Had a Spiritual Experience? The Hero's Journey Eternal, Unlimited, Divine You are Soul, an eternal, creative being. Unlimited. Divine. Does something inside you long to know life’s purpose? To make sense of the world around you? Eᴄᴋᴀɴᴋᴀʀ is an active, individual, creative spiritual practice. A companion and road map for your journey home—to the heights of Self-Discovery and God-Discovery, and beyond. Come along and discover the most secret part of yourself. The key to spiritual freedom lies within you. Explore Eᴄᴋᴀɴᴋᴀʀ The Hero’s Journey of Advanced Spiritual Living Have you ever felt a hunger for something you can’t even put words to? What if you are actually on a journey—a quest—that has spanned the ages, continents, lifetimes? It has survived victories, tragedies, wealth and poverty, unimaginable gains and losses. Death and rebirth, time and again. The journey is worth everything. Because you are the hero, and your saga continues until the quest is fulfilled. What Is This Quest? Experience HU The Sound of Soul A divine sound courses through all life—through every blade of grass, every galaxy, every atom of our bodies. HU is an ancient, sacred name for God—a carrier of love between Soul and God. When sung or chanted with an open heart, it opens the lines of communication to the most sacred part of yourself. HU acts as a tuning fork, aligning Soul with higher states of love, creativity, healing, and awareness. It is the clear Voice of God, with the power to transform the lead of human consciousness into the gold of an enlightened Soul. Find your own proof of the love and power of HU. Experience the Sound of Soul Spiritual Teacher and Guide Spiritual teachers from an ancient lineage walk among us today—Adepts who have mastered the spiritual laws of life, embodying them in thought, word, and deed. Teachers of the highest order. These are the ECK Masters. Chief among them is the Mᴀʜᴀɴᴛᴀ, the Living ECK Master. As an inner and outer spiritual teacher, his role is to awaken the God-knowledge already within you. Meet Sri Harold Klemp Awakening As Soul https://eckankar-a.akamaihd.net/Awakening_Soul.mp3 ECKANKAR’s Spiritual Living Courses A true spiritual teaching strengthens the link between God and you. And it provides a guide to help make your individual journey as direct as possible. Start Your ECK Adventure When I found ECKANKAR, my heart said, “Home.” Michigan ECK Soul Adventure ebooklet ECK Soul Adventure eBooklet Series Looking for a burst of spiritual sunshine? For secrets of surviving and thriving in these times? Each dynamic eBooklet in this series offers a quick tour of a key facet of spiritual living. Explore amazing stories, insights, questions-and-answers, and an inspiring spiritual exercise you can try today. These short mobile-friendly PDFs cover a wide range of spiritual interests and needs. A delight to the eye and uplifting to every heart. View or download eBooklets now Explore Next Steps Get Your Free Book Explore the free book ECKANKAR—Ancient Wisdom for Today. Discover how past lives, dreams, and Soul Travel can help you unravel the mysteries of life and aid you in your spiritual growth. Get Your Free Book Today Find Events Near You Looking for spiritual community? Dive deep with others of like heart at an ECK seminar, and take life to another spiritual level. Find an Event Transform Through Daily Practice Make inner guidance a reality in any moment of your life. Discover simple, creative techniques that have the power to transform your life or simply create a better day. Try one out. Try a Spiritual Exercise Explore What Is Eckankar? Spiritual Teachers ECK Soul Adventure Sri Harold Klemp Temple of ECK FAQs Parents & Families Experience HU—The Sound of Soul Dreams Soul Travel Past Lives Light and Sound Engage Become an ECK Student Spiritual Living Courses Seminars Podcasts ECK Soul Adventure Magazine eBooklets Daily Inspiration Develop a Daily Practice ECKANKAR Near You More Contact Us Free HU Download Request Free Book ECKANKAR Blog ECK Parents Blog Animals Are Souls Blog Bookstore Initiate Pages Copyright © 2020–2024 ECKANKAR. All rights reserved. The terms ECKANKAR, ECK, EK, MAHANTA, SOUL TRAVEL, and VAIRAGI, among others, are trademarks of ECKANKAR, PO Box 2000, Chanhassen, MN 55317-2000 USA. 200140 ECKANKAR Privacy Policy