Home - Entomology Today About Author Guidelines Insect ID Jobs Entomological Society of America LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Research News The Entomology Profession Amazing Insects Science Policy and Outreach March 5, 2024 Search for: Latest News How Crickets Can “Upcycle” Bad Grain Into Useful Animal Feed Research News February 29, 2024 0 Farmed house crickets (Acheta domesticus) are a growing source for high-protein animal feed, and a new study finds an added benefit: Crickets can feed on corn contaminated with a fungal toxin—which usually goes to waste—without absorbing it and with no ill effects. [Read more] Buzz on the High Seas: Navy Entomologists and the Unlikely Challenge of Honey Bee Swarms Research News February 28, 2024 3 When honey bees look for a new home, they often temporarily gather in swarms on trees or various human-made structures—including U.S. Navy ships. Learn how Navy entomologists answer the call to safely relocate honey bees that have swarmed on Navy vessels. [Read more] The Entomologist Who Almost Wasn’t: A Tale on the Importance of Inclusive K-12 Education The Entomology Profession February 23, 2024 0 Meet Abigail (Abbey) M. Hayes, Ph.D., postdoctoral researcher at the University of Virginia, active in online science communication and entomology outreach, and subject of the next installment of our “Standout Early Career Professionals” series. [Read more] Leafhopper Brochosomes: Nanoparticles Inspiring Future Materials Amazing Insects February 22, 2024 2 They look like microscopic soccer balls, but they give leafhopper insects a highly water-repellent, anti-reflective coating. Get a closer look at brochosomes and the latest research into how their properties could one day be emulated in human-made materials. [Read more] Trash Bug Versus Mealybug: Unique Insect Interaction Filmed for First Time Amazing Insects February 15, 2024 0 “Trash bug” lacewing larvae voraciously feed on mealybugs and then camouflage themselves in the mealybugs’ wax and other debris. But mealybugs can fight back with “reflex bleeding,” oozing out fluid that gums up the lacewing’s mouth. An entomologist and macrophotographer captures one-of-a-kind photos and video of this predator and prey behavior. [Read more] More News Research News Estimating Bee Communities is a Tall Task, Analysis Shows February 13, 2024 0 Studying bee communities is critical to assessing their role in ecosystems and agricultural systems. A new meta-analysis of 72 bee-sampling studies reveals best practices—and the surprising breadth and scope necessary—for thoroughly documenting a local bee community. [Read more] Research News A Better Tool to Quantify Pesticide Risk February 9, 2024 1 The Pesticide Risk Tool provides growers and IPM pros with detailed risk estimates for 15 different potential environmental and human-health impacts. A new report in the Journal of Integrated Pest Management explores the tool and its applications. [Read more] The Entomology Profession Aspiring Public Health Entomologists Find Buzzworthy Experience at ESA Annual Meeting February 8, 2024 0 Two students and a recent graduate share their experience after attending Entomology 2023 as participants in ESA and the CDC’s Public Health Entomology for All program. [Read more] Research News How a Common Office Product Can Speed Up Monitoring for Invasive Fruit Flies February 6, 2024 1 Sheet protectors keep pages in a binder pristine, but entomologists in France have found a new use for them as a handy tool for quick visual inspection of fruit infested with larvae of the invasive fruit fly spotted-wing drosophila. Just crush the fruit inside the sheet protector and count the larvae. [Read more] Research News Research News How Crickets Can “Upcycle” Bad Grain Into Useful Animal Feed February 29, 2024 0 Farmed house crickets (Acheta domesticus) are a growing source for high-protein animal feed, and a new study finds an added benefit: Crickets can feed on corn contaminated with a fungal toxin—which usually goes to waste—without absorbing it and with no ill effects. [Read more] Research News Buzz on the High Seas: Navy Entomologists and the Unlikely Challenge of Honey Bee Swarms February 28, 2024 3 When honey bees look for a new home, they often temporarily gather in swarms on trees or various human-made structures—including U.S. Navy ships. Learn how Navy entomologists answer the call to safely relocate honey bees that have swarmed on Navy vessels. [Read more] Amazing Insects Leafhopper Brochosomes: Nanoparticles Inspiring Future Materials February 22, 2024 2 They look like microscopic soccer balls, but they give leafhopper insects a highly water-repellent, anti-reflective coating. Get a closer look at brochosomes and the latest research into how their properties could one day be emulated in human-made materials. [Read more] The Entomology Profession The Entomology Profession The Entomologist Who Almost Wasn’t: A Tale on the Importance of Inclusive K-12 Education February 23, 2024 0 Meet Abigail (Abbey) M. Hayes, Ph.D., postdoctoral researcher at the University of Virginia, active in online science communication and entomology outreach, and subject of the next installment of our “Standout Early Career Professionals” series. [Read more] Research News Estimating Bee Communities is a Tall Task, Analysis Shows February 13, 2024 0 Studying bee communities is critical to assessing their role in ecosystems and agricultural systems. A new meta-analysis of 72 bee-sampling studies reveals best practices—and the surprising breadth and scope necessary—for thoroughly documenting a local bee community. [Read more] Research News A Better Tool to Quantify Pesticide Risk February 9, 2024 1 The Pesticide Risk Tool provides growers and IPM pros with detailed risk estimates for 15 different potential environmental and human-health impacts. A new report in the Journal of Integrated Pest Management explores the tool and its applications. [Read more] Amazing Insects Amazing Insects Leafhopper Brochosomes: Nanoparticles Inspiring Future Materials February 22, 2024 2 They look like microscopic soccer balls, but they give leafhopper insects a highly water-repellent, anti-reflective coating. Get a closer look at brochosomes and the latest research into how their properties could one day be emulated in human-made materials. [Read more] Amazing Insects Trash Bug Versus Mealybug: Unique Insect Interaction Filmed for First Time February 15, 2024 0 “Trash bug” lacewing larvae voraciously feed on mealybugs and then camouflage themselves in the mealybugs’ wax and other debris. But mealybugs can fight back with “reflex bleeding,” oozing out fluid that gums up the lacewing’s mouth. An entomologist and macrophotographer captures one-of-a-kind photos and video of this predator and prey behavior. [Read more] Amazing Insects How Some Insects Turn Plants Into Pollution Detectors September 12, 2023 1 A wide variety of insects cause their host plants to form protective galls. These abnormal growths are rich in nutrients—as well as contaminants the plant might absorb from the soil. New research shows these insect-induced galls can double as highly sensitive pollution detectors. [Read more] Science Policy and Outreach Science Policy and Outreach An Entomologist’s Adventure in the Web of Plant-Virus-Insect Interactions January 30, 2024 4 Meet Jinlong Han, Ph.D., postdoctoral research associate at Colorado State University studying the interactions of plants, insect vectors, and the viruses they transmit. Han is subject of the next installment of our “Standout Early Career Professionals” series. [Read more] Science Policy and Outreach Growing Entomology’s Reach: Meet ESA’s 2023 Science Communication Awardees October 24, 2023 0 A train-the-trainer approach paired with engaging resources on pollinators and a Spanish-language online extension publication have been honored this year by the Entomological Society of America for excellence in science communication. [Read more] Science Policy and Outreach Master’s Program in Vector-Borne Diseases Tackles Need for Medical Entomologists October 12, 2023 1 With the growing occurrence and range of diseases spread by insects and arthropods, the U.S. has been in serious need of more trained medical entomologists. A CDC-supported master’s degree program in vector-borne disease biology at Cornell University is one effort to address this shortage directly. [Read more] Subscribe Never miss a new post on Entomology Today! Enter your email address to subscribe. Email Address Subscribe Recent Top-Viewed Articles Research News What Eats Ticks? Study Puts an Old Technique to New Use Research News Probiotics for Honey Bees: How Beneficial Microbes Could Boost Hive Health Research News Artificial Sweetener Could Be New Tool in Cockroach Management Research News Suitable Range for Spotted Lanternfly Refined in New Study Research News This Predatory Mite is a Rising Star in Pest Management The Entomology Profession How Systematic Entomology Will Thrive in the Age of Artificial Intelligence Research News Desert Decomposers: The Insects That Thrive in Decaying Cacti Research News Even on Farms, Bees Look For a Balanced Diet Research News Every Little Bit Counts: Small Plots of Native Plants Boost Insects in Urban Settings Research News In Mississippi, Blacklegged Ticks’ Seasonal Shift Deemed “Very Strange” Contact UsEntomological Society of America 170 Jennifer Rd., Suite 230 Annapolis, MD 21401-7995 USA301-731-4535esa@entsoc.org More InfoContact Us Disclaimer Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Diversity & Inclusion Social Media Guidelines Cookie Statement Subscribe Never miss a new post on Entomology Today! Enter your email address to subscribe. Email Address Subscribe RSS - Posts Search Search for: © Copyright Entomological Society of America, Annapolis, Maryland, USA