The UK's technology trade association × To make the most of your techUK website experience, please login or register for your free account here. Sign in / Register Join techUK Contact us Search Cancel Looking for something? Shaping policy Shaping policy Nations and Regions Hub Economic growth and productivity is reliant on digital investment in our nations and regions. Digital Regulation Hub techUK lead the industry to inform and shape how Government approaches new regulation so that we can build a better digital society. Digital economy At techUK, our aim is to ensure the UK remains one of the best places to start and grow a tech firm with benefits for our people, society, economy and planet. International Policy and Trade Advocating for ambitious digital trade chapters in UK's trade agreements, that build on and go beyond newly established principles of digital trade. In a rapidly digitising world, getting digital trade right will be essential. Jobs and skills To make sure that the UK is a world-leading digital economy that works for everyone, it is crucial that people have the digital skills needed for life and work. Data techUK believes that we need a robust and workable data compliance environment in the UK to deliver outcomes that ensure consumer trust. Consumer tech and regulation Digital ethics Diversity and inclusion Future of work Online fraud R&D UK-EU relations Accelerating innovation Accelerating innovation Climate Action Hub techUK is committed to helping our members, our sector, and all other industries to reach net zero. Innovation Hub techUK is central to the UK’s innovation ecosystem. We champion emerging technologies as an integral part of the UK economy. AI (Artificial intelligence) We work closely with key government departments and regulators to enable the benefits of AI to be felt across the UK. Cyber security techUK brings together key players across the cyber sector to promote leading-edge UK capabilities, build networks and grow the sector. 5G communications 5G is the digital fabric of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, enabling the delivery of new and exciting services into areas such as utilities, mobility and healthcare. Quantum Quantum computing has been identified as a key emerging and transformative technology that will have an impact on the UK’s long term digital and economic future. Cloud computing Connected home Digital identity Digital twins Digital phone switchover Future of compute Metaverse UK Semiconductor Hub Developing markets Developing markets Central government techUK aims to lead debate on new technologies and provide a forum for government to engage with tech suppliers. Defence and security The Defence programme works to help the UK’s Defence technology sector align itself with the MOD. Financial services We bring together and connect firms from across the financial services ecosystem to ensure innovation and technology can be fully harnessed. Health and social care With health and care systems around the globe facing increasing pressures, the use of digital technology has never been more important. Local public services Local public services are faced with a range of challenges and digital presents the opportunity to do things differently and smarter. Data centres Data centres provide the core infrastructure that underpins all digital activity across government, business and community. Justice and emergency services Telecoms Smart Infrastructure and Systems National security Who we are Who we are Become a member Get in touch to learn more about the many benefits that techUK membership can bring to your business. About us techUK brings together people, companies and organisations to realise the positive outcomes that digital technology can achieve. techUK members Our member companies range from leading FTSE 100 companies to new innovative start-ups. Our board You will find top executives from some of the world's most innovative tech organisations on techUK's board. Our team The techUK team brings together a diverse range of people with different backgrounds, experience, knowledge and skills. Careers at techUK Find out more about our culture and opportunities to work at techUK. Our partners Media resources Press releases Tech for Good What we deliver What we deliver techUK President's Award techUK is pleased to announce the winners of our inaugural President's Award, celebrating the positive contributions of our members. Insights Check out all our latest news and views, industry insights, reports, podcasts and more here. Events calendar From conferences and dinners to market briefings, webinars, and roundtables, find the list of all our upcoming events here. SME Connect Learn more about how techUK helps SMEs with a range of services, programmes and advice. Business services techUK provides a range of services to help grow your business, with access to finance, business knowledge and support. Flagship events Campaign weeks techUK podcasts Returners Hub Sponsorship opportunities Meeting rooms and event spaces DSIT Secondee Opportunities The UK's technology trade association Championing technology's role in preparing and empowering the UK for what comes next, delivering a better future for people, society, the economy and the planet. Spotlight on our activity Nominations open for techUK Main Board elections techUK is pleased to invite nominations from our techUK SME members for four Elected Director vacancies positions on our Main Board. This is a great opportunity to make a difference for the UK tech sector, helping us shape our direction and priorities and working with peers across industry to maximise our collective impact. Read more and nominate here Warming Up to Efficiency: Understanding the Potential Benefits and Pitfalls of Data Centre Heat Export in the UK This techUK report underscores the industry's eagerness to actively contribute to heat networks, showcasing members’ success stories and highlighting ongoing initiatives. Read more Contribute to our TechTogether campaign We would like to invite members to contribute to our TechTogether month in March via blogs, videos, or being an interviewee to discuss actions that both government and industry can take towards the normative and societal good of equal representation in the sector. Click the link to find out more! Submit your content! Tune in now to the latest techUK podcast The second podcast episode in this Cyber Series in partnership with BlackBerry explores whether AI is part of the solution when it comes to cyber attacks, the importance of AI regulation and what to anticipate regarding AI in 2024. Listen now Mobilise 2024: the future of infrastructure - 17 April techUK's flagship future of transport and infrastructure event brings the digital sector together with public sector leaders to discuss how we can accelerate the digital transformation of transport and its supporting infrastructure. Register here Space Commercialisation and Tech Summit Join techUK on 25 April for a convergence of established satellite companies and pioneering space start-ups at an event where you’ll network with the brightest minds shaping the future of the UK space industry. Register now Our focus Shaping policy From economic policy to skills and diversity, we work with members to develop a comprehensive policy platform with clear asks of government. Our relationship with government and regulators helps create the right market conditions for technology to flourish. Accelerating innovation We explore the applications of emerging technologies and champion their use. From cloud and 5G to artificial intelligence and quantum, we analyse the significance and opportunity of new tech and identify how they fit into the thriving UK tech ecosystem. Developing markets We identify where technology can power progress and advance innovation. From financial services to health and social care, we help the tech sector and its customers understand how technology can improve productivity, facilitate growth and overcome challenges. Become a techUK member Our members develop strong networks, build meaningful partnerships and grow their businesses as we all work together to create a thriving environment where industry, government and stakeholders come together to realise the positive outcomes tech can deliver. Learn more Upcoming events 3 November 2023 – 5 April 2024 Cyber Resilience Programme Industry Briefing - November 2023 to April 2024 Online Partner event 5 March 2024 Beyond the hype: How to operationalize AI Webinar 5 March 2024 Australia’s tech-based transition to net zero Webinar 5 March 2024 The Digital Landline Switchover and Local Authorities London and Online Hybrid 5 March 2024 Partner event: South West Innovation Expo Exeter Partner event 5 March 2024 Cloud adoption and modernisation for SMEs, start-ups and scale-ups. Online Webinar 6 – 7 March 2024 Tech Show London 2024 London Partner event 6 March 2024 CCS DOS 6 and DSP Replacement Market Engagement event Online Webinar 6 – 7 March 2024 Space-Comm Expo 2024 Conference See more events Latest news 05 Mar 2024 Diversity in Tech: Strategies for Inclusivity in Digital Careers Mayur Vira explores the challenges posed by the diversity gap 05 Mar 2024 10 Ways CIOs Can Gear Up for 2024 (Guest blog from Rackspace Technology) How can CIOs create a more robust, secure and modernised enterprise in 2024? Industry views 05 Mar 2024 Let’s Talk A Culture of Equity In The Workplace Samuel Ajiboyede explores equity culture, and how well businesses are achieving it 05 Mar 2024 How to support career progression for a diverse range of technology professionals Amanda Whicher, Director at Hays specialising in Public Services Technology, explores how employers can ensure equal opportunities for their diverse teams to progress their careers. 05 Mar 2024 A genuine approach to diversity in tech Sarah Adefehinti discusses the complications behind diversity policy. 05 Mar 2024 Breaking Gender Bias in the Workplace: Creating Inclusive Environment Strategies to bring in equal opportunities and support your team. Building an inclusive and highly efficient workplace for all. 05 Mar 2024 The perils of Mindless Mindfulness: How to actively support mental health A commentary on the state of mental health support in the tech industry and a guide to what employers can do to actively help their employees. 05 Mar 2024 AND She Leads: Shan Beerstecher AND’s Chief of Group Marketing Shan Beerstecher shares how a South African upbringing made her an activist and disruptor. She discusses the value of fresh perspectives, self-awareness, and the challenges that persist for women in the tech sector. And she explains why, when it comes to successful transformation, “cultural transformation is the key; tech is the sideshow.” 05 Mar 2024 Inspiring and empowering women in tech Sopra Steria tell us about the success of their Women’s Inclusive Network Industry views All insights Our ambition is fuelled by our commitment to showing the power of technology to fuel progress, deliver results and enhance lives. Watch this video to see what inspires techUK. techUK is not only bringing together an industry that is changing the face of society – the way we live, the way we work – but it’s also giving the industry an ability to listen to society too. Lord Kulveer Ranger techUK Board member Through our techUK membership we’ve been able to work collaboratively with industry peers to successfully advocate for a future regulatory and legislative regime that will help unleash the full potential of the UK’s cyber security industry. This, in turn, has improved our insights into the UK’s ever-evolving technology ecosystem, and national and international priorities, which helps us support the current and future needs of our global customer base. Kat Sommer, Group Head of Corporate Strategy & Public Affairs NCC Group techUK has created a highly effective and compelling platform for the industry to communicate and collaborate. Ashish Julka, Sector Head, Secure Government Services Mastek techUK newsletter Sign-up to receive our newsletters covering news, events, training and engagement opportunities across all our programmes exploring tech markets, policy and innovation. Sign-up here techUK is a living wage employer Registered in England number 1200318 techUK is the trade association which brings together people, companies and organisations to realise the positive outcomes of what digital technology can achieve. With around 1,000 members (the majority of which are SMEs) across the UK, techUK creates a network for innovation and collaboration across business, government and stakeholders to provide a better future for people, society, the economy and the planet. By providing expertise and insight, we support our members, partners and stakeholders as they prepare the UK for what comes next in a constantly changing world. © 2024 Copyright Contact us Terms Privacy Policy Articles of Association Modern Slavery Policy Design & Development by Pixl8 Membership software by ReadyMembership