Digital identity made simple | Onfido English Español Italiano Français Take a tour Blog Support Sign in Our solutions All The Real Identity Platform Build trust with your customers using a flexible, end-to-end identity verification platform. The Real Identity Platform Take a tour Book a meeting Try for free All products Airside Mobile Verify once, share anywhere. Onfido Studio Orchestrate verifications and signals into easy-to-manage workflows. Onfido Atlas™ Get fair, fast, and accurate results with AI. Smart Capture SDK Integrate an exceptional capture experience. Verification Suite Access a library of verifications and fraud signals. Verification Suite Document verification Biometric verification Data verification Fraud detection Compliance Suite Challenges we solve All Challenges All Customer acquisitionDrive growth using automated onboarding. Global complianceNavigate regulatory compliance in each region. Cost of customer acquisitionAutomate onboarding processes to reduce costs. Fraud preventionPrevent fraud to protect your business and customers. Customer use cases Use cases All KYCNavigate know your customer compliance. Identity verificationCreate confidence in user identity. Driver registrationMeet regulatory needs and protect your fleet. User onboardingAutomate onboarding and maximize conversion. Age verificationVerify a customer’s legal age. Related content All EU KYC requirements guide Guide to digital identity verification Identity fraud report Industries All Industries All Industries we partner with Financial servicesAutomate onboarding, prevent fraud, and navigate KYC. GamingSeamlessly onboard players and meet KYC requirements. HealthcareKnow your patient using digital verification. Sharing economyProtect your platform, reputation, and users. Retail & eCommercePrevent account takeover and chargeback fraud. TelecommunicationsMeet regulatory requirements and stop fraud. TransportVerify renters, drivers, and riders. Financial services in depth All Enhance customer engagement with digital banking Identity verification for traditional banks Onboarding for digital-first banks KYC for remittance services eKYC for lending services Our company All About Onfido All Supported documents About Onfido Partners Leadership Certifications Learn more All Why Onfido? Press Careers Featured partnership All SalesforceLearn how our partnership embeds identity verification directly in Salesforce. Latest customer story All LemonwayLearn how Lemonway has doubled its number of validated wallets and accounts. Resources All Resources All BlogRead about all things digital identity. Customer storiesLearn how businesses succeed with Onfido. Reports & whitepapersGet in-depth research, insights, and guidance. VideosWatch expert videos. WebinarsWatch our webinars. For developersEverything you need to get started with Onfido. All Developer hub API reference Release notes Support All Knowledge base Customer success & professional services Get in touch Try for free KYC AML Supported documents All products Interactive tour ROI calculator Fraud report Financial services Close Read press release Onfido enters into exclusive discussions with Entrust, a global leader in trusted payments, identities, and data security, about a potential acquisition subject to required legal steps. Read press release Dismiss Digital identity made simple Create trust at onboarding and beyond with a complete, AI-powered digital identity solution built to help you know your customers online. Automation allows you to acquire new customers and reduce costs while meeting global KYC and AML compliance. Get in touch See how it works Discover the impact financial fraud has on KYC and AML compliance in this virtual chat. Register now. Digital identity made simple Create trust at onboarding and beyond with a complete, AI-powered digital identity solution built to help you know your customers online. Automation allows you to acquire new customers and reduce costs while meeting global KYC and AML compliance. Get in touch See how it works Discover the impact financial fraud has on KYC and AML compliance in this virtual chat. Register now. Trusted by 1000+ global businesses How can Onfido help your business? Onboard more customers Make a great first impression using our Smart Capture SDK with automated identity verification powered by Atlas™ AI. Drive growth Navigate compliance Satisfy global and local regulatory compliance, including KYC, AML, and age verification requirements. Meet compliance Prevent advanced fraud Stop identity fraud using award-winning document and biometric verifications, data sources, and passive fraud detection signals. Prevent fraud Reduce cost and complexity Automate onboarding to reduce the cost of customer acquisition. It’s easy to orchestrate journeys that make verification simple. Reduce costs Our solution The Real Identity Platform Put digital trust at the core of every customer interaction. Powered by fast, fair, and accurate AI, the Real Identity Platform brings together a global suite of identity verifications and signals into an easy-to-use orchestration studio. Explore the platform Verification Suite Verify customer identities using a library of award-winning document and biometric verifications, trusted data sources, and passive fraud signals. Document Verification Biometric Verification Data Verification Fraud Detection Explore Verification Suite Onfido Studio Orchestrate digital identity verification and fraud prevention journeys that present the right verifications at the right moments — no code required. Explore Onfido Studio Atlas™ AI Automate onboarding, KYC compliance, and identity verification with the power of Onfido Atlas™, our award-winning AI technology developed in-house over 10 years. Explore Onfido Atlas™ Smart Capture SDK Deliver an exceptional, bias-free identity verification experience for your customers using Onfido Smart Capture, our easy-to-integrate SDK built with accessibility in mind. Explore Smart Capture Real Identity Platform tour Take a tour Product innovation Flexible compliance package Meet complex local regulatory needs and remotely onboard customers across Europe with an off-the-shelf compliance solution. Onfido’s Compliance Suite combines ETSI-certified identity verification with Qualified Electronic Signature (QES) and One-time Password (OTP) to offer simple, seamless, and eIDAS-compliant onboarding. Compliance Suite Developer resources Built by developers for developers Take advantage of detailed documentation, product guides, API libraries, and reference materials that help you get up and running with ease. Developer Hub Get everything you need to configure and integrate with the Onfido Real Identity Platform. Explore resources API reference Make integration quick and efficient using our comprehensive technical reference guides. Get documentation Professional Services Our integration and success teams’ mission is to deliver maximum value for our customer. Learn more Recognized as a leader With more than a decade of identity verification, fraud detection, and AI development experience, Onfido is recognized as a global technology leader providing automated digital identity and authentication solutions. Leading Vendor: Account Opening Financial Services Liminal Link Index 2023 Read report Best AI product in FinTech CogX 2022 Learn more Identity Verification Leader G2 Fall 2023 Learn more Identity Verification Momentum Leader G2 Fall 2023 Learn more Biometric Authentication Leader G2 Fall 2023 Learn more Anti-money Laundering Leader G2 Fall 2023 Learn more Europe Fraud Detection Leader G2 Fall 2023 Learn more Users Love Us G2 Learn more Company of the Year Award for Identity Verification Solutions Frost & Sullivan, 2023 Learn more Security Orchestration Solution of the Year CyberSecurity Breakthrough Award 2022 Best Innovation in Computer Vision CogX 2023 We required a quick, tactical solution that did not involve expensive IT engineering costs. Onfido Studio was perfect as it was an ‘off-the-shelf’ product that we could plug into our application process but without integrating it fully into our mainframe systems. Darren Prescott, Senior Manager Current Accounts & Credit Cards, The Co-Operative Bank Partnering with Onfido has helped us deliver a premium onboarding experience for new customers while enabling us to meet strict KYC requirements. The sheer scale of Onfido’s identity verification has accelerated our strategic growth targets, supporting over 40,000 identity checks daily. Hasan Luongo, VP of Global Marketing, Chipper Cash Read the Chipper Cash story We want to give every customer a quick set-up, a smooth experience, and powerful credit access. That starts at onboarding — with Onfido, we have a fast, accurate, and human-less way to verify our customers, enabling our compliance at scale. Eric Suen, Vice President of Technology, DBS Read the DBS Bank story With Onfido Studio, Access Group is creating a superior user journey, modifying the way candidates can prove their identity digitally. We went to full production in just four weeks, providing over 3,000 identity verification checks for Right to Work screenings in the two weeks that followed, with the agility of Studio to scale our operation. Colin Whipp, Head of Account Management, The Access Group Read The Access Group story We're pleased to be part of this new approach, powering background checks and screening thanks to our partnership with Onfido. By providing the highest levels of identity proofing, applicants are able to prove their status and manage onboarding processes wherever they are and at a time to suit them. The days of photocopying and in-person manual review are now in the past. Callum Murray, CEO, Amiqus Read the press release View all customer stories What’s new? Keep up to date with identity insights and resources All resources Blog Dedication to diversity, equity, and inclusion at Onfido Read more Video Inside the Fraud Lab | Deepfakes and the black mirror approach Read more Blog EU Anti-Money Laundering Directive (AMLD) guide Read more Blog eIDAS: The history and significance of eIDAS regulation Read more Blog Onfido Customer Experience Portal: self-service customer problems and questions Read more Blog Are you ready for AI-generated fake IDs? Read more Ready to get started? Our identity experts are available to talk through your requirements, answer questions, and set up a demo. Contact us Try for free Onfido uses 256-bit SSL encryption 100% of the time on every device. Onfido is SOC 2 Type II compliant. Onfido has been certified by Controlcase to ISO 27001 under certificate number IS CCIL-K2821-1-2023-001 Solutions Real Identity Platform Verification Suite Onfido Studio Onfido Atlas Smart Capture SDK Challenges we solve Compliance Customer acquisition Reducing cost of acquisition Fraud prevention Industries Financial services Gaming Healthcare Marketplaces & communities Retail & eCommerce Telecommunications Transport Our company About Onfido Why Onfido? Onfido partners Certifications Leadership Press Contact us Airside Resources Blog Supported documents Developer hub API reference Release notes Support Sign in Follow us Back to top © Onfido, 2024. All rights reserved. Company registration number: 07479524. Service status Privacy Policy Website and B2B Privacy Policy Security and Compliance Cookie and SDK Policy Terms of Use Anti Modern Slavery Statement Responsible Security Bug Disclosure Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Impostazioni della privacy Paramètres de confidentialité La configuración de privacidad