Splitit: Installment Buy Now Pay Later Services for Business Shopper Business Investors How it works Help Our products E-commerce installmentsOwn the end-to-end journey with our white-label installments.Find out more VPOS InstallmentsIn-person, over-the-phone, and online installment solutions.Find out more Pay after deliveryBoost trust and conversion by offering your customers to pay after delivery.Find out more Who we serve Partnerships E-commerce Platforms Payment Service Providers Tech Providers ISO/ISV Industries Automotive Education Healthcare Home & Furniture Home Services Luxury Jewelry Services Sports & Outdoor Travel Other industries Resources Getting Started Getting Started SAP Commerce Cloud Plugin Shopify App Resources Blog News Success Stories Developers Contact Sales News & Publications News & Publications ASX Announcements Events & Webinars Results & Presentations Quarterly Reports Annual Reports News Shareholders Shareholders Share Registry & ADR Information Share Price Information Notices Governance Governance Executive Team Board & Committees Policies & Charters Login Shopper portal Merchant portal INVESTOR UPDATE: Splitit - Primary Markets Update ✕ Business Shopper Splitit Our products E-commerce installmentsOwn the end-to-end journey with our white-label installments.Find out more VPOS InstallmentsIn-person, over-the-phone, and online installment solutions.Find out more Pay after deliveryBoost trust and conversion by offering your customers to pay after delivery.Find out more Who we serve Partnerships E-commerce Platforms Payment Service Providers Tech Providers ISO/ISV Industries Automotive Education Healthcare Home & Furniture Home Services Luxury Jewelry Services Sports & Outdoor Travel Other industries Resources Getting Started Getting Started SAP Commerce Cloud Plugin Shopify App Resources Blog News Success Stories Developers Contact Sales Card-attached Installments Embedded into your existing checkout flow Contact sales E-commerce Installments Own the end-to-end journey with our white-label installments. Find out more VPOS Installments In-person, over-the-phone, and online installment solutions. Find out more Pay after delivery Boost trust and conversion by offering your customers to pay after delivery. Find out more Installments-as-a-Service Empowering the entire payments value-chain Splitit powers the next generation of Buy Now, Pay Later (BNPL) through our merchant-branded Installments-as-a-Service platform. We solve the challenges businesses face with legacy BNPL while unlocking BNPL at the point of sale for card networks, issuers and acquirers, all through a single network API. Partner with Splitit Consumer Splitit enables consumers to shop more responsibly. There’s no added debt, interest or hidden fees, plus they get all the benefits of paying with their existing credit card, including rewards, transaction insurance and protection against fraud. Merchant Our white-label plugin allows merchants to nurture and retain their customers, driving loyalty and promoting brand consistency. Splitit’s zero-friction checkout drives the highest conversion and the highest approval rates. Processor Our easy to implement single global API enables merchants to use their existing processor and existing back office, allowing the payment processors to retain their merchant relationships. Network Splitit’s technology leverages the existing global credit card payment rails, seamlessly integrating installments at the checkout and enabling networks to play a part in the installments value-chain. Issuer Splitit’s white-label, issuer agnostic, solution allows more issuers to be part of the installment payments process and not be forced out by the fintechs and the larger banks. Our industries Home & Furniture View → Sport & Outdoor View → Jewelry View → Luxury View → Education View → Automotive View → Services View → Other industries View → AliExpress Google James Allen Canyon Byte Nectar Gem Shopping Network Vestiaire Collective Ableton LinkedInTwitter Shopper Login Help & Support Business Login Help & Support About Us Our Story Investors Partnerships Blog News Careers PCI DSS Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions What are you looking for? We have lots of helpful articles, answers, and guides. Search and you shall receive. Search for: