Canadian Legal Information Institute | CanLII This website uses cookies to various ends, as detailed in our Privacy Policy. You may accept all these cookies or choose only those categories of cookies that are acceptable to you. Manage your cookies Accept all cookies × Manage your cookies Cookies are saved on your device to ensure proper operation and security of the website, help statistical analysis of its usage, improve its functionality, or record navigational choices you make. Further details can be found in the cookies section of CanLII's Privacy Policy. A few cookies are strictly necessary to use CanLII and are always active. Cookies that are used to measure performance or improve functionality can be enabled using the buttons below. Reset all cookies Accept all cookies Strictly necessary cookies Always active These cookies are necessary for the operation of the website and cannot be deactivated. They enable the basic operation of the site and prevent abusive access. Performance cookies Témoins de performance These cookies collect anonymous data about users' visits to the site. This data is used to measure site performance and improve search functions. Functionality cookies Témoins de fonctionnalité These cookies record your browsing preferences, for example by storing your browsing language or your myCanLII account login. Targeting cookies Not applicable We do not use cookies to establish your profile or target you for advertising purposes. Accept selection Français English Search all databases Primary law Canada (Federal) British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan Manitoba Ontario Quebec New Brunswick Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island Newfoundland and Labrador Yukon Northwest Territories Nunavut Commentary Books, articles, reports and more... 2024-03-04 Can Veterans Affairs Disability Pension be Excluded from Income for Support Purposes?: Blaskavitch v Smith, 2023 ONSC 2133 (CanLII) 2024-03-04 Preliminary Thoughts on the Implications of the Children, Youth and Families Reference for the Lands Reserved Head of Section 91(24): Reference re An Act respecting First Nations, Inuit and Métis children, youth and families, 2024 SCC 5 (CanLII) 2024-03-04 Riopel c. Centre intégré de santé et de services sociaux des Laurentides (Analyse IA de l'affaire): Riopel c. Centre intégré de santé et de services sociaux des Laurentides, 2024 QCCA 210 (CanLII) 2024-03-01 R. c. Lévesque (Analyse IA de l'affaire): R. c. Lévesque, 2022 QCCA 510 (CanLII) News The CanLII Blog 2024-02-15 AI Summarization Projects and More in 2024 2024-02-08 What’s Hot on CanLII? 🔥 – January 2024 2023-12-11 What’s Hot on CanLII? 🔥 – November 2023 Back to top ABOUT What is CanLII Board of Directors Contact Us INFORMATION Terms of Use Privacy Policy Primary Law Databases CanLII Authors Program TOOLS RSS Feeds APIs myCanLII Manage your cookies HELP Frequently Asked Questions Search Help RefLex Citator Legislation Help CanLII Guides Follow us DarkLII By Thank you for taking the time to send us your questions and comments. We at CanLII hope to improve the services we offer by ensuring that they are as practical and efficient as possible. Please come back if you have any more feedback for us. Your input is greatly appreciated. Successfully submitted Quick Survey Quick Survey × Rate your experience on CanLII today Please rate your experience before submitting. How can we improve CanLII for you? Don't show again Submit