ATD | The World's Largest Talent Development Association | ATD Talent Development Leader A Learning Culture Under Construction By Donald Stanley Monday, February 26, 2024 1 Webinar Powering Learning Operations: L&D’s Impact on Business Outcomes Register ATD Blog Looking to Hire a Coach? By Jen Paragas Monday, February 26, 2024 0 ATD Blog Why Subtitles Often Hinder Learning By Jared Cooney Horvath, PhD, MEd Wednesday, February 28, 2024 5 ATD Blog L&D Skills for 2024 and Beyond By Laurel Schulert Thursday, February 22, 2024 1 Featured Offering Limited Seats Are Still Available Act fast to secure your spot in one of ATD’s March live online certificate programs before they’re full! Take advantage of this opportunity to earn a valuable ATD certificate, develop new capabilities, and take the next step in your career. Register Now Upcoming Online Courses Instructional Design Certificate Mar 18-29, 2024 Add to Cart Coaching Certificate Mar 11-23, 2024 Add to Cart ATD Master Trainer® Program Apr 01-May 25, 2024 Add to Cart Training & Facilitation Certificate Mar 18-29, 2024 Add to Cart Evaluating Learning Impact Certificate Mar 12-14, 2024 Add to Cart Measuring Return on Investment Certificate Program Mar 12-22, 2024 Add to Cart Search All Courses Press Release TDBoK™ Guide: Talent Development Body of Knowledge Defines Best Practices for the Talent Development Industry Tuesday, March 5, 2024 (Alexandria, VA) March 5, 2024—The Association for Talent Development (ATD) announces the release of the second edition of the TDBoK™ Guide: Talent Development Body of Knowledge, a comprehensive collection of talent development (TD) concepts, definitions, methodologies, and examples that lays ... 0 ATD Blog Upskilling for Success: Key Skills Employees Want to Master By Christina Gialleli Christina Gialleli Washington, DC Epignosis 11Followers 6Following Monday, March 4, 2024 New tech has entered the room. And the modern workplace is changing fast.This shift means that people need to learn new skills more often—a recent TalentLMS survey demonstrates this. Fifty-seven percent of employees claim skills don’t last as long as ... 0 AK Monday, March 04, 2024 Amelia Kate commented on... ATD Blog Digital Experiential Training: The Future for Engaging, Scalable, and Customized Learning By Philipp Seiler Thursday, February 29, 2024 The world of learning and development (L&D) has been a hotbed of innovation, witnessing significant advancements in recent years. From digital-first strategies to integrating artificial... 1 Sponsored by ATD Blog Improving Onboarding in Pharmaceutical Manufacturing By Christian Torstensson Christian Torstensson Thursday, February 29, 2024 Many challenges are affecting the pharmaceutical industry labor market, specifically in manufacturing. Fewer graduates in applicable fields, a large pre-existing vacancy in skilled positions, and a significant predicted growth rate of new jobs in the industry all contribute to our ... 0 Sponsored by ATD Blog Go Beyond Compliance Training: How an LMS Can Drive a Learning Culture By Chris Coffman Chris Coffman Seattle, WA Bridge 6Following Wednesday, February 28, 2024 Uncover the ways a dedicated learning platform can create a culture of engaged learners and enhance your development programs beyond mandatory training.Every organization requires training to meet regulatory requirements and keep employees up to date with laws and legislation.For some, ... 0 See More Featured Videos Toolbox Tip: Getting Started with Genially Moe Ash introduces how to use Genially, the interactive content design tool for teams. Genially is an interactive content design tool for teams. Create media-rich, animated, and irresistibly... 0 How to Be an Exceptional Executive Coach with Dr. Nadine Greiner and Becky Davis In this episode of ATD's Talent Development Leader podcast, Dr. Nadine Greiner and Becky Davis, executive coaches and co-authors of the ATD Press book, Executive Coaching Playbook: How to Launch, Run... 0 Welcome to ATD Dive into the world of ATD! The Association for Talent Development is a professional membership organization supporting professionals who develop the knowledge, skills, and abilities of employees;... 0 You Might Be Interested In Conference ATD 2024 International Conference & EXPO ATD24 brings together passionate L&D professionals from across the globe for a transformative experience. Learn More Education Find Your Next Course in Our Latest Catalog Explore our full lineup of courses in our latest Education Course Catalog to enhance your professional learning, develop new capabilities, or close skills gaps. Search Courses Membership Put the Power of ATD Membership on Your Side Get 12 months of ready-to-use resources and support when you join ATD. Join ATD Today About ATD The Association for Talent Development (ATD) is a professional membership organization supporting those who develop the knowledge and skills of employees in organizations around the world. The association was previously known as ASTD. Learn More About ATD You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.