Have a problem with alcohol? There is a solution. | Alcoholics Anonymous Skip to main content Search x Submit Common Searches: Meetings Anonymity Steps Traditions Concepts Committees Super Navigation Find A.A. Near You Make a Contribution Online Bookstore Select your language EnglishEspañolFrançais Mega Menu I am... Left Looking for help with a drinking problem An A.A. member Trying to help a family member or friend A professional working with alcoholics Right Take a Self-Assessment About A.A. Left What is A.A.? A.A. and Anonymity The Big Book 12 Steps and 12 Traditions Book A.A. Around the World Right Learn more about meetings The Twelve Steps The Twelve Traditions The Twelve Concepts History of A.A. Online Archives Exhibits Inside A.A. Left Participating in A.A. The A.A. Group Service Committees Contributions and Self-Support The General Service Office GSO Archives Right What's New Information for new trusted servants Regional and Local Forums International Convention 2022 Membership Survey Resources Left Literature Media Library Meeting Guide app AA Grapevine and La Viña A.A. Board Calendars Right Audio PSA Downloads Downloadable Videos Newsletters Press and Media FAQ Contact us Daily Reflections Search Find AA Near You Select your language EnglishEspañolFrançais Menu Search Have a problem with alcohol? There is a solution. A.A. has a simple program that works. It’s based on one alcoholic helping another. Learn More Find A.A. Near You Coordinates Latitude Longitude State or Province, Town or Zip Code Distance Distance in Miles 2025 A.A. International Convention in Vancouver, BC, Canada Learn More I Am... Looking for help with a drinking problem An A.A member Trying to help a family member or friend A professional working with alcoholics Sobriety in AA: When drinking is no longer a party Play Need help with a drinking problem? A.A. has a solution. That isn't an empty promise. A.A. has been helping alcoholics recover for more than 80 years. A.A.'s program of recovery is built on the simple foundation of one alcoholic sharing with another. If your drinking is out of control, A.A. can help. Learn More Not sure you have a problem? Take a Self-Assessment Learn More About A.A. What is A.A. The Big Book 12 Steps & 12 Traditions Frequently Asked Questions Recommended Resources hear members share about recovery living sober this is A.A. more newcomer resources Your General Service Office (G.S.O.), the Grapevine and the General Service Structure Play Copyright © 2020 by Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Ready to get involved in A.A.? A.A. members work together to help the alcoholic who still suffers. Helping each other is a key to staying sober. There are many opportunities to participate in a variety of ways. The best place to start getting involved is through an A.A. group. Participating in a group helps ensure that when a person reaches out for help, A.A. will be available. Learn More Dive into information on service in A.A. A.A. SERVICE COMMITTEES > Learn More About A.A. Service about a.a. groups service committees anonymity in a.a. contributions and self-support Recommended Resources questions & answers on sponsorship circles of love and service a.a. service manual member resources Sobriety in AA: Since getting sober, I have hope Play Is there an alcoholic in your life? If someone you care about has a drinking problem, A.A. might have a solution for them. A.A. has helped more than two million alcoholics stop drinking. Recovery works through one alcoholic sharing their experience with another. Learn More Want to talk to someone about A.A.? CONTACT A.A. NEAR YOU Learn More About A.A. what is a.a.? the big book 12 steps Recommended Resources is there an alcoholic in your life? a brief guide to a.a. frequently asked questions about a.a. AA Video for Legal and Corrections Professionals Play A.A. Can Support Professionals Professionals who work with alcoholics share a common purpose with A.A.: to help the alcoholic stop drinking. A.A. members are available to provide A.A. meetings or information about A.A. upon request. Learn More Connect with local A.A.s CONTACT A.A. NEAR YOU Learn More About A.A. what is a.a.? the big book 12 steps see all professional resources Recommended Resources for the health care professional for alcohol & drug court professionals understanding anonymity Daily Reflections Calendar No Reflection on this day. No Reflection on this day. Ready for your first Meeting? Here's what to expect. Anyone with a desire to stop drinking is welcome, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, income or profession. And it’s free. You can just sit and listen and learn more about recovery, or you can share about your situation. It’s completely up to you. Join others on the road to recovery Find A.A. Near You Learn more about meetings Subscribe to our Newsletters These newsletters include information about A.A. history and current activities; sharing from groups, service committees, and individual A.A. members; and notices of upcoming events. Learn More Back to Top Footer Top Menu The Big Book 12 Steps and 12 Traditions AAGrapevine.org Meeting Guide App What's New Footer Center Menu Need help with a drinking problem? About GSO Newsletters Board Calendar Contact Us This is the official Website of the General Service Office (GSO) of Alcoholics Anonymous. Videos or graphic images may not be downloaded, copied or duplicated without the express written permission of Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc. “Alcoholics Anonymous” and the “Blue People” graphic are registered trademarks of Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2024 by Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc. All rights reserved Footer Bottom Menu FAQ Press & Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use