Home | Loughborough University Skip to content Skip to primary global navigation Skip to secondary global navigation Skip to site navigation Loughborough University Toggle global mobile menu Toggle global search Search Go Choose a location to search All Undergraduate courses Master's degrees PhD opportunities Students Staff Alumni Jobs Study Research and Innovation Sport News and events About Home University home Loughborough University Make change happen for a better future Funded and self-funded PhDs available now Apply now Search courses Go Undergraduate study We have a fantastic range of undergraduate courses to choose from. Browse our courses for 2025 entry and explore what Loughborough has to offer. Postgraduate study Enhance your knowledge, expand your skills and advance your career with a postgraduate degree from Loughborough. Culture and Creativity Strategic Plan We believe that culture and creativity should be an essential part of all our lives. Culture enriches our understanding and appreciation of the world, introduces us to new ideas and new ways of living, and supports our mental health and wellbeing. Through a high-quality cultural and creative offer, we will enhance our student and staff experience, our marketing, recruitment, and research; and add value to our local community and environment. Fighting bacteria with nanoscale technology Our Materials experts are developing films with enhanced antimicrobial properties – helping to combat MRSA infections in healthcare settings How digital waste is polluting the planet Digital waste is a growing problem, with organisations collecting and storing more data than ever before. What is the environmental cost of dark, redundant, obsolete, or trivial data, and how can organisations reduce their digital waste footprint? DECODE – combining AI with the human touch Our experts are working alongside people with learning disabilities, carers and health professionals to develop health and social care coordination that is fit for purpose and suits the community’s needs. Transforming global rehabilitation outcomes Loughborough’s world-leading research and expertise to play a key role in pioneering innovative new approaches to rehabilitation with the UK's first National Rehabilitation Centre Reinforced Autoclaved Aerated Concrete (RAAC) The world needs to learn how to live with RAAC, and we are providing the research-based answers on how to do it. How can we produce fuels and chemicals without costing the earth? Finding new ways to convert biowaste into fuel sources and essential items so we can live sustainably, in a post-petrochemical world. Leading the way in Para sport research Creating more opportunities in Para sport, helping make history. The urgent need for a net zero built environment Curbing global warming is probably the biggest challenge we face – and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s latest report highlights the urgency with which we need to act. Predicting and preventing the impacts of flooding Rolling out innovative IoT technology that enables individuals and communities to build resilience against the impacts of flooding. News and events Media centre News and resources for journalists, including our list of media friendly experts. Flux: A new sculpture for Claudia Parsons 5 March 2024 Alumna Caudery wins “unbelievable” world title in Glasgow 4 March 2024 Politics students named ambassadors for the Vibrant and Inclusive Communities Strategic Theme 4 March 2024 Understanding how the brain works can transform how school students learn maths 1 March 2024 5 Mar Women in Sport: Coffee and cake catch up 6 Mar IAS Seminar: ‘Militant Africa’ in the Twentieth Century... 6 Mar Progress to Postgrad 6 Mar IMS Women's Super Series Final - EmpowerHER at Loughborough More news and events World-leading Research One of the top 20 research-led universities in the country, Loughborough is renowned for the relevance of its work, driven by society’s need for solutions to real-life issues. Business and enterprise Collaborations Develop your organisation by partnering us in research, consultancy, new technologies and services and recruiting high calibre students and graduates for placements or employment. World-class Sport Unrivalled sporting reputation offering excellence in research and teaching, and opportunities from recreational activities up to the highest levels of elite performance. Study Study Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Research degrees London campus Order prospectus Open days How to apply Admission policies and procedures Using our site / legal Using our site / legal Accessibility Privacy and cookies Legal information Ethical principles Modern slavery statement Freedom of information Explore Explore Our Strategy Working for us International Schools and departments Professional services Library University Governance Giving to Loughborough Media Centre Students and staff Students and staff Current students and staff LEARN Fees, Funding and Money Pay your fees Locations Locations Loughborough University Find us Campus map Contact us Loughborough University London Find us Contact us Facebook X Instagram TikTok YouTube LinkedIn Back to top Copyright © 2024 Loughborough University. All rights reserved.