Homepage - NCH HARVEST Skip to main content Search for: Menu Log In Contact Us Listen To Our Podcast About NCH Who We Are Our History Financials Board Careers Contact Us Technical Assistance Local Power Tour Leadership Conference Homelessness in the US Statistics & General Information Research By Topic Domestic Violence Civil Rights & Criminalization of Homelessness Elder Homelessness Employment & Income Families, Youth & Education Health Care LGBTQ Homelessness Lived Experience Racial Equity Violence & Victimatization Voting Lived Experience Testimonials Lived Experience Training Academy (LETA) Technical Assistance Faces of Homelessness Speakers’ Bureau Get Involved Donate Our Campaigns Become a Member Volunteer Request a Speaker Other Ways to Give or Get Involved Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week Homeless Persons Memorial Day News & Events Donate Listen To Our Podcast Contact Us Listen To Our Podcast describes it from a functional perspective BUILDING A MOVEMENT TO END HOMELESSNESS Join the Movement The National Coalition for the Homeless We envision a world where everyone has a safe, decent, affordable and accessible home. Our mission is to prevent and end homelessness while ensuring the immediate needs of those experiencing homelessness are met and their civil rights protected. We believe that safe, decent, and affordable housing is a human right (as written in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article Twenty-Five, Section One). OUR RESOURCES Need Help? If you are not homeless yet, it may be possible to avoid becoming homeless by finding out about prevention or emergency assistance programs in your area. Often these programs can help in paying rent, utilities, or bills. If you are homeless now, emergency assistance programs may help with health care, food, and temporary, transitional, or permanent housing. Places to look for help read more If you may become homeless in a few weeks read more If you may become homeless in a few days read more What we do Donate TodayOther Ways to get involvedBring America Home Now Campaign Our Direction comes from personal experience with being unhoused and using homeless and housing services – 80% of our staff and 60% of our Board have experienced homelessness themselves. We advise federal, state, and local governments and agencies on improving their programs and systems so they work better for people needing assistance. We work to end homelessness by addressing the underlying issues of racist housing policy, disinvestment in affordable housing, and other policies that have created sustained and growing inequalities. We provide training and support to ensure the voices of those who have been unhoused are heard and respected. Donate TodayOther Ways to get involvedBring America Home Now Campaign Donald Hugh Whitehead Jr. is recognized as a leading expert on homelessness, having served as the Executive Director of the Greater Cincinnati Coalition for the Homeless, Assistant Director at St. Vincent de Paul of Baltimore, Program Director at Ohio Valley Goodwill, Grant Manager at Goodwill of Greater Washington, and Director of Communications at Greenpeace Ohio. Donald served two terms as President of the Board of Directors for the National Coalition for the Homeless, two terms on the Board of Directors for Faces and Voices of Recovery, and two terms on the Georgetown Center for Cultural Competency. Donald Whitehead, Executive Director Kelvin was raised in a middle class family in the suburbs of Washington, DC. Life challenged him early. The death of his mother sent Kelvin into a very dark space fueling a drug addiction. Nearly three years of homelessness challenged him further. Just when Kelvin considered giving up, a minister entered his life that believed in him and decided to help him. Reverend J.C. Melvin worked with Kelvin and helped him with recovery. In 2009, Kelvin began his homeless advocacy with the National Coalition for the Homeless. He also wrote and self-published two self-help books. Kelvin and his wife of 15 years currently reside in Washington, DC. Kelvin Lassiter, Policy Analyst L. Michelle Bush recently joined the National Coalition for the Homeless as grant manager. Her previous affiliation with the organization was as a formerly homeless speaker on the speaker’s bureau some 20 years ago. A Washington DC native, Bush has a professional background in finance, management, operations, and training in the corporate, public, and private sectors. She has worked with the Baltimore City Government, Make-A-Wish Foundation of Middle Tennessee, National Civic League, RE/Max, and the US Department of Health and Human Services, among others. Through her consulting practice, she has helped to start many thriving businesses. A woman of many talents, triumphs and defeats, Bush is an energetic preacher-teacher and motivator who pastors an online church fellowship from the inner city. In the summer, she hosts a seasonal specialty product showcase featuring minority-owned businesses. Bush is a mother of 3 talented young adults and “Nana” to two geniuses. L. Michelle Bush, Grants Manager How You Can Make A Difference Why Become a Member? In recent years, federal policy has been driven by narrow interest groups instead of demanding that funding address homelessness on a national scale. Join NCH as a member to be a part of pushing for the resources we actually need to house our communities! Become a member Want your group to hear directly from someone impacted by homelessness? Click here to request an NCH Speaker Advocate! Request a Speaker News & Events Click for upcoming NCH and partner events, or read the latest news in policy related to poverty and homelessness. Contact (202) 462-4822 if you would like your event to be posted. About Homelessness December 21, 2023 National Coalition for the Homeless Highlights Alarming Increases in Homelessness and Calls for Urgent Action in the Wake of HUD AHAR Report We are deeply concerned about the recent findings presented in the Department of Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) Annual... Civil Rights July 20, 2023 Design Against Humanity We have witnessed many examples of hostile architecture in the five cities visited so far on the Local Power... About Homelessness July 28, 2009 The musings of a Hunger Fellow Steph Whitaker has been with NCH for the past 5 months as the Bill Emerson Hunger Fellow. Her time... About Homelessness June 16, 2010 We are Still the Same Here at the National Coalition for the Homeless, co-workers and I were discussing the laws against panhandling that have... About Homelessness June 28, 2010 Senator Robert Byrd, Homeless Advocate Too! By Michael Stoops, Director of Community Organizing The McKinney Act was the first major federal program to provide funds... Explore all News & Events ALWAYS STAY UP-TO-DATE. Sign up for our Newsletter Name(Required) First Last Email(Required) CAPTCHA 2201 P St NW, Washington, DC 20037 info@nationalhomeless.org (202) 462-4822 Copyright 2023 | National Coalition for the Homeless | | Nonprofit Website Design by Elevation Follow us: