Dr. McDougall's Health & Medical Center | Dr. McDougall Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content — Get Started Recipes Education Education Hot Medical & Nutrition Topics Success Stories Programs 12-Day Program Starch Solution McDougall’s Medicine Mini-Courses Shop About Our Story Meet the Team Contact Us Get Started Join our mailing list. Get free exclusive recipes, articles and news about upcoming events! Email Address Subscribe × Book a Consultation Is the 12-Day McDougall Program right for you? Check availability × Consultations Find out if the 12-Day McDougall Program is right for you. Check availability 100% of the consult fee goes towards the program enrollment if you decide to join. × Recipes Education Education Hot Medical & Nutrition Topics Success Stories Programs 12-Day Program Starch Solution Course McDougall’s Medicine Mini-Courses Shop About Our Story Meet the Team Contact Us Email Address Regain your health in less than 2 weeks with the McDougall Program Are you looking to regain your vitality and take control of your health? Dr. John McDougall, a renowned expert in health and wellness, has developed a groundbreaking approach that can transform your health in 12 days. The life-changing McDougall Program unlocks your body’s healing potential through the power of a plant-based, starch-focused diet. Join thousands of empowered individuals who have embraced the McDougall Program and experienced a remarkable transformation in their overall health and vitality! Learn more It was a wonderful experience and truly the best money I ever spent. I know that I can definitely follow the McDougall diet all my life! - Maria I can do this long term. I have a clear vision and support. For 39 years I've tried to reach a healthy weight but never could, until now. - Nancy I am so excited and feel empowered by my progress. I'm amazed at how simple it is. I just have to eat the food! - Diane I am truly grateful for having found Dr. McDougall 5 years ago when I was diagnosed with breast cancer. Without Dr. McDougall I wouldn't be here today. - Lucy Well organized, informative, covered everything and more than I expected. Well done. - Joel The McDougall Program The McDougall Program is a transformative and life-saving 12-day online medical program designed by Dr. McDougall. For over 35 years, this program has been helping individuals reverse chronic illness and take charge of their health. The McDougall Program is based on the concept of the Starch Solution, an innovative dietary approach that harnesses the benefits of eating whole-food, plant-based sources of complex carbohydrates. Throughout the program, participants learn to embrace a sustainable and nourishing diet centered around wholesome starch sources, including nutrient-rich grains, legumes and fruits. The immersive 12-day program includes personalized medical care, live lectures, expert guidance, and unwavering support. Engage in private one-on-one medical appointments and learn from lectures by renowned health professionals. Beyond the 12-day mark, the McDougall Program offers additional weekly, then monthly check-ins for one full year following your completion. Get started Inspiring Success Stories At the McDougall Program, we have witnessed inspiring transformations of individuals who have adopted a starch-based diet and experienced remarkable improvements in their health. To inspire and encourage you, we invite you to explore some of the success stories of our participants below. Kiki’s Remarkable Transformation After struggling with weight gain, irregular periods and high blood sugar levels, Kiki transformed her health through Dr. McDougall’s program. She lost 30 pounds and achieved perfect cholesterol, blood pressure and blood sugar levels. Read more Tamara Reversed Type 2 Diabetes Tamara battled weight gain, chronic diseases like type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea and multiple cancer diagnoses. By embarking on a plant-based journey inspired by the McDougall Program, she lost 142.5 pounds, reversed her diabetes and normalized her blood pressure. Read more Beth Made Lasting Changes By joining the 12-day McDougall Program, Beth regained her confidence, lost 12 pounds and found a supportive community of like-minded individuals committed to improving their health and well-being. Read more See More Success Stories Free McDougall Program All the knowledge you need to transform your health through a healing diet and lifestyle. Learn More Our philosophy Optimal health is achieved by eating a low-fat, high fiber, minimally processed, starch-based diet with fruits and vegetables. This is not all or nothing. We teach the principles of healthy living. The more you do, the better your results. Learn More Our recipes Our recipe collection showcases various flavorful and delectable plant-based recipes that align with Dr. McDougall’s principles. From hearty soups to desserts and entrees, our curated recipes offer diverse options to suit your taste and preference. Explore Our Recipes Today! Soups Garden Vegetable Stew This hearty meal features a delightful combination of fire-roasted tomatoes, zucchini, green beans, squash, and corn for a burst of flavors that will satisfy your taste buds and nourish your body. Breakfast Vegan Waffles Make your mornings better with these fluffy and golden waffles, easily customizable with your favorite fruit toppings and maple syrup. Favorite Vegan Recipes Creamy Pasta Primavera Savor this delectable pasta dish that combines tender pasta with a creamy walnut-based sauce infused with fresh herbs, lemon juice, and ground chili paste. Vegan Salads & Sides Quinoa Market Salad By Mary McDougall Make this with the wide variety of fresh peppers, zucchini and tomatoes available See All Free Recipes Start Your Journey to Optimal Health Today Take the first step toward regaining your health and ensuring optimal well-being by joining our 12-day McDougall program. You can also visit our Education Hub, explore our Mini Courses, and browse our shop for valuable resources to start your transformative journey today! Start Here Join free for exclusive recipes, articles and news about upcoming events! Email Address Subscribe This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using our website, you accept our use of cookies. × 12-Day Program Over 12,000 people healed Get started Follow Dr. McDougall Recipes Education Hot Topics Success Stories 12-Day Program Starch Solution Course Maximum Weight Loss Aging Gracefully The Truth About Food McDougall’s Medicine Shop Forums Our Story Meet the Team Contact Us Copyright ©2024 Dr. McDougall Health & Medical Center Terms | Privacy Policy | Accessibility