Nordic Semiconductor | Empowering Wireless Innovation - nordicsemi.com Announcement The Future of Low Power Cellular IoT Discover the compact nRF9151 SiP New course Wi-Fi Fundamentals Master the fundamentals of Wi-Fi, don't miss out! Launch Silicon-to-cloud locationing World's first combined Wi-Fi, cellular IoT and GNSS solution Announcement Nordic announces nRF54L Series Learn more about the nRF54L Series Launch The Future of Power Management Discover the nPM1300 PMIC Products Want to add connectivity to your product? We offer low-power wireless devices for Cellular IoT, Bluetooth Low Energy, Bluetooth mesh, Thread and Zigbee. Explore our product portfolio! Why Matter? Matter is a connectivity standard that enables various smart home devices work in harmony. Nordic's software development kit and hardware development tools make it easy to build Matter prototypes, ensuring secure and reliable smart home solutions. Read more Wi-Fi Nordic Semiconductor is a leading provider of low-power wireless communication solutions, utilizing decades of ultra-low-power wireless expertise to maximize Wi-Fi’s low-power potential in various applications including home automation, smart lighting, and other IoT devices. Wi-Fi Latest News Top Story Product news 21 Feb 2024 Nordic Semiconductor expands nRF91 Series with nRF9151 SiP 日本語 한글 繁體 简体 Customer 26 Feb 2024 Asset tracking device uses Nordic LTE-M/NB-IoT cellular connectivity for end-to-end visibility, advancing zero-waste pharmaceutical supply chains Customer 23 Feb 2024 Nordic-powered cellular IoT equipment and appliance monitor safeguards critical equipment Corporate 22 Feb 2024 DECT Forum, last mile semiconductor, Nordic Semiconductor, and Wirepas to showcase revolutionary NR+, non-cellular 5G radio standard at Hannover Messe Customer 15 Feb 2024 Nordic-powered cellular IoT telemetry solution for low power industrial applications Explore Nordic news Upcoming Events Current period 2024 (13) 2023 (42) 2022 (44) 2021 (43) 2020 (25) 2019 (19) 2018 (2) 17 Oct 2023 15 Mar 2024 Nordic Tech Tour, EMEA Add to Calendar 03 Mar 2024 08 Mar 2024 Light + Building Add to Calendar 07 Mar 2024 07 Mar 2024 Connecting the Future: The Power of Cellular IoT in LPWAN Applications Add to Calendar 13 Mar 2024 13 Mar 2024 Adding Device Firmware Update (DFU/FOTA) Support in nRF Connect SDK Add to Calendar 09 Apr 2024 11 Apr 2024 Embedded World Add to Calendar 22 Apr 2024 26 Apr 2024 Hannover Messe Add to Calendar 28 May 2024 29 May 2024 Hardware Pioneers Add to Calendar Customer Stories - Sport & Fitness See.Sense NB-IoT cycle security tracker protects and locates bikes Read the full story Customer Stories - Connected Health MEZOO monitoring system enables remote care of cardiac patients Read the full story Customer Stories - Sport & Fitness Polar GPS multisport watches help improve athlete performance Read the full story Customer Stories - Education micro:bit: Creating Coders of the Future Read the full story Customer Stories - Industrial Automation Lynxemi wireless sensor reports industrial asset health to technicians Read the full story Visit GetConnected Blog Customer Quotes Why did we choose Nordic? One of the most important reasons we selected the nRF9160 SiP was the Nordic nRF Connect SDK. To achieve stable performance and low power consumption, we relied heavily on the SDK’s core firmware to optimize our application software. The Nordic team also provided us with excellent support throughout the development process. Our engineers benefitted greatly from the assistance of the Nordic DevZone, which helped speed up the development process. Daniel Lai, Founder and CEO of Brocere Electronics View the full story Why did we choose Nordic? We used the nRF Connect Software Development Kit [SDK] to build our application entirely in-house – in fact, we were able to use the SDK to prototype parts of our application in a matter of days and develop a field ready beta solution in weeks. The abundance of sample code made it easy to get started, and we found the documentation easy to navigate and helpful as we started to optimize for power and performance. Peter Condoleon, CTO and Co-Founder of GreaseBoss View the full story Why did we choose Nordic? During development Nordic’s powerful nRF Connect SDK was of great help. It provides rich development resources and sample codes, covering various functions and application scenarios. We were able to develop and debug our applications more quickly by taking advantage of the sample code and documentation provided by the SDK Sue Li, Field Application Engineer, Minew Customer Quotes Why did we choose Nordic? Using the Nordic Semiconductor nRF9160 SiP’s LTE-M cellular IoT connectivity, our EdgeTrak 4S multiprotocol industrial connectivity solution can relay user equipment data to the Cloud remotely, allowing field personnel to make better use of their time by putting an end to routine visits and relying on alerts instead. From marginally data intensive applications to applications needing occasional high density data, the nRF9160 SiP has been a perfect fit for Rulo. All while consuming very low power and always connected to the cellular network. The nRF9160 also fits very well with the long term roadmap for Rulo, while Nordic’s technical support was first class. Vijay Janardhan,President, Rulo View the full story Why did we choose Nordic? Nordic’s DevZone is the first line of defense when developing hardware and firmware. More often than not, if we had a question, it was already answered in detail on DevZone. If we couldn’t find an answer the response time and quality of response from Nordic’s application engineers was unlike anything else I’ve experienced in the industry. The documentation is also far and away superior to other SiP providers. Gary Naden, President, Vigilant Onsite View the full story Customer Quotes Why did we choose Nordic? We chose Nordic not just for the quality of its SoC, but for the ease it provides around the development environment, especially with its software development kits. Thanks to the SDKs, firmware development becomes extremely easy and there is no limit to our software development. Aside from the great software, Nordic SoCs come with a very special flexible peripheral mapping feature which allows hardware engineers to annotate as we wish to save a lot of time in schematic design and PCB layout, and more than 30 percent of our total development time. This gives us confidence and peace of mind with our design and allows us to effectively focus on our tasks. Yasunari Kohashi,CEO of Braveridge View the full story Customer Quotes Why did we choose Nordic? The awesome low power consumption and long range capabilities of Nordic’s SoCs were a major selling point for us. Also our team has worked with Nordic technology for a long time and the company has the best support I’ve encountered among any of the Bluetooth LE chip companies. This made us very comfortable selecting Nordic as our partner. Jonathan Moyes,Vice President of Product Engineering at HerdDogg View the full story Community - DevZone Explore DevZone × Privacy Products News Events About Didn't find what you were looking for? Contact us Follow us!