Home - Penny Arcade We use cookies to remember your display preferences for fonts and Day/Night mode, keep you logged into Club PA, and to protect forms from cross site scripting attacks. We use Google Analytics, which has its own cookie. Our ads may also use their own cookies. Use Necessary Cookies Only Allow All Cookies Skip Nav Penny Arcade Comic News Open Menu Penny Arcade Close Menu Home - current page Comic News Video Podcasts Stories Archive Forum Store About Contact Club PA Login Sign Up Acq Inc PAX Child's Play Pinny Arcade Toggle Display Mode - Night Mode selected Font Style Font Style Sans Serif - Selected Font Style Serif Font Size Default Font Size - Selected Large Font Size Live Now Acq Inc PAX Child's Play Pinny Arcade About Contact Club PA Login or Sign Up Open Font Settings Menu Close Font Settings Menu Font Style Font Style Sans Serif - Selected Font Style Serif Font Size Default Font Size - Selected Large Font Size Toggle Display Mode - Night Mode selected Penny Arcade Comic News Video Podcasts Stories Archive Forum Store Latest Comics New Strips Mon, Wed & Fri Mon3/4 Fri3/1 Wed2/28 Advertisement Extramural By Tycho – March 4, 2024 Shogun Gabe hadn't read Shogun, which ordinarily I would use as an opportunity to scourge him from a profound intellectual height. Something more like the opposite has happened - I envy this ignorance of the text. I wish to Gord I could read it anew. Shogun is almost twelve hundred pages, and our affair was torrid. I couldn't leave it well enough alone. A visual note: it was a borrowed copy from Brenna's dad, before she and I agreed to be married, and because it was a paperback it could barely hold itself together. By the time it fell into my hands, it had essentially split itself into two books of a digestible six hundred pages apiece. 3 Replies to iRacing in the Wet iRacing in the Wet By Gabe – March 4, 2024 iRacing Oculus VR It’s been a minute since I did any iRacing but I was back in the rig yesterday preparing for the new rain update coming tomorrow. Arithmophobia By Tycho – March 1, 2024 Unicorn Overlord Math He's flipping out over those Unicorns and these Overlords and shit, so much so that he's had to turn to rationing. It comes out on the 8th, so he won't have to twist in the wind too long. Six Pack By Tycho – February 28, 2024 13 Sentinels Dragon's Crown Dungeons & Dragons GrimGrimoire Garb is obsessed with Unicorn Overlord, which has a demo currently available on Switch, Playstation, and the Orxborx that you can use to get obsessed as well. It's the best kind of demo: it's the real game, just with a time limit, and your progress carries over. A blessing, in this dark age. More News Advertisement Comic Remix ??? Roll the dice and we’ll give you three random panels chosen from over 25 years of comics. Generate Comic Feeling Nostalgic? 4 Years Ago Primarch Newsletter Sign Up Stay up to date on all the comings and goings at Penny Arcade by joining the mailing list. Getting electronic mail is fun! It's like the future, but right now. By submitting your information, you agree to the Privacy Policy. Follow Penny Arcade Twitch /PennyArcade YouTube PennyArcadeTV Twitter @PA_Megacorp TikTok pennyarcade Instagram PAMegacorp Facebook Penny Arcade Club PA Patreon RSS Feed Email PA Gabe Twitter @cwgabriel Email Gabe Tycho Twitter @TychoBrahe Email Tycho Est. 1998 © Copyright 2024 Penny Arcade, Inc. Home Comic News Video Podcasts Stories Archive Forum Store About Login Sign Up Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service