News + Updates — MIT Media Lab User Login Search Search Nav Nav Find People, Projects, etc. Search Email: Password: Work for a Member company and need a Member Portal account? Register here with your company email address. Work for a Member company and forgot your password? News + Updates Research About Support the Media Lab Graduate Program People Events Videos Member Portal Who we are + what we do + why we do it News + Updates Research About Support the Media Lab Graduate Program People Events Videos Member Portal News + Updates Research About Support the Media Lab Graduate Program People Events Videos Member Portal More Close Article Research Researchers harness 2D magnetic materials for energy-efficient computing The researchers precisely controlled an ultrathin magnet at room temperature, which could enable faster processors and computer memories. via MIT News · Feb. 22, 2024 in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI +1 more #consumer electronics #computer science #technology +3 more Project Research Lunar Research in Lanzarote The MIT Space Exploration Initiative explores Lunar analog sites on Spain’s Canary Island of Lanzarote.During a 10-day field program in Feb… in Space Exploration Initiative · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds Event Events Hatched in Zürich and Honed at MIT: A sonic tour through time and technology featuring the Paradiso synthesizer Prof. Joseph Paradiso gave a talk on his synthesizer rig at the Swiss Museum and Centre for Electronic Music Instruments. Watch the video! Thursday January 18, 2024 2:00pm ET Fribourg Joseph A. Paradiso #music #creativity #technology +1 more Event Events Women Take the Reel Film Festival 2024 The MIT Media Lab's Program in Media Arts and Sciences is supporting the festival, and presenting three films at the MIT Bartos Theater. Friday — Monday February 23, 2024 — March 25, 2024 Clémence Taillandier Post Research Celebrating Black History Month 2024 Explore these events and resources to see how you can celebrate Black History this month and every month. Feb. 16, 2024 Series Videos Research Group Overviews Learn more about all of the research groups, centers, and initiatives at the MIT Media Lab. Oct. 18, 2023 in Communications · Director's Office · Development Article Research Doctors have more difficulty diagnosing disease when looking at images of darker skin In a study published in Nature Medicine, alum Matt Groh, Prof. Rosalind Picard, and colleagues found assistance from an AI model can help. via MIT News · Feb. 5, 2024 in Affective Computing · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body #artificial intelligence #ethics #computer science +4 more Support the Media Lab We believe that together, we can play an important role in helping people realize a better and more just future for themselves and for all. Corporate membership Foundations Alumni + friends Post Research FibeRobo recognized at the International Design Awards (IDA) 2023 The FibeRobo project won gold in the Textile & Materials / New Technology Fabrics category. Feb. 7, 2024 in Tangible Media · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body #design #manufacturing #wearable computing +3 more Post Research MIT Media Lab x Smart Living Lab In January 2024, members of the Media Lab traveled to Fribourg, Switzerland to conduct a workshop on sensing, interactions, and augmentation Jan. 26, 2024 in Responsive Environments · Fluid Interfaces · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds +1 more Event Events MIT Media Lab at World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2024 Members of the Media Lab community participated in the 54th Annual Meeting of The World Economic Forum. Watch videos of selected sessions! Monday — Friday January 15, 2024 — January 19, 2024 Davos-Klosters, Switzerland Alex 'Sandy' Pentland · Kent Larson +13 more #design #environment #space +3 more Post Research Sharif Islam named ESIP Community Fellow and Future Earth Coasts Fellow Dr. Sharif Islam, a postdoctoral associate in the Space Enabled research group, has been selected as an ESIP Community Fellow and FEC Fellow Jan. 18, 2024 in Space Enabled Post Research Space Enabled launches two payloads on Blue Origin Suborbital Space Flight Space Enabled experiments study dynamics of liquid wax in microgravity to inspire future low cost satellite fuel options Dec. 21, 2023 in Space Enabled Post Graduate Program Spring 2024 Media Arts and Sciences Course List Classes offered by the Program in Media Arts and Sciences for the Spring 2024 semester Jan. 22, 2024 in Program in Media Arts and Sciences Research Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body Connected Mind + Body | Revolutionizing the future of mental and physical wellbeing #robotics #design #social networks +131 more Publication Research Two-dimensional magnetic materials for spintronic applications Kajale, S.N., Hanna, J., Jang, K. et al. Two-dimensional magnetic materials for spintronic applications. Nano Res. (2024). https://doi.org/10.1007/s12274-024-6447-2 Academic Paper, Jan. 2024 in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek Event Events Norman Foster Institute on Sustainable Cities: Opening Act The NFI's "Opening Act" introduced the first cohort of students and included talks from experts in industry + academia. Watch the videos! Monday January 22, 2024 Madrid Kent Larson · Margaret Church +1 more Post Research Augmental wins Best Pitch at CES 2024 Media Lab spinoff Augmental was recognized for their work on the MouthPad^, a smart oral splint. Jan. 23, 2024 in Fluid Interfaces · Media Lab Spinoffs · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body #health #wearable computing #technology Post Research Alaa Algargoosh receives MIT IBK Research Award Dr. Alaa Algargoosh received the award for her research on how acoustic experiences can affect wellbeing. Jan. 23, 2024 in Affective Computing · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity #music #mental health Post Research Media Lab research highlighted by MIT News in its wrap-ups of 2023 press coverage The Media Lab is honored to have had its research and researchers highlighted in two 2023 end-of-year lists prepared by MIT News. Dec. 21, 2023 in Affective Computing · Opera of the Future · Personal Robots +7 more #social networks #artificial intelligence #health +5 more Post Research Jad Kabbara | MIT Technology Review's Innovators Under 35: MENA Jad Kabbara was selected for his research using generative AI for understanding community conversation. Dec. 14, 2023 in MIT Center for Constructive Communication · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI Post Research Wedyan Babatain selected as one of Forbes Middle East's "30 Under 30" for 2023 She was recognized in for her work on the development of a soft, multifunctional wearable platform. Nov. 21, 2023 in Tangible Media · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body #design #sensors #electrical engineering +1 more Post Research BBC 100 Women 2023: Canan Dagdeviren Professor Dagdeviren was recognized for her work developing a wearable ultrasound patch for early breast cancer detection. Nov. 21, 2023 in Conformable Decoders · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body #bioengineering #health #sensors +5 more Research Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds Future Worlds | Design and action for the future we want to live in #robotics #design #social networks +142 more Research Media Lab Research Theme: Decentralized Society Decentralized Society | Architecting the new internet for the good of the people #robotics #design #social networks +85 more Article Research A new ultrasound patch can measure how full your bladder is The wearable device, designed to monitor bladder and kidney health, could be adapted for earlier diagnosis of cancers deep within the body. via MIT News · Nov. 17, 2023 in Conformable Decoders · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body #healthcare #microfabrication Article Research The City Science Network empowers local communities to collaborate globally The City Science Network is a collaboration of institutions + researchers sharing a the goal of enabling more livable, equitable communities via MIT News · Nov. 3, 2023 in City Science · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds #developing countries #urban planning #community +1 more Post Research Sarah Ornellas, of Conformable Decoders, named a Recipient of the Cadence Diversity in Technology Scholarship Sarah’s research endeavors involve the development of new ultrasound technology that can enable the treatment of diseases in the deep brain. Dec. 5, 2023 in Conformable Decoders Post Research Deblina Sarkar wins The Sontag Foundation's Distinguished Scientist Award Professor Deblina Sarkar has been awarded The Sontag Foundation’s Distinguished Scientist Award—one of three winners nationwide this year. Nov. 27, 2023 in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek Post Research Samantha Chan and collaborators win Distinguished Paper Award at UbiComp 2023 Postdoctoral fellow Samantha Chan (Fluid Interfaces) and collaborators win Distinguished Paper Award at UbiComp 2023. Nov. 14, 2023 in Fluid Interfaces · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body Research Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI Life with AI | Designing the future of smart systems to improve the human experience #robotics #design #social networks +147 more Article Research Shape-shifting fiber can produce morphing fabrics The low-cost FibeRobo is compatible with existing textile manufacturing techniques. via MIT News · Oct. 26, 2023 in Tangible Media · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity Post Research Meet the 2023–24 PLIX Creative Learning Ambassadors! We’re delighted to announce our 2023–24 cohort of PLIX Creative Learning AmbassadorsThese library professionals share our passion for hands… Nov. 7, 2023 Post Research Praneeth Vepakomma named Fatima Fellowship mentor Mentors are PhD students, postdocs, and researchers at top universities and research labs. Nov. 14, 2023 in Camera Culture · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI Publication Research Cell Rover: An Intracellular Antenna for Radio Communication in 3D Biological Systems B. Joy and D. Sarkar, "Cell Rover: An Intracellular Antenna for Radio Communication in 3D Biological Systems," 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation and USNC-URSI Radio Science Meeting (USNC-URSI), Portland, OR, USA, 2023, pp. 1381-1382, doi: 10.1109/USNC-URSI52151.2023.10237858. Article, July 2023 in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek Post Research Guillermo Herrera-Arcos receives fellowships from K. Lisa Yang ICoN Center and Government of Mexico Guillermo Herrera-Arcos from the Media Lab's Biomechatronics group has received two fellowships in support of his PhD. Oct. 30, 2023 in Biomechatronics · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body #bioengineering #genetics #health Post Research David Sengeh named to 2023 TIME100 Next List The recognition highlights his work at the Media Lab and his current position as chief minister of Sierra Leone. Nov. 14, 2023 in Biomechatronics · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body Project Research OctoStudio OctoStudio is a free coding app available at octostudio.orgOctoStudio transforms how young people use mobile phones and tablets, enabl… in Lifelong Kindergarten · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity Natalie Rusk · Kreg Hanning +13 more #robotics #design #artificial intelligence +8 more Research Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity Cultivating Creativity | Catalyzing a global movement enabling everyone to unlock and unleash their individual and collective creativity #robotics #design #social networks +134 more Post Research Jessica Shand named 2023 Steve Jobs Archive Fellow Media Lab student Jessica Shand, of the Opera of the Future group, was named to the inaugural class of the 2023 SJA Fellowship. Oct. 13, 2023 in Opera of the Future · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity Project Research Data Provenance for AI A massive audit of 1800+ AI text datasets, tracing their provenance and composition from origin to creation.The race to train language mode… in Human Dynamics · MIT Center for Constructive Communication · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI +1 more William Brannon · Shayne Longpre +4 more #artificial intelligence Post Research Brelyon wins Optica's 2023 Paul F. Forman Team Engineering Excellence Award The award recognizes technical achievements and contributions to society in the field of optical engineering. Oct. 19, 2023 in Camera Culture · Media Lab Spinoffs · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds Post People Prof. Deblina Sarkar Named as MRS Early Career Distinguished Presenter Prof. Sarkar one of only two researchers worldwide to be named “MRS Early Career Distinguished Presenter” by the Materials Research Society. Oct. 30, 2023 in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek Post Research Canan Dagdeviren awarded 2023 Bose Grant Canan Dagdeviren, head of the Conformable Decoders group, is among the recipients of the 2023 Professor Amar G. Bose Research Grants. Oct. 3, 2023 in Conformable Decoders · Media Lab Research Theme: Connected Mind + Body Post Research 2013 Affective Computing paper receives UbiComp 10-Year Impact Award A paper led by Ehsan Hoque, alum of the Affective Computing group, receives UbiComp's 10-Years Impact Award. Oct. 17, 2023 in Affective Computing · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI #human-computer interaction #artificial intelligence Post Research Andrés Rico | MIT Technology Review's Innovators Under 35: Latin America 2023 Rico was recognized for his contributions in developing low-cost, open source sensors to test the quality and quantity of water sources. Oct. 13, 2023 in City Science · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds Post Research Jason Hou of Conformable Decoders has been selected as a fellow for the MIT Neurobiological Engineering Training Program (NBETP) Jason Hou, a PhD student in the Conformable Decoders research group, has been selected as a fellow for this NIH T32 grant. Oct. 16, 2023 in Conformable Decoders Post Research Deblina Sarkar and Shivam Kajale of MIT awarded Designing for Sustainability Funding with HPI Collaborators Prof. Deblina Sarkar and PhD student Shivam Kajale of the MIT Media Lab awarded Designing for Sustainability Funding with HPI collaborators. Oct. 4, 2023 in Nano-Cybernetic Biotrek Article Research From MIT to Burning Man: The Living Knitwork Pavilion Learn about the Living Knitwork Pavilion: an interactive architectural installation that combined textile arts + engineering at Burning Man. via MIT News · Oct. 13, 2023 in Responsive Environments · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity #design #architecture #art +6 more Article Research Is AI in the eye of the beholder? Study shows users can be primed to believe certain things about an AI chatbot’s motives, which influences their interactions with the bot. via MIT News · Oct. 2, 2023 in Fluid Interfaces · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI #human-computer interaction #artificial intelligence #social science +5 more Post Research Media Lab Community Awards and Recognitions View recent awards and recognitions received by members of the Media Lab community in the modules attached here. Jan. 1, 2023 Article Research MIT scholars awarded seed grants to probe the social implications of generative AI The 27 finalists will explore the technology’s impact on democracy, education, sustainability, communications, and much more. via MIT News · Sept. 18, 2023 in Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds · Media Lab Research Theme: Life with AI #artificial intelligence #politics #social science +5 more Post Research Castrol joins the Media Lab to support research on lunar landings Castrol membership supports the AstroAnt Payload Program. Aug. 29, 2023 in Responsive Environments · Space Exploration Initiative · Media Lab Research Theme: Future Worlds #robotics #space Article Research Re-imagining the opera of the future The iconic sci-fi opera VALIS, first composed by Professor Tod Machover in 1987, reboots at MIT for a new generation. via MIT News · Sept. 27, 2023 in Opera of the Future · Media Lab Research Theme: Cultivating Creativity #art #artificial intelligence #music +2 more Post Research Five Media Lab students receive MIT Presidential Fellowship awards Five Media Lab students–Ila Kumar, Kimaya Lecamwasam, Cecilé Sadler, Aastha Shah, and Raechel Walker–win MIT Presidential Fellowship awards. Sept. 12, 2023 in Affective Computing · Lifelong Kindergarten · Opera of the Future +2 more Article Research Feet on Earth, head in the stars These five women at the MIT Media Lab are advancing aerospace science and research, driven by a love of our home planet. via MIT Technology Review · Aug. 22, 2023 in Director's Office · Responsive Environments · Fluid Interfaces +4 more #robotics #architecture #environment +9 more News + Updates Research About Support the Media Lab Graduate Program People Events Videos Member Portal More ways to explore Videos Publications Job Opportunities Contact Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Architecture + Planning Accessibility Donate to the Lab