Stanford News Skip to content News Menu Search form Search term Home Find Stories For Journalists Contact Stanford News Top Stories Science & Technology Four questions for Mathieu Lapôtre on Dune A Stanford dune expert discusses watching desert-based movies from the perspective of a geoscientist, the realities of otherworldly dunes, and what his research can tell us about the ancient environment of Earth and other planets. University Affairs New campus building honors Secretary Shultz The Hoover Institution unveiled the George P. Shultz Building at a ribbon-cutting ceremony late last month, dedicating the structure to a statesman who exemplified public service and civility. Teaching & Students ‘Short burst’ approach improves young students’ literacy skills Just minutes of high-impact tutoring during the school day results in significant gains, a new study finds. Social Sciences Rule makers, rule breakers Michele Gelfand explains how the concept of “tight” and “loose” cultures plays out in global affairs, national politics, and your own household. Science & Technology Can a decarbonized grid be everything we need it to be? A Stanford-led consortium funded by the Department of Energy seeks to balance multiple and sometimes competing goals for the electric grid of the future. In the Spotlight Science & Technology A new RNA editing tool could enhance cancer treatment The new study found that an RNA-targeting CRISPR platform could tune immune cell metabolism without permanent genetic changes, potentially unveiling a relatively low-risk way to upgrade existing cell therapies for cancer. Science & Technology Clusters of atmospheric rivers are costlier than expected When multiple atmospheric rivers hit California back-to-back, the economic damage from resulting rain and snowfall is three to four times higher than predicted from individual storms, a Stanford study finds. Science & Technology Biodiversity crisis in protected forests New research shows the diversity of plant and animal life in 14 tropical reserves in Mesoamerica has plummeted since 1990 as roads and cattle ranches have expanded into protected areas. More Stories Medicine Are mocktails safe for people with alcohol use disorder? Nonalcoholic beverages are popular with those trying to cut back on drinking, but new research suggests they can be problematic for people who struggle with addiction. Campus Life Meet Kemi Ashing-Giwa When she’s not running lab experiments, the PhD student in ecophysiology and conservation biology writes sci-fi novels. “I like being in school for many reasons, but one is that it’s great for story ideas.” Teaching & Students Changing history’s course The Stanford History Education Group revolutionized the way students learn about the past. Now it’s moving into a new era. Social Sciences ‘This is a war of autocracies and democracies’ The world has grown too comfortable believing Ukraine can prevail without ongoing support, Ukrainian leaders told a Stanford audience last week. Law & Policy Third millennium thinking In a new book, Robert MacCoun presents the “inquisitorial approach of science” as one of our most powerful tools for making informed decisions in an increasingly complex world. Science & Technology California’s public charging infrastructure Accessible charging stations are critical for the widespread adoption of electric vehicles. A new policy brief outlines the roadblocks. Social Sciences The hidden driver of the ride-sharing economy Uber’s and Lyft’s business models depend on low-income drivers. What happens when they can’t afford wheels? Medicine Drug limits allergic reactions Accidental exposure to allergy-triggering foods can have life-threatening consequences for children with food allergies. A new treatment reduces the risk. News from Stanford Report Hoover Institution ‘Grace in action’: Remembering Karen Weiss Mulder Stanford Report Finding their Way Stanford Athletics Three Cardinal players drafted to the NWSL Stanford Athletics Dominating with a smile In the News Fast Company Easy exercises from Stanford’s humor course can immediately level-up your leadership Washington Post What’s the Atlantic diet? A variation on Mediterranean eating shows benefits The Atlantic What would it take to convince Americans that the economy is fine? Politico Who pays when AI goes rogue? New York Times Students are making a ‘surprising’ rebound from pandemic closures. But some may never catch up Stanford Report To receive Stanford news daily, subscribe to Stanford Report. For Journalists Press Releases Media Contacts Stanford Experts See Also Contact Stanford News Faculty / Staff Resources Events Events calendar Stanford News is a publication of Stanford University Communications Stanford Home Maps & Directions Search Stanford Emergency Info Terms of Use Privacy Copyright Trademarks Non-Discrimination Accessibility © Stanford University. Stanford, California 94305.