Department of Computer Science - Computer Science Skip to main content Submit Search Toggle navigation Computer Science About People Rankings Why UNC CS? Awards Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Faculty Hiring History Research Research Philosophy Research Areas Research Groups Laboratories & Facilities Entrepreneurship Research Support Results, Products & Intellectual Property Undergraduate Research Graduate Overview Course Offerings Admission to Graduate Programs Doctor of Philosophy Master of Science Graduate Minor in Computer Science Undergraduate Overview Course Offerings Major / Minor Admissions Degrees and Requirements Undergraduate Advising Undergraduate Courses for Non-CS Majors Undergraduate Research Learning Contracts and Internships Course Lecture Recordings Student Experience Overview UNC CS Clubs Career Services CS Experience Labs (CSXL) Study Abroad Program News News Headlines Media Contacts Publications Commencement Engage Events Alumni Industry Partners Community Outreach Visiting UNC CS Contact Us Give to UNC CS World-class research and exceptional graduateand undergraduate education Career Services Course Schedules Faculty Hiring Upcoming Events News The Faces of AIFebruary 26, 2024 | UNC Endeavors Roni Sengupta develops AI to modify images and works to make this technology more accessible to everyday creators. Multimodal AI built with Tar Heel researchFebruary 21, 2024 | UNC Communications Working with a team at Microsoft Research, Carolina computer science professor Mohit Bansal and his student Zineng Tang, a Microsoft intern, created the CoDi AI system — a model capable of generating any combination of outputs (e.g, text, images, videos, audio) from any combination of inputs. Microsoft Research featured the project on its website last summer, and a few months later, the team presented the revamped CoDi-2 to much fanfare. Human Stories in AI: Rick MarksFebruary 19, 2024 | StatQuest with Josh Starmer As part of the StatQuest series on Statistics and Machine Learning, Josh Starmer interviews Rick Marks, a professor in the School of Data Science and Society and Department of Computer Science and former director of Google’s Advanced Technology and Projects group, which explored new interaction approaches for ambient computing environments. Computer science team uses AR to treat Parkinson’sFebruary 16, 2024 | UNC Communications Since September 2022, Henry Fuchs, Danielle Szafir and others have collaborated with medical researchers at Carolina on the multifaceted Parkinson’s Project. Their PD-Insighter software combines graphics and data visualization to allow clinicians treating Parkinson’s disease to watch and analyze patient movement in real-world home scenarios. View All NewsShare News Why Computer Science UNC Computer Science faculty and students describe the department in their own words. We Are UNC Computer Science The Department of Computer Science at UNC-Chapel Hill, a top-4 public research university, drives positive impact through groundbreaking research by award-winning faculty. By emphasizing interdisciplinary collaboration and real-world applications, our robust research connections across campus provide unmatched opportunities for study, research, and professional growth. We work to advocate for equitable opportunities to increase accessibility, visibility, and belonging within the department and the field. We invite you to join UNC Computer Science in shaping the future of technology. Charlie Helms (Class of 2020) Co-founder, UNC Black in Technology Club | Program Manager, Microsoft Career Services Study Abroad Student Services Corporate Partners Events Mar 4 March 4 - March 7 Womxn in Tech Week Apr 6 All day UNC Science Expo May 12 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm Computer Science Commencement View Calendar View All Events Report a Website Issue Internal Resources UNC ITS Help Desk UNC.edu Log In About News Events Calendar QUICK LINKS University Academic Calendars Course Schedules Career ServicesContact The Department of Computer Science Brooks Computer Science Building 201 S. Columbia St. CB 3175 UNC-Chapel Hill Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3175 Phone: 919-590-6000 Fax: 919-590-6105 Email: info@cs.unc.edu Connect with CS Give Newsletter © 2024 Computer Science