The Cut – Fashion, Beauty, Politics, Sex and Celebrity Intelligencer The Cut Vulture The Strategist Curbed Grub Street Magazine Subscribe to the Magazine Give a Gift Subscription Buy Back Issues Current Issue Contents New York Shop Subscribe Sign In Account Profile Sign Out Subscribe Today For Just $1 The Cut Toggle Menu Style Self Culture Power Search Toggle Menu Style Fashion Beauty Parties & Red Carpet Fashion Shows Cathy Horyn The Cut Shop Self Health & Wellness The State of the Uterus Parenting Advice Sex & Relationships Horoscopes Keep It Moving Culture Books Television Movies Music Celebrity Power Politics Work Money Rebecca Traister More Latest Stories Video About Us Search Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us nymag.com New York Magazine Intelligencer Vulture The Cut The Strategist Grub Street Curbed Toggle Menu encounter Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? The TikToker knows some think she’s dumb for believing her ex-husband’s lies, but she’s being smart about getting her bag. By Angelina Chapin The Latest 3/4/2024 Miami Is Ghosting Spring Breakers 3/4/2024 Lupita Nyong’o and Joshua Jackson Sure Love Frolicking 3/4/2024 Kiernan Shipka Is Messi the Dog’s No. 1 Fan 3/4/2024 When Art Inspires Fashion 3/4/2024 Would You Buy a Bag Made of Air? More More More The Cut Shop 3/4/2024 The 20 Best Face Exfoliators for Soft, Smooth Skin More More More group chat material text accordingly. Kacey Musgraves Comes Down to Earth By Allison P. Davis How Should You Discipline a Kid in Trouble at School? By Kathryn Jezer-Morton What Do We Owe Wendy Williams? By Brooke Marine Life After Roe Florida Lawmakers Pause Bill That Could Threaten IVF Alabama’s IVF Patients Are In Embryo Purgatorypodcast Alabama Ruled Frozen Embryos Are Children — Now What? What It Takes to Claw Back Abortion Rights in Court See All astrology By Claire Comstock-Gay Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 Mercury moves through the final degrees of Pisces before entering Aries on Saturday night. Until then, you may be a tad more sensitive than usual. encounter Xochitl Gonzalez’s Ghost Story An encounter with the spirit of an overlooked Latina artist saved the Brooklynite’s sophomore novel. By Andrea González-Ramírez paris fashion week A Divisive Debut at McQueen Many were horrified by Sean McGirr’s first collection for the house. I liked it. By Cathy Horyn Most Popular Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? Is This the Most Lavish Wedding of All Time? Kate Middleton Spotted for the First Time in Months Queen Camilla Is Reportedly OOO Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? Is This the Most Lavish Wedding of All Time? How I Got Scammed Out of $50,000 Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 What It’s Like to Staff the Home of a Billionaire bravoholics Lala Kent Is Pregnant Looks like the Vanderpump Rules star succeeded in knocking herself up. By Tariro Mzezewa weddings Is This the Most Lavish Wedding of All Time? The world’s billionaires flocked to India this weekend for a prenuptial bash featuring Rihanna. By Olivia Craighead celebrity Julio Torres Wants to Violate Your Dress Code “Wear whatever you want to wear at all times,” says the director and star of Problemista. By Matthew Jacobs Most Popular Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? Is This the Most Lavish Wedding of All Time? Kate Middleton Spotted for the First Time in Months Queen Camilla Is Reportedly OOO Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? Is This the Most Lavish Wedding of All Time? How I Got Scammed Out of $50,000 Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 What It’s Like to Staff the Home of a Billionaire Style rare bird Zooming With Iris Apfel at 100 Revisiting our 2021 conversation with the style icon before her birthday party. By Emilia Petrarca style Finally, a New Voice for Women As debuts go, Chemena Kamali at Chloé could not have done better. By Cathy Horyn The Cut Shop The 20 Best Face Exfoliators for Soft, Smooth Skin By Lauren Adhav The Beauty Products Sofie Pavitt Uses to the Last Drop By Akili King 16 Best Self-Tanners to Use During the Dreary Winter Months By Hanna Flanagan The Best Hyperpigmentation Products for Black Women By Asia Milia Ware and Morgan Evans All Shopping pfw fall 2024 The Best Street Style From Paris Fashion Week See our favorite looks from outside the shows. By Christina Fragkou and Chinea Rodriguez trendspotting Something Hairy Is Afoot — Fuzzy Shoes Are Trending Is this the aftermath of minimalism? By Cortne Bonilla sports By Hanna Flanagan This Woman Wants You to Freeze A professional ice-bath coach says plunging into 50-degree water could change your life. spring fashion Paloma Elsesser on the Price of Being ‘First’ I made modeling history. Then the internet made me wish I hadn’t. By Paloma Elsesser spring fashion 17 Designer Handbags That Reflect the Real You It all used to be simple. Now, there are a gazillion niche bags that say something precise about their carriers. By Emilia Petrarca spring fashion You Can’t Box Yseult In Meet the French singer, model, and bag obsessive — who’s here for more than just luxury labels. By Asia Milia Ware power health The War in Gaza Is Decimating Maternal and Infant Health Rondi Anderson, a midwife who advises the aid group Project Hope, explains how four months of crisis have affected pregnant women and newborns. By Andrea González-Ramírez reproductive rights France Becomes First Country to Guarantee Abortion Rights In response to watching the overturn of Roe v. Wade. By Andrea González-Ramírez power By Andrea González-Ramírez Inside the Dire State of LGBTQ+ Rights in Oklahoma Representative Mauree Turner, the nation’s first nonbinary legislator, on Nex Benedict’s death and where we go from here. career How to Give Constructive Criticism Without Making It Awkward If it’s done well, giving feedback at work doesn’t have to be unpleasant. By Alison Green power New York’s Most Ruthless Defense Lawyer Priya Chaudhry’s grilling of Jonathan Majors’s accuser shocked some watching his assault trial. She doesn’t care. By Angelina Chapin personal finance What It’s Like to Staff the Home of a Billionaire A recruiter for the ultrarich on the upsides — and dark sides — of a notoriously secretive industry. By Charlotte Cowles career Parisian-born Laure Heriard Dubreuil, founder of The Webster boutique, was already an established fashion merchandiser in the mid-2000s when she saw an opportunity to bring cool, of-the-moment designers to Miami. Despite not knowing a single person there, she packed up her things and moved out of Paris in 2007 to see her vision through. More Power Famous Girlboss Starts New Life As Venture Capitalist Lauren Boebert’s Son Is Facing Felony Charges Florida Lawmakers Pause Bill That Could Threaten IVF Hunter Schafer Was Arrested at a Pro-Palestine Protest See All self advice ‘I Think My Husband Is Trashing My Novel on Goodreads!’ Introducing “Going Through It,” Emily Gould’s new advice column. By Emily Gould podcast first person How I Got Scammed Out of $50,000 I’m still trying to understand why I fell for it. podcast By Charlotte Cowles first person By Leslie Jamison All the Possible Futures My dating profile put me in touch with who I was before my marriage fell apart. But my daughter forced me to confront who I wanted to be. sex diaries The Woman Whose Mom Sends Her Money to Join a Dating App This week’s sex diary. By Alyssa Shelasky how i got this baby The Mom Who Left Her Husband at 20 Weeks Pregnant “He had been lying about being in a master’s program for a year and a half. I had thought he was going to be graduating in June.” By Yolanda Wikiel astrology What Is the Part of Fortune In Astrology? A closer look at the lucky “pot of gold” spot on your birth chart. By Aliza Kelly the bigger picture Stepping into the ring with the trainers of OutBox, a trans-owned and -operated boxing gym in Williamsburg. At OutBox, there are no delineations on the weights, or in the restrooms, for men and women — in idea and space, OutBox is an antidote, a way to counteract the kinds of division that haunt the fitness world writ large. parenting How Should You Discipline a Kid in Trouble at School? There has got to be a way for nonauthoritarian parents to raise children with structure and respect for authority while maintaining their trust. By Kathryn Jezer-Morton self A Beginner’s Guide to Sex Therapy What to expect in these intimate sessions. By Bindu Bansinath More Self Megan Thee Stallion Is the Trainer We Wish We Had Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 The Woman Who Has Sex for the First Time in 17 Years See All culture celebrity Lupita Nyong’o and Joshua Jackson Sure Love Frolicking The actors were photographed holding hands while running on the beach in Mexico. By Emily Leibert scene report Backstage at the Balletcore Recital Choreographer Angela Trimbur auditioned dozens of adult amateurs for her dance recital. Everyone made it. By Emily Leibert love is blind By Shannon Keating Is It Time to Stop Watching Love Is Blind? After a series of recent lawsuits against the show’s producers, I’m not sure I can keep going after season six. it's soup season I’m Having a Very Gilded Age Soup Season With ‘The Gilded Age Cookbook,’ I can spend the long, cold months pretending I’m a scullery maid in Bertha Russell’s kitchen. By Katja Vujić spring fashion Julianne Moore’s Dangerous Housewives The actress doesn’t believe it’s possible to know yourself. That’s why her best characters are searching for an answer. By Jazmine Hughes it girl Who’s Who in Feud: Capote vs. the Swans? A guide to the dames of mid-century high society and some of the real-life drama that unfolded. By Michel Ghanem movies The Dunies Sure, it missed the 2024 Oscars consideration deadline, but here are some other ways to honor Dune: Part 2’s achievements. By Danielle Cohen royals Queen Camilla Is Reportedly OOO Sounds like the royal family may be drastically understaffed. By Danielle Cohen celebrity Taylor Swift and Emily Dickinson Are Purportedly Related Convenient promo for her new album, courtesy of Ancestry. By Olivia Craighead More Culture Kiernan Shipka Is Messi the Dog’s No. 1 Fan Will the Real Kate Moss Please Stand Up? Kate Middleton Spotted for the First Time in Months Essence Harden Leads With Feeling See All Best of The Cut cut covers Kacey Musgraves Comes Down to Earth The “Space Cowboy” singer got divorced, rebounded, quit weed — and she’s never felt so grounded. By Allison P. Davis profile Adelle Waldman Takes the Early Shift Why an author best known for skewering Brooklyn literati wrote a novel about working at a big-box store. By Emily Gould the bigger picture Fighting for Recognition Enter the ring with the trainers of OutBox, a trans-owned and -operated boxing gym in Williamsburg. By Caira Conner podcast life after roe Alabama’s IVF Patients Are In Embryo Purgatory “This isn’t something that can wait until next year for me.” By Rae Nudson chapters The Theft First, there was the burglary. Then everything went missing. By Sloane Crosley power Fani Willis Didn’t Stand a Chance It feels inevitable that we’re talking about a Black woman’s personal life instead of Trump’s efforts to overturn an election. By Laura Bassett wait what is happening on tiktok? An Extremely Thorough Guide to ‘Who TF Did I Marry’ In case you don’t have ten hours to devote to the TikTok story of a woman who claims she married a pathological liar. By Danielle Cohen advice ‘I Think My Husband Is Trashing My Novel on Goodreads!’ Introducing “Going Through It,” Emily Gould’s new advice column. By Emily Gould the bigger picture The Palestinian Belly Dancer Keeping Her Culture Alive Choreographer Janelle Jalila Issis encourages her students to embrace their bodies. By Katja Vujić first person My Dad, the Mets, and Me For years, my relationship with my father was centered around us both cheering for, and mourning over, the losing team. What if we’d already won? By Emma Turetsky spring fashion Bring Back These ’00s Trends Ballet flats, Juicy Couture sweat suits, UGGs — the early-aughts fashion revival seems to be sticking around. By Mia Mercado are u coming? Packing for Paris With Alex Consani The massively popular TikTok star–slash–model is doing all of Fashion Month with a carry-on. By Brock Colyar Show more best of The Cut articles Style Self Culture Power Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us About The Cut About New York Magazine Newsletters Help Contact Press Media Kit We’re Hiring Privacy Terms Ad Choices Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility The Cut is a Vox Media Network. © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All rights reserved.