Home | Folger Shakespeare Library Skip to main content Website navigation Folger Shakespeare Library - Home Search the Folger Search Open Search Close Search Shop Account Cart Performances, events, and exhibitions What’s on What's on View All There’s something for everyone. From award-winning theater and music, to poetry and exhibitions, experience the power of the arts with us. Calendar Upcoming events Tickets Discounts, subscriptions, group sales Theater Our award-winning performances of Shakespeare, adaptations, and new works Music Our early music ensemble Folger Consort and more Poetry Our longstanding O.B. Hardison Poetry Reading Series and workshops Book Club Our virtual book club inspired by Shakespeare and our collection Visit Visit View All Folger Theatre has reopened its doors, with the rest of the building to follow on June 21. Learn about the building renovation and start planning your visit. What's on Our current programs and performances Accessibility Information to enhance your experience Plan your visit Logistics for coming to Folger Theatre Building renovation Expanding our public spaces Our building and grounds Take a virtual tour Things to do in 2024 Get excited for this summer Shakespeare, his world, and beyond Explore Explore View All Discover Shakespeare’s stories and the world that shaped them. Deepen your understanding of his works and their cultural influence. Shakespeare's works Read and learn more about Shakespeare's plays and poems Shakespeare in print The First Folio (the book that gave us Shakespeare) and what came after Shakespeare in performance From playhouse to film sets, explore four centuries of staging Shakespeare Shakespeare's life Find out about Shakespeare's life in Stratford and London Collection highlights See manuscripts, paintings, costumes, and more from the Folger collection Shakespeare for kids Resources and activities for young children and their parents Teach Teach View All Bring Shakespeare’s work to life in the classroom. Find teaching resources and opportunities. Teaching with the Folger Method An accessible and immersive way to teach students about any kind of literature Become a Teacher Member Get full access to the latest resources and ongoing professional development Professional development From live webinars to on-demand content for educators, join us Teaching resources Access lesson plans and activities for the classroom, organized by play Shakespeare's works Read and search the complete works of Shakespeare for free Student programs All kinds of programs for all kinds of students Research Research View All Dive deep into the world’s largest Shakespeare collection and access primary sources from the early modern period. About our collections From printed works of Shakespeare to rare materials from the early modern period Use the library Researcher registration and reference services Folger Institute Find out about our scholarly programs and fellowship opportunities Search the catalog Use our online catalog to search the Folger collection Online resources Access our digital image collection, finding aids, and more Ask a librarian Get answers to your questions about Shakespeare, our collection, and more Become a part of the story Join and Support Join and Support View All Support us to bring Shakespeare and his world to life for everyone. Become a member Unlock more of the Folger with a membership Donate now Make a gift online How to give More options for how to make your donation The Wonder of Will Our campaign supporting the building renovation project Planned giving Help keep the Folger going and growing for the next generation Folger Gala A celebratory evening to benefit the Folger Close Menu Welcome to the Folger Enjoy great stories | Explore what makes you curious | Share the best in art, history, and literature with friends and family at the world’s largest Shakespeare collection. Your browser does not support the video tag. Opening June 21: New exhibition galleries, café, and shop Plan your visit Plan your visit for this spring Folger Theatre has returned to its historic home on Capitol Hill. Here’s what to expect when you come to see a performance. Things to do What a visit will be like this summer Be the first to explore our new exhibition galleries, learning lab, café, and expanded gardens this summer after a major building renovation. What’s on Join us for in-person and virtual events: theater, poetry, music, and more. Where We Belong Where We Belong In 2015, Mohegan theater-maker Madeline Sayet traveled to England to pursue a PhD in Shakespeare, where she found a country that refuses to acknowledge its ongoing role in colonialism. Thu, Feb 15 – Sun, Mar 10, 2024 Dates & Tickets Folger Theatre Folger Book Club: Daughters of the Deer Folger Book Club: Daughters of the Deer In our March session, we look at author Danielle Daniel's imagined lives of her ancestors in the Algonquin territories of the 1600s. Thu, Mar 7, 2024, 6:30pm Dates & Tickets Folger Virtual DC & Me: Community Mosaic Visual Arts Workshops DC & Me: Community Mosaic Visual Arts Workshops Join us at a free community visual art workshop and contribute to the D.C. & Me Installation project. What do you want to be remembered about your community? Sun, Mar 03 - Tues, Mar 12, 2024 Dates & Tickets Multiple venues Anthony Hecht Poetry Prize 2024 Anthony Hecht Poetry Prize Celebrate Waywiser Press’s 18th annual prize with a reading from this year’s judge, Linda Gregerson, and this year’s winner, Hannah Louise Poston. Tue, Mar 12, 2024, 7:30pm Dates & Tickets Folger Theatre Music of Medieval Spain: Early Music Seminar Early Music Seminar: Music of Medieval Spain Join Folger Consort Artistic Director Robert Eisenstein for a preview of the upcoming concert. Wed, Mar 20, 2024, 6pm Dates & Tickets Virtual - Zoom Engaging All Students Across the Humanities Engaging All Students Across the Humanities Teachers are invited to join this free Folger Education professional development session. Wed, Mar 20, 2024, 8pm ET Register Now Virtual - Zoom Eudora Welty Lecture: Natasha Trethewey Eudora Welty Lecture: Natasha Trethewey Pulitzer Prize-winner Natasha Trethewey served two terms as the 19th Poet Laureate of the United States. She will present her lecture inspired by the writing and life of famed author Eudora Welty. Thu, Mar 21, 2024, 7:30pm Dates & Tickets National Press Club About us About us How did the world’s largest Shakespeare collection end up one block from the US Capitol? Explore the Folger’s origin story. The latest from our blogs and podcast View all blogs 'Daughters of the Deer' Resource Guide Folger Spotlight 'Daughters of the Deer' Resource Guide Posted March 4, 2024 Author The Folger Spotlight Resources related to Daughters of the Deer by Danielle Daniel. Marmalade boxes, Lenten fasts, and love Collation Marmalade boxes, Lenten fasts, and love Posted March 1, 2024 Author Heather Wolfe Heather Wolfe discovers the true intentions behind Jane Skipwith’s marmalade box A New Poem by Rita Dove Invites Visitors Inside Folger Story A New Poem by Rita Dove Invites Visitors Inside Posted February 28, 2024 Author Esther Ferington Rita Dove shares the story behind her new poem, which is inscribed in the marble edge around the Folger’s west garden. “Cast in darkness": Who should play Richard III? Shakespeare and Beyond “Cast in darkness": Who should play Richard III? Posted February 27, 2024 Author Austin Tichenor Austin Tichenor argues for the importance of casting disabled actors as Richard III, spotlighting Chicago Shakespeare Theater’s production with Katy Sullivan in the title role. Eddie Izzard on Performing Hamlet Solo Shakespeare Unlimited Eddie Izzard on Performing Hamlet Solo Posted February 27, 2024 Legendary comedian and actor Eddie Izzard tells us about her one-actor performance of Hamlet. Q&A: Madeline Sayet on "Where We Belong," Shakespeare, and Indigenous writers Shakespeare and Beyond Q&A: Madeline Sayet on "Where We Belong," Shakespeare, and Indigenous writers Posted February 23, 2024 Author Shakespeare & Beyond “Things don’t just happen. Everything around us was actually created intentionally at some point in time, right? So in order to break down systemic oppression, you really have to look at how things were constructed.” Learn more about the search process About the Folger's Search for a New Director The Folger is seeking a seasoned and strategic director with energy and vision to lead the organization into its second century. Learn more about the search process. Our collection The Shakespeare First Folio The First Folio The Folger has the world’s largest collection of First Folios. Learn more about the book that gave us Shakespeare. Collection highlights A majestic portrait The Folger collection includes about 200 paintings. This portrait of Queen Elizabeth I by George Gower is dated 1579 making it the oldest painting in our collection. Two years after he completed this portrait, Gower became Serjeant Painter to the Queen, making him the most important artist in England. Our other Elizabeth I holdings include hand-signed letters, books, and even New Year’s gift rolls detailing her holiday gifts. It is the largest collection of Elizabeth I materials in North America. View more collection highlights Shakespeare’s works View the full list of plays and poems to read, search, and download our bestselling editions of Shakespeare’s works. See all the plays and poems Shakespeare’s most popular plays Romeo and Juliet Romeo and Juliet Macbeth Macbeth A Midsummer Night’s Dream A Midsummer Night's Dream Julius Caesar Julius Caesar Othello Othello Hamlet Hamlet Explore Shakespeare’s theater What was Shakespeare's theater like? Learn about the Globe and other London playhouses where Shakespeare’s company performed. What was it like to be an actor there, or an audience member? Teach The Folger Method How can Shakespeare help 21st-century students be stronger readers? Our Folger Method is revolutionizing how not just Shakespeare but all literature is taught using strategies that allow all students to own – and enjoy – complex texts. Research Featured research projects and initiatives If we are what we eat, what can recipes from the past tell us? Projects like Before ‘Farm to Table’ unite scholars and practitioners in investigations into the past to shed light on what matters to us today. Support the things you love Your gifts make access to our collection, learning opportunities, and exciting experiences happen. Give today Become a member Stay connected Find out what’s on, read our latest stories, and learn how you can get involved. Sign up Footer information About us Jobs and internships Press Blogs Podcast Rent our spaces Folger Shakespeare Library 201 East Capitol Street, SE Washington, DC 20003 Contact us Follow us on social media Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube Privacy policy Terms of use Copyright policy © 1996 - 2024 Folger Shakespeare Library Site by substrakt