Technology - Vox Skip to main content clock menu more-arrow no yes mobile Vox homepage Give Give Newsletters Newsletters Site search Search Search Vox main menu Explainers Crossword Video Podcasts Politics Policy Culture Science Technology Climate Health Money Life Future Perfect Newsletters More Explainers Israel-Hamas war 2024 election Supreme Court Tax season Winter warming What to watch All explainers Crossword Video Podcasts Politics Policy Culture Science Technology Climate Health Money Life Future Perfect Newsletters ✕ Technology Uncovering and explaining how our digital world is changing — and changing us. Navigation for Technology Big Tech Social Media Innovation Privacy Future of Work Tech Policy Power More navigation items for Technology Big Tech Social Media Innovation Privacy Future of Work Tech Policy Power Show All Featured stories Are we in the middle of an extinction panic? How doomsday proclamations about AI echo existential anxieties of the past. By Sean Illing A poster’s guide to who’s selling your data to train AI Those Tumblr, Reddit, and WordPress posts you never thought would see the light of day? Yep, them too. By A.W. Ohlheiser The less-than-magical Willy Wonka event, briefly explained By Li Zhou February 28 Filed under: The rise of artificial intelligence, explained Understand how ChatGPT, Stable Diffusion, and DALL-E are transforming our world — from text and image generation to how we live and work. View All Stories The Supreme Court appeared lost in a massive case about free speech online By Ian Millhiser February 26 America’s first moon landing in 50 years, explained By Li Zhou February 23 What two years of AI development can tell us about Sora By Kelsey Piper February 23 AI-generated video is here to awe and mislead By A.W. Ohlheiser February 22 Your brain needs a really good lawyer By Sigal Samuel February 21 Can California show the way forward on AI safety? By Kelsey Piper February 16 The Supreme Court will decide if the government can seize control of YouTube and Twitter By Ian Millhiser February 15 How discredited health claims find a second life on TikTok By A.W. Ohlheiser February 15 A brief history of Silicon Valley’s fascination with drugs By Whizy Kim February 14 Carmakers pumped the brakes on hybrid cars too soon By Umair Irfan February 14 Who’ll blink first: The world’s largest music company or TikTok? By Sean Rameswaram and Hady Mawajdeh February 13 Can effective altruism stay effective? By Kelsey Piper February 9 What we’ve learned from 20 years of Facebook By A.W. Ohlheiser February 8 Can the courts save us from dangerous AI? By Dylan Matthews February 7 Should we make our most powerful AI models open source to all? By Kelsey Piper February 2 What wearing Apple’s Vision Pro headset does to our brains By Adam Clark Estes February 1 Elon Musk wants to merge humans with AI. How many brains will be damaged along the way? By Sigal Samuel January 30 Why would anyone be against lifesaving malaria bednets? By Dylan Matthews January 25 Video Space trash lasers, explained Space debris is a huge problem, but we can fix it. Play video for Space trash lasers, explained We’re already using AI more than we realize How artificial intelligence hides in plain sight. Play video for We’re already using AI more than we realize Sign up for the Vox video newsletter Don’t miss our new video projects, returning series, and opportunities to get involved with our reporting. More in Video vox-mark Sign up for the newsletter Today, Explained Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day. Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page. Subscribe Explainers The conspiracy theories about Kate Middleton’s disappearance, explained Until March 4, the princess hadn’t been seen in public since Christmas. More in Explainers How copyright lawsuits could kill OpenAI By Adam Clark Estes January 18 How cyberscams are drawing China into Myanmar’s civil war By Joshua Keating January 18 There are too many chatbots By Pranav Dixit January 11 Thousands of AI experts are torn about what they’ve created, new study finds By Kelsey Piper January 10 Are flying cars finally here? By Dylan Matthews January 5 You thought 2023 was a big year for AI? Buckle up. By Adam Clark Estes January 4 24 things we think will happen in 2024 By Bryan Walsh, Dylan Matthews, and 4 more January 1 Online daters love to hate on Hinge. 10 years in, it’s more popular than ever. By Hanna Kozlowska December 28, 2023 Silicon Valley’s very masculine year By Zoë Bernard December 27, 2023 The 10 most read Future Perfect stories of 2023 By Bryan Walsh December 22, 2023 Why a journaling app is the most interesting thing Apple has done this year By Adam Clark Estes December 21, 2023 Chatbot therapy is risky. It’s also not useless. By A.W. Ohlheiser December 14, 2023 We’re all addicted to cheap stuff — and Temu knows it By Whizy Kim December 14, 2023 Starbucks has lost $11 billion market value, and not because of boycotts By Emily Stewart December 13, 2023 We’re still in a fight for survival when it comes to AI safety By Zvi Mowshowitz December 13, 2023 Plagiarism doesn’t need AI to thrive online By A.W. Ohlheiser December 7, 2023 Qubit by qubit, the quantum computers of tomorrow are coming into being By Bryan Walsh December 6, 2023 Local police should not be your go-to source for iPhone safety news By A.W. Ohlheiser November 29, 2023 Filed under: The 2023 Future Perfect 50 Katja Grace wants you to stop thinking of AI as an arms race By Sigal Samuel November 29, 2023 Filed under: The 2023 Future Perfect 50 Paul Christiano and Beth Barnes are trying to make advanced AI honest, and safe By Dylan Matthews November 29, 2023 Podcasts Helping you understand the most important news in the world, five days a week Go right up to the edge of what we know … and then keep going Embrace uncertainty More in Podcasts vox-mark Sign up for the newsletter Vox Recommends Curated picks of the best Vox journalism to read, watch, and listen to every week, from our editors. Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Subscribe Pagination More Stories Sign up for the newsletter Today, Explained Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day. Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page. Subscribe close Chorus Facebook Twitter YouTube About us Our staff Privacy policy Ethics & Guidelines How we make money Contact us How to pitch Vox Contact Send Us a Tip Vox MediaVox Media Vox Media logo. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media Author Login © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved