Databox | An Analytics Platform that's powerful, but easy-to-use Products Databox Analytics Metrics & KPIs Dashboards Reports Benchmarks Forecasts Goals Performance Management Platform Integrations Platform Overview Metric Library Dashboard Templates Report Templates Benchmark Groups Services Free Setup Watch a DemoLearn how Databox work in a few minutes. Watch now Solutions Objective Centralize & Visualize Your Data Automate Your Reporting Make Better Decisions View Case Studies Team Leadership Marketing Sales Industry SaaS Ecommerce Agencies & Consultants Try it FreeStart a free trial to try Databox for 14 days, no credit card required. Book a DemoStart Trial Resources Learn Help Center Training Course Custom data API docs Dashboard examples Improve Blog Podcast Newsletter Become a contributor Free tools Partner Partner Directory Become a Partner Pricing Login Book a Demo Try it, Free Login Book a Demo Try it, Free 4.8 4.5 based on 1,000+ reviews An Easy-to-Use Analytics Platform for Growing Businesses Databox makes it easy for you to centralize your data then use it to make better decisions and improve performance Try It, Free Book a Demo Trusted by 7,000+ growing businesses Always know how you’re performing Make data-informed decisions about where to invest your marketing spend, when to hire, or where you have room for improvement. BEFORE DATABOX Data is scattered across a bunch of tools and teams It takes too long to get the information you need It’s hard to get insights from your data You rely on hunches and feelings You spend hours every month creating manual reports AFTER DATABOX You have a centralized source of truth Your team or clients can get the answers they need, on-demand Get clear visibility into your company’s health You make better decisions, informed by data Spend less time reporting and more on strategy Centralize all your data, quickly and easily Stop juggling a dozen browser tabs, copying and pasting screenshots, and pasting numbers into a spreadsheet. Use Databox to securely store it one place. Centralize all your data From Software 100s of different SaaS applications to Databases API’s & Spreadsheets Then put it to work Visualize It Track It Report It Forecast It Benchmark It Explore All Integrations An all-in-one platform to turn data into decisions (and dollars) Centralize, visualize, analyze, and improve your performance, all in one place. Metrics & KPI’s TRACK PERFORMANCE Track every number you need in one place Track thousands of pre-built metrics Get alerted when performance changes via Slack, Email or App Combine multiple metrics to create custom ones Explore Metrics Dashboards VISUALIZE PERFORMANCE Build beautiful dashboards to uncover new insights Drag and drop builder & 1-click templates Change visuals on the fly, and compare multiple timelines Stream dashboards to TV or view them with our mobile app Explore Dashboards Reports SHARE PERFORMANCE Create custom presentations and share them automatically Customize your reports, adding your logo, brand colors, and more Add dashboards or single metrics to slides in one click Combine visuals with automated performance summaries Explore Reports Goals TRACK PERFORMANCE Make sure you hit your goals Set goals and track their progress Set alerts to notify you if you’re not on track to hit your goal View your goal progress in your Performance overview screenshot Explore Goals Forecasts ANTICIPATE PERFORMANCE Predict future performance to plan better now View the “best” and “worst-case” scenarios Forecast next month, quarter, or year Compare forecasts to your goals and historical data Explore Forecasts Benchmarks COMPARE PERFORMANCE Find opportunities to improve Search thousands of marketing, sales, and financial benchmarks Apply filters to compare performance to similar companies Save important benchmarks to track them over time Explore Benchmarks WHY DATABOX Powerful or and accessible We took the best tools normally found in complicated enterprise analytics platforms, and made them accessible and easy to use for growing businesses. Pre-built templates & metrics Create dashboards, reports, and metrics in a few clicks, then customize them for your needs. You bring the data, we’ll handle the science Just integrate your data, then use our analytics features to benchmark, monitor, predict, and improve your performance. Each tool is designed to work together Turn a metric into a goal, track the goal on a dashboard, or embed dashboards in your reports. Easy to setup and use Anyone on your team can build their first dashboard in 5 minutes or less. No code or analysts required. Flexible and customizable Each team can track the metrics and goals important to them, and analyze the data that matters most. Personalized customer service Our support team will help you apply the platform to your company’s unique needs. Why Choose Databox Learn how 7,000+ companies like yours are using it BY TYPE B2B / Saas Agencies B2C / Ecommerce BY SOLUTION Centralize & Visualize Data Improve Your Reporting Make Better Decisions BY TEAM For Leadership For Marketing For Sales How First Response Grew Sales By 55% Year-Over-Year Read story How Deeplite Uses Databox to Visualize Their Marketing Funnel and Cut Reporting Time Read story How MarketLauncher Improved Goal Achievement By 20% Read story How Virta Uses Databox To Build A Data-Informed Culture Read story Browse Case Studies Build your first dashboard in 5 minutes or less Try It, Free Book A Demo Latest from our blog Fostering Collaboration with Collaborators ClubFebruary 28, 2024 Navigating the Road to Product-Market Fit: Our Journey with Benchmark GroupsFebruary 26, 2024 Product Overview Metrics & KPIs Dashboards Reports Benchmarks Forecasts Automation Goals Compare vs. Tableau vs. Looker Studio vs. Klipfolio vs. Power BI vs. Whatagraph vs. AgencyAnalytics Company About Careers Product & Engineering Inside Databox Terms of Service Privacy Policy Talent Resources We're Hiring! Support Start Chat Help Center Training API Documentation Status Easy-to-use analytics for growing businesses 2024 © Databox, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Already have an account? Sign in Create your Free Databox account Forever Free No credit card required Sign up with Google or sign up with email E-mail Full name Password Create your Account By signing up for Databox, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Creating your account...