Official Google Mobile Blog skip to main | skip to sidebar Google Mobile Blog News and notes from the Google Mobile team Visit the Android Blog The Official Android Blog and +Android on Google+ are your new must-reads for Android updates. Visit one of our other product blogs for specific mobile product news. Search This Blog Blog Archive Blog Archive August (1) June (1) May (2) April (3) March (5) February (5) January (1) December (8) November (9) October (6) September (7) August (2) July (12) June (7) May (11) April (8) March (12) February (9) January (7) December (18) November (10) October (8) September (10) August (10) July (4) June (11) May (7) April (14) March (13) February (10) January (7) December (7) November (14) October (14) September (6) August (7) July (9) June (13) May (10) April (7) March (7) February (11) January (4) December (11) November (7) October (9) September (6) August (6) July (11) June (12) May (4) April (8) March (5) February (5) January (8) December (6) November (3) Labels android (109) iphone (79) google maps for mobile (60) google search (45) BlackBerry (25) gmail for mobile (21) google latitude (21) Google Mobile Search (19) windows mobile (17) google mobile ads (14) google maps navigation (12) youtube (12) google goggles (11) palm webos (10) google voice (9) search by voice (9) ipad (8) symbian (8) Google Apps (7) google sync (6) enterprise (4) google buzz (4) You asked, we listened: more Android! Wednesday, August 1, 2012 | 11:21 AM A few months ago, we asked what content you wanted to see more of on the Google Mobile Blog, and the answer was quite clear: more Android! We launched +Android on Google+ and now we’ve launched the Official Android Blog, a new place for you to find all the latest news from the Android team. Going forward, the new Android Blog will be a must-read for anyone interested in the latest news like today's Google Wallet announcement. Thanks for being such a great audience over the years. Posted by the Mobile Blog Team 5 comments | | Email Post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Mobile Blog Google Offers app now available on iPhone Tuesday, June 19, 2012 | 10:33 AM Today we’re announcing the new Google Offers app for iPhone. Now, iPhone users can discover, buy and redeem Google Offers, as well as deals from our partners, on-the-go. Some of the features of the new Google Offers app for iPhone include: Instant savings, just around the corner: Quickly discover offers near you in map view or search for deals by category to easily find the right deal for you. See & use the deals you want, when you want them: All of your purchased and saved offers are tracked in "My Offers,” for easy access from your iPhone or online. Savings made simple: Instantly redeem most offers with your iPhone, without having to print vouchers. Never miss a great deal: Get notifications when new deals are available or when a deal that you’ve purchased or saved is about to expire. Browse deals near you in map view, purchase offers directly from the app, and get instant access to all of your deals in “My Offers” Download the Google Offers app for iPhone today from The App Store. This app is only available in the U.S. Posted by Robert Kim, Product Manager, Google Offers 8 comments | | Email Post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Mobile Blog A faster, simpler Google Search app for iPhone Wednesday, May 23, 2012 | 9:17 AM (Cross posted on the Official Google Blog) Starting today, when you use the Google Search app on your iPhone, you’ll see a completely redesigned interface that gives you faster results, beautiful full-screen image search, and a simple way to access all your Google apps in one place. Search by voice, by typing, or with your camera Get results, fast When you’re on the go, you usually want to get things done quickly. Autocompletion of search suggestions is significantly faster in this latest version of the app, bringing you search predictions instantly with each letter you type. You'll also notice that results load faster, and checking out webpages is easy with the slide-in panel. Quickly swipe back and forth between webpages and your search results, and swap between search modes like Images and Places with a swipeable menu. Finding text within a webpage is a snap as well; just try tapping the magnifying glass on the bottom menu option on any page. Easily switch between search modes using the swipeable menu at the bottom Swipe the slide-in panel to instantly return to your search results Beautiful Image Search Searching for images will never again be a chore. Tap the images button at the bottom of the search results page, and watch high-resolution images load into a beautiful grid. Browse the images by scrolling down the full-screen grid, or tap on a single image to get details about it and then quickly swipe from image to image. You can also tap and hold an image to save it to your camera roll to use as your wallpaper or share with a friend. Full-screen image results take advantage of every inch of the screen Swipe or tap on the edges to move between images. Sutro Tower image by Marc Liyanage Simple access We’ve put all of your favorite Google services in one place for easy access. You can choose to browse Google web apps, or see just the apps that you have on your phone. Sign in once, and you’ll never need to sign in again to check a quick email, view your next calendar appointment or see what’s hot on Google+. All your Google mobile apps in one place Download the Google Search app now for a fast, beautiful, simple search experience on your iPhone. Posted by Noah Levin, Interaction Designer, Google Search app 10 comments | | Email Post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Mobile Blog Shop and travel smarter with Google Maps 6.7 for Android - now with Google Offers and indoor walking directions Wednesday, May 9, 2012 | 10:06 AM (Cross-posted on the Lat Long Blog) Wherever you are, Google Maps for Android helps you get around and discover new places. Today with the 6.7 release we will help you find offers from nearby businesses in the U.S. -- everything from restaurants, to salons, to city tours. Also, we’ve added indoor walking directions in the U.S. and Japan, plus 360-degree interior photos of businesses, to help you intrepidly make your way indoors and out. Discover great offers near you Today, in the U.S. only, we’re launching a way to discover nearby Google Offers in Google Maps for Android. To see great deals near you, tap on “Maps” to open the dropdown menu and then tap on “Offers.” If you see something you like you can click on it to learn more. Some Google Offers can be purchased and saved for later while others are immediately available for free. With free Google Offers, press “Use now” to redeem instantly or “Save for later” for future use. You can also opt-in to receive notifications in the app when there are offers near you. Explore the great indoors with walking directions and Business Photos. Since we launched indoor maps in the U.S. and Japan in Google Maps for Android last November, business owners have been adding their floor plans to our maps with Google Maps Floor Plans. Today, we are launching indoor walking directions for participating venues in these countries. This will help you get directions not only to a building’s front door, but also through those doors to the places where you want to go inside. Get Indoor walking directions in indoor maps (photo: Macy’s San Francisco) With Google Business Photos you can explore panoramic photos of the inside of a business from the palm of your hand. Now you can get a feel for a restaurant or store inside as well as outside using Street View technologies. To access these 360-degree panoramic views, look for the “See Inside” section on the Place page of select businesses. See the interior of participating businesses with Business Photos (photo: Toyjoy) Download Google Maps 6.7 for Android from Google Play, and use it as your trusted guide to help you find and discover places to eat, shop and play! You can also learn more about other great features on the Google Maps YouTube channel. Posted by Benjamin Grol, Product Manager for Google Maps for Android 17 comments | | Email Post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Mobile Blog Galaxy Nexus now on sale in Google Play Tuesday, April 24, 2012 | 8:00 AM We started shipping Nexus phones more than two years ago to give you a pure Google experience and access to the latest Android updates. Today, we’ve started selling Galaxy Nexus (HSPA+) from a new Devices section in the Google Play web store, so you can quickly and easily purchase an unlocked version of the phone. We want to give you a place to purchase Nexus devices that work really well with your digital entertainment.Galaxy Nexus by Samsung runs the latest Android software, Ice Cream Sandwich, with Google mobile services, Google Play and new features like Android Beam and Google+ mobile hangouts. It also offers a 4.65” HD Super AMOLED display that’s perfect for watching movies, playing games or reading books on the go.First available in the U.S., Galaxy Nexus costs $399 and arrives at your door unlocked, without a carrier commitment or contract. You can use it on the GSM network of your choice, including T-Mobile and AT&T. It also comes pre-installed with the Google Wallet app which lets you easily make purchases and redeem offers with a tap of your phone. Best of all, we'll give you a $10 credit to get you started with your new mobile wallet. We’ve come a long way since the first Android devices started hitting shelves three and a half years ago and since the launch of the first Nexus device. More than 300 million Android devices have been activated globally. We’ve worked with developers and content partners to launch Google Play, offering more than 500,000 apps, millions of songs and books, and thousands of movies. And we’ve implemented new customer support services to improve the purchasing experience on Google Play. We’ve taken all of this into consideration in designing Devices on Google Play. We hope to bring it to more countries soon.Posted by Andy Rubin, Senior Vice President of Mobile and Digital Content 62 comments | | Email Post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Mobile Blog Chrome for Android Update Tuesday, April 17, 2012 | 10:56 AM (Cross posted on the Google Chrome Blog)Since we launched Chrome for Android Beta in February, we’ve been listening closely to all of your feedback (thank you!). It’s great to hear how so many of you love having the Chrome experience on your Android 4.0 phone or tablet. With today’s update, Chrome for Android Beta is now available in 31 more languages and in all countries where Google Play is available. We’ve also added many much-requested features, including: You can now request the desktop version of a website, in case you would rather not view the mobile version. You can now add bookmarks as shortcuts on your home screen, so you can get to your favorite sites faster. Choose your favorite apps to handle links opened in Chrome. Have a proxy setup for Wi-Fi access? You can now use Chrome with the system proxy configured in Android settings. If you build websites, you may want to take note of a change in the User-Agent specification for Chrome for Android. If you haven’t already, you can install Chrome for Android Beta from Google Play on your Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) phone or tablet. As we're still in Beta, we look forward to your feedback so we can continue to improve Chrome for Android.Posted byDan Alcantara and Oli Lan, Software Engineers on Chrome for Android 11 comments | | Email Post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Mobile Blog Google Currents goes international Wednesday, April 11, 2012 | 8:54 AM In December we launched Google Currents, an app for Android and iOS devices that lets you explore online magazines and other content with the swipe of a finger. We’re thrilled by how many readers and publishers are using the app in the U.S. -- nearly 400 publisher editions and over 14,000 self-produced editions are now available. After the U.S. launch, the top features readers requested were to make the app available internationally and to allow content to sync quickly. We’ve heard you, and today we’re making Google Currents 1.1 available around the world. Hundreds of U.S. editions are now readable in your preferred language with a new publisher-selected translation feature, and local publishers can begin adding their content to the catalog through Google Currents Producer. Plus, a new dynamic sync feature improves your reading experience with fresh content wherever you are. Whatever you’re interested in -- whether it’s science (Popular Science, Scientific American, Space.com), sports (Bleacher Report, CBS Sports, Surfer), business (Harvard Business Review, Inc.), celebrities (Celebuzz, HollywoodLife, Now magazine, TMZ), health & wellness (Men’s Health, Yoga Journal), design (Colossal, Dwell) or news (The Atlantic, PRI, Slate) -- it’s easy to find a great edition to read in Google Currents. Read in more placesWith this update, we’ve made Google Currents available globally, wherever apps are available on Google Play and the Apple App Store. International publishers, using Google Currents Producer, can now begin adding local content for an international audience, choosing where to make it available globally and whether to enable auto-translation. For example The Guardian in the UK, LaStampa in Italy, Financial Times Deutschland in Germany, ABC News in Australia, Neue Zürcher Zeitung in Switzerland and Hindustan Times in India have already started publishing editions with local content. Readers can also add their favorite local blogs which are instantly converted into Currents editions. Read in your favorite language To help you enjoy content in your preferred language, we’ve integrated Google Translate into Google Currents. Just press the globe icon while reading an edition, and you can automatically translate that edition to one of 38 supported languages. So it’s easier than ever to keep up with Italian and German sports (Corriere dello Sport, kicker.de), or read Scientific American, in your preferred language. Read fresh content, automatically With our new dynamic sync feature, you’ll always have fresh content to read. As you open each edition, new content is dynamically delivered, using a minimum of your phone or tablet's battery, bandwidth and storage. Those of you who travel on planes and trains can choose which editions you would like fully packaged for offline reading, including images. Learn more about what’s new in Currents here. Google Currents is now available for download on Google Play and in the Apple App Store, wherever apps are available. Whether you’re a reader or a publisher, we hope that Google Currents helps you easily experience the best content on the web, now in even more languages. Posted by Mussie Shore, Product Manager 13 comments | | Email Post Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Mobile Blog Older Posts Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) ©2010 Google - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service