Featured Content on Myspace Myspace Search Discover Featured Music Videos People Sign up Sign in Help Site Info Privacy Terms Ad Opt-Out Do-Not-Sell My Personal Information A part of the People / Entertainment Weekly Network. Report Abuse © 2014 Myspace LLC.All rights reserved Prev Article Next Article NEWS Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nine Inch Nails, Slipknot and KISS to Headline Louder Than Life Lineup NEWS Charli XCX shares full ‘Crash’ track listing NEWS Fly Anakin Carves His Own Lane on Frank NEWS Rammstein share powerful new ballad ‘Zeit’ and unveil new album NEWS Deftones Part Ways With Bassist Sergio Vega NEWS Florence Pugh in talks to star in ‘Dune: Part Two’ Katelyn Ryan Member Calvin Harris Musician Patrick McCloud Member Ashley Benson Artist, Actor Connect with People or Profile Type Musician Designer Photographer Artist DJ / Producer Blogger Filmmaker Writer Comedian Actor Model Promoter Venue Brand Developer Entrepreneur Curator Dancer Athlete Activist Entertainer All Genres Pop Rap & Hip-Hop Rock Country Latin R&B Electronic Alternative/Indie Rock Metal Reggae Blues Religious Jazz Classical Folk Gender Male Female Age Search More▾ NEWS ARTIST OF THE DAY Q&A EVERYBODY LOVES A LIST! TOP 8 PORTRAITS FREE LUNCH 10 THINGS PROFILING PREMIERE CROWD SURFING TATTOOSDAY WRESTLING WEDNESDAY NEW MUSIC FRIDAY MIKE'S FAVORITE THINGS ON THE INNERWEBS PLAYLIST FEATURE IN MEMORIAM GALLERY 20 QUESTIONS #THROWBACKTHURSDAY WHAT YOU MISSED OVER THE WEEKEND NEWS 1450 Thom Yorke Surprise-Releases New Song ‘5.17’ Song may be featured in ‘Peaky Blinders’ NEWS 1256 Behind the Scenes of Mothica’s Newest Mental Health-Based Track, ‘Sensitive’ Take an exclusive look at the making of the singer’s latest track NEWS 599 Dolly Parton ‘Respectfully Bows Out’ of Rock Hall Nomination “I wish all of the nominees good luck and thank you again for the compliment,” the country icon writes on Twitter NEWS 249 Bikini Kill Detail 2022 Summer Tour They’ll close the run on September 17 in Redmond, Washington NEWS 1317 Yeah Yeah Yeahs Tease First New Music in More Than Nine Years They also announced two UK shows NEWS 304 The Rolling Stones Announce 60th Anniversary Tour They’ll kick off on June 1 in Madrid The Best in Music & Culture. All In One Place. Join the Millions of Musicians and Artists on Myspace Sign Up Today NEWS 504 Yungblud Shares ‘The Funeral’ Video With Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne Cameo The video is out after several days extensive social media promotion from the alt-rocker. NEWS 299 Flea Joins Nick Cave and Warren for Performance of ‘We No Who U R’ It was the first Cave and Ellis’ two shows in Los Angeles NEWS 406 George R.R. Martin gives update on ‘Game Of Thrones’ spin-offs He’s also still working on the sixth mainline novel ‘The Winds Of Winter’ IN MEMORIAM 278 Mike Cross, Founding Guitarist of Sponge, Dies at 57 “One of the musical architects and founding member of Sponge. His influence and talent will be missed.” NEWS 142 Black Keys Announce 11th Studio Album Dropout Boogie, Share ‘Wild Child’ The Black Keys have a new album on the way. NEWS 167 Florence + The Machine Announce Dance Fever, Release ‘My Love’ Welch describes her upcoming record as “Nick Cave at the club” Myspace Exclusives GETTING NAILED Too Short - Getting Nailed THE PEDICAB INTERVIEWS The Pedicab Interviews: Chris Cole NEWS 112 How MGMT’s ‘Little Dark Age’ Became an Unstoppable TikTok Meme Title track of band’s fourth album has spawned more than 5 million videos about social justice, trans rights, anime and the war in Ukraine NEWS 79 Pavement Unveil New Video for ‘Harness Your Hopes’ Tickets are still available to see the band this fall in Europe and North America NEWS 73 The National’s new album has a “classic” sound with “a lot of energy” "It kind of feels back to the classic National sound in a way, which was really just the five of us, and it has a lot of energy in it," says guitarist Bryce Dessner NEWS 94 Bob Dylan Announces First New Book in 18 Years Bob Dylan offers songwriting insight in his new book NEWS 75 The Muppets series about Electric Mayhem Band in the works "Their take is fresh, fun, musical and of course, hilarious" NEWS 62 King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard Tease First Double LP With 18-Minute Single ‘Omnium Gatherum’ features new material plus outtakes from the band’s previous projects NEWS 89 Alanis Morissette Details Jagged Little Pill 25th Anniversary Tour New music is also on the way NEWS 87 Blink-182’s Travis Barker is developing a new reality TV series, ‘Inked And Iced’ The show is "about self-expression, the human body as an art canvas, capitalism, eccentricity and entrepreneurship" NEWS 51 John Doe to Release New Solo Album Ultimately, I hope to send the listener to an unknown place with unpredictable characters and let them all live in that foreign land,” Doe said of his upcoming record NEWS 96 Snoop Dogg joins esports outfit Faze Clan as a content creator Snoop Dogg is also joining Faze Clan's board of directors once the company goes public NEWS 92 The Weeknd to Appear on Upcoming Episode of The Simpsons The appearance comes just before the Canadian pop act takes his new album on tour. NEWS 39 Arcade Fire continue to tease new material with sheet music and postcards Fans have been sharing their mail from the band online NEWS 45 Wage War on Their Rise and the Importance of Mental Health At the end of the episode, the band performed “Circle the Drain.” NEWS 55 Watch Vince Staples’ Surrealist Video for ‘Magic’ The rapper’s second album is due for release this April NEWS 48 Sam Smith and Normani sued for “obvious” copyright infringement on collaboration A new lawsuit against the pair alleges that it was “impossible that the infringing composition and sound recording were independently created" NEWS 68 Lady Gaga Announces Chromatica Ball Summer Stadium Tour The pop icon closes the run in September in Los Angeles NEWS 42 ‘Peaky Blinders’ fans celebrate Tom Hardy’s return as Alfie Solomons Spoilers ahead for ‘Peaky Blinders’ season six episode two NEWS 39 Phoebe Bridgers Shares Haunting Cover of Billie Eilish’s ‘When The Party’s Over’ She played the cover on her inaugural episode of Saddest Factory Radio NEWS 48 Dua Lipa reacts to Oscar Isaac fan-fiction story about her on ‘Saturday Night Live’ "Adds to list of things I never thought would happen in my life" NEWS 31 A Portrait of the Artist as A Jung Man There’s a lot going on in Victor Spinelli’s art… NEWS 171 Pearl Jam’s Stone Gossard on Reviving Loosegroove Label: ‘I’m Still A Kid in the Sandbox’ Label plotting new releases from Painted Shield, Brittany Davis, Brad and Tigercub NEWS 182 ‘The Batman’: Post-credits tease features a secret Riddler message Get quizzed by the Riddler for a surprise NEWS 198 Red Hot Chili Peppers Share Latest Single ‘Poster Child’ ‘Unlimited Love’ is out on April 1 NEWS 108 James Gunn supports Pete Davidson after Kanye West’s controversial ‘Eazy’ video The rapper buries a likeness of Davidson alive in the track’s video NEWS 127 Kevin Morby Announces New Album This Is A Photograph A new single and music video are out today NEWS 102 ‘The Boys’ actor Antony Starr gets suspended prison sentence after assault in pub The actor allegedly admitted to assaulting a chef in Spain NEWS 140 Madonna, Sickick and Fireboy DML Remix Her 1998 Hit ‘Frozen’ She had been teasing the remix for the past week NEWS 70 The Lemonheads Headline Official SPIN SXSW Showcase With 30th Anniversary Set of It’s a Shame About Ray Performances from Bass Drum of Death, Pom Pom Squad, BLACKSTARKIDS, Cassandra Jenkins, and more NEWS 130 The Weeknd Details 2022 North American Stadium Tour Dates The Canadian singer will close the run in September in Los Angeles’ SoFi Stadium NEWS 65 L’Eclair Are Jamming Their Way to Instrumental Bliss Swiss sextet rides the eternal groove on ‘Confusions’ NEWS 93 Jack White and Q-Tip Join Forces on New Single ‘Hi-De-Ho’ He also shared “Queen of the Bees’ from ‘Entering Heaven Alive’ NEWS 56 Band of Horses Survived…Barely Ben Bridwell on anxiety, breakups, and refusing to settle NEWS 92 Brad Pitt takes on Bad Bunny in trailer for action thriller ‘Bullet Train’ Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Michael Shannon and Sandra Bullock also star NEWS 48 Belle and Sebastian to Release First Album in 7 Years, Listen to ‘Unnecessary Drama’ The Stars of Indie Pop return with single “Unnecessary Drama” to be featured on forthcoming album. NEWS 59 John DiMaggio to return as Bender in ‘Futurama’ revival: “I’m back, baby!” The voice actor didn’t originally sign on over a pay dispute NEWS 48 The Offspring Detail U.S. Spring Tour The tour will close May 22 at the Eagles Ballroom in Milwaukee NEWS 53 Charli XCX tells critics of new single: “I’m living my best life – and that’s the tea” She responded to some fans on Twitter who aren't impressed by her latest outing NEWS 37 PUP Release ‘Matilda’ Off Upcoming Album PUP unveiled the latest single, NEWS 56 King Hannah Isn’t Sorry The Liverpool duo discuss their debut album and the necessity of space NEWS 69 ‘The Batman’: Zoë Kravitz “interpreted” Catwoman as bisexual "She has an intimacy with that character," said director Matt Reeves NEWS 34 Bartees Strange Pays Homage to Loved Ones With A ‘Heavy Heart’ Freshly signed to 4AD, NEWS 57 ‘South Park’ prepares for nuclear war in new promo clip "We are going to be prepared" NEWS 28 Sharon Van Etten Shares New Single ‘Used to It’ and Accompanying Video It’s her second release of the year NEWS 48 Watch Avril Lavigne perform with Travis Barker and Blackbear on ‘Kimmel’ The trio offered up an energetic airing of 'Love It When You Hate Me' NEWS 29 Hear Wet Leg’s Upbeat New Song ‘Angelica’ Wet Leg’s debut album is set for release on April 8. NEWS 24 Roosevelt Gets Bodies Moving and Hearts Racing on Polydans After a breakthrough 2021, the German musician has big plans in store for this year. NEWS 35 Watch Maynard James Keenan try to play Jenga during a Tool show The band are currently on the North American leg of their world tour NEWS 32 Bridget Everett Is Trying Her Best https://www.spin.com/2022/02/bridget-everett-somebody-somewhere-interview NEWS 55 Ryan Reynolds opens up about struggling with anxiety The star admitted he feels like he has "two parts" of his personality NEWS 46 Courtney Love Addresses Complicated Relationship With Mark Lanegan on Instagram, Deletes Post She replaced the rant with a more simple tribute NEWS 44 ‘Euphoria’ sparks rise in young people seeking help for addiction The UK Addiction Treatment Group has reported a small rise NEWS 32 LCD Soundsystem Go Deep Into Their Catalog in Second Saturday Night Live Performance This was the band’s second appearance on the late-night comedy show NEWS 46 ‘Peaky Blinders’ cast hit Birmingham for season six premiere Sophie Rundle, Kate Phillips and Finn Cole were among those in attendance NEWS 47 Bonnie Raitt Announces First Album in 6 Years, Share New Song ‘Made Up Mind’ Record came together as 50th anniversary of her debut approached NEWS 54 Megan Thee Stallion shares texts after Tory Lanez shooting “Lie yo way out of this" NEWS 42 Tears for Fears The Tipping Point 2017 was a year of extremes. NEWS 32 Bloc Party share soaring new single ‘Sex Magik’ It's the latest preview of the band's long-awaited sixth album, 'Alpha Games' NEWS 24 On Blossoms’ New Album, Tom Ogden Needed to Lean into the Past to Move Forward The indie-pop bandleader discusses how creating a character helped shape the group’s latest LP NEWS 61 With Love Sux, Avril Lavigne Cements Pop-Punk Legacy Her seventh LP is catchy fan service, stuffed with recycled riffs and easy fun NEWS 39 Watch Dave Grohl drink multiple shots and discuss his love of UFOs on ‘Hot Ones’ The Foo Fighters frontman also praised Lorde and Billie Eilish for their respective 'Hot Ones' efforts NEWS 39 O.N.E. The Duo Carve Their Own Path From Wu-Tang Roots to Country Music The first Black mother-daughter duo in country music is far from average NEWS 29 ‘The Fairly OddParents’ live-action reboot trailer draws criticism: “Like a bad ‘SNL’ parody” The revival series introduces a new version of grown-up Timmy Turner NEWS 31 Florence + The Machine Unveil Womanhood Anthem ‘King’ “As an artist, I never actually thought about my gender that much,” Welch said. NEWS 27 ‘What Lies In The Multiverse’ gets new M-rated trailer ahead of upcoming release The new trailer shows exactly why the pixel game is rated mature NEWS 33 Coldplay Cover Kid Cudi and Share New Version of ‘Let Somebody Go’ for Spotify Singles “This is the first time I think that we’ve really taken proper time to record a cover,” Chris Martin said of covering Kid Cudi NEWS 32 Tianna Esperanza Unveils Debut Single ‘Lewis’ Esperanza sings of racism, classism, and oppression on new track. NEWS 34 Johnny Knoxville reveals stunts ‘Jackass’ cast refuse to do “The guys do have irrational fears" EVERYBODY LOVES A LIST! 34 Difficult Fun: February 2022’s Best Punk Dungeon synth, heavy ‘80s drum programming, and one particularly demented split NEWS 39 Watch Green Day drive around in a convertible in new “1972” music teaser Is a new album coming? IN MEMORIAM 29 Mark Lanegan Remembered: Iggy Pop, Peter Hook, Garbage, Greg Dulli and More Pay Tribute He is also known for his work with Queens of the Stone Age and The Gutter Twins NEWS 25 LCD Soundsystem announce Philadelphia and Boston residencies The shows mark the band's first live dates of 2022 NEWS 24 Sigur Rós Announce First Dates in Extensive World Tour, Kjartan Sveinsson Rejoins They’re also at work on their first album in nearly nine years NEWS 36 The Smashing Pumpkins Announce 11-Date U.S. Tour The band is also performing at a few festivals throughout the year NEWS 35 Florence + The Machine announce their return: “Something’s coming” The band's website has been updated with the cryptic cards sent out to fans yesterday NEWS 38 Dua Lipa, My Chemical Romance, Green Day and Halsey to Headline Firefly Festival After several years on the sidelines, NEWS 29 Idris Elba is planning on “leaning away” from acting to focus more on music "Some will love it and some will hate it" NEWS 48 Britney Spears Signs $15 Million Book Deal for Memoir The book deal comes just a few months after Spears’ conservatorship under her father was terminated NEWS 30 ‘Euphoria’: fans think Tom Holland has a secret cameo in new episode Lexi really got everyone to come to her play NEWS 27 The Weeknd Unveils Fully Immersive Music Special, The Weeknd x The Dawn FM Experience ‘The Weeknd x The Dawn FM Experience’ is set to premiere February 26 via Prime Video NEWS 43 49 Winchester Detail Fourth Album, Share Video for ‘Annabel’ ‘Fortune Favors the Bold’ is the country rock band’s fourth studio album NEWS 51 John Williams to compose theme for ‘Obi-Wan Kenobi’ series The ‘Star Wars’ composer returns for the Disney+ series NEWS 82 5 Albums I Can’t Live Without: Avril Lavigne "I prefer streaming music because it gives me easy access to my favorites" Info Connections Comments Shares Search Myspace Start typing... DID YOU MEAN Your search did not return any results. Please try again. Photo from You're now in slide show mode. Hitting < pauses the slideshow and goes back. Hitting > pauses the slideshow and goes forward. SPACEBAR resumes the slideshow. Press ESC to exit. Press ESC to close. Close Sign in to Myspace Use Facebook, Twitter or your email to sign in. Don't have a Myspace account yet? No worries, joining is easy. Facebook Twitter Email or Username Password Forgot password? Keep me signed in Sign In Forgot your password? Enter your email or username. We'll email instructions on how to reset your password. Need help? Learn more about how to retrieve an existing account. Your email ? The email you used to create your account. Username ? The last part of your Myspace URL. Ex: myspace.com/username Back Submit Password request sent We've emailed you instructions on how to reset your password. If you don't see it, don't forget to check your spam folder. Still didnt get it? Go here. Go to Sign In Close Facebook Twitter Email Email or Username Password Forgot login? Don’t have an account? Joining is quick and easy. Join Myspace Getting in is easy. Use one of your social networks or start fresh with an email address. Already have a Myspace account? Sign in. Facebook Twitter Email Join with your email address Email Full Name ? This is how you’ll be known on Myspace. Most people use their real name. Select Gender ? This helps us keep people, musicians and brands searchable on Myspace. Please select Female Male Unspecified Username ? This is your profile URL. Pick one that's 25 characters or less and includes a letter. You can throw in numbers, dots and dashes, too. Password ? Pick one that's hard-to-crack, only known by you, and at least 6 characters long. Email ? Use this to log in to your account, receive notifications and get handy updates from us. Date of Birth ? Please enter the account owner's birth date here. Zip Code ? Please enter your zip code here. I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy. Create Account You're almost ready... We loaded your account with your Facebook details. Help us with just a few more questions. You can always edit this or any other info in settings after joining. Facebook Username ? This is your profile URL. We based it off your Facebook details. But you can pick one that's 25 characters or less and includes a letter. Numbers, dots and dashes are ok, too. Gender ? This helps us keep people, musicians and brands searchable on Myspace. Select one Female Male Unspecified Email ? Use this to log in to your account, receive notifications and get handy updates from us. Password ? Pick one that's hard-to-crack, only known by you, and at least 6 characters long. Zip Code ? Please enter your zip code here. Connect me to Facebook friends and artists on Myspace ? You may already know people on Myspace. If we find matches from your Facebook friends, we'll connect you to them right away. Tell my friends about Myspace ? Let your Facebook friends know you’re on Myspace with an update. I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy. Create Account You're almost ready... We loaded your account with your Twitter details. Help us with just a few more questions. You can always edit this or any other info in settings after joining. Twitter Username ? This is your profile URL. We based it off your Twitter details. But you can pick one that's 25 characters or less and includes a letter. Numbers, dots and dashes are ok, too. Date of Birth ? Please enter the account owner's birth date here. Gender ? This helps us keep people, musicians and brands searchable on Myspace. Select one Female Male Unspecified Email ? Use this to log in to your account, receive notifications and get handy updates from us. Password ? Pick one that's hard-to-crack, only known by you, and at least 6 characters long. Zip Code ? Please enter your zip code here. Connect me to people I follow on Twitter ? You may already know people on Myspace. If we find matches from the people you follow on Twitter, we'll connect you to them right away. Tell my followers about Myspace ? Let your followers know you're on Myspace with a Tweet. I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use Agreement and consent to the Privacy Policy and Video Privacy Policy. Create Account Press esc to close. Close Send a message SEND Welcome to Myspace. Just start typing to find music. QueueMixes Drop music and videos into the areas below This is your queue. Just start typing to find music. Play Next Play Last Start Radio New Mix Create a mix. Sign in to start building your own. Press esc to close. Close remove Upload Video remove Post Connecting to your webcam. You may be prompted by your browser for permission. No Filter Grayscale Sepia Nostalgia Hazy Days Orange Love Lomo Filters Cancel Next Myspace Tip close