Apple News, Rumors, Reviews, Prices & Deals | AppleInsider News Reviews How-Tos Videos Deals Apple Deals MacBook Air Deals MacBook Pro Deals Mac mini Deals Mac Studio Deals iPad Deals AirPods Deals Apple Watch Deals iMac Deals iPhone Deals Apple Trade-in Deals Apple Authorized Resellers Apple Student Discount Macs for Students Price Guides Apple Prices MacBook, iMac & Mac mini Prices iPad Prices Apple Watch Prices iPhone Prices Apple Accessories Prices AirPods & Beats Prices iPad & iPhone Trade-in Values Apple A-Z AirPods Apple TV Apple Watch HomePod iPad iPad mini iPad Pro iPhone iPhone 13 iPhone 13 Pro iPhone 14 iPhone 14 Pro iPhone 15 Mac MacBook Pro MacBook Air Mac Studio iMac Mac mini More... More Forums Podcasts Contact Us Advertise AAPL: 175.1 ( -4.56 ) Toggle navigation News How-Tos Apple A-Z AirPods Apple TV Apple Watch HomePod iPad iPad mini iPad Pro iPhone iPhone 13 iPhone 13 Pro iPhone 14 iPhone 14 Pro iPhone 15 Mac MacBook Pro MacBook Air Mac Studio iMac Mac mini More... Reviews Videos Deals Apple Deals MacBook Air Deals MacBook Pro Deals Mac mini Deals Mac Studio Deals iPad Deals AirPods Deals Apple Watch Deals iMac Deals iPhone Deals Apple Trade-in Deals Apple Authorized Resellers Apple Student Discount Macs for Students Price Guides Apple Prices MacBook, iMac & Mac mini Prices iPad Prices Apple Watch Prices iPhone Prices Apple Accessories Prices AirPods & Beats Prices iPad & iPhone Trade-in Values Podcasts Forums Contact Us Advertise on AI AAPL: 175.1 ( -4.56 ) Copyright © 2024, Quiller Media, Inc. Contact Us | Privacy Policy Top Story M3 MacBook Air vs M2 MacBook Air — Compared Apple's addition of M3 to the MacBook Air line is the very definition of a spec-bump upgrade. Here's what has — and hasn't — changed in Apple's value-oriented notebook family. Featured Stories European Union smacks Apple with $2 billion fine over music streaming Three things Apple got wrong with the Vision Pro launch Apple's new M3 MacBook Air is already on sale at Best Buy How to use two monitors with M3 MacBook Air An Apple Pencil update is coming soon — what you need to know Lowest price ever: OWC 14-port Thunderbolt Dock drops to $99.99 iPhone 14 iPhone 15 Apple Vision Pro MacBook Pro Deals MacBook Pro AirPods iPad Mac mini MacBook Air More... Get Apple News Directly in Your Inbox Latest News How to use SharePlay with CarPlay in iOS 17 Trying to give everyone a turn picking the music on a car ride can be a nightmare. Fortunately, in iOS 17, anyone in the car can control the music from their device with the help of SharePlay, and here's how to do it. Nathaniel Pangaro | 5 hours ago 0 EU fine and shift to AI applying opposing forces to Apple's value, holding it steady An analyst note suggests regulation from the EU and the $2 billion fine may put pressure on Apple's earnings per share, but its shift to AI will help keep the earnings multiple even at about 25x. Wesley Hilliard | 11 hours ago 1 HomePod Software 17.4 lets Siri learn your preferred music service for commands Rather than having to assign a default, HomePod will now automatically launch the user's preferred app for music, podcasts, and audiobooks for the relevant Siri command with the incoming 17.4 update. Wesley Hilliard | 12 hours ago 0 After 14 years, Apple has finally retired the famous MacBook Air wedge shape The MacBook Air's famous wedge-shape design is no more, replaced by the square-sided M3 model. Long live the sloped MacBook Air. William Gallagher | 12 hours ago 14 Apple to pay $14.4M to settle Canadian 'Batterygate' lawsuit A court in British Columbia has given its approval for a settlement that will see Apple pay out up to $14.4 million, to end a class-action lawsuit over alleged iPhone throttling. Malcolm Owen | 13 hours ago 8 Eve Outdoor Outlet, new Aqara products, Lifx returns on HomeKit Insider On this episode of HomeKit Insider, your hosts go through several new product launches and postulate how Apple could leverage AI in the smart home. Andrew O'Hara | 13 hours ago 0 All of Apple's operating systems now have a release candidate beta After release candidates for iOS 17.4 and iPadOS 17.4 hitting last week, Apple has now provided them for macOS Sonoma 14.4, watchOS 10.4, tvOS 17.4, and visionOS 1.1. Malcolm Owen | 14 hours ago 0 Apple Watch bands and iPhone cases come in new spring colors As expected, Apple has updated its Apple Watch and iPhone case roundup, offering new and bright springtime colors for both. Mike Wuerthele | 19 hours ago 5 New M3 MacBook Air arrives with faster Wi-Fi and better performance Four months after Apple debuted the M3 chip, it is now making an appearance in updated 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Air models. Mike Wuerthele | 19 hours ago 16 featured topics of the week APPS How to remove a third-party app's settings pane in iOS & macOS FACETIME How to turn off FaceTime video reactions in iOS 17 and macOS Sonoma IOS 17 How to use the new ProRAW options in iOS 17 IOS 17 How to crossfade Apple Music tracks in iOS 17 Apple on the hunt for new microLED suppliers for future products While Apple's future with microLED is still hazy, and so is a an Apple Watch Ultra using the technology, Apple is hunting down new suppliers for the technology that can handle massive order volumes. Rumor Score 🤔 Possible Malcolm Owen | 20 hours ago 1 Passkey: Which popular apps and services offer the new feature? Apple announced support for passkeys across its platforms in 2022, and many major apps and services have adopted the feature. Here's who uses the security feature. Evan Selleck | 21 hours ago 13 New iPad, MacBook Air, Mac mini: What to expect from Apple in the spring There's a lot of products in Apple's pipeline, including some Mac refreshes, new iPads, and more. Here's what Apple is rumored to deliver in March 2024. Malcolm Owen | 21 hours ago 24 How to create programmatic user interfaces using Xcode Previews Xcode 15 allows you to preview your iOS app's user interface as you build it. Here's how to use it to see how your app appears to users. Chip Loder | 1 day ago 0 Canon: No camera can truly capture video for Apple Vision Pro Canon and other camera companies have been exploring 3D, VR, and AR for a while now, but the Apple Vision Pro represents a very different challenge. Charles Martin | 1 day ago 9 New iPads & Macs could arrive as soon as this week Apple could be days away from launching new iPads and Macs, a report claims, with shaky reports of a retail overhaul and media briefings used as evidence of there being new releases on the horizon. Rumor Score 🤔 Possible Malcolm Owen | 1 day ago 0 New renders show what the iPhone SE 4 might look like A pair of renders said to be from CAD files claim to show the iPhone SE 4, with the new model seemingly including Face ID and a 6.1-inch display. Rumor Score 🤔 Possible Malcolm Owen | 1 day ago 3 Apple's failed 'Project Titan' was a Full Self Driving gamble The abandoned Apple Car shifted gears several times over the past decade, but ultimately the challenge of full self driving proved insurmountable — and continues to elude the industry as a whole. Charles Martin | 1 day ago 21 Apple support staff warned to avoid side-loading speculation Apple has warned its support staff to avoid talking to customers about the possibility of side-loading and third-party app storefronts arriving in non-EU countries. Malcolm Owen | 1 day ago 3 Apple exec Dan Riccio nearing retirement after 25 years Former Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering Dan Riccio is said to be "nearing retirement" after over 25 years at Apple. Charles Martin | 1 day ago 2 featured topics of the week APPLE VISION PRO Reports are spreading about a very specific Apple Vision Pro front glass crack DEALS 16-inch MacBook Pro with 1TB SSD gets $850 price drop, limited supply available APPLE RETAIL So far, the early return rate on Apple Vision Pro is pretty low APPLE VISION PRO Apple Vision Pro vs Meta Quest 3 compared - Displays, prices & graphics March iPad & Mac releases may not get a flashy event after all Apple's expected spring event may not actually happen, with new iPads and Macs instead thought to be introduced by promotional videos and website updates. Malcolm Owen | 1 day ago 16 Crime blotter: Apple Store thefts in New York, California, Las Vegas In the latest Apple Crime Blotter, Apple Store kicks out a reporter, a tech company exec stole and sold MacBooks, and details of an iPhone scam in Iran. Stephen Silver | 1 day ago 2 Best Buy, Amazon launch weekend Apple sale with prices as low as $24 From AirTags to loaded M3 Max MacBook Pros and everything in between, Best Buy and Amazon's weekend Apple price war offers discounts of up to $700 off and prices as low as $24. Christine McKee | 2 days ago New class-action lawsuit says you pay too much for iCloud A class action complaint has been filed against Apple, claiming that users of iCloud are paying inflated prices for cloud storage by violating antitrust laws. Malcolm Owen | 2 days ago 16 WhatsApp gains Pegasus source code access in court victory NSO Group will have to hand over the source code of its notorious Pegasus spyware to WhatsApp, a US district court has ruled. Charles Martin | 2 days ago 2 'Call of Duty: Warzone Mobile' landing on iOS on March 21 Fans of the 'Call of Duty' franchise will soon be able to play 'Warzone Mobile' on their iPhone, with the release of the first-person shooter set for March 21. Charles Martin | 2 days ago 3 Unreleased Black iPod Hi-Fi photos reveals an alternative color scheme Photographs of an unreleased black version of the iPod Hi-Fi have surfaced, showing what consumers could've bought had Apple not discontinued the audio accessory. Malcolm Owen | 2 days ago 5 You can now save up to $1 million in your Apple Card Savings Account Goldman Sachs has contacted Apple Card owners to inform them that the bank has now raised savings account limits to $1 million, up from the previous $250,000. Amber Neely | 3 days ago 11 Spotify, Epic complain again that Apple won't be in compliance with the DMA Spotify, Epic, Proton, and dozens of others have signed a letter to the European Commission, demanding the agency look into Apple's lack of compliance with the Digital Markets Act. Amber Neely | 3 days ago 20 Best Buy is blowing out Apple's MacBook Pro (24GB RAM, 1TB SSD) at $1,399 Best Buy is crushing the competition with a record-breaking price drop on Apple's loaded MacBook Pro 13-inch with 24GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Christine McKee | 3 days ago Apple reverses course on death of Progressive Web Apps in EU After a few weeks of internet drama, Apple has responded to complaints about the death of Progressive Web Apps in the European Union and is restoring them to how they worked in iOS 17.3 and before. Mike Wuerthele | 3 days ago 3 Apple Car blues, Apple Ask, and Apple Vision Pro Experiences on the AppleInsider Podcast How the cancellation of the Apple Car is a surprise, but one that will benefit Apple's AI plans — and may already have done so. William Gallagher | 3 days ago 1 A software engineer wore Apple Vision Pro to his wedding, much to his new bride's chagrin A new viral image circulating the internet shows a young man wearing the Apple Vision Pro in his wedding pictures, after his new bride explicitly asked him not to. Amber Neely | 3 days ago 22 Apple's 2024 iPad & iPhone chip plan has been detailed in a new leak A low-profile leaker with a very good track record has spelled out what they believe to be Apple's entire iPad chip plan and what chips they expect to see in the iPhone 16. Rumor Score 🤯 Likely Mike Wuerthele | 3 days ago 21 Apple Watch Ultra is not the only micro LED project Apple has cancelled Following AppleInsider's report on Thursday about the likely cancellation of the Apple Watch Ultra with micro LED, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says that Apple has abandoned nearly all of its plans to use micro LED displays. Rumor Score 🤔 Possible William Gallagher | 3 days ago 10 Apple cites bevy of scared users to back up its case against the EU DMA Apple has to comply with the EU's new law about rival App Stores, but it's protesting all the way and is now showing emails from users who fear the changes. William Gallagher | 3 days ago 33 Apple stresses security risks of complying with EU's Digital Markets Act Apple has published a whitepaper detailing how it says it is working to protect EU users and emphasizing the risks of opening up the iPhone to rival App Stores. William Gallagher | 3 days ago 8 Watch 51 classic movies for free on Apple TV+ Apple TV+ has made available 51 movies ranging from "American Sniper" to "Zodiac," all for free for a limited time to subscribers. William Gallagher | 3 days ago 12 Two new Apple Watch ads highlight real-world life-saving features Apple has shared two new videos of true stories where the Apple Watch has saved a wearer's life via heart monitoring and crash detection. Amber Neely | 4 days ago 0 Android users switching to iPhone prefer value over latest tech An interesting trend has emerged among Android users switching to iPhone, with most buyers opting for affordability over features. Andrew Orr | 4 days ago 4 Apple retailers are clearing out iPad Pro inventory, save up to $314 Apple resellers are clearing out M2 iPad Pro inventory, with deals knocking up to $314 off 11-inch and 12.9-inch models. Christine McKee | 4 days ago Setapp announces beta of iOS app store for the EU MacPaw has announced a beta test for its Setapp Mobile, a third-party alternative to Apple's App Store, planned for users in the EU. William Gallagher | 4 days ago 6 Rumored Apple Watch Ultra with micro LED might be dead Apple is believed to be the unnamed customer whose sudden cancellation of orders for micro LED displays thought to be for the Apple Watch Ultra has caused ams Osram's shares to drop 40%. William Gallagher | 4 days ago 20 Apple is making plans for more Apple Vision Pro accessory straps Apple is researching ways to create accessories such as an Apple Pencil-like controller for the Apple Vision Pro, which attach to an accessory headset strap for power and data. William Gallagher | 4 days ago 0 Apple's Self Service Repair expanding to M3 Macs New support documents suggested that Apple's Self Service Repair program will expand to M3-equipped iMacs and MacBooks, and parts availability started on Thursday morning. Wesley Hilliard | 4 days ago 0 Apple IDs may be renamed 'Apple Accounts' by the end of 2024 Apple is reportedly considering rebranding the Apple ID as "Apple Account," and may make the change before the end of 2024. Rumor Score 🤔 Possible William Gallagher | 4 days ago 18 China's annual spring iPhone sales are here, and the discount isn't as steep as it's been In what has become an annual tradition, two of China's biggest iPhone resellers are offering discounts on Apple's higher-end iPhone models. William Gallagher | 4 days ago 0 Abandoned $10 billion Apple Car project referred to as 'Titanic disaster' by employees A report shares that "many" Apple employees considered Project Titan an inevitable failure and are happy to see it die in favor of work on artificial intelligence. Wesley Hilliard | 5 days ago 57 Flash deal: save 60% on a lifetime Rosetta Stone subscription You have the perfect tool for learning a new language at your fingertips with Rosetta Stone, and now StackCommerce is offering the famous language-learning software at a 60% discount with more than enough time before spring break travel. Michael Stroup | 5 days ago Grab an Apple Watch Ultra for $503 while supplies last Amazon-owned Woot is clearing out Grade A refurbished Apple Watch styles, with prices dipping to as low as $129.99. Pick up an Apple Watch Ultra for just $502.99 while supplies last. Christine McKee | 5 days ago William Gibson's 'Neuromancer' is coming to Apple TV+ Apple TV+ has announced the development of a ten-episode science-fiction drama based on William Gibson's award-winning novel "Neuromancer." Amber Neely | 5 days ago 17 Five Apple Vision Pro Cinema Environments that we'd like to see Apple will do what it will do, but there are some Cinema Environments that we'd like to see that would make our experience with the Apple Vision Pro more fun and fit the theme of the device. Here are AppleInsider's choices. Mike Wuerthele | 5 days ago 20 M3 iMac is on Apple's refurbished store, but there is a better deal The 2023 M3 iMac can now be bought for a discount in Apple's refurbished store, but better deals can be found. Here's your best option. William Gallagher | 5 days ago 2 Everything went Apple's way at the annual shareholders meeting Apple's annual shareholders' meeting concluded with support for all of its proposals, and rejection of shareholder proposals, despite controversies and disagreements. Amber Neely | 5 days ago 21 Meet the real 'Masters of the Air' in Apple's new documentary Apple TV+ has released a teaser trailer for "The Bloody Hundreth," the true story of the aircrews depicted in "Masters of the Air." William Gallagher | 5 days ago 0 Cancelling the Apple Car is a good move, says Morgan Stanley Analysts at investment bank Morgan Stanley say that Apple was too far behind in the car market, and cancelling the Apple Car means it can put its resources to better use in AI. William Gallagher | 5 days ago 9 Apple Vision Pro could launch overseas sooner than expected Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says that increased component production and US sales trends means Apple has the capacity to launch Apple Vision Pro internationally, sooner. William Gallagher | 5 days ago 4 Apple Vision Pro ongoing demand is in line with all Apple launches Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says Apple Vision Pro has declined rapidly, but the pattern he reports fits every new Apple device and how they initially sell out before demand settles. William Gallagher | 5 days ago 0 Apple Pay Later plans will show up on credit reports Apple Pay Later will officially become the first buy now, pay later loan service to have information reflected in Experian credit reports. Amber Neely | 5 days ago 1 Apple Vision Pro return rate is about the same as the iPhone 15 Pro The latest data from Ming-Chi Kuo delves into a number of factors surrounding the Apple Vision Pro, with the latest report detailing the specific rate of return of the headset. Mike Wuerthele | 5 days ago 4 VisionDevCamp is a three-day hackathon for Vision Pro Devs A three-day, low-cost, hackathon will take place in Santa Clara, California, giving developers a chance to team up and create apps for the Apple Vision Pro. Amber Neely | 5 days ago 0 Featured Product Review Videos What comes in the $3499 Apple Vision Pro box Apple supplies the Apple Vision Pro with a number of items in the box, all so owners can get up and running with their headset as quickly as possible. Here's what inside. Apple supplies the Apple Vision Pro with a number of items in the box, all so owners can get up and running with their headset as quickly as possible. Here's what inside. By Malcolm Owen | 1 month ago Apple Vision Pro sees quiet launch at Apple Downtown Nashville It's Apple Vision Pro release day, and the downtown Nashville Apple Store has opened to a quiet and small squad of people waiting to pick up their expensive glimpse into the future. It's Apple Vision Pro release day, and the downtown Nashville Apple Store has opened to a quiet and small squad of people waiting to pick up their expensive glimpse into the future. By Wesley Hilliard | 1 month ago Juiciest Apple Rumors Apple on the hunt for new microLED suppliers for future products New renders show what the iPhone SE 4 might look like Apple's 2024 iPad & iPhone chip plan has been detailed in a new leak Latest comparisons M3 MacBook Air vs M2 MacBook Air — Compared Apple Vision Pro vs Meta Quest 3 compared - Displays, prices & graphics Apple Vision Pro vs. Sony PlayStation VR 2 - display, processing & design Latest Videos Apple Watch bands and iPhone cases come in new spring colors New M3 MacBook Air arrives with faster Wi-Fi and better performance An Apple Pencil update is coming soon — what you need to know Latest Reviews ESR Stylus Pen review: A worthy Apple Pencil alternative at a fraction of the price ESR Qi2 MagSafe Car Mount review: a practical upgrade over clamp-based car phone holders SwitchBot Mini Robot Vacuum K10+ review: Small, but helpful, robot vacuum with incoming Matter support Latest tips How to use Spotlight's metadata file utilities in macOS How to restore an Apple Silicon Mac using Configurator How to control Apple Vision Pro by making sounds Load More iphone Eve Outdoor Outlet, new Aqara products, Lifx returns on HomeKit Insider By Andrew O'Hara | 13 hours ago Apple Watch bands and iPhone cases come in new spring colors By Mike Wuerthele | 19 hours ago New renders show what the iPhone SE 4 might look like By Malcolm Owen | 1 day ago ipad New iPads & Macs could arrive as soon as this week By Malcolm Owen | 1 day ago Apple exec Dan Riccio nearing retirement after 25 years By Charles Martin | 1 day ago March iPad & Mac releases may not get a flashy event after all By Malcolm Owen | 1 day ago macbook Satechi reveals game-changing 145W GaN travel charger at CES 2024 By Andrew Orr | 1 month ago Supply chain report says OLED is next for iPad, but foldables don't have a concrete timeline By Wesley Hilliard | 2 months ago MacBook Pro 14-inch M3 Pro review: More for Intel Mac migration than annual upgraders By Andrew O'Hara | 3 months ago apple watch Apple Watch bands and iPhone cases come in new spring colors By Mike Wuerthele | 19 hours ago Apple on the hunt for new microLED suppliers for future products By Malcolm Owen | 20 hours ago Apple Car blues, Apple Ask, and Apple Vision Pro Experiences on the AppleInsider Podcast By William Gallagher | 3 days ago Follow us on Social Media: Get our Mobile App More AppleInsider Product Comparisons Advertise on AppleInsider Contact Us Privacy Policy Ethics Policy Terms of Use Push Notifications Support Our Work Copyright © 2024, Quiller Media, Inc. Designed by Crafted