Cybersecurity News, Insights and Analysis | SecurityWeek SECURITYWEEK NETWORK: Cybersecurity News Webcasts Virtual Events ICS: ICS Cybersecurity Conference Malware & Threats Cyberwarfare Cybercrime Data Breaches Fraud & Identity Theft Nation-State Ransomware Vulnerabilities Security Operations Threat Intelligence Incident Response Tracking & Law Enforcement Security Architecture Application Security Cloud Security Endpoint Security Identity & Access IoT Security Mobile & Wireless Network Security Risk Management Cyber Insurance Data Protection Privacy & Compliance Supply Chain Security CISO Strategy Cyber Insurance CISO Conversations CISO Forum ICS/OT Industrial Cybersecurity ICS Cybersecurity Conference Funding/M&A Cybersecurity Funding M&A Tracker Cybersecurity News Webcasts Virtual Events ICS Cybersecurity Conference Connect with us Hi, what are you looking for? SecurityWeek Malware & Threats Cyberwarfare Cybercrime Data Breaches Fraud & Identity Theft Nation-State Ransomware Vulnerabilities Security Operations Threat Intelligence Incident Response Tracking & Law Enforcement Security Architecture Application Security Cloud Security Endpoint Security Identity & Access IoT Security Mobile & Wireless Network Security Risk Management Cyber Insurance Data Protection Privacy & Compliance Supply Chain Security CISO Strategy Cyber Insurance CISO Conversations CISO Forum ICS/OT Industrial Cybersecurity ICS Cybersecurity Conference Funding/M&A Cybersecurity Funding M&A Tracker Latest Cybersecurity News Critical Vulnerability Exposes TeamCity Servers to Takeover A critical authentication bypass in TeamCity allows remote attackers to take full control of vulnerable servers. Zeek Security Tool Vulnerabilities Allow ICS Network Hacking Vulnerabilities in a plugin for the Zeek network security monitoring tool can be exploited in attacks aimed at ICS environments. Pentagon Leaker Jack Teixeira Pleads Guilty Under a Deal That Calls for at Least 11 Years in Prison The 22-year-old Air National Guard member admitted illegally collecting some of the nation’s most sensitive secrets and sharing them with other users on Discord. German Authorities Take Down ‘Crimemarket’ Cybercrime Website With over 180,000 users, Crimemarket was a trading hub for narcotics, cybercrime tools, and crimeware guides. Hikvision Patches High-Severity Vulnerability in Security Management System A high-severity vulnerability in HikCentral Professional could lead to unauthorized access to certain URLs. Webinar Tomorrow: OT Cybersecurity Risk Mitigation Strategies Webinar will provide valuable insights from Honeywell professionals who will guide you through the intricacies of industrial cybersecurity. How Traffic, State, and Organizational Data Help Fortify Your Network Traffic data is the lifeblood of network security, representing the raw, unfiltered truth of what is happening on the network. Linux Foundation Tackles Financial Fraud With Open Source Platform The open source platform Tazama provides cost-effective monitoring of digital financial transactions to prevent fraud in real time. FCC Employees Targeted in Sophisticated Phishing Attacks Advanced phishing kit employs novel tactics in attack targeting cryptocurrency platforms and FCC employees. Remote Stuxnet-Style Attack Possible With Web-Based PLC Malware: Researchers Researchers demonstrate that remote Stuxnet-style attacks are possible against many modern PLCs using web-based malware. Georgia’s Largest County Is Still Repairing Damage From January Cyberattack Georgia’s largest county is still repairing damage inflicted on its government offices by a cyberattack in January 2024. Pentagon Leak Suspect Jack Teixeira Expected to Plead Guilty in Federal Case The Air National Guardsman accused of leaking highly classified military documents on social media is expected to plead guilty in his federal case. Some Doorbell Cameras Sold on Amazon and Other Online Sites Have Major Security Flaws, Report Says Major vulnerabilities were found in cameras manufactured by the Chinese company Eken Group Ltd., which produces video doorbells under the brand names EKEN and Tuck, among others. The US is Bracing for Complex, Fast-Moving Threats to Elections This Year, FBI Director Warns FBI Director Christopher Wray says advances in generative AI make it easier for election interference and meddling easier than before. In Other News: Google Flaw Exploited, 3D Printers Hacked, WhatsApp Gets NSO Spyware Noteworthy stories that might have slipped under the radar: Unpatched Google vulnerability exploited, 3D printers hacked by white hats, WhatsApp will get NSO spyware. Zeek Security Tool Vulnerabilities Allow ICS Network Hacking Vulnerabilities in a plugin for the Zeek network security monitoring tool can be exploited in attacks aimed at ICS environments. Remote Stuxnet-Style Attack Possible With Web-Based PLC Malware: Researchers Researchers demonstrate that remote Stuxnet-style attacks are possible against many modern PLCs using web-based malware. CISA Warns of Windows Streaming Service Vulnerability Exploitation CISA says a high-severity elevation of privilege vulnerability in Microsoft Streaming Service is actively exploited in the wild. Top Cybersecurity Headlines Critical Vulnerability Exposes TeamCity Servers to Takeover A critical authentication bypass in TeamCity allows remote attackers to take full control of vulnerable servers. Zeek Security Tool Vulnerabilities Allow ICS Network Hacking Vulnerabilities in a plugin for the Zeek network security monitoring tool can be exploited in attacks aimed at ICS environments. Pentagon Leaker Jack Teixeira Pleads Guilty Under a Deal That Calls for at Least 11 Years in Prison The 22-year-old Air National Guard member admitted illegally collecting some of the nation’s most sensitive secrets and sharing them with other users on Discord. German Authorities Take Down ‘Crimemarket’ Cybercrime Website With over 180,000 users, Crimemarket was a trading hub for narcotics, cybercrime tools, and crimeware guides. SecurityWeek Industry Experts How Traffic, State, and Organizational Data Help Fortify Your Network Traffic data is the lifeblood of network security, representing the raw, unfiltered truth of what is happening on the network. Matt Wilson Read more The Imperative for Modern Security: Risk-Based Vulnerability Management By prioritizing vulnerabilities based on risk and aligning security efforts with business objectives, organizations can enhance their resilience to cyberattacks, optimize resource allocation, and maintain a proactive security posture. Torsten George Read more Is XDR Enough? The Hidden Gaps in Your Security Net When evaluating XDR, consider its value based on its ability to reduce complexity and improve threat detection and response times. Etay Maor Read more Artificial Arms Race: What Can Automation and AI do to Advance Red Teams The best Red Team engagements are a balanced mix of technology, tools and human operators. Tom Eston Read more From Open Source to Enterprise Ready: 4 Pillars to Meet Your Security Requirements Open source is a great way to test the waters and define requirements. But when looking at putting a platform into production, an enterprise-ready solution will ensure you can keep up with business demands. Marc Solomon Read more More Expert Insights Trending Daily Briefing Newsletter Subscribe to the SecurityWeek Email Briefing to stay informed on the latest threats, trends, and technology, along with insightful columns from industry experts. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Feed Webinar: OT Cybersecurity Risk Mitigation Strategies March 5, 2024 Gain valuable insights from industry professionals who will help guide you through the intricacies of industrial cybersecurity. Register Virtual Event: Supply Chain Security Summit March 20, 2024 Join us for an in depth exploration of the critical nature of software and vendor supply chain security issues with a focus on understanding how attacks against identity infrastructure come with major cascading effects. Register Cybersecurity M&A Roundup: 34 Deals Announced in January 2024 ZeroFox to be Taken Private in $350 Million Deal SecurityWeek Analysis: Cybersecurity M&A Dropping, Over 400 Deals Announced in 2023 Cybersecurity M&A Roundup: 25 Deals Announced in December 2023 Cybersecurity M&A Roundup: 34 Deals Announced in November 2023 SecurityWeek Cyber Insights 2023 Series Cyber Insights 2023 | The Coming of Web3 Cyber Insights 2023 | Zero Trust and Identity and Access Management Cyber Insights 2023: Venture Capital Cyber Insights 2023 | Quantum Computing and the Coming Cryptopocalypse Cyber Insights 2023 | Ransomware Hacker Conversations: Rob Dyke on Legal Bullying of Good Faith Researchers Hacker Conversations: HD Moore and the Line Between Black and White Hacker Conversations: Runa Sandvik Hacker Conversations: Chris Wysopal, AKA Weld Pond Hacker Conversations: Natalie Silvanovich From Google’s Project Zero CISO Conversations: The Legal Sector With Alyssa Miller at Epiq and Mark Walmsley at Freshfields CISO Conversations: Jason Rebholz and Jason Ozin From the Insurance Sector CISO Conversations: Three Leading CISOs in the Modern Healthcare Sector CISO Conversations: CISOs in Cloud-based Services Discuss the Process of Leadership CISO Conversations: Field CISOs From VMware Carbon Black and NetSPI Upcoming Cybersecurity Events The AI Risk Summit brings together security and risk management executives, AI researchers, policy makers, software developers and influential business and government stakeholders. [June 25-26, Ritz-Carlton, Half Moon Bay, CA] Learn More Join us for an in depth exploration of the critical nature of software and vendor supply chain security issues with a focus on understanding how attacks against identity infrastructure come with major cascading effects. [March 20, 2024] Learn More Designed for senior level cybersecurity leaders to discuss, share and learn innovative information security and risk management strategies, SecurityWeek’s CISO Forum, will take place June 25-26 at the Ritz-Carlton, Half Moon Bay, CA Learn More SecurityWeek’s Threat Detection and Incident Response (TDIR) Summit dives into Threat hunting tools and frameworks, and explores the value of threat intelligence data in the defender’s security stack. Learn More Vulnerabilities Critical Vulnerability Exposes TeamCity Servers to Takeover A critical authentication bypass in TeamCity allows remote attackers to take full control of vulnerable servers. March 5, 2024 Hikvision Patches High-Severity Vulnerability in Security Management System A high-severity vulnerability in HikCentral Professional could lead to unauthorized access to certain URLs. March 4, 2024 CISA Warns of Windows Streaming Service Vulnerability Exploitation CISA says a high-severity elevation of privilege vulnerability in Microsoft Streaming Service is actively exploited in the wild. March 1, 2024 Meta Patches Facebook Account Takeover Vulnerability Meta has patched a critical vulnerability that could have been exploited to take over any Facebook account via a brute-force attack. February 29, 2024 Cybercrime German Authorities Take Down ‘Crimemarket’ Cybercrime Website With over 180,000 users, Crimemarket was a trading hub for narcotics, cybercrime tools, and crimeware guides. March 4, 2024 US Charges Iranian Over Cyberattacks on Government, Defense Organizations The US has charged an Iranian company’s employee over cyberattacks on State and Treasury Departments and defense contractors. March 1, 2024 Hackers Stole ‘Sensitive’ Data From Taiwan Telecom Giant: Ministry Hackers stole “sensitive information” including military and government documents from telecom giant Chunghwa Telecom and sold it on the dark web, the island’s ministry… March 1, 2024 German Steelmaker Thyssenkrupp Confirms Ransomware Attack German steelmaking conglomerate Thyssenkrupp confirms one of its automotive units was disrupted by a ransomware attack. February 29, 2024 Critical Vulnerability Exposes TeamCity Servers to Takeover A critical authentication bypass in TeamCity allows remote attackers to take full control of vulnerable servers. March 5, 2024 Zeek Security Tool Vulnerabilities Allow ICS Network Hacking Vulnerabilities in a plugin for the Zeek network security monitoring tool can be exploited in attacks aimed at ICS environments. March 5, 2024 Pentagon Leaker Jack Teixeira Pleads Guilty Under a Deal That Calls for at Least 11 Years in Prison The 22-year-old Air National Guard member admitted illegally collecting some of the nation’s most sensitive secrets and sharing them with other users on Discord. March 4, 2024 German Authorities Take Down ‘Crimemarket’ Cybercrime Website With over 180,000 users, Crimemarket was a trading hub for narcotics, cybercrime tools, and crimeware guides. March 4, 2024 Hikvision Patches High-Severity Vulnerability in Security Management System A high-severity vulnerability in HikCentral Professional could lead to unauthorized access to certain URLs. March 4, 2024 Webinar Tomorrow: OT Cybersecurity Risk Mitigation Strategies Webinar will provide valuable insights from Honeywell professionals who will guide you through the intricacies of industrial cybersecurity. March 4, 2024 How Traffic, State, and Organizational Data Help Fortify Your Network Traffic data is the lifeblood of network security, representing the raw, unfiltered truth of what is happening on the network. March 4, 2024 Linux Foundation Tackles Financial Fraud With Open Source Platform The open source platform Tazama provides cost-effective monitoring of digital financial transactions to prevent fraud in real time. March 4, 2024 FCC Employees Targeted in Sophisticated Phishing Attacks Advanced phishing kit employs novel tactics in attack targeting cryptocurrency platforms and FCC employees. March 4, 2024 Remote Stuxnet-Style Attack Possible With Web-Based PLC Malware: Researchers Researchers demonstrate that remote Stuxnet-style attacks are possible against many modern PLCs using web-based malware. March 4, 2024 Georgia’s Largest County Is Still Repairing Damage From January Cyberattack Georgia’s largest county is still repairing damage inflicted on its government offices by a cyberattack in January 2024. March 3, 2024 Pentagon Leak Suspect Jack Teixeira Expected to Plead Guilty in Federal Case The Air National Guardsman accused of leaking highly classified military documents on social media is expected to plead guilty in his federal case. March 2, 2024 Some Doorbell Cameras Sold on Amazon and Other Online Sites Have Major Security Flaws, Report Says Major vulnerabilities were found in cameras manufactured by the Chinese company Eken Group Ltd., which produces video doorbells under the brand names EKEN and Tuck, among others. March 2, 2024 The US is Bracing for Complex, Fast-Moving Threats to Elections This Year, FBI Director Warns FBI Director Christopher Wray says advances in generative AI make it easier for election interference and meddling easier than before. March 1, 2024 In Other News: Google Flaw Exploited, 3D Printers Hacked, WhatsApp Gets NSO Spyware Noteworthy stories that might have slipped under the radar: Unpatched Google vulnerability exploited, 3D printers hacked by white hats, WhatsApp will get NSO spyware. March 1, 2024 US Charges Iranian Over Cyberattacks on Government, Defense Organizations The US has charged an Iranian company’s employee over cyberattacks on State and Treasury Departments and defense contractors. March 1, 2024 More Articles Page 1 of 179212345Next ›Last » The leading global conference series for Operations, Control Systems and IT/OT Security professionals to connect on SCADA, DCS PLC and field controller cybersecurity. Learn More Application Security Application Security Cyber Insights 2024: APIs – A Clear, Present, and Future Danger The API attack surface is expanding and API vulnerabilities are growing. AI will help attackers find and exploit API vulnerabilities at scale. Kevin Townsend6 days ago Application Security No Security Scrutiny for Half of Major Code Changes: AppSec Survey Application Security Google Contributes $1 Million to Rust, Says It Prevented Hundreds of Android Vulnerabilities Application Security Google Open Sources AI-Aided Fuzzing Framework Cloud Security Cloud Security Watch Now: Cloudy With a Chance of Threats: The Active Threat Landscape in the Cloud Join the webinar to learn about active threats targeting common cloud deployments and what security teams can do to mitigate them. SecurityWeek NewsFebruary 23, 2024 Cloud Security Ongoing Azure Cloud Account Takeover Campaign Targeting Senior Personnel Cloud Security ‘Leaky Vessels’ Container Escape Vulnerabilities Impact Docker, Others Cloud Security Orca Flags Dangerous Google Kubernetes Engine Misconfiguration ICS/OT ICS/OT Zeek Security Tool Vulnerabilities Allow ICS Network Hacking Vulnerabilities in a plugin for the Zeek network security monitoring tool can be exploited in attacks aimed at ICS environments. Eduard Kovacs29 mins ago ICS/OT Webinar Tomorrow: OT Cybersecurity Risk Mitigation Strategies ICS/OT Remote Stuxnet-Style Attack Possible With Web-Based PLC Malware: Researchers Government US Government Issues Guidance on Securing Water Systems Popular Topics Cybersecurity News Industrial Cybersecurity Security Community Virtual Cybersecurity Events Webcast Library CISO Forum AI Risk Summit ICS Cybersecurity Conference Cybersecurity Newsletters Stay Intouch Cyber Weapon Discussion Group RSS Feed Security Intelligence Group Follow SecurityWeek on LinkedIn About SecurityWeek Advertising Event Sponsorships Writing Opportunities Feedback/Contact Us News Tips Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Submit Tip Advertising Reach a large audience of enterprise cybersecurity professionals Contact Us Daily Briefing Newsletter Subscribe to the SecurityWeek Daily Briefing and get the latest content delivered to your inbox. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2024 SecurityWeek ®, a Wired Business Media Publication. All Rights Reserved. Close