Middle East Institute Skip to main content Policy Analysis Defense & Security Affairs Countering Terrorism & Extremism Strategic Technologies and Cyber Security Defense & Security Program Regional Affairs Afghanistan & Pakistan Arabian Peninsula Egypt Iran Israeli Affairs Lebanon North Africa and the Sahel Palestine & Palestinian-Israeli Affairs Syria Turkey Global Affairs Climate and Water Program Conflict Resolution & Track II Dialogues Strategic Foresight Initiative Economics and Energy Middle East in the World Black Sea Program Middle East - Asia Project Events Education Classes Classes Languages Tutoring Leadership Development Program Journal Journal Middle East Journal Subscriber Login Submissions Library Library Oman Library at the Middle East Institute Digital Collection Catalog Digital Exhibitions Experts Arts & Culture Get Involved Get Involved Get Involved Become a Member Corporate Sponsorship Annual Awards Gala Jobs & Fellowships Internships Donate Policies Utility Navigation عربي Blog Podcast Subscribe About Donate Utility Navigation عربي Blog Podcast Subscribe About Donate Policy Analysis Defense & Security Affairs Countering Terrorism & Extremism Strategic Technologies and Cyber Security Defense & Security Program Regional Affairs Afghanistan & Pakistan Arabian Peninsula Egypt Iran Israeli Affairs Lebanon North Africa and the Sahel Palestine & Palestinian-Israeli Affairs Syria Turkey Global Affairs Climate and Water Program Conflict Resolution & Track II Dialogues Strategic Foresight Initiative Economics and Energy Middle East in the World Black Sea Program Middle East - Asia Project Featured Event view The future of Palestinian politics in the wake of the war on Gaza Event view Will Lebanon be a Future Theater of Regional War? Events Education Classes Classes Languages Tutoring Leadership Development Program Journal Journal Middle East Journal Subscriber Login Submissions Library Library Oman Library at the Middle East Institute Digital Collection Catalog Digital Exhibitions Featured Autumn 2023 Experts Arts & Culture Get Involved Featured Full Page view Annual Gala Dinner Full Page view Internships Get Involved Get Involved Become a Member Corporate Sponsorship Annual Awards Gala Jobs & Fellowships Internships Donate Policies Search Monday Briefing Biden administration highlights humanitarian crisis for Palestinians in Gaza The United States has begun to airlift aid into the Gaza Strip and is raising increasing alarms about the deteriorating human security situation for Gazan Palestinians. This increased focus on the dire conditions comes as negotiations over a possible temporary cease-fire and hostage release between Israel and Hamas continue. Read the briefing Publication The many lives of Oman’s forts View More Publications Event The Conundrum of Plentiful Supply: Risks and Challenges to Oil and Gas Markets in the Current Middle East Conflict View More Events Feature History rewrite: Did Saddam try to kill Bush? View More The Sea of Life Modern and Contemporary Art from The Kingdom of Bahrain November 29, 2023 - March 26, 2024 Co-curated by Hayfa Aljishi and Lyne Sneige Sponsored by The National Arts Council - Kingdom of Bahrain and the RAK Art Foundation The Sea of Life features the works of fourteen artists spanning different art forms and generations, exploring their connection to their natural and built environment and the symbolism of water in their lives. The title plays on the concept of ‘The Tree of Life,’ a widespread symbol of life among some cultures and religions. On Bahrain Island, water has been this lifeforce. Both the sea and the island’s fresh water springs are linked to its prosperity and regarded as a precious commodity to cherish and preserve, creating a powerful connection between the people of Bahrain and their natural environment. Learn more Book appointment to visit in person Photo: Ebrahim Bu Saad, The Lovers (1999), 79 x 59" Courtesy of the RAK Art Foundation Expanding Knowledge, Narrowing Divides MEI fosters greater understanding of the Middle East through non-partisan policy analysis, educational services, and promotion of regional arts and culture. Policy Center A source for non-partisan expert analysis seeking solutions to the region’s most challenging issues Learn More Education Center Classes, academic resources, and professional development services to foster regional understanding Learn More Arts & Culture Center D.C.’s only gallery dedicated to contemporary and modern art from the Middle East Learn More Upcoming Events Attend free, public events at our D.C. headquarters or tune in to our live webcasts view The future of Palestinian politics in the wake of the war on Gaza March 5, 2024, 1:00 pm EST view The Conundrum of Plentiful Supply: Risks and Challenges to Oil and Gas Markets in the Current Middle East Conflict March 6, 2024, 10:00 am EST view The Transformative Role of Education: Towards Building Global Citizenship March 8, 2024, 12:00 pm EST Get Involved Discover how you can become a part of the MEI community. Learn More Explore Our Language Program MEI offers language training through private and group courses in Arabic, Persian, Turkish, Hebrew, and other regional languages at a variety of proficiency levels, all taught by professionally-trained, native speakers. Offered online and in-person in the Washington, D.C. area. Learn more MEI Art Gallery Open for Visits The MEI Art Gallery is open to the public weekdays from 10am to 5pm (closed for federal holidays). Visitors are encouraged to register for a timed visit at the link below, but walk-ins are also welcome. Book a visit Oman Library Now Open By Appointment Please call or email the librarian to set up a time to visit, research, or browse our ongoing book sale. Also keep an eye out for new acquisitions to the catalog and the publication of online resource guides. More information Subscribe to Updates Get the latest MEI policy briefings, event notifications, and other updates delivered straight to your inbox. Leading Regional Expertise MEI’s scholars draw on deep ties and decades of experience working in the region to build better understanding of Middle East policy. View All Scholars Research Programs Led by renowned scholars and regional experts, MEI's policy research programs produce original analysis, convene roundtables and public events, and work to advance understanding of the complexities of regional policy. Afghanistan and Pakistan Studies MEI’s Afghanistan and Pakistan studies center aims to advance a balanced and realistic understanding of the politics, economy, society and foreign policy of these two countries. It works with scholars to produce original research, sponsors lectures, produces opinion pieces, and provides expert analysis with the goal of promoting knowledge about Afghanistan and Pakistan among the American public and within policy making circles. Learn More Arabian Peninsula Affairs MEI’s Arabian Peninsula Affairs program aims to enhance U.S. understanding of the major issues and opportunities in front of the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council who are key political, security, and economic partners for the United States. It is a hub for analysis of developments within the GCC and the broader region, including Iran, Yemen, and the Gulf and Red Sea littorals. Learn More Climate and Water Program The Climate and Water Program seeks to assess and understand the broader impacts of climate change in the region, with emphasis on water resources management, sustainability, and the environment. The program also explores the use of water and environmental policy, climate adaptation and mitigation, and green initiatives to enhance the climate resilience of the Middle East and North Africa. Learn More Conflict Resolution and Track II Dialogues Establishing spaces for current and former officials and experts to engage in problem-solving dialogues in which they discuss emerging political and security trends in the region, resolution of conflicts, and broader issues related to regional security. Learn More Countering Terrorism & Extremism MEI's Countering Terrorism and Extremism program seeks to generate a more locally-rooted understanding of the threats and challenges of today and tomorrow - grasping where they come from and why they come about, and most importantly, how to more effectively and sustainably defeat them. Learn More ﻿Center for Strategy and Emerging Technology The world is witnessing a tech cold war and decoupling between the U.S. and China, as new geopolitical fault lines emerge based on technology networks and the flow of information. This has critical implications for the Middle East as the region seeks to become an inflection point for the new digital order and a key arbiter in building the global digital architecture. MEI's Center for Strategy and Emerging Technology studies how emerging technologies are impacting the region, analyzes the rise of new tech powers, and seeks to open up opportunities for new tech cooperation between the U.S. and leading regional actors. Learn More Defense and Security MEI's Defense and Security program provides rigorous and multidisciplinary analysis of the current and emerging defense and security challenges and opportunities facing the United States and its regional partners. It also works to create a unique, credible, and independent platform for defense and security stakeholders from both the United States and the region to more closely interact, exchange views, and share experiences regarding various matters of national security. Learn More Economics and Energy Program The Program on Economics and Energy seeks to advance understanding of the impact of a global energy transition away from hydrocarbons for those traditional oil and gas exporters of the Middle East. The program also investigates the relationship between oil and gas exporters and importers across MENA, in the role of financial aid and investment, remittances, and labor markets. Learn More Egypt Program MEI's Egypt Program looks at the country's security, economic and political developments. It seeks to examine Egypt’s domestic developments and regional role through research, private roundtables and public events. Learn More Frontier Europe Initiative MEI’s Frontier Europe Initiative explores interactions between Middle East countries and their Frontier Europe neighbors – the parts of Eastern Europe, Central Asia and the Caucasus which form a frontier between Western Europe, Russia and the Middle East. The program examines the growing energy, trade, security and political relationships with the aim of developing greater understanding of the interplay between these strategically important regions. Learn More Iran Program MEI’s Iran program covers Iranian domestic politics, civil society and social trends, and Tehran’s soft- and hard-power approach to geopolitical competition with other regional states through research, articles, papers, and public and private events. Learn More Lebanon Program The past two years have been grueling for Lebanon. Political, humanitarian, financial, and socio-economic crises have converged. In parallel, citizens have risen up to demand accountability, reforms, and an end to corruption and incompetence. In such critical times, MEI’s dedicated Lebanon program seeks to inform and advance the policy conversation on Lebanon in the United States and globally. The program particularly focuses on investigating and promoting viable paths forward for Lebanon as it battles through one of the darkest periods in its 100-year modern history. Learn More Middle East - Asia Project (MAP) MAP explores the multidimensional relations between the Middle East and Asia through scholarly analysis of cross-regional economic, political, security, and social/cultural interactions and their implications. It seeks to foster collaborative research on these issues through building an online community of experts and forging institutional partnerships. Learn More North Africa and the Sahel The North Africa and Sahel Program studies this region’s evolving internal social, political, and economic dynamics and draws attention to its growing geopolitical significance. The program brings the voices and experiences of new and established actors to a global audience and provides a space to build closer ties and promote shared peace and prosperity. Learn More Palestine and Palestinian-Israeli Affairs The Program on Palestine and Palestinian-Israeli Affairs examines the future of Palestinian politics and the Palestinian national movement as well as the prospects for a peaceful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the role of the conflict in the stability of the broader Middle East. Learn More Strategic Foresight Initiative MEI's Strategic Foresight Initiative examines key drivers and dynamics at work in the region, thinks strategically, creatively and rigorously about various scenarios, risks and opportunities, and uses methodologically sound approaches to help decision-makers chart a course forward. Learn More Syria Program MEI’s Syria Program seeks to provide insightful and grounded research and analysis on all things Syria in order to better inform a wide range of audiences and to help sustain and shape a more meaningful policy-oriented discussion. Drawing on the expertise of over a dozen renowned scholars, the Syria Program covers all aspects of Syria and its ongoing crises - from political, economic, legal, social, ethnic and religious dynamics, to conflict, insurgency and terrorism and the country’s history and possible futures. Learn More Turkish Studies Established in 2009, MEI’s Turkish Studies program seeks to highlight and analyze political, economic, and social developments in Turkey through scholarly research and public events. It organizes an annual conference featuring leading experts and policy practitioners from Turkey, the United States, and the EU. Learn More Latest Publications Publication view Maintaining the best thing the US built in Iraq: Continued support to the Iraqi Counterterrorism Service Feb 26, 2024 Joseph L. Votel / Christopher P. Costa As the US engages in a dialogue with the Iraqi government over the future of the coalition forces combating the Islamic State, Washington must ensure a continued relationship between the US Special Operations Forces and the Iraqi Counterterrorism Service. Publication view Five key takeaways from new poll ahead of Iran’s parliamentary elections Feb 28, 2024 Arash Ghafouri / Alex Vatanka Publication view The Political Economy of Climate Governance in Afghanistan: An Analysis of the Context and Challenges Feb 20, 2024 Sayed Madadi Publication view Pakistan’s election and what’s next? Feb 21, 2024 Arsla Jawaid Publication view Moving to a post-Khamenei era: Cutthroat competition within the supreme leader’s office Feb 29, 2024 Marie Abdi What We Do We seek to promote knowledge of the Middle East in America and strengthen understanding of the United States by the peoples and governments of the region. We believe pursuit of this goal is integral to building a world of peace and stability, in which the people of our two regions value our shared humanity. 1 Our experts shape diplomatic, legislative, and public discourse through publications, private briefings, testimony, and media. 2 We provide education and resources to the next generation of global leaders. 3 Our Center for Arts & Culture promotes a more integrated understanding of the Middle East, forging people-to-people connections and creating a destination for exploring the role of the arts in the region. 4 We elevate voices from the region in international conversation. 5 Our international conflict resolution dialogues bring together civil society and political leaders to achieve impact through cooperation both in and outside of the region. Learn More Main Navigation Policy Analysis Events Education Experts Arts & Culture Get Involved Search Contact Us Language Classes languages@mei.edu 202-770-0344 Media Inquiries emsanders@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x2503 Middle East Journal mej@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x205 Events events@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x202 Development development@mei.edu 202-785-1141 x203 Other Information info@mei.edu 202-785-1141 Tertiary Navigation Public Disclosures Board Advisory Council Staff Employment Venue Rentals Middle East Institute 1763 N St. NW, Washington D.C. 20036 © 2018 Middle East Institute All Rights Reserved | Accessibility Policy | Built by Social Driver.