Unix & Linux Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community Unix & Linux help chat Unix & Linux Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question linuxbashshell-scriptdebianubuntushelltext-processingcentossshawk more tags Active 2 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 1 answer 703 views Some RUN-Commands in UDEV-Rule are ignored debianraspberry-piudevraspbian Martin H. 151 modified 3 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 19 views A problem with mastodon behind nginx debiandockernginxdocker-compose AdminBee 22.7k modified 5 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 3 views Jenkins Fontconfig head is null even after installing fontconfig rheljenkins Jigar Shah 101 asked 5 mins ago 13 votes 1 answer 12k views How does grub2 find its configuration file in EFI boot? grub2uefi End Anti-Semitic Hate 119 modified 8 mins ago 16 votes 4 answers 20k views Are there disadvantages in SSH tunneling? sshproxyssh-tunneling EragonRussia 3 modified 8 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 418 views Read Windows file digital signature time stamp in Ubuntu windowssignature Rytis 103 modified 9 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views ssh client ignores identity settings on config file ssh Jordi 325 asked 11 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 14 views luks encryption passphrase fails if dock is connected luksthinkpaddock Johannes C. Schulz 155 answered 15 mins ago 3 votes 4 answers 14k views split string to two parts using sed or awk or perl or bash bashtext-processingawksedperl jubilatious1 3,080 modified 18 mins ago 11 votes 3 answers 37k views How can I reboot a server with systemctl if systemctl reboot fails? systemdrebootpolkitsystemctl AdminBee 22.7k modified 19 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 64 views Firefox-based non-flatpak browsers are crashing in Kubuntu 24.04 firefoxerror-handlingkubuntutesting cipricus 1,480 modified 22 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 15 views How and when is `/sys/kernel/security/tpm0/binary_bios_measurements` exposed? linuxubuntuuefisecure-boottpm telcoM 95.1k answered 36 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 5 views Can a network interface be activated if the ifcfg-files are missing? networkingifconfig AdminBee 22.7k asked 49 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 59 views Unable to install Slurm on PC clusterslurm desert_ranger 101 modified 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Minimum frequency to build up tolerance to seasickness? Data structure whose name starts with the letter “N”? How is Riddlemaster Sphinx's identifier greater than the number of cards in the set? How could a light sorcerer fly Can I follow this recipe? Great battles in the history of mathematics Is accusing someone of a crime slander if you believe the accusation to be true? Is using content from publicly available sources (without alteration) for my own course material academic dishonesty? Conflict of interests of reviewing paper if I have talked to the author PhD supervisor complaining about not getting paid for supervision The statistical model equivalent of this R formula What’s the smallest known sha256 hash that was ever produced? Does 2 Timothy 2:13 mean that a once saved person cannot lose his salvation? How to ask for more time before deciding to accept/reject offer letter? What is the mountain lake in this photo? 80186 and having more than 640k conventional DOS-RAM? Why most planets remain within a few degrees from the ecliptic? Why my windows drive is appearing as encrypted in Linux (Ubuntu)? first apartment ever need pet advice Egypt 2309-2362 Cite an article from an old journal How to receive UDP packet with 127.0.0.0/8 dst address in userspace Is there a general purpose scripting language that I can expect to find on (almost) all Windows installations? What does it mean when Faramir says "I would not snare even an orc with a falsehood"? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Unix & Linux Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.5.5707 Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group. This site is not affiliated with Linus Torvalds or The Open Group in any way.