Award-winning Event Apps and Event Management Software | Whova +1 (855) 978-6578 hello@whova.com Organizer Log-in Tips Careers FAQ Product Event App (In-Person) Hybrid Event Platform Virtual Event Platform Event Management Online Registration Event Marketing Expo & Career Fair Pricing Customer Stories Reviews Organizer Reviews Attendee Reviews Resources Fun Facts Whova Releases Guides & Tutorials Customer Kit Tips Get Price Quote Select Page All-in-one Event Management Software for In-Person, Hybrid, and Virtual Events All-in-one Event Management Software for In-Person, Hybrid, and Virtual Events Request a Demo Get a Price Quote Watch a 2-min video Or watch it muted with captions Award-Winning Event App Learn More Affordable Event Registration Learn More Time-saving Event Management Learn More Powerful Event Marketing Learn More Trusted by Distinguished Innovators Corporate Events Academic Events Government Events Association Events Conferences Trade Shows Festivals & Art Shows View Customer Stories Make Your Attendees 10 Times Happier Provide the best experience to your attendees with the award-winning event app! Enable them to participate and interact more actively, and build two times more connections. Up-to-date event information, personalized agenda, live polls, messages, and exciting photos are all at their fingertips. See a Live Demo “The app’s signature style allowed us to engage each other throughout the meeting, kept our meeting paperless, and provided us with great memories.” Jay Harf, Vice President EHS&S Americas L’Oreal Save 60% More Time Managing Event Logistics Complete tedious event management tasks with a few clicks and focus on more important things! Save your time with our popular event management software that includes an agenda center, speaker hub, name badge generation, check-in, announcements, and more. Get Price Quote “Without Whova we would have experienced many organizational and logistical difficulties. My colleagues and I are grateful to your team for enabling us to handle such a large scale international event without even a minor hick-up! “ Severian Gvinepadze, Principal Manager European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Delight Sponsors and Exhibitors with Great ROI Showcase your sponsors and exhibitors with various opportunities embedded into Whova’s event app and live slideshow. Equip them with powerful lead generation tools such as business card scanning, promotional opportunities, QR code scanning, and much more. Request More Info “As a sponsor, I found Whova to be fantastically useful. The ability to connect with conference attendees I might not have seen and to do so in a friendly, not overly-forward manner, was invaluable. By far it was the best conference app I’ve used.” Heather Solos, Director FeedBlitz The Most-Loved Event App Top-Notch Customer Support Quick Responses Within 30 minutes on business days Weekends and Holidays Available for you on any day A Dedicated Team You are in good hands! View Customer Stories View Customer Stories “The customer service FAR exceeded our expectations, and the team was fantastic! One of the main reasons we decided to go through with using the Whova conference app was the staff, hands down. Even my wants that I couldn’t have were answered well and handled properly.” Jeff Yant, Organizer Lake Yale Baptist Conference Center In the News Local App Helps the Introverted and Others Socialize App Makes it Easier for Geeks to Socialize International 5 Essential Tools You Need to Make Event Planning Easy Are You Sure You Can Plan This Event By Yourself? Event Industry One Year, 3,000 Events: Whova Revolutionizes Event Engagement Whova Takes the Work Out of Networking What is Unique about Whova Event Management? Make your Event Look Modern and Trendy Impress your attendees, sponsors, and management team with cutting-edge technology. Engage Attendees Effectively Inspire attendee loyalty by creating immersive event experiences easily and effectively Save Time Managing Event Logistics Complete tedious event management tasks with a few clicks and focus on more important things! Get Price Quote Request More Info Ready to Get Started? It is easy to get your event set up! Request More Info Let's Work Together We’ll find a price that fits your budget. Get a Price Quote Let's Work Together We’ll find a price that fits your budget. Get Price Quote Whova Solution Whova Event App Online Registration Management Tools Event Marketing Lead Retrieval Virtual Conference Pricing Company Contact Careers at Whova Press Information Event Management Tips FAQ Security Terms of Use Privacy Policy Resources Sitemap Connect with Us Copyright © 2024 Whova All Rights reserved. Pin It on Pinterest Manage Cookie Consent To enhance user experience, enable essential website functionality, provide useful features, and analyze performance and traffic on our website with anonymized data, we will store cookies on your device. To learn more, check out our Cookie Statement. Essential Functionality Cookies Essential Functionality Cookies Always active These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features available through our site and is always active. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Analytics and Customization Cookies Analytics and Customization Cookies These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. Manage options Manage services Manage vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Cookies Deny Customize Settings Save preferences Customize Settings {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Request a Demo