The Website Security And Monitoring Leader | SiteLock SALES: (877) 846 6639 SUPPORT: (877) 563 2832 Resources About Help Center USD Solutions Pricing How it works Partners I've Been Hacked Log In Our website security solutions automatically find and fix security threats Automatically protect your website, reputation, and visitors against cyberthreats. Compare Our Plans Free Website Scan Prevent cyber attacks with plansfor every site Pay monthly Pay annually Get 2 months free when paying annually! Most Popular Basic Ideal for budget-conscious websites looking for basic scanning and backup. Min 12-month commitment $0.0 / month Get 2 months free when paying annually Try it risk-free for 30 days! Buy Now Buy Now More Info Most Popular Pro Best suited for websites with a large amount of traffic needing an extra layer of protection. Min 12-month commitment $0.0 / month Get 2 months free when paying annually Try it risk-free for 30 days! Buy Now Buy Now More Info Most Popular Business Best suited for business and e-commerce websites of all sizes. Min 12-month commitment $0.0 / month Get 2 months free when paying annually Try it risk-free for 30 days! Buy Now Buy Now More Info I've been hacked Have peace of mind with website security Comprehensive website security software protects you from malware, DDoS attacks, phishing scams, bad bots and other types of malicious code and cyber threats. This includes the protection of your site code and web applications. SiteLock’s website protection plans vary based on the level of security needed. Some of our primary features include daily website scans to find threats, real-time notifications, automated malware removal, vulnerability/CMS patching to fix threats, a web application firewall to block and prevent harmful traffic before it ever reaches your site, a content delivery network (CDN) to accelerate your site speed (which can improve SEO) and a firewall PCI report to help eCommerce sites comply with banking institutions. Protect sensitive information and customer data with the following offerings. Website Scanning Our website security scan instantly checks your website from malware, viruses and other cyber threats and alerts you to found issues. Learn more Malware Removal Detects and automatically removes malicious content from your website, creating a safe experience for your customers and their sensitive information. Learn more Vulnerability Patching Easily check for website vulnerabilities in your CMS with our vulnerability scanner before they are exploited by hackers and cause disruption to the functionality of your site. Learn more Website Backup Securely backup your website to protect against ransomware, hardware corruption and human errors with our reliable backup solution. Learn more Web Application Firewall (WAF) Powerful WAF security protects against advanced cyberthreats - including the top ten threats that could damage your site or blacklist it from search engines. Learn more Content Delivery Network SiteLock’s technology enables high volumes of website traffic with zero lag time, ensuring the best possible customer experience with no latency. Learn more A layered approach inprotecting your online brand I've Been Hacked Compare Plans Compatible with all types of websites We prevent millions of hacks per dayon these platforms and more Additional Resources Interested in learning more? Check out some of our helpful resources for more information. Ransomware Attacks on the World Stage We have all seen it in the news lately: Critical infrastructure and organizations being hit with ransomware attacks; bringing operations to a screeching halt. Read the post Website Monitoring: Why It Is Important Slow websites can impact search rankings and conversion rates, while having it go down may result in serious financial or reputational damage. Read the post Reduce your website security risks Get started with SiteLock today Automatically protect your website, reputation and visitors against both common threats and advanced attacks. Compare our plans Contact us Connect Sign up for SiteLock news and announcements Sales Team (877) 846 6639 Billing Team (844) 217 0577 Support Team (877) 563 2832 International +1 (415) 390 2500 Solutions WordPress WooCommerce Drupal Magento .NET / IIS Business and eCommerce Sites Partners Log In I've Been Hacked Pricing SiteLock Basic Plan SiteLock Pro Plan SiteLock Business Plan Help Center Resources Blog Case Studies eCommerce Guide Security Report Webinars & Events How it works Malware Detection Malware Removal Vulnerability Patching Website Backup Web Application Firewall Content Delivery Network About News Awards Contact © 2024 SiteLock Terms of Service Privacy Policy Use of this Site is subject to express Terms and Conditions. By using this site, you signify that you agree to be bound by our terms of service.