Homepage | EHRC Skip to main content Equality and Human Rights Commission Menu Close Main navigation About us Back to About us menu About us Who we are How we work Our legal powers Corporate reporting Our commissioners Careers Media centre Back to Media centre menu Media centre News Blogs Human rights Back to Human rights menu Human rights What are human rights? Human Rights Act International human rights Human rights tracker Guidance Back to Guidance menu Guidance Guidance for businesses Guidance for the public sector Guidance for individuals Reporting gender pay gaps Equality Act 2010 Protected characteristics Our work Back to Our work menu Our work Equality and Human Rights Monitor Inquiries and investigations Publications Research Legal action search Advising Parliament and governments Our work in Scotland Our work in Wales Contact us Home Search Close Search Search EnglishCymraeg Give your feedback to help us improve our website This is the new Equality and Human Rights Commission website Equality and Human Rights Commission Using our powers to defend your freedom and promote a fairer England, Scotland and Wales About our new website Guidance for: Business Individuals Public sector Video: A personal story of discrimination Last month, we published our report into race discrimination at Pontins holiday parks. Our new video tells the story of just one of the people who experienced this discrimination. Read the report Recent content Menopause in the workplace: Guidance for employers These resources are designed to help employers understand their legal obligations in relation to… 22 February 2024 Report: Investigation into Pontins holiday parks Read our full investigation into Pontins holiday parks. 15 February 2024 News News Regulator provides advice for employers on menopause and the Equality Act 21 February 2024 News Pontins served with unlawful act notice by equality watchdog after race… 15 February 2024 News University of Bristol v Abrahart: equality watchdog responds to judgment in… 14 February 2024 News Irish Traveller settles race discrimination claim with support from equality… 31 January 2024 View all news Blogs Working with Parliament to advance children’s rights by Human Rights Monitoring Team 29 February 2024 Whistleblowing and our investigation into Pontins by Enforcement Team 15 February 2024 Equality and Human Rights Monitor: the last five years by Evidence Team 25 January 2024 International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women by Human Rights Monitoring Team 25 November 2023 View all blogs Our legal cases Clarifying responsibilities around reasonable adjustments in higher education Age Disability 15 February 2024 Ensuring children have support to challenge discriminatory exclusions from school Disability Race Ongoing Challenging discriminatory refusals of flexible working requests Sex 28 November 2023 Challenging religious discrimination in the British Army Race Religion or belief 28 November 2023 Search all legal cases Your rights Equality Act 2010 Find out about the Equality Act and how it applies to you. Human rights Everything you need to know about your human rights and how they are protected. Was this page useful? Yes No Is there something wrong with this page? Thank you for your feedback Help us to improve this website Why isn't this page helpful It isn't relevant to my situation It doesn't have enough detail I can't work out what I should do next I don't understand Please tell us more about why this page is not helpful. We can't reply, so, if you need help with a problem, find out where to go for advice. Do not include personal information such as e-mail, telephone number or address. Problem details Send feedback. Close Thank you for your feedback Help us to improve this website What kind of problem are you experiencing on this page? Broken links Typo Accessibility issue Incorrect information Other problems Please tell us more about why this page is not helpful. We can't reply, so, if you need help with a problem, find out where to go for advice. Do not include personal information such as e-mail, telephone number or address. Problem details Send feedback Close Stay informed Sign up to receive our email newsletter for the latest news, legal action and guidance. Sign up to our newsletter Footer menu Contact us Accessibility statement Cookie policy Media centre Privacy notice Publication scheme Terms of use Welsh language standards Stay connected Twitter Linkedin Facebook Youtube