Home Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Menu plainlanguage.gov Home Law and requirements Overview Agency programs and contacts Plain writing page template Law and requirements Plain language guidelines Overview Write for your audience Organize the information Choose your words carefully Be concise Keep it conversational Design for reading Follow web standards Test your assumptions Plain language guidelines Examples Overview Before and after Award winners Reports and brochures Handbooks and manuals Letters and notices Regulations Examples Training Overview Introductory classes Videos Online training Train-the-trainer bootcamp Create your own class Tips for starting a plain language program Training Resources Overview Groups and organizations Checklists and handouts Style guides Books Articles Writing and reference tools Content types Humor Quotes Resources About Overview What is plain language? Why use plain language? History and timeline Get involved About Search Search Information StatusWe are currently revising content on plainlanguage.gov, including the federal guidelines, training materials, and other online resources. We’ve temporarily paused accepting training requests until after this update is complete. We hope to resume training later in the fall 2023. Plain language makes it easier for the public to read, understand, and use government communications. Learn more Law and requirements Learn about the Plain Writing Act, policy memos, and executive orders that require agencies to use plain language. Plain language guidelines Official writing guidelines for understanding your audience, being clear and concise, and testing your content. Training Request in-person training for your federal agency, or use our videos and materials to create your own class. Examples See plain language in action in a variety of regulations, legal documents, handbooks, and publications. Upcoming events August 24, 2022 2022 Federal Plain Language Summit On August 24, 2022, our summit brought together federal employees to highlight plain language successes in many federal agencies at all stages of the communications journey. Experience the slides and some recordings from some of our speakers. Speakers addressed debunking myths, meeting varying audience’s needs, managing the review process and stakeholders, and supporting plain language editors. About us The Plain Language Action and Information Network (PLAIN) is a community of federal employees dedicated to the idea that citizens deserve clear communication from government. We believe that using plain language saves federal agencies time and money and provides better service to the American public. Subscribe to our mailing list Learn about upcoming events and get the latest news from the federal plain language community. Subscribe The Plain Language Action and Information Network develops and maintains the content of this site with support from the General Services Administration. You may use any of the content on this site without explicit permission. As a federal website, the content is in the public domain. We ask only that you credit our work by citing back to PLAIN and www.plainlanguage.gov. Help us improve this site on GitHub Contact us Email us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn plainlanguage.gov An official website of the U.S. General Services Administration About GSA Accessibility statement FOIA requests No FEAR Act data Office of the Inspector General Performance reports Privacy policy Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov