Core77 / Industrial Design Magazine + Resource Company Directory ID Jobs Awards Blog Guides Discussion About Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Sign In / Join Now Core77 Company Directory ID Jobs Awards Blog Guides Discussion e Sign In / Join Now e Tech A Bluetooth Speaker with a Cylindrical Spinning LED Display The Haloasis March 5 New Core77 Design Awards Embrace Design Heritage, Reframe for the Future Afshin Mehin, Founder and Lead Designer at Card79, on how designers can reorient themselves for today's design world March 5 New Tools & Craft Specialty Tools: A Straw Splitter For fashion designer Emma Bruschi's stunning straw and feather accessories March 4 New 1 Comment Core77 Design Awards The Hard Work of Designing for Play OgoSport's Kevin Williams on what it feels like to bring a new product to life March 4 New Tools & Craft Festool's New ExoActive Exoskeleton Runs on 18V cordless batteries March 4 New 2 Comments Architecture In New Zealand, Ex-Grain-Silo Living Quarters SiloStay, by architecture firm F3 Design March 4 New 2 Comments Directory Company Profiles Core77 Industrial Design Resources Core77 Directory Find the Best Industrial Design Companies Go aruliden Aruliden is a global design agency born in 2006. We are a collection of people who care deeply about... Ammunition Founded in 2007, Ammunition is led by partners Robert Brunner and Matt Rolandson. Our work is create... Michael DiTullo Design. Every. Thing. Creating innovative products and brand experiences. For more than 20 years Mi... Design 1st Inc. Hardware product design is a high risk business - unless you have a design partner who has done it s... Curve ID Curve ID is a New York City based studio, offering a complete industrial design consultancy service.... Unbox Product Design Unbox is a full-service design, engineering, branding, and custom manufacturing firm. Unbox works wi... Tandem Product Design With a stellar record of design and engineering successful products with World Class brands since 20... Boards Need some advice? Seeking feedback on a project? The conversation starts here. Design Jobs Project Architect Food Plant Engineering, LLC Cincinnati, Ohio Sr Product Designer HMTX Industries Connecticut | Onsite or Remote Possible Interior Designer Vera Iconica Architecture Jackson, Wyoming Residential Interior Designer LA-Z-BOY Cincinnati, Ohio Post A Job View All Jobs Most Popular Festool's New ExoActive Exoskeleton A Treasure Trove of Discarded Industrial Material for Designers This Fun Robot for Farmers is Like an RC Car with Augers for Wheels In New Zealand, Ex-Grain-Silo Living Quarters Popular Discussions In New Zealand, Ex-Grain-Silo Living Quarters Industrial Design Case Study: Biometric Firearm Security by SGW Designworks This Fun Robot for Farmers is Like an RC Car with Augers for Wheels Specialty Tools: A Straw Splitter Galleries Sketchbattle Gallery - Car Design Sketching Competition Gallery: 100 Years of Lincoln's Automotive Designs Photos from the 2021 L.A. Auto Show Gallery: Audi Skysphere Concept Sketches and Renderings Reader Projects Transforming Fabric Scraps into Furniture Commemorative Coin Set for the 100th anniversary of Turkiye The Byrd Clyp - EDC Multi Tool for Golfers The SATcase: A Phone Case Connecting Smart Phones to a Satellite Network Join over 240,000 designers who stay up-to-date with the Core77 newsletter. Subscribe Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe K { Welcome mSign In with Twitter USign In with Linkedin OR jSign In with Core77 Account Email or Username Password Forgot password? Keep me signed in Cancel Don't have an account? Join Now K { Welcome Create a Core77 Account YJoin Now with Facebook mJoin Now with Twitter UJoin Now with Linkedin OR jJoin Now with Email Email Not Public Username Password Confirm Password Cancel Already have an account? Sign In By creating a Core77 account you confirm that you accept the Terms of Use K Reset Password Please enter your email and we will send an email to reset your password. Email Cancel Our Network Coroflot — Design Jobs & Portfolios Design Directory — Design Firms Core77 Design Awards Social Instagram Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS Feed Links About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2024 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved. © 2024 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Policy Contact Advertise About ) m Y ' S © 2024 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved. r Join over 240,000 designers who stay up-to-date with the Core77 newsletter. Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe Subscribe Our website uses cookies to enhance the site operation and understand traffic and website performance. Learn more. Accept Cookies