Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date | Sports-Reference.com Sports Reference ® Baseball Football (college) Basketball (college) Hockey Futebol Blog Stathead ® Immaculate Grid Questions or Comments? Welcome · Your Account Logout Ad-Free Login Create Account MENU Baseball Basketball NFL Hockey CFB CBB Soccer Stathead Blog Full Site Menu Below You are here: SR Home Page > Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date Welcome · Your Account Logout Ad-Free Login Create Account Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date We democratize data, so our users enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love. We are hiring! We are seeking an Executive Operations Coordinator and three Software Engineers (one Senior). See our jobs page for details and information on what it's like working for Sports Reference. Stathead.com Are you a Stathead? Then you've come to the right place. Stathead subscribers gain access to a suite of tools used by the pros. Search the best (or the worst) seasons, games, splits and more by players and teams throughout history. Any time you see an incredible stat mentioned on a broadcast, in an article or in social media, there's an excellent chance it came from Stathead. Every subscription also comes with ad-free browsing on our site for that sport so you get the smoothest browsing experience. Stathead Baseball, Stathead Football, Stathead Hockey and Stathead Basketball are live now, with more sports planned for the future. You can also sign up for our free newsletters to stay up on the latest scores, stats and news in your favorite sports. Baseball-Reference.com The premier online database for the history of Major League Baseball. Pages for every season, team, player, league and manager in major league history. Every AL, NL and Federal League box score since 1901. Every line of play-by-play since 1973. Also includes sections for minor, foreign, independent and college baseball leagues. Updated daily. Basketball-Reference.com The leading online encyclopedia for NBA & WNBA history. Pages for every season, team, player, coach and draft in NBA/BAA/ABA & WNBA history. Every box score in NBA/BAA/ABA & WNBA history. Play-by-play for the NBA since 1996-97 and WNBA since 2018. Every buzzer-beater in NBA/BAA/ABA history. Includes G-League, NBL, Olympics and foreign professional leagues. Updated daily. Pro-Football-Reference.com The preeminent website detailing the full statistical history of the NFL (including the APFA, AAFC and AFL). Pages for every season, team, player, coach and draft. Line scores for every game detailing every score in history, box scores with passing/rushing/receiving stats since 1933 and play-by-play since 1994. Updated the morning after every NFL game. Hockey-Reference.com The best online database for NHL statistical history. Pages for every season, team, player, coach and draft in NHL history. Every box score in NHL history. Also includes coverage of the WHA. Updated daily. College Football @ Sports-Reference.com College Football game results for every major school back to Princeton vs Rutgers in 1869. FBS player Stats back to 1956. Every FBS box score since 2000. The site also includes sections for coaches, awards, leaders, and bowl games. College Basketball @ Sports-Reference.com Men's and Women's College Basketball Stats. Men's box scores available back to 2010-11 and major school results since 1949-50. Women's season stats complete since 1987-88 and box scores complete back to 2002-03. Box scores for every Men's NCAA Tournament game all-time (Women's results complete back to 1982). Player Stats from Stephen Curry to Bill Walton, Caitlin Clark to Sheryl Swoopes. Stats for schools and conferences. Sections for coaches, awards, leaders, and the postseason. FBref.com Comprehensive website for football/soccer statistics from all over the world. Statistics, scores and history for over 100,000 players from over 100 competitions, including men's, women's, club and national teams. Expected Goals and other advanced stats from Opta for dozens of competitions dating back to 2017. Updated daily. Immaculate Grid Put your sports knowledge to the test with our daily sports trivia game. Now available for Baseball, Men's Basketball, Women's Basketball, Football, and Hockey. Immaculate Footy is our grid game for world football. Can you complete the grid? For Your Reference Podcast A podcast brought to you by the makers of your favorite sports websites including Baseball Reference, Basketball Reference, Pro Football Reference, FBRef, Hockey Reference and more! Subscribe on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or Google Podcasts. Sports Reference Shop Wear the colors of your favorite Sports Reference site. All proceeds will be donated to support youth sports. About Sports Reference Our Core Purpose: We democratize data, so our users enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love. Our Values: We strive to work with respect, reliability with oomph, and craftsmanship, and also to promote the democratization of sports data. Read about our history and our team Work at Sports Reference: We are a profitable, bootstrapped, remote-first company that offers competitive salaries and outstanding benefits. (More) Our Corporate Sponsorships include: Notable Press Mentions The Athletic: 60 Moments: No. 50, Baseball-Reference changes everything, May 8, 2020 Game of Zones, Basketball-Reference New York Times: Trying to Find the Signal in the Noise of Hall of Fame Voting, Feb. 1, 2020 The Athletic, Jan. 2, 2020 SABRcast with Rob Neyer, July 29, 2019 New York Times, Feb. 13, 2019 WTOP, Washington, March 1, 2018 Time Magazine, Aug. 25, 2010 Slate, Jan. 6, 2004 Sports Illustrated, Dec. 16, 2002 Podcast Appearances Adam Darowski on SABRcast with Rob Neyer Adam Darowski on OOTP Now Podcast Alex Bonilla on APBA Football Club Mike Lynch on Rejecting The Screen Kenny Jackelen on OOTP Now Podcast Sixers History Podcast Hang up and Listen Hans Van Slooten on Effectively Wild Infinite Inning NFL Research - "Pro Football Reference is one of the most comprehensive free tools for research, and we use it on a daily basis." Resources Sports Reference Blog: All of the latest news and announcements for the Sports Reference sites. Sports Reference Social Media: How you can follow us on a variety of social media platforms. Sports Reference Linker Program: Do you have a blog? Use the linker bookmarklet to automatically link all of the players mentioned in your article. Available for Baseball, Basketball, Football, Hockey, and FBref. Welcome · Your Account Logout Ad-Free Login Create Account You are here: SR Home Page > Sports Reference | Sports Stats, fast, easy, and up-to-date Full Site Menu Return to Top Sports Reference Blog Your Feedback or Questions Advertise with Sports Reference Terms of Use Privacy Policy How to Contact Sports Reference About Sports Reference Jobs at Sports Reference Participate In Sports Reference Research Studies For Your Reference, A Sports Reference Podcast Sports Reference Shop How to Share Sports Reference Data Acceptable Use of Sports Reference Data Automatically Link Your Blogs to SR Player Pages Directions to Sports Reference We're Social...for Statheads Every Sports Reference Social Media Account Site Last Updated: Saturday, February 24, 4:06PM Question, Comment, Feedback, or Correction? Subscribe to our Free Email Newsletter Do you have a sports website? Or write about sports? We have tools and resources that can help you use sports data. Find out more. FAQs, Tip & Tricks Tips and Tricks from our Blog. Do you have a blog? Join our linker program. Watch our How-To Videos to Become a Stathead Subscribe to Stathead and get access to more data than you can imagine All logos are the trademark & property of their owners and not Sports Reference LLC. We present them here for purely educational purposes. Our reasoning for presenting offensive logos. Logos were compiled by the amazing SportsLogos.net. Copyright © 2000-2024 Sports Reference LLC. All rights reserved. The SPORTS REFERENCE and STATHEAD trademarks are owned exclusively by Sports Reference LLC. Use without license or authorization is expressly prohibited. Sports Reference ® Baseball Football (college) Basketball (college) Hockey Soccer Blog Stathead ® Immaculate Grid About • Conditions & Terms of Service • Advertise With Us • Jobs at SR Sports Reference Purpose: We will be the trusted source of information and tools that inspire and empower users to enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love. Privacy Policy • Gambling Revenue Policy • Accessibility Policy • Use of Data