OS X Daily - News and Tips for Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Everything Apple Home Mac OS iPhone iPad Tips & Tricks News iOS Troubleshooting RC of macOS Sonoma 14.4 Available for Testing Mar 4, 2024 - Leave a Comment Apple has released an RC build for macOS Sonoma 14.4 for Mac users who are engaging in the beta testing program for macOS. The RC build for Sonoma 14.4 arrives alongside RC builds for watchOS 10.4, tvOS 17.4, and visionOS 1.1, roughly a week after the RC builds for iOS 17.4 and iPadOS 17.4 became available. There is speculation that iOS 17.4 might debut as early as tomorrow, or at least sometime this week, and presumably Sonoma 14.4 and the other OS updates will arrive concurrently. macOS Sonoma 14.4 is set to include new Emoji icons like a shaking head and mushroom, a Podcasts transcription feature, along with a few bug fixes and security updates. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - Mac OS, News - Leave a Comment Create a Budget on iPhone, Mac, & iPad, with Numbers Mar 4, 2024 - Leave a Comment Budgeting is a critical part of life and financial management, allowing you to easily allocate your income and manage expenses. While anyone can overcomplicate the budget process, it doesn’t have to be that way, and thanks to Apple software that is freely available for iPhone, Mac, and iPad, you can easily setup a budget in no time at all. Some people may enjoy setting up a budget, while others may creating a budget to be overwhelming or stressful, but it doesn’t matter which camp you fall into, because the Numbers app on iPhone, iPad, and Mac, offers a free built-in budget spreadsheet that is super easy to use. That’s exactly what we’re going to show you how to configure here, let’s get to it and build your budget spreadsheet. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - iPad, iPhone, Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - Leave a Comment Apple Launches New MacBook Air with M3 Chip, Support for 2 External Displays Mar 4, 2024 - 2 Comments Apple has released fresh updates to the MacBook Air lineup of computers, bringing the powerful M3 chip to the popular Mac laptop, along with some other nice new features. According to Apple’s press release announcing the products, the new M3 MacBook Air is up to 60% faster than the M1 model, and up to a whopping 13x faster than Intel MacBook Air models, making this a fantastic upgrade for Mac users venturing into the world of Apple Silicon hardware. You’ll also see up to 2x faster wi-fi speeds, thanks to Wi-Fi 6E support. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - News - 2 Comments Arc Browser is a Web Browser, Reimagined Mar 3, 2024 - 7 Comments Arc is an interesting new take on the web browser, aiming to be more like a little mini operating system than just another browser app. It has some fascinating features and a little bit of a learning curve, but once you get the swing of things, you may find you really appreciate the reimagined browser experience. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - iPad, iPhone, Mac OS - 7 Comments Get Real-Time Sport Scores & Live Stats with Apple Sports Mar 2, 2024 - Leave a Comment Sports fans will be pleased to know that Apple has released an Apple Sports app for iPhone, which offers real-time score information, live stats, and betting odds. Apple Sports intends to be fast, direct, and features a simple user interface that is not overengineered. Given some of the other sports apps out there with very busy interfaces and sluggish performance, Apple Sports could be a welcome addition to many iPhone users home screens. And if you were wondering, the app is not available for iPad or Mac, yet anyway, Apple Sports is iPhone exclusive. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - iPhone, News - Leave a Comment See Who Sent You a Link in Safari on iPhone, Mac, iPad Mar 1, 2024 - Leave a Comment The latest versions of Safari for Mac, iPhone, and iPad, support a handy feature that allows you to quickly identify who sent you a particular link or webpage that you have open in the browser. This ‘sent from’ link feature is useful if you engage in a lot of exchanging of URLs between friends, coworkers, family, or colleagues, and you end up with a lot of tabs open. By including a “from (sender)” badge at the top of Safari, users can immediately identify where a particular link came from. Read more » By Ali Khan - iPad, iPhone, Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - Leave a Comment Apple Cancels the Apple Car Project Mar 1, 2024 - 3 Comments Apple has canceled their ambitious decade-long car project, codenamed Project Titan, according to a report from Bloomberg. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - News - 3 Comments RC of iOS 17.4 & iPadOS 17.4, macOS Sonoma 14.4 Beta 5, Released for Testing Feb 29, 2024 - Leave a Comment Apple has issued Release Candidate builds for iOS 17.4 and iPadOS 17.4, along with beta 5 of macOS Sonoma 14.4 and tvOS 17.4. Separately, a new beta of VisionOS 1.1 is available for Apple Vision Pro beta testers. Beta updates and RC builds are available to any users who are actively participating in the Apple beta system software programs. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - News - Leave a Comment Fix iPad Temperature Warning: iPad needs to cool down before you can use it Feb 29, 2024 - Leave a Comment iPad may display a warning message on the screen if it gets too hot, becoming unusable until the iPad cools down again. This happens if the iPad is overheating, and there are various reasons this can happen. The specific message on screen is “Temperature – iPad needs to cool down before you can use it.” And this is accompanied by a red thermometer icon in the middle of an otherwise darkened screen. You may have seen this on iPhone too, but obviously we’re focused on the iPad overheating here. We’re going to review some of the most common reasons an iPad may overheat, and what measures you can take to potentially resolve the problem. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - iPad, Tips & Tricks, Troubleshooting - Leave a Comment How to Fix “Your system has run out of application memory” on Mac Feb 28, 2024 - 5 Comments Rarely, a Mac can experience a memory leak which causes MacOS to run out of memory. When this happens, it’s fairly obvious because not only does the Mac become unresponsive, but you see an error message on the screen that says “Your system has run out of application memory. To avoid problems with your computer, quit any applications you are not using.” This error message is presented inside of a Force Quit window, where you can see what apps are open and using the most amount of memory. Let’s discuss what causes the Mac to run out of application memory and present this particular error message, and how to fix it. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - Mac OS, Tips & Tricks, Troubleshooting - 5 Comments How to Mount & Copy HFS Classic Mac Drives on MacOS Feb 27, 2024 - 2 Comments Modern versions of MacOS no longer support HFS, meaning that new Macs can no longer read, mount, or write to classic HFS drives. But a fair amount of longtime Mac users continue to have older Macs and old Mac hard drives that are in HFS format, way back from the days of Mac OS 8, Mac OS 9, and early Mac OS X, and thus may wish to mount, read, and copy files from those old classic HFS volumes, to their modern Mac. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - Command Line, Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - 2 Comments How to Recover Unsaved Word Documents on Mac with AutoRecovery Feb 26, 2024 - 2 Comments While you should get in the habit of frequently saving your documents as you work in them, including in Microsoft Word, things don’t always go as planned. Many modern Mac apps will automatically save progress as you work in them, and Microsoft Word is one of them. Thanks to a feature called AutoRecovery, which saves a recovery file of your data every 10 minutes in the background as you work, you may be able to recover files and documents from Word in the event that Word crashes or even the entire Mac crashes. This tutorial is going to show you how to use the AutoRecovery feature of Microsoft Word on a Mac, and, if that fails, a way to manually access auto recovery files from Microsoft Word in the MacOS file system using a hidden directory. These tricks should help you to recover unsaved Word documents from your Mac. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - 2 Comments Fix “Not authorized to send Apple events to System Events” Mac Error Feb 25, 2024 - 3 Comments Some Mac users may occasionally stumble into a oddly worded error message when attempting to launch an application that states “Not authorized to send Apple events to System Events”, and, when clicking OK to dismiss the error, nothing happens – the app does not launch on MacOS. If you attempt to open the app triggering this error message again, you will see the error message again, but again the Mac app will not launch. The full text of this Mac error message is usually “Not authorized to send Apple events to System Events. Not authorized to send Apple events to System Events. (-1743)” Repeating itself twice in the same error message, to add to the confusion. What is this “not authorized to send Apple events to system events” error message on the Mac, and how do you fix it? That’s exactly what we’ll show you here. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - Mac OS, Tips & Tricks, Troubleshooting - 3 Comments How to Make Microsoft Edge the Default Mac Web Browser Feb 24, 2024 - 1 Comment Microsoft Edge is a great web browser alternative that is available for MacOS, iPhone, iPad, and obviously Windows, and Android too. Not only is it fast and offers free access to ChatGPT 4, but if you regularly use different computing platforms, you’ll appreciate that you can sync your browser data across all of your devices, whether it’s another Mac, Windows PC, iPhone, Android, or iPad. If you’re a fan of Microsoft Edge for Mac, you may want to make it your default web browser. While you can change your default web browser through System Settings, Microsoft Edge offers a more direct way to become your new default browser when you click links from anywhere else on the Mac. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - 1 Comment How to Disable Content Blockers for Specific Sites in Safari for Mac Feb 23, 2024 - 1 Comment Some Mac users have content blockers installed into Safari, which are usually designed to prevent a part of a webpage from loading, things like preventing a remote javascript that tracks cookies or loads ads, or something that places a cookie into your browser, etc. The very nature of how content blockers work can cause interference with certain webpages, and it’s not unusual for content blockers to completely break a website or webpage from functioning. Problems with content blockers are particularly common with finance and banking sites, wi-fi captive portals, and video sharing sites, so you may find yourself wanting to disable content blockers for a specific site as you browse the web in Safari on your Mac. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - 1 Comment Use a Free Net Worth Spreadsheet on iPhone, Mac, iPad, with Numbers Feb 22, 2024 - Leave a Comment If you’re looking to keep track of your net worth easily, you don’t need to download an app or sign up for a new service. If you’re an iPhone, Mac, or iPad owner, you’ll be happy to know that Apple conveniently offers a really great spreadsheet for tracking your net worth, and it’s free, bundled within the Numbers app on iPhone, Mac, and iPad. Many services exist to keep track of net worth, but some of those apps and services are being killed off (like the popular Mint service), or require subscription fees. But there’s no need to get frustrated with those online experiences, or to pay for a subscription fee, or to even buy a net worth tracking spreadsheet, because Apple provides a great template for tracking your net worth for free, available on every iPhone, iPad, and Mac, and technically even for PC and Android users thanks to Numbers for iCloud. Read more » By Jamie Cuevas - iPad, iPhone, Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - Leave a Comment 4th Beta of iOS 17.4, macOS Sonoma 14.4, iPadOS 17.4, Available for Testing Feb 21, 2024 - Leave a Comment Apple has issued the fourth beta versions of iOS 17.4, iPadOS 17.4, macOS Sonoma 14.4, watchOS 14.4, and tvOS 17.4. Additionally a new beta of visionOS 1.1 is available for the developers who are working with Apple Vision Pro. These beta updates are available to all users who are enrolled in the beta testing programs for Apple system software. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - News - Leave a Comment Where Are Screenshots Saved on Mac? Feb 21, 2024 - 5 Comments It’s a reasonable question to wonder where screenshots are stored on the Mac, particularly if you’re a Mac user that is taking screenshots who then needs to interact with those screen captures for whatever reason. Maybe you want to send a screenshot file to someone, or maybe you want to work with a particular screenshot in an image editor or other application. Screenshots are very easy to find on the Mac, and, if you wish, you can even change the location where they are saved to. Read more » By Paul Horowitz - Mac OS, Tips & Tricks - 5 Comments Next Page » Subscribe to OSXDaily Follow @OSXDaily Tips & Tricks - Create a Budget on iPhone, Mac, & iPad, with Numbers - See Who Sent You a Link in Safari on iPhone, Mac, iPad - Fix iPad Temperature Warning: iPad needs to cool down before you can use it - How to Fix “Your system has run out of application memory” on Mac - How to Mount & Copy HFS Classic Mac Drives on MacOS News - RC of macOS Sonoma 14.4 Available for Testing - Apple Launches New MacBook Air with M3 Chip, Support for 2 External Displays - Get Real-Time Sport Scores & Live Stats with Apple Sports - Apple Cancels the Apple Car Project - RC of iOS 17.4 & iPadOS 17.4, macOS Sonoma 14.4 Beta 5, Released for Testing iPhone / iPad - Create a Budget on iPhone, Mac, & iPad, with Numbers - Arc Browser is a Web Browser, Reimagined - Get Real-Time Sport Scores & Live Stats with Apple Sports - See Who Sent You a Link in Safari on iPhone, Mac, iPad - Use a Free Net Worth Spreadsheet on iPhone, Mac, iPad, with Numbers Mac - RC of macOS Sonoma 14.4 Available for Testing - Create a Budget on iPhone, Mac, & iPad, with Numbers - Arc Browser is a Web Browser, Reimagined - See Who Sent You a Link in Safari on iPhone, Mac, iPad - How to Fix “Your system has run out of application memory” on Mac Troubleshooting - Fix iPad Temperature Warning: iPad needs to cool down before you can use it - How to Fix “Your system has run out of application memory” on Mac - Fix “Not authorized to send Apple events to System Events” Mac Error - Fix “Photos Quit Unexpectedly” Error on Mac - How to Stop “Upgrade to MacOS Sonoma” Notifications on Macs OSXDaily About OSXDaily | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Sitemap This website is unrelated to Apple Inc All trademarks and copyrights on this website are property of their respective owners. © 2024 OS X Daily. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited.