LSEG Data & Analytics | Financial Technology & Data | LSEG Skip navigation Your Industry CHOOSE YOUR SECTOR Asset Management Central Banks Corporate Treasury Investment Banking Trading Wealth Management Islamic Finance Sustainable Finance Products All Industries Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Wealth Management Product Log-ins All Industries LSEG Workspace Unmatched financial coverage and actionable insights for wealth managers and investment bankers, via a highly customised, open workflow solution. Find out more arrow-right LSEG News Service We are a world-leading provider of financial news, insights and analytics – combining thousands of relevant sources and access to Reuters News that you can't get anywhere else. Find out more arrow-right Asset Management WORKFLOW Workspace for Analysts and Portfolio Managers A customised workflow solution for the analyst and portfolio management community. TRADE EXECUTION AlphaDesk Multi-asset class, order management and portfolio management for buy-side. DATA DataScope Plus For EOD pricing and intra-day reference data. DataScope Select 80m+ active and retired securities on demand. Datastream Explore trends, test ideas, develop viewpoints. Verified Entity Data as a Service Verified Entity Data as a Service ANALYTICS Lipper The trusted resource for independent, unbiased fund performance data. StarMine Quantitative analytics and financial modelling. Yield Book Market-leading data and cashflows modelling for fixed income analytics. Investment Banking WORKFLOW Workspace for Investment Bankers A unique, customised workflow solution for the investment banking community. ANALYTICS Lipper The trusted resource for independent, unbiased fund performance data. StarMine Quantitative analytics and financial modelling. Yield Book Market-leading data and cashflows modelling for fixed income analytics. DATA DataScope Plus For EOD pricing and intra-day reference data. DataScope Select 80m+ active and retired securities on demand. Datastream Explore trends, test ideas, develop viewpoints. Deals Intelligence Key insight for the deal-making community. LPC Syndicated loan, direct lending and CLO market data, news and analysis. On Demand Industry-leading financial reports and analytsis. Verified Entity Data as a Service Ensures risk data compliance with regulations Trading WORKFLOW Workspace for FX Experience a powerful end-to-end FX workflow with our next-generation customisable workflow tool. Workspace for Sales and Traders For timely, relevant trading cues at a moment’s notice. TRADE EXECUTION AlphaDesk Multi-asset class, order management and portfolio management for buy-side. Autex Trade Route Global FIX-based order-routing for buy-side. REDI EMS The broker-neutral, multi-asset EMS. TORA The integrated software package for OEMS, PMS and outsourced trading. POST TRADE Compliance Archive Supervise and analyse traders and messaging. Deal Tracker For every trade on all major FX platforms. Wealth Management ADVISOR SOLUTIONS Workspace for Wealth Advisors Integrated data for a highly customisable, client-centric solution. Thomson ONE Wealth Intelligent front-to-back office workflow. INVESTOR SOLUTIONS Knowledge Direct Providing access to market-moving data. Widget Capabilities Customise and deploy market data quickly. ANALYTICS Lipper The trusted resource for independent, unbiased fund performance data. StarMine Quantitative analytics and financial modelling. Yield Book Market-leading data and cashflows modelling for fixed income analytics. Data DATA SOLUTIONS Real-Time data Spanning the latency spectrum, our offerings include ultra-low, low-latency and consolidated feeds and historical data. Data management and delivery Explore our end-to-end data distribution architectures and technologies that will connect you to global markets. Quantitative Data Solutions Optimise your investment strategies with our leading content, deep-insight analytics and robust data management platform. Reference Data and Pricing Services Enhance your workflow with our cross-asset reference and regulatory data, and pricing services. DATASETS Commodities Data Global pricing and fundamentals for commodies, transport and weather. Company Data An extensive portfolio of content about companies. Economic Data Data that spans 16M+ economic indicators for 215 countries and regions. News Data Our news coverage is led by Reuters, exclusive to LSEG. Pricing and Market Data We are a leading provider of global pricing and market data for the financial markets. View all of our data Analytics ANALYTICS SOLUTIONS Lipper The trusted resource for independent, unbiased fund performance data. StarMine Quantitative analytics and financial modelling. Yield Book Market-leading data and cashflows modelling for fixed income analytics. Workflow WORKFLOW Workspace Unmatched financial coverage and actionable insights for wealth managers and investment bankers. Eikon An open-technology solution providing access to industry-leading data, insights and exclusive news. Thomson ONE Wealth Intelligent front-to-back office workflow, combining client and market data. TRADE EXECUTION TORA The integrated software package for OEMS, PMS and outsourced trading. Insights Data & Analytics Insights Data-driven thought leadership and analysis See all Data & Analytics insights arrow-right Refinitiv is now named LSEG LSEG Data & Analytics Get in touch Discover new possibilities "Welcome to LSEG Data & Analytics, one of the world’s largest providers of financial markets data and infrastructure. With over 40,000 customers and 400,000 end users across approximately 190 markets, we are an essential partner to the global financial community and redefining the future of data in financial services. We enable customers to draw crucial insights through data, feeds, analytics, AI and workflow solutions. With our unique insights seamlessly integrated into your workflow, you can identify opportunity and seize competitive advantage." Satvinder Singh, Global Head, LSEG Data & Analytics Our solutions What you need. Where you need it. How you need it. Our user-friendly workflows and open approach put the power of our unrivalled data and analytics universe right where you need it. Uncover new insights and new opportunities with LSEG Data & Analytics. Data & Feeds Powering your business with best in class global market data and feeds. Open, cloud-collaborative and underpinned by market-leading distribution and management technology, our data can meet your needs, whatever they may be. Discover our Data & Feeds services arrow-right Analytics Predict the future with our industry-leading models and real-time user-defined parameters for scenario-based analytics solutions powered by AI and hosted in the Cloud. Discover our Analytics solutions arrow-right Workflows Through interoperable and collaborative workflows, we supercharge your impact with unique insights, news and cutting-edge analytics, all powered by our open ecosystem, LSEG Workspace. Discover the power of Workspace arrow-right How we can help Building your success together At LSEG, we focus on the innovations and partnerships that matter most to the financial community. We're working with market leaders to amplify our capabilities and to maximise your advantage. Reshaping the future of global finance together LSEG and Microsoft have launched a 10-year strategic partnership. By seamlessly integrating LSEG's comprehensive financial markets data and analytics, and consolidating services through Microsoft’s flexible and trusted cloud-based infrastructure, we are reinventing how customers gain value from their data to unlock boundless opportunities. Learn more about our strategic partnership arrow-right Enabling sustainable growth: why partner with us For over 20 years, across our businesses, we have played a central role in shaping the worlds of finance and sustainability. Our customers can access comprehensive cross-asset data, analytics and indices to enhance transparency in their decision-making, and navigate new sustainability regulations. We operate with transparency and continually invest in building our expertise, client partnerships and collaboration with ESG industry stakeholders - we are seen as a leader in the sustainable finance and investment space. Learn more about our sustainable finance and investment data solutions arrow-right Reuters News. Exclusive to LSEG. We are the sole provider of Reuters news to the global financial marketplace. With its 170-year history and reputation for trust and accuracy, Reuters is at the heart of our news service – on the ground everywhere covering the news that matters, every day for every major market sector – delivering market-moving headlines plus agenda-setting insight and commentary. Learn more about LSEG News arrow-right We stay ahead to keep you ahead Leverage the next generation of AI-driven products, using a sophisticated orchestration of Large Language Models that transform vast amount of live financial data into precise, actionable insights. Learn more about our Analytics solutions to gain competitive advantage arrow-right Insights More Data & Analytics insights Financial market data and public cloud: building for today and towards tomorrow Tomorrow, financial instruments such as equities and fixed income may be trading in the public cloud. Today, market data solutions are evolving to support financial firms’ cloud transformation programmes, powering key use cases. February 22, 2024 • Bill Jary • 6 min Can India seize its opportunity to rival China's economy? Recent trends indicate growing global confidence in India's economic outlook, offering opportunities for domestic companies to thrive amidst challenges. February 19, 2024 • Ellen Ó Fríl • 5 min Reframing the future of financial services with AI LSEG & Microsoft redefine finance with Generative AI! Boosting productivity, creating insights. Join the revolution November 29, 2023 • Emily Prince • 6 min Get in touch Email sales Call sales Email your local sales team Product of interest Select one DataScope Select Datastream Eikon ESG Data Market Data Pricing Data REDI EMS Workspace Other First name Last name Email address Phone number (numerals only; no dashes) Country/territory Select one Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guernsey Guyana Heard and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Rep Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of North Macedonia Reunion Romania Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sth Georgia & Sth Sandwich Is St Vincent and the Grenadines Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay US Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Zambia City(optional) Company Job title Area of interest: Help us connect you to the right expert(optional) By submitting this form, you agree to your personal data being shared within the London Stock Exchange Group of companies (LSEG) for the purpose of receiving communications via post, phone and electronic means from LSEG about events, resources, products, and/or services. Accept terms(optional) For more information on how LSEG uses your data, see our Privacy Statement. You can adjust your preferences at any time through the preference link in any electronic communication that you receive from us. Submit Call your local sales team Americas All countries (toll free): +1 800 427 7570 Brazil: +55 11 47009629 Argentina: +54 11 53546700 Chile: +56 2 24838932 Mexico: +52 55 80005740 Colombia: +57 1 4419404 Europe, Middle East, Africa Europe: +442045302020 Africa: +27 11 775 3188 Middle East & North Africa: 800035704182 Asia Pacific (Sub-Regional) Australia & Pacific Islands: +612 8066 2494 China mainland: +86 10 6627 1095 Hong Kong & Macau: +852 3077 5499 India, Bangladesh, Nepal, Maldives & Sri Lanka: +91 22 6180 7525 Indonesia: +622150960350 Japan: +813 6743 6515 Korea: +822 3478 4303 Malaysia & Brunei: +603 7 724 0502 New Zealand: +64 9913 6203 Philippines: 180 089 094 050 (Globe) or 180 014 410 639 (PLDT) Singapore and all non-listed ASEAN Countries: +65 6415 5484 Taiwan: +886 2 7734 4677 Thailand & Laos: +662 844 9576 Help & Support Already a customer? Get help through MyAccount arrow-right Office locations Contact LSEG near you Find your nearest LSEG office arrow-right Search Data & Analytics Discover Data & Analytics Contact sales Product logins Connect with us LinkedIn Languages English 日本語 – 日本 简体中文 – 中国 Corporate Who we are Careers Media Centre Investor Relations Office locations Security Centre Privacy & Cookie Statement Cookie Settings Sitemap Disclaimer Accessibility Whistleblowing UK Bribery Act Modern Slavery Act