theFashionSpot - News, Runway, Magazine Covers, Ad Campaigns, Models, Beauty, and More! Skip to content theFashionSpot Open Close Menu News Beauty Style Celebs Community Shop Instagram Twitter Facebook Pinterest Search Close Search Forum Members Review Virginie Viard’s Deauville-Inspired Fall 2024 Chanel Collection “The hats and boots only made it worse.” Runway 2 hours ago Christy Turlington, Angelina Kendall, Mahany Pery & Others Pose Across Six Striking Covers of Vogue Mexico for March 2024 “Love the 80s vibe of Angelina’s cover.” Forum Buzz 3 hours ago Beyoncé Tries on a New Look (and Fails Miserably) as CR Fashion Book’s Spring 2024 Cover Star “They’re still trying to sell this woman as a style icon. Beyoncé never had style!” Forum Buzz 4 hours ago Say Hello to the Gucci Beauty Cushion De Beauté SPF Foundation Perfect for the coming summer months! Beauty 5 hours ago Forum Members Review Pierpaolo Piccioli’s All-Black Valentino Collection for Fall 2024 Staged within the decadent interiors of the historic Hôtel de Maisons, Pierpaolo Piccioli declared black is the new ‘PP Pink‘… Runway 21 hours ago Emanuele Farneti Calls Upon Paolo Roversi, Colin Dodgson & Theo Sion to Shoot 3 ‘Stunning’ Covers of D la Repubblica D la Repubblica continues to stomp on the competition and show just about every major fashion magazine on the planet… Forum Buzz 1 day ago Latest News Cynthia Erivo, Loli Bahia, Ida Heiner & Hejia Li Pose for David Sims in Louis Vuitton’s Spring 2024 Campaign “Insanely cheap.” Forum Buzz Mark Eglon 1 day ago Everything You Need to Know About the ‘Everyday Basics’ Zara Hair Care Products, in Collaboration with Guido Palau Steven Meisel-approved hair at home. Beauty Rebecca Akers 1 day ago Forum Members Review Demna’s ‘Hard to Watch’ Balenciaga Collection for Fall 2024 “So démodé.” Runway Mark Eglon 2 days ago Forum Members Review the Debut Collection of Seán McGirr as Alexander McQueen Creative Director “Well that was incredibly disappointing.” Runway Mark Eglon 2 days ago Watch: Part One of the Highlights of Paris Fashion Week Fall 2024 theFashionSpot has you covered this Fall 2024 season… Runway Mark Eglon 4 days ago Forum Members Review Jonathan Anderson’s Albert York-Inspired Loewe Collection for Fall 2024 “There’s a consistency, an intricacy in terms of ideas that is good!” Runway Mark Eglon 4 days ago Jolin Tsai & Son Ye-jin Join Kaia Gerber in Valentino’s Sky-High Spring 2024 Campaign “So much better than last season’s dreadfulness!” Forum Buzz Mark Eglon 4 days ago Barry Keoghan, America Ferrera & Sandra Hüller Front W Magazine’s Annual Directors Issue for 2024 “An instant must-have!” Forum Buzz Mark Eglon 4 days ago Shop theFashionSpot’s Top Picks From Nicolas Ghesquière’s Louis Vuitton Spring 2024 Collection Shop theFashionSpot’s selection… Fashion News Mark Eglon 4 days ago Forum Members Review Chemena Kamali’s Highly-Anticipated Debut as Chloé Creative Director “Bravo Chemena! Chloé is BACK!” Runway Mark Eglon 5 days ago Vittoria Ceretti Poses for Mario Sorrenti (in Gucci & Willy Chavarria) as ELLE’s March 2024 Cover Girl “What’s with the greasy hair?” Forum Buzz Mark Eglon 5 days ago Load More Trending #TBT? Five Big-Name Fashion Designers Who Had Ties to the Nazis What were your favorite designers doing during the Nazi occupation of France? Fashion News 10 years ago 17 Short Models Who Made It Big You don’t have to be over 5’9″ to have a successful modeling career. Models 4 months ago Beyoncé Tries on a New Look (and Fails Miserably) as CR Fashion Book’s Spring 2024 Cover Star “They’re still trying to sell this woman as a style icon. Beyoncé never had style!” Forum Buzz 4 hours ago Let Your Natural Beauty Show with the CC+ Cream Natural Matte Foundation From IT Cosmetics Calling all combination and oily skin types… Beauty 5 days ago About Us Contact Us Advertising AD Choices Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions theFashionSpot is a property of Evolve Media Holdings, LLC. © 2023 All Rights Reserved. | Affiliate Disclosure: Evolve Media Holdings, LLC, and its owned and operated subsidiaries may receive a small commission from the proceeds of any product(s) sold through affiliate and direct partner links. X // ad on openWeb