Special Olympics Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Facebook Facebook Google Plus Instagram Bing Mail To LinkedIn Pinterest Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Youtube magnify Close greater than Quote Facebook Google Plus Mail To LinkedIn Twitter Bing What We Do What We Do Sports Special Olympics supports over 5 million athletes, coaches, and volunteers with 32 Olympic-type sports. Games and Competition Local and international year-round sports training and athletic competitions. Inclusive Health Improving the health and well-being of people with intellectual disabilities. Youth and Schools Empowering Youth Leaders, educators, coaches, and families to build inclusive schools and communities for all. Leadership Unleashing leadership potential in people of all abilities. The Revolution Is Inclusion A peaceful campaign to end discrimination of people with intellectual disabilities. School of Strength: Snack Zone Join professional football player Alex Singleton to get the information and tools you’ll need to make a big impact on your game day—with healthy snacks that can improve your performance. Watch these videos and complete the challenges to make healthy snacking part of your everyday routine and get into the Snack Zone. Read More Get Involved Get Involved Join Us Become an Athlete Become a Volunteer Become a Coach Become an Official Information for Families Find Your Program Start a Local Club/Program Support Us Ways to Donate Partners of the Movement Sports Partnerships Law Enforcement Torch Run Shop Program Finder Get in touch with us to volunteer, become an athlete, join a Unified Sports team, work as a coach and learn about upcoming events. Read More Stories Stories Athletes Get inspired with stories of joy, perseverance, and achievement. Community Impact Learn more about the power Special Olympics has to make real change around the world. In the News Hear about Special Olympics impact from around the world. Inclusion Revolution Radio Inclusion Revolution Radio episodes drop every other Friday at 10am ET. The athlete-led podcast wants to know: what does inclusion mean to you? Read More Events Events World Games Schedule and Results Competition schedule, athlete schedule, and results. Gaming for Inclusion 2023 From November 11 – 18, 2023 Gaming for Inclusion is leading an esports Inclusion Revolution 2026 USA Games On June 20 – 26, 2026, the brightest beacon of inclusion is coming to Minnesota. Host an Event Learn more about hosing an international Special Olympics event. About About Purpose Mission About Intellectual Disabilities History Eunice Kennedy Shriver's Story People Leadership Teams Board of Directors Sargent Shriver Global Messengers Ambassadors More Careers Reports Governance & Finance Press Room Donate English Spanish Search Find It Fast Find job opportunities with Special Olympics What sports does Special Olympics offer? Contact Special Olympics Find events near me Ways to give to Special Olympics Tears Come with Hearing for First Time Watch the reaction of Special Olympics Papua New Guinea athlete Samantha Maiasa, who was born deaf, hear sounds for the very first time. View More Celebrate Women's History Month with Special Olympics Join Special Olympics in celebrating Women’s History Month as we highlight all women within our Movement who help make Special Olympics possible around the world. Read more about Women's History Month Spotlight: Special Olympics East Asia Peng Shaojian is a Special Olympics coach from Guangzhou, China. He shares his experiences coaching and teaching. Read Coach Peng's Interview School of Strength: Snack Zone Five Special Olympics athletes join NFL Player Alex Singleton to launch School of Strength: Snack Zone nutrition campaign Get in the Snack Zone! Pay Parity at Superbowl Malcom Harris-Gowdie makes history as the first fully paid Special Olympics athlete-reporter to cover Super Bowl. Read more about Malcom Harris-Gowdie Meet the Newest Special Olympics Athlete Spokespersons 10 exceptional athletes from around the world will serve 4 years as Sargent Shriver Global Messengers Meet the Sargent Shriver Global Messengers The R-Word Is Still Hurtful Research shows that when the term is used on social media, 7 in every 10 of those posts are negative, and 6 in 10 contain a slur. Learn More In every corner of the earth, Special Olympics is changing the lives of people with intellectual disabilities. These stories come from all around the world CHEERS FOR CHAMPIONS! 50 Game Changers ESPN and Special Olympics have teamed up on a year-long storytelling initiative telling the stories of game changers and game changing moments toward inclusion. Check back each week for a new story of inclusion. Pledge to Include Stories of Inclusion Special Olympics and over 5 Million of our athletes are leading the charge for full inclusion of people with Intellectual Disabilities (ID). The movement is rooted in the spirit of our founder, Eunice Kennedy Shriver, who took a rebellious stand against the injustices faced by people with Intellectual Disabilities in 1968. Today, the fight for inclusion is more relevant than ever. People of all ages, races, genders, cultures, backgrounds, and abilities continue to face discrimination, ignorance, and disparagement. Just as Eunice Kennedy Shriver did 50 years ago, Special Olympics is setting a stake in the ground to create change and, this time, our athletes are leading the way. Stay In Touch See inspiring stories, photos and videos in our Special Olympics monthly newsletter. Your Email Close Thank you for joining our Newsletter! There was an error, please try again Loading Thank you for joining our Newsletter! Sign Up Athletes Sana's Story Where there is light, there is hope.Let some light into your life and watch Sana's journey from being chained up and excluded in her village in Pakistan to competing at the Special Olympics Berlin World Games 2023. Athletes From Adversity To Triumph – An Inspiring Journey “These kids we label ‘special’, are truly born to do special things in their lives!”Have you ever heard a story of a girl who chased her dreams, until they became her reality? That’s my daughter, Muskan Garg. 3 Min Read Community Impact Singleton Siblings Find Passion and Support for Each Other Through Special Olympics Alex Singleton has laced up his cleats countless times throughout his amateur and professional football career. It’s part of his well-honed pre-game routine, something that does not change from game to game. But on December 3, 2023, there was a change. A noticeable and meaningful one. 4 Min Read Share Your Story of Inclusion Get Involved Special Olympics offers many ways to take part. There are short-term and long-term volunteer opportunities, the option of playing Unified Sports and to become a Special Olympics athlete. Find a program near you Make a Difference Please donate and help us get one more athlete onto the playing field. Donation Amount $25 $50 $100 $500 $1000 Other Donate Now OUR ORGANIZATION About Us Through the power of sports, people with intellectual disabilities discover new strengths and abilities, skills and success. Our athletes inspire people in their communities and elsewhere to open their hearts to a wider world of human talents and potential. Mission The mission of Special Olympics is to provide year-round sports training and athletic competition in a variety of Olympic-type sports for children and adults with intellectual disabilities, giving them continuing opportunities to develop physical fitness, demonstrate courage, experience joy and participate in a sharing of gifts, skills and friendship with their families, other Special Olympics athletes and the community. History From a backyard summer camp for people with intellectual disabilities to a global movement, Special Olympics has been changing lives and attitudes since 1968. Eunice Kennedy Shriver Eunice Kennedy Shriver, founder of Special Olympics, was a pioneer in the worldwide struggle for rights and acceptance for people with intellectual disabilities. Leadership Teams Special Olympics is led by a senior management team with broad corporate and nonprofit experience. Seven regional offices around the world are headed up by managing directors who support the ongoing growth and development of programs in their regions. In addition, Special Olympics has a Global Athlete Leadership Council which features an Athlete Leader from each of the seven regions and provides feedback, guidance, and ideas to the Special Olympics International Board of Directors and Leadership Team. About Intellectual Disabilities Children and adults with intellectual disabilities inspire us every day at Special Olympics events around the world. But what are intellectual disabilities? Share your story of Inclusion Our revolution starts with you. Upload your video, photos and story to add your voice to the unified generation. #unifiedgeneration Upload and Share Community Impact Special Olympics – Five Days in Folgaria A new sports documentary following the athletes, coaches and volunteers of Special Olympics Great Britain has been released globally by BBC Sport. 1 Min Read Community Impact Global Coalition for Inclusion Signed in Ghana and Seychelles Special Olympics Ghana hosted the first signing in the Special Olympics (SO) Africa Region of the Global Coalition for Inclusion with the Republic of Ghana on 27 November 2023. 2 Min Read In the News Special Olympics Continues to get Active in Winter Sports The International Ski and Snowboard Federation (FIS) shared the following excerpt about Special Olympics’ involvement in World Snow Day and the Special Olympics Great Britain Winter Games in Italy. 1 Min Read In the News Special Olympics Announces New Rosemary Collaboratory Initiative to Help Strengthen Health Systems to Include those with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Rosemary Kennedy inspired Eunice Kennedy Shriver to found Special Olympics, and Special Olympics is excited to further honor her memory with the newly launched Rosemary Collaboratory. 2 Min Read Our Reach 3,053,015 ATHLETES 46,028 COMPETITIONS 672,114 VOLUNTEERS 330,898 COACHES 41,666 ATHLETE HEALTH SCREENINGS 18,350 Unified Schools Featured Partners Special Olympics Founding Partner Funding Special Olympics work worldwide Working together to build a more diverse and inclusive society Proud Partner of Unified Sports® Official Broadcast Partner and Global Presenting Sponsor of Unified Sports® Global Supplier of Ophthalmic Lenses for Special Olympics the Opening Eyes program Proud partner of Special Olympics Europe Eurasia Employee volunteers changing the game year-round locally and nationally Official Sponsor of Special Olympics International Sport and Coach Programming Expanding health services for people with intellectual disabilities Supporting Special Olympics throughout the world Supports access to quality eye care Official Technology Partner Teaming up to grow flag football Supporting Special Olympics athletes for nearly 40 years Exclusive Global Supplier of Ophthalmic Frames and Sunglasses for the Special Olympics Opening Eyes program Official Global Partner of the Special Olympics Healthy Athletes® Healthy Hearing program Supports Special Olympics’ mission to forge stronger youth engagement. Supporting Play Unified through an annual consumer fundraising campaign The largest grass-roots fundraiser and public awareness vehicle for Special Olympics Presenting Sponsor of the 2018 Unified Cup and Global Unified Sports® Partner Proud Supporter of Special Olympics creating more inclusive workplaces Donate Join Us Get Involved Get Involved Become a Special Olympics Athlete Become a Volunteer Become a Coach Become an Official Find Your Program Ways to Donate About About Mission About Intellectual Disabilities Governance & Finance History Leadership Research and Evaluation Reports Where We Work Where We Work Africa Region Asia Pacific Region East Asia Region Europe/Eurasia Region Latin America Region Middle East/North Africa Region North America Region Media Media Blog Galleries In the News Photos Photos on Flickr Press Room Videos Follow Follow Related Sites Related Sites USA Games 2026 Berlin 2023 World Games Schedule and Results Center for Inclusive Health Generation Unified Spread the Word A Very Special Christmas Get Into It K-12 Program Resources Law Enforcement Torch Run Home | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use | Careers | Contact | © 2024 Special Olympics Created By The Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. Foundation for the Benefit of Persons with Intellectual Disabilities. Website made possible by Brightspot.Special Olympics is a tax exempt 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. Special Olympics Identification Number (EIN) is 52-0889518. Powered By