NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory Skip to main content Skip to footer links close menu NSSL Home About NSSL Overview Organization History VORTEX @ NSSL Awards Scientific Challenges Lab Review 2021 Events Visitor Info Weather Research Overview Thunderstorms Tornadoes Flooding Lightning Hail Damaging Winds Winter Weather Behavioral Insights Research Tools Overview Radar Testbeds Observation Simulation Decision Support Warning Forecast Science Applications Projects Overview ANCHOR ATD CAMS FACETs NOAA HWT mPING MRMS PERiLS TORUS VORTEX-SE / VORTEX USA Warn on Forecast Field Projects People Overview Staff Directory Publications Jobs Students Outreach News & Media Overview NSSL News Video Fact Sheets Podcasts Media Resources Education Overview Severe Weather 101 For Educators For Students For Everyone NSSL NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory Science & Engineering Day NSSL hosted its inaugural NSSL Science and Engineering Day recently, gathering lab staff for a full day of reflection, discussion and collaboration Learn more → Making winter travel safer Traveling in winter weather can be inconvenient at best and dangerous at worst. NSSL scientists are working with the National Weather Service on better ways to forecast dangerous winter weather and cut down on the impact of hazards on travel. Learn more → Behavioral Insights NSSL behavioral science researchers work closely with emergency managers, broadcast meteorologists, operational forecasters, and the U.S. public to understand and provide the weather information society needs. Learn more→ Citizen Science: Tell your TORNADO TALE! Has a tornado hit your community? Have you received a tornado alert? NOAA scientists want to hear your story! The Tornado Tales citizen science tool provides a way for people to anonymously report their tornado experiences. Watch the video and learn more! :: Tell your tornado tale! Step into the wild world of weather! What is a wall cloud? What's the difference between a watch and a warning? Is it ever “too cold to snow”? Learn about tornadoes, hail, lightning, floods, and more at Severe Weather 101! About NSSL Organization History VORTEX @ NSSL Awards Scientific Challenges Lab Review 2021 Events Visitor Info Weather Research Thunderstorms Tornadoes Flooding Lightning Hail Damaging Winds Winter Weather Behavioral Insights Research Tools Radar Testbeds Observation Simulation Decision Support Warning Forecast Science Applications Projects ANCHOR ATD CAMS FACETs NOAA HWT mPING MRMS PERiLS TORUS VORTEX-SE / VORTEX USA Warn on Forecast Field Projects People Staff Directory Publications Jobs Students Outreach News & Media NSSL News Video Fact Sheets Podcasts Media Resources Education Severe Weather 101 For Educators For Students For Everyone Saving Lives & Property… NOAA’s National Severe Storms Laboratory serves the nation by working to improve the leadtime and accuracy of severe weather warnings and forecasts in order to save lives and reduce property damage. NSSL scientists are committed to their mission to understand the causes of severe weather and explore new ways to use weather information to assist National Weather Service forecasters and federal, university and private sector partners. Loading the player At NSSL, our basic and applied research focuses on understanding severe weather processes, developing weather observation technology, and improving forecast tools, with emphasis on: Weather Radar Hydrometeorology Forecast & Warning Improvements NSSL News FAR AFIELD: Researchers seek out and study tornadoes and severe weather January 31, 2024 For more than 60 years, NSSL researchers have been taking to the field to study tornadoes and severe weather. NSSL celebrates Science and Engineering Day September 26, 2023 The NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) hosted its inaugural NSSL Science and Engineering Day recently, gathering lab staff for a full day of reflection, discussion and collaboration. With a focus on appreciating the history and achievements of the lab while also casting a vision for the future, the event gave lab staff a unique opportunity to share, collaborate and think about the future of NSSL. NSSL offers cutting-edge support as Tropical Storm Hilary makes landfall in California September 20, 2023 As Tropical Storm Hilary made landfall in California and affected the southwestern United States, researchers at the NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) stepped into action, using a cutting-edge tool to lend support to forecasters. Innovation and Collaboration: Exploring the NOAA Hazardous Weather Testbed July 28, 2023 The NOAA Hazardous Weather Testbed provides a conceptual framework and a physical space to foster collaboration between research and operations to test, perfect and evaluate emerging technologies and science for NWS operations. NSSL Puts Next Generation of Weather Tools To the Test Close to Home June 14, 2023 A severe weather system rolled through central Oklahoma on April 19, 2023, producing supercell thunderstorms that yielded at least 18 tornadoes. From observations, to modeling to post-storm damage assessment, NSSL researchers gathered comprehensive data and put their cutting edge research to the test on storms in their own backyard. Tornado Intercept: The Union City Twister and the Birth of Doppler Radar May 22, 2023 Fifty years ago, on May 24, 1973, a violent F-4 tornado tore through the central Oklahoma town of Union City, killing two people and injuring at least four more. While the human impact of the storm was devastating, the Union City tornado was also historic as it marked the first time researchers were able to use radar to observe the entire lifecycle of a tornado. NSSL Video Threats in Motion Loading the player In nature, hazardous weather is almost always in motion. New research and technology are making it possible to provide more continuous information about the storm and its movement. Threats in Motion (TiM) is the next step in the evolution of how weather information is provided to the public. Learn more → Watch on YouTube Advanced Technology Demonstrator Loading the player Radar research at the NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory has taken another step forward. The Advanced Technology Demonstrator is the first full-scale, S-band, dual-polarization phased array radar built from the ground up and designed specifically for use as a weather radar. Learn more → Watch on YouTube Learn more about... Thunderstorms Tornadoes Lightning Hail Flooding Winter Wx #SvrWx101 NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory 120 David L. Boren Blvd. Norman, OK 73072 USA (405) 325-3620 U.S. Department of Commerce National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration Office of Oceanic & Atmospheric Research Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Flickr NSSL News Site Tools Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Disclaimer FOIA USA.gov Site Information Site Map Search For NSSL Staff