Foreign Policy Research Institute - International Policy Think Tank A Nation Must Think Before it Acts Belarus Post-Election: Political Unrest Intensifies Share: Facebook Twitter Linkedin Mail A nation must think before it acts. Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Youtube Subscribe Search Research Research Programs Africa America and the West Asia Eurasia Middle East National Security Regions & Topics Baltic Sea Black Sea Central Asia China & Taiwan NATO Russia Syria Ukraine All Publications Analysis Reports Expert Commentary Orbis Podcasts Experts Directory of Scholars Press Contact Events Upcoming Events Calendar People, Politics, and Prose Briefings, Booktalks, and Conversations The Benjamin Franklin Award Event and Lecture Archive Education Intern Corner Simulations About Our Mission Staff Board Board of Trustees Board of Advisors Research Programs Jobs News Internship Financials Audited Financials Form 990 PA Certificate of Charitable Registration Support Donate Membership Partnership Become a Partner Corporate Partnership Program The Realignment of the Middle East March 5, 2024 Reports Lior Sternfeld Conflict in Gaza: The Law of War and Irregular Warfare in Urban Terrain March 5, 2024 Analysis Jim Petrila Has Russia Won the Sanctions War? February 28, 2024 Bear Market Brief Podcast Chain Reaction Aaron Schwartzbaum Putin’s Warped Idea of Russian History February 27, 2024 Analysis Olga Khvostunova NATO Needs to Get Serious at Seventy-Five February 26, 2024 Analysis John Sitilides The Visegrád Four: Disunity in Central Europe February 23, 2024 Analysis Robert Beck Featured Articles Analysis February 22, 2024 The Special Relationship Is Dead: Bring Back British Statecraft By: Mohamed Amersi Editor’s Note: This is the first article in a series on the future of US-UK relations. The second article can be found here. There was a time when the United Kingdom was regarded as the world leader in... Read more Analysis February 22, 2024 The US-UK Special Relationship: Time for a Reset, Not an End By: Charles A. Ray Editor’s Note: This is the second article in a series on the future of US-UK relations. The first article can be found here. The US-UK special relationship, one of the longest and closest bilateral relationships of the twentieth... Read more Expert Commentary February 16, 2024 Navalny’s Death and the Future of Dissent in Russia By: Maia Otarashvili, Olga Khvostunova, Sara Ashbaugh, András Tóth-Czifra, Robert E. Hamilton, Philip Wasielewski On February 16, Russian authorities announced that long-time opposition figure and Putin critic, Alexei Navalny, had died in prison while serving a nineteen-year-long sentence. Navalny, forty-seven, tirelessly challenged Putin’s corrupt, authoritarian regime, often at a high cost, and was... Read more Analysis February 13, 2024 Can Europe Hold the Line on Ukraine? By: Mitchell Orenstein When it comes to supporting Ukraine, the European Union has taken a decisive lead over the United States. On February 1, Brussels passed a massive, four-year, 50 billion euro (roughly $53.7 billion) package of aid to Ukraine. At the... Read more Analysis February 13, 2024 Indonesia’s Presidential Elections: Old Guard, New Guard, and TikTok By: Thai-Binh Elston The biggest single-day election on the planet is taking place on February 14 in Indonesia. It is the world’s third-largest democracy, largest Muslim-majority country, and tenth-largest economy by purchasing power parity. About 206 million domestic voters and 1.5 million... Read more Reports February 7, 2024 Russia’s Black Sea Fleet in the “Special Military Operation” in Ukraine By: Igor Delanoë Key Findings Russia’s Black Sea Fleet’s supremacy on the Black Sea naval theater was contested in the early stage of the conflict. Ukraine’s anti-surface and drone capacities have challenged the Black Sea Fleet’s supremacy at sea, creating a... Read more Upcoming Events Wed., March 06, 2024 Events The Trans-Saharan Gas Pipeline At a Crossroads Ambassador Sabri Boukadoum, Algerian Ambassador to the U.S., Charge d’Affaires David Green, US Embassy, Abuja, Nigeria, Michael Walsh, Charles A. Ray 11:00 am to 12:00 pm details Mon., March 18, 2024 Events India’s Influence in Africa Paul Nantulya, Aly-Khan Satchu, Shobana Shankar, Charles A. Ray 10:00 am to 11:00 am details view more upcoming events Recent News Phebe N. Novakovic to Receive FPRI’s 17th Benjamin Franklin Award October 17, 2023Announcing the Eurasia Program’s First US Army Fellow September 27, 2023Announcing New Middle East Program Fellows September 20, 2023 The Foreign Policy Research Institute is dedicated to producing the highest quality scholarship and nonpartisan policy analysis focused on crucial foreign policy and national security challenges facing the United States. We educate those who make and influence policy, as well as the public at large, through the lens of history, geography, and culture. Read more about FPRI » About UsPublications and MediaNewsMultimediaResearch ProgramsEducationContact UsSupport Us Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Foreign Policy Research Institute · 123 S. Broad St, Suite 1920 · Philadelphia, PA 19109 · Tel: 1.215.732.3774 · · www.fpri.org Copyright © 2000–2024. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use FPRI Login