Wolfram Blog: News, Views and Insights from Wolfram WolframAlpha.com WolframCloud.com All Sites & Public Resources... Products & Services Wolfram|One Mathematica Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition Finance Platform System Modeler Wolfram Player Wolfram Engine WolframScript Enterprise Private Cloud Application Server Enterprise Mathematica Wolfram|Alpha Appliance Enterprise Solutions Corporate Consulting Technical Consulting Wolfram|Alpha Business Solutions Data Drop Resource System Data Repository Neural Net Repository Function Repository Wolfram|Alpha Wolfram|Alpha Pro Problem Generator API Data Drop Products for Education Mobile Apps Wolfram Player Wolfram Cloud App Wolfram|Alpha for Mobile Wolfram|Alpha-Powered Apps Services Paid Project Support Wolfram U Summer Programs Products for Education Mobile Apps Wolfram Player Wolfram Cloud App Wolfram|Alpha for Mobile Wolfram|Alpha-Powered Apps Services Paid Project Support Wolfram U Summer Programs All Products & Services Technologies Wolfram Language Revolutionary knowledge-based programming language. Wolfram Notebooks The preeminent environment for any technical workflows. Wolfram Data Framework Semantic framework for real-world data. Wolfram Cloud Central infrastructure for Wolfram's cloud products & services. Wolfram Engine Software engine implementing the Wolfram Language. Wolfram Universal Deployment System Instant deployment across cloud, desktop, mobile, and more. Wolfram Science Technology-enabling science of the computational universe. Wolfram Natural Language Understanding System Knowledge-based, broadly deployed natural language. Wolfram Knowledgebase Curated computable knowledge powering Wolfram|Alpha. All Technologies Solutions Engineering, R&D Aerospace & Defense Chemical Engineering Control Systems Electrical Engineering Image Processing Industrial Engineering Mechanical Engineering Operations Research More... Education All Solutions for Education Finance, Statistics & Business Analysis Actuarial Sciences Bioinformatics Data Science Econometrics Financial Risk Management Statistics More... Software & Web Software Development Authoring & Publishing Interface Development Web Development Education All Solutions for Education Tech & Trends Machine Learning Multiparadigm Data Science High-Performance Computing Quantum Computation Framework Sciences Astronomy Biology Chemistry More... Software & Web Software Development Authoring & Publishing Interface Development Web Development Sciences Astronomy Biology Chemistry More... All Solutions Learning & Support Learning Wolfram Language Documentation Fast Introduction for Programmers Wolfram U Videos & Screencasts Wolfram Language Introductory Book Webinars & Training Summer Programs Books Need Help? Support FAQ Wolfram Community Contact Support Premium Support Paid Project Support Technical Consulting All Learning & Support Company About Company Background Wolfram Blog Events Contact Us Work with Us Careers at Wolfram Internships Other Wolfram Language Jobs Initiatives Wolfram Foundation MathWorld Computer-Based Math A New Kind of Science Wolfram Technology for Hackathons Student Ambassador Program Wolfram for Startups Demonstrations Project Wolfram Innovator Awards Wolfram + Raspberry Pi Summer Programs More... All Company Search News, Views & Insights Browse by Topic Best of Blog (70) Astronomy (27) Books (22) Computational Thinking (64) Current Events (36) Data Analysis and Visualization (138) Data Repository (11) Design (24) Developer Insights (76) Digital Humanities (7) Education (189) Events (44) Finance (24) Function Repository (12) Geosciences (12) High-Performance Computing (12) History (18) Image Processing (48) Machine Learning (16) Mathematica News (112) Mathematica Q&A (13) Mathematics (129) New Technology (40) Other Application Areas (130) Raspberry Pi (18) Recreational Computation (163) Software Development (35) System Modeler (48) Wolfram Cloud (24) Wolfram Community (19) Wolfram Demonstrations Project (31) Wolfram Language (292) Wolfram News (278) Wolfram Notebooks (37) Wolfram U (27) Wolfram|Alpha (48) Wolfram|One (7) Announcements & Events The Story Continues: Announcing Version 14 of Wolfram Language and Mathematica January 9, 2024 Today we celebrate a new waypoint on our journey of nearly four decades with the release of Version 14.0 of Wolfram Language and Mathematica. Over the two years since we released Version 13.0 we’ve been steadily delivering the fruits of our research and development in .1 releases every six months. Today we’re aggregating these—and more—into Version 14.0. Stephen Wolfram Announcements & Events LLM Tech and a Lot More: Version 13.3 of Wolfram Language and Mathematica June 28, 2023 Today we’re launching Version 13.3 of Wolfram Language and Mathematica—both available immediately on desktop and cloud. It’s only been 196 days since we released Version 13.2, but there’s a lot that’s new, not least a whole subsystem around LLMs. Stephen Wolfram Current Events & History How Many Days Would February Have if the Earth Rotated Backward? Exploring Leap Years with Wolfram Language February 29, 2024 Happy Leap Day 2024! A leap day is an extra day (February 29) that is added to the Gregorian calendar (the calendar most of us use day to day) in leap years. While leap years most commonly come in four-year intervals, they sometimes come every eight years. This is because a traditional leap day every four years is actually a slight overcompensation in the calendar. Thus, a leap year is skipped every one hundred years when those years are not divisible by 400 (this is actually the entire difference between the Julian and the Gregorian calendars). José Martín-García, Algorithms R&D Announcements & Events Your Invitation to Take a Quantum Leap in Education February 27, 2024 Learning quantum theory requires dedication and a willingness to challenge classical assumptions. Quantum interference, particularly for massive particles, is a pivotal example in this journey. The Schrödinger equation, inspired by de Broglie’s hypothesis, revolutionized our understanding by revealing the wavelike nature of even massive particles. This phenomenon not only deepens our grasp of nature but also fuels innovations in quantum applications, from quantum sensing to quantum computing. Yet many students don't have the opportunity to run experiments that require sophisticated hardware. Not anymore! Mads Bahrami, et al. Education & Academic Reduce Quantum Noise with Wolfram Language and Fire Opal February 27, 2024 Practical quantum computers have not entered the mainstream, but that has not stopped researchers and developers from innovating. Simulating quantum results on classical hardware and getting meaningful results from noisy quantum hardware are two important areas with lots of recent innovations. Mads Bahrami, et al. Education & Academic Hypergeometric Functions: From Euler to Appell and Beyond January 25, 2024 Hypergeometric series appeared in the mid-seventeenth century; since then, they have played an important role in the development of mathematical and physical theories. Most of the elementary and special functions are members of the large hypergeometric class. Tigran Ishkhanyan, Algorithms R&D Education & Academic Leveling Up in Life Sciences: Unleashing the Power of Computational Biology with Wolfram Language January 18, 2024 In days past, life sciences was reserved for those who had access to the proper equipment to observe and experiment with the organisms of the physical world. For today’s scientist, exploration doesn’t end with access to physical encounters. Whether you’re classifying an animal for the first time or using a protein visualizer to develop medication, Wolfram Language holds the tools and power to support your computational life science endeavors. The following is a collection of biology resources, projects and functions in Wolfram Language for any skill level. Bailey Long, Blog Implementation Specialist, Outreach & Communications Education & Academic Get Down to Business with Finite Mathematics in Wolfram Language December 22, 2023 “There is every reason to expect that the various social sciences will serve as incentives for the development of great new branches of mathematics and that some day the theoretical social scientist will have to know more mathematics than the physicist needs to know today.” —John G. Kemeny, first author of the original textbook on finite mathematics and co-inventor of the BASIC programming language Finite mathematics gives students a mathematical toolkit used in fields as diverse as business, economics, sociology and biology while covering techniques that are logically distinct from calculus. John McNally, Solutions Developer, Academic Innovation Support Education & Academic A Year in Review: New from Wolfram Media in 2023 December 15, 2023 With seven newly published titles and deals penned for translations into 13 languages, 2023 has been Wolfram Media’s most productive year yet. As our list continues to grow, we are proud to cover more and more Wolfram Language functionality in conceptual and practical ways for our readers. As we near the end of the year, we’d like to sum up our publishing accomplishments and maybe even give you a few holiday gift ideas for any readers on your list. Paige Vigliarolo, Managing Editor, Wolfram Media Announcements & Events Journey from the Wolfram Data Science Boot Camp to Creative Data Analytics December 6, 2023 When I attended the 2019 Wolfram Data Science Boot Camp as an instructor, I had the pleasure of meeting Professor Fei Du and Davis Mo, the youngest Boot Camp alum to date. I don’t think any of us expected our conversations from the camp to grow into our collaboration on the book Creative Data Analytics: Computational Recipes to Gain Insights into Business. Kelvin Mischo, Enterprise Accounts Manager, Academic Sales Education & Academic Don’t Be Discreet and Learn Discrete Mathematics with Wolfram Language November 29, 2023 “The spread of computers and the internet will put jobs in two categories. People who tell computers what to do, and people who are told by computers what to do.” — Marc Andreessen, inventor of the Netscape browser Marc Vicuna, Junior Kernel Developer, Algorithms R&D Show More Enable JavaScript to interact with content and submit forms on Wolfram websites. Learn how » Products Wolfram|One Mathematica Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition Wolfram|Alpha Pro Mobile Apps Finance Platform System Modeler Wolfram Player Wolfram Engine WolframScript Wolfram Workbench Volume & Site Licensing Enterprise Private Cloud Application Server View all... Services Technical Consulting Corporate Consulting Services Technical Consulting Corporate Consulting For Customers Online Store Product Registration Product Downloads Service Plans Benefits User Portal Your Account Support Support FAQ Customer Service Contact Support Public Resources Wolfram|Alpha Demonstrations Project Resource System Connected Devices Project Wolfram Data Drop Wolfram + Raspberry Pi Wolfram Science Computer-Based Math MathWorld Hackathons Computational Thinking View all... Support Support FAQ Customer Service Contact Support Learning Wolfram Language Documentation Wolfram Language Introductory Book Get Started with Wolfram Fast Introduction for Programmers Fast Introduction for Math Students Webinars & Training Wolfram U Summer Programs Videos Books Public Resources Wolfram|Alpha Demonstrations Project Resource System Connected Devices Project Wolfram Data Drop Wolfram + Raspberry Pi Wolfram Science Computer-Based Math MathWorld Hackathons Computational Thinking View all... Company Events About Wolfram Careers Contact Connect Wolfram Community Wolfram Blog © 2024 Wolfram. All rights reserved. Legal & Privacy Policy Site Map WolframAlpha.com WolframCloud.com Enable JavaScript to interact with content and submit forms on Wolfram websites. Learn how