Outskirts Press Self-Publishing Chat with us, powered by LiveChat Outskirts Press Helping Authors Publish for Over 20 Years 1.888.672.6657 Schedule a Free Consultation Shopping Cart Author Center Login Home Publishing Black & White Interiors Ultimate Publishing Basic Publishing Economy Publishing Full-Color Interiors Ultimate Full-Color Publishing Basic Full-Color Publishing Economy Full-Color Publishing All Publishing Packages Audiobooks eBooks Marketing Worldwide Book Distribution Discounted Bundles Book Launch Bundle Selected Solutions Book Teaser Marketing Specialist Social Media Set-Up Virtual Book Tour Book Video Trailer All Marketing Solutions Creative Elements of a Book Hardback Editions Cover Design Book Layout & Design Illustrations Book Size & Finish Options Personalized Children's Books Copyediting Custom Cover Design Custom Cover Custom Cover Lite Private ISBN Custom Illustrations All Creative Services Learn Self-Publishing Articles Authorpreneurship Self-Publishing Process & Timeline 3 Steps to Self-Publishing 6 Self-Publishing Tips Why Self-Publish Self-Publishing & Metadata Free Publishing Kit 7 Key Book Marketing Elements 7 Tips to Self-Publish Like a Pro Self-Publishing Answers Publish Your Passion Diving Into Self-Publishing How to Price Your Book Author Photo & Bio Guide More Affiliates Help Book Pricing Author Login Shopping Cart Blogs Outskirts Press Blog Author Testimonials Self Publishing Advice Contact Us About Us Outskirts Press Reviews Manuscript Submissions Gift Card LitWorld Sponsorship Bookstore x Let’s talk about your book!Simply fill out the form below to select a date & time for your no obligation consultationto see if self-publishing with Outskirts Press is right for you. Manuscript Status I am ready to publish today I am still writing my book I plan to start writing soon Published and now marketing None of the above My Book Genre (optional) My book is a work of fiction My book is a work of non-fiction My book is a children's book My book is a biography My book is a work of poetry My book is religious My book is a memoir My book is a cookbook I agree to the Privacy, Age & General Data Protection Terms This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Everything you need to be a published author—all in one place. Publishing eBooks Audiobooks Editing Cover Design Marketing Your full-service book publishing partner Outskirts Press helps authors develop, publish, and market high-quality, award-winning books featuring... Exceptional cover design Professional book layout & design High-quality printing Paperback, hardback, eBook, & audiobook editions Unlimited worldwide distribution Extensive book marketing services And more... We take the work out of self-publishing and deliver industry-leading service at an affordable price. You keep all of your rights and royalties. Schedule a Free Consultation Start Publishing Your Book Submit Your Manuscript Explore our publishing services and recommendations for your book genre... From trim sizes to formats, illustrations to stock imagery, custom formatting to indexing, our genre pages are designed to highlight those offerings and services that are most applicable to your book's specific genre, showcase examples from our published authors and offer you a different way to explore your publishing journey. Fiction Non-Fiction Children's Poetry Christian Spiritual Memoir/Biography Cookbook Claim Your Free Publishing Kit Claim Your Kit Browse our publishing packages to find the right fit for your book... Black & WhiteInterior Books Browse Customize your publishing experience! Our three a-la-carte publishing packages, offer various levels of customization for books with black & white interiors to keep you in control of your book’s needs and costs. Full-ColorInterior Books Browse Bring your full color publishing dreams to life! From fully illustrated children's books to travel journals and photography collections—if your book needs vibrant color to tell your story, this is for you. Book Publishing& Marketing Bundles Browse One click and you're done! That's the magic of the One-Click Publishing & Marketing Suites. These bundles leverage our decades of experience to bring you the best publishing and marketing services into bundles specifically designed for your genre. eBook Publishing Browse Go digital Our eBook publishing services offer digital distribution to over 450 eBook channels (including Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Apple Books, Google Play and many more). Audiobook Publishing Browse Tap the fastest growing book market Our audiobook publishing services feature professional narrators and distribution to all major audiobook platforms (including retailers, libraries and subscription services like Audible) Compare Our Publishing Packages Outskirts Press Satisfaction Guarantee We stand behind our publishing services with the best guarantee in the self-publishing industry. Click to read about our Satisfaction Guarantee Check out our books... Checking out some of our published authors books on Amazon or Barnes & Noble is a great way to get a feeling for their quality and their worldwide availability on all the major book retailer websites. Here are a few examples to get you started, or you can search our bookstore for more options: See what Outskirts Press authors are saying about their self-publishing experience My representative Jamie was always extremely professional and helpful during the entire process of my book publication. She always responded very quickly to requests and was always helpful throughout the entire process. She is a great role model and a great asset to the Outskirts Press family. I will highly recommend Outskirts Press to my friends and associates and also look forward to doing more business in the future. I am extremely pleased with my book publication and consider this a major milestone in my life . Thank you all very much... Lawrence N. Weston author of Avoiding Self Imposed Adversities From the beginning, and throughout the process of publishing my first book, I felt that I was in the hands of a pro. Dana always took the time to answer my questions in detail and swiftly, and if she didn't have 100% confidence, she researched the question and got back to me. I was very pleased with her and I am also thankful that I was paired with her as an Author Rep. David Matityahu Ben Avraham author of There's No Such Thing as Magic Blood Bridget, as well as the entire Outskirts Press team working with me, are exceptional. They held my hand through the entire process in addition to providing me with welcomed support and encouragement. I am looking forward to our next project together. I have recommended Outskirts Press to several freelance authors in my area. Thank you for making a potentially hectic journey so enjoyable and so satisfying. Paneque y Diaz author of More Than What They Seemed I was very happy with my author rep's responses to me. She did a superb job of answering my questions and helping me through the editing process. She was always available when I needed her. I'm delighted with the outcome--my book looks good and it's selling! Thank you. Kathleen O'Brien author of Reclaim Your Right To Grow Old A great experience with Outskirts Press. I learned a lot in this process. I will do it all over again. Thank you so much. Esther A. Ota author of Children: My Heritage - A Testimony The one-on-one with Lisa was great. Especially the phone call picking out styles, font, cover template etc. She even got a vote on the color. I so wanted to have my daughter's painting as the art work on the cover and she gave me a way to do that. Her guidance helped turn my dream into a reality and sometimes it is still hard to believe until I look at my book. Thank you. Nancy L. Regas author of The Art of Being a School Counselor Outskirts Press has perfected the art of self-publishing. Their process is simple and seamless with everything happening in a timely manner, giving authors complete control over how their book will appear inside and out. And the people there are fantastic. They’re friendly, knowledgeable, courteous, patient and quick to reply to emails. What more can an author ask? Needless to say, I’ve found a home here at Outskirts Press. Jim Black author of Life with Bingo, Miracle on the Gridiron, Football Hero, and Ezra Outskirts Press changed my life for the better. They turned my adoption memoir into a book that is not only beautiful to look at, it is pleasurable to read, easy to purchase online, and in less than a month already has had a profound impact on many people. A truly amazing company with a heart. Deepest gratitude! Paul Kimball author of We Are All Human Beings The Outskirts Press team was helpful, attentive, prompt and detail oriented during the publishing process. It really felt like a team effort, and everyone worked hard to create an awesome final product that was my fully published book! Eric B. author of Realm of the Invader Having just published my eighth book with Outskirts Press, I can attest to it being a great experience, and I look forward to publishing number nine. Thanks for a great job. James A. Hunter author of Soft And Gentle 8 I would like to thank everyone at Outskirts Press for helping me getting my book (Storms of Jaycard) into print. I never thought in my wildest dreams that I would write a book and have it published. Once again, I would like to thank everyone at Outskirts Press for making my book dream come true. Joseph J. Myer author of Storms of Jaycard Previous Next Sign up to receive exclusive offers & free publishing advice First Name Email I am ready to publish today I am still writing my book I plan to start writing soon Published and now marketing None of the above Manuscript Status Fiction Non-Fiction Children's Book Poetry Biography Cookbook Memoir Religious Book Genre (optional) SIGN UP I agree to the Privacy, Age & General Data Protection Terms. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Contact Outskirts Press 1-888-OP-BOOKS info @ outskirtspress . com Live Chat Connect With Us Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Pledge of Confidentiality | Publishing Agreement © 2024 Outskirts Press, Inc. All Rights Reserved.10940 S. Parker Rd., #515Parker, Colorado 80134 Top