Welcome to NGINX Wiki! | NGINX < Your Cookie Settings Analytics cookies are off for visitors from the UK or EEA unless they click Accept or submit a form on nginx.com. They’re on by default for everybody else. Follow the instructions here to deactivate analytics cookies. This deactivation will work even if you later click Accept or submit a form. Check this box so we and our advertising and social media partners can use cookies on nginx.com to better tailor ads to your interests. Uncheck it to withdraw consent. Cookie preferences Accept cookies for analytics, social media, and advertising, or learn more and adjust your preferences. These cookies are on by default for visitors outside the UK and EEA. Privacy Notice. Accept Free Trial Contact Us Products NGINX Plus NGINX Controller NGINX App Protect NGINX Unit NGINX Amplify Solutions ADC / Load balancing Microservices Cloud Security Web & Mobile Performance API Management Resources Documentation Ebooks Webinars Datasheets Success Stories FAQ Learn Glossary Third Party Integrations Support NGINX Plus Support Training Professional Services Customer Portal Login Pricing Blog Search 1-800-915-9122 Search Navigation next NGINX » Welcome to NGINX Wiki! This NGINX wiki is now archived, and no longer maintained or updated, and the content will be taken down at some stage in the near future. Please refer to docs.nginx.com for the latest on NGINX documentation. Welcome to NGINX Wiki!¶ NGINX is a free, open-source, high-performance HTTP server and reverse proxy, as well as an IMAP/POP3 proxy server. NGINX is known for its high performance, stability, rich feature set, simple configuration, and low resource consumption. NGINX is one of a handful of servers written to address the C10K problem. Unlike traditional servers, NGINX doesn’t rely on threads to handle requests. Instead it uses a much more scalable event-driven (asynchronous) architecture. This architecture uses small, but more importantly, predictable amounts of memory under load. Even if you don’t expect to handle thousands of simultaneous requests, you can still benefit from NGINX’s high-performance and small memory footprint. NGINX scales in all directions: from the smallest VPS all the way up to large clusters of servers. NGINX powers several high-visibility sites, such as Netflix, Hulu, Pinterest, CloudFlare, Airbnb, WordPress.com, GitHub, SoundCloud, Zynga, Eventbrite, Zappos, Media Temple, Heroku, RightScale, Engine Yard, StackPath, CDN77 and many others. Getting Started Community 3rd Party Modules Getting Started Download and Installation Various ways to download and install NGINX. Run NGINX from the Commandline How to control NGINX from the commandline. Example Configurations and Recipes Useful collection of community-submitted configurations. Troubleshooting Frequently Asked Questions Answers to the most frequently asked questions about NGINX. Pitfalls and Common Mistakes NGINX configuration issues that we see frequently and how to resolve them. Debugging How to use some of NGINX's essential debugging features. Contributing Writing Documentation How to use reStructuredText to write documentation for the NGINX wiki. Submitting Contributions How to submit your contributions to the NGINX wiki. Translating Docs How to use Sphinx to translate documentation. NGINX Plus Training + Support Services › Community Resources › Wiki home Getting Started Community NGINX 3rd Party Modules Extending NGINX Stay in the Loop Edit this page Show on GitHub Edit on GitHub Navigation next NGINX » Products NGINX Plus NGINX Controller NGINX App Protect NGINX Unit NGINX Amplify NGINX on Github NGINX Open Source NGINX Unit NGINX Amplify NGINX Kubernetes Ingress Controller NGINX Microservices Reference Architecture NGINX Crossplane Solutions ADC / Load Balancing Microservices Cloud Security Web & Mobile Performance API Management Resources Documentation Ebooks Webinars Datasheets Success Stories Blog FAQ Learn Glossary Support Professional Services Training Customer Portal Login Partners Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Platform IBM Microsoft Azure Red Hat Find a Partner Certified Module Program Company About NGINX Careers Leadership Press Events Connect With Us facebook twitter linkedin rss Stay in the Loop Copyright © F5, Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Cookie Choices