Easy to read Bible Studies & Biblical News based on Word of God Skip to content Menu Salvation Through Christ Sharing The Love Of Christ Bible Teachings All Bible Teachings Word Of Encouragement Summary Growing In Jesus Summary Doctrinal Teachings Summary Daily Biblical News Birth Pains In The Last Days Prophecy Updates Weather Video News Israel and Why Is She Important Why Jerusalem Is Important The Importance of Israel Past, present & future events Other Bible Tools About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Prayer Page Subscribe to Bible Studies Subscribe to Biblical News Follow Us Menu Salvation Through Christ Sharing The Love Of Christ Bible Teachings All Bible Teachings Word Of Encouragement Summary Growing In Jesus Summary Doctrinal Teachings Summary Daily Biblical News Birth Pains In The Last Days Prophecy Updates Weather Video News Israel and Why Is She Important Why Jerusalem Is Important The Importance of Israel Past, present & future events Other Bible Tools About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Prayer Page Subscribe to Bible Studies Subscribe to Biblical News Follow Us Sharing the Word of God & Biblical News Our ministry teaches the Word of God (Jesus), and we provide bible studies for everyone. We also incorporate the word of God into our daily biblical news. Our bible teachings come straight from the Word of God. The word of God tells us everything about how to be, how to think, about history, what is to come, and much more. Our daily biblical news tells the truth of what is happening by lining it up with the Word of God. Learn about Jesus today and study His word. We pray that you will come to know Jesus through a personal relationship. Bible Studies on the Word of God Living His Word’s bible studies are based on the Word of God, what it says, the context, and what it means. Staying in God’s Word is vital, especially in the times we live in today. We should be reading the word of God daily (Matthew 6:11). Reading and studying God’s Word is the only way to discern truth from lies. Why Do We Celebrate Christmas? December 27, 2023 Christians Are to Walk in the Light (1 John 1) September 2, 2023 New Bible Study Bible Verse Breakdown On How To Interact With the Wicked: Psalm 1 January 31, 2024 Psalm 1 is a bible verse breakdown and practical application showing us how to live our lives among the wicked. In this bible verse breakdown of Psalm 1, we will see the difference between the righteous and the wicked. And it begins like this. God wants to bless people (Psalm 29:11; John 15:11; 17:13). Blessed … God Will Provide Comfort In Anguish and Distress – Psalm 77 April 14, 2023 What is the Bible’s teaching on anger and forgiveness? February 7, 2023 What Comes to Mind Concerning Christmas & the Birth of Jesus? December 18, 2022 How To Live (Endure) The Storm Of Life! September 17, 2022 Biblical News: What is Going On? The Daily Biblical News we share does not follow the fake narrative of main stream media. This is news you will not see or hear on T.V. or radio. Having a biblical outlook helps to make sense of what is happening around the world. New Biblical News Did NBC Silence C.J. Stroud Interview or What Happened? January 23, 2024 Biblical News NBC did a recent interview with C.J. Stroud. What C.J. Stroud said was not what NBC showed. They edited the part where he gives glory and praise to Jesus Christ. … Why America’s Borders Are Still Open in 2024! January 6, 2024 Biblical News View Article Mainstream Media: Are They Being Truthful or Lying to You? December 2, 2023 Biblical News View Article Antisemitism Growing by Leaps and Bounds January 13, 2024 Biblical News View Article The Deception That Was Overlooked – Israel War October 28, 2023 Biblical News View Article How to Receive Salvation Through Jesus Christ We cannot have peace with God or come to Him except through Jesus, the Messiah (John 14:6). God’s perfect Holiness will not tolerate sin. His perfect justice demands payment (Habakkuk 1:13). All have sinned and need salvation through Jesus. Read Salvation Through Christ We are called to Share the Gospel Do you really know what it means to share the love of Christ? We are to share the truth of God out of love for others. We do this because we know they are dying in their sin. Salvation is why we share the love of God. Sharing God’s love through His Truth is our calling. Read Sharing His Love Search Quick Menu All Bible Studies All Daily Biblical News Bible Tools What is Happening Share your prayers for Israel on our prayer page. As believers in Christ, we are to love what God loves and hate what God hates. Romans 12:9 Popular Reads What does it mean to be set apart from god What are you talking about? Biblical truth on heart and mouth Who is CERN and is our world at risk Random Bible Studies Help One Another as Darker Days Approach Does God Have a Plan? He Warned us in His Word. Branded For Christ Random Biblical News Is Psalm 83 Occurring Today? Where is Israel? Sensor Alarms Technology, Is This a Good Or Bad Thing? Former Persecutor of Christians, Thien Nguyen Now Suffers for His Faith NAVIGATION MENUSalvation Through Christ Sharing The Love Of Christ Bible Teachings Word Of Encouragement Summary Growing In Jesus Summary Doctrinal Teachings Summary Daily Biblical News Birth Pains In The Last Days Prophecy Updates Weather Video News THE WATCHMAN Ezekiel 33:6 “But if the watchman sees the sword coming and does not blow the trumpet, so that the people are not warned, and the sword comes and takes any one of them, that person is taken away in his iniquity, but his blood I will require at the watchman’s hand.” (Amplified Bible) FOLLOW LHWM Subscribe to LHWM SUBSCRIBE TO DAILY BIBLICAL NEWS! SUBSCRIBE TO Bible Studies! © 2013 - 2024 Living His Word Ministries, Inc. | Back To Top By continuing to use Living His Word Ministries, Inc. website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy and you agree with our Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions, Disclaimer.