George Monbiot George Monbiot Menu George MonbiotBooks Music About George Introduction Career Advice Events Registry of Interests Social Media Policies Contact Follow George on Twitter / X Follow George on Bluesky Follow George on Instagram Get the latest articles by email Our website still supports RSS Latest posts Outrage Farming What led the Prime Minister to join a protest against his own government’s policies? The Long Wait Here are the big green policies Labour should adopt. Hard Labour This could be not only Labour’s last chance but, if the party doesn’t recover some courage, British democracy’s. Inequality Demands Oppression Corporate lobbyists are demanding a ban on protest – and getting it. King of the Extrinsics The deep and crucial reason why Trump could win again. Agrarian Populism Farmers’ protests are being embraced by the far right. The precedents are chilling. Stranded Privatisation and austerity don’t cut costs: they just pass them on to us. The Programme A shadowy network of dark-money junktanks is delivering the same disastrous political package around the world. Bully Beef The meat industry’s misinformation tactics are even worse than the fossil fuel industry’s. Baked In The structure of the climate summits ensures that the most lethal interests prevail, by design. Here are some better models. Billionaires Are Bad for Us How economic power leads inexorably to environmental destruction. The Shortfall I try to work out how much money would be needed to restore a functioning state. Shitshow Toxic chemicals deliberately added to sewage are being spread across a vast area of farmland, with potentially catastrophic effects. We’re suing the government to stop it. Extreme Prejudice The government, under its own new definition, is an extremist organisation. The Flickering Earth systems are being rushed towards their tipping points by governments that offer us nothing but chaos. No Excuses War crimes have no justification, whoever commits them. The System, Unmasked Clinically vulnerable people are among the many realities denied in the endless drive for “normality”. Necroculture The mass release and shooting of pheasants trashes our ecosystems – and our humanity. The Cruel Fantasies of Well-Fed People The astonishing story of how a movement’s quest for rural simplicity drifted into a formula for mass death Trainwreck How do HS2 and other white elephants get commissioned? It’s clientelism – the subtle form of corruption. Posts navigation 1 2 … 80 > “I love not man the less, but Nature more.” Search for: Search Categories advertising books climate breakdown corporate power culture economic justice education & childhood employment environment and the natural world farming food foreign affairs general genetic engineering globalisation health health & safety hunting & the countryside interviews and debates landrights & planning law & order media nuclear oil podcasts & videos politics privatisation protest racism religion science static supermarkets tourism transport uncategorized war – afghanistan war – general war – iraq war – Ukraine Policies (T&Cs, Privacy, Cookies) Follow George on Twitter Get the latest articles by email © 2024 George Monbiot Site by Rui Zhang Search for: Search