Youth Sports Programs for Kids, Leagues, & More at i9 Sports® The Way Youth Sports Should Be® The Game Plan With over 4 million registrations in communities across the country, i9 Sports® is the nation’s largest multi-sport provider focused solely on high-quality, community-based youth sports programs. We offer youth sports leagues, camps and clinics for kids ages 3 and up in today’s most popular sports such as flag football, soccer, basketball, baseball, volleyball, lacrosse, and tennis. To achieve our mission of helping kids succeed in life through sports, i9 Sports provides a youth sports experience unlike any other, teaching the importance of good sportsmanship on the field and in life. We are committed to providing age-appropriate instruction, making sports fun for kids, and convenient for today’s busy families. To us, it’s The Way Youth Sports Should Be.® Pee Wees Starting at age 3, the i9 Sports curriculum for our youngest age group is designed to grow with your child teaching skills and game play. For our Pee Wees, we focus on introducing your child to the sport while providing instruction through activities and drills that keep kids learning and having fun. LEARN MORE ABOUT PEE WEES For our junior age group, we offer programming designed to keep kids learning the fundamentals of the sport and understanding the dynamics of working as a team all while having fun. The curriculum teaches your child that winning and losing are part of the game, but it’s how you do it that sets you apart from others. LEARN MORE ABOUT JUNIORS Juniors Seniors The #1 reason kids play sports is to have fun. It is not surprising then, that the number one reason they quit is because they stop enjoying it. Our senior curriculum gives our oldest age group opportunities to build on their skills and grow as an athlete all while continuing to love the game. LEARN MORE ABOUT SENIORS TESTIMONIALS Especially in this season of uncertainty, I am thankful for a safe escape for my children to be kids while learning both athletic and life skills. I am so incredibly grateful for how well this program is run with good communication and thought out measures to keep kids as safe as possible. Christian F. from Atlanta, GA We love that i9 Sports has provided the program despite COVID concerns as we really wanted our son to have some structured physical activity this summer! The two sites where we’ve played this summer have felt safe and were set up very well. Thank you! Kerry G. from New Braunfels, TX Love that it’s all in one morning – Practice, game and fun! Our coach has been so well organized and our boys have learned a lot! Lisa G. from Charlotte, NC Very well run program that focuses on teaching good sportsmanship and respect for one another. It’s been a great experience to see the boys grow and have a great time playing a sport with no pressure about performance. They truly have a fun time. Erica M. from Phoenix, AZ Next Previous Latest Videos More Videos On Our YouTube Channel FROM THE BLOG 3 Types of Summer Camps for Kids February 29, 2024 Many parents plan ahead and sign their kids up for summer activities in the spring. Camps are a great way to keep kids active and engaged during summer break. If you are concerned about your Read More What Youth Sport Coaches Can Learn from 3 of Football’s Greatest Coaches February 27, 2024 2024 began with some of the greatest football coaches of all time retiring or stepping away from positions that they’ve held for years. Bill Belichick, Nick Saban, and Pete Carroll may be moving on from Read More VISIT THE BLOG Special Offers Get the Info! From giveaways to special offers, you don’t want to miss out! Sign up to receive our fun monthly newsletter and information on programs in your area. Subscribe Earn $10 Get $10 off your next i9 Sports registration for every friend you refer who registers to play too! Invite your friends to join the fun … the more friends the better! Refer a Friend Grab Your i9 Sports Gear Gear up for game day! Choose from mom and dad shirts, hats, fun socks, athletic gear and more. We have something for fans of all ages! Shop The Store YOU CAN MAKE A LIVING IN YOUTH SPORTS Interested in opening an i9 Sports franchise? How much does it cost? How does it work? Get answers to these questions and more. Franchise Info Project Play Initiative i9 Sports® is proud to support the Aspen Institute’s national Project Play initiative and to have been selected as a Project Play Champion for taking meaningful actions to encourage multi-sport sampling and help grow national youth sports participation rates. Thank you to our partners