Nonprofit Website Design | Wired Impact Skip to content Blog Resources Support Search Mobile Navigation Wired Impact Home Features Online Donation SystemMake it easier to give by accepting donations on your website. Volunteer SystemPromote opportunities and recruit and retain more volunteers. Event SystemShowcase upcoming events and accept free or paid registrations. Page WriterWrite content in minutes with built-in artificial intelligence. Flexible Form BuilderQuickly gather information from visitors with custom online forms. Library SystemConnect visitors with resources based on their interests. Easy Web Page EditorCreate and make changes to any page without code or calling us. Integration OptionsConnect your site to email, donor management & other systems. Designs Vision Scholar Pioneer Chroma Airy Pricing Why Us? Compare Our ApproachWeigh your options and find the perfect fit for your project. Support You’ll LoveExpert help so you can get the most out of your site. Marketing Advice 30-Minute Task Requests Content Formatting Success StoriesBorrow what’s working for nonprofits just like you. KIF1A.ORG Grows and Connects a Global Community The Swifty Foundation Finds a Voice and Fundraising Success with a New Website How Aging Ahead Powers Their Brand and Programs with a Wired Impact Website Project Home Again Website Increases Team Capacity & Grows Operation What Our Clients SayHear directly from nonprofits who’ve built sites with us. Nonprofit PortfolioSee how all types of nonprofits have built websites they love. Our TeamMeet the folks who will be helping you every step of the way. Jonathan Goldford David Hartstein Allyson Lough Nickie Bartels Diego Chanampa María Rivet Lindsey Sukowatey Get In Touch Blog Resources Support Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Build a Nonprofit Website You’re Proud to Share Innovative website technology and the support you need to get the most out of it — built and priced solely for nonprofits. Book a Website Call Start My Free 60-Day Trial Trusted by Hundreds of Nonprofits Nonprofit Website Design Your Visitors Will Love Building an amazing website doesn’t need to cost a fortune or take forever. See how you can build a new website your supporters will love. No coding skills required. Reach Out Start a free 60-day trial Engage Visitors to Support Your Cause Boost online donations. Spread awareness. Attract volunteers. Manage events. Get the nonprofit features you need to turn visitors into supporters. Features Just for Nonprofits Easily Update & Manage Your Site Don’t waste time calling a developer to make changes to your nonprofit’s website. Get a site that’s easy to manage and comes with built-in best practices. No coding or design skills needed. Meet the Easy Page Editor Wired Impact offers incredibly personalized technical support as well as high-quality, affordable website designs through an intuitive platform that is easy for literally anyone to navigate and become proficient. We finally have a beautiful new website that truly represents the organization and that we are proud to share with our network. I couldn’t be happier with our choice to work with Wired Impact. Lauryn Klingler, Lawrence CommunityWorks Support Before & After Launch Get the help you need from a team that’s worked with hundreds of nonprofits. A dedicated project manager will guide you through launch, and you’ll get ongoing support forever. Support You’ll Love Save Time by Keeping Your Existing Tools Integrate your site with popular nonprofit tools, donor management systems, email services and more. And leave the technical setup to us. View All Launch Faster & Keep Your Site Longer Launch your new site faster than with traditional approaches. Plus, get ongoing updates to the software powering your site. No need to rebuild in a couple of years. Explore Our Unique Approach Nonprofit website project prep kit Planning a website project?Start here. Designed to help you organize your nonprofit’s website project, find that perfect partner and launch a website your visitors will love. Nonprofit Website Prep Kit Get More Nonprofit Marketing Advice Usability 6 Nonprofit Website Conversion Rate Killers (and How to Fix Them) Read More Marketing Strategy A Model for the Best Nonprofit Websites [VIDEO] Read More Web Design Website Timeline: How to Launch a New Website in 8 Weeks Read More View All Blog Posts Featured On Get Our Latest Nonprofit Marketing Tips Enter Your Email Address(Required) PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ Wired Impact (314) 392-0196 401 Pine Street St. Louis, MO 63102 Home Designs Pricing Get In Touch Start a Trial Contact Us Careers Features Online Donation System Volunteer System Event System Page Writer Flexible Form Builder Library System Easy Web Page Editor Integration Options Why Us? Compare Our Approach Support You’ll Love Success Stories What Our Clients Say Portfolio Our Team Resources Getting Started Support Articles Request Help Marketing Guides Online Tools Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Privacy Policy Terms of Service ©2024 Wired Impact Close search modal What are you looking for? Search for: Search