Help End Child Poverty | Compassion International Christian Child Sponsorship - Compassion - Child Charity Organization Gift Catalog My Account (log in) Log in Username Password Your password is hidden. Remember me Forgot your login info? First time logging in? Set up your online account Checkout (0) Summary 0 items Added Recently Review & Checkout Contact Us Search text field Sponsor a Child View All Children View Longest Waiting Children Search for a Child Select a Child For Me What Is Child Sponsorship? Why Sponsor a Child? How to Sponsor a Child Child Sponsorship FAQ Child Sponsorship Reviews Financial Integrity It's My Birthday! Choose Me Ways to Donate Donate to a Cause Meet Critical Needs Shop Our Gift Catalog Match Your Gift Other Ways to Give Give Where It's Most Needed Homelessness. Medical emergencies. Natural disaster. Your donation helps children when they need it most.. Donate Now > Get Involved Donate Volunteer Pray Write Your Child Visit Your Child Compassion Sunday Churches Businesses Speakers and Artists Events and Festivals Pro Athletes About Us What Makes Us Distinct Who We Are What We Do Where We Work Press Center Financial Integrity Careers FAQ For Sponsors Write Give Pray Visit Crisis Updates More Resources Sponsor a Child Menu Search text fields Sponsor a Child> < Back Sponsor a Child View All Children View Longest Waiting Children Search for a Child Select a Child For Me What Is Child Sponsorship? Why Sponsor a Child? How to Sponsor a Child Child Sponsorship FAQ Child Sponsorship Reviews Financial Integrity Ways to Donate> < Back Ways to Donate Donate to a Cause Meet Critical Needs Shop Our Gift Catalog Match Your Gift Other Ways to Give Get Involved> < Back Get Involved Donate Fundraise Volunteer Family Activity Ideas Pray Write Your Child Visit Your Child Compassion Store Pro Athletes About Us> < Back About Us What Makes Us Distinct Who We Are What We Do Where We Work Press Center Financial Integrity Careers Tour Our Ministry Center FAQ For Sponsors> < Back For Sponsors Write Give Pray Visit Crisis Updates More Resources Donate Now Gift Catalog Compassion Store My Account My Cart Sponsor a Child & Give Hope to Children in Poverty I'm interested in sponsoring a: Boy Girl Either Between the ages of: 1 22 Who comes from: All Countries Bangladesh Bolivia Brazil Burkina Faso Colombia Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Ethiopia Ghana Guatemala Haiti Honduras Indonesia Kenya Mexico Nicaragua Peru Philippines Rwanda Sri Lanka Tanzania Thailand Togo Uganda FIND YOUR MATCH Need help choosing a child to sponsor? We'd love to make it easy for you. Just answer a few questions and get matched — your sponsorship journey is just a click away! Help Me Choose Choose a gift. Change a life! Choose a gift. Change a life! $15 $55 $105 $300 Other $55 provides children with the following: Food for a Baby and Mother Chickens Emergency Food Pack Global Food Crisis Fund Your donation to the Where Most Needed Fund will help support the mission of releasing children from poverty in Jesus’ name. See all catalog gifts Give Hope to Another Child in Poverty Sponsor Another Child Urgent: Food Crisis Support Needed Every day, our global church partners see how the food crisis devastates impoverished communities. And we need your help. With your support, local leaders can intervene in urgent situations like this to provide essential items and sustainable solutions for struggling children and families. Join Us. Fight Hunger. Sponsorship How We Work Where We Work Our Impact What Is Sponsorship? When you sponsor a child, you care for and encourage them through prayer, letter writing and financial support. That support empowers a local church to individually and holistically meet their needs in a loving, safe community where they can learn, grow, play and dream. When you become a sponsor, you are personally connected with a child who will know your name and treasure the thought that you care about them. Your support gives a child life-changing opportunity to develop spiritually, emotionally, physically and economically. It's a relationship more powerful than poverty — changing their life and yours! Your donation provides Health Care Age-Appropriate Christian Teaching Hygiene Training Education & Vocational Training Nutrition & Water Mentorship, Guidance, Love & More A Three-Cord Approach Our holistic child development model is delivered primarily through child sponsorship and is Christ-centered, church-driven and child-focused. CHILDREN PLAYING | Bagamoyo, Tanzania According to a poll of top development economists, child sponsorship is THE most effective long-term development intervention for helping the poor. It not only addresses immediate physical needs but also helps build self-esteem and self-respect. Delivered by the Local Church Our program is run entirely by local Christian churches in Africa, Asia, Central America and South America. Why? Local churches are experts on their communities' needs. CHURCH CENTER | Oloontoto, Kenya Through partnerships with local churches, we empower people from each child's community to care for them so that, regardless of location, our model is culturally appropriate and relevant. But in all cases, we provide love, education, health care, nutrition and opportunities to hear the gospel. Where We Work Wondering where Compassion helps children? Below is a current list of where we work. Africa Burkina Faso Ethiopia Ghana Kenya Rwanda Tanzania Togo Uganda Asia Bangladesh Indonesia The Philippines Sri Lanka Thailand Central America Dominican Republic El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Mexico Nicaragua South America Bolivia Brazil Colombia Ecuador Peru Upcoming Countries Cambodia Malawi Myanmar Zambia An Overview Since the Rev. Everett Swanson first ministered to orphans living on the streets of South Korea during the Korean War, Compassion has expanded to serve over 25 different countries and over four million children. Through frontline church partners, we provide children with the opportunity to rise above their circumstances and become all God has created them to be. “My life is true confirmation that God has a plan for each one of us and has mysterious ways to fulfill the plan. The way God used sponsors through Compassion to transform my life is one of those mysteries.” — Christine Uwase Child Protection Officer, Rwanda Compassion Alumna Independently Verified Stats* Children who participate in Compassion's programs are 40% more likely to finish secondary education 80% more likely to graduate college 18% more likely to have salaried employment as an adult 75% more likely to become leaders in their community *2008, Dr. Bruce Wydick, University of San Francisco Sponsor a Child Today We consistently receive some of the highest ratings possible from charity evaluators and watchdogs. Join Over 950,000 Subscribers! Stay up to date on how God is working through our ministry. Thank you for subscribing Follow Us Ways to Give Sponsor a Child Ways to Donate Gift Catalog Other Ways to Give Ways to Advocate Compassion Sunday Volunteer Pray With Us Quick Links My Account Crisis Updates Stories Press Center Careers Contact Us (800) 336-7676 Monday through Friday 7:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (MT) Send us a Message Follow Us Privacy Statement Conditions of Use Disclosure Statement Site Map © 2024 Compassion International. All Rights Reserved. Compassion International, Inc. is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Tax ID (EIN) 36-2423707 Compassion®, Compassion International®, Compassion Sunday®, the Compassion Logo and the FILL THE STADIUM Logo are registered trademarks of Compassion International, Inc. All donations in the United States are tax deductible in full or part. Compassion strives to protect children from all forms of abuse. Javascript is required on this website, please Enable Javascript in your browser