NOAA Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory (PMEL) | Skip to main content National Oceanic and Atmospheric AdministrationUnited States Department of Commerce Search form Search PMEL Home About UsAbout PMEL Strategic Plan Organization Partners People AwardsView by Organization View by Year Career Opportunities Contact Us PMEL - 50 Years ResearchResearch to Applications Acoustics Arctic Atmospheric Chemistry Climate-Weather Interface Earth-Ocean Interactions Ecosystems & Fisheries-Oceanography Coordinated Investigations Engineering Global Observations of Biogeochemistry and Ocean Physics Global Tropical Moored Buoy Array Ocean Carbon Ocean Climate Stations Ocean Molecular Ecology Ocean Tracer Pacific Western Boundary Currents Science Data Integration Tsunami DataGlobal Display Data Links PublicationsSearch Publications Feature Publications Outstanding Scientific Publications EducationEducational Resources Hollings Scholars NSF-REU NOAA PMEL Videos NOAA Science Camp Outreach Events and Seminars MediaMedia Contacts NOAA PMEL Videos Photo Galleries PMEL in the News What's New Archive Climate-Weather Research Marine Ecosystem Research Oceans and Coastal Processes Research Research Innovation What's New Historic NOAA-Saildrone mission did more than set records. It’s helping scientists improve hurricane forecasts Saildrone 1045 docks in Bermuda after its historic mission into the eye of a Category 4 hurricane in 2021. Credit: Saildrone Inc. / Ali Hochberg/Bermuda Institute of Ocean Sciences This photo illustration summarizes oceanographic and atmospheric sensors, along with cameras and navigational instruments carried by the Saildrone Explorers during the 2021 Atlantic Hurricane mission. Credit: Saildrone Inc. January 26, 2024 Hurricane intensity predictions would benefit from timely, more accurate ocean temperature, salinity and wave measurements, NOAA researchers find. On September 30, 2021, a saildrone uncrewed surface vehicle made history by intercepting the eyewall of Hurricane Sam in the northwestern tropical Atlantic, recording a viral video of what it’s like to be tossed around by 100 mile-per-hour winds and 30-foot high waves. The Guinness Book of World Records later certified that a 126.4 mile-per-hour wind gust recorded by the bright orange 23-foot saildrone in the core of the Category 4 storm was a new world record for an uncrewed surface vehicle. But the most long-lasting impact of Saildrone Explorer SD 1045’s trailblazing research voyage may come from the continuous readings collected by the... more What's New Archive PMEL in the News Saildrone Fleet Reaches New Milestone: 1,000,000 Nautical Miles and 32,000 Days at Sea October 17, 2023 On a windy day in October 2013, a small team of engineers and boatbuilders watched the first wind-powered ocean drone disappear over the horizon, bound for Hawaii 2,200 nautical miles away. That journey took 34 days. Fast forward 10 years, and Saildrone’s fleet of uncrewed surface vehicles (USVs... El Niño is flexing its muscles. What does this mean for California? October 16, 2023 El Niño is expected to gain strength and flaunt its muscle this winter, and forecasters are closely watching ocean temperatures to determine just how strong the El Niño weather pattern that developed over the summer will get in the coming months. Mike McPhaden is quoted. WWII-era weather records ‘rescued’ by researchers, citizen-scientists September 23, 2023 The U.S. Navy’s Pacific Fleet did more than help win World War II: As its ships made their way through the Pacific Ocean during the war, naval personnel used daily logbooks to record vital weather and climate data at a time when such observations dwindled worldwide. This publication highlights... PMEL in the News Archive Feature Publication Special issue of Oceanography explores the lab's history and accomplishments November 02, 2023 Special issue of Oceanography exploring 50 years of PMEL history and accomplishments. The cover illustration depicts many of the technologies that support research at the NOAA Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory (PMEL). (Cover illustration with technologies identified) Fifty years ago, NOAA created a new environmental research laboratory in Seattle with an initial focus on water quality in Puget Sound, and environmental studies of the Gulf of Alaska and Bering Sea. Since then, the Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory has evolved into one of the world's leading ocean research institutes, specializing in observing ocean conditions from tsunamis to changes in climate and ocean chemistry with the aid of innovative instrumentation and measurement... more Publications Archive National Oceanic and Atmospheric AdministrationPacific Marine Environmental Laboratoryoar.pmel.webmaster@noaa.gov DOC NOAA OAR PMEL Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Contact Us Sitemap Internal IT Info & Policy