Thought Catalog Thought CatalogInstagram Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Amazon TikTok TikTok Skip to content Open navigation Close navigation Explore ↓ Thought Catalog Thought Catalog Books Shop Catalog Creepy Catalog Collective World Agency About Us Advertise Mental Health Relationships Wellness Astrology TV + Movies Spooky 1.2m 935k 928k 2.5m shop The Words We Left Behind @shopcatalog TikTok TV + Movies The Pivot Year Self-Improvement TV + Movies ‘The Walking Dead’ Needs to Be Put Down for Its Own Good Now Sergio Pereira TV + Movies ‘The Garfield Movie’ 2024 Trailer & Voice Cast Breakdown Josh Lezmi The Best HBO Dramas Of All Time 12 Of The Most Romantic TV And Movie Scenes That Will Melt Your Heart Celebrate ‘A Madea Family Funeral’ Movie Reunion With the 20 Funniest Quotes From the Comedy 5 Lifetime Movies About Narcissists (With The Biggest Plot Twists) Love is Blind: If Jimmy Slept With His Female Best Friend, Why Are We Calling Chelsea Insecure? Everything We Know About the Upcoming Netflix Comedy ‘Chicken Nugget’ Horoscopes Tuesday, March 5, 2024 AriesTaurusGeminiCancerLeoVirgoLibraScorpioSagittariusCapricornAquariusPisces NetworkFeed↓ Which Tim Burton Character You Are, Based on Your Zodiac Sign Aries: Edward Scissorhands Aries, just like Edward Scissorhands, you’re an energetic person with just a touch of naivety. Your life is… collective.world How & Where to Watch the Godzilla and Kong MonsterVerse in Chronological Order Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire releases on March 29, 2024, and this article shows you how to prepare with streaming and physical-media links for every movie and show (and comic book) in the MonsterVerse! creepycatalog.com 4 Zodiacs Who Can’t See What’s Right In Front Of Them On March 5 TAURUS Taurus isn’t seeing their full ability or potential, even when looking directly in the mirror. There is something holding you… collective.world Tarotscope For Today: Tuesday, March 5, 2024 ARIES Your Card: The Devil, reversed Aries, lately you’ve been feeling trapped, or as if you’ve been running around in circles.… collective.world Horoscope For Today: Tuesday, March 5, 2024 As March progresses, we get closer to the New Moon in Pisces. Today, March 5th, 2024, the Moon is in the… collective.world 3 Zodiac Signs Who Need To Unfollow Their Ex On Instagram Cancer Cancers are known for their deep emotional sensitivity, and seeing updates or photos of their ex on social media can… collective.world 4 Zodiac Duos That Feel The Most High Vibe When They Spend Time Together Aries and Sagittarius When Aries and Sagittarius join forces, get ready for sparks to fly. Both of you are fire signs,… collective.world 3 Zodiacs Bound To Encounter Unexpected Wisdom This March March brings a whisper of wisdom to the souls of three particular zodiac signs. This is not the wisdom found in… collective.world 4 Zodiacs Taking Big Steps Toward Their Dream Job This Week (March 4 – 10) This is your time to start living your dreams. collective.world ‘The Walking Dead’ Needs to Be Put Down for Its Own Good Now How does a walker lumber through the countryside? They just keep on walking. It’s a terrible joke – much in the same vein as anything associated with the previous jewel of the zombie crown known as The Walking Dead. thoughtcatalog.com A Tarot Reader Predicts What Each Zodiac Should Expect Before March 11 Here’s what the cards and stars have in store for you this week, according to a tarot reader. collective.world 4 Zodiacs Whose Love Story Is Getting A Rewrite In March ARIES Aries is getting a critical do-over in their relationship this month. A chance to go all out in a way… collective.world ‘The Garfield Movie’ 2024 Trailer & Voice Cast Breakdown It’s a cold and rainy night. Garfield cowers from the weather in a small wooden crate as somber music accompanies each hair-raising thunder crash. Dogs bark. Horns honk. Police sirens wail in the distance. Garfield whimpers. thoughtcatalog.com 7 Of The Best TV Workplace Comedies (That Aren’t ‘The Office’) You Can Stream Right Now Brooklyn Nine-Nine. thoughtcatalog.com The Best HBO Dramas Of All Time Since its formation in 1972, HBO has maintained a highly respected place in the entertainment medium, giving viewers some of the most universally acclaimed shows in television history. thoughtcatalog.com 12 Of The Most Romantic TV And Movie Scenes That Will Melt Your Heart Here are 12 of the most romantic TV and movie scenes that will melt your heart. (Do be warned, spoilers ahead!) thoughtcatalog.com 12 Monster Movies on Netflix in March 2024 Godzilla (2014) joins Netflix in March. In celebration of the king of the monsters’ arrival, this list collects various monster movies of all shapes and sizes currently streaming on Netflix. creepycatalog.com 11 Irish Horror Movies on Tubi in March 2024 Celebrate Irish horror movies throughout March on Tubi! creepycatalog.com Celebrate ‘A Madea Family Funeral’ Movie Reunion With the 20 Funniest Quotes From the Comedy Ever since Tyler Perry graced the screen as the stubborn, quick-tongued, unabashed matriarch Mabel Earlene Simmons — more affectionately known as “Madea” — in 2005’s Diary of a Mad Black Woman, we have been laughing and crying alongside her. thoughtcatalog.com 5 Lifetime Movies About Narcissists (With The Biggest Plot Twists) There are certain lifetime movies that do a great job of highlighting the character traits, motives, and behaviors of narcissistic people in relationships, and resonate with people who’ve been in toxic relationships. Here are the top five Lifetime movies available to stream on Amazon prime about narcissists that will give you chills and validation and have big plot twists. thoughtcatalog.com Love is Blind: If Jimmy Slept With His Female Best Friend, Why Are We Calling Chelsea Insecure? Love is Blind, season six, has aired eleven episodes so far on Netflix, and one of the most provocative and controversial couples we’ve seen is the tumultuous relationship of Chelsea and Jimmy. thoughtcatalog.com 20 Horror Movies About Grief Discover 20 films where grief is front and center, driving the story and characters. creepycatalog.com Everything We Know About the Upcoming Netflix Comedy ‘Chicken Nugget’ Netflix recently released the trailer for the upcoming Korean comedy series Chicken Nugget, which boasts an outlandish premise based on the webtoon Fried Chicken by Park Ji-dok. thoughtcatalog.com 20 Underrated Horror TV Shows For Fans of the Genre Looking to start a new horror series that will deliver but it feels like you’ve seen everything out there? We’ve got you covered with these 20 underrated titles. creepycatalog.com 7 Movies Created by Black Women to Celebrate Black History and Women’s History Months Just nine years ago, in 2015, an overwhelming lack of diversity led to the #OscarsSoWhite movement — a mere 50 years after the Civil Rights Act passed. thoughtcatalog.com Indie Slasher ‘Deathwoods’ Featuring Felissa Rose and Jessa Flux Begins Funding on Indiegogo Support indie horror and get cool stuff in the Deathwoods crowdfunding campaign! creepycatalog.com 11+ Horror Films That Will Make You Fear Mirrors As if confronting yourself isn’t scary enough, many films imply that more terrorizing entities wait beyond the reflective glass. Here is a list of films that will make you fear mirrors. creepycatalog.com 10 Lost Horror Films That You Can’t Watch Anywhere Some of the lost horror films on this list sound so enticing, that it devastates one to think about the fact that audiences will never get to experience them. creepycatalog.com The 10 Best Universal Classic Monsters Movies From 1931 to 1954, Universal produced nearly 40 creature features that turned the company into the “it” house of horrors and cemented it as one of Hollywood’s major studios. creepycatalog.com 13 Best Horror Anthology TV Series These are the best horror anthology series you can watch right now. creepycatalog.com TC Writers Josh Lezmi Shahida Arabi Brianna Wiest Trisha Bartle Holly Riordan Molly Burford January Nelson Magazine Issue 09 Spring 2024 Issue 08 Winter 2024 Issue 07 December 2023 Issue 06 November 2023 Issue 05 October 2023 Originals Isn’t That Poetic Limited Series An Evening with Brianna Wiest Live Event Get Out ofYour Own Way Podcast series Queer Momentsin Pop Culture Video feature Thoughtful Reflectionswith Brianna Wiest Video podcast In Your Feelings Video podcast ↓Classics You Are Only Human A Brief History Of Being The ‘Cool Girl’ Hate To Break It To You But You Are The Reason Your Life Sucks So Much I Have This Dream Where I Am Not Afraid To Hold Your Hand In Texas On Empathizing With Trump Voters Join https://discord.gg/thoughtcatalog For 2024— The Pivot Year by Brianna Wiest Network Shop Catalog Creepy Catalog Collective World Quote Catalog • Thought Catalog Agency Thought Catalog Books Metadata About Us Advertise Privacy Statement Terms of Use Contacts sales@ hello@ Social Discord TikTok Instagram Twitter YouTube Facebook Founded in 2010, Thought Catalog is owned and operated by The Thought & Expression Company, Inc. For over a decade, we've been at the bleeding edge of media, pioneering an infrastructure for creatives to flourish both artistically and financially. © 2010 The Thought & Expression Company, Inc.