Victoria University of Wellington Apply now About Staff intranet Library Pūaha Nuku Maps Learning & teaching Apply now Future students International students Current students Research Engage Discover Wellington Study what you love Chat to our students online Home Find what you want to study We're sorry but this page doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. Explore qualifications Explore subjects Explore courses Programmes and coursesScholarshipsPlanning your studiesPostgraduate study Nau mai ki tō kainga rua—Welcome to your second home Let us show you Wellington like you’ve never seen it before. Watch video Quicklinks “Outstanding educator” now an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit Dr Cherie Chu-Fuluifaga, who was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit for her services to education earlier this year, works hard to create spaces for people who are often invisible in the education system. Students awarded marine conservation scholarships Two students of the University have been awarded prestigious scholarships to support their research in marine biology. Explore postgraduate study We offer over 180 specialist postgraduate programmes with flexible study options, including full-time, part-time, online and in person. Information evenings Join us at an information evening to hear from our staff and students about life at Te Herenga Waka—Victoria University of Wellington. NewsEventsMāori hubPasifika hubFaculties and schoolsAlumni Mai i te iho ki te pae. Capital thinking. Globally minded. Discover our world-leading research Engage with us Business and government As a capital city university, we have strong relationships with business and government. Discover how we engage and how you can connect with us. Public and community Our university is not just for students and staff—it’s for everyone. Find out how we work with the community and discover our public events and facilities. Global engagement We work in partnership with universities and organisations around the world for the benefit of students, researchers, and communities. Learning and teaching Our University is committed to providing a high-quality research-led learning and teaching environment and to reward and celebrate excellence in all its forms. Find out more Alumni Appeal Scholarships Everyone deserves the opportunity for a great future. You can help fund scholarships for students, enabling them to reach their aspirations through a world-class education. Support the Alumni Appeal Our national and global rankings We are New Zealand’s number one university for intensity of high-quality research and consistently rank among the world’s best universities. Our rankings Emergencies Faculties Architecture and Design Innovation Business and Government Education Engineering Graduate Research Health Humanities and Social Sciences Law Science Contacts and directories Staff directory Media enquiries Find a researcher Campuses Kelburn Campus Pipitea Campus Te Aro Campus Auckland Premises Health and safety Study Programmes and courses Apply to enrol Scholarships Accommodation Information for careers advisers edX at Wellington Students Services and support Financial survival Key dates Courses Pūaha—Student Portal Staff Staff email Staff Service Centre MyTools for staff Working here Current vacancies Alumni Stay connected Giving Donate Latest news Events Research expertise Publications Victorious magazine Social media 0800 04 04 04 +64 4 472 1000 info@vuw.ac.nz Emergency: +64 4 463 9999 or ext. 8888 (internal) Site info Site map Feedback Glossary Copyright © Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand