Home | Volvo Group We noticed that you are using a browser that is no longer supported by our system, to enjoy the full Volvo experience consider changing browser x Search Our brands Contact us Our brands Contact us Sustainable Transportation Sustainable Solutions Renewable fuels Hydrogen fuel cells and combustion engines Battery electric Collaborative Approach The Mobility Transformation Forum Innovation & Collaboration Responsible Business Careers Students and graduates Working at Volvo Group Recruitment focus areas Job openings Investors Financial Reports & Presentations Truck Orders and Deliveries Key Ratios Financial Calendar Contact Investor Relations Subscribe for press releases The Volvo Share Share Price Calculator Ownership Information Analyst Coverage Conversion of Shares Dividend Debt Information Debt Programmes Long-term committed facilities Green financing Financial Targets Risks & Uncertainties Corporate Governance General Meeting of the Shareholders Election Committee Board of Directors The Board’s work The Board’s composition and attendance CEO, Group Executive Board and Group Management Remuneration Independent auditors News & Media Suppliers Purchasing within Volvo Group Become a Volvo Group supply chain partner How to become a supplier Our Supplier Requirements IMDS Reporting Key Elements Procedures (KEP) Supply Partner Code of Conduct Useful Links & Documents for Existing Supply Chain Partners Purchase to Pay Contact Center Corporate Standards EDI Log in to Volvo Group Supplier Portal Logistics Services Portal is merged into Volvo Group Supplier Portal Contact us as Supply Chain Partners Volvo Group Supplier events About us Contact us Our Brands Strategy Heritage Organization Our values & whistleblowing Products and services Volvo Group Merchandise Volvo Experience System Welcome to Volvo Group Over 104,000 employees. 13 brands. 190 markets. Production facilities in 18 countries. Trucks, buses, construction equipment and marine and industrial engines. Complete solutions for financing and service. This is who we are. Learn about our approach to decarbonization #tecHER 2023 Digital Forum Register now! CEO comments on Q4 Martin Lundstedt comments on the Q3 result Products & services Javascript jobs Financial reports Heritage Job openings Sign up for the #tecHER Newsletter Join the thousands of women who have signed up for the #tecHER newsletter, dedicated to women starting their journey or already in tech careers, and explore your future career opportunities with us. Sign up for the #tecHER Newsletter Join the thousands of women who have signed up for the #tecHER newsletter, dedicated to women starting their journey or already in tech careers, and explore your future career opportunities with us. Subscribe to the #tecHER Newsletter Latest news Latest Press Release Latest Press Release Press release 2024-02-29 February 29, 2024 AB Volvo publishes Annual Report 2023 Volvo Group today published the Annual Report for 2023 on www.volvogroup.com. Press release 2024-02-27 February 27, 2024 Volvo Group Venture Capital invests in Zacua Ventures Volvo Group Venture Capital AB has invested in Zacua Ventures Builders Fund I, L.P. - a global venture capital fund focused on early-stage technology for the construction industry. Press release 2024-02-21 February 21, 2024 Annual General Meeting of AB Volvo AB Volvo (publ) (“Volvo”) gives notice to attend the Annual General Meeting at Konserthuset, Götaplatsen, Göteborg, Wednesday, March 27, 2024, at 3.00 p.m. Press release 2024-02-20 February 20, 2024 Proposal for Board of Directors of AB Volvo Press information from AB Volvo’s Election Committee Press release 2024-02-01 February 1, 2024 Volvo completes acquisition of battery business from Proterra Inc. and Proterra Operating Company The Volvo Group has today completed the previously announced transaction whereby the Group acquired the battery business from Proterra Inc. and Proterra Operating Company Inc. Press release 2024-01-31 January 31, 2024 Volvo launches new trucks worldwide – future proofing its product portfolio Volvo Trucks has unveiled an all-new heavy-duty truck platform for the North American market in parallel to a new heavy-duty truck range for Europe, Australia and markets in Asia and Africa. New energy efficient models – including trucks running on electricity and renewable fuels – will reduce CO2 emissions and take the company closer to the target of having a net-zero emission product range by year 2040. View all press releases I am looking for Job openings Financial Reports Event Calendar Image & Video Library Press Information Purchase to Pay Contact Center Corporate Standards Supplier Portal Student Information Volvo Group Whistle Volvo Group Venture Capital Follow us in Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn X YouTube Explore Volvo Volvo Trucks Volvo Penta Volvo Energy Volvo CE Volvo Buses Volvo Autonomous Solutions Volvo Financial Services SDLG Rokbak Renault Trucks Prevost Nova Bus Mack Trucks Eicher Country websites Australia (English) Belgium (Nederlands) Belgium (Français) Brazil (Português) China (中文) France (Français) Germany (Deutch) India (English) Korea (한국어) Mexico (Español) Netherlands (Nederlands) North America (English) Peru (Español) Poland (Polski) Sweden (Svenska) UK and Ireland (English) Copyright AB Volvo 2024 Copyright AB Volvo www.volvogroup.com Contact us Cookies Privacy