IAB Tech Lab - Subscribe to Our Newsletter × Toggle navigation Membership Membership Types Board Membership Corporate Membership Our Members Standards All Standards Measurement Supply Chain & Foundations Addressability and PETs Advanced TV Privacy Working Groups Events News & Blog Latest News Press Releases Tools Portal Software Compliance All Compliance Programs Open Measurement Measurement Compliance Podcast Measurement Compliance Data Transparency Compliance Pricing Search for: Latest News Introducing Initial OpenRTB Support for the Protected Audience API Google’s Privacy Sandbox introduces a number of APIs that impact how advertising is bought and sold. Some of them, like TOPICS, are relatively straightforward and... Read More Introducing Provisional Attributes The introduction of the OpenRTB Specification in 2012 created a lingua franca spoken by constituents of the Programmatic Supply Chain. By creating a shared language... Read More TCF Canada v1.1 & GPP String v1.1 Released for Public Comment IAB Tech Lab released updates to the TCF Canada section string and GPP core string specifications for a 30-day public comment period. The TCF Canada... Read More IAB Tech Lab Releases In-Depth Analysis Of Google’s Privacy Sandbox For Public Comment, Revealing Significant Challenges Report Unveils Operational, Transactional, and Commercial Concerns, Measurement Metrics Challenges, and Scaling Obstacles in Early Analysis NEW YORK, Feb. 6, 2024 /PRNewswire/ — Today, IAB Tech Lab, the... Read More Events Navigating the Divide: Privacy Sandbox Fit-Gap Analysis and Industry Solutions On the next MadTech Webcast of 2024, ExchangeWire will be joined by IAB Tech Lab on March 5th, 2024 at 8:30AM IST | 11AM SGT... Date: March 5 @ 11:00 AM Register Now Our Vision Establish open technical standards across the ad-supported digital economy, enabling people and businesses to prosper from the societal and economic benefits of the internet. Our Mission Develop global, open interoperable technology standards supporting the growth of a secure and private ad-supported digital economy. About the IAB Tech LabTech Lab Mission Tech Lab Leadership Tech Lab Team Global Partners Contact Subscribe to Our Newsletter Join the IAB Tech Lab Contact Us Tech Lab Careers Questions? Email Support Terms of Use Privacy Policy iab.com Copyright 2024 IAB Technology Laboratory