Octopus Energy: The UK's most awarded energy supplier Skip to main content Menu Home Quote Business Tariffs for EVs Tariffs for solar export All our smart tariffs Help & FAQs Contact us Blog Home Account Great value for the long term, not just the fixed term. Enter your postcode to get a quote: Read about why Octopus Energy is the supplier of the year 2024 · 7 years running 2023 · 2021 · 2020 · 2018 Independently accredited Reasons to love Octopus Energy 2024 · 7 years running Great value for the long term Our standard prices have always been cheaper than any other large supplier. 2023 · 2021 · 2020 · 2018 The UK's most awarded energy supplier We've won more awards for customer service than anyone else. The only accredited energy supplier 100% green All our electricity comes from 100% renewable sources like sun, wind and water Rated 5 stars for customer service from 244,331 reviews. Smart tariffs for smart meters. Small changes to when you use energy can mean big savings. Charge your electric vehicle for less. IntelligentOctopus Go We’ll schedule your charge to get you the cheapest, greenest energy. Plus six off-peak hours for your home and charger every night. Find out more OctopusGo The original smart tariff, for cars or chargers that aren’t ready for Intelligent. Four off-peak hours for your home and charger every night. Find out more AgileOctopus Half-hourly electricity prices that update daily based on wholesale costs. Shift your energy use from the 4pm-7pm peak to save money. Find out more Selling your solar, topping up your battery, or warming your heat pump. There's a world of Octopus smart tariffs — find the one that’s right for you. Explore the range Four simple steps to a cleaner switch. Switching has never been easier. No engineer or installer visits No disruption to your supply We'll inform your old supplier Award-winning customer service Backed by the Energy Switch Guarantee, you can be confident that things will run smoothly and that you're making the right move. Our wider community. The latest from the Octoverse Energy crisis help Energy prices are at record highs. Visit our page for information, support and FAQs. Find out more Careers at Octopus We're hiring for hundreds of roles across the UK — Find out more Find out more What makes us so green? Discover all the ways we're driving renewable energy transformation. Find out more Home tech Smart green tech from the UK's most awarded energy supplier. Find out more Don't take our word for it. As featured by Octopus Energy can save you money - and it's better for the environment, too The company that has done the most to advance UK renewables The only energy firm recommended by Which? more than twice Independent supplier Octopus Energy; a supplier that's aiming to shake-up the market Octopus Energy takes on the big six suppliers The energy industry is starting to feel the effects of Octopus' sucker punch Seems like you're visiting from Would you like to visit ? Yes please No thanks Hey I'm Constantine, welcome to Octopus Energy! ×Close window Help & FAQs Contact us About us Complaints Careers Press Legal stuff Our tariffs A greener future Accessibility Security Change cookie settings 🇩🇪 Octopus Energy DE 🇪🇸 Octopus Energy ES 🇫🇷 Octopus Energy FR 🇮🇹 Octopus Energy IT 🇯🇵 Octopus Energy JP 🇳🇿 Octopus Energy NZ 🇺🇲 Octopus Energy USA Octopus Energy Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales. Registered number: 09263424. Registered office: UK House, 5th floor, 164-182 Oxford Street, London, W1D 1NN. Modern slavery statement. Octopus Energy The only energy supplier Which? has recommended 5 years in a row Rated 5 / 5 based on 244331 reviews. | Review us Your browser is out of date In order to provide you with the latest digital energy web services you need to use the latest and greatest web browsers. Update your browser for a better web experience, here and all over the internet.