Western Illinois University - Your potential. Our purpose. Skip to main content Parents & Families Visitors International Students Libraries Course Offerings Directory A-Z Index myWIU Email WesternOnline STARS WIUP Leatherneck Link Password & Account Self-Service Zoom APPLY NOW Western Illinois University Your potential. Our purpose. Macomb Quad Cities Online About WIU Academics Admissions Alumni Arts Athletics JIDE Giving Student Life ≡ Western Illinois University Your potential. Our purpose. Macomb Quad Cities Online APPLY NOW It Starts Here Leathernecks create, lead, and dare to stand out Apply Now! Connect to Life on Campus Your New Home Awaits Connect to Opportunities Over 100 Academic Programs Connect to Your Cause The campaign for WIU $10M in scholarships awarded each year 1-on-1 mentorship from faculty "Best Midwestern College" — 18 years In-state tuition rates for all 50 states Academic Spotlight Meteorology: The science of weather The only program in Illinois with Doppler weather radar Create forecasts for local radio stations, deliver the weather segment on the campus TV station, and intern at regional weather offices and local television stations State-of-the-art meteorological data analysis, including a weather station, a Linux laboratory, and a Geographical Information Systems (GIS) laboratory Receive one-on-one attention from faculty members while meeting the curricular requirements for the National Weather Services (NWS) for employment as a meteorologist View more News Events Huang Steps Down as WIU President, Mindrup Named Interim PresidentWIU Gears Up For Western Challenge April 24State of Illinois to Test Tornado Drill March 6 CMS to Offer Summer Music Camps 2024LEJA to Host Public Safety Open House March 6 View More Tuesday, March 05 "Spa Water" y Hablamos Casa Latina Lounge 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm Tuesday, March 05 Baseball at Saint Louis Saint Louis, MO 3:00 pm - 6:00 pm Tuesday, March 05 What's the T*? Why We Pride LGBT*QA Resource Center in the Multicultural Center 3:30 pm - 4:30 pm Tuesday, March 05 Swim with the Lambdas Recreation center pool 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Tuesday, March 05 Women Who Lift General Assembly Campus Rec West Studio 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm View More Center for Performing Arts Construction Underway The Center for Performing Arts will cement the foundation of excellence that is performing arts at Western Illinois University. When the center is complete, WIU will be THE destination for arts and culture in our region and beyond. —Billy Clow, Dean, College of Fine Arts and Communication View more Do art and music make us smarter humans? WIU Professor Discovers Answers in Our Genes Are music and the arts key to smarter, more efficient human minds? Our research finds supporting evidence in traditional indigenous knowledge systems and in some of our earliest, uniquely-human genes. — Andrea Alveshere, Associate Professor, Anthropology and Chemistry Read more Creating a World of Innovation: WIU Physics Chair Part of National Quantum Information Science Teaching Team Our goal is to not only introduce the students to the magical world of quantum, but also to get them excited about it and its future promise for the development of ultra-powerful quantum computers and other quantum technologies. — Kishor T. Kapale, Chair, Department of Physics Read more News & Events News Releases Academic Calendar Events Calendar Libraries Ask a Librarian / Get Help Branches & Units Catalog Databases Services Campus Safety Office of Public Safety Emergency Alert System Timely Warnings Mental Health Resources Campus Crime Stats Risk Management & Emergency Preparedness Environmental Health, Safety and Sustainability Technology Resources Computer Labs Electronic Classrooms Password Assistance Technology Support Center University Technology University Communications & Marketing University Printing & Mailing Center Design and Publications Marketing University Television Photography & Design Production Higher Education Act Policies & Procedures University Policies Board of Trustees Regulations Faculty Policy Manual Administrative Procedures Handbook Civil Service Handbook Student Rights & Responsibilities Complaints Finance and Administration Budget Business and Financial Services Equal Opportunity and Access Human Resources Purchasing Campus Directory Find an Employee or Student Find an Office Deans & Directors University Administration Connect with us: Accessibility Employment Sustainability Veterans Western Illinois University 1 University Circle Macomb, IL 61455 USA Phone: (309) 298-1414 Text Telephone: (309) 298-4444 info@wiu.edu © 2024 Western Illinois University. All Rights Reserved. | Web Privacy Policy