Direct Relief | Official Charity Site Skip to content Direct Relief Logo Direct Relief Site Navigation Work What Direct Relief Does Disaster Relief Hurricane Otis Hawaii Fires Turkey-Syria Quake Ukraine Relief Wildfire Relief Issues & Solutions Cold Chain Health Equity Opioid Epidemic Resilient Power Places Asia Africa Central America and the Caribbean Europe Mexico South America United States & Territories Products Emergency Medical Pack Maps California Wildfire Map Hurricane Prep Map News About About Direct Relief What We Do Where We Work Charity Ratings & Awards Charity Navigator Compliance, Credentials & Licenses Finance & Policies History People Contact Press Get Involved Ways to Give Direct Relief Gaming Donate Stock or Mutual Funds Donate from an IRA Employer Matching Legacy Society Start a Fundraiser Donor Privacy and Anonymous Gifts Other Ways to Give Strategic Partnerships Contact Apply for Assistance Press Volunteer Donate Donate Open Search Close Search Toggle Menu Healthy People.Better World. That means all people — regardless of politics, religion, or ability to pay. Improving their lives is Direct Relief’s mission. Humanitarian Relief Direct Relief works in the US and internationally to expand access to medicine and healthcare by equipping doctors and nurses with lifesaving medical resources. 80+ countries and 50 U.S. states Disaster-ready designs A focus on health Anytime. Anywhere. Anyone in Need. Disaster relief Hawaii Fire Relief Direct Relief is responding to wildfires in Hawaii, its home state of California, and throughout the U.S. Hurricanes Hurricane Relief Direct Relief responds to hurricanes with medications and medical supplies needed in a storm’s wake. Health Equity Fund for Health Equity Direct Relief supports communities in which the effects of racism and socioeconomic disparities persist. AID TRACKER Unaudited totals since Jul. 1, 2023 (start of FY 2024) Updated 5 AM today in medical aid $1,333,698,774 doses of medicine 359,841,334 pounds of medicine and supplies 4,477,982 deliveries 16,604 healthcare providers supported 2,078 Giving is Good Medicine Everything Direct Relief does, every person whose life is improved or saved, stems from an act of generosity that’s purely voluntary. You don’t have to donate. That’s why it’s so extraordinary when you do. Efficient. Effective. Transparent. Nongovernmental. Nonsectarian. Apolitical. ★★★★ Top Rating Best Charities 100% Efficiency Rating Top 10 U.S. Charities Top 10 Most Innovative Non-Profits 0% of donations Spent on Fundraising Get Involved Three Ways to Make a Difference Invest in a healthier world Donate Monthly Rally your community to help others Fundraise Put your business to work for humanity Partnerships In Focus Charity Ratings Direct Relief Ranked 5th Largest U.S. Charity Growth occurred in a year when Direct Relief extended more help to more people in need than ever before in its 75-year history. Disaster Relief Ready When Disasters Strike A trusted international network enables Direct Relief to assess immediate healthcare needs and respond quickly and efficiently when a disaster strikes. Issues & Solutions Advancing Health Globally Direct Relief equips health professionals in resource-poor communities to meet the challenges of diagnosing, treating and caring for people in need. Charity Navigator Direct Relief Earns 100% Impact Rating Direct Relief’s leading financial performance and efficiency earns 4 stars and a 100% impact rating from Charity Navigator. The Latest Ukraine Relief Direct Relief Donates More Than 2,000 Battery Systems to Ukrainian Hospitals Amid Energy Grid Attacks Direct Relief aids Ukraine's healthcare system by procuring over 2,000 battery systems to counter frequent power grid attacks. These systems maintain vital medical services and pat... Continue reading Health Operational Update: Medicines and Supplies Arrive in Sudan as Civil War Continues Over the past seven days, Direct Relief has delivered 575 shipments of requested medical aid to 47 U.S. states and territories and 13 countries worldwide. The shipments contained 7.2 ... Health Equity Direct Relief’s Fund for Health Equity Awards $7 Million to 38 Organizations Across the U.S. Direct Relief today announced the latest round of grants awarded from its Fund for Health Equity. “This latest round of more than $7 million in grants, made possible by generous support ... Direct Relief Logo Facebook Threads LinkedIn LinkedIn Logo: Instagram Instagram X X Youtube YouTube AboutContact Careers Mission Support & FAQs FinancialsAnnual Reports Donation Policies In-Kind Valuation Financial Policies AccreditationCharity Rating 501(c)(3) Nonprofit EIN: 95-1831116 Compliance & Licenses GovernanceContent Republishing Leadership Privacy Policy Transparency 6100 Wallace Becknell Road, Santa Barbara, CA 93117 805-964-4767 Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email Name Website