ACLED | Bringing Clarity to Crisis Skip to content ACLED Bringing Clarity to Crisis About ACLEDAbout UsOur Team Careers Partners Contact Subscribe DataData Export Tool Curated Data Files Global Dashboard Conflict Exposure Register Terms of Use API Guide ResourcesQuick Guide to ACLED Data Resource Library Knowledge Base API Guide ACLED in the Classroom Early Warning & Forecasting ToolsEarly Warning Dashboard CAST Prediction Tool RegionsAfrica – Horn of Africa Asia-Pacific Europe & Central Asia Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East United States & Canada AnalysisAnalysis OutputsAll Analysis Regional Overviews Infographics ACLED Conflict Index 2024 ACLED Conflict Watchlist 2024 ACLED Year in Review: 2022 Themes & Special SeriesElection Watch Series Actor Profile Series Political Violence Targeting Local Officials Political Violence Targeting Women In Focus: Horn of Africa Special ProjectsUkraine Conflict Monitor Yemen Conflict Observatory Ethiopia Peace Observatory Cabo Ligado (Mozambique) Search: Search About ACLEDAbout UsOur Team Careers Partners Contact Subscribe DataData Export Tool Curated Data Files Global Dashboard Conflict Exposure Register Terms of Use API Guide ResourcesQuick Guide to ACLED Data Resource Library Knowledge Base API Guide ACLED in the Classroom Early Warning & Forecasting ToolsEarly Warning Dashboard CAST Prediction Tool RegionsAfrica – Horn of Africa Asia-Pacific Europe & Central Asia Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East United States & Canada AnalysisAnalysis OutputsAll Analysis Regional Overviews Infographics ACLED Conflict Index 2024 ACLED Conflict Watchlist 2024 ACLED Year in Review: 2022 Themes & Special SeriesElection Watch Series Actor Profile Series Political Violence Targeting Local Officials Political Violence Targeting Women In Focus: Horn of Africa Special ProjectsUkraine Conflict Monitor Yemen Conflict Observatory Ethiopia Peace Observatory Cabo Ligado (Mozambique) FEATURED Yemen Conflict Observatory As the country’s complex conflict landscape continues to evolve, and with the prospect of a political settlement on the horizon, ACLED and the Yemen Data Project have partnered to establish the Yemen Conflict Observatory (YCO), a new platform offering an array of analytical tools and products to help users stay up-to-date with the latest developments. Yemen Conflict Map | Actor Profiles | Region Profiles Read MoreDashboardDataAnalysisEarly Warning Tools The Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project (ACLED) collects real-time data on the locations, dates, actors, fatalities, and types of all reported political violence and protest events around the world. Still Under Fire: The Evolving Fate of Civilians in Ukraine While battle lines changed only slightly in the second year of the war, ACLED data suggest that civilians continue to be exposed to an extremely high and persistent risk of violence. Seemingly static frontlines and falling civilian fatality numbers do not translate into the war being frozen. Posted: 22 Feb 2024 Read More ACLED Brief | Rwanda-backed M23 Rebels Advance Toward Goma in Eastern DR Congo 4 March 2024 As Rwanda-backed March 23 (M23) rebels and allied fighters push toward North Kivu’s capital city of Goma, ACLED is recording… Read more Situation Update: February 2024 | Al-Shabaab’s Infiltration of a Military Base in Mogadishu and Somaliland’s Conflict 1 March 2024 Situation Update | February 2024 Somalia: Al-Shabaab’s Infiltration of a Military Base in Mogadishu and Somaliland’s Conflict 1 March 2024… Read more Q&A: The Worsening Trend of Violence in Papua New Guinea 27 February 2024 Q&A with Deborah Alois ACLED Pacific Region Researcher On Sunday, 18 February, intertribal violence in the remote Highlands of Papua… Read more For Colombia’s Social Leaders, Peace is Far from Total 23 February 2024 Social leaders are some of the most visible victims of Colombia’s internal armed conflict. Despite a slight decrease — arguably… Read more Kenya Situation Update: February 2024 | Women and Lawyers Demonstrate Nationwide 23 February 2024 Kenya Situation Update | February 2024 Women and Lawyers Demonstrate Nationwide 23 February 2024 < Back to Kenya Hub Kenya… Read more Still Under Fire: The Evolving Fate of Civilians in Ukraine 22 February 2024 Still Under Fire: The Evolving Fate of Civilians in Ukraine 22 February 2024 While battle lines changed only slightly in… Read more Dashboard Explore the data with our interactive dashboard. See more Data Download political violence and protest data. See more Analysis Read ACLED reports and infographics. See more Featured Conflict Watchlist 2024 In ACLED’s new Conflict Watchlist, we identify 10 crisis areas that are likely to evolve in the coming year. The Watchlist goes beyond a snapshot of violent hotspots; these local, national, and transnational conflicts represent some of the most complex crises in the world. See more Spotlight Israel-Palestine Hub As the war in Gaza continues to rage, check our hub page for the latest ACLED resources, data, and analysis on political violence in Israel and Palestine. See more Featured Administering Violence: A Special Project on Violence Targeting Local Officials Our inaugural special issue examines trends in violence targeting local officials in the European Union, Ukraine, Mexico, Brazil, the Philippines, and South Africa. See more Sign up for the ACLED newsletter to get the latest updates delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe Regional Overviews Our monthly analysis briefs break down the latest data on political violence and protest trends, highlighting potential early warning signs for closer monitoring. Select a region from the list below to see the latest regional overview. Africa Asia-Pacific Europe & Central Asia Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East United States & Canada Featured Series Election Watch Political Repression and Militant Targeting Set the Stage for Pakistan’s 2024 Elections 1 February 2024 Read more The Violent Politics of Bangladesh’s 2024 Elections 4 January 2024 Read more Disorder and Distrust Ahead of the 2023 Elections in the Democratic Republic of Congo 13 December 2023 Read more Q&A: What Do the Conflict Data Say About Zimbabwe’s Elections? 25 August 2023 Read more Political Succession and Intra-Party Divisions: Examining the Potential for Violence in Zimbabwe’s 2023 Elections 17 August 2023 Read more The Killing of Villavicencio: A Symptom of Rising Political Violence Ahead of Ecuador’s Snap Elections 14 August 2023 Read more See More Follow us on social media Latest Analysis Situation Update: February 2024 | Al-Shabaab’s Infiltration of a Military Base in Mogadishu and Somaliland’s Conflict1 March 2024Read MoreQ&A: The Worsening Trend of Violence in Papua New Guinea27 February 2024Read MoreFor Colombia’s Social Leaders, Peace is Far from Total23 February 2024Read MoreKenya Situation Update: February 2024 | Women and Lawyers Demonstrate Nationwide23 February 2024Read MoreStill Under Fire: The Evolving Fate of Civilians in Ukraine22 February 2024Read MoreSudan Situation Update: February 2024 | Sudan: The SAF Breaks the Siege16 February 2024Read More All Analysis Local Observatories Ethiopia Peace Observatory The Ethiopia Peace Observatory (EPO) is a special project launched by ACLED to enhance local data collection across Ethiopia. The EPO aims to provide a dedicated platform for governments, media, civil society, and the public to access reliable information and analysis about political violence and unrest across the country. Visit Site Cabo Ligado Cabo Ligado (‘connected cape’) is a conflict observatory established by ACLED in partnership with Zitamar News and MediaFax to monitor political violence in Mozambique. The project supports real-time data collection on the insurgency in the country’s northern Cabo Delgado province and provides cutting-edge analysis of the latest conflict trends. Visit Site The Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project (ACLED) is a disaggregated data collection, analysis, and crisis mapping project. ACLED is the highest quality and most widely used real-time data and analysis source on political violence and protest around the world. Practitioners, researchers, journalists, and governments depend on ACLED for the latest reliable information on current conflict and disorder patterns. ACLED is a registered non-profit organization with 501(c)(3) status in the United States. Please contact [email protected] with comments or queries regarding the ACLED dataset. About Register Data Export Tool Codebook Resource Library Analysis Contact Careers Cookie Policy Privacy Statement Opt-out preferences © 2023 ACLED. All Rights Reserved. Go to Top Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent