Quotes and Famous Sayings - The Quotations Page Quotation Search by keyword or author: Home Weblog Quotes of the Day Motivational Author Index Subject Index Search Random Quotes Word of the Day Book Reviews Your Page Contribute Quotes Articles Use our Quotes About this Site FAQ Contact Us Read books online at our other site: The Literature Page Privacy Policy The Quotations Page Welcome to the web's most comprehensive site for famous quotes, since 1994. We have over 28,000 quotations online from over 3,400 authors, and more are added daily. Browse Quotations Quotes by Author: Shakespeare, Einstein, Aristotle, Winston Churchill, Mark Twain, Oscar Wilde, Gandhi, Confucius, Nietzsche, Thoreau, Emerson, Benjamin Franklin... [More Authors] Quotes by Subject: Life, Love, Success, Change, Friendship, Dreams, Happiness, Attitude, Character, Education... [More Subjects] Quotes of the Day - Motivational Quotes - Quote Search - Random Quotes Latest Updates and News Tuesday, May 22, 2018We have quotations from over 3400 authors. Check out our complete list of authors and find your favorite! Sunday, September 10, 2017We've just moved this site to a new server. You may also notice some of the options have changed as we've eliminated some of the old and broken sections. New features, and new quotations, are coming soon! Monday, January 18, 2016The US celebrates Martin Luther King Jr. day today. King's actual birthday was January 15th. Read our Martin Luther King Jr. quotations or visit The King Center to find out more about Dr. King and how you can help continue his fight for equality. Thursday, August 15, 2013We now have nearly 30 thousand quotations! We're adding new quotes every day and working on the organization of the site. Let us know what we can improve! View all news items Today's Featured Quotation Book The Quotable Woman by Running PressThese are not quotes about women, but by women authors. Quotes are organized by subject. I usually don't like segregated things like this (There will never be a book called "The Quotable Man"), but any book with Dorothy Parker quotes is tops with me. [More Specialized Quotation Books] ;category=quoteref">More Reference Quotation Books] g">More Quotation Books for Reading] (c) 1994-2018 QuotationsPage.com and Michael Moncur. All rights reserved. Please read the disclaimer.