Associated Press Stylebook Skip to content AP Stylebook Log in Register Shop Help Center More Search The classic, practical spiral-bound edition now is published every other year. AP Stylebook, 56th Edition (spiral-bound print) The 56th edition of The Associated Press Stylebook and Briefing on Media Law includes more than 300 new or revised entries, with chapters covering data journalism, business, religion and sports terms, as well as media law, news values, punctuation, social media and polls and surveys, plus a new chapter on inclusive storytelling. ISBN: 978-0-917360-70-1. Learn more STYLE GUIDANCE ON YOUR COMPUTER, TABLET AND PHONE AP Stylebook Online This searchable, customizable, regularly updated version of AP Stylebook offers bonus features including Ask the Editor, Topical Guides and Pronunciation Guide. Add Webster's New World College Dictionary for a more comprehensive resource. Learn more AP StyleGuard and Lingofy AP Style-Checking Tools Proof the content you create in Microsoft Word, Outlook and today's web browsers, helping find errors in spelling, usage and AP style. Use our shopping assistant to find the tools that work best for your needs. Learn more LEARN AP STYLE FROM THE PROFESSIONALS AP Stylebook Workshop On Demand In the on-demand version of the popular AP Stylebook Workshop, you can watch informative, engaging videos at your convenience. You can also read entries on AP Stylebook Online and take quizzes with AP Stylebook Study Guides to support your learning. Learn more By journalists, for journalists, created in AP’s Mexico City newsroom Manual de Estilo de la AP El Manual de Estilo en Español de The Associate Press es una guía para periodistas y editores que incluye más de 4.000 entracías sobre el uso de algunas palabras y conceptos, además de sugerencias sobre cómo traducir algunas expresiones del inglés al español. Learn more Looking for more? See all the AP Stylebook products and choose the right one for you Log in to your Stylebook account Username or Email Address Password Remember me RESET YOUR PASSWORD FOR THE AP STYLEBOOK WEBSITE. To reset, click here. If you have already reset your password, you can click "remember me" to speed your log in next time. Don't Have an Account Yet? Register to view your products, order status, shipment trackings and manage your account settings. Register Sign Up for our Newsletter Keep up to date on style news. Sign up for our stylish monthly e-newsletter by submitting your email address below. Email Address Comments More Resources Add the publications cited in the AP Stylebook bibliography to your library. × Home Log in to my account Browse AP Stylebook products AP Style Blog AP Stylebook news Suggest a Stylebook change or addition Ask the Editor: Highlights Last seven days of Ask the Editor Current Topical Guide Bibliography Social media highlights User Guide Help Center Back to Top AP Stylebook AP Stylebook products Compare products Help Center Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Associated Press Company Media Center Products and Services Contact Us More From AP AP News AP Books AP Images AP Archive Follow AP Stylebook Cookie Settings All contents © 2024 Associated Press All rights reserved.