Information and Enterprise Technology News | CIO Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's tech industry news Let CIO Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search IT Strategy Cloud Security Big Data AI Software Leadership Noah Berger / Stringer via Getty Images AWS pares back data transfer costs The largest hyperscaler is the latest provider to waive egress fees, following a similar announcement by Google Cloud in January. Read more ➔ Top stories Too much data: CIOs jostle for control of swelling IT estates Legacy tech is still popping up as a cost-control barrier Anthropic rolls out Claude 3, says it outperforms generative AI rivals Fees consume nearly half of cloud data storage spending: report Legal woes continue for OpenAI as Elon Musk sues over contract breach The Latest MTStock Studio via Getty Images Opinion 3 CIO considerations for the generative AI onslaught The technology calls for a strategic adoption process as new tools can lead to sprawl and push spending upwards. IT Strategy Justin Sullivan / Staff via Getty Images Dell says on-prem is the future of AI “AI tracks to where the data is created, which is on-prem or out at the edge of the network," said COO Jeff Clarke. IT Strategy Courtesy of Snowflake Snowflake details next stage of AI data strategy as new CEO takes the helm The retirement of Snowflake’s CEO and ascendance of its SVP of AI punctuates an AI-fueled data boom for the company. Cloud Viorika via Getty Images ‘Maverick’ SaaS spending by workers can waste millions: report A company with more than 2,000 employees wasted, on average, as much as $4.3 million on underutilized SaaS licenses in 2023, according to Vertice data. IT Strategy Stephen Lam via Getty Images Salesforce wants to unlock ‘islands of trapped data’ CEO Marc Benioff is adamant that businesses need a seamless data experience if they want to benefit from generative AI. IT Strategy Spencer Platt / Staff via Getty Images With ambition changing, only 3 in 10 workers aspire to C-suite roles Money is the top driver of job satisfaction, not recognition or advancement, according to Empower research. IT Strategy gorodenkoff via Getty Images Kubernetes cloud costs spike as overprovisioning persists Despite optimization efforts, enterprises regularly buy more compute than needed to run containerized workloads, according to a Cast AI analysis. Cloud gorodenkoff via Getty Images How CIOs can prepare for the stumbling blocks of ERP migration Security, data and integration issues plague ERP migrations. But planning and change management can lead businesses to clear advantages. IT Strategy Bruce Bennett / Staff via Getty Images Wendy’s promotes CTO to CIO role As CTO, Matt Spessard led the rollout of Google Vertex AI chatbot capabilities into the drive-thru experience. As CIO, he’ll expand the pilot program. AI & Future Tech Getty Images via Getty Images Generative AI could deliver a $2.25 trillion economy boost: report Despite lofty expectations for enterprise productivity, business leaders are struggling to quantify the technology’s ROI. AI & Future Tech Kena Betancur via Getty Images Zoom wants to customize, monetize generative AI assistant, CEO says Launched in September, 510,000 accounts are already using the Zoom AI Companion platform. IT Strategy Bill Oxford via Getty Images Average software waste hit $18M last year despite optimization push Overall SaaS spending fell year over year, but shadow IT overspend and app redundancies persisted, Zylo research found. Cloud miniseries via Getty Images Employees have mixed feelings about AI, Slack finds As adoption grows, more than one-quarter of surveyed desk workers are concerned about the impact of AI implementation. AI & Future Tech Matt Kapko/CIO Dive Cloud intrusions spiked 75% in 2023, CrowdStrike says Threat actors took advantage of inconsistent cloud security structures, abusing unique features of the technology to initiate attacks. Cloud AnnaStills via Getty Images Can AI coding tools meet enterprise expectations? As interest in coding companions grows, leaders are closely watching the quality, security and durability of generated code. IT Strategy Pekic via Getty Images Opinion How to navigate talent management in the age of AI Valuing human skills, fostering inclusivity and navigating the ethics of AI can make tech roles sustainable and fulfilling. IT Strategy maxsattana via Getty Images Cloud waste, hyperscaler discounts shape FinOps priorities As enterprises brace for ballooning AI spend, the pressure’s on to squeeze the most out of commitment-based discounts and existing deployments. IT Strategy skynesher via Getty Images Engineers wanted — must have communication skills Though talent gaps persist, employers aren’t neglecting soft skills as they parse through potential candidates. IT Strategy Justin Sullivan via Getty Images General Mills rolls out MillsChat, an internal generative AI tool The private, text-based assistant was built on Google’s PaLM 2 model and helps employees with writing, summarizing and brainstorming. IT Strategy Justin Sullivan / Staff via Getty Images Nvidia ramps up GPU production to fuel AI data center revolution The chipmaker expects demand to outpace supply through the year. “We’ll do our best,” CEO Jensen Huang said Wednesday. Cloud Laurence Dutton via Getty Images Cost rules in enterprise software purchases Demand for AI and cyber capabilities is driving enterprise customers to add functionality and upgrades to recently purchased solutions, according to Gartner. Cloud Justin Sullivan / Staff via Getty Images Google brings Gemini to Workspace suite, launches Gemma AI models The tech giant is rolling out a new user experience as part of Gemini for Workspace’s debut, which includes a standalone space for users to chat with the tool. AI & Future Tech miniseries via Getty Images Generative AI skills bring nearly 50% salary bump: Indeed Tech workers who are competent in the nascent technology can expect average salaries of more than $174,000, according to the company. IT Strategy Kevin Dietsch via Getty Images US takes next steps to understand the pros — and cons — of AI foundational models The National Telecommunications and Information Administration will explore potential safeguards to avoid AI misuse as directed by the White House’s executive order. AI & Future Tech gorodenkoff via Getty Images CIOs worry about AI’s accuracy Tech leaders are uneasy about generative AI’s shortcomings and the impact on employees as pressure mounts to deploy the technology, Juniper Networks data shows. AI & Future Tech More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to CIO Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Dell says on-prem is the future of AI Anthropic rolls out Claude 3, says it outperforms generative AI rivals Fees consume nearly half of cloud data storage spending: report Legacy tech is still popping up as a cost-control barrier Library resources Playbook Pivotal Solutions for Retail: Transforming Operations and Revenue Streams Custom content for Acuative Trendline The CIO Dive Outlook on 2024 Supported by CIO Dive Webinar - on demand Creating the One-Stop Shop for Employee Experience Custom content for MangoApps View all Company Announcements Qumulo Launches a Cloud Native Solution for Cold File Data From Qumulo Latest DigiCert Study Reveals Widening Gap Between Organizations Benefiting from Digital Trust… From DigiCert DigiCert Appoints New Chief Financial Officer and Chief Revenue Officer From DigiCert Echelon Risk + Cyber Introduces Security Team as a Service (STaaS) to Mature Cyber Strategy fo… From Echelon Risk + Cyber View all | Post a press release What We're Reading The Wall Street Journal Clippy, the Demoted Microsoft Worker, Is Now Getting His Revenge TechCrunch India reverses AI stance, requires government approval for model launches CNBC College AI degree programs are booming. Are they worth the cost? View all Events 11 MAR Webinar | 3:30 p.m. ET How to Hire Top Tech Talent Presented by studioID and Jobsity 13 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET Moving Beyond Legacy MDM: How to Manage the New Realities of AI, Security, and Software Updates for Business Critical Devices Presented by studioID and Esper 21 MAR Virtual Event | 2 p.m. ET AI and Managing the Data Underbelly Presented by CIO Dive 28 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET Not Another Hybrid Work Debate Presented by studioID and Skedda View all events Industry Intel Navigating CLM Transformation: IT’s Role in Proving Business Value Webinar - on demand • Provided by DocuSign Why IT Struggles with Innovation & What to Do About It eBook • Provided by OutSystems 10 Market-Moving Trends for 2024 Whitepaper • Provided by AlphaSense CIO Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Article Licensing Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Related Publications Cybersecurity Dive image/svg+xml Industry Dive is an Informa business © 2024 Industry Dive. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy. Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell Search Home Topics IT Strategy Cloud Security Big Data AI Software Leadership Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get CIO Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.