Home | Dynamic Graphics Project Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home People Research News About Us Joining DGP Home Welcome to the Dynamic Graphics Project lab of the University of Toronto DGP, short for the Dynamic Graphics Project, is comprised of researchers spanning graphics, human-computer interaction, computer vision, and computational imaging. Founded in 1967, our group seeks to push the limits of perception, interaction, and visual communication in order to engage people with digital media in ways that have never been seen before. Our research has garnered multiple publication awards, academic fellowships and prizes, and even Academy Awards. Our alumni have become faculty at top universities throughout the world (e.g., Carnegie Mellon, Princeton, Virginia) and leaders at major industrial research labs (e.g., Adobe, Autodesk, Facebook/Meta, Google, Pixar). Featured Research Subspace Mixed Finite Elements for Real-Time Heterogeneous Elastodynamics Real-time elastodynamic solvers are well-suited for the rapid simulation of homogeneous elastic materials, with high rates generally enabled by aggressive early termination of timestep solves. Unfortunately, the introduction of strong domain heterogeneities can make these solvers slow to converge. To address these challenges, we developed a reduced mixed finite element solver that preserves rich rotational motion, even at low-iteration regimes. Our resulting method is a subspace mixed finite element method completely decoupled from the resolution of the mesh that is well-suited for real-time simulation of heterogeneous domains. Click here to see the project page and paper. Soloist: Generating Mixed-Initiative Tutorials from Existing Guitar Instructional Videos Through Audio Processing Soloist is a mixed-initiative learning framework that automatically generates customizable curriculums from off-the-shelf guitar video lessons. Soloist takes raw videos as input and leverages audio processing via deep learning to extract musical information. This back-end processing is used to provide an interactive visualization to support effective video navigation and real-time feedback on the user’s performance, creating a guided learning experience. We demonstrate the capabilities and specific use cases of Soloist within the domain of learning electric guitar solos using instructional YouTube videos. Click here to read the paper. The demo video is available on YouTube. EMU: Efficient Muscle Simulation in Deformation Space EMU is an efficient and scalable model to simulate bulk musculoskeletal motion with heterogeneous materials. First, EMU requires no model reductions or geometric coarsening, thereby producing results visually accurate when compared to an FEM simulation. Second, EMU is efficient and scales much better than state-of-the-art FEM with the number of elements in the mesh and is more easily parallelizable. Third, EMU can handle heterogeneously stiff meshes with an arbitrary constitutive model, thus allowing it to simulate soft muscles, stiff tendons, and even stiffer bones all within one unified system. These three key characteristics of EMU enable us to efficiently orchestrate muscle-activated skeletal movements. Click here to see the project page and paper and here for the video. News Prof. Bill Buxton appointed to Order of Canada January 4, 2024 Congratulations to Prof. Buxton, who has been appointed as an Officer of the Order of Canada for his work in HCI and user-centred design! Prof. Buxton has been a member of the DGP since the early years of the group … read more Prof. Kutulakos wins 2023 Dean’s Research Excellence Award December 11, 2023 The faculty of Arts & Science has named Kyros Kutulakos as a recipient of this year’s Dean’s Research Excellence Award! You can read more about the award and his contributions here. Prof. Ahmed receives 2023 Google Award for Inclusion Research November 24, 2023 Ishtiaque Ahmed has received a 2023 Google Award for Inclusion Research for his work on making computing services useful and meaningful for rural communities in the Global South! You can read more about the award and his work here. Prof. Chevalier named to France’s Order of Academic Palms May 30, 2023 Fanny Chevalier has been made a knight in the prestigious Order of Academic Palms (l’Ordre des Palmes Académiques), France’s national order recognizing exemplary services to education and culture. Coincidentally, her last name translates to “knight” in French, so this was … read more Prof. Jacobson wins Faculty of A&S Outstanding Teaching Award May 5, 2023 The faculty of Arts & Science has named Alec Jacobson as a recipient of this year’s Outstanding Teaching Award! You can read more about the award and his contributions here. See More News Contact DGP © 2024 Dynamic Graphics Project. All Rights Reserved. Website created by Home Cooked Website Solutions Inc.