Environment News Service At Risk Climate Energy Gov/Politics Wildlife Transport Land Use Oceans RSS About Subscribe Search for: News Ticker ‘They wanted to humiliate us.’ Palestinian women detained by Israel allege abuse in Israeli custody…US makes its first Gaza aid airdrop amid fears of humanitarian disaster…10 children die of hunger in Gaza, total population on the brink of famine…Mexico election race heats up as two women vie for presidency… Ruling that vacates Capitol rioter’s sentence could impact dozens of Jan. 6 cases…Lawyers who voided Elon Musk’s pay as excessive want $6 billion fee…Texas wildfires grow to 1 million acres as forecast calls for windy, dry conditions…EU presses countries to rescue drowning solar industry…After Macron touted troops to Ukraine, Putin warns West of nuclear war risk…Rutte signs Dutch-Ukrainian long-term security agreement in Kharkiv…Ukraine’s sea exports reach record monthly level since full-scale invasion…Ukraine signs plan for cooperation with NATO in 2024… At Risk UK Ship Sunk By Houthis Leaking Oil, Could Spill Fertilizer ADEN, Yemen, March 2, 2024 (ENS) – The UK-owned cargo ship Rubymar, attacked by Houthi militants in mid-February, finally sank in the Red Sea Friday night off the coast of Yemen in rough, stormy seas. [...] Air/Climate UN Leader: ‘Our Climate is Imploding, Humanity Is to Blame’ NAIROBI, Kenya, March 1, 2024 (ENS) – On the final day of the sixth session of the UN Environment Assembly, UNEA-6, there was a supercharged mood on the UNEP campus, only hours after delegates left [...] Latest News Toxics in Biosolids Fertilizer Prompt Texas Farmers’ Lawsuit BALTIMORE, Maryland, February 23, 2024 (ENS) – A product liability lawsuit has been filed against a major manufacturer of biosolids-based fertilizer produced from sewage sludge. The lawsuit seeks compensation for damages caused by exposure to [...] At Risk Tobago Oil Spill Spreads Across Southeastern Caribbean Sea PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad and Tobago, February 16, 2024 (ENS) – At least two vessels were involved in an incident that is spilling gobs of black crude oil across a widening area of the Caribbean [...] Health First Drug to Treat Severe Frostbite Approved in U.S. WASHINGTON, DC, February 15, 2024 (ENS) – The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug – an injection to treat severe frostbite in adults that reduces the risk of finger or toe, [...] In the Spotlight 2023: Earth’s Hottest Year by News Editor in RSS Comments Off on 2023: Earth’s Hottest Year GENEVA, Switzerland, December 30, 2023 (ENS) – The year 2023 shattered climate records, delivered extreme weather, and left death, devastation and despair in its wake laments the World Meteorological Organization, which has pegged 2023 as the hottest year ever recorded. [...] AmeriScan COLORADO: Three New Bills Aim to Eliminate Ozone Pollution February 23, 2024 Comments Off on COLORADO: Three New Bills Aim to Eliminate Ozone Pollution WISCONSIN: Didion Milling Exec +2 Imprisoned for Deadly Blast February 17, 2024 Comments Off on WISCONSIN: Didion Milling Exec +2 Imprisoned for Deadly Blast NEW YORK: First to Protect Birds, Bees From Neonic Pesticides January 30, 2024 Comments Off on NEW YORK: First to Protect Birds, Bees From Neonic Pesticides CALIFORNIA: Prosecutes Recycling Fraud Felonies Worth $12M January 5, 2024 Comments Off on CALIFORNIA: Prosecutes Recycling Fraud Felonies Worth $12M CategoriesCategories Select Category Air/Climate AmeriScan At Risk Business Energy Food Gov/Politics Health Land Use/Forests Latest News Oceans RSS Sci/Tech Spotlight Toxics Transport Waste Water Wildlife At Risk At Risk UK Ship Sunk By Houthis Leaking Oil, Could Spill Fertilizer March 2, 2024 Comments Off on UK Ship Sunk By Houthis Leaking Oil, Could Spill Fertilizer ADEN, Yemen, March 2, 2024 (ENS) – The UK-owned cargo ship Rubymar, attacked by Houthi militants in mid-February, finally sank in the Red Sea Friday night off [...] Energy Energy Biden Pauses Export Approvals for U.S. Liquified Natural Gas January 26, 2024 Comments Off on Biden Pauses Export Approvals for U.S. Liquified Natural Gas WASHINGTON, DC, January 26, 2024 (ENS) – Today, the Biden-Harris Administration announced a temporary pause on pending decisions regarding exports of liquefied natural gas, LNG, [...] Health Health First Drug to Treat Severe Frostbite Approved in U.S. February 15, 2024 Comments Off on First Drug to Treat Severe Frostbite Approved in U.S. WASHINGTON, DC, February 15, 2024 (ENS) – The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug – an injection to treat severe frostbite [...] Sci/Tech Latest News Inaugural World Lidar Day Honors Remote Sensing Technology February 14, 2024 Comments Off on Inaugural World Lidar Day Honors Remote Sensing Technology DENVER, Colorado, February 14, 2024 (ENS) – It’s Geo Week in Denver, where one of the world’s largest geospatial conferences is underway. As part of the gathering, on February 12, a group of Lidar enthusiasts [...] Waste Latest News U.S. Issues World’s First Fine for Mishandling Space Debris October 4, 2023 Comments Off on U.S. Issues World’s First Fine for Mishandling Space Debris WASHINGTON, DC, October 3, 2023 (ENS) – The Enforcement Bureau of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission Monday cracked down on the publicly traded Dish Network Corporation over the TV and technology company’s failure “to properly [...] Air/Climate Air/Climate UN Leader: ‘Our Climate is Imploding, Humanity Is to Blame’ March 1, 2024 Comments Off on UN Leader: ‘Our Climate is Imploding, Humanity Is to Blame’ NAIROBI, Kenya, March 1, 2024 (ENS) – On the final day of the sixth session of the UN Environment Assembly, UNEA-6, there was a supercharged mood on [...] Food Food Feeling Depressed? Put Down Those Ultra-processed Foods November 13, 2023 Comments Off on Feeling Depressed? Put Down Those Ultra-processed Foods BOSTON, Massachusetts, November 13, 2023 (ENS) – Everybody knows what ultraprocessed foods are – sweet snacks, ready-to-eat meals, fats and sauces, ice cream, savory snacks, cookies and chips, ham, [...] Land Use/Forests Land Use/Forests Weak South African Law Allows Mining in Protected Areas January 6, 2024 Comments Off on Weak South African Law Allows Mining in Protected Areas CAPE TOWN, South Africa, January 6, 2024 (ENS) – South Africa’s limited protected-area estate is increasingly coming under threat from mining. This is facilitated by an enabling regulatory environment [...] Toxics Latest News Toxics in Biosolids Fertilizer Prompt Texas Farmers’ Lawsuit February 23, 2024 Comments Off on Toxics in Biosolids Fertilizer Prompt Texas Farmers’ Lawsuit BALTIMORE, Maryland, February 23, 2024 (ENS) – A product liability lawsuit has been filed against a major manufacturer of biosolids-based fertilizer produced from sewage sludge. The lawsuit seeks compensation for [...] Water Latest News Bottled Water Comes With Zillions of Nanoplastic Fragments February 6, 2024 Comments Off on Bottled Water Comes With Zillions of Nanoplastic Fragments NEW YORK, New York, February 6, 2024 (ENS) – When we sip bottled water, we ingest not only water but hundreds of thousands of nanoplastic bits, scientists demonstrate in a [...] Business Business Global Environment Fund Gives $1B+ to Help Climate, Species February 9, 2024 Comments Off on Global Environment Fund Gives $1B+ to Help Climate, Species WASHINGTON, DC, February 9, 2024 (ENS) – The Global Environment Facility’s 186 member governments have agreed to invest $1.1 billion for international action on biodiversity, climate [...] Gov/Politics Gov/Politics USA, China Pledge Cooperation to Overcome Climate Crisis November 21, 2023 Comments Off on USA, China Pledge Cooperation to Overcome Climate Crisis WOODSIDE, California, November 20, 2023 (ENS) – President Joe Biden and China’s President Xi Jinping are long-time acquaintances, and despite recent tensions, their in-person talks on November 15 at the [...] Oceans Latest News WWII Munitions, DDT Remain on Southern California Seafloor January 7, 2024 Comments Off on WWII Munitions, DDT Remain on Southern California Seafloor SAN DIEGO, California, January 7, 2024 (ENS) – Tons of munitions, petrochemicals, chemicals from manufacturing the pesticide DDT, and other hazardous materials were dumped for decades in deep ocean basins [...] Transport Latest News European Union to Phase Out Heavy-Duty Diesel Trucks January 18, 2024 Comments Off on European Union to Phase Out Heavy-Duty Diesel Trucks BRUSSELS, Belgium, January 18, 2024 (ENS) – European lawmakers today agreed on emission targets for the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide (CO2) from heavy-duty vehicles that will phase out almost all sales of new diesel trucks [...] Wildlife Latest News Success and Tragedy Mark First Rhino Embryo Implant February 9, 2024 Comments Off on Success and Tragedy Mark First Rhino Embryo Implant BERLIN, Germany, February 8, 2024 (ENS) – For the first time, a rhinoceros has successfully become pregnant following embryo transfer. Although the surrogate mother rhino died before she could give birth to the transferred calf, [...] Top 25 By Date UK Ship Sunk By Houthis Leaking Oil, Could Spill Fertilizer March 2, 2024 Comments Off on UK Ship Sunk By Houthis Leaking Oil, Could Spill Fertilizer ADEN, Yemen, March 2, 2024 (ENS) – The UK-owned cargo ship Rubymar, attacked by Houthi militants in mid-February, finally sank in the Red Sea Friday night off the coast of Yemen in rough, stormy seas. [...] UN Leader: ‘Our Climate is Imploding, Humanity Is to Blame’ March 1, 2024 Comments Off on UN Leader: ‘Our Climate is Imploding, Humanity Is to Blame’ NAIROBI, Kenya, March 1, 2024 (ENS) – On the final day of the sixth session of the UN Environment Assembly, UNEA-6, there was a supercharged mood on the UNEP campus, only hours after delegates left [...] Toxics in Biosolids Fertilizer Prompt Texas Farmers’ Lawsuit February 23, 2024 Comments Off on Toxics in Biosolids Fertilizer Prompt Texas Farmers’ Lawsuit BALTIMORE, Maryland, February 23, 2024 (ENS) – A product liability lawsuit has been filed against a major manufacturer of biosolids-based fertilizer produced from sewage sludge. The lawsuit seeks compensation for damages caused by exposure to [...] COLORADO: Three New Bills Aim to Eliminate Ozone Pollution February 23, 2024 Comments Off on COLORADO: Three New Bills Aim to Eliminate Ozone Pollution DENVER, Colorado, February 23, 2024 (ENS) – Colorado’s Democratic state legislators rolled out an forceful group of three bills aimed at eliminating ozone pollution on the state’s Front Range, some of the worst in the [...] WISCONSIN: Didion Milling Exec +2 Imprisoned for Deadly Blast February 17, 2024 Comments Off on WISCONSIN: Didion Milling Exec +2 Imprisoned for Deadly Blast MADISON, Wisconsin, February 17, 2024 (ENS) – Six Didion Milling Inc. officials, including a corporate vice president and former food safety, environmental and operations managers, have been sentenced for their roles in a fatal explosion [...] Tobago Oil Spill Spreads Across Southeastern Caribbean Sea February 16, 2024 Comments Off on Tobago Oil Spill Spreads Across Southeastern Caribbean Sea PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad and Tobago, February 16, 2024 (ENS) – At least two vessels were involved in an incident that is spilling gobs of black crude oil across a widening area of the Caribbean [...] First Drug to Treat Severe Frostbite Approved in U.S. February 15, 2024 Comments Off on First Drug to Treat Severe Frostbite Approved in U.S. WASHINGTON, DC, February 15, 2024 (ENS) – The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug – an injection to treat severe frostbite in adults that reduces the risk of finger or toe, [...] Inaugural World Lidar Day Honors Remote Sensing Technology February 14, 2024 Comments Off on Inaugural World Lidar Day Honors Remote Sensing Technology DENVER, Colorado, February 14, 2024 (ENS) – It’s Geo Week in Denver, where one of the world’s largest geospatial conferences is underway. As part of the gathering, on February 12, a group of Lidar enthusiasts [...] Capsized Ship Spills Oil Onto Tobago’s Secluded Beaches February 12, 2024 Comments Off on Capsized Ship Spills Oil Onto Tobago’s Secluded Beaches SCARBOROUGH, Tobago, February 12, 2024 (ENS) – An abandoned vessel that capsized just 200 meters (656 feet) from the coast of Tobago’s new Cove Eco-Industrial Park has been leaking oil for days, and now some [...] Global Environment Fund Gives $1B+ to Help Climate, Species February 9, 2024 Comments Off on Global Environment Fund Gives $1B+ to Help Climate, Species WASHINGTON, DC, February 9, 2024 (ENS) – The Global Environment Facility’s 186 member governments have agreed to invest $1.1 billion for international action on biodiversity, climate change, nature renewal, and pollution control, during the GEF’s [...] Success and Tragedy Mark First Rhino Embryo Implant February 9, 2024 Comments Off on Success and Tragedy Mark First Rhino Embryo Implant BERLIN, Germany, February 8, 2024 (ENS) – For the first time, a rhinoceros has successfully become pregnant following embryo transfer. Although the surrogate mother rhino died before she could give birth to the transferred calf, [...] Bottled Water Comes With Zillions of Nanoplastic Fragments February 6, 2024 Comments Off on Bottled Water Comes With Zillions of Nanoplastic Fragments NEW YORK, New York, February 6, 2024 (ENS) – When we sip bottled water, we ingest not only water but hundreds of thousands of nanoplastic bits, scientists demonstrate in a newly published study in the [...] NEW YORK: First to Protect Birds, Bees From Neonic Pesticides January 30, 2024 Comments Off on NEW YORK: First to Protect Birds, Bees From Neonic Pesticides ALBANY, New York, January 30, 2024 (ENS) – New York Governor Kathy Hochul has signed into law first-in-the-nation legislation to protect birds and bees from toxic neonicotinoid pesticides used on outdoor ornamental plants and turfs, [...] Biden Pauses Export Approvals for U.S. Liquified Natural Gas January 26, 2024 Comments Off on Biden Pauses Export Approvals for U.S. Liquified Natural Gas WASHINGTON, DC, January 26, 2024 (ENS) – Today, the Biden-Harris Administration announced a temporary pause on pending decisions regarding exports of liquefied natural gas, LNG, to countries that do not have free trade agreements with [...] European Union to Phase Out Heavy-Duty Diesel Trucks January 18, 2024 Comments Off on European Union to Phase Out Heavy-Duty Diesel Trucks BRUSSELS, Belgium, January 18, 2024 (ENS) – European lawmakers today agreed on emission targets for the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide (CO2) from heavy-duty vehicles that will phase out almost all sales of new diesel trucks [...] Stormwater Violations by Solar Farm Builder Draw Big Fines January 17, 2024 Comments Off on Stormwater Violations by Solar Farm Builder Draw Big Fines SAN FRANCISCO, California, January 17, 2024 (ENS) – Swinerton Builders, a California-based builder of utility-scale solar farms nationwide, has agreed to pay a hefty $2.3 million penalty to settle allegations that through inadequate management of [...] Flooding Congo River Overwhelms Countries on Both Banks January 12, 2024 Comments Off on Flooding Congo River Overwhelms Countries on Both Banks KINSHASA, Democratic Republic of the Congo, January 12, 2024 (ENS) – After two months of heavy rain, the waters of the Congo River have risen higher than anyone has seen them in more than 60 [...] Electric School Buses Have Another Billion-Dollar Year January 9, 2024 Comments Off on Electric School Buses Have Another Billion-Dollar Year WASHINGTON, DC, January 9, 2024 (ENS) – Imagine waiting for the school bus – you’re trying to remember algebra for a test, you didn’t get much sleep because of your asthma, and the diesel school [...] WWII Munitions, DDT Remain on Southern California Seafloor January 7, 2024 Comments Off on WWII Munitions, DDT Remain on Southern California Seafloor SAN DIEGO, California, January 7, 2024 (ENS) – Tons of munitions, petrochemicals, chemicals from manufacturing the pesticide DDT, and other hazardous materials were dumped for decades in deep ocean basins off the coast of Los [...] Weak South African Law Allows Mining in Protected Areas January 6, 2024 Comments Off on Weak South African Law Allows Mining in Protected Areas CAPE TOWN, South Africa, January 6, 2024 (ENS) – South Africa’s limited protected-area estate is increasingly coming under threat from mining. This is facilitated by an enabling regulatory environment that permits mining and related activities [...] CALIFORNIA: Prosecutes Recycling Fraud Felonies Worth $12M January 5, 2024 Comments Off on CALIFORNIA: Prosecutes Recycling Fraud Felonies Worth $12M LOS ANGELES, California, January 5, 2024 (ENS) – California Attorney General Rob Bonta has announced the arrest of the head of a large-scale, multistate recycling fraud ring who stole $4.3 million from the California Recycling [...] Oil, Chemical Firms Pay Millions to Fix Portland Harbor December 31, 2023 Comments Off on Oil, Chemical Firms Pay Millions to Fix Portland Harbor PORTLAND, Oregon, December 31, 2023 (ENS) – People who eat fish that live year-round in Oregon’s Lower Willamette River are taking a big risk, as these fish contain levels of toxic polychlorinated biphenyls high enough [...] Cummins Fined Record $1.6B for RAM Emissions Defeat Devices December 31, 2023 Comments Off on Cummins Fined Record $1.6B for RAM Emissions Defeat Devices COLUMBUS, Indiana, December 31, 2023 (ENS) – Installing emissions defeat devices on hundreds of thousands of engines over the past decade will cost engine manufacturer Cummins Inc. $1.675 billion to settle claims that it violated [...] 2023: Earth’s Hottest Year December 30, 2023 Comments Off on 2023: Earth’s Hottest Year GENEVA, Switzerland, December 30, 2023 (ENS) – The year 2023 shattered climate records, delivered extreme weather, and left death, devastation and despair in its wake laments the World Meteorological Organization, which has pegged 2023 as [...] Interpol Links Wildlife Smuggling to Organized Crime Groups December 29, 2023 Comments Off on Interpol Links Wildlife Smuggling to Organized Crime Groups LYON, France, December 29, 2023 (ENS) – Rare live primates, pangolins, birds, and reptiles; body parts from endangered elephants, rhinos, and big cats as well as protected tropical hardwoods have been seized in a joint [...] WYOMING: Chronic Wasting Disease Kills 1st Deer in Yellowstone December 29, 2023 Comments Off on WYOMING: Chronic Wasting Disease Kills 1st Deer in Yellowstone MAMMOTH HOT SPRINGS, Wyoming, December 29, 2023 (ENS) – Yellowstone National Park and the Wyoming Game and Fish Department have confirmed the presence of chronic wasting disease, CWD, in the carcass of an adult mule [...] IDAHO: Execs Indicted for Firefighting Fuel Truck Wire Fraud December 19, 2023 Comments Off on IDAHO: Execs Indicted for Firefighting Fuel Truck Wire Fraud BOISE, Idaho, December 19, 2023 (ENS) – After a court-authorized wiretap investigation, a federal grand jury in Boise, Idaho, this week charged two executives of competing companies with conspiring to rig bids for forest firefighting [...] COLORADO: Court Rejects Cattlemen’s Attempt to Ban Wolves December 18, 2023 Comments Off on COLORADO: Court Rejects Cattlemen’s Attempt to Ban Wolves DENVER, Colorado, December 17, 2023 (ENS) – U.S. District Court Judge Regina Rodriguez has denied a request by the Colorado cattle industry to stop imminent wolf reintroductions into the state. Wolves are being reintroduced into [...] COP28 Deal ‘Beginning of the End’ of the Fossil Fuel Era December 13, 2023 Comments Off on COP28 Deal ‘Beginning of the End’ of the Fossil Fuel Era DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, December 13, 2023 – The 28th United Nations Climate Change Conference, COP28, concluded this afternoon with an unprecedented deal among nearly 200 Parties to the Paris Agreement that signals the “beginning [...] COP28: Last Scheduled Day Ends in Limbo December 12, 2023 Comments Off on COP28: Last Scheduled Day Ends in Limbo DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, December 12, 2023 (ENS) – It was nearly midnight on Tuesday, December 12 when all but the few tired delegates intimately involved in the high-stakes international climate talks left the COP28 [...] Recent Posts UK Ship Sunk By Houthis Leaking Oil, Could Spill Fertilizer UN Leader: ‘Our Climate is Imploding, Humanity Is to Blame’ Toxics in Biosolids Fertilizer Prompt Texas Farmers’ Lawsuit COLORADO: Three New Bills Aim to Eliminate Ozone Pollution WISCONSIN: Didion Milling Exec +2 Imprisoned for Deadly Blast © Environment News Service, 2023. All rights reserved. WP2Social Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com [Script active - words will be highlighted in this section] Quick and easy with no changes to your website How do I earn money with Infolinks?