Home | American Physiological Society Menu Welcome, ! Logout Login Donate Job Board Join Renew Search for: Membership & Community APS Membership Join APS Institutional Group Membership Renew My Membership Member Benefits Meet Our Members In Memoriam APS Fellows (FAPS) Living History of Physiology APS Communities Sections Interest Groups APS Chapters Committees Publications & News Journals Why Publish with APS? Collection Alerts Submit a Manuscript Access Journal Content Information for Authors About Publications APSselect Journal Advertising Books Newsroom The Physiologist Magazine Find Us on Social Media Professional Development Meetings & Events American Physiology Summit From Concept to Classroom Webinars Related Meetings Future APS Conferences Past APS Conferences Conference Policies Awards Researchers Educators Trainees Career & Professional Development Career Gateway Career Navigator Center for Physiology Education Job Board Mentoring APS Graduate Physiology & Biomedical Science Catalog Advocacy & Resources Policy Areas Federal Research Funding & Policy Animal Research Reducing Regulatory Burden The Effects of the Coronavirus on Physiology Data Management and Sharing Resources Researcher Resources Educator Resources Trainee Resources Student Resources APS Graduate Physiology & Biomedical Science Catalog Career Gateway Diversity, Equity & Inclusion DEI Resources Values, Policies & Statements Advocacy About APS Welcome to APS APS Staff Directory History & Founders Partner With Us Values & Policies Work at APS APS Governance APS Council Governance Structure Strategic Plan Bylaws Past Presidents What You Need to Know about the Nominating Committee and the Nominations Process From heart disease to acute injury, breaking down boundaries between pulmonology and cardiology. Learn about Wolfgang’s Research Wolfgang M. Kuebler, MD, FAPS Institute of Physiology at Charité–Universitätsmedizin Berlin APS Member since 1999 Helping patients with traumatic spinal cord injuries regain movements they lost. Learn about Monica’s Research Monica Perez, PT, PhD Shirley Ryan Ability Lab APS Member since 2016 Discovering new hormones to treat Type 1 diabetes, preeclampsia and chronic pain. Learn about Rick’s Research Willis K. “Rick” Samson, PhD, FAPS Saint Louis University APS Member since 1983 Making an art out of science in the search for a cure for a rare disease. Learn about Usha’s Research Usha Raj, MD, MHA, FAPS University of Illinois at Chicago APS Member since 1986 Career Gateway Professional development for every step of your career journey. Round out your professional skill set with curated resources geared to help researchers, educators and trainees advance in their careers. Center for Physiology Education Promoting Excellence in Teaching Physiology Visit the APS Center for Physiology Education for the skills and support to enhance your modern classroom. The Physiologist Magazine Smart, complex, interesting, talented and so much more… APS members are fascinating, and not just because of the work they do. Our new magazine shines the spotlight on you. Read the latest issue. American Physiology Summit #APS2024 The next Summit will be held April 4–7, 2024, in Long Beach, California. Explore the meeting overview and prepare to register on December 11, 2023. APS Hubs for Section, Committee & Interest Groups Our members-only Hubs present the latest news and information on initiatives powered by APS Sections, Interest Groups and Committees. Log in to your personalized My APS dashboard to access the Hubs today. A Community of DiscoveryAPS members work at the frontiers of science to advance our understanding of life and health. Their efforts are leading to treatments for the deadliest and most debilitating diseases affecting humans and enhancing our understanding of topics like genetics, neuroscience, obesity and sex differences. You can be part of this vibrant community.Discover the Value of APS Membership Physiology in the News American Physiological Society to Launch Subscribe to Open Model for Research Journals February 23, 2024 Diesel Exhaust May Harm Immune System, Trigger Inflammation February 21, 2024 Heat Stress May Affect the Muscles for Longer Than We Think February 13, 2024 Elite Athletic Events May Not Be Out of Reach for Recreational Athletes January 30, 2024 Bariatric Surgery Triggers ‘Substantial’ Weight Loss, Improves Lung Function January 23, 2024 Nose Breathing Lowers Blood Pressure, May Help Reduce Risk Factors for Heart Disease January 17, 2024 More APS News Explore the APS Family of JournalsAPS journals (16) serve a committed community of investigators by providing a home for important physiology research. We deliver a robust and fair publishing process that is managed by working scientists. View All Back to Top ContactContact APSTestimonials NewsNews & Other Media PoliciesValues, Policies & StatementsReport MisconductConflict of InterestPrivacy Policy Our SitesAmerican Physiological SocietyJournals.physiology.orgI Spy Physiology Blog 6120 Executive Boulevard, Suite 575Rockville, MD 20852-9839Phone: +1 844.526.1700Fax: +1 240.366.1138 APS on social media: Copyright © 2024 American Physiological SocietyPrivacy PolicySite Map This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Privacy Policy OK