Small Business News, Tips, Advice - Small Business Trends Small Business Trends Start a Business Business Ideas Buy or Sell a Business Franchise Legal Structure How to Start Run a Business Operations Management Staffing Insurance Small Business Essentials Marketing Marketing 101 Marketing Tips Social Media Local Marketing Sales Money Loans Grants Taxes Accounting Finance Calculators Life Success Stories Interviews Wellness Business Books Motivational Quotes Humor Tech Software and Apps Hardware and Gadgets Product Reviews Technology Trends Headlines News Small Biz in 15 Small Business Events Events Calendar Statistics More Small Business Courses Office Product Deals Resources Webinars Industries Search Trending: Women Entrepreneurs Crowdfunding Home Improvement Contracting Business Farming Business About Us | Advertise March 5, 2024 Small Business News Small Business Grants with a March Deadline March 4, 2024 Could You Really Comeback from This Much Failure? March 4, 2024 Former Tax Preparer Pleads Guilty to Preparing False Tax Returns March 4, 2024 Capital One to Acquire Discover March 3, 2024 Grow Your Company at MIAMI’S SMALL BUSINESS EXPO March 2, 2024 L’Oreal Launches Grant to Support Small Beauty Brands March 2, 2024 IRS Holds Interest Rates Steady for Q2 2024 March 2, 2024 In the News: Up To $50,000 in Grants For Storefront Renovations and More March 1, 2024 Adobe Integrates Generative AI into PDFs March 1, 2024 More News >> Featured Bridging The Growing Divide Between Employers And Their Valued Employees: Here’s How To Do It Right The 60 Best Passive Income Ideas to Build Your Wealth How to Create Business Plan: Examples & Free Template Small Business Deals Latest Small Business Advice What Is a W4 Tax Form, and Do You Need to File One? March 4, 2024 10 Ecommerce Sales Tax Software Packages for Your Business March 4, 2024 25 Resale Sites like Poshmark to Elevate Your Business Game March 4, 2024 FICA Tax in 2023-2024: What Small Businesses Need to Know March 4, 2024 What Is the Qualified Business Income Deduction (QBI), and Can You Claim It? March 4, 2024 The Best Electronic Signature Apps for Small Businesses March 4, 2024 « Previous Next » Stay Up to Date Subscribe to our weekly newsletter packed with the latest in small business. Submit We respect your privacy. Small Business Ideas 55 Fashion Business Ideas for Aspiring Entrepreneurs 50 Video Production Business Ideas 50 Working with Kids Business Ideas More Business Ideas >> Popular Small Business Articles The Ultimate Guide to Online Sales Tax (2023) What is the Best Local Selling App? The 100 Best Things to Make and Sell from Home 55 Amazing Home Based Business Ideas to Consider What Makes a Good Salesperson: Uncovering the Qualities of Successful Salespeople 10 Business Apology Letter Examples Small Business Guides Start Information and Resources to Start Your Business How to Start a Business 40 Small Business Ideas What is the Easiest Business to Start? Franchise Guide 20 Low Cost Businesses to Start for $100 Tips and Tools for Great Business Names A 30 Point Checklist for Your Startup More Startup >> Run Guidance to Operate Your Small Business Effectively Top 25 Small Business Tax Deductions 20 Ways to Communicate Better at Work 10 Business Apology Letter Examples Small Business Loan Guide Change a Sole Proprietorship to an LLC What Makes a Good Salesperson? Advantages and Disadvantages of Outsourcing More Operations >> Grow Tips and Advice to Grow Your Business Successfully 50 Small Business Advertising Ideas List of National Holidays for Marketing 101 Public Relations Strategies Small Business Advertising Guide Psychology of Colors in Marketing Popular Social Media Sites 9 Things You MUST Do to Grow Your Business More Growth >> Key Small Business Resources Small Business Statistics Small Business Events Expert Interviews Webinars and Video Events Buy or Sell a Business Startup Calculator Net Worth Calculator Business Loan Calculator Savings Calculator Social Media Calculator A Little About Us Small Business Trends is the online spot for small business owners and entrepreneurs. Started in 2003 by experienced businesswoman Anita Campbell, who has built several successful businesses, it’s grown into a go-to hub packed with insights, advice, news, and real stories about small businesses. It’s a vibrant empowering place that millions of small business people depend on each month. What sets Small Business Trends apart is its grounded, experienced team and intense small-business focus. We are immersed in the small business life, bringing authenticity and a depth of understanding to articles. Our experienced journalists and small business experts are dedicated to creating original, high-caliber news and content, ensuring high-quality and trustworthy information. This personal touch and dedication makes the site more than just a news source; it’s like having a knowledgeable friend who is always on hand with the latest scoop and smart tips. Small Business Trends Small Business Trends is an award-winning online publication for small business owners, entrepreneurs and the people who interact with them. Our mission is to bring you "Small business success … delivered daily." More Motivational Quotes Small Business News Cartoon Gallery Small Business Spotlight Contact Advertise Contact Us Support Privacy Policy Terms About Company Media Kit Editorial Calendar Resource Center Site Map Newsletter Our Other Site BizSugar Facebook Twitter Linked In Pinterest YouTube Flipboard RSS © Copyright 2003 - 2024, Small Business Trends LLC. All rights reserved. "Small Business Trends" is a registered trademark. x x