International IDEA Skip to main content Search Text size A 100% A 150% A 200% Language: English English Spanish Main navigation Home About us About us Governance Our People Careers Partners Donors Procurement & Tenders Annual Reports Governance login What we do Where we work Contact Contact Media Resources Whistleblower Network Explore Find our Publications, Data & Tools, News and much more via the ‘Explore’ menu. Menu Close Main navigation Home About us About us Governance Our People Careers Partners Donors Procurement & Tenders Annual Reports Governance login What we do Where we work Contact Contact Media Resources Whistleblower Network Explore menu Publications Data & Tools Regions Asia & the Pacific Africa & West Asia Europe Latin America & the Caribbean North America Projects & Initiatives Projects Initiatives News & Events Overview News Events Podcasts Videos Newsletters Blogs Press Releases Media resources Search Language English Spanish Font size 100% 150% 200% Explore The Global State of Democracy 2023 Report today! Read more Read our Annual Review 2022 Explore The Global State of Democracy 2023 Report Read our Institutional Strategy Explore the 2024 Global Elections SuperCycle Credit: Visual Rebellion project (Myanmar) What we do International IDEA is an intergovernmental organization (IGO) with a mandate to support sustainable democracy worldwide. Climate Change and Democracy Constitution-Building and the Rule of Law Democracy Assessment Digitalization and Democracy Electoral Processes Gender and Inclusion Money in Politics Political Participation and Representation The Global State of Democracy (GSoD) Visit our GSoD site to learn about our Democracy Tracker. Where we work We work with local communities, democracy practitioners and partner organizations all over the world. We have a global reach with offices in 20 countries. Our headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden. Activity & Reach Member States Show by theme All International IDEA's offices Active projects and programs Support activities Reach Member States Observer What's new February 29, 2024 Gender equality: driver and objective to electoral integrity Ensuring electoral integrity is not only about protecting elections from negative occurrences, but also about upholding fundamental principles of gender equality. Discrimination and unequal representation within electoral systems can perpetuate ... gender equality March 05, 2024 Gender takes center stage in Luxembourg’s Chairship of International IDEA gender equality March 05, 2024 Gender Equality as a Pact for the Future Summit of the Future March 01, 2024 Empowering Indigenous women is a must – Indigenous Champions speak ahead of IWD 2024 Indigenous Peoples Philippines 08 Mar 24 Virtual Presentation on topline WPP barometer findings and how It's inspiring inclusion gender equality All news All events All publications All Databases & Tools All podcasts Initiatives Our initiatives offer a fresh approach to the pressing issues faced by democracy. The 2024 Global Elections SuperCycle Russia's War Against Ukraine Supporting the Summits for Democracy Global Democracy Coalition Stories of Democracy - An Oral History Project View all initiatives Projects Protecting Elections Women in Political Participation Support to Parliament of Bhutan and Civil Society Organisations To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness View all projects The 2024 Global Elections SuperCycle Russia's War Against Ukraine Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been a humanitarian disaster. It has also presented unprecedented challenges for a functioning government, ranging from the destruction of infrastructure to displacement and loss of staff. Supporting the Summits for Democracy International IDEA views the Summits for Democracy as strategic opportunities to place democracy at the front and center of the global agenda. Global Democracy Coalition The Global Democracy Coalition was formed in 2021, convened by International IDEA and other democracy organizations from around the world to advance and protect democracy worldwide and to influence the Summits for Democracy. Stories of Democracy - An Oral History Project This archive is an initial multimedia presentation of personal experiences during founding and transitional elections through a project under development, the Stories of Democracy Project. While it is recognized that some of the countries featured in the stories are currently experiencing challenges in governance, the stories describe a time when democracy held promise for them and an aspiration which they can re-achieve. Stories of Democracy is a collaborative project by International IDEA and Georgetown University's Democracy and Governance Program. Protecting Elections Inspired by our work on electoral risk management, democracy resilience, and conduct of elections during emergencies and crises, International IDEA will develop an Integrated Framework for Protecting Elections that promote the use of risk management, resilience-building, and crisis management methods. Women in Political Participation Women in Political Participation (WPP) is a Pan-African gender project on the different facets of Women and Politics in Africa. Support to Parliament of Bhutan and Civil Society Organisations Project ‘Nyamdrel' seeks to foster engagement between the Parliament of Bhutan and the CSOs to help strengthen participation in parliamentary businesses such as in the legislative and oversight processes. To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness In the context of the preparations for the regional and municipal elections in 2022 in Peru, a cycle of seven plays was organised under the title "To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness", a production of International IDEA, USAID and the Place of Memory, Tolerance and Social Inclusion (LUM, in Spanish). Initiatives The 2024 Global Elections SuperCycle Russia's War Against Ukraine Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been a humanitarian disaster. It has also presented unprecedented challenges ... Supporting the Summits for Democracy International IDEA views the Summits for Democracy as strategic opportunities to place democracy at the ... Global Democracy Coalition The Global Democracy Coalition was formed in 2021, convened by International IDEA and other democracy ... Stories of Democracy - An Oral History Project This archive is an initial multimedia presentation of personal experiences during founding and transitional elections ... View all initiatives Projects Protecting Elections Inspired by our work on electoral risk management, democracy resilience, and conduct of elections during emergencies and crises, International IDEA will develop an Integrated Framework for Protecting Elections that promote the use of risk management, resilience-building, and crisis management methods. Women in Political Participation Women in Political Participation (WPP) is a Pan-African gender project on the different facets of Women and Politics in Africa. Support to Parliament of Bhutan and Civil Society Organisations Project ‘Nyamdrel' seeks to foster engagement between the Parliament of Bhutan and the CSOs to help strengthen participation in parliamentary businesses such as in the legislative and oversight processes. To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness In the context of the preparations for the regional and municipal elections in 2022 in Peru, a cycle of seven plays was organised under the title "To meet each other: Dialogues and Otherness", a production of International IDEA, USAID and the Place of Memory, Tolerance and Social Inclusion (LUM, in Spanish). View all projects About International IDEA International IDEA was established as an international intergovernmental organization by 14 founding Members at a conference held in Stockholm on 27 February 1995. Since then, we have influenced the landscape of democracy and electoral processes across the world. More about us Knowledge We produce and disseminate comparative knowledge, policy-relevant analysis, tools, communication products and data. Capacity Development We provide high-quality capacity development and training on democracy-building and reform processes. Convening As an impartial and trusted democracy assistance provider, we facilitate dialogues on democratic reform. Advocacy We protect and safeguard democracy when it is challenged by undemocratic and authoritarian forces. Working with us Our funding and other types of contributions come from our Member States and other financial partners. Become our partner and learn more about how we can jointly undertake actions in Value for Partnership. Contact us Whistleblower networkWe believe in the power of truth and transparency. This platform provides a safe space for individuals to speak out against wrongdoing. Your information will be handled with utmost confidentiality, ensuring your safety and security.Report a concern Follow us Facebook X Youtube LinkedIn Instagram RSS Feed All our channels Get the best of International IDEA Subscribe to our newsletter Yes, please! Need Help? Contact us International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance (International IDEA) Postal Address:Strömsborgsbron 1 SE-103 34 StockholmSweden Phone +46 8 698 37 00 Footer menu Home About us What we do Where we work Publications Data & Tools Projects Initiatives News & events Media resources Contact © 2024 International IDEA. All Rights Reserved Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Cookie Notice Our Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy have changed. Please read them to understand your rights and obligations, including how you can use our resources. By continuing to use this site, without changing your settings, you are indicating that you accept this policy. Accept all cookies Set Preferences Explore Close Explore menu Publications Data & Tools Regions Asia & the Pacific Africa & West Asia Europe Latin America & the Caribbean North America Projects & Initiatives Projects Initiatives News & Events Overview News Events Podcasts Videos Newsletters Blogs Press Releases Media resources Search en We have a new look! If you are looking for The International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance (International IDEA), you are on the correct page. Explore our website and view our new Institutional Strategy page.