Thames & Hudson | Beautiful illustrated books JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. EU shipping is temporarily suspended My Wish List My Account 0 Your Basket Search Books Sign up to our newsletter for 20% off your first purchase. , Subscribe to our newsletter This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. All Books British Museum Books V&A Books World of Art Catwalk Art Essentials The Illustrators The Big Book series If I had a… series Browse by Subject Advertising & Business Ancient History & Archaeology Art Architecture & Landscape Design Biography & Literature Children's Craft, Practical Arts & Hobbies Design Fashion & Jewelry General History Languages Lifestyle Mythology, Philosophy & Religion Natural History & Science Photography Popular Culture Features Sign up to our newsletter for 20% off your first purchase. , Subscribe to our newsletter This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. All News Author Interviews Features Podcasts Videos All Events Authors About Us Search Bold Books for Women’s History Month Browse the full list on Bookshop.org Bold Books for Women’s History Month Browse the full list on Bookshop.org New releases In the Beginning: Anselm Kiefer & Photography Jean de Loisy, Sebastien Delot, Heiner Bastian, Christian Weikop £35.00 System Process Form Type as Algorithm Paul McNeil, Hamish Muir £75.00 Sheer: Yves Saint Laurent The Diaphanous Creations of Yves Saint Laurent Émilile Hammen, Shazia Boucher, Domitille Éble, Judith Lamas, Alice Coulon-Saillard, Sophie Henwood, Anne-Claire Laronde £35.00 Virginia Woolf Alexandra Harris £12.99 + Features Marking 75 years of Thames & Hudson Announcing a celebratory publishing programme, international promotions and events, and a new Book Design Prize. Podcasts Podcast: Collaboration: A Potential History of Photography This unmissable episode takes on the vast history of photography, unpacking the myth of single creatorship, and exploring the many complex relationships at play in image-making. Author Interviews 'Hope is best expressed in colour': Joel Meyerowitz on the power of colour photography We sit down with legendary photographer Joel Meyerowitz to explore his foundational work with colour. Features A book unlike any other: The making of An Atlas of Es Devlin 'An Atlas of Es Devlin' has sold out in record time and is currently reprinting. Here, Thames & Hudson Production Controller Julie Bosser takes us behind the scenes, showing what it takes to pull off this ‘tour de force of bookmaking’ – and why it's worth every second. Podcasts Podcast: Splendour, water, and light: The immense art history of Venice In this episode, art critic Martin Gayford takes us on a breathtaking journey through five centuries of art history in Venice, exploring masterpieces of the Italian Renaissance, Peggy Guggenheim’s palazzo, the kaleidoscopic Venice Biennale and more. Features ‘Renaissance eyes are fixed on this life’: The defining truths of Renaissance art In this extract from ‘Earthly Delights’, Jonathan Jones delves into the worlds of Da Vinci, Michelangelo, Botticelli and more, exploring how the Renaissance created ‘a new way of experiencing the world.’ Follow Us Sign up to our newsletter for 20% off your first purchase. , Subscribe to our newsletter This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Explore Thames & Hudson About Us Careers Thames & Hudson USA Thames & Hudson Australia & New Zealand Thames & Hudson France Sustainability Statement Modern Slavery Statement Contact Us Key Contacts Legal and Business Affairs Getting Published Trade Customers UK Sales Contacts International Sales Contacts How to Order Trade Catalogues Useful Links Shipping & Delivery Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions of Use Terms & Conditions of Sale Thames & Hudson Ltd Defined Benefit Pension Scheme Thames & Hudson Award for Book Design: Terms & Conditions © Thames & Hudson 2020 Back to Top