PS - The World's Opinion Page - Project Syndicate Skip to main content Access provided by Project Syndicate - Back to home Newsletters Subscribe Log in Menu Latest Economics Politics Subscriber Exclusive PS Quarterly Columnists Access provided by Sustainability Development Israel-Hamas AI Ukraine Culture Africa Democracy Crypto Elections PS - The World's Opinion Page To celebrate International Women’s Day, Project Syndicate is highlighting a selection of insightful commentaries on the world’s most pressing challenges, written by female contributors. Click here to read. What’s Behind the US Stock-Market Disconnect? Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images Economics 0 What’s Behind the US Stock-Market Disconnect? Kenneth Rogoff Buoyed by the artificial-intelligence boom, the US stock market is breaking records with no apparent end in sight. But given the significant challenges and uncertainties facing the American economy regardless of who occupies the White House in 2025, there is little reason to believe that the current rally can last. warns that investors are underestimating the severity of the threat to American democracy. Is Nuclear Proliferation Back? TEH ENG KOON/AFP via Getty Images Politics 0 Is Nuclear Proliferation Back? Joseph S. Nye, Jr. Notwithstanding justified concerns about aspiring nuclear powers such as Iran, it is worth remembering that there still are only nine countries with nuclear weapons, far less than the two dozen that John F. Kennedy predicted there would be by the 1970s. When nuclear non-proliferation is prioritized, it works. considers lessons from his own work on preventing the spread of the technology in the 1970s. When Women Win, the World Wins LOUISA GOULIAMAKI/X07402/AFP via Getty Images Economics 0 When Women Win, the World Wins Indermit Gill & Tea Trumbic share new findings suggesting that some of the progress made toward gender equality has been overestimated. Further reading Céline Bessière, et al. The Hidden Gender Wealth Gap Alexei Navalny Did Not Die for Nothing Vano Shlamov/AFP via Getty Images Politics 0 Alexei Navalny Did Not Die for Nothing Ian Buruma highlights the crucial role of political martyrs in inspiring resistance to oppressive regimes. Further reading Nina L. Khrushcheva The Lonesome Death of Alexei Navalny Central Banks Need to Be Honest About Their Losses Thomas Lohnes/Getty Images Economics 0 Central Banks Need to Be Honest About Their Losses Willem H. Buiter criticizes the European Central Bank and US Federal Reserve's accounting tricks. Further reading Lucrezia Reichlin The New Normal for Central Banks Carbon Credits Hold the Key to Combating Deforestation NIPAH DENNIS/AFP via Getty Images Sustainability Now 0 Carbon Credits Hold the Key to Combating Deforestation Roselyn Fosuah Adjei explains how nature-based offsets could help reduce emissions and benefit local communities. Further reading Lorenzo Bernasconi Putting a Price on Rainforests What Does Trump Mean for the Climate? Mark Felix/AFP via Getty Images Sustainability Now 0 What Does Trump Mean for the Climate? Gernot Wagner doubts that a change of power in the United States would derail the long-term trends that really matter. Further reading Emma FitzGerald Matchmakers for the Green Transition The Case for a European Public-Goods Fund Artur Widak/NurPhoto via Getty Images Economics 0 The Case for a European Public-Goods Fund Age Bakker, et al. propose a new financing tool to support green and digital investments across the European Union. Further reading Marco Buti, et al. Lessons from the Euro’s First 25 Years Making Bretton Woods Work for Africa Sean Gallup/Getty Images Longer Reads 0 Making Bretton Woods Work for Africa Hippolyte Fofack envisions a reformed global financial architecture that provides equal access to long-term patient capital. Further reading Hippolyte Fofack Africa Needs an Entrepreneurial Boom Subscribe to PS Digital Subscribe to PS Digital Access every new PS commentary, our entire On Point suite of subscriber-exclusive content – including Longer Reads, Insider Interviews, Big Picture/Big Question, and Say More – and the full PS archive. Subscribe Now A Global Cash-Transfer Fund Could End Extreme Poverty A Global Cash-Transfer Fund Could End Extreme Poverty Cina Lawson & Rory Stewart show that the conditions are ripe for deploying lump-sum payments to the world’s poorest people. The Algorithm and Its Discontents The Algorithm and Its Discontents Mariana Mazzucato & Ilan Strauss propose five principles to ensure that the digital economy serves the public good before short-term profit. Shock Therapy Killed Navalny Shock Therapy Killed Navalny Antara Haldar argues that while Vladimir Putin bears responsibility, so do the economic policies that put him in power. Making Sense of Society Making Sense of Society Michael Spence considers why a healthy civil society is crucial to good governance and inclusive prosperity. Introductory Offer Subscribe now to gain greater access to Project Syndicate starting at less than $5 per month. Subscribe Now Upgrade Your Subscription Latest Nina L. Khrushcheva on Navalny, Putin, Russian elections, and more Nina L. Khrushcheva on Navalny, Putin, Russian elections, and more Mar 5, 2024 Nina L. Khrushcheva argues that seizing Russia’s central-bank assets would harm the West’s international reputation, highlights cracks in the Russian regime, calls warnings that Vladimir Putin plans to invade NATO irresponsible, and more. Central Banks Need to Be Honest About Their Losses Thomas Lohnes/Getty Images Central Banks Need to Be Honest About Their Losses Mar 5, 2024 Willem H. Buiter criticizes the European Central Bank and US Federal Reserve's accounting tricks. Is Nuclear Proliferation Back? TEH ENG KOON/AFP via Getty Images Is Nuclear Proliferation Back? Mar 5, 2024 Joseph S. Nye, Jr. considers lessons from his own work on preventing the spread of the technology in the 1970s. When Women Win, the World Wins LOUISA GOULIAMAKI/X07402/AFP via Getty Images When Women Win, the World Wins Mar 4, 2024 Indermit Gill & Tea Trumbic share new findings suggesting that some of the progress made toward gender equality has been overestimated. The Case for a European Public-Goods Fund Artur Widak/NurPhoto via Getty Images The Case for a European Public-Goods Fund Mar 4, 2024 Age Bakker, et al. propose a new financing tool to support green and digital investments across the European Union. Trending How America’s CHIPS Act Hurts Taiwan How America’s CHIPS Act Hurts Taiwan Feb 26, 2024 Chang-Tai Hsieh, et al. worry that US inducements are luring the world’s top semiconductor manufacturer down a dead end. Will the US Economy Drive Global Growth this Year? Will the US Economy Drive Global Growth this Year? Feb 26, 2024 Mohamed A. El-Erian explains why economists and investors are far too optimistic about America’s near-term prospects. Europe and the World Need Ukraine to Prevail Europe and the World Need Ukraine to Prevail Feb 21, 2024 Dmytro Kuleba & Josep Borrell remind everyone of the stakes in Russia's war of aggression, as it enters its third year. Shock Therapy Killed Navalny Shock Therapy Killed Navalny Feb 29, 2024 Antara Haldar argues that while Vladimir Putin bears responsibility, so do the economic policies that put him in power. Rethinking Inequality in Latin America Rethinking Inequality in Latin America Feb 20, 2024 Ana María Ibáñez highlights new research showing that the problem is neither as predictable nor as static as many believe. OnPoint Subscriber Exclusive OnPoint is our suite of subscriber-exclusive content. Get long-read commentaries, thematic deep dives, interviews with world leaders, and much more. Learn more. Subscribe View all Nina L. Khrushcheva on Navalny, Putin, Russian elections, and more Say More 0 Nina L. Khrushcheva on Navalny, Putin, Russian elections, and more Nina L. Khrushcheva argues that seizing Russia’s central-bank assets would harm the West’s international reputation, highlights cracks in the Russian regime, calls warnings that Vladimir Putin plans to invade NATO irresponsible, and more. Making Bretton Woods Work for Africa Sean Gallup/Getty Images Longer Reads 0 Making Bretton Woods Work for Africa Hippolyte Fofack envisions a reformed global financial architecture that provides equal access to long-term patient capital. The War for the West Manu Reino/DeFodi Images via Getty Images Insider Interview 2 The War for the West Ivan Krastev interviewed by Sławomir Sierakowski about the conflict in Ukraine and the challenges facing Western democracies in a changing world. Further reading Adam Michnik interviewed by Irena Grudzińska Gross The Redemocratization of Poland Which AI Risks Matter? BlackJack3D/Getty Images Longer Reads 1 Which AI Risks Matter? Edoardo Campanella considers three leading experts’ assessments of the technology’s future capabilities and their implications. Further reading Nouriel Roubini Artificial Intelligence vs. Human Stupidity Tim O'Reilly on AI development, regulation, copyright lawsuits, and more Say More 1 Tim O'Reilly on AI development, regulation, copyright lawsuits, and more Tim O'Reilly shows how the imperatives of modern capitalism impede the development of broadly beneficial artificial intelligence, criticizes prevailing regulatory approaches to data privacy, considers how Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos went from value-creators to value-extractors, and more. What Was Capitalism? Polinmr/Getty Images Longer Reads 3 What Was Capitalism? James Livingston asks whether those at the commanding heights of today's economy are steering us toward feudalism or fatuousness. Further reading Jeremy Adelman The Two Faces of Neoliberalism The Year Ahead 2024 Around the world, foreign-policy strategists are grappling with new international dynamics, from the Sino-American rivalry and ongoing hot wars to the broader breakdown in multilateral global governance. However, there is much debate about whether global power and alignments are truly shifting, and in what ways. Michael Ignatieff Making or Breaking Democracy Beata Javorcik The Great Fragmentation Mark Malloch-Brown The Outlook for Multilateralism in 2024 Sri Mulyani Indrawati Restoring Trust in Global Leadership Learn more Sustainability Now Sustainability Now brings together leading voices in all of the domains involved in combating climate change, each addressing specific facets of the challenge. Sustainability Now is brought to you in part by: View all To Fight Climate Change, End Fossil-Fuel Subsidies Sean Gallup/Getty Images Sustainability Now 1 To Fight Climate Change, End Fossil-Fuel Subsidies Günther Thallinger & Ludovic Subran urge policymakers to recognize the true costs of a policy that harms the planet and does not help the poor. Catalytic Capital Holds the Key to Southeast Asia’s Green Transition NHAC NGUYEN/AFP via Getty Images Sustainability Now 0 Catalytic Capital Holds the Key to Southeast Asia’s Green Transition Kitty Bu & Stefanie Fairholme highlight the potential role of early-stage funding in advancing the region’s decarbonization efforts. Further reading Masatsugu Asakawa, et al. Asia's Emissions-Reduction Plan for the World The Case for Mission-Driven Climate Finance Mario Tama/Getty Images Sustainability Now 0 The Case for Mission-Driven Climate Finance Bogolo Kenewendo argues that Africa has the ideas, ambition, and capacity to implement green solutions – just not the funding. Further reading Lia Tadesse Financing Family Planning in Low-Income Countries Opinion that Moves Economics & Finance Willem H. Buiter Central Banks Need to Be Honest About Their Losses Indermit Gill, et al. When Women Win, the World Wins Age Bakker, et al. The Case for a European Public-Goods Fund Kenneth Rogoff What’s Behind the US Stock-Market Disconnect? Politics & World Affairs Joseph S. Nye, Jr. Is Nuclear Proliferation Back? Ian Buruma Alexei Navalny Did Not Die for Nothing Antara Haldar Shock Therapy Killed Navalny Nicholas Reed Langen Judgment Days for Democracy Smart Development Junaid Nabi How AI Could Reshape Medicine Gordon Brown Empowering the Pandemic Accord Tom Achoki What Corporations Need to Know About Public Health Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, et al. Strengthening Africa’s Community Health Programs Sustainability Now Gernot Wagner What Does Trump Mean for the Climate? Roselyn Fosuah Adjei Carbon Credits Hold the Key to Combating Deforestation Günther Thallinger, et al. To Fight Climate Change, End Fossil-Fuel Subsidies Kitty Bu, et al. Catalytic Capital Holds the Key to Southeast Asia’s Green Transition Innovation & Technology Mariana Mazzucato, et al. The Algorithm and Its Discontents Josh Burek Is Blockchain Ready for Primetime? S. Alex Yang, et al. The Case for Regulating Generative AI Through Common Law Bertrand Badré, et al. How to Democratize AI Culture & Society Michael Spence Making Sense of Society Natalie Dunleavy Campbell, et al. The US Is Jeopardizing the Open Internet Célestin Monga How to Finance Higher Education in Africa Peter Singer The Competitive Edge of Doing Good The African Century Africa’s economic rise is a world-changing development, but the sources of its emerging strength – and lingering weaknesses – are little understood. W… Roselyn Fosuah Adjei Carbon Credits Hold the Key to Combating Deforestation Hippolyte Fofack Making Bretton Woods Work for Africa Rabah Arezki Africa’s Shifting Economic Paradigm Press Released Today’s media landscape is littered with landmines: open hostility from illiberal and autocratic regimes, mounting censorship in countries such as Hungary, Turkey,… Natalie Dunleavy Campbell, et al. The US Is Jeopardizing the Open Internet Mark Esposito, et al. The Threat of Persuasive AI Karina Montoya The Google Trial’s Dangerous Secrecy The COVID-19 Crisis As the COVID-19 crisis escalates, PS commentators assess its implications for the economy, propose policy responses, and consider what might – and sho… Gordon Brown Empowering the Pandemic Accord Ann Lindstrand, et al. Lessons from Lower-Income Countries’ COVID-19 Vaccination Efforts Peter Sands Pandemic or Not, Medical Oxygen Remains Essential Support Project Syndicate Subscribe Upgrade Donate Get our weekly newsletter Make your inbox smarter. Select Newsletters Content PS Quarterly Sections Topics Archive Columnists Videos Podcasts Subscriber Exclusive OnPoint Longer Reads Insider Interviews Say More Big Picture Global Bookmark Rewards Project Syndicate About Us Contact Careers FAQ Submission policy Newsletters Member Publications Network Syndication PS Magazines PS Events Institutions Corporate © Project Syndicate - 2024 | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Cookie Policy Sections Latest Economics Politics Development Sustainability Culture Innovation More Topics Columnists Videos Podcasts Subscriber Exclusive OnPoint Longer Reads Insider Interviews Say More Big Picture Global Bookmark PS Quarterly Project Syndicate FAQ Subscribe Donate Rewards About Us Syndication Member Publications ✕ Log in/Register Please log in or register to continue. Registration is free and requires only your email address. Log in Register Email required Password required Remember me? Please enter your email address and click on the reset-password button. If your email exists in our system, we'll send you an email with a link to reset your password. Please note that the link will expire twenty-four hours after the email is sent. If you can't find this email, please check your spam folder. Reset Password Cancel Email required She Writes newsletter Promotional emails By proceeding, you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions. or Sign in with Facebook Google Microsoft Twitter Your Institution