Massey University of New Zealand - Te Kunenga Ki Pūrehuroa - Massey University You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. We use cookies to help us understand how you use our website so we can improve your experience. Visit our Website Privacy Statement or our cookies page. I understand Skip to content Main navigation menu Study / Ako Student life / Te oranga tauira Research / Rangahau About / Kaupapa matua Search / Rapu Māori @ Massey International students Library Student & staff portal Stream Māori @ Massey International students Library Student & staff portal Stream Study , Ako Student life , Te oranga tauira Research , Rangahau About , Kaupapa matua Search , Rapu That moment you steal a moment , Tērā pao a te tōrea We offer flexible study options that give you the freedom to pursue your dreams without sacrificing other important commitments. Study with us in 2024 Get advice Need advice? Explore the variety of support services available to students. Upcoming events Find out what's happening on campus and online at Massey. Study online or on campus Study with us from anywhere. Apply now Nau mai, haere mai ki Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa , Welcome to Massey University Go straight to Massey University Library Stream Online Writing and Learning Link (OWLL) Key dates for semesters, exam periods and other events Accommodation Graduation Find a qualification, course or subject Discover what you can study with Massey – whether you're joining us as a first time student, returning to study or changing direction. Learn more Alumni Find out what alumni are doing out in the world, and stay connected to Massey after you graduate. Distance and online study at Massey Discover what it's like to study by distance and online at Massey – how it works, what it costs, who can do it and how we'll support you to succeed. Māori @ Massey Welcome to Māori @ Massey, the place to connect to all things Māori at Massey University. Pacific Massey Pacific Massey connects and supports Pacific students with student services and support, research, resources, events and organisations. News View all news Opinion: Meeting the ever-changing needs of Aotearoa New Zealand Friday 23 February 2024 By Dr Tere McGonagle-Daly WATCH: Video on our commitment to being a Te Tiriti-led university Tuesday 20 February 2024 Te Kunenga Ki Pūrehuroa Massey University is committed to honouring Te Tiriti o Waitangi and there are several initiatives underway which bring this kaupapa to life. Two Professor Emeriti titles bestowed Wednesday 7 February 2024 Te Kunenga ki Pūrehuroa Massey University is proud to announce two Professor Emeriti conferred by the Honorary Awards Committee. Research projects earn Health Delivery Research Activation Grants Friday 19 January 2024 Four Massey research projects have been awarded Health Delivery Research Activation Grants from the Health Research Council. Research news We are a research-led university with a reputation for excellence in innovation and the creation of new knowledge. Get the latest research stories. View all Research news Research shows significant benefits of school meal programmes Tuesday 5 March 2024 A recent case study on the Ka Ora Ka Ako school lunch programme at Dannevirke High School has revealed clear benefits. New study reveals the extent of alcohol’s harm to those other than the drinker Wednesday 28 February 2024 A new study has addressed a gap in understanding around the full scope of alcohol-related harm. Interactive exhibition harnesses history for a safer future Tuesday 27 February 2024 An interactive tsunami exhibition is drawing from past tragedy to provide residents of Rēkohu Wharekauri/Chatham Islands with lessons on how to be better prepared for future events. Pilot study will determine the impacts of rearing method on the dairy calf, the cow and their production Tuesday 27 February 2024 The study will compare the artificial rearing of calves to calves that remain with their mothers until they are weaned. Study , Ako Student life , Te oranga tauira Research , Rangahau About , Kaupapa matua Search, Rapu Contact us, Whakapā mai Mon – Fri 8.30am to 4.30pmWeb chat – KarekōreroEmail: contact@massey.ac.nzPhone (NZ): 0800 627739Phone (International): +64 6 350 5701Text: 5222More ways to get in touchPostal address Massey University, Private Bag 11 222Palmerston North, 4442, New ZealandCampus guides & mapsDownload the Massey Uni app Massey University Calendar, Te Wātaka o Massey Colleges, Takiura Massey Business School, Te Kura Whai Pakihi College of Creative Arts, Toi Rauwhārangi College of Health, Te Kura Hauora Tangata College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Te Kura Pūkenga Tangata College of Sciences, Te Wāhanga Pūtaiao Popular links, Hononga rongonui Massey University Calendar, Te Wātaka o Massey Qualifications & courses search, Ngā tohu me ngā akomanga Subject areas browse, Ngā momo kaupapa International students, Ngā tauira nō tāwāhi Māori @ Massey, Māori @ Massey Alumni, Ngā ihu-puta Stream, Te Manga Student & staff portal, Tāwaha mō ngā tauira me ngā kaimahi Staff intranet, Ipurangiroto kaimahi Library, Te Putanga ki te Ao Mātauranga News, Ngā karere Events, Ngā kaupapa Jobs at Massey, Ngā tūranga mahi i Massey Donate, Koha Copyright © 1998 – 2024 Massey University. All rights reserved. Disclaimer Privacy