Rasmussen University - Online and On Campus | Rasmussen University We use cookies on our website to support technical features that enhance your user experience, and to help us improve our website. By continuing to use this website, you accept our privacy policy. I Understand Skip to Content (Press Enter) Student Login No-Cost Professional Certificates COVID-19 Response Call Us: 888-549-6755 888-559-6763 Chat Now Search site Search our site Search Now Close Request Info Apply Rasmussen University MENU Areas of Study Back to Main Menu Areas of Study Business Back to Areas of Study Business Accounting Back to Business Accounting Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Certificate Business Back to Business Business Certificate Business Management Back to Business Business Management Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Finance Back to Business Finance Bachelor's Degree Healthcare Management Back to Business Healthcare Management Bachelor's Degree Human Resources and Organizational Leadership Back to Business Human Resources and Organizational Leadership Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Marketing Back to Business Marketing Bachelor's Degree. Associate's Degree Master of Business Administration Back to Business Master of Business Administration Master of Human Resources Management Back to Business Master of Human Resources Management Master's Degree Supply Chain and Logistics Management Back to Business Supply Chain and Logistics Management Bachelor's Degree Leadership Business Blog Design Back to Areas of Study Design Graphic Design Back to Design Graphic Design Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Leadership Design Blog Education Back to Areas of Study Education Early Childhood Education Back to Education Early Childhood Education Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Diploma Certificate Training CDA Prep Leadership Education Blog Health Sciences Back to Areas of Study Health Sciences Health and Wellness Back to Health Sciences Health and Wellness Bachelor's Degree Health Information Management Studies Back to Health Sciences Health Information Management Studies Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Certificate Health Sciences Back to Health Sciences Health Sciences Associate's Degree Healthcare Back to Health Sciences Healthcare Associate's Degree Certificate Master of Healthcare Administration Back to Health Sciences Master of Healthcare Administration Master's Degree Master of Public Health Back to Health Sciences Master of Public Health Medical Administrative Assistant Back to Health Sciences Medical Administrative Assistant Certificate Medical Assisting Back to Health Sciences Medical Assisting Diploma Medical Billing and Coding Certificate Back to Health Sciences Medical Billing and Coding Certificate Medical Laboratory Technician Back to Health Sciences Medical Laboratory Technician Associate's Degree Pharmacy Technician Back to Health Sciences Pharmacy Technician Certificate Physical Therapist Assistant Back to Health Sciences Physical Therapist Assistant Associate's Degree Radiologic Technology Back to Health Sciences Radiologic Technology Associate's Degree Surgical Technologist Back to Health Sciences Surgical Technologist Associate's Degree Leadership Health Sciences Blog Human Services Back to Areas of Study Human Services Human Services Back to Human Services Human Services Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Leadership Human Services Blog Justice Studies Back to Areas of Study Justice Studies Criminal Justice Back to Justice Studies Criminal Justice Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Law Enforcement Back to Justice Studies Law Enforcement Certificate Associate's Degree Paralegal Back to Justice Studies Paralegal Certificate Associate's Degree Leadership Justice Studies Blog Nursing Back to Areas of Study Nursing Practical Nursing (LPN) Back to Nursing Practical Nursing (LPN) Professional Nursing (ADN/RN) Back to Nursing Professional Nursing (ADN/RN) Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) Back to Nursing Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) RN to BSN Back to Nursing RN to BSN Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) Back to Nursing Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) MSN Specialties MSN Nurse Practitioner Post-Graduate Nursing Certificate Back to Nursing Post-Graduate Nursing Certificate Specialties Nurse Practitioner Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) Back to Nursing Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) Nursing Information Sessions Mission and Leadership Back to Nursing Mission and Leadership Nursing Blog Technology Back to Areas of Study Technology Computer Science Back to Technology Computer Science Bachelor's Degree Cyber Security Back to Technology Cyber Security Bachelor's Degree Data Analytics Back to Technology Data Analytics Bachelor's Degree Information Technology Back to Technology Information Technology Associate's Degree Information Technology Management Back to Technology Information Technology Management Bachelor's Degree Information Technology Project Management Back to Technology Information Technology Project Management Certificate Information Technology Support Back to Technology Information Technology Support Certificate Network Support Back to Technology Network Support Certificate Network Systems Administration Back to Technology Network Systems Administration Associate's Degree Software Application Development Back to Technology Software Application Development Associate's Degree Leadership Technology Blog Degrees & Training Back to Main Menu Degrees & Training Post-Graduate Certificates Doctoral Degrees Master's Degrees Bachelor's Degrees Accelerated Degrees Accelerated Master's Pathway Associate's Degrees Diplomas Certificates Online Degrees Accreditation Course Catalog Training On Campus or Online Back to Main Menu On Campus or Online Florida Back to On Campus or Online Florida Central Pasco Fort Myers North Orlando Ocala Ocala School of Nursing Tampa/Brandon Illinois Back to On Campus or Online Illinois Aurora/Naperville Mokena/Tinley Park Rockford Romeoville/Joliet Kansas Back to On Campus or Online Kansas Kansas City/Overland Park Topeka Minnesota Back to On Campus or Online Minnesota Bloomington Eagan Hennepin/Anoka Lake Elmo/Woodbury Mankato Moorhead St. Cloud North Dakota Back to On Campus or Online North Dakota Fargo Wisconsin Back to On Campus or Online Wisconsin Green Bay Wausau Online Back to On Campus or Online Online Student Experience Support Career Readiness Student Experience Back to Main Menu Student Experience Success Stories Empowered Learning® Transferable Skills Career Services Alumni Back to Student Experience Alumni Alumni Benefits Back to Alumni Alumni Benefits Alumni Stories Back to Alumni Alumni Stories Request Your Transcript Back to Alumni Request Your Transcript Your Next Degree Back to Alumni Your Next Degree Our Faculty Graduation Diversity, Equity and Inclusion College Life Blog Hire a Grad Disability Services Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Academic Integrity Tuition & Aid Back to Main Menu Tuition & Aid Military Benefits Employer Benefits Admissions Back to Main Menu Admissions Transfer Credit & Other Knowledge Credit® Disclosures and Net Price Calculator No-Cost Professional Certificates Back to Main Menu Student Login Back to Main Menu COVID-19 Response Back to Main Menu RU Ready to Start Your Next Chapter? The support you need to achieve your full potential—online or on campus. Request Information Start Your Application Find Your Degree What are you interested in studying? Area of Study Business Design Education Health Sciences Human Services Justice Studies Nursing Technology What type of degree do you need? Degree Type Doctoral Degree Master's Degree Bachelor's Degree Associate's Degree Diploma Certificate Find Your Program Explore Our Programs Areas of Study Nursing Confidently pursue one of our relevant and challenging Nursing degree programs with on-campus and online courses, virtual and in-person labs, and experienced faculty support. Nursing Degree Programs Health Sciences Pursue your future healthcare career improving the lives of patients in-person or behind the scenes. Many programs feature online courses for better work-life balance. Health Sciences Degree Programs Business Prepare to be a confident, results-oriented business leader from a college with over 120 years of experience as a business school. Business Degree Programs Technology Fully online and made to fit your schedule, our Technology programs are designed and taught by experts with experience at cutting-edge companies. Technology Degree Programs Education Make a positive difference in the lives of young children in your community with an online Early Childhood Education degree. Education Degree Programs Human Services Prepare to use your compassion for others to make a difference with our degrees in Human Services. Human Services Degree Programs Design Explore emerging trends in design and master the latest industry-standard tools with a fully online Graphic Design degree. Design Degree Programs Justice Studies From Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice to Paralegal programs, you'll experience in-depth training and fieldwork with real-world scenarios. Justice Studies Degree Programs You Can Be RU Ready What does it mean to be “RU Ready?” It’s all the ways that Rasmussen University makes you ready for the next chapter in your education. 60+ career-focused programs you can better manage with your life. Supportive faculty and student resources when you need it. Career services that don’t stop at graduation—they continue throughout your career.At Rasmussen University, we see your vision for yourself and your career. And we celebrate every step of your journey, from submitting an assignment and using a new skill to becoming the confident professional you were meant to be.No more feeling overlooked or underestimated—find your true potential and see your future as RU Ready. Find Your Program Starting Fresh, Not Starting Over You’ve already done the work—you should get credit for every step, whether it was a previous course, military training or professional certification. 67% of our program requirement may be completed through transfer credits or prior training.1 That’s a lot of saved time and money! Get your transfer credits reviewed Support Where It Matters RU Ready to feel supported at every step? 24/7 technical support, career advising, peer-to-peer mentoring and mental health support, and internationally recognized online tutoring are just a few of the ways we'll help you find a healthy balance between school and the rest of your life. Connect with an admissions advisor Online Degree Programs A lot of colleges can say they have online classes—but how many can say they have 20+ years of experience designing and teaching online? Rasmussen University is one of them! You'll work with faculty trained specifically to teach and mentor online, use flexible learning options and virtual labs, work online with academic support teams and tap into 400,000+ electronic resources. Learn more about online degree programs Education at Your Pace Empowered Learning®, our competency-based education model, lets you take more control of your learning. Instead of tests, papers and a one-size-fits-all schedule, you manage your pace and create the kind of projects you'd see in a workplace. Plus, you’ll still stay connected to faculty and peers. RU Ready to show what you know? Find out more about Empowered Learning Take the Next Step—Talk to Us! There are some errors in the form. Please correct the errors and submit again. Request More Information Take the next step toward applying—talk with an admissions advisor today. Fill out the form to receive information about: Program Details and Applying for Classes How Affordable Your Degree Can Be Financial Aid and FAFSA (for those who qualify) Customized Support Services Detailed Program Plans Step 1 of 3 What's Your Name? First Name Please enter your first name. Last Name Please enter your last name. Continue Step 2 of 3 Contact Information Email Address There is an error in email. Make sure your answer has: An "@" symbol No spaces A suffix such as ".com", ".edu", etc. Phone Number There is an error in phone number. Make sure your answer has: 10 digits with no dashes or spaces No country code (e.g. "1" for USA) ZIP Code There is an error in ZIP code. Make sure your answer has only 5 digits. Step 3 of 3 Program Preferences Preferred Area of Study I'm Interested in ... School of Business School of Design School of Education School of Health Sciences School of Human Services School of Justice Studies School of Nursing School of Technology Please choose a school of study. Preferred Program Program of Interest Please choose a program. Preferred Degree Level Degree Level Desired Please choose a degree. Are you a licensed nurse? Yes, and I'd like to further my education. No, but I'd like to become one. Please choose your licensure status. The program you have selected requires a nursing license. Please select another program or contact an Admissions Advisor (877.530.9600) for help. The program you have selected is not available in your ZIP code. Please select another program or contact an Admissions Advisor (877.530.9600) for help. Rasmussen University is not enrolling students in your state at this time. Do you have potential transfer credits? Yes No I'd like to find out Submit By submitting this form by clicking “Submit”, you are providing your signature and your express written consent, and hereby agree to receive information via electronic means, which may include a telephone system, an automated dialing system, a recorded message device, soundboard technology, over-the-top messaging, text or media messaging, voice messages, and/or email about upcoming courses, recruitment events, newsletters, and other resources from Rasmussen University. This consent is not a condition of enrollment or purchase.You may withdraw your consent at any time. Please refer to our privacy policy, terms, or contact us for more details.This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 120-Year Track Record Career-Focused Programs for 120 Years For the past century, Rasmussen University has provided higher education options for working adults with goals to go further in the ever-changing job landscape. From our first campus opening in 1900 and leading the way in online education in 2002 to our recent graduate degree enrollment, we’ve stayed true to our mission to meet the evolving needs of our diverse communities and create well-rounded professionals—ready for in-demand careers. Rasmussen University: Innovating Since 1900 View transcript(Scroll to see full transcript) Speaker 1:Education transforms lives. Not just with lofty goals far into the future, but through everyday achievements.This idea is the foundation on which Rasmussen College—now Rasmussen University—was built. In 1900, Walter Rasmussen started a business school to meet the needs of a booming economy. And 53 students took their first steps, enrolling to become bookkeepers, secretaries, typists and accountants. They worked in a classroom, shoulder to shoulder, on typewriters. Now, we work online. When the digital age demanded evolution, Rasmussen University was an early leader in online education. Innovative curriculum and technology opened doors for students to learn on their own terms, while still gaining the valuable soft skills they would need to succeed. With kids, full-time jobs, life responsibilities and unwavering determination, Rasmussen students know that every step counts. In a workforce that needs great nurses, great people in education and the justice system, the business minded, the tech savvy and those with an eye for design, Rasmussen will continue to partner in your progress toward meaningful careers. Over 120 years after opening, we are still evolving to meet student and workforce needs, adding master's degrees and launching our first doctoral program. What started as a revolutionary business institution is now a university with over 50 programs, over 20 campuses, a national online presence and the most ADN nursing graduates in the U.S.At Rasmussen University, we'll never stop finding ways to support our students and our communities. We’re lifelong learners, innovators and mentors. We'll stay curious, continue to take chances and keep putting students first, giving them the tools they're going to need for their next steps. Rasmussen University Transition Rasmussen College completed its transition to Rasmussen University in October 2020.Learn More About this Change About Us Accreditation and Licensing Careers Corporate Social Responsibility Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Hire a Grad History Leadership Letter from the President Mission News Center Rasmussen University Transition Statement of Ownership Areas of Study Business Design Education Health Sciences Human Services Justice Studies Nursing Technology Campus Locations Florida Illinois Kansas Minnesota North Dakota Wisconsin Online Information For Military Benefits Disclosures and Net Price Calculator Privacy Policy Terms Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA Residents Only) Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-facebook-square-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-instagram-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-linkedin-square-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-pinterest-p-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-twitter-white Connect with Rasmussen University on icon-social-youtube-play-white © 2024 Rasmussen College, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Rasmussen University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and is authorized to operate as a postsecondary educational institution by the Illinois Board of Higher Education. Rasmussen University is not regulated by the Texas Workforce Commission. Rasmussen University has been approved by the Minnesota Office of Higher Education to participate in the National Council for State Authorization Reciprocity Agreements (NC-SARA), through which it offers online programs in Texas. For additional information about Licensing and State Authorization, and State Contact Information for Student Complaints, please see those sections of our catalog. Knowledge Credit® includes college-level credit, self-directed assessments and military training or professional certifications. Exceptions apply—review the Rasmussen University course catalog for details.