Brackets - A modern, open source code editor that understands web design. Contribute API Docs Extensions Support Download Introducing Phoenix Code Editor Phoenix brings all the powers of Brackets and its Extensions to web browsers; no install needed. Click here to read more. Launch Phoenix Modern, Powerful & Open source With focused visual tools and preprocessor support, Brackets is a modern text editor that makes it easy to design in the browser. It's crafted from the ground up for web designers and front-end developers. Download Installer Built and Signed by phoenix.core.ai Other Downloads Why Use Brackets? Brackets is a lightweight, yet powerful, modern text editor. We blend visual tools into the editor so you get the right amount of help when you want it without getting in the way of your creative process. You'll enjoy writing code in Brackets. Made with and JavaScript Brackets is an open-source project, supported by an active and passionate community. It's made by other web developers like you! Learn How to Contribute… Features 1 Inline Editors Instead of jumping between file tabs, Brackets lets you open a window into the code you care about most. 2 Live Preview Get a real-time connection to your browser. Make changes to CSS and HTML and you'll instantly see those changes on screen. 3 Preprocessor Support Work with preprocessors in a whole new way. We know how important preprocessors are to your workflow. Popular Extensions Git Git integration for Brackets. Emmet High-speed HTML and CSS workflow. Beautify Format JavaScript, HTML, and CSS files. Markdown Preview Live preview of markdown documents. File Icons File icons in Brackets’ file tree. Indent Guides Show indent guides in the code editor. Autoprefixer Parse CSS and add vendor prefixes automatically. W3C Validation Simple W3C Validator. Check Out New Extensions Quick Links Source Code on Github API Documentation Troubleshooting Help Wiki Videos Introducing Brackets Live Development for HTML JavaScript Debugger for Brackets Tuts+ Introduction to Brackets Brackets Videos on Youtube Get Involved Checkout Current Issues on GitHub Keep in Touch Matrix Discord Reddit Brackets is maintained by the brackets.io community. It was founded by Adobe as a community guided, open source project to push web development editors to the next level.