Home | City of Bloomington, Indiana Skip to main content Mayor Kerry Thomson Feedback Services Services Information Info News News Meetings & Events Events City Government Govt. Search City Job Opportunities City Solicitation Information Page Subscribe to Top Services Contact Us Report Issue via uReport Trash/Recycle My Bloomington Adopt a Pet Pay Water Bill Getting Around Parks and Recreation News City Announces 2024 Women’s Achievement Award Winners March 1, 2024 Bloomington's Urban Enterprise Association Announces 2024 Grants And Scholarships February 29, 2024 The Bloomington Urban Enterprise Association (BUEA) proudly announces an array of grant and scholarship programs designed to uplift businesses and residents within the Enterprise Zone, with a renewed emphasis on diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives. Arbor Day Poster Contest Commemorates 40 Years of Tree Stewardship in Bloomington February 29, 2024 Submit a poster entry by April 1. Winners announced on Arbor Day, April 26. Mayor Thomson To Hold Traveling Town Halls: Open and accessible government comes to the people February 28, 2024 Mayor Kerry Thomson is committed to an open government that is accessible to all Bloomington residents. In that spirit, she will be out in the community conducting a series of traveling town hall meetings. City Of Bloomington Announces East Third Street Bicycle Lane Improvement Project February 27, 2024 Traffic separation barriers will be installed along certain portions of the existing buffer between the bicycle lane and the motor vehicle travel lanes on E 3rd St between Indiana Ave and Eagleson Ave. Click to read more News Events Mar 5 Convention Center Capital Improvement Board of Managers Committee Meeting Tuesday - 2:30pm - 5:00pm Bunger & Robertson, 211 S College Ave, Bloomington, IN 47404, USA Click to view this Event Mar 6 Common Council Regular Session Wednesday - 6:30pm - 9:30pm Council Chambers (#115) Click to view this Event Mar 7 Bloomington Digital Underground Advisory Committee Thursday - 4:00pm - 5:30pm via Zoom Click to view this Event Mar 7 Utilities Service Board Meeting - Bid Opening Thursday - 4:30pm - 5:00pm City of Bloomington Utilities, 600 E Miller Dr, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA, Utilities Service Center-1-Utilities Board Room (75) Click to view this Event Visit Full Calendar City Government City Code The Municipal Code is intended to make the laws of the city as accessible as possible to city officials, city employees, and private citizens. City Budget Details of the City of Bloomington's estimated revenue and expenses for a given year. Boards and Commissions Find out more about the city's boards and commissions and ways you can get involved. Elected Officials See the details of the elected officials and get to know them better. Transparency The City is committed to transparency and openness. Access the City's open data or suggest data you'd like to see. Contact City There are many ways to communicate and engage with the City. City Jobs The City strives to attract and keep a talented and diverse workforce. Learn more about job opportunities. Public Safety Safety of the citizens is most important. Police, Fire, Crime Prevention, Safety Resources About Bloomington Bloomington is nestled in the rolling hills of southern Indiana and home to 85,000 residents and serves as a home away from home for tens of thousands of Indiana University students and alumni. You'll cherish the city's dynamic energy, spectacular scenery, outdoor activities, world-class educational opportunities, Big Ten sporting events, thriving local businesses, vibrant arts scene and unique shopping and dining experiences. Bloomington's admittedly unique character welcomes all to participate in community building. Our friendly, safe, and inviting environment embrace visitors and ideas from across the globe. We are a city of both dreamers and doers. Whether you come for school, business, pleasure, or would like to make this your home, you are welcome in Bloomington. Find out more Mayor Kerry Thomson After spending her career working to build better communities, Kerry Thomson became Bloomington’s 33rd Mayor on January 1, 2024, to bring progress, change, and a new approach to city hall. Meet Our Mayor cob-logo-horizontal City Jobs Contact the City Report an Issue Connect on Social Media City Maps Transparency Accessibility Privacy Policy City Intranet Login City Hall 401 North Morton Street Bloomington, Indiana 47404 812-349-3400 Facebook Twitter Instagram NextDoor YouTube