Prospect Magazine - Britain's leading monthly current affairs magazine Log inSubscribeMenuPoliticsWorldIdeasViewsCultureLatest issuePodcastsNewslettersLog inSubscribeHide this labelLatest issueNewslettersPodcastsSectionsPolitics England Scotland Northern Ireland Wales Constitution Brexit Analysis PolicyWorld Environment United States China Europe Middle East The Americas Asia AfricaIdeas Philosophy Law Technology Media Religion Economics Business IdentityViews Columnists People Lives Letters Brief EncounterCulture Books Film TV Stage Music Art GamingMore from ProspectPast issuesEventsInsight ReportsApp Europe Poland’s democratic rehabilitation Polish democracy was close to death, smothered by populists. What will Donald Tusk’s government have to do to revive it? Annette Dittert From the magazine Africa The women keeping the peace in Uganda Sophie Neiman Politics The government is on life support—will someone put it out of its misery? Alan Rusbridger Election Countdown Taxing questions Peter Kellner People Giles Bristow: Water companies are marking their own homework Liz Connor Politics View all Politics The government is on life support—will someone put it out of its misery? As this zombie government stumbles on, its only aims seem to be to cling to power and make headlines. Time to send it to administrative Dignitas Alan Rusbridger Election Countdown Taxing questions Peter Kellner Housing Could one simple act help prevent homelessness? Samira Shackle From the magazine Politics A house of ill repute Bill Keller From the magazine Magazine Are we ready for a second Trump term? Kim Darroch, our former US ambassador, says the world should be bracing for impact. Plus: Sam Freedman asks if Labour is spent before it starts and Samira Shackle on combatting homelessness by giving people cash Past issues Trump’s return: Are we ready? A second Trump presidency could tip an already destabilised world over the edge. Our former ambassador to Washington says the UK is running out of time to prepare Kim Darroch Poland’s democratic rehabilitation Annette Dittert A struggle for the souls of two nations Avraham Burg A kind of magic Emily Lawford The age-old question: which generation has had it harder? Sheila Hancock, Alice Garnett, Sarah Collins, Alan Rusbridger We still live in Steve Jobs’s brave new world Ethan Zuckerman Farming life: Why are farmers protesting around the world? Tom Martin Popular Stories Europe Poland’s democratic rehabilitation Annette Dittert From the magazine Housing Could one simple act help prevent homelessness? Samira Shackle From the magazine Politics The government is on life support—will someone put it out of its misery? Alan Rusbridger United States Trump’s return: Are we ready? Kim Darroch From the magazine Law The statelessness of Shamima Begum David Allen Green Prospect Lives View all Sex life: As a lesbian, I never worried about accidental pregnancy Tilly Lawless From the magazine Clerical life: I miss our ordinands in the parish Alice Goodman From the magazine Young life: How will Gen Z survive another recession? Alice Garnett From the magazine Long life: Only the arts can save us! Sheila Hancock From the magazine Farming life: Am I fit for the job? Tom Martin From the magazine Latest COLUMNS The internet works better as a small room Ethan Zuckerman CULTURE Is it really a privilege to be a pop star? Sukhdev Sandhu From the magazine ELECTION COUNTDOWN Taxing questions Peter Kellner PEOPLE Giles Bristow: Water companies are marking their own homework Liz Connor POLITICS The government is on life support—will someone put it out of its misery? Alan Rusbridger AFRICA The women keeping the peace in Uganda Sophie Neiman LIVES Displaced life: What my trauma has taught me Jason Thomas-Fournillier LIVES Sex life: My clients are easily spooked like horses Tilly Lawless LAW The statelessness of Shamima Begum David Allen Green THE INSIDER Radek Sikorski is the new foreign minister of Europe to watch Andrew Adonis World View all Africa The women keeping the peace in Uganda Climate change is making the work of conflict prevention even more challenging in the border region of Karamoja Sophie Neiman The Insider Radek Sikorski is the new foreign minister of Europe to watch Andrew Adonis United States Trump’s return: Are we ready? Kim Darroch From the magazine Foreign Correspondence How Russia is using scaremongering tactics in Moldova Paula Erizanu Podcasts View all FEBRUARY 29, 2024 The demise of Vice and BuzzFeed: what happened to millennial media? FEBRUARY 28, 2024 Kim Darroch: Is the UK ready for Trump 2.0? FEBRUARY 23, 2024 Bonus episode: Should Paul Marshall be allowed to buy the Telegraph? FEBRUARY 22, 2024 Are journalists being targeted in Gaza? FEBRUARY 21, 2024 Timothy Garton Ash: Ukraine, Navalny and the survival of the west FEBRUARY 15, 2024 Ask the Editors: Ofcom, GB News and Biden on TikTok FEBRUARY 14, 2024 Going cash-free: a world without money FEBRUARY 08, 2024 Is this the future of local news? FEBRUARY 08, 2024 Prospect Lives: Looking forward and reflecting back FEBRUARY 07, 2024 What motivates Hezbollah, Iran and the Houthis? Culture View all Culture A kind of magic Centuries ago, scholars used to engage with the supernatural—such that it almost became a science Emily Lawford From the magazine Stage Deformed, unfinished? Kate Maltby Classical Classical notes: Destination Tokyo Ian Bostridge From the magazine Books The new-old conspiracy Keith Kahn-Harris From the magazine Ideas View all People Meet Ben Gregory, the YouTuber filming cars’ watery deaths The Spielberg of splashy endings, @bengregers chronicles vehicles—the more expensive, the better—sputtering out in floods Alan Rusbridger From the magazine Lives Farming life: Why are farmers protesting around the world? Tom Martin From the magazine Law The statelessness of Shamima Begum David Allen Green Philosophy The lucrative pursuit of happiness Josh Mcloughlin Events EVENT Watch | Healthcare in a modern age: why we need a National Health Bank with Dame Sally Davies EVENT Watch | Should we re-freeze the Arctic? Exploring climate repair with Sir David King EVENT Listen | Is Britain run by a new out-of-touch elite? EVENT Watch | Minister for the Future: How to open up tech monopolies EVENT Watch: Gutenberg to Facebook: what the printing revolution tells us about the digital world EVENT Watch | The future of Communication to a Multigenerational Workforce EVENT Watch | Minister for the Future: the potential of regenerative farming EVENT Watch | SLAPPS: a threat to liberal democracy? EVENT Prospect Talks: Ukraine—Can Europe keep the lights on without Russia? EVENT Watch | How should charities engage with government and media? Views View all Brief Encounter Lynda La Plante: Modern technology causes ‘formidable’ problems for crime writers The detective novelist on how to make your characters get away with it Prospect Team From the magazine People How cookery classes shift attitudes towards refugees Danielle Han From the magazine Lives Displaced life: What my trauma has taught me Jason Thomas-Fournillier People Giles Bristow: Water companies are marking their own homework Liz Connor Sponsored View all Sponsored To grow the north, first we must connect the north What ‘boomerangers’ tell us about regional rebalancing Jon Bernstein Sponsored Higginson Strategy: Why we’re supporting Top Thinkers 2024 John and Clodagh Higginson Sponsored The blue belt: A conservative success story that must now be enhanced Zac Goldsmith Sponsored Regional rebalancing: a next generation view Jon Bernstein About us Subscribe Contact us Submission guidelines Jobs and vacancies Institutional subscriptions © 2024 Prospect Publishing Limited Acceptable Use Terms of Use Contributor Terms & Conditions Privacy Complaints Advertising Guidelines