Washington City Paper: The Free Source for Local News in D.C. Here's what our members say "I live in D.C. and want local news." "I believe in local journalism." "Y'all are doing real local D.C. journalism." "Washington City Paper has made me feel like I am part of the D.C. community." If you agree with our members, will you support our work and keep City Paper going? Yes, City Paper needs my help → Close Fund Local News Search for: Search News Open dropdown menu City Desk Inside Voices Loose Lips Out of Ink Arts Open dropdown menu Music Theater Film/TV Museums/Galleries Performance/Dance Books City Lights Food Open dropdown menu Food News Beer Young & Hungry Carry-out Critic Events Open dropdown menu Books Film LGBTQIA Museums/Galleries Music Theater LGBTQIA Newsletters Help Us Report Notices, Jobs, Etc. Open dropdown menu Classifieds/Marketplace Jobs Board Obituaries Press Releases Partner Studio Open dropdown menu Cannabis Dating Gambling Health & Fitness Personal Loans Tech Best of D.C. Open dropdown menu Best of D.C. 2023! Buy an award plaque/banner/sticker 2022 Results 2021 Results 2020 Results 2019 Results Support Our Work Facebook Instagram X Threads RSS Close Fund Local News Search for: Search Home Get Our Newsletters Advertise With Us NEWS City Desk Inside Voices Loose Lips Out of Ink ARTS Music Theater Film/TV Museums/Galleries Performance/Dance Books City Lights Events Page LGBTQIA FOOD Food News Beer Young & Hungry Carry-out Critic Best of D.C. Help Us Report About Us Notices, Jobs, Etc. Classifieds/Marketplace Obituaries Partner Studio Cannabis Dating Gambling Health & Fitness Personal Loans Tech Sports Betting D.C. Sports Betting Maryland Sports Betting Virginia Sports Betting Opt-out preferences Skip to content Facebook Instagram X Threads RSS Washington City Paper Fund Local News Open Search Search for: Search Menu Fund Local News Menu News Open dropdown menu City Desk Inside Voices Loose Lips Out of Ink Arts Open dropdown menu Music Theater Film/TV Museums/Galleries Performance/Dance Books City Lights Food Open dropdown menu Food News Beer Young & Hungry Carry-out Critic Events Open dropdown menu Books Film LGBTQIA Museums/Galleries Music Theater LGBTQIA Newsletters Help Us Report Notices, Jobs, Etc. Open dropdown menu Classifieds/Marketplace Jobs Board Obituaries Press Releases Partner Studio Open dropdown menu Cannabis Dating Gambling Health & Fitness Personal Loans Tech Best of D.C. Open dropdown menu Best of D.C. 2023! Buy an award plaque/banner/sticker 2022 Results 2021 Results 2020 Results 2019 Results Support Our Work Home We know D.C. Get our free newsletter to stay in the know. Sign Up Unsubscribe any time. Processing… Success! You're on the list. Whoops! There was an error and we couldn't process your subscription. Please reload the page and try again. The Answers Issue 2024 In which City Paper provides answers to your random questions about life in D.C. by City Paper Staff February 23rd, 2024February 26th, 2024 Desperate Measures Puts the Yee-Haw and Hee-Haw Into Shakespeare’s Problem Play by Melissa Lin Sturges The Council’s Latest Crime Bill Will Expand Pretrial Detention. But Some Limits Give Advocates Hope. by Alex Koma Too Good to Fail: The Lehman Trilogy Takes Stock of Greed and the American Dream by D.R. Lewis Washington Post Inks Lease Extension for D.C. Headquarters by Vince Morris Page Three, 2024 by Darrow Montgomery Dune: Part Two—The Desert of the Real in the Real Desert by Chris Klimek Olney Theatre’s Original Theatre Gets a Facelift by Allison R. Shely Daniel Noah Miller on Growing Up in D.C. and Going Solo on Disintegration by Ella Feldman Maryland Lawmakers File Legislation to Rein in Third-Party Ticket Sales by Christina Smart News Trayon White Has Racked Up Nearly $80,000 in Outstanding Fines and Debts Related to Campaign Funds Disputes with campaign finance regulators threaten the Ward 8 councilmember’s efforts to earn public money for his ongoing Council reelection bid. by Alex Koma Out of Ink: Former District Fray Editor Starts New Media Venture During a precarious time for local media, Monica Alford is striking out on her own, betting on sponsorships and other partnerships to support her “celebratory journalism” covering D.C. culture. by Vince Morris Well-Connected Construction Contractors Are Targeting Brianne Nadeau Over a Popular Pro-Union Bill A variety of construction companies are lobbying lawmakers to sink a largely uncontroversial bill aimed at expanding the use of project labor agreements in D.C. by Alex Koma Food Good Taste: All-Day Koma Café Brings Pizza, Pasta, and Cocktails To Takoma Park’s Far Side The relaxed neighborhood cafe, open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, is the latest addition to the dining scene in Takoma and downtown Takoma Park. by Nevin Martell Getting To Know Ocelot Brewing and Their Rock-Star Collaborations The music-loving, Dulles-based brewery has joined forces with Palehound, Fucked Up, and others—and now they’re partnering with local rock icon Mary Timony. by Serena Zets Good Taste: Muối Tiêu’s Vibrant Vietnamese Cuisine Brightens Takoma Park Thuy-Tu Tran’s story begins in Minnesota, of all places, where she grew up and her grandmother was queen of the kitchen. by Nevin Martell Arts The Pleasures of Revisiting 1938’s Holiday Underscores the Real Holiday Is Ours Capturing the turn from the Roaring 20s to the Great Depression, George Cukor’s film, starring greats Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn, wears its sadness on its sleeve, but is also incredibly fun. by Noah Gittell D.C.’s Alt-Pop Artist Cat Janice Has Died Her family shared the news via social media, just over a month after her final song, “Dance You Outta My Head,” went viral. by Sarah Marloff Bratty and Soomin Ham’s Photos: City Lights for Feb. 29–March 7 Culiacán’s 23-year-old singer-songwriter comes to Songbyrd while women rockers put a queer spin on Americana at Pearl Street, Soomin Ham at MEG, a new play at the Kennedy Center, and California Soul comes to D.C. next Thursday. by Ella Feldman, Colleen Kennedy, Anupma Sahay, Louis Jacobson and Simone Goldstone When the Music Stopped: Remembering Reuben Jackson Keep reading Best of D.C. 2023: Food & Drink August 17th, 2023August 17th, 2023 Best of D.C. 2023: Arts & Entertainment August 16th, 2023August 16th, 2023 Best of D.C. 2023: Goods & Services August 15th, 2023August 17th, 2023 Best of D.C. 2023: People & Places August 14th, 2023August 18th, 2023 The Capital Irish Film Festival Reaches Adulthood Now celebrating 18 years, Solas Nua’s annual CIFF includes a crop of films in which characters find reasons to persist among the challenges in modern Irish life. by Alan Zilberman Synetic Theater’s Romeo and Juliet: A Pair of Star-Crossed Lovers in a Clockwork Verona by Ian Thal Private Jones’ Tale of a Deaf WWI Soldier Offers a Fresh Riff on Well-Worn War Stories by D.R. Lewis DCist Shuts Down, 15 Staffers Laid Off by Vince Morris The Phillips Collection’s Jennifer Bartlett: In and Out of the Garden Provides New Ways of Seeing Lend Me a Soprano Is Great Fun, But Is It Really Necessary? Think Abortion Activism Isn’t Fun? This Film Wants To Change Your Mind Black Infant Mortality in D.C., Part Three: Where Do We Go From Here? Arena’s Mindplay Blends Thrilling Mentalism and Shaky Autobiography With Tempestuous Elements, D.C. Trailblazer Anna Julia Cooper Gets Her Flowers Sports Betting, brought to you by GRC Media Sports Betting Caesars Sportsbook Maryland: Promo Code up to $1,000 in Bonus Bets Provided by GRC Media Facebook Instagram X Threads RSS NEWS City Desk Inside Voices Loose Lips Out of Ink LGBTQIA ARTS Music Theater Film/TV Museums/Galleries Performance/Dance Books City Lights Events FOOD Food News Beer Young & Hungry Carry-out Critic ETC. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Work Here Freelancers Guide Advertise with Us COLUMNS Page Three Savage Love Gear Prudence Page Three Liz at Large Mumble Sauce COMMUNITY RESOURCES Best Of D.C. Classifieds Jobs Board Obituaries Content from our Partners Support Become a Member Free Newsletters © 2024 Washington City Paper. Powered by Newspack Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent