TeX - LaTeX Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community TeX - LaTeX help chat TeX - LaTeX Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question tikz-pgftablesbeamerpgfplotsmath-modebiblatexfontsmacrosspacingtable-of-contents more tags Active 2 Bountied Hot Week Month 3 votes 2 answers 126 views Getting ConTeXt' \documentvariable into LuaTex luatexcontext-lmtx CommunityBot 1 modified 3 mins ago 3 votes 2 answers 142 views Typesetting in different languages languages Mico 503k modified 17 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 14 views Stack rectangles in tikz tikz-pgf herminato 69 asked 30 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 10 views How do I create a text-wide colored box with proper spacing in the footer of a two-sided KOMA-Script document? header-footerkoma-scriptscrlayer-scrpagecolorbox cabohah 10.8k modified 31 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 18 views Link on pdf triggers .sh/.py/.bat linkspythonshell-escapebashbatchmode picgon 1 asked 50 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 13 views How to draw a network of nodes in latex like below? tikz-pgftikz-trees Rakesh Kumar 11 asked 52 mins ago 2 votes 1 answer 102 views How to type lambda expressions? spacingpunctuation M. Logic 4,152 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 1 answer 103 views What is a robust user-defined way to define cross-references and adjunct values that work inside and outside environments? tcolorboxetoolboxzrefvarioref CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 35 views Transparent surface color of a 3d plane Asymptote asymptotetransparent derdu 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 26 views Numbering of equations does not work equationsnumberingequation-number ApolloRa 101 modified 1 hour ago 14 votes 8 answers 16k views How to change a .bst for references sorted in order of appearance bibtexsortinglncs Snehal Rajput 101 answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 2 answers 917 views How to add the source of the current page to the footer in a beamer theme? beamerheader-footerbeamer-metropolis samcarter_is_at_topanswers.xyz 156k modified 1 hour ago 3 votes 2 answers 1k views Lowercase \mathscr and \mathcal letters math-fonts David Carlisle 754k modified 1 hour ago 3 votes 2 answers 145 views How to expand \fpeval{} results numerically? calculationsxfp CommunityBot 1 modified 2 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Travel Ban in England for Criminal History Is using the shield in a CAT cable for return current a bad idea? How to calculate the orientation of a point at another point in QGIS ContourPolarPlot or PolarContourPlot? Search and replace regular expressions How can a QFT field act on particle states in Fock space? What intelligence was released in order to "blunt Chinese saber-rattling in the Taiwan Strait"? On what day does a person turn "X years and 6 months" for the purpose of driver licensing in USA states? first apartment ever need pet advice Internal angle sum of a triangle Does 2 Timothy 2:13 mean that a once saved person cannot lose his salvation? Show how close a user is to being unsung How can current phase shift be 90 degrees behind voltage just "inside the capacitor" on an RC series circuit but be in phase in the resistor? Pronunciation of word-initial syllabic R in American English Code for an application that replaces semicolons in a file with Greek question marks Need name of sci-fi football type story involving weapons used in play Is it correct that the bottom bracket shell thread does not go all the way around? Minimum frequency to build up tolerance to seasickness? How could a light sorcerer fly Can the background of an LCD be changed? graphic design is my passion so you are(is it true?) Subjunctive question: “I’m just questioning whether or not it were” Do 1.5% of lithium-ion batteries overheat, explode, or catch fire each year? World weavers or something, a double seven child without magic more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. TeX - LaTeX Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.5.5707