Greenpeace UK Our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you agree to our privacy policy. Close Greenpeace UK Explore the issues Take action Updates Menu Email signup Donate/Join Search Search for something Submit search query Search Explore the issues Take action Updates Politicians: listen or lose Show your local politicians that to get your vote, they need to step up for climate action. Pledge to vote for climate action Together we defend the natural world and work for a green and peaceful futureJoin Greenpeace today Top stories The Galápagos shows the power of ocean protection The Galápagos Marine Reserve is a powerful example of what ocean protection can achieve. But outside its boundaries, industrial fishing is still doing damage. Now, governments have a chance to change that. Shell is suing Greenpeace for a peaceful protest. Help us fight them in court. Shell is suing Greenpeace - threatening a multimillion dollar damages claim and a protest ban. We need your help to fight in court. What is biodiversity and why is it important? Biodiversity is one of the most important ideas for anyone who cares about the natural world. Let's explore what it means, and why it matters for all of us. Why plastic incineration is a social justice issue Half of the plastic we throw away is being set on fire – and the most deprived communities are suffering the consequences. Want to see your design on a Greenpeace t-shirt? Enter our design competition! If you're under 17 years old, you can submit your artwork on the theme of plastic pollution by 17 March 2024. Victory! Government bans sand eel fishing after Greenpeace campaign 31st January 2024 Puffins will be eating better thanks to a Greenpeace-backed ban on fishing for sand eels - a vital food source for the iconic sea birds. More stories Our campaigns are funded by our supporters - and we don't accept any money from governments or corporations. Support Greenpeace Our impact Greenpeace campaigns are changing the world for the better. From saving the whales to getting rid of polluting cars, our victories are powered by individual donations, dedicated volunteers and millions of supporters. See Greenpeace victories Take action When we work together, we can take on the world’s worst polluters and solve its biggest problems. Find out how you can get involved. Be part of it Sign up for emails Please fill out all required fields Thanks for signing up Your first name Your last name Your email address Your phone You don’t have to leave your phone number, but if you do, we’ll use it to keep you updated on how you can get involved through petitions, campaigning, volunteering and donating. You can opt out at any time. We take the security of your data seriously. Your information is safe and secure with us – read our privacy policy. Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Tiktok Greenpeace around the world Greenpeace UK Greenpeace International Africa Andino Aotearoa (formerly New Zealand) Belgium Brasil Canada Central & Eastern Europe Czech Republic East Asia European Unit France-Luxembourg Germany Greece India Italy Japan Mediterranean Foundation Mexico Middle East & North Africa Netherlands Nordic Greenpeace Research Laboratories Southeast Asia Spain Switzerland USA Ways to get involved Ways to get involved Learn and share Take action today Join a local volunteer group Join the Political Lobbying Network Volunteer to take direct action Book a Greenpeace speaker Help for grassroots groups Other ways to support us Other ways to support us Donate or join us Philanthropy and foundations Leave a gift in your will Donate in memory Fundraise for Greenpeace Get Greenpeace merchandise Greenpeace Environmental Trust (Charity No. 284934) Quicklinks Quicklinks Press centre Reports and briefings Latest updates Unearthed investigations Jobs at Greenpeace Contact us About us About us About Greenpeace Greenpeace victories How Greenpeace creates change Impact reports Board of directors Promoted by Greenpeace, Canonbury Villas, London N1 2PN Contact us Privacy policy Contact preferences Sitemap Accessibility Text and images © Greenpeace. All Rights Reserved.