Posit | The Open-Source Data Science Company Products Products products Explore our open source, cloud, and enterprise products Open Source RStudio IDE RStudio Server Shiny Shiny Server R Packages Quarto Enterprise Posit Team Posit Workbench Posit Connect Posit Package Manager Posit Academy Cloud Posit Cloud Public Package Manager shinyapps.io Amazon SageMaker MS Azure View all Products Pricing We make data science available to everyone, regardless of your economic means. Academic Small & Medium Business Self service Enterprise Solutions Solutions Solutions Accelerate results with your data and our solutions. Solutions Databricks Python Pharma Finance Serious Data Science Business Intelligence Cloud Platform Amazon SageMaker Azure Posit Cloud AWS Google Cloud Go to Solutions Customer stories Our customers inspire us every day. We hope you’ll be inspired as well. explore customer stories Learn & Support Learn & Support Resources Data science resources in one place. Blog Cheatsheets Videos View All Support Reach out. We’re here to help. Documentation Posit Community All Support Education Let us help you build data science skills. Champions Posit Academy Data Science Hangout Certified Partners Posit Full Service Certified Partners resell Posit’s professional products. Learn more our community We’re committed to the open source mission. And you’re a huge part of that. Go to Posit Community Certified Partners Posit Full Service Certified Partners resell Posit’s professional products. Learn more Explore More Explore More About We help the world make sense of data. Careers PBC Annual Report Swag Analyst Reports Industry reports about Posit and our suite of professional products. posit::conf Bringing together ideas, technologies, and people. Join us virtually or in person. Posit Community Community is a core part of Posit culture. See what sets us apart. Go to Community Additional Websites Interested in learning more about Posit? Explore these resources. Analyze tidyverse ggplot2 dplyr tidyr purrr Communicate Shiny Quarto flexdashboard R Markdown Integrate Professional Drivers Launcher Plugin SDK Environments sparklyr plumber reticulate Model Tensorflow tidymodels Spark MLib Vetiver Posit Community Community is a core part of Posit culture. See what sets us apart. Go to Community Pricing Download RStudio Products Products products Explore our open source, cloud, and enterprise products Open Source RStudio IDE RStudio Server Shiny Shiny Server R Packages Quarto Enterprise Posit Team Posit Workbench Posit Connect Posit Package Manager Posit Academy Cloud Posit Cloud Public Package Manager shinyapps.io Amazon SageMaker MS Azure View all Products Pricing We make data science available to everyone, regardless of your economic means. Academic Small & Medium Business Self service Enterprise Solutions Solutions Solutions Accelerate results with your data and our solutions. Solutions Databricks Python Pharma Finance Serious Data Science Business Intelligence Cloud Platform Amazon SageMaker Azure Posit Cloud AWS Google Cloud Go to Solutions Customer stories Our customers inspire us every day. We hope you’ll be inspired as well. explore customer stories Learn & Support Learn & Support Resources Data science resources in one place. Blog Cheatsheets Videos View All Support Reach out. We’re here to help. Documentation Posit Community All Support Education Let us help you build data science skills. Champions Posit Academy Data Science Hangout Certified Partners Posit Full Service Certified Partners resell Posit’s professional products. Learn more our community We’re committed to the open source mission. And you’re a huge part of that. Go to Posit Community Certified Partners Posit Full Service Certified Partners resell Posit’s professional products. Learn more Explore More Explore More About We help the world make sense of data. Careers PBC Annual Report Swag Analyst Reports Industry reports about Posit and our suite of professional products. posit::conf Bringing together ideas, technologies, and people. Join us virtually or in person. Posit Community Community is a core part of Posit culture. See what sets us apart. Go to Community Additional Websites Interested in learning more about Posit? Explore these resources. Analyze tidyverse ggplot2 dplyr tidyr purrr Communicate Shiny Quarto flexdashboard R Markdown Integrate Professional Drivers Launcher Plugin SDK Environments sparklyr plumber reticulate Model Tensorflow tidymodels Spark MLib Vetiver Posit Community Community is a core part of Posit culture. See what sets us apart. Go to Community Pricing Put data into production with Posit Connect Deploy all the work you create in R & Python with Posit Connect, including Shiny, Streamlit, Bokeh, and Dash applications. Quarto documents. Jupyter Notebooks. Models. Reports. Dashboards. Even APIs. With customizable access controls and authentication options that make IT happy. Get Started Contact Sales posit::conf(2024) See you in Seattle August 12-14! Learn More about Conf Scale open-source successfully Thousands of professional data science teams rely on our solutions and expertise to get the most out of their investments in R and Python. We'd love to help you adopt open-source data science at scale with tools built for data scientists, by data scientists. Talk to an expert Enterprise for professionals Securely share data-science applications across your team—and the enterprise. Learn More Open Source Our code is your code. Build on it. Share it. Improve people’s lives with it. Learn more Cloud Solutions Take the time and effort out of uploading, storing, accessing, and sharing your work. Learn more Customer Stories Celebrating data science success stories We love hearing about the amazing work being done with our tools around the world. And we really love sharing those stories. explore stories PING At PING, a small team of engineers, technologists, and data scientists harness the power of Posit Connect to democratize golf through data insights with a dynamic new user-facing application. Learn More City of Reykjavik The data science team in the city of Reykjavík, Iceland is using Posit Connect to impact the citizens of their city, one Shiny app at a time. Learn More Janssen Janssen scientists are most efficient when they have the ability to easily share code and applications, and collaborate with colleagues. Learn More Our Solutions We serve millions of users across all industries. Explore some of the ways our tools drive collaboration and build reproducible results. Python See how we help Pharma see how we help Financial services see how we help Data Sciences see how we help Business Intelligence see how we help Companies we work with Trusted by 52 of the Fortune 100 We’re always here to help Welcome to a community that’s accessible, inclusive, and empowering. Just like our products. Become a data science champion. Posit Champions Get the support you need. Posit Support Dive into our resources. Resource Hub Explore Data Science Hangouts. Upcoming Hangouts Subscribe to more inspiring open-source data science content. We want to help you go further with open-source data science. By subscribing, you'll get alerted whenever we publish new content. Subscribe The open source data science company Products Open Source Enterprise Cloud All Products Solutions Amazon SageMaker Microsoft Azure Posit Cloud All Solutions Resources Blog Cheatsheets Videos Champions Data Science Hangout Support Documentation Posit Community All Support Legal Terms State of California Policy contact us 250 Northern Ave Suite 420 Boston, MA 02210 844-448-1212 Chat with us info@posit.co © 2024 Posit Software, PBC formerly RStudio, PBC Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to bring you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences between your visits to our website. By clicking "Accept All," you consent to the use of ALL cookies. However, you may click on "Cookie Settings" to select the types of cookies you choose to use or avoid. Functional Functional Always active Data storage that enables specific features you have used or requested, or to enable transmissions over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences Data that stores your choices about your experience on our website. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. Data storage used for compiling statistics about how people use our website. These cookies are used for us to improve our site and better understand our community, and are not used to identify you. Marketing Marketing Data storage used to deliver you the most relevant and targeted content (which may include commercial information regarding our professional products and services), and to better understand the customers who sustain our business. Although we use this information internally, Posit will never sell your data to third parties or to advertisers. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept All Deny Cookie Settings Save preferences Cookie Settings {title} {title} {title} Manage consent