UND | Grand Forks, ND | University of North Dakota Skip to main content Open Menu Close Menu University of North Dakota Open Search Close Search University of North Dakota Info For Admitted Students Current Students Families of Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Logins Email Blackboard Campus Connection Employee Self-Service Starfish Degree Map Zoom Directory Search Search Submit Academics Admissions Student Life Research Athletics Majors & Programs About Menu University of North Dakota Academics Admissions Student Life Research Athletics Majors & Programs About Request Info Visit Apply Search Search Submit Request Info Visit Apply Search Submit Builtby the NorthLead Your Own Way University of North Dakota Leaders can come from anywhere, but they go to UND. Apply Request Info Visit Majors & Programs The University of North Dakota is the state's oldest and largest university. We offer 225+ highly accredited on-campus and online degrees. Data Science A high-demand field, you'll drive positive business decisions with meaningful data. Data Science Economics Studying the science of money is the gateway to careers in law, business and countless other fields. Economics Forensic Science Immerse yourself in the forensic lab and learn to apply science to various legal issues.Forensic Science Nursing Put compassionate care into practice. Nurses are needed now more than ever.Nursing Search Majors and Programs Submit Undergraduate Graduate & Professional Online & Off-Campus Choose Your Program Aerospace & Aviation Arts & Science Business Education Engineering Medicine, Nursing & Health Leaders in Action Our students embark on a journey to become leaders. Not just in what they say, but what they do. Through hard work and determination, we believe in work worth doing. Cobi Pimental, ’23 UAS & Commercial Aviation UND's student organizations and opportunities changed one student's future plans.Meet Cobi Olivia Rike-Hanson, ’24 Mathematics & Secondary Education Inspired by her grandmother's wisdom, Olivia hopes to become a math teacher.Meet Olivia Nichole Dumlao, ’25 Nursing Student finds network and fosters meaningful connections at UND.Meet Nichole All Belong At UND We value diverse peoples, perspectives and ideas. We take active steps to ensure a sense of belonging and equity for all. You Are Welcome Here The University of North Dakota values, honors, and supports all members of our campus community. Student Support and Services Hit the Red Carpet Since 1961, we annually celebrate culture and showcase diversity from around the world. Feast of Nations Celebrate MLK Join us as we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. MLK Day Dance, Dress and More! Time Out Week and the Wacipi Powwow are celebrations of Indigenous peoples and culture. Event Information We are #undproud We focus on our goals with the eye of the hawk, fight to overcome our challenges and celebrate our achievements. UND NEWS More #UNDproud BestValue College BestValue College UND consistently ranks among the best for educational quality, affordability and career outcomesEstimate Cost We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies, Privacy Information. I Agree Exit Site Back to Top Ready to Enroll? Request Information Schedule a Visit Apply Now UND.info@UND.edu 701.777.3000 YouTube Instagram Facebook X LinkedIn Contact UND Campus Map Events Calendar Diversity & Inclusion Explore Programs Employment Make a Gift University of North Dakota © 2024 University of North Dakota - Grand Forks, ND - Member of ND University System Accessibility & Website Feedback Terms of Use & Privacy Notice of Nondiscrimination Student Disclosure Information Title IX ©