Email Marketing Services - Benchmark Email Skip to content Menu Pricing Features Email Marketing Marketing Automation Marketing CRM Landing Pages Smart Design Smart Content eCommerce Lead Generation Reporting Integrations Resources Email Marketing Guide Free Email Templates Guides & Downloads Blog Customers Developers Login Sign Up Free EN EN Sign Up Free Login SignUp Menu Pricing Features Email Marketing Marketing Automation Marketing CRM Landing Pages Smart Design Smart Content eCommerce Lead Generation Reporting Integrations Resources Email Marketing Guide Free Email Templates Guides & Downloads Blog Customers Developers Login Sign Up Free EN EN Sign Up Free Login A powerfully simple email marketing platform. Have a minute? Answer a few questions to create your first email in a jiff. CREATE YOUR FIRST EMAIL (it's free! no credit card required.) https://www.benchmarkemail.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/3-Sell-More.mp4 Sell More Feature your products to grow new and repeat sales. Emails are mobile responsive, easily branded, and ready to delight subscribers in the inbox. Learn More Email Templates for Every Occasion All Holiday Non-Profits Monthly Newsletter Promo Birthday & Anniversary Announcement Restaurants eCommerce Invitation & Event Software & Technology Retail Sales & Marketing Finance Travel & Tourism Real Estate BROWSE ALL TEMPLATES Attract More Build your subscriber list with forms, pop-ups and landing pages. Learn More https://www.benchmarkemail.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/2-Attract-more.mp4 Integrations Connect with your favorite sales and marketing tools. Easily add contacts to Benchmark Email from your favorite platforms. Connect with more subscribers every month to grow sales. All Integrations https://www.benchmarkemail.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/4-Guess-Less.mp4 Guess Less Keep a pulse on email marketing Our tools let you test, measure and optimize campaigns. So easy, anyone can see a lift in their email marketing results. Learn More Get More Personal Go beyond the basic broadcast email. We've simplified email automation. With Benchmark, you don't need to be an automation expert to send tailored outreach that feels personal. Learn More More Love from Our Customers The templates and tools are very user friendly. Able to make a professional looking newsletter in a short amount of time. Easy learning curve to create great email blasts and content. Lots of support from Benchmark reaching out to make sure I was engaged. Name: Susan C. Title: Sales and Design Industry: Retail Company Size: 11-50 employees From: I like that Benchmark is clean looking and easy to navigate. You can create an email in no time. I like the email templates. MailChimp isn't easy to use and has virtually no customer service. I'm a yoga instructor, not an IT specialist Name: Noel W. Title: Yoga Instructor Industry: Health, Wellness and Fitness Size: 1 From: Great product. Setting up "if/then' sequences does wonders for my campaigns. The biggest benefit to me is being able to let the actions of my list determine which offers are sent to them. Great business booster. Name: Marvin B. Title: Director of Operations Industry: Marketing and Advertising Size: 1 From: Loving it! As a new user to emailing lists, automations, etc., Benchmark has been incredibly user friendly, simple and I actually switched over from mail chimp and much prefer it! Name: Nikita G. Title: Owner Industry: Health, Wellness and Fitness Size: 1 From: Easy to use, got 1600 contacts and emails out in just a few hours from start to finish. Email design was easy and professional. Name: Dave M. Title: Executive Industry: Non-Profit Size: 51-200 From: It's so easy to navigate through the whole process from registration to sending a completed email. Name: Michael J. Title: Organizer Industry: Politics Size: 51-200 From: Great Email list server. Easy for me to set up emails to my membership, the schedule feature is great. Name: John R. Title: Social Chair Industry: Hospitality Size: 1-10 From: Great product. Setting up "if/then' sequences does wonders for my campaigns. The biggest benefit to me is being able to let the actions of my list determine which offers are sent to them. Great business booster. Name: Marvin B. Title: Director of Operations Industry: Marketing and Advertising Size: 1 From: Free Forever. No Credit Card Required. Recent Posts: The Ultimate Guide to Boosting Engagement in Email Marketing Email Marketing Efficiency: Doing More with Less Time Partner & Contribute CompanyAbout Partners Product Updates Contact Us Call Us INTL 001.562.252.3789 USA 800.430.4095 UK (+44) 20 3695 2266 Get Help ResourcesThe Beginners Guide to Email Marketing The Email Design Guide The Email Copywriting Guide Choosing Email Marketing Software A Guide to Email Marketing for Agencies Benchmark Email vs. Mailchimp Marketing Automation Guide Video Tutorials Marketing Blog Partner & Contribute ProductEmail Marketing Marketing Automation Landing pages Lead Generation Reporting Integrations Pricing Benchmark Email ForMarketers Marketing Agencies Nonprofits Financial Services eCommerce Retail Hospitality Manufacturing Enterprise High Volume Senders Affiliates Sitemap. Privacy & Terms © Polaris Software, LLC 粤ICP备14001834号 Benchmark Email® is a registered trademark of Polaris Software, LLC English Español Deutsch 繁體中文 简体中文 日本語 Italiano Português (BR) Français Select your language English Español Deutsch 繁體中文 简体中文 日本語 Italiano Português (BR) Français We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings