Commentary Magazine – A Jewish magazine of politics, high culture, cultural and literary criticism, American and Israeli campaigns and elections, and world affairs. Close Login Access your Commentary account. Email address Password Remember me Login Forgot your password? Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Email Reset password Go back Home March 2024 Archive Donate Merch Subscribe Contact Search Login Home March 2024 Archive Donate Merch Subscribe Contact Search Login The monthly magazine of opinion. Podcast: SCOTUS, Trump, and the War on the JewsThe Latest Pod Here Daily Commentary Politics & Ideas What We’ve Got Here Is Failure to Communicate Seth Mandel Words but no actions in the Red Sea, actions but no words on Israel and Hamas. American Society The Deadly Manipulations of the Anti-Israel Mob Seth Mandel The 'genocide' lie and the campaign of human sacrifice. Campaigns & Elections How Can Biden Stay In Now?—Part 2 John Podhoretz The horrible polling gets more horrible. Campaigns & Elections How Can Biden Stay In Now? John Podhoretz An aged Joe is but a paltry thing, a tattered coat upon a stick. Anti-Semitism How to Solve a University’s Anti-Semitism Problem Seth Mandel It turns out the answer was staring us in the face the whole time. More Monthly Commentary March 2024 Issue Read Issue They’re Coming After Us, Part 2 John Podhoretz Is AI Just Theft Under Another Name? James B. Meigs Demolition Squad Matthew Continetti Don’t Blame Us. We’re Journalists. Christine Rosen Do Cry for Me, Argentina Meir Y. Soloveichik The Power Broke Her Adam J. White What Putin and Xi Have in Common Leon Aron What Price Is Too High? Seth Mandel A Brief History of the ‘AsAJew’ Eli Lake Joan Didion From the Couch Joseph Epstein Read Issue Podcast Subscribe play March 05, 2024 SCOTUS, Trump, and the War on the Jews View all Read the latest issue Intelligent opinions since 1945. Subscribe and support our efforts. Subscribe Donate a 501(c)(3) non profit organization Newsletter! About Advertise Privacy Terms Site design by beck & stone Close search-alt Type and press enter