Rockin' Indie Games one pixel at a time - IndieDB Rockin' Indie Games one pixel at a time Platforms Windows Mac Linux VR XONE PS4 Switch Customize Games Browse Popular Publishing Add Game Files Releases Addons Mods Upload Media Videos Images Audio Articles Reviews Headlines New Today Post Article Blog RSS Developers Engines Mod Support Jobs Post Job Community Giveaways Groups Forum Blogs Polls ? Hello guest! Join the IndieDB community. Network ModDB Register Sign In Username or Email Password Remember Me? Or Sign In With: Merc Tactics A turn based tactical strategy PC game. Cyborg3003 March update New screenshots / new map coming, check out the depth of field effect in the game. The Kepler Experiment Check out our latest screenshots and media. WRATH: Aeon of Ruin v1 is Out Heed the call of the Shepherd of Wayward Souls & defeat the Guardians of the Old World! The Action RPG Pale Coins Action RPG set in a fantasy world with challenging combat, open world exploration and a variety of items. First Dwarf - Dev Update #12 Animal frenzy, New Gameplay, Floating Islands and more… Games-as-a-Platform insights for indies Explore how GaaP is reshaping models and redefining engagement A Twisted Path To Renown The Auction, new bird for hunting, new server in OCE region and many many more! The Afflicted Forests - Gameplay Trailer Short trailer showing the current state of the combat system in The Afflicted Forests. Atmocity - 0.896 is live Depth of field work, new blocks and some added redundancy to recent fix. Post article RSS Latest Articles What is The Amazing Crackpots Club! ? 5hours ago The Amazing Crackpots Club! Do you have heard about The Amazing Crackpots Club!? Let's check it out together! Gather and Build Mechanics, Bike Riding, and More! 5hours ago Spookville: Cabin Escape You will need to collect and gather resources like wood and stone and use components to build up defenses around your cabin. Get around the Spookville... MicroProse got our back! 12hours ago Forgotten But Unbroken Centurion Developmets Partners with Legendary MicroProse! Introducing the cast 13hours ago The library of babel In this article, I will show you the work I´ve been doing on the front of character creation. I bring you the moldboard of three characters and a little... IONIZATION Video Game Intro Demo Version 1.0 13hours ago IONIZATION 2 comments The demo version with an opening part of the storyline is now freely available. Support AIdventure on Ko-fi.com to get cool rewards ! 13hours ago AIdventure AIdventure is a text adventure game with an AI as a story teller. It is shipped with more than 25 starting scenarios. From Fantasy to Lovecraft or zombie... Feb'uary 2024 Report 19hours ago CLOUDOME Alright, so out of two goals I set for Feb'uary I managed to do... both? Unfortunately, without the miracle of finishing coding the puzzles. Total Revamp: Steam Page, Socials & Demo (Chasmal Fear) Mar 5 2024 Chasmal Fear We’ve been quiet for some time now after the end of Steam Next Fest. The reason is: that we decided to do a total revamp, a complete overhaul of our... Circus of TimTim - Mascot Horror Comes Out 22 March 2024! Mar 5 2024 Circus of TimTim - Mascot Horror Game This is a first person stealth adventure horror game that takes place inside a run-down circus. Play as a sibling tasked to find her brother's missing... New Game Content - Version 1.2.0 Update Now Available Mar 4 2024 ZaciSa: Defense of the Crayon Dimension! New Map, 5 New Achievements + Steam Deck Support for this Tower Defense game from the Wii U era. Bajka games announces Beware of Light Mar 4 2024 Beware of Light We've thrilled to announce our first project: a "hard sci-fi" colony sim, set on a alien desert planet. Devlog #1 - Space Oddity Mar 4 2024 Space Oddity 1st Article about our small project - Space Oddity (#71 Dev Diary) Mechanical moves Mar 4 2024 Elfscape: Ancestors Hi :) Continuing presenting the moving elements from some more level environments. Dev sunday! - Roadmap, improved terrain & more networking Mar 4 2024 Obitus The development continues and we finally got a roadmap done for the game! Improved networking and a fresh new map! Dinos vs. Robots Fest! Mar 4 2024 Assembly RTS - Unleash Your Forces 1 comment Assembly RTS is a real-time strategy game with deep customization mechanics. Discover seemingly endless possibilities. Assemble your perfect army and... Yggdrasil development beginning! Mar 3 2024 Yggdrasil - VideoGames Lusófona Yggdrasil, the academic project game based off of Immigrant Song, by Led Zeppelin, is now beginning development. Yggdrasil is meant to be a reflective... Morels: The Hunt 2 Releases on Steam April 17th 2024. New Gameplay Trailer! Mar 3 2024 Morels: The Hunt 2 ‘Morels: The Hunt 2’ Challenges You To Become One With Nature In Unique Simulation Game Coming To STEAM. Steam & IndieDB Mar 3 2024 Comando Rio 2 comments The award-winning Call of Duty Rio is becoming a full game on Unreal Engine 5. This time focused on the best graphics available on modern PCs and Consoles... Rooster Mar 3 2024 Rooster In this article we take a look at "Rooster" a small gameboy game we are making for a school project The first devlog for Toll Of The Dead Mar 3 2024 Toll Of The Dead Welcome to our first devlog. In our first devblog we will intrudoce you to the game we are creating. Placeables V2 Mar 3 2024 Blade Ballad 1 comment The first public release of Blade Ballad is out as an early access demo. It introduces standard game systems and a Placeables building system. NPCs and... Act V Screenshots Mar 2 2024 Captain Disaster and The Two Worlds of Riskara Some previously unseen screenshots from Act V of the game! Esperia V1.3 - New Battle UI and special promotion Mar 2 2024 Esperia ~ Uprising of the Scarlet Witch ~ For the one-year anniversary of Esperia, we introduce a fully reworked battle UI and a short time-limited 40% reduction! DD#161 Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night Mar 2 2024 [Neolithic]To the End Summary of Week 160 1, <<The Legend of An Elf King>> is now completed. 2, After 20 years in real life have passed, you can finally romance the Dark Elf... Skelethrone: The Prey Release Date Announcement Mar 2 2024 News It is with great excitement that we announce Skelethrone: The Prey to be released on March 14! The countdown is on! Only 2 weeks left. Spider Fox officially releases April 3rd on Steam! Mar 2 2024 Spider Fox Rescue & Save Helpless Animals In Need Of Aid! Previously announced Spider Fox is scheduled to release on PC via STEAM™ on April 3rd this spring. Produced... Blood & Chaos, Party-based RPG Roguelike: Week #30 update Mar 2 2024 Blood & Chaos This week we show the Demo intro "Comics" (illustrations are placeholders), the new range enemy behaviour (using barrels and explosions) and the Demo... Devlog #3 Mar 2 2024 News DEVLOG #3 New map Hi all, here I am with a new devlog on my upcoming project! Last time I talked about the new map I was developing, a small village located... Something's Brewing in the Abbey #100 Mar 2 2024 Ale Abbey - In Hops we Trust One hundred weekly posts on Ale Abbey's development - and we still haven't lost any Steam! Pandarunium demo ready for play! Mar 1 2024 Pandarunium The Pandarunium demo is ready for public trials! The game has gotten to the point where I think having some great commmunity members on IndieDb can see... Post article | More articles >> No articles were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the article list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Post article and help us achieve our mission of showcasing the best content from all developers. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments. Add game Popular Games View All Top Games Shinobi Wars MOBA Crisis Response Tactical Shooter BEWARE Adventure Left 4 Quake First Person Shooter FUN First Person Shooter 3Dash Platformer Five Nights at Freddy's Point and Click Paul's Lost Remains Adventure Slender: The Eight Pages Adventure Forsaken Prison Adventure Fractured Mind - Demo First Person Shooter Leaden Sky Tactical Shooter Project Wheelman Car Combat Cry of Fear First Person Shooter Garry's Mod First Person Shooter IONIZATION First Person Shooter Myriavora Third Person Shooter Haunted Mine Adventure Evil Crow Adventure Undertale Yellow Role Playing Add job Jobs View All Post Job Ad Clevrer Lead Concept Artist Needed Clevrer Lead Gameplay Designer Compeer Entertainment [Revenue Share] General/AI Programmer Compeer Entertainment [Revenue Share] Animator/Rigger Diamond Games Awesome! Team looking for UE5 "Developer","Animator" Diamond Games Amazing! "UE4 Programmer","Blueprints", "Programming", "C++" Diamond Games Amazing Team Looking For More Talent!, "programmer", "CPP", "C++", "UE5" Forum Discussion View Forums Active Topics 1hour ago halfield power plant life 2hours ago Problem with a mod of the Suika Game 17hours ago LayaAir engine Released alpha version 3.1 with built-in AIGC features Mar 4 2024 After article gets archived, can it be fixed? Mar 3 2024 PC Hardware Upgrades Mar 3 2024 archive button Report Poll Games today are better from games in my childhood Modern games are sooo much better Nope! Nostalgia for the win Both are good Mod SDK & Community Love mods and want them in your game? mod.io is created by IndieDB and aims to make it easy to integrate and launch a mod community Blog About Advertise Contact Submit Game Publishing Mod Support Site Map 884 Online Socialize X Facebook Youtube ModDB © 2010 - 2024 DBolical Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. No katana. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies