Home | AAP Internet Explorer Alert It appears you are using Internet Explorer as your web browser. Please note, Internet Explorer is no longer up-to-date and can cause problems in how this website functionsThis site functions best using the latest versions of any of the following browsers: Edge, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, or Safari. You can find the latest versions of these browsers at https://browsehappy.com Login Publications shopAAP PediaLink HealthyChildren.org Shopping cart Go to Cart Checkout Clear Cart Order Subtotal Your cart is empty. Looks like you haven't added anything to your cart. View Saved Items Go Shopping Loading AAP Home News Membership Career Resources Research Philanthropy About the AAP Policy The Role of the Pediatrician in the Promotion of Healthy, Active Living How Can You Support Patients in Healthy, Active Living? Check Out Updated Report Helping Kids Build Healthy Active Lives: AAP Policy Explained Climate Change & Children’s Health: AAP Policy Explained News Releases Policy Collections Advocacy The State of Children in 2020 Healthy Children Secure Families Strong Communities A Leading Nation for Youth Transition Plan: Advancing Child Health in the Biden-Harris Administration Health Care Access & Coverage Immigrant Child Health Gun Violence Prevention Tobacco & E-Cigarettes Vaccines Child Nutrition Assault Weapons Bans Childhood Immunizations E-Cigarette and Tobacco Products Children’s Health Care Coverage Fact Sheets Opioid Fact Sheets Advocacy Training Modules Subspecialty Advocacy Report AAP Washington Office Internship PediaLink Online Courses Live and Virtual Activities National Conference and Exhibition Prep®- Pediatric Review and Education Programs Journals and Publications NRP NRP LMS Login Patient Care Practice Management Community AAP Committees AAP Councils AAP Sections Volunteer Network Join a Chapter Chapter Websites Chapter Executive Directors District Map Healthy Children shopAAP AAP Home News Membership Career Resources Research Philanthropy About the AAP Policy The Role of the Pediatrician in the Promotion of Healthy, Active Living How Can You Support Patients in Healthy, Active Living? Check Out Updated Report Helping Kids Build Healthy Active Lives: AAP Policy Explained Climate Change & Children’s Health: AAP Policy Explained News Releases Policy Collections Advocacy The State of Children in 2020 Healthy Children Secure Families Strong Communities A Leading Nation for Youth Transition Plan: Advancing Child Health in the Biden-Harris Administration Health Care Access & Coverage Immigrant Child Health Gun Violence Prevention Tobacco & E-Cigarettes Vaccines Child Nutrition Assault Weapons Bans Childhood Immunizations E-Cigarette and Tobacco Products Children’s Health Care Coverage Fact Sheets Opioid Fact Sheets Advocacy Training Modules Subspecialty Advocacy Report AAP Washington Office Internship PediaLink Online Courses Live and Virtual Activities National Conference and Exhibition Prep®- Pediatric Review and Education Programs Journals and Publications NRP NRP LMS Login Patient Care Practice Management Community AAP Committees AAP Councils AAP Sections Volunteer Network Join a Chapter Chapter Websites Chapter Executive Directors District Map Healthy Children shopAAP More shopAAP Shopping cart Go to Cart Checkout Clear Cart Order Subtotal Your cart is empty. Looks like you haven't added anything to your cart. View Saved Items Go Shopping Loading Create Account Login Explore AAP Close Publications shopAAP PediaLink HealthyChildren.org Home News News Get the latest news from the AAP including press statements, the AAP Voices Blog, the Pediatrics OnCall Podcast and more! News Our News Sources News from the AAP Latest Studies in Pediatrics Pediatrics OnCall Podcast AAP News AAP Voices Blog Campaigns and Toolkits Spokesperson Resources Membership Membership There’s a place for you in the Academy no matter where you are in your career. Learn more about all our membership categories. Membership Be a Part of the AAP Join the AAP Exclusive for Members Membership FAQs AAP Membership Directory Member Advantage Programs Red Book Member Benefit My Membership Join a Council Join a Section Join a Chapter National Election Center Career Resources Career Resources Find valuable resources to assist you in your pediatrics career from pre-med and training to finding a job and growing a thriving practice. Career Resources Path to Pediatrics Pre-Med Medical Students Pediatric Residents Fellowship Trainees Planning Your Career Conducting Your Job Search Making Career Transitions Retirement Research Research AAP original research, including a robust practice-based research network, addresses important questions regarding pediatric practice and the health and well being of children. Research AAP Research COVID-19 State-Level Data Reports Children and COVID-19 Vaccination Trends Practice Research in the Office Setting (PROS) Pediatrician Life and Career Experience Study (PLACES) Periodic Survey Annual Survey of Graduating Residents Child Population Characteristics Trends Child Health Trends Child Health Care Trends Philanthropy Philanthropy The AAP is dedicated to the health of all children and the pediatric professionals who care for them. Learn how your gifts makes that possible. Philanthropy Friends of Children Fund Tomorrow’s Children Endowment Disaster Recovery Fund Donate Monthly Giving Plans Honor a Person You Care About Donor-Advised Funds AAP in Your Will Become a Corporate Partner About the AAP About the AAP Learn more about the American Academy of Pediatrics including our mission, leadership and commitment to the optimal health and well-being of all children. About the AAP Learn More About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Equity and Inclusion Efforts RFP Opportunities Board of Directors Senior Leadership Team Constitution & By-Laws Strategic Plan News Membership Career Resources Research Philanthropy About the AAP Moving Pediatrics Forward Our new campaign champions the achievements of pediatric medicine and advocacy. Learn More Log In to Your Account Access your account, the AAP Member Directory, transcripts and more. Already logged in? Find your Account here. Your Vote Counts! 2024 Section/Council Elections are underway. Become a Member Not a member yet? Learn more about the benefits of AAP membership. What's New at the AAP Practice Guidance for Patients With Measles February 22, 2024 Patient Care Climate Change & Children’s Health: AAP Policy Explained February 20, 2024 Information for Parents The Role of the Pediatrician in the Promotion of Healthy, Active Living February 26, 2024 Policy Statement AAP Report Offers Strategies to Counter Vaccine Hesitancy February 26, 2024 Clinical Report Learning Opportunities Continuing Medical Education from AAP helps you stay current in practice and provides tools and resources for every stage of your career. See More Ways to Learn Online Courses Meeting your learning needs at every stage of your career. Live & Virtual Events Find in-person and virtual activities. We offer the best pediatric CME/CPD for the best pediatric care. Neonatal Resuscitation Program® The NRP® course conveys an evidence-based approach to care of the newborn at birth and facilitates effective team-based care for newborns at the time of delivery. Career Resources From your time as a medical student to becoming a pediatric resident and beyond, there are resources and opportunities only available through AAP. See More Career Resources PedJobs The official job board, connects the nation's top health network employers with pediatricians and pediatric specialists everywhere. Making Career Transitions The AAP provides words of wisdom for common changes such as switching from full- to part-time, moving from clinical to administrative positions, and reentry. Physician Health & Wellness The pathway to wellness is multifaceted. Explore these resources to find how best to build your own wellness and joy in medicine. Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion From the beginning, the American Academy of Pediatrics has been guided by its mission to ensure the health and well-being of all children. This includes promoting nurturing, inclusive environments and actively opposing intolerance, bigotry, bias, and discrimination. Our Equity Agenda Global Health We work for every child's future. The AAP's global mission is to attain optimal physical, mental, and social health and well-being for all children around the world. Our Global Initiatives Donate You have the power to change a life. The AAP is dedicated to the health of all children and the pediatric professionals who care for them. Your gift today makes that possible. Donate Now More AAP Resources Collaborate Connect with other AAP members and explore the AAP communities you belong to. Journals & Publications The American Academy of Pediatrics is the leading publisher, globally, in the field and practice of Pediatrics. shopAAP shopAAP is the official store of the American Academy of Pediatrics. All purchases directly benefit and support the health and well-being of all infants, children, adolescents, and young adults. Find a new look and feel now on shopAAP! We're 67​,000 pediatricians committed to the optimal physical, mental, and social health and well-being for all infants, children, adolescents, and young adults. AAP Home Policy Advocacy PediaLink Practice Management Patient Care Community Healthy Children shopAAP Privacy Statement Terms of Use Support Center Code of Conduct Contact Us © Copyright 2024 American Academy of Pediatrics. All rights reserved. Feedback Form