U.S. Hunger Relief Organization | Feeding America Skip to main content Search Need Help Sign UpSign up for our Newsletter Donate Give Today Give Monthly Give in Honor Search Donor Account Find Food Donate Give Today Give Monthly Give in Honor Toggle navigation Hungerin America OurWork TakeAction Find aFood bank HungerBlog node 825 Nourish communities with healthy food access! Donate now to increase access to healthy foods nationwide. We prioritize the nutrition and health of our neighbors. Join us in making a positive difference so all communities can thrive! GIVE TODAY Tell Congress: Invest in nutrition programs ACT NOW Increasing fresh produce access for neighbors READ MORE Enter your zip code to find food near you GO Our Vision: An America without Hunger Feeding America is the largest charity working to end hunger in the United States. We partner with food banks, food pantries, and local food programs to bring food to people facing hunger. We advocate for policies that create long-term solutions to hunger. Learn more about our work › On No One Can Thrive on an Empty Stomach 44 million people face hunger in the U.S. — including more than 13 million children. Hunger knows no boundaries — it touches every community in the U.S., including your own. Learn more about the facts, and the impact, of hunger in the U.S. › Help End Hunger Today Give Today › Make a secure donation via credit card or PayPal. Donate Now › Give Monthly › Provide meals year-round to your neighbors. Donate Monthly › Fundraise › Start a fundraiser or support an existing campaign. Learn More › Volunteer › Give your time and serve your community. Pledge to Volunteer › On Join Us: Get Updates & Get Involved Our Partners With the support of our generous partners, the Feeding America network is meeting the needs of families across the country helping them build a brighter future. Learn more about our partners › As Seen on TV Children like Elijah need food to thrive. Your monthly support means families can bring healthy meals home. Give $19 a month and get a FREE canvas grocery bag! Give Monthly Recent News How Feeding America works with farmers Farmers are critical partners in the fight against hunger. Learn how Feeding America and farmers work together every year. Learn More Farm partnership an opportunity 'to have a healthier way of life' A partnership with a network of farmers and a South Carolina food bank is helping connect neighbors facing hunger with fresh produce. Learn More Affirmation and love in Los Angeles: 'I have something else to give' In the heart of South-Central Los Angeles, a community often defined by its resilience, there's a narrative of transformation and hope unfolding through the dedicated efforts of Judy Starr at Learn More Visit our Facebook page Visit our Twitter feed Visit our Instagram 161 North Clark Street, Suite 700 Chicago, IL 60601 tel: 1-800-771-2303 Contact About Us Careers Programs Equity Impact Fund Partners Leadership History Annual Report Why Feeding America Press Releases Podcast Research Map the Meal Gap Charitable Food Assistance Coronavirus and Food Insecurity Hunger and Health Interactive Data Policy and Benefits Program Evaluation Race and Ethnicity Senior Hunger Research Technical Advisory Group Teen Hunger Research Ways to Give Give Monthly Fundraise Honor & Memorial Gifts Donor Advised Funds Planned Giving Give Stocks and Funds Give by Mail or Phone Give Cryptocurrency Workplace Giving Matching Gifts Food Drives FAQ Hunger Facts Children Seniors African Americans Latinos Native Americans Rural Communities Hunger and Nutrition Impact of Hunger Privacy Policy Donor Privacy Contact Us En Español Manage Gift HungerNet Copyright © 2024 Feeding America. All Rights Reserved. Feeding America is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit recognized by the IRS. Tax ID Number: 36-3673599 Photos associated with client stories feature the actual person referenced. Other images are for illustrative purposes only.