Science 2.0 | ® The world's best scientists, the Internet's smartest readers. Ø Ø Ø FAQ | Register Now | Sign In Full Site Physical Sciences Earth Sciences Life Sciences Medicine Social Sciences Culture Newsletter HOME PHYSICAL SCIENCESPHYSICSSPACECHEMISTRYAPPLIED PHYSICSAEROSPACEOPTICSEARTH SCIENCESENVIRONMENTENERGYATMOSPHERICPALEONTOLOGYGEOLOGYOCEANOGRAPHYLIFE SCIENCESGENETICS & MOLECULAR BIOLOGYEVOLUTIONMICROBIOLOGYECOLOGY & ZOOLOGYIMMUNOLOGYNEUROSCIENCEMEDICINECANCER RESEARCHPUBLIC HEALTHPHARMACOLOGYCLINICAL RESEARCHAGINGVISIONSOCIAL SCIENCESANTHROPOLOGYARCHAEOLOGYPSYCHOLOGYSCIENCE EDUCATION & POLICYSCIENCE HISTORYPHILOSOPHY & ETHICSCULTURETECHNOLOGYMATHEMATICSSCIENCE & SOCIETYSPORTS SCIENCERANDOM THOUGHTSHUMORVIDEO CONTRIBUTORS Subscribe to the newsletter [x] Stay in touch with the scientific world! ALL FEATURED ARTICLES » Six-muon Events Probe Proton... By Tommaso Dorigo Does Learning A Foreign Language Stimulate... By Anton Lucanus Inflaming The Myths Of COVID-19 Vaccines By W. Glen Pyle A Million-Year-Old Mammoth May Hold The Key... By Irena Šoljić Up-to-date With The Big Bang, Mass, And Protons By Robert H Olley PHYSICAL SCIENCES » Paleomagnetists Create Controversy So They Can Solve It Did you even know there was a discipline called paleomagnetics? Probably... Read > Did Environmental Working Group Manufacture A... A New Free Tool For The Optimization Of Muon Tomograph... On Overfitting In Statistics And In Machine Learning An Idea For Future Calorimetry All Physical Sciences » EARTH SCIENCES » Devastation In Chile Amplified By 1960 Magnitude 9.5 Quake Geologists at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) say the massive... Read > Carbon Offsets Won't Work Until There Is Science... New Analysis Adds To The Heat Pump Controversy New York City Is Not The Future - Metro Areas... New York Has A Mild Winter Two Weeks In - Global... All Earth Sciences » LIFE SCIENCES » RNA Beads And Springs In Elastic Network Model A group of scientists at SISSA have proposed a quick alternative for predicting... Read > 1 In 10 Pregnant Women Who Get COVID-19 May Get... Cigarettes Have Long-Term Consequences For The... Seizures Implicated In SIDS And SUDC Deaths We're So Wealthy Even Poor People Can Afford To... All Life Sciences » MEDICINE » Estradiol Hormone Used During Menopause Linked To Cocaine... Estradiol is an estrogen hormone used medically during menopause and after... Read > It's About Calories, So Kimchi Is Not A Weight... COVID-19: Healthcare Workers Exited At Dramatically... Safe: In Utero Exposure To Maternal COVID-19 Vaccinati... The Link Between Stomach Woes And Bad Breath All Medicine » SOCIAL SCIENCES » We Perform Best When No One Tells Us What To Do How can companies get the best possible performance out of their employees... Read > Reduce School Violence By Eliminating Grades,... Sociology: The Illegal Immigration Problem Is... Older Transgender People Use The Emergency Room... Barely Half Of The Public Now Trusts Science ... All Social Sciences » CULTURE » Nonlinear Dynamics Approach To Sleep Disorders Sleep is such an essential part of human existence that we spend about a third... Read > Gender Bias: Both Men And Women Prefer To See... The Most Likely To Confront Racism Are White People The Hill Promotes A Cell Phone Conspiracy Theorist AI And The End Of Human Exceptionalism All Culture » Did Environmental Working Group Manufacture A Study Just To Sue Quaker Oats?On February 15th, the litigation outfit known as Environmental Working Group, most famous for using public USDA data (although excluding pesticides from the organic food companies which fund them) to compile a 'Dirty Dozen list' of foods which contain pesticide residues (100 percent of them) but ...By Hank Campbell A New Free Tool For The Optimization Of Muon Tomography Muon tomography is one of the most important spinoffs of fundamental research with particle detectors -if not the most important. It was realized already some sixty years ago that muons produced in the upper atmosphere by energetic cosmic radiation (protons or light nuclei) constituted a very ...By Tommaso Dorigo On Overfitting In Statistics And In Machine LearningI recently held an accelerated course in "Statistical data analysis for fundamental science" for the Instats site. Within only 15 hours of online lectures (albeit these are full 1-hour blocks, unlike the leaky academic-style hours that last 75% of that) I had to cover not just parameter estimation ...By Tommaso Dorigo An Idea For Future CalorimetryA calorimeter in physics is something that measures heat. However, there are mainly two categories of such objects: ones that measure macroscopic amounts of heat, and ones that measure the heat released by subatomic particles when they smash against matter. I am sure you guess which is the class ...By Tommaso Dorigo Carbon Offsets Won't Work Until There Is Science In How Trees Are PlantedFormer Vice-President Al Gore has a giant mansion but buys carbon offsets to mitigate the damage. Do they work?It depends, and that means it is unlikely. Lots of corporations dove into the carbon offset market, Mr. Gore made hundreds of millions of dollars investing in them, but there is no standard ...By Hank Campbell New Analysis Adds To The Heat Pump ControversyDecades before solar and wind took over green marketing dollars, back when environmentalists still promoted natural gas and hydroelectric power, heat pumps became an energy-saving fad.The problem with them became evident nearly as fast as that electric car range you think you'll get - it is only ...By Hank Campbell New York City Is Not The Future - Metro Areas With Multiple Hubs IsNew York City makes no sense on paper. It is expensive to get into, expensive to live in, yet crowded and dirty. The heat is overwhelming in the summer while in the winter the wind effect among all those buildings cut can through your parka.There is no way to undo its monocentric development now ...By News Staff New York Has A Mild Winter Two Weeks In - Global Climate Change ImplicatedWe're only two weeks into winter and a New York university is already declaring above-average temperatures in 2023 a result of global climate change. Cornell University scholars say 28 cities in the region have experienced top-five warm temperatures, but they cite claims from as far back ...By Hank Campbell 1 In 10 Pregnant Women Who Get COVID-19 May Get A Long Covid DiagnosisAny long-term effects of COVID-19, which originated in China and became the third coronavirus pandemic of the century, in the general adult population remain unclear. Some clearly have it while others are told it as an undefined blanket term, like fibromyalgia or chronic lyme disease.A new paper ...By News Staff Cigarettes Have Long-Term Consequences For The Immune SystemCigarettes are a co-morbidity for almost everything and a risk factor for the rest, but it isn't just first-order disease that may be in the future of cigarette smokers.A cohort of 1,000 healthy volunteers aged 20 to 70 in 2011 were examined to see why human immune systems vary significantly in ...By News Staff Seizures Implicated In SIDS And SUDC DeathsAn examination of more than 300 sudden, unexpected deaths in young children, which usually occur during sleep, commonly known as SIDS in babies or SUDC in toddlers, including extensive medical record analysis and video evidence donated by families to document the inexplicable deaths ...By News Staff We're So Wealthy Even Poor People Can Afford To Be Fat - Ask For Less Fatty Liver Disease For Christmas The upside to greater wealth equality than at any point in human history is that nearly everyone can afford food for the first time ever. The famines of the 1980s have been effectively eliminated by science. The downside is that cultural maturity has not kept pace with our biological mandate to ...By News Staff It's About Calories, So Kimchi Is Not A Weight Loss Superfood - But You May Eat LessFermented foods have become popular in recent years, partly due to their perceived health benefits.For instance, there is some evidence eating or drinking fermented foods can improve blood glucose control in people with diabetes. They can lower blood lipid (fats) levels and blood pressure in people ...By The Conversation COVID-19: Healthcare Workers Exited At Dramatically Higher RatesLike some soldiers become conscientious objectors if they end up in an actual military situation, or when over 300 armed government union employees suddenly forgot they had guns while kids were being murdered in Uvalde, healthcare workers, 18.8 million strong just in the US, were more likely to ...By Hank Campbell Safe: In Utero Exposure To Maternal COVID-19 VaccinationAn analysis of 2,261 and 1,940 infants ages 12 and 18 months, respectively, found that COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy had no impact on infant neurodevelopment. There was concern about vaccines by pregnant women because American epidemiologists had spent decades promoting the belief ...By Hank Campbell The Link Between Stomach Woes And Bad BreathIf you have bad breath and it hasn't been an issue your entire life, the most common cause may be that garlic and Limburger cheese sandwich you ate at lunch, but sometimes it's not a lifestyle issue. It could be an oral issue but it could also be a stomach one.Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) ...By News Staff Reduce School Violence By Eliminating Grades, Say Academic PsychologistsOne of the few things that can get a government union employee in a mandatory industry like education fired is hitting a student. Yet the link between increased tolerance and less accountability for students has correlated to increased violence by teachers. If there are no repercussions for behavior ...By Hank Campbell Sociology: The Illegal Immigration Problem Is Making All Latinos More StressedA sociological look at data from 2011-2018 led the authors of a new paper to cite an increase over time in psychological distress among Latinos, including citizens, in the U.S. They cite changes in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which was deemed illegal by the courts ...By News Staff Older Transgender People Use The Emergency Room For Psychological Issues More, Concern About Timely CareTransgender and gender-diverse Medicare beneficiaries use significantly more emergency department services than cisgender people, particularly for psychological care, and these visits were more likely to be followed by an admission. It brings up an obvious question; with outsized use of emergency ...By News Staff Barely Half Of The Public Now Trusts Science - What To DoWhen I was young, conservatives and liberals had equally high levels of trust in science. And it was high. Only progressives thought science was not a force for public good.In the 1980s, President Reagan wanted to fund a lot more of it, while Democrats in Congress wanted student loans to be unlimited ...By Hank Campbell Gender Bias: Both Men And Women Prefer To See Women In Google Image SearchesIf Google image search results overwhelmingly returned results showing men, that would be evidence that ending gender bias still has a long way to go. In the bias community, results showing women are the same thing.And the authors of a new paper say female and male gender associations are more ...By Hank Campbell The Most Likely To Confront Racism Are White PeopleWhite people are more likely to confront those who post racist content on social media. On surveys, at least, but on surveys very few people say they are anti-science, or even anti-vaccine. Not from 1998 to 2021, when coastal cities dominated vaccine exemptions, and not from 2021 on when middle ...By News Staff The Hill Promotes A Cell Phone Conspiracy TheoristThe Hill published a cell phone conspiracy theorist.Sorry, "epidemiologist", which in the Clinton administration was the same thing. His presidency was sort of a Golden Age for anti-science Boomers. He wiped out real FDA oversight of supplements, so those are now a gigantic parasitic industry, ...By Hank Campbell AI And The End Of Human ExceptionalismOver the last two years, generative AI has smashed our ideas of what intelligence means, what AI can and cannot do, and of our place in the cosmos. A two-thousand year old journey from Aristotle to today, has culminated in a moment where human exceptionalism has finally been challenged. The barriers ...By Mark Pierce Blogs » Where's Tommaso? By Tommaso Dorigo March is here, and with it begins a season of intense travel for me - something which for some... more » What Is And Is Not Plagiarism In Scientific Papers? Neri Oxman And Claudine By Hontas Farmer The online discourse of our time has come to the issue of plagiarism. Now Claudine Gay and Neri... more » The Azolla Event: when is a fern not a fern? By Robert H Olley This plant above is what is regarded as a typical fern. However, a quite different looking type... more » By Anonymous ... more » All Blogs » Know Science And Want To Write? Apply for a column: writing@science20.com Donate or Buy SWAG DonateSWAG Please donate so science experts can write for the public. At Science 2.0, scientists are the journalists, with no political bias or editorial control. We can't do it alone so please make a difference. We are a nonprofit science journalism group operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code that's educated over 300 million people. You can help with a tax-deductible donation today and 100 percent of your gift will go toward our programs, no salaries or offices. Popular NowNew CommentsEvents 'Food Is Medicine' Gurus Link Processed Food To Basically Every Disease Boiling Water To Remove 'Microplastics' Is So Dumb Even Washingon Post Won't Endorse It. Oh Wait... Where's Tommaso? National Medal of Science Nominations Now Open North America Is About To Get Its Longest Partial Eclipse In The Last 580 years Farmers Can Get Infrastructure Funds From The Government Now Also - But You Have To Apply By Nov. 22 US Ag Secretary Perdue To Debate EU Ag Commissioner Wojciechowski On Food Regulations Wednesday - Tune In Here Natural History Museum of Utah: Research Quest Live Is Hosting Free Daily Classes For Kids LinksHot Topics Science 2.0 Links Interesting insights from outside Science 2.0 Current Topic:Is BPA Safe Or Not?The best writers in science tackle science's hottest topics. Skin Deep: Our Most Visible Organ Is a Reflection of Our Health UK wants to lower social support costs by having disabled people work from home; it's not that simple more Who'sOnline? < Hank Campbell326 guests> About Us | Contact Us | RSS | Terms | Privacy | Copyright and Removal | Advertise with Us © 2024 Science 2.0