Government of Saskatchewan Skip to Main Content Saskatchewan Language Google Translate Disclaimer A number of pages on the Government of Saskatchewan's website have been professionally translated in French. These translations are identified by a yellow box in the right or left rail that resembles the link below. The home page for French-language content on this site can be found at: Renseignements en Français Where an official translation is not available, Google™ Translate can be used. Google™ Translate is a free online language translation service that can translate text and web pages into different languages. Translations are made available to increase access to Government of Saskatchewan content for populations whose first language is not English. Software-based translations do not approach the fluency of a native speaker or possess the skill of a professional translator. The translation should not be considered exact, and may include incorrect or offensive language. The Government of Saskatchewan does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information translated by this system. Some files or items cannot be translated, including graphs, photos and other file formats such as portable document formats (PDFs). Any person or entities that rely on information obtained from the system does so at his or her own risk. Government of Saskatchewan is not responsible for any damage or issues that may possibly result from using translated website content. If you have any questions about Google™ Translate, please visit: Google™ Translate FAQs. Residents and Visitors Business and Industry Government Services Find services and information for Saskatchewan residents and visitors. Overview Births, Deaths, Marriages and Divorces Education and Learning Emergency Environment, Public Health and Safety Family and Social Support First Nations, Métis and Northern Citizens Health Housing – Renting, Owning and Developing Immigrating and Moving to Saskatchewan Jobs, Working and Training Justice, Crime and the Law Parks, Culture, Heritage and Sport Saskatchewan Supports Ukraine Taxes, Budgeting and Investments Transportation Voting, Consultations and Democracy Find services and information for doing business in Saskatchewan. Overview Agriculture, Natural Resources and Industry COVID-19 Information for Businesses and Workers Doing Business with Government Employment Standards Entrepreneurs Start or Exit a Business Environmental Protection and Sustainability First Nations, Métis and Northern Community Businesses Hire, Train and Manage Employees Housing Development, Construction and Property Management Investment and Economic Development Safety in the Workplace Taxes, Licensing and Reporting Transportation and Road Construction Find how the Government of Saskatchewan governs and serves the province. Overview Budget, Planning and Reporting Cabinet, Ministries, Agencies and Other Governments Partnerships for Success Cannabis in Saskatchewan Doing Business with Government Educational Institutions and Child Care Facility Administration Federal Carbon Tax Find People and Government Offices Government Publications Health Care Administration and Provider Resources Heritage, Honours and Awards News and Media Legislation, Maps and Authenticating Notarized Documents Municipal Administration Our Stories Public Engagement Statistics and Government Data Training and Workshops Visual Identity and Protocol Overview Residents and Visitors Services Business and Industry Services Government Services Services Directory Find out why Agrocorp and other international businesses are choosing to invest in Saskatchewan. ThinkSask showcases Saskatchewan business opportunities to international markets. ThinkSask.ca Quick Links I want to... Live in Saskatchewan Work in Saskatchewan Learn about Saskatchewan Immigrate How to Apply to SINP Using an Immigration Representative Resolving Immigration Issues Find Newcomer Services Trade and Invest International Offices Invest and Do Business Our Key Economic Sectors Key Economic Indicators Education Studying in Saskatchewan PreK-12 Education for Newcomers K-12 School Divisions Universities and Colleges Learn about Saskatchewan's International Offices Study In Saskatchewan Moving From Outside Canada to Study in Saskatchewan Invest in Saskatchewan Discover Saskatchewan's Competitive Advantages 2:08PM in SK 1,218,976 population Over 300 days of sun per year Premier Scott Moe "It’s an honour to serve the people of Saskatchewan. Our government will always stand with the people of this great province." Premier Scott Moe Recent News March 5, 2024 Saskatchewan Creating New Breast Health Centre Expansion of Age Eligibility for Breast Screening to Include ages 40-49 The government of Saskatchewan is investing in several breast cancer... March 5, 2024 Don't Leave Your Fishing Shelter on Ice, Remove it Soon! Attention, winter anglers: all good things must end and the deadlines to get your fishing shelters off the ice are coming up quickly. But make sure... View All News Stories Contact Us Email Phone Facebook Twitter Residents and Visitors Births, Deaths, Marriages and Divorces Education and Learning Emergency Environment, Public Health and Safety Family and Social Support First Nations, Métis and Northern Citizens Health Housing – Renting, Owning and Developing Immigrating and Moving to Saskatchewan Jobs, Working and Training Justice, Crime and the Law Parks, Culture, Heritage and Sport Saskatchewan Supports Ukraine Taxes, Budgeting and Investments Transportation Voting, Consultations and Democracy Business and Industry Agriculture, Natural Resources and Industry COVID-19 Information for Businesses and Workers Doing Business with Government Employment Standards Entrepreneurs Start or Exit a Business Environmental Protection and Sustainability First Nations, Métis and Northern Community Businesses Hire, Train and Manage Employees Housing Development, Construction and Property Management Investment and Economic Development Safety in the Workplace Taxes, Licensing and Reporting Transportation and Road Construction Government Budget, Planning and Reporting Cabinet, Ministries, Agencies and Other Governments Partnerships for Success Cannabis in Saskatchewan Doing Business with Government Educational Institutions and Child Care Facility Administration Federal Carbon Tax Find People and Government Offices Government Publications Health Care Administration and Provider Resources Heritage, Honours and Awards News and Media Legislation, Maps and Authenticating Notarized Documents Municipal Administration Our Stories Public Engagement Statistics and Government Data Training and Workshops Visual Identity and Protocol Services Residents and Visitors Services Business and Industry Services Government Services Services Directory Services disponibles en français Accessibility Contact Us Copyright Privacy Site Map Social Media Terms of Use Join the conversation: Facebook Twitter