La Jolla's #1 Guide to Beaches, Restaurants, & More | LaJolla.com News Articles Real Estate Attractions Beaches Shop Search LaJolla.com Local News Here Are All the Broadway Shows Coming to San Diego This Year Read More Purposer.com: Ethical E-commerce Marketplace Started by Local San Diegan Read More Rady Shell at Jacobs Park Announces Summer 2024 Concert Series Read More 19 of the Most Fun Water Activities in San Diego for 2024 Read More Featured Profiles Everything you need to know about The Escape Game – Best Escape Room in San Diego Looking for the ultimate escape room in San Diego? The Escape Game offers immersive adventures and thrilling challenges. Book your game now! Explore Everything you need to know about Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines Here is your ultimate guide to the Hilton La Jolla Torrey Pines hotel so you can stay in style whether for business or pleasure. Explore Featured Real Estate Ora House Read More 9046 La Jolla Shores Lane Read More 1034 Avenida Amantea Read More Learn how to feature your listing here! Read More Articles San Diego is No. 1 in the Country for This Read More The Historic Whaling Bar has Officially Returned to La Jolla Read More Phoenix Thera-Lase System at Creamer PT in La Jolla Read More Carlsbad Flower Fields Preparing for Big Bloom This Year Read More Aldea La Jolla: The Restaurant That Replaced Mermaids & Cowboys Read More Bioluminescent Sand Spotted at This San Diego Beach Read More La Jolla February News Roundup 2024 Read More Find Your Own Luck at The March First Friday Art in La Jolla Read More It’s Official: Pandas Are Returning to The San Diego Zoo Read More Get Inspired at The Conrad: Changemaker Speaker Series La Jolla Read More View All Articles Local Guides 10 Best Restaurants in Little Italy, San Diego in March 2024 Read More Downtown La Jolla Read More La Jolla Restaurants & Food Guide: March 2024 Edition Read More Explore La Jolla News Articles Real Estate Attractions Beaches Shop About Us About La Jolla Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Connect With Us Real Estate listings brought to you by: Prime Home Partners 01919525 This information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. You should rely on this information only to decide whether or not to further investigate a particular property. BEFORE MAKING ANY OTHER DECISION, YOU SHOULD PERSONALLY INVESTIGATE THE FACTS (e.g. square footage and lot size) with the assistance of an appropriate professional. You may use this information only to identify properties you may be interested in investigating further. All uses except for personal, non-commercial use in accordance with the foregoing purpose are prohibited. Redistribution or copying of this information, any photographs or video tours is strictly prohibited. This information is derived from the Internet Data Exchange (IDX) service provided by San Diego MLS. Displayed property listings may be held by a brokerage firm other than the broker and/or agent responsible for this display. The information and any photographs and video tours and the compilation from which they are derived are protected by copyright. Compilation © 2023 San Diego MLS.” Copyright © LaJolla.com 2022. All rights reserved.