Home - David Suzuki Foundation Search Français Subscribe Our Work Climate solutionsLet's overcome the climate crisis and create a promising future for all.Learn More Thriving natureLet’s respect, protect and restore nature so it can sustain all life.Learn More Sustainable communitiesLet’s reimagine communities to build resilience and increase well-being.Learn More All projects Experts Founding familyLearn More FellowsLearn More Science and policyLearn More Communications and engagementLearn More Media contactsLearn More Experts Take Action Act onlineLearn More Act locallyLearn More Act at homeLearn More VolunteerLearn More Take action Stories About Our storyLearn More Staff and boardLearn More Financials and annual reviewLearn More Contact and FAQsLearn More Declaration of InterdependenceLearn More About Donate Become a fundraiserRaise money for the Foundation.Learn More Donate stocksGive stocks or other publicly traded securities.Learn More Leave a gift in your willHelp restore and protect nature for generations to come.Learn More Become a Monthly DonorProvide ongoing, reliable funds.Learn More Make a one-time donationProtect the people and places you love.Learn More See more ways to give What can we help you find? Search Sorry, but your search returned no results. Try searching with different keywords. Load More Our Work Climate solutions Thriving nature Sustainable communities All projects Experts Founding family Fellows Science and policy Communications and engagement Media contacts Experts Take Action Act online Act locally Act at home Volunteer Take action Stories About Our story Staff and board Financials and annual review Contact and FAQs Declaration of Interdependence About Donate Become a fundraiser Donate stocks Leave a gift in your will Become a Monthly Donor Make a one-time donation See more ways to give Search Search Français Subscribe SPEAK UP FOR OUR RENEWABLE ENERGY FUTURE Our government may weaken clean electricity policy due to pressure from the fossil fuel industry. Write decision makers to say YES to renewables and NO to fossil fuels! Write your letter now Scroll 01 Our Work Featured Projects 01 of 03 Liquefied natural gas in B.C. Polluting LNG projects in B.C. make no sense from an economic, climate or Indigenous rights perspective. We support climate action and Indigenous rights, including Hereditary Wet’suwet’en leaders, and those who do believe that expanding fracked liquefied gas production is the wrong choice. Learn More Municipal climate solutions We help residents work with their local governments on climate action and support municipal leaders in developing and implementing ambitious and equitable climate plans. Learn More Wellbeing economies WEAll Can strives to unite environmental sustainability and social equality concerns. The alliance fosters a dynamic network dedicated to reshaping the economy for the collective wellbeing of both people and the planet. Learn More Top 10 reasons to say NO to LNG in B.C. We’re at a crossroads in British Columbia. One path leads to a bright future where we meet and expand on our climate goals. That future starts now, where we say no to every liquefied natural gas project promoted by big oil and gas companies. LEARN MORE Your Voice at the Table: a Guide to Mobilizing Local Government Climate Action As a resident of your town or city, your voice is powerful. This online guide will give you the tools and knowledge you need to work with your local government on climate action initiatives. LEARN MORE Help get CEPA amendments across the finish line! Bill S-5 proposes to update the Canadian Environmental Protection Act. Ask your MP to pass Canada’s first law recognizing environmental rights. Add your voice View all projects 02 Act Online Act Online Your voice matters Political leaders earn their positions from votes. They care about public opinion and keep close tabs on issues constituents raise in letters, meetings, phone calls and the editorial pages of local papers. Browse our petitions and take action now Sign a petition Stop extending fish farm licences Read More Sign a petition Help protect the Great Bear Sea! Read More Write a letter Speak up for Canada’s renewable energy future Read More 02 Experts Expert views Our work is driven by dozens of experts from across the disciplines of science, policy, communications and public engagement. Meet our experts Climate solutions Premier David Eby should follow President Joe Biden’s lead on LNG Read More John Young B.C. Energy Transition Strategist Climate solutions It’s easy to miss the good news about the battle against global warming Read More Theresa Beer Communications and Policy Specialist Sustainable communities This Valentine’s Day, let’s rethink what love can actually do Read More Maham Kaleem Wellbeing Economies Engagement Specialist 03 Stories Science Matters 01 of 04 February 29, 2024 Wetlands are critical to planetary health and Indigenous and human rights Despite their ecological, social, cultural and economic importance, over the past two centuries wetlands have been systematically destroyed for industrial, commercial and residential development. Learn More February 22, 2024 Good journalism supports healthy discourse and societies With so much information now available online, it’s often difficult to separate fact from fiction, truth from disinformation. Learn More February 15, 2024 Environmental racism underlies Grassy Narrows’ mercury and suicide crises Grassy Narrows offers a tragic example of the devastating effects of colonialism and environmental racism but also, as the study notes, the “community’s fortitude and resilience over the past decades.” Learn More February 8, 2024 Reflections on a lifetime of scientific discovery As I was beginning my career as a scientist at the University of Alberta in 1962, two events changed the course of my life. Learn More Featured stories View All Stories Community and culture February 12, 2024 The Butterflyway Story Read More Community and culture February 12, 2024 This armchair is a symbol of interconnectedness Read More Community and culture February 6, 2024 The theatre group turning environmental grief into hope — and change Read More You can help Protect the people and places you love. Donate today. Yes — I want to donate today! Science and Learning Centre View more Join our email community Email Submit Ways to give Contact us Media Careers Privacy Canadian charitable number: BN 127756716RR0001 US charitable number: 94-3204049 The David Suzuki Foundation acknowledges Indigenous Peoples throughout Canada. This includes Inuit, Métis and more than 900,000 people living in more than 630 First Nations communities, and in cities and towns across these lands. © 2024 David Suzuki Foundation. Website by Briteweb © 2024 David Suzuki Foundation. Website by Briteweb