The Centre for Addiction and Mental Health | CAMH If you are in an emergency, in crisis or need someone to talk to, there is help. View Crisis Resouces Skip to content Contact Us No One Left Behind Join our team Virtual Urgent Care Accessibility EN FR CAMH logo Your Care Main Page Access CAMH & Referral Form Access CAMH Centralized information, intake and scheduling. Access CAMH makes it easy to find support – simply call 416-535-8501, option 2. Referral Form For mental health services, a referral form needs to be completed by a healthcare provider. For addictions services, patient can self-refer. Programs & Services Addictions/Substance Use Aggression & Behavioural Issues Alzheimer’s & Dementia Anxiety & Depression Concurrent Disorders Developmental Disabilities Mood & Personality Disorders Problem Gambling Schizophrenia & Psychosis Trauma & Stress Disorders Virtual Mental Health and Outreach Other Patient Wellness and Patient Engagement at CAMH Planning Your Care Supporting Families Families play an essential role in the recovery of their loved ones, and families and are best able to support their loved ones when they themselves are supported. Staying at CAMH Be prepared with all the info you need to make your inpatient experience at CAMH as comfortable as possible. Your Rights Client Relations Bill of Patient Rights Empowerment Council Legal Rights, Protection of Health Info & Access to Records Visiting CAMH Visiting CAMH Planning on visiting CAMH? Find contact information, directions and accessibility for each of our three main sites. Read More Health Info Main Page Mental Illness & Addiction Index Conditions & Disorders Medication Therapies Substance Use Types of Treatment Information in Other Languages Mental Health 101 Mental Health 101 Use this series of free online tutorials as the starting point to learn about and understand a wide range of mental health topics. Read More Guides & Publications Guides & Publications Accessible, reliable, professionally produced resources on an array of mental health topics for patients, families, students and professionals. Read More Crisis Resources Crisis Resources If you are in an emergency, in crisis or need someone to talk to, there is a list of resources available for areas in and around Toronto. Read More CAMH Store CAMH Store The CAMH Store offers a wide array of mental illness and addiction resources for patients, families, students and professionals. Search or browse our catalogue of brochures and booklets, textbooks, manuals and assessment tools. Read More CAMH Library CAMH Library Open to professionals and the general public, our comprehensive resources and services support and enhance CAMH's research and clinical programs, and they facilitate learning, dynamic knowledge exchange and health promotion initiatives. Read More Workplace Mental Health Playbook Mental Health and the COVID-19 Pandemic Coping with stress & anxiety Quarantine & isolation Stigma and prejudice Loss, grief and healing Resources for Health Care Workers Research Main Page Research Areas at CAMH Brain Science CAMH is revolutionizing our understanding of the brain and the causes, biomarkers and treatments of mental illness. Personalized Care By understanding diverse groups, we prevent, diagnose and care for each one with greater precision and personalization. Prevention and Policy Using evidence, we drive system and social change to optimize care and reduce the burden of mental illness, including addictions, across populations. The Discovery Fund The Discovery Fund Fuelling the next generation of groundbreaking research and innovation dedicated to finding the causes of and cures for mental illness. Read More Institutes & Centres Azrieli Adult Neurodevelopmental Centre Azrieli Centre for Neuro-Radiochemistry Brain Health Imaging Centre Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute Centre for Youth Bipolar Disorder Cundill Centre for Child and Youth Depression Institute for Mental Health Policy Research Krembil Centre for Neuroinformatics Slaight Family Centre for Youth in Transition Tanenbaum Centre for Pharmacogenetics Temerty Centre for Therapeutic Brain Intervention The Margaret and Wallace McCain Centre for Child Youth & Family Mental Health Clinical Divisions Addictions Division Adult Neurodevelopmental and Geriatric Psychiatry Division Child and Youth Psychiatry Division Forensic Psychiatry Division General and Health Systems Psychiatry Division Psychology Division Schizophrenia Division Research Discoveries Research Discoveries At the leading edge of breakthrough mental health and addiction research for over 50 years. BrainBuzz Newsletter The latest news, groundbreaking discoveries and special features about CAMH research, studies, and the people behind the work. Research Strategic Plan Learn what drives our research agenda and priorities in the CAMH Research Plan for 2018-2023 Research Connect Research Connect FAQs Research Ethics Research Students & Fellows Research Students & Fellows Train in a unique and welcoming learning environment with Canada's leading scientists in mental illness and addiction. Read More Science & Research Staff Directory Our Scientific Staff Research Chairs at CAMH Tech Transfer & Industry Partnerships Education Main Page Continuing Education Programs and Courses Find the Course That's Right for You Browse our entire selection of certificate programs, webinars and workshops. Workplace Education and Consulting View our full list of workplace mental health workshops and consulting services Collaborative Learning College Simulation Centre Student Centre Clinical & Research Opportunities for Professionals in Training Clinical Psychology Training Programs Community-Based Research Fellowship Graduate & Post-Doctoral Fellowships in Public Health Policy Clinical & Research Opportunities for Professionals in Training Study in a world-class setting to become a leader in the field of mental health. Academic & Education Research Excellence Academic & Education Research Excellence Health Equity and Inclusion Framework for Education and Training CAMH Business Development Office Contacts CAMH Education Contacts Professionals Main Page Treating Conditions and Disorders NAVIGATE - Treating Psychosis in Youth CARIBOU - Treating depression in youth Virtual Mental Health Anxiety Disorders Dementia Depression Suicide Risk Fundamentals of Addiction Intellectual & Developmental Disabilities Mania OCD Perinatal Mood & Anxiety Disorders Personality Disorders Psychosis Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Smoking Cessation Professionals Projects Climate Change and Mental Health Health Care Access Research and Developmental Disabilities Immigrant and Refugee Mental Health Project Opioid Use in Primary Care Conference 2024 Professionals Networks Ontario Psychiatric Outreach Program Videos Podcasts Get Involved Main Page Ways to Donate Give Monthly Give In Memory or In Honour Explore the Giving Hub Start a Fundraiser Gifts of Celebration Leave a Gift in Your Will Employee Matching & Payroll Deduction Donate Goods & Services Gifts of Securities Canvassers & Callers Make a one-time donation With your support, CAMH researchers are revolutionizing the ways we diagnose, treat, and prevent mental illness. Donate today. Join the Cause Business Leaders for Mental Health Action Visionary Society Michael Wilson Society CAMH Engage Corporate Partnerships Volunteer at CAMH Putting Your Donations to Work Putting Your Donations to Work Every donation you make to CAMH enables us to directly help Canadians living with mental illness— and countless more worldwide—through the discoveries we share. Read More Making a Real Impact Making a Real Impact Real stories of courage, hope and discovery. Made possible through your continued support of CAMH. Read More Driving Change Main Page About CAMH Leadership Team Directory Performance & Accountability The Role of CAMH Foundation For Reporters Events Calendar For Our Neighbours Contact CAMH One CAMH: Strategic Plan 2020-2023 Careers at CAMH By working at CAMH, you can help people affected by mental illness and support their recovery. Join the team. Everyone who works at CAMH becomes an advocate for mental health. The Crisis is Real The Crisis is Real We are in the grips of a crisis that ruins health, threatens lives and hurts economies. Knowing the facts is the first step in creating hope. Mental Health Statistics The latest facts and statistics on mental illness and addiction, who's affected and their impact on Canadians. Addressing Stigma Addressing Stigma Challenging the stigma associated with mental illness takes understanding, education and a closer look at our own attitudes toward health. Read More The Mental Health Facility of the Future The Mental Health Facility of the Future Turning what was once a walled institution into a symbol of hope for the future of mental health care. Vision & Guiding Principles How do you replace an institution with an urban village? Lots of planning, imagination and a long-term commitment to serving patients, staff and the community. History of Queen Street Site Our history—evolving from an asylum into a modern health facility with patients at the centre of care—is the history of mental health care in Canada. Influencing Public Policy Influencing Public Policy CAMH advocates for policies that are responsive to the needs of people with mental illness and addictions. Read More Health Equity Health Equity CAMH believes in the principle of equity. We respect the diversity of the individuals and communities we serve. Read More Game Changers Shkaabe Makwa CAMH News & Stories Donate Contact Us No One Left Behind Join our team Virtual Urgent Care Accessibility EN FR Search Donate Search results for submit search Facing addiction head on. Help us build a future where no one is left behind. Learn more Donate Mental Health and COVID-19 You found ways to make it this far. But it has been a long pandemic, and things are tough right now. We’re here to help you find strategies to cope, and a path forward. Read More Find Programs & Services CAMH provides a wide range of clinical care services for patients of all ages and families, with Access CAMH as your centralized point of contact. Learn more Mental Illness & Addiction Index Learn the signs, symptoms, definitions and other important facts about mental illness conditions, disorders, substances, medications and therapies. Explore more Gathering Evidence. Opening Up Possibilities. Many people don't see mental illness in the same way, or even the same category, as other diseases medical science is working hard to find cures for. But Mental Health is Health. And with every new discovery, CAMH moves closer to treatments that will change the course of mental health forever. Explore Science & Research Join the Movement We are more than a hospital. We are a catalyst for change. But we can't do it without your help. Find Ways to Join Driving Change Changing attitudes, behaviours and culture is the only way to create a world where Mental Health is Health. Find Out How Breaking ground on a brighter future for mental health New buildings will inspire hope and transform mental health care and research Read More Making pharmacies a stigma-free zone With 22 people still dying every day from opioid overdoses, and one in five Canadians without a family doctor, the need for pharmacists to provide frontline care in a supportive and stigma-free environment has never been more important. Read More CAMH and YouTube Health Partner to Promote Mental Health Literacy in Canada In an effort to provide accessible, accurate, and high-quality health information to Canadians, YouTube and the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH) are partnering as part of the global YouTube Health initiative. Read More Our final phase of redevelopment: Discovery and Recovery 2024 kicks off the fourth and final stage of our historic redevelopment. Read More Open Science momentum grows stronger in Canada with a new commitment by its largest mental health teaching hospital CAMH joins the Tanenbaum Open Science Institute alliance in a partnership to open research practices. Read More CAMH develops potential new drug treatment for multiple sclerosis A small molecule drug that aids in the neuroprotection of cells found to be effective in treating nerve damage and symptoms in models of MS Read More See all news Help us change mental health care forever. Your donation moves us closer to a future where no one is left behind. DONATE Keep in touch with CAMH Follow us Your Care Health Info Science and Research Education Professionals Get Involved Driving Change About CAMH Job Openings Purchase Publications Referral Form For Reporters Donor Services Events CAMH Switchboard From the GTA: 416 535-8501 Toll-free: 1 800 463-2338 To Access CAMH Clinical Services 416 535-8501, press 2 We have multiple locations. Find directions. Staff Tools Copyright 2024 CAMH Terms of Use Accessibility Site Map Language : EN FR Keep in touch with CAMH Keep your finger on our pulse – latest CAMH news, discoveries and ways to get involved delivered to your inbox. Please select a newsletter Please complete the following: Required Fields CAMH eConnexions - provides updates to CAMH’s neighbours and local businesses. CAMH BrainBuzz - the latest news, groundbreaking discoveries and special features about CAMH research, studies, and the people behind the work. CAMH Foundation - provides updates on the mental health movement and ways you can get involved. Please select a newsletter option First Name Please input a first name Last Name Please input a last name Email Please input an email address By clicking Sign Up below, I consent to receive electronic communications (as selected above) from CAMH and CAMH Foundation. To unsubscribe at any time click the link in our mailing or email: unsubscribe@camh.ca I agree to the Terms of Use for privacy and use of my personal data. Please agree to the Terms of Use Sign Up Thanks for Subscribing. We look forward to keeping you informed, inspired and involved in all things CAMH. Close Help us change mental health care forever. Every donation moves us closer to a future where no one is left behind. Give OnceGive Monthly $20 $50 $100 $15 $25 $50 $ My gift is in memory or honour of someone I am donating on behalf of an organization Continue Other Ways to Give Join our team Donate