U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Skip to main content U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service Toggle navigation Utility (Top) navigation About Us ForwardBack About Us Mission & Vision Leadership Our Organization Our Facilities Regions Laws & Regulations ForwardBack Laws & Regulations Laws, Agreements & Treaties Hunting Regulations Library ForwardBack Library Categories Collections Home Services ForwardBack Services Duck Stamps ForwardBack Duck Stamps Buy a Duck Stamp or E-Stamp Buy a Junior Duck Stamp Fish Stocking Importing & Exporting Consultation & Technical Assistance ForwardBack Consultation & Technical Assistance ESA Section 7 Consultation Habitat Conservation Planning (HCPs) Candidate Conservation Agreements (CCA & CCAA) Safe Harbour Agreements (SHA) Conservation Banking Coastal Barrier Resources Act Project Consultation Coastal Barrier Resources System Property Documentation Financial Assistance Species Management Investigational New Animal Drugs (INADS) Permits Search All Services Duck Stamps One of the easiest ways that anyone can support bird habitat conservation is by buying duck stamps. Species ForwardBack Species Explore Taxonomic Tree Find a Species Interest story Bats: “The Coolest Mammals on Earth” Visit Us ForwardBack Visit Us Events Recreation Passes Outdoor Recreation Where to Hunt Where to Fish Our Locations Scenic Drives Tour routes of great scenic drives on National Wildlife Refuges. Get Involved ForwardBack Get Involved Careers and Internships Volunteering Friends Partnerships Learning Opportunities Education Programs Events Partnerships ForwardBack Partnerships Partnership Categories Partner List Volunteer Search for volunteer opportunities around the country Newsroom ForwardBack Newsroom Press Releases Congressional Testimony Media Contacts Wild Things News about wonderful wild things and places Initiatives ForwardBack Initiatives Combating Wildlife Trafficking Director's Priorities Climate Change Hunting Fishing Invasive Species Pollinators Protecting Wildlife Climate Action FWS is taking steps to mitigate climate impacts I want to ForwardBack I Want To Report Wildlife Crime Do Business with FWS Volunteer Find a Job or Internship Visit a Refuge Buy a Duck Stamp Apply for a Permit Find Funding Find Training Wild work Search employment opportunities with USFWS Search SearchSearch Enter the terms you wish to search for. × U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service Image Details Working with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, plants, and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people.What's going on at FWS With more than 560 National Wildlife Refuges, 70 national fish hatcheries, numerous regional and field offices across the country and thousands of active conservation projects, the nearly 8,000 employees of the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service have a lot going on. Here are a few of the latest news stories from across the Service... New projects begin in midwest to safeguard seeds and clean-up contaminantsIt has been said that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. When it comes to habitat restoration, not only does it take quality native seeds and know-how, it takes a vision. We know that making a future full of native grasses, functional wetlands and the wildlife that call the midwest...Feb 29, 2024 Wildlife Management Service Provides Over $1.3 Billion to Advance State Fish and Wildlife Conservation and Outdoor Recreational AccessThe U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service today announced over $1.3 billion in apportionments to support states, commonwealths and territories in their efforts to fund conservation and connect people with nature.Mar 1, 2024 Our Partners Bringing some green to Southwest Philly Service, partners, and passionate community members brought green back to a community of colorFeb 29, 2024 Climate Change Saving salt marsh a team sportAs seas rise, it takes a team of partners to ensure valuable salt marsh habitat for the future.Feb 23, 2024 Endangered Species Act Protected spaces give bog turtles a reason to come out of their shell It may come as a surprise, but sometimes a threatened or endangered species relies on privately owned land for its survival. Across the country, the Service and our partners work to purchase private land from willing landowners for the sake of threatened species like the bog turtle.Feb 21, 2024 Why are we removing dams?Of the nearly 100,000 dams blocking our nation’s rivers, the majority are nearly invisible. Underneath their murky waters, they halt the free flow and exchange of fish, nutrients and sediments, and they pose a deadly risk to recreationists and families across the country. We at the U.S. Fish and...Feb 20, 2024View All StoriesOur Focus The history of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service can be traced back to 1871. We are the only federal government agency whose primary responsibility is to manage fish and wildlife resources in the public trust for people today and future generations. Here are just a few of our focus areas... Director's Priorities National Wildlife Refuges The Endangered Species Act at 50 Climate Change Invasive Species Management Law Enforcement What We Do For You If you’re looking for places to experience nature; interested in partnering with us; seeking technical advice, permits, grants, data or scientific research; want to know more about today’s conservation challenges; looking for ways on how you can get involved and make a difference -- the Service has a lot to offer and more… Our Services Partnerships Volunteering Education Programs Visit Us - Our Locations With more than 560 national wildlife refuges, dozens of national fish hatcheries and more than 100 field offices, there are numerous great U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service locations to visit. Image DetailsFeatured LocationPatuxent Research Refuge Laurel, MDLearn MoreFeatured LocationAbernathy Fish Technology Center Longview, WALearn MoreFeatured LocationNorthern Tallgrass Prairie National Wildlife Refuge Odessa, MNLearn MoreFeatured LocationCrystal River National Wildlife Refuge Crystal River, FLLearn More Working with others to conserve, protect and enhance fish, wildlife, plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people. Footer Menu - Employment Careers & Internships Contracting Footer Menu - Site Links Leadership Frequently Asked Questions Contact FWS Footer Menu - Legal Accessibility Freedom of Information Act Notices Privacy Policy Disclaimers Information Quality Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Footer Menu - External Links DOI USA.GOV You are exiting the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service websiteYou are being directed to We do not guarantee that the websites we link to comply with Section 508 (Accessibility Requirements) of the Rehabilitation Act. Links also do not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. I Understand. Take me there. Cancel