Subaru Cars, SUVs, Crossovers & Hybrids | Subaru of America Popular Searches SUBARU STARLINK In-Vehicle Technology Eyesight Driver Assist Technology Parts and Accessories Helpful Links Customer Service Vehicle Recalls All Vehicles Special Offers Local Inventory Our Company Meet the Subaru Family Built to Last Every Subaru is built with quality parts and precision engineering, so you can count on your Subaru vehicle to be with you for the long road ahead. This legendary reliability and longevity has earned awards from automotive experts and inspired loyalty from Subaru drivers everywhere. Committed to Safety Our engineers are dedicated to protecting you and your passengers on every drive. It’s why we’re consistently leading the industry with award-winning safety technology and why families keep coming back to Subaru year after year. Always Ready for Adventure Almost every Subaru vehicle we make features standard Symmetrical All-Wheel Drive for optimal balance and an even distribution of power so you can count on maximum traction, exceptional stability, and impressive efficiency — no matter the conditions. Read our Consumer Reports Reviews. Consumer Reports does not endorse products or services. Save on service for your Subaru! Schedule an appointment at your local Subaru retailer March 1–April 15 and enjoy special service savings for more miles to love. The 2024 Subaru WRX. Exhilaration gets an upgrade in the 2024 WRX, featuring newly standard EyeSight® Driver Assist Technology and an 11.6-inch touchscreen. Plus, there’s the new WRX TR with retuned track-ready upgrades. Takata Recall Read more about the Takata airbag recall and how it impacts your Subaru. Explore Subaru Our vehicles will inspire drivers like you to become a Subaru owner for life. Find out what makes us more than a car company. Connect with Us About Subaru Other Subaru Sites © Subaru of America, Inc. Use of this site signifies your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions. English Chinese 中文 Español * MSRP does not include destination and delivery charges, tax, title, and registration fees. Destination and delivery includes handling and inland freight fees and may vary in some states. Prices, specifications, options, features, and models subject to change without notice. Select colors may be subject to an additional charge. See your retailer for more information. ** EPA-estimated fuel economy. Actual mileage may vary. For Crosstrek Hybrid and Solterra, EPA-estimated MPG equivalent on a full battery charge. Actual mileage will vary.