Symfony, High Performance PHP Framework for Web Development Skip to content Close About What is Symfony? Community News Contributing Support Documentation Symfony Docs Symfony Book Screencasts Symfony Bundles Symfony Cloud Training Services Platform.sh for Symfony Best platform to deploy Symfony apps SymfonyInsight Automatic quality checks for your apps Symfony Certification Prove your knowledge and boost your career SensioLabs Professional services to help you with Symfony Blackfire Profile and monitor performance of your apps Other Blog Download sponsored by Symfony is a set of reusable PHP components... The standard foundation on which the best PHP applications are built. Choose any of the 50 stand-alone components available for your own applications. Browse components ... and a PHP framework for web projects Speed up the creation and maintenance of your PHP web applications. End repetitive coding tasks and enjoy the power of controlling your code. What is Symfony Getting Started with Symfony Read the docs Read the official book (translated into many languages) Watch the video course The Official Symfony Cloud Platform The best way to host your Symfony projects GET STARTED Read the docs Training Symfony Certification Coaching Symfony 5 SensioLabs University eLearning platform View all sessions Popular Screencasts Cosmic Coding with Symfony 7 Harmonious Development with Symfony 6 API Platform 3 Part 1: Mythically Good RESTful APIs Subscribe Certifications Symfony Certification Exams available for all Symfony versions! Twig Certification Created for designers with Twig experience. Register Symfony footer Thanks marie for being a Symfony contributor 2 commits • 317 lines changed View all contributors that help us make Symfony Become a Symfony contributor Be an active part of the community and contribute ideas, code and bug fixes. Both experts and newcomers are welcome. Learn how to contribute Symfony™ is a trademark of Symfony SAS. All rights reserved. What is Symfony? Symfony at a Glance Symfony Components Case Studies Symfony Releases Security Policy Logo & Screenshots Trademark & Licenses symfony1 Legacy Learn Symfony Symfony Docs Symfony Book Reference Bundles Best Practices Training eLearning Platform Certification Screencasts Learn Symfony Learn PHP Learn JavaScript Learn Drupal Learn RESTful APIs Community SymfonyConnect Support How to be Involved Code of Conduct Events & Meetups Projects using Symfony Downloads Stats Contributors Backers Blog Events & Meetups A week of symfony Case studies Cloud Community Conferences Diversity Documentation Living on the edge Releases Security Advisories SymfonyInsight Twig SensioLabs Services SensioLabs services Train developers Manage your project quality Improve your project performance Host Symfony projects Deployed on Follow Symfony Site appearance: Light mode Dark mode Sync with system CLOSE Search Symfony Docs Search