Shping Shping Rewards Program How It works About Us Shping Coin For Brands How It works About Us Shping Coin For Brands Your universal rewards program Shping is like a loyalty program for every brand, no matter where or how you shop. One app, thousands of brands.Endless rewards, discounts and prizes. Become a member , it’s free to join! App available on iOS and Android As seen on Meet your new side hustle. “Earn while you shop” sounds like a dream, right? Shping makes it a reality! Earn rewards We call them Shping Coins, and you can earn them for everyday tasks like grocery shopping and engaging with your favourite brands. Double dip Stack your Shping rewards with Flybuys, Everyday Rewards and all other programs. Don’t leave anything on the table! Cash out Shping Coins are cash-convertible tokens, you can transfer directly to your bank in aussie dollars! No gift cards or frypans involved. Transform receipts into rewards Earn rewards for every receipt, no matter where you shop. Collect bonus rewards for every item on the receipt when you shop at most Australian supermarkets. Earn DOUBLE bonus rewards by shopping with our partner brands. Exclusive discounts, just for you! Get discounts on your favourite products with Shping Booster promotions, exclusive to our app. Simply activate the offer, shop in person or online, upload your receipt and receive rewards. Scan any barcode, unlock value Make more informed decisions by simply scanning the barcode of any product. Instantly, you’ll have access to compare live prices at major retailers, read reviews from real people and check nutritional information quickly. Plus, you’ll also receive Shping coins on every scan. Gotta be in it to win it! Joining the club gives you exclusive access to our never- ending stream of exciting opportunities to win! Look out for: Monthly product sample prize packs Coin giveaways Exciting competitions Join today, it’s free! Watch this video to see the app in action. Word on the street Android user Earn real money, quickly I was surprised at how quickly I could earn cash using this app. With a couple of receipts uploaded, I had already made $10 in the first few days. Loving it. Android user Amazing app, fast cashout This app is great! I was sceptical at first but after cashing out to my bank account in the first few days, I’m hooked! Android user $5 in the first day! Great app I use other reward programs but I am impressed how quickly I can get rewards on Shping. It’s low effort, I just make sure I keep my receipts and upload them after each shop. Iphone user Very easy to use Great app. Very simple interface, easy to upload receipts and get rewards quickly. I like writing reviews too. Iphone user This app is amazing. Through easy scanning of products with attached reviews one can earn themselves money. Fast way to generate cash from the comfort of your own home and with no cost at all. Highly recommend to anyone who would like to earn some fast money with very minimal effort. I’m addicted!!! You’ve got questions, we’ve got answers. How much can I expect to earn using Shping? The simple answer is the more you use it, the more you earn! Some of our highest tier members are earning hundreds of dollars. What do I have to do to earn rewards? The fastest ways to earn are by uploading your shopping receipts, creating photo and video reviews and referring friends! Why am I getting free money? Where is it coming from? We work with a range of Partner Brands - big and small, that are interested in rewarding you directly for your engagement and loyalty. The more you shop from these brands, the more they will be willing to reward you! Can I invite friends and earn referral rewards? Yes, of course! Shping is much more fun with friends, you can see how much they're earning and even read their product reviews. And yes, for every successful referral you make, you will both earn Shping Coins. Can I use Shping at any retailer? Absolutely! We are not aligned to any retailer and you can upload all your receipts, as long as they are a legitimate tax invoice (which means they must include specific, relevant information as deemed by the ATO). Our members submit receipts for purchases such as groceries, petrol, clothes, coffee, takeout food, you name it! Shping newsroom Level up your rewards Did you know you can earn extra Shping Coin by levelling up? We’re seeing some users withdraw $75.00 a month and more by reaching the ambassador tier level. We’ve created 5 levels for you to earn extra Shping coin. Here’s a quick explainer on how, just by using the app, you can level up and […] The Great Grocery Debate: Fresh vs Frozen The Great Grocery Debate: Frozen vs Fresh When you make your grocery list, you always remember the line ‘fresher is better’. But what about frozen? It turns out that frozen can be just as good as fresh when it comes to getting our daily dose of vitamins and minerals. Let’s take a look at the […] Are Your Reward Cards Really Worth It? Flybuys and Everyday Rewards are two of Australia’s most popular loyalty programs. Both offer discounts and points that can be redeemed for other items in their respective stores. But how much money are we actually saving? Let’s break it down. Shping Karma explained Karma is here to give you a well-deserved pat on the back. What is Shping Karma? Shping has introduced Karma to reward users for providing a positive experience for others. Also a higher Karma score allows you to reach a higher level tier in the application giving you greater rewards In Eastern philosophy, Karma is […] 5 ways to save money at the checkout 5 Fun Ways to Save Money at the Checkout Let’s face it, money doesn’t grow on trees and every penny counts. That’s why we have some fun ideas for you to save money when you shop! You don’t have to become a tightwad with your budget, but by following a few of these tips […] Capture your receipts best side A how-to for receipt capture Do you have a good side when taking photos? When you take a photo to upload your receipt, we want to make sure you get that blue-steel shot. Before we get into tips for a photoshoot, if you upload your receipts then you are a SUPERSTAR! It’s the best way […] How to Make Crypto $$ While You Shop Cryptocurrency is more accessible than the fancy technical jargon suggests. Here’s how simple parts of your weekly routine can help you earn real-world crypto cash. Why Cryptocurrency? Did you know your weekly trip to the shops can help you earn cryptocurrency? By scanning the barcode on the full-cream during your milk and bread run, you […] 5 Top Shopping Apps In the era of constantly developing technologies, most of us have learned to take advantage of available solutions and make everyday life as trouble-free as possible. 6 Benefits of Shopping with Shping From finding the best product to fit your needs, to being rewarded for making smarter, safer shopping choices, here are six ways shopping with Shping keeps you in-the-know when you’re on-the-go. 1. Get rewarded in crypto-cash The Shping app is the largest product search engine in the world, which means it’s a great resource for […] Unlock the power of the barcode Barcodes surround us in everyday life, but they often go completely unnoticed. These bars carry much more weight than it would seem: from telling a story about the life of a product, to giving consumers valuable information about its price, safety, and origins, here’s how to unlock the power of the barcode to drive real-life […] Why wait? Become a member and start earning with your favourite brands. Back to Top App User Terms Shping Connect Terms Fair Usage Policy SLA Privacy Shping Shping Connect Shping Coin Home About Us +613 99244405 info@shping.com Download the App Authenticateit Pty Ltd (ABN 30 155 162 253) trading as Shping - 617/434 St Kilda Rd, Melbourne Vic 3004 - Australia - © 2019 Shping Inc. Authenticateit Pty Ltd (ABN 30 155 162 253) trading as Shping - 617/434 St Kilda Rd, Melbourne Vic 3004 - Australia - © 2019 Shping Inc. Chat with us, powered by LiveChat