Home | The On Being Project Skip to content New Here? New to On Being? Start Here On Being Foundations for Being Alive Now On Being with Krista Tippett Poetry Unbound Subscribe to The Pause Newsletter What Is The On Being Project? Support On Being Close Search Welcome to... An Adventure in the mystery and the art of living A Home for shaping your presence in a tender, tumultuous world A Companion to the pleasure in thinking deeply with others A Calling to be part of the generative story of our time On Being is a conversation that has been building for over two decades with wise and graceful lives — across spiritual inquiry and science, social healing and the arts. You likely know us through On Being with Krista Tippett, our Peabody award-winning show that began on public radio — now podcasting a season of new shows every spring and fall. We can be found in ears, and in conversations that matter, around the world. We are animated by humanity’s ancient questions, newly alive in this century: What does it mean to be human? How do we want to live? And who will we be to each other? Foundations for Being Alive Now On seeing the generative story of our time, living your questions, taking a long view of time, and the calling to be whole. Start listening now. Also enjoy Krista’s new TED Talk: 3 Practices for Wisdom and Wholeness. Latest Episode Poetry Unbound February 23, 2024 Thomas Lux Refrigerator, 1957 Listen Download Transcript If your home were a museum — and they all are, in a way — what would the contents of your refrigerator say about you and those you live with? In his poem “Refrigerator, 1957,” Thomas Lux opens the door to his childhood appliance and oh, does a three-quarters full jar of maraschino cherries speak volumes. We’re pleased to offer Thomas Lux’s poem, and invite you to read Pádraig’s weekly Poetry Unbound Substack, read the Poetry Unbound book, or listen back to all our episodes. Featured Starting Point Intelligence. Embodied. On the intelligence that lives in the human body — and, beyond the hype and the doom, what is the new AI calling us to as human beings? Our Fall 2023 Season for listening in full. 4 items On Being with Krista Tippett Kate Bowler On Being in a Body Listen Download Transcript On Being with Krista Tippett Christiana Figueres Ecological Hope, and Spiritual Evolution Listen Download Transcript Poem Dance Party Written by Clint Smith Listen On Being with Krista Tippett Clint Smith What We Know in the “Marrow of Our Bones” Listen Download Transcript Start Here All Starting Points Starting Point Emergence Our Spring 2023 season in full: conversations towards joy and dignity, healing and wholeness: the wonder of biomimicry, the science of awe, creativity individual and social, “lean spirituality” and “good conflict,” mental health and love as a public good. With poetry, of course. Starting Point Foundations for Being Alive Now A special, short four-part series. Ways of seeing and living to meet the world ahead. More wisdom and practice than podcast. Starting Point A Care Package for Uncertain Times A collection of podcasts, poetry, meditations and reflection for however you’re processing this moment. Starting Point A Wild Love for the World A starting point for emboldening us to live into a generative future with the natural world. Starting Point A Care Package for Care Givers A care package offering of poetry, podcasts, and meditations. Starting Point For the Exhausted and Overwhelmed First — take a deep breath in. Breath out. A brain spa and respite await. Starting Point New to On Being? Start Here The best-loved shows of last year, some classics, and a few outliers that define us. Starting Point Poetry, the Human Voice In the words of David Whyte, “Poetry is language against which you have no defenses.” Starting Point ‘Are We Not of Interest to Each Other?’ Poet Elizabeth Alexander asks that question. Worlds await when we are present to one another. Starting Point Dialogue, Modeled What it looks (and sounds) like when two people engage common life, even in the absence of common ground. Starting Point Joy Is a Human Birthright Perspectives and reflections on happiness — and why it’s fundamental to our being. Starting Point Race & Healing Exploring the human transformation that makes social transformation possible. Grounding Virtues We speak together differently in order to live together differently. These six “grounding virtues” guide the On Being way of conversation. They are inspiring and grounding initiatives — analog and digital, institutional and communal — around the world. Read More. Words That Matter Generous Listening Adventurous Civility Humility Patience Hospitality Libraries Our Libraries are thematic collections of writings and episodes from the On Being archive dating back to 2003. Wander the rows and scan the shelves. Explore all Libraries Featured Libraries Body, Loss, Trauma, Vitality, Healing Science & Being Spiritual Genius Civil Conversations & Social Healing Ecology & Nature Across Generations Beauty The Pause Join our constellation of listening and living. The Pause is our seasonal Saturday morning ritual of a newsletter. Replenishment and invigoration in your inbox. Wisdom to take into your week. And when you sign up, you’ll receive ongoing, advance invitations and news on all things On Being. [email protected] Our Funding Partners Search results for “” HideShow Filters Results View List View Standard View Grid View Filters Listen Becoming Wise Creating Our Own Lives Delve Extras On Being with Krista Tippett Pause Poetry Unbound This Movie Changed Me Wisdom Practice Read Essays Poetry The On Being Project The On Being Project Copyright © 2024 ↑ Back to the top The On Being Project is located on Dakota land. What Is The On Being Project? Art at On Being Contact Us Our 501(c)(3) About Ads Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow On Being Facebook Instagram YouTube Collapse Episode Details Backward 15 seconds Play Forward 15 seconds / Close Player Share Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Close Full Menu Search On Being The On Being Project Home On Being Studios On Being with Krista Tippett Poetry Unbound Live Events Poetry Films Libraries Lab for the Art of Living Foundations for Being Alive Now Poetry at On Being Cogenerational Social Healing Wisdom Practices and Digital Retreats Starting Points & Care Packages Better Conversations Guide Grounding Virtues Gatherings & Quiet Conversations Social Healing Fellowship Our Story What Is The On Being Project? Krista Tippett Lucas Johnson Support On Being About Our Team Work with Us Contact Us On Dakota Land New Here? New to On Being? Start Here Follow On Being Facebook Twitter Instagram The On Being Project is located on Dakota land. What Is The On Being Project? Art at On Being Contact Us Our 501(c)(3) About Ads Privacy Policy Terms of Use