Creately | Visual Collaboration & Diagramming Platform Experience AI-Powered Visual Intelligence with Creately VIZ Features Solutions Teams HR Planning Data integrated org chart based planning tools. Project Management Agile project planning with integrated task. IT & Operations IT and Cloud architecture tools for all platforms. Software Teams Product Management & Software Architecture. Marketing & Sales Brainstorm, plan campaigns and organize assets. Production & Manufacturing Process, Value chain and System analysis tools. Creately for Education A visual workspace for students and educators. Use Cases Whiteboarding & Collaboration Run Meetings, Workshops or get feedback. Business Process Management Document, plan and optimize business. Strategy & Planning Idea to execution on a single collaborative. Creately for Enterprise Enterprise-grade security & team collaboration. Creately’s practical guide to retrospectives Free Download What's New on Creately Read More Resources Templates Pricing en English العربية Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Français עברית Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Melayu Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Русский Türkçe Tiếng Việt 简体中文 Contact Sales Log In Sign Up Free Go to App Sign Out Home Solutions Strategy Execution Software HR Planning Software IT & Operations Planning Project Management Software Business Process Management Creately for Software Teams Production & Manufacturing Planning Creately for Education Creately for Marketers Resources Plans Features Templates Blog Affiliate Program Enterprise Contact Sales en English العربية Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Français עברית Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Melayu Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Русский Türkçe Tiếng Việt 简体中文 The New Interface For Work. Infinite whiteboard to visualize everything 1000+ Templates to get started fast Easy sharing and collaboration Data security with regional data storage Many exporting options including PDF & SVG Start a Workspace Watch the Video × Trusted by over 10 Million people and 1000s of teams Visual Tools That Get Things Done Not just pretty pictures. Data-linked visual apps to streamline all your efforts. From idea to launch Connect ideas, people, and data on one visual platform and ship better products faster. Explore More Toolkits Design better systems A free-form visual canvas to go from architecture to implementation with full traceability. Explore More Toolkits Master your infrastructure A central hub to plan, design, and manage IT and Cloud infrastructure, Ops, and processes. Explore More Toolkits Your people management hub Visualize, document, and streamline HR and admin processes for greater organizational clarity. Explore More Toolkits Your marketing command center Create a single point of reference for all your marketing activities. Plan and execute your campaigns from start to finish. Explore More Toolkits Achieve targets together Drive deeper insights with visual analysis, get stakeholders on the same page to close bigger deals. Explore More Toolkits Workflows That Work For You Customize the rules, formulas and access rules exactly the way you want. No code needed. Multiple task roles & flows Flexible OKR and goal alignment Personal task management Role-based data access rules Custom Databases Have the same items visualized in multiple contexts, keeping everything in sync. This is the secret of Creately’s magic! Connect ideas to execution Expose client specific views Dynamic search results for easy-to-manage subsets Context-specific visuals Explore more of Creately’s data superpowers INTRODUCING AI powered visual intelligence. Generate visuals in a snap, uncover new perspectives, automate tasks - all with AI wizardry. Learn More Transform the way your team works with VIZ Diagram with Prompts Create many types of diagrams with just a few (or many) words Multi Perspective Visualizations Convert ideas into multiple types of diagrams and visual frameworks Uncover Insights Together Let VIZ use expert strategic frameworks to deliver insights Diagramming & Whiteboarding Intelligent diagramming and powerful whiteboard collaboration keeps everyone on the same page. Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates Browse 50+ diagram standards and 1000s of templates A New Way To Wiki The canvas is the context. Keep your daily tasks, wikis, resources, and everything you need to run your organization in one place. Improve knowledge discovery with link and navigation Centralize & capture knowledge Integrate & Extend Your Other Apps Bring data from any app, visualize with 2-way sync in Creately, and add more fields to that data. Explore the revolution in front-end data integration and augmentation. Enterprise Grade Security ISO 27001, SOC 2 - Type 2, Data Residency & Up-time SLAs 24/7 live support Live in-app chat support Remote Or Hybrid Work in real-time or async with others naturally. Visuals for big picture clarity and notes and data for precision. No one will be out of sync. Creately is the world's 1st work management platform that runs on a smart visual canvas. Start Your Workspace Company About Us Press Kit Careers Partner Program Affiliate Program Contact Contact Sales Contact Support Resources Blog Help Center Templates Product Updates Events Solutions HR Planning Software IT and Operations Marketing and Sales Project Management Software Teams Production and Manufacturing Creately for Education Integrations Confluence JIRA Google Workspace Microsoft Teams Slack Use Cases Visual Collaboration Strategy & Planning Business Process Management Creately for Enterprise Home Solutions Resources Plans Features Templates Blog Affiliate Program Enterprise Contact Sales Terms of Service Privacy Policy Security Policy Copyright © 2008-2024 Cinergix Pty Ltd (Australia). All rights reserved.