Ready. Set. Georgia | Official Georgia Tourism & Travel Website | ExploreGeorgia.org Skip to main content Toggle Search Box Close Search Search Toggle Navigation Menu Menu Popular Destinations Atlanta Ellijay Savannah Helen Jekyll Island All Destinations Best Trips of the Year Georgia's Best Escapes and Wellness Retreats Outdoors Outdoor Activities Beaches, Lakes & Rivers All Beaches, Lakes & Rivers Water Activities Fishing Outfitters & Equipment Parks & Trails All Parks & Trails Natural Attractions Scenic Byways Camping All Outdoors 10 Georgia Hikes Locals Love Unforgettable Georgia Experiences for Spring and Summer Things to Do Uniquely Georgia Attractions & Entertainment Outdoor Activities Restaurants Spas & Wellness Wineries, Breweries & Distilleries All Things To Do 10 Best Things to Do this Spring in Georgia 8 Best Things to Do at Georgia State Parks this Spring Events Event Calendar Fairs & Festivals Holidays Sports Live Music All Events Top Festivals for Spring in Georgia St. Patrick's Day in Savannah Places to Stay Bed & Breakfasts and Inns Cabins & Cottages Resorts & Lodges Popular Destinations Atlanta Ellijay Helen Jekyll Island Savannah All Destinations All Places to Stay 9 Romantic Escapes in Georgia 9 Great Spots to Camp in Georgia Order a Free Travel Guide Sign up for our Newsletter Trip Ideas Accessible Travel Facebook Instagram Pinterest Play Pause Ready. Set. Georgia. As we’ve all imagined the places and people we want to see, our love for exploration has become clear. Georgia puts it all within reach, and there is no one Georgia experience. It’s something you find on a waterfall hike near Helen in the Georgia mountains or by relaxing on a beach on St. Simons Island off the Georgia coast. Or, in front of a mural in Atlanta, or a bowl of shrimp and grits in Savannah. It’s the Georgia you go out and live. These are your moments waiting to happen. So, get Ready. Set. Georgia. Explore Georgia this Spring Spring is an undeniably beautiful time of year to visit Georgia. Take a break and delight in the season's best. Best Things to Do this Spring Best Trips of 2024 Make this the year you venture deep into Georgia's natural wonders, to the height of urban adventures, through charming small towns, and as far away from your everyday as you can imagine. It's Time to Plan Your Getaway Explore Georgia's Beaches Let’s go to the coast and island hop through 100 miles of sandy shores. It's Time for a Beach Trip Explore Georgia's Mountains Find awe-inspiring waterfalls, secret lake towns, and miles of trails in North Georgia. It's Time for a Mountain Getaway Scroll To Top Order a freeTravel Guide Follow Us Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sign up for News & Events Tourism Industry Portal Sports Guide Media Room travel@exploregeorgia.org 1-800-VISITGA (847-4842) Official website of the Georgia Department of Economic Development © 2024. GDEcD. All Rights Reserved. All other marks belong to their respective owners. Legal, Privacy & Copyright Information Human Trafficking Notice Proud Partner of Georgia on Your Mind? Sign up for our newsletters, and let Explore Georgia provide inspiration for your next trip. SUBSCRIBE NOW green