Welcome to the University of Warwick Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sign in Study Research Business Alumni News Engagement Search More links Search Search The University of Warwick Discover the world ofPostgraduate Study2024 Apply now Find a course Select the type of course Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Search has been assessed to be 'world leading' or 'internationally excellent' in the Research Excellence Framework (Research Excellence Framework (REF) 2021) Warwick is ranked 67th in the world and 10th in the UK (QS World University Rankings 2024) 5 years after graduating, Warwick graduates ranked within the UK top 10 for highest earnings in over 11 subjects (UK government's 2021 Longitudinal Educational Outcomes (LEO) dataset (2018-19 data)) Our rankings Undergraduate Study Find out more about our undergraduate courses and discover what it’s like to study with us. Learn more Research at Warwick Research Stories Our researchers and their teams work across the Arts, Sciences and Social Sciences to unlock the future. We’re sharing their stories to show how they help point the way ahead. National Centre for Research Culture We’re proud to have launched the first National Centre for Research Culture, aiming to improve research culture across the sector. Working with partners nationwide, it will serve as a long-term hub for knowledge curation, training and innovations in research culture. Knowledge Exchange The KEF 2023 results place Warwick in the top 20% for business and public and community engagement. From innovative collaborations with industry to community engagement, learn about knowledge exchange in action and our KEF 2023 results. Explore our research Spotlight on Warwick Warwick has been awarded Gold in all categories of the government's latest Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF) rankings Warwick received the highest ranking available in all three areas: student experience, student outcomes, and overall. The result recognises the innovation, collaboration and determination of our teachers, and the University's commitment to putting student learning and success at the heart of what we do. Labour leader sees University of Warwick’s industrial impact first hand Keir Starmer visited WMG at the University of Warwick to meet researchers, technicians, and students at one of the world’s leading centres for industrial innovation and skills. Warwick opens new Venice home as part of record £100m investment in the arts The University of Warwick has today announced the opening of a new ‘home’ in the heart of Venice – as part of an ambitious £100m programme of investment in the arts and humanities. University of Warwick recognised as international centre of research excellence by leading experts Warwick has cemented its position as one of the UK’s academic powerhouses – after 92% of its research was assessed as being ‘world leading or internationally excellent’ by a panel of global experts. Study Back to top Undergraduate Postgraduate International Students Lifelong Learning Research Research Excellence Research Impact Research Priorities Partnerships Doctoral Research Research Facilities Business Research and Engagement Find New Talent Develop Talent Facilities and Services Innovation and Commercialisation Alumni News & Events Benefits Networks Giving Parents & Families News Press and Media Events Latest News Expert Comment Media Library Faculties Science, Engineering and Medicine Arts Social Sciences Research Centres Services Current Staff Current Students Staff/Student email Academic Office Accommodation Arts Centre Careers Library Student Finance All Services About University Strategy University Values Regional Engagement Global Engagement Campus and Community University Profile Management and Governance Visiting Us Environmental Sustainability Contact Us Term dates Jobs Brand Connect with us Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Talk to us Tel: +44 (0)24 7652 3523 Find us The University of Warwick Coventry, CV4 7AL, UK Page contact: Web Editor Last revised: Wed 28 Feb 2024 Powered by Sitebuilder Accessibility Cookies © MMXXIV Modern Slavery Statement Privacy Terms Work with us Let us know you agree to cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to functional, advertising and performance cookies. You can update your cookie preferences at any time. Cookie policy Essential cookies Functional cookies Advertising cookies Performance cookies Accept all Remember my preference More information