Richmond Times-Dispatch | Breaking News | Read Richmond, VA and Virginia breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 50° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Virginia Video Network Crime Politics State & Region Education Nation & World News Tip Business Local On the Move Top Workplaces Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorial Columnists Sports High School College Professional Betting Casino Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Movies & TV Music Comics Puzzles Columns Contests Play Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Travel Faith Announcements Sponsored Features Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Today's Ads Special Sections Our Publications Mechanicsville Local Powhatan Today Goochland Gazette Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Shop Local Public Notices Buyer's Guide RTD Merchandise Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Subscribe Newsletter sign-up Contact Us Advertise with RTD Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Business Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs 50° Cloudy Once again, Virginia looks to rebound from a lopsided loss The 25-point drubbing Virginia took at No. 10 Duke over the weekend marked the seventh time this season that the team lost by 16 points or more away from home.Virginia is 4-2 after those losses, to date, so its approach after blowouts has been effective. Scott's Shawarma brings Middle Eastern street food to the Fan After building a zealous fan following in a Scott’s Addition market, Scott’s Shawarma has moved to its own digs at 814 N. Robinson St. in the Fan. What's your favorite fried chicken in the Richmond region? In honor of March Madness, we’re asking Richmond readers to vote for their favorite fried chicken in a food competition-style bracket. Virginia bill that could release marijuana prisoners heads to Youngkin About 400 people imprisoned for marijuana-related convictions would receive hearings that could result in their release. VCU will not build dental school at site of failed development VCU wants to build a new dental school near its health system student center, opening the long-sought-after Public Safety Building for other uses. Super Tuesday Virginia weather: After rain, how warm will it get? After early morning showers, the afternoon will soar to around 70 degrees. Sean Sublette explains. Local 10-year-old boxing prodigy wins national championship in first fight "He beat the three-time world champion who has like 20 fights (of experience)," Paterson said. "You expect him to win and hope that if he loses, he is getting learning experience and progresses better." Legislature puts off Hashmi bill on assisted suicide until 2025 A bill that would allow terminally ill people to get medical help to end their lives will not face its final General Assembly hurdle this year. James River girls indoor track and field brings home first state title The Rapids won their first region and state title in their first year in Class 5. When does the sun come back in RVA this Tuesday? Small mornings showers will yield to a sunny afternoon. Meteorologist Sean Sublette has the forecast Second dead humpback whale washes ashore in Virginia Beach A dead humpback washed ashore Monday morning at False Cape State Park. It was the second whale to wash up in Virginia Beach in as many days. Jeff’s Notes: In Virginia, a not-so-super Super Tuesday Jeff’s Notes: In Virginia, a not-so-super Super Tuesday Virginia Medicaid costs may rise this year; Senate adds money for Metro This was the year that enrollment and costs were supposed to fall for Virginia's Medicaid program. It hasn't worked out that way. Va. Dems' priorities on contraception, guns await Youngkin's action Gov. Glenn Youngkin has a Friday deadline to act on certain bills. The Senate majority leader says the seven days will say much about the legislature's next two years. Ex-Richmond mail carrier pleads guilty to stealing checks, gift cards The former U.S. Postal Service employee, who authorities said stole mail from more than 180 victims, was the second to be charged with mail-related offenses in less than a month. UR star Jordan King walked on at Siena five years ago. "That is mind-boggling.” UR has won 17 of its last 19, and Jordan King emerged as a strong candidate for A-10 player of the year. Necropsy on young whale on Virginia Beach Oceanfront to be performed Monday Recovery efforts were underway after a humpback whale was seen washed up Sunday morning at the Oceanfront. VIDEOS: Watch scenes and reaction from Saturday's Trump rally in Richmond Check out scenes from around the Richmond Convention Center, including people's reaction to former President Trump's speech. Teel: Breaking down at-large prospects for Richmond, JMU and Virginia Long before all precincts have been counted, Super Tuesday’s results will be clear. Not so as college basketball dips inside of two weeks until Selection Sunday. Good Foods Grocery gets people with autism workforce ready Commonwealth Autism bought the local grocery earlier this year with the goal of using it as part of a job readiness program for the people it works with. The store will continue with the local, natural and bulk selection it is known for. Yellow Umbrella bringing restaurant, market, tasting room to Scott’s Addition Yellow Umbrella, the seafood and gourmet grocer on Patterson Ave., is aiming to open its Ballast project in Scott's Addition this summer. Henrico High gymnastics: a team of 1 She tested herself in more ways than one and she did it without the help of other teammates — Mateo was the only member on Henrico's gymnastics team this season. Kitley hurt as No. 5 Virginia Tech women lose at Virginia Kenny Brooks said he did not know Kitley's status. PHOTOS: Recognize these Richmond-area places? A look back at photos from the Richmond Times-Dispatch archives. Brooklyn or bust: With loss at Richmond, VCU's road ahead is now clear. Sometimes, you've just got to tip your cap, even to your fiercest of rivals. Such was the case Saturday night at the Robins Center, where Richmond guard Jordan King willed his Spiders past VCU 79-76 with a game-high 27 points on 5-of-11 shooting from beyond the arc. Central Virginia governments survey lead pipes for replacement Localities across central Virginia are taking stock of how many lead pipes are still in service. The EPA has a proposal to eliminate all lead from water service lines across the country within 10 years. Virginia's Super Tuesday primary might have messages for November It's unlikely to change the trajectory toward a Biden-Trump rematch, but Virginia's primary could send signals about how competitive Virginia will be in November, analysts say. High seeds of UR, VCU spice A-10 women's tournament The A-10 received a March bonus after announcing last May that its 2024 women’s basketball tournament would be held at the Henrico Sports & Events Center. UR and VCU, based on seeding, are prime championship contenders, enhancing local buzz. From the Archives: Scenes from Grace Street A look back at Grace Street in downtown Richmond. Teel: Second-half clinic against VCU puts Spiders in command of A-10 race Four weeks after enduring its worst offensive efficiency in more than two years during a road loss to VCU, Richmond flipped the script Saturday in a 79-76 victory over the Rams Recommended For You Second dead humpback whale washes ashore in Virginia Beach Zyn nicotine pouches are all over TikTok, sparking debate among politicians and health experts Ex-Richmond mail carrier pleads guilty to stealing checks, gift cards The Latest Head of Virginia DEQ previously did consulting work for Mountain Valley Pipeline Opponents of the pipeline say Michael Rolband's work creates a conflict of interest. Casey: Thrown in jail for growing weed after Virginia made it legal Brandon Reynolds thought he legally was home-growing marijuana for personal use. Then a squad of sheriff’s deputies and firefighters descended on his residence. Masturbating man interrupts forum on Charlottesville jail renovation Minutes into the meeting, guests started to hear moans coming from a speaker. A1 Minute! March 4, 2024: Good Foods Grocery intern program; City FOIA officer sues; Ashlee Mateo team of one[A1] Good Foods Grocery intern program; City FOIA officer sues; Ashlee Mateo team of one Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video When does the sun come back in RVA this Tuesday? Cosby's Tyler Ritz won the Region 6A wrestling title after overcoming medical obstacles as a child (3/3) Cosby's Tyler Ritz won the Region 6A wrestling title after overcoming medical obstacles as a child (2/3) Cosby's Tyler Ritz won the Region 6A wrestling title after overcoming medical obstacles as a child (1/3) Sports Carlisle boys basketball team sanctioned from VISAA The VISAA handed down sanctions to the Carlisle boys basketball team last week that forced the team to go on the road for the state tournament and play without their coach. Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. ODU hiring former Monarchs player Mike Jones as basketball coach Mike Jones will be the second former Monarchs player to lead the program Virginia Tech, UVa men will play at ACC newcomers Cal and Stanford next season The ACC announced men's basketball conference opponents for 2024-25, and women's basketball league opponents for the next two seasons Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Navigating the gray area: Advantages of using a web traffic bot Content by Spark Traffic. A traffic bot is a piece of software designed to emulate human activity by visiting a website, clicking links or scrolling through pages. Sponsored At Virginia Tech, tomorrow’s national security leaders are already at work today Content by Virginia Polyechnic Institute. Laura Freeman shares her observations on how Virginia Tech is empowering the next-generation of national security leaders. Sponsored Why Virginia’s next generation of dentists need your support to build a state-of-the-art dental school Content by VCU Health. As the only dental school in the state, the Virginia Commonwealth University School of Dentistry plays a critical role in educating the next generation of dental professionals and supporting the oral health of communities across the commonwealth. Sponsored Richmond man’s cardiac rehab journey: From a heart attack to ‘the best shape’ of his life Content by Bon Secours. See how cardiac rehab gives patients a path back to normal life. Local Businesses Victoria Charles Ltd 5707 GROVE AVENUE #200, RICHMOND, VA 23226 Kanawha Capital Management 7201 GLEN FOREST DRIVE, RICHMOND, VA 23226 New College Institute 191 FAYETTE ST, MARTINSVILLE, VA 24112 Print Ads Legal HENRICO CO PLANNING COMMISSIO Retail Stores FRANCES KAHN, FRANCES KAHN Other GANNETT - NAKED WINES Other ERICKSON LIVING Other RTD SCHEDULED CLASS, RTD SCHEDULED CLASS Services NATIONAL NEUROPATHY CENTER/BLUEPRINT Other GANNETT - HOMESMART Retail Stores FRANCES KAHN, FRANCES KAHN Govt Community COUNTY OF HANOVER Legal COUNTY OF LOUISA, COUNTY OF LOUISA × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Sites & Partners En Forme Mechanicsville-Ashland Local Powhatan Today The Goochland Gazette Public Notices Contests Join our Team Services Manage Subscription About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Newsletter Sign up Become a Carrier Licensing © Copyright 2024 Richmond Times-Dispatch, 8460 Times Dispatch Blvd. Mechanicsville, VA 23116 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe