S&P Global Homepage | S&P Global Corporate /en/index content esgSubNav S&P Global S&P Global S&P Dow Jones Indices S&P Global Market Intelligence S&P Global Mobility S&P Global Commodity Insights S&P Global Ratings S&P Global Sustainable1 Close Discover more about S&P Global’s offerings Investor Relations Investor Relations OverviewPresentationsInvestor Fact BookNews ReleasesQuarterly EarningsSEC Filings & ReportsExecutive CommitteeGovernanceMerger InformationStock & DividendsShareholder ServicesContact English 中文 Contact Us Enterprise ContactsDivisional ContactsMedia Contacts Product Login Who We Are Capabilities Research & Insights Careers Events Our Purpose & Values Our People Our History Corporate Responsibility Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Investor Relations From S&P Global Press Release: S&P Global Merges With IHS MarkitOn February 28, 2022, S&P Global completed its merger with IHS Markit, the next step in delivering data, technology and expertise that accelerates progress.Read: 2021 Annual ReportAs great as last year was for our company, in many ways 2022 is shaping up to be even better. In February, we closed a transformative merger with IHS Markit. We believe combining our two companies will create substantial long-term value for all our stakeholders.Read: S&P Global FoundationThe S&P Global Foundation is about much more than philanthropy—we are about making a difference by finding and developing essential connections between the knowledge- and skill-driven work of S&P Global and the needs of society. Overview Data & Analytics Research & Insights Ratings & Benchmarks Technology Solutions Experts S&P Dow Jones Indices S&P Global Market Intelligence S&P Global Mobility S&P Global Commodity Insights S&P Global Ratings Overview Research Council Markets in Motion Podcasts Videos LOOK FORWARD Most Popular Insights Look Forward: Supply Chain 2024The COVID-19 pandemic has transformed the concept of supply chains from narrowly defined operational systems within companies to a new framework for the manufacturing and distribution of goods defined less by operational and cost efficiencies and more by alignment with national interest and geopolitical competition.Read: Hydrogen: New Ambitions and ChallengesIn addition to its role in the oil refining and chemical industries, hydrogen is now emerging as a vector of clean energy delivery. There is genuine interest and investment worldwide as governments and businesses seek to develop this budding industry as part of their energy transition goals. Nevertheless, significant challenges lie ahead to bring this industry up to scale.Read: Artificial Intelligence InsightsThe advancement of generative AI is equally important to economic development as other major trends. We aim to provide this information in three parts: AI Fundamentals, AI Applications, and AI Governance & Regulation. Overview Our Culture Our Commitment Our Work Search for a Job Featured S&P Global Events Webinar Replays CERAWeek S&P Global Ratings Events S&P Global Market Intelligence Events S&P Global Commodity Insights Events S&P Dow Jones Indices Events S&P Global Mobility Events Please be aware of potential fraudulent career solicitations. If you would like to verify an S&P Global career solicitation or offer, please contact PeopleMovementSupport@spglobal.com. X Indices Disclaimer S&P 5005,130.95 -0.12%DJIA38,989.83 -0.25%S&P/TSX 601,297.85 -0.22%S&P Europe 3502,017.82 -0.19%S&P GSCI3,545.54 -0.11%S&P/TOPIX 1502,424.75 0.59%S&P/ASX 2007,724.2 -0.1%S&P Global BMI370.98 -0.1%S&P/BMV IPC55,462.49 -0.13%S&P Latin America 402,865.84 -0.52%S&P Asia 504,530.81 -1.59%S&P China 5002,197.84 -0.49%S&P 500 Bond488.6 -0.01%S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures1.52 0.71% Pause Disclaimer Look Forward S&P Global Look Forward: Supply Chain 2024 The COVID-19 pandemic has transformed the concept of supply chains from narrowly defined operational systems within companies to a new framework for the manufacturing and distribution of goods defined less by operational and cost efficiencies and more by alignment with national interest and geopolitical competition. Look Forward S&P Global Supply chain politics: National security meets economic growth Government policies will become even more national security-focused but remain engines of economic development. Elections bring uncertainty. March 3-6, 2024 S&P Global TPM24 TPM is a global conference bringing together cargo owners/shippers/BCOs with international logistics service providers including ocean carriers, ocean and air forwarders, third-party logistics, marine terminals, ports, truckers, railroads, banks and others. The return of energy securityEnsuring energy security is a high priority for the energy transition READ THE REPORT FROM DANIEL YERGIN S&P Global Daily Update S&P Global Daily Update March 5, 2024 The Growth of Clean Energy Tech S&P Global Daily Update March 4, 2024 Insurance Technology To Recover in 2024 S&P Global Daily Update March 1, 2024 China Builds Out EV Supply Chains While Europe and the US Dither Start every business day with our analyses of the most pressing developments affecting markets today, alongside a curated selection of our latest and most important insights on the global economy. Subscribe today Top Geopolitical Risks of 2024The world is changing. Geopolitical fragmentation is being fueled by cyber threats, the war in Ukraine, US-China relations and more. Here, we outline 2024’s top geopolitical risks. GEOPOLITICAL RISK Insights from the S&P Global Research Council Energy Transition S&P Global Hydrogen: New Ambitions and Challenges In addition to its role in the oil refining and chemical industries, hydrogen is now emerging as a vector of clean energy delivery. There is genuine interest and investment worldwide as governments and businesses seek to develop this budding industry as part of their energy transition goals. Nevertheless, significant challenges lie ahead to bring this industry up to scale. Sustainable Finance S&P Global Defining the contours of a sustainable crypto enterprise Look Forward: Funding the Future S&P Global Global debt 2030: Can the world afford a multifaceted transition? Receive immediate insights on the individual market developments you need to know for a 360° perspective on the big stories shaping our world. Subscribe to our Research & Insights Private Markets 360° Newsletter SUBSCRIBE Key Topics Global Economy Metals & Mining Oil & Gas China in Focus Supply Chains Energy Transition Market Dynamics Credit Markets Sustainability Regulation & Standards Agribusiness Banking Automotive Technology & Media Americas Economy Insurance DISCOVER MORE Artificial Intelligence Insights Read more Artificial Intelligence AI Fundamentals Language Modeling: The Fundamentals Increased reliability and new applications of AI language modeling, including customization and creative exploration, promise further benefits that could be reflected in the credit quality of entities that effectively harness its potential. Look Forward AI Fundamentals Can generative AI create a productivity boom? This technology has profound implications for labor markets, the global economy and equitable development. Artificial Intelligence AI Governance & Regulation The AI Governance Challenge The many risks associated with AI highlight the need for a solid governance ecosystem, including governance at a legal, regulatory, and company level. Artificial Intelligence Insights AI in Banking: AI Will Be An Incremental Game Changer Banks are adopting generative AI, which promises earnings growth, improvements to decision-making, and better risk management. But it also comes with new risks, concerns, and costs that banks will have to manage. Essential Intelligence for a changing world. SEEK & PROSPER Trending Capital Markets Private Debt: A Lesser-Known Corner Of Finance Finds The Spotlight The private debt market has grown tenfold in the past decade with assets under management of funds primarily involved in direct lending surging to $412 billion at end-2020—spurred in part by investors’ search for higher yield. Markets in Motion War in Ukraine Without a quick end to the conflict on the horizon, the effects of the Russian invasion of Ukraine are being seen in equities, energy, global trade and commodities markets. Technology & Innovation Automotive Start your engines and drive your decision-making to your destination with observations and insights from our global automotive industry experts on the market’s technology, production, product strategies, sales, and marketing. Insights on Mobility Automotive S&P Global Fuel for Thought: Warning signs on the path to mass EV adoption Automotive S&P Global In-car gaming: key players, developments, and outlook Automotive S&P Global As America becomes a nation of old cars, mechanics and the aftermarket may see boom times Automotive insights from S&P Global Mobility leverage technology and data science to provide unique insights, forecasts and advisory services spanning every major market and the entire automotive value chain—from product planning to marketing, sales and the aftermarket. Learn more The Essential Podcast SEE ALL EPISODES Episode 98 Making Sense of Oil Markets with Andy Critchlow Episode 98 Episode 97 Looking Ahead to CERAweek with Atul Arya Episode 97 Episode 96 Coronation And Collapse: The Story Of The Bond King With Mary Childs. Episode 96 SEE ALL EPISODES Our Divisions Bringing together highly complementary capabilities to power the markets of the future. Our analyst-driven credit ratings, research, and sustainable finance opinions provide critical insights that are essential to translating complexity into clarity so market participants can uncover opportunities and make decisions with conviction. We provide iconic and innovative index solutions backed by unparalleled expertise across the asset-class spectrum. By bringing transparency to the global capital markets, we empower investors everywhere to make decisions with conviction. With our unparalleled data and deep insights of global energy and commodities markets, we enable our customers to make decisions with conviction and create long-term, sustainable value. Our team of experts delivers leading data and technology solutions, partnering with customers to provide them with unrivaled insights to expand their perspectives, operate with confidence and make decisions with conviction. We provide invaluable insights derived from unmatched automotive data, enabling our customers to anticipate change and make decisions with conviction. We help to optimize their businesses, reach the right consumers, and shape the future of mobility. Data & Analytics Research & Commentary Benchmarks Credit Ratings Workflow Solutions ESG Solutions Our Purpose & ValuesPressVenturesContact UsReport an Ethics ConcernOffice Locations CareersCorporate ResponsibilityHistoryInvestor RelationsLeadershipIOSCO ESG Rating & Data Product Statements © 2024 S&P Global Terms of UseCookie NoticePrivacy PolicyClient Privacy PortalDo Not Sell or Share My Personal Information中文Cookie Settings