Zight Screen Recorder for Mac, Windows, Chrome, & iOS | Zight Skip to content Product Solutions Enterprise Team Individual Educator Mac Windows Chrome Download Features Screenshot Screen Recorder AI (Artificial Intelligence) Video Recorder GIF Maker Video Editing File Sharing Trust & Security All Features Integrations Confluence Jira Microsoft Teams Slack Zight SDK All Integrations Use Cases For Teams Support Design Education Engineering Marketing Product Management Sales Uses Asynchronous Communication Remote Work Relationship Building Troubleshooting Training & Onboarding Updates & Presentations All Use Cases Benefits Reduce Meetings Improve Productivity Enhance Communication Team Alignment Resources Learn Webinar Blog Resource Library Getting Started Guides Customers All Customers All Case Studies Community Support Company About Us Newsroom Brand Kit Legal Trust & Security Pricing Login Sign Up Free Contact Sales Login Contact Sales Sign Up Free Capture & share your screen instantly Instantly capture, edit, and share screen recordings, screenshots, and GIFs with your team and customers Get Zight for free ★★★★★ 4.6 out of 5 ★★★★★ 4.7 out of 5 ★★★★★ 4.5 out of 5 The Ultimate Screen Capture Tool Fast, Reliable Screen RecorderEasily record your screen and camera. Record with our apps for desktop, mobile, and Chrome Screen Recorder Magical AI Powers For Your VideosAmplify your video productivity with Zight AI Video, making your videos more searchable and engaging! Introducing Zight AI Instant Screenshot AnnotationInstantly capture, annotate, and share with our annotation tools. Edit your content to add arrows, blur, emojis, and more! Screenshots Quick, Smooth GIF MakerFast and easy GIF creation. Create animated GIFs from anything on your screen and decorate with captions and stickers GIF Maker Get Everyone On The Same Page If a picture is worth a thousand words, imagine how much more you can say with a screen recording, a screenshot, or a GIF. Take Screen Recordings & Screenshots To The Next Level Use Our Screen Recorder & Screenshot Maker To Automate with AI Automate with AI Reduce Meetings Increase Productivity Show Your Work Be Personal Automate The Pain Out Of Making Videos Our AI simplifies video titles for you instantly, making content more understandable. Say goodbye to confusing video descriptions with our automatic short summaries. Enjoy videos with captions and clear transcriptions for accessibility. We support 50+ languages for transcriptions, making it inclusive. Instantly improve video context with our AI-generated titles. Learn More > Save Time, Record a Video Instead Win back your calendar and stop wasting time in unnecessary synchronous meetings. Provide the context and clarity needed without playing musical calendars. Video recordings and screen captures are great for training and onboarding, support and troubleshooting, giving regular updates or presentations, and relationship building for distributed teams and hard-to-connect-with customers. Learn More > Get More Done in Your Day Zight helps streamline your communications to help you get more done. With easily sharable links, and visual context, you can avoid wasting time on miscommunications, chat battles, and finding the right words for that lengthy email. Learn More > Share Your Problems & Issues Visually Poor communication costs more than you think. From tone, context and perception to missed connections, and language barriers. Communication is hard. Giving clarity and context with videos & images to written communication improves understanding and collaboration. Learn More > Be More Than Words on a Screen In the digital age of distributed communication and packed workdays, it can be hard to connect with someone on the other side of the screen. Adding a human touch with your webcam as a video message allows you to build a human connection and be more than words on a screen. Learn More > Get Zight for Free Our Customers Love Us Best. App. Ever. You’ve made supporting customers and training newer members of the team remotely so easy and simple. Janice Burch, Customer Support | Basecamp I’m a big fan and have used it daily for many years now. Mark DiCristina, VP of Marketing | Mailchimp Zight lets us pinpoint what texts we are talking about and what part of the UI needs to be changed. And just cut out a lot of that back-and-forth in-between. Christine Yen, Founder | Honeycomb Plans for Every Need Free Great for occasional needs, a quick project, or just to give us a try and poke around. Pro Great for you as an army of one. Get everything you need and unlimited usage on our Pro Plan. Team All the benefits of Pro for the whole team plus advanced features and more admin controls. Enterprise All the features your teams love with the enterprise-grade security, privacy, and admin controls your organization needs and so much more… See Plans Enterprise Customers Security, Privacy, Domain Level Control, & AI Artificial Intelligence (AI) Artificial Intelligence (AI) Custom Branding Single Sign-On Transcription Premier Support Automatically add titles, descriptions, and transcriptions to your videos. These enhancements make your videos more searchable and engaging by providing additional context before viewing (say goodbye to generic recording names!) Learn More > Contact Sales Learn More Leave Your Mark, Your Way Enhance brand recognition with a custom domain that gives you additional control and functionality. Make an impression on your customers, and make it last. Learn More > Get A Quote Learn More One Login, More Security Single Sign-On (SSO) can be a critical aspect of your security procedures. Users can skip creating yet another password, and IT can feel secure leveraging SSO for user management. Learn More > Contact Sales Learn More Audio to Text Instantly convert your video’s audio into text. Transcripts give you more content for less effort and make your video content more searchable. Learn More > Get a Quote Learn More We’re Here for You From a dedicated account manager to personalized onboarding and training, our team is here to help you succeed at every turn. Learn More > Get A Quote Learn More Footer Join over 5m+ users today Get Zight for free FacebookLinkedInTwitterYouTube Getting Started What is Zight? Getting Started Webinar Screenshot Screen Recorder GIF Maker Mac Screen Recorder Windows Screen Recorder Chrome Screen Recorder Product Public Roadmap Documentation Zight Video SDK For Developers Zight Status Use Cases Engineering Customer Success Onboarding Relationship Building Resources About Us Leadership Support Press Brand Hub Copyright Â©2024 Zight. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Statement