Home | Numenta Skip to content AI Platform Solutions Technology Company Resources Blog Menu AI Platform Solutions Technology Company Resources Blog Request a Demo Learn how Numenta and Intel can accelerate American Airlines' Generative AI journey The World Leader in Deploying Large AI Models on CPUs Request a Demo Build and scale Generative AI applications on CPUs Get superior price performance on CPU-only infrastructure Maintain privacy and full control of your models and data Request a Demo Unlock the benefits of Large Language Models with NuPIC™ Whether you’re deploying LLMs for the first time or running in production today, the Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing (NuPIC) is designed to be efficient, scalable, and secure. No GPUs required! Learn more about NuPIC Experience uncompromised speed and flexibility on CPUs Optimal performanceIdeal for real-time applications Multi-tenancyRun hundreds of models on the same server Effortless scalingEasily scale CPU-only systems Simplified MLOpsEasy infrastructure management "Our latest game, Proxi, is an expansive interactive world populated by your personal memories and connections. We turned to Numenta because of fundamental challenges we faced in incorporating AI – not only to deliver the best experience possible to our players, but also ensure that we never jeopardize the trust and privacy they place in us. With NuPIC, we can run LLMs with incredible performance on CPUs and use both generative and non-generative models as needed. And, because everything is on-prem, we have full control of models and data. Over time, Numenta’s cutting edge neuroscience driven research will enable us to build simulated AI players that continuously learn, adapt and behave in truly intelligent fashion. We are excited by the possibilities!" Lauren ElliottCEO, GalliumStudios “Numenta’s software optimization presents a unique opportunity for us. Our strategy is to scale up our Gen AI PoCs quickly. The work with Intel and Numenta is key to achieving that goal.” Tassio CarvalhoSr. Manager Operations Research and ML/AI, American Airlines "We were able to deploy NuPIC easily and see immediate performance improvements of LLMs on CPUs. This is the type of solution our larger and more advanced 100E Singapore customers are asking for. They want to be able to fine-tune both generative and non-generative LLMs and keep their data private within their premise when possible. The Numenta solution helps accelerate our mission to strengthen Singapore’s AI capabilities across our diverse group of 100E customers." Laurence LiewDirector of AI Innovation "The team at Gallium were looking for ways to meet the high-throughput, low-latency demands of real-time natural language processing applications. They turned to Intel and our partner Numenta to help with this challenge...for pretty amazing results, and pretty amazing savings." Sandra Rivera, Intel EVP and GM DCAI Group12/14/23 Intel AI Everywhere event Previous Next Rooted in two decades of deep neuroscience research Numenta is driven by a mission to deeply understand the brain and apply that understanding to AI. Through mapping our neuroscience-based advances to modern CPU architectures, we are redefining what’s possible in AI. Working with partners like Intel, we are driving AI into the future. Learn more about our technology Case Studies Boosting accuracy without compromising performance: Getting the most out of your LLMs With our neuroscience-based optimization techniques, we shift the model accuracy scaling laws such that at a fixed cost, or a given performance level, our models achieve higher accuracies than their standard counterparts. Read More » 20x inference acceleration for long sequence length tasks on Intel Xeon Max Series CPUs Numenta technologies running on the Intel 4th Gen Xeon Max Series CPU enables unparalleled performance speedups for longer sequence length tasks. Read More » Numenta + Intel achieve 123x inference performance improvement for BERT Transformers Numenta technologies combined with the new Advanced Matrix Extensions (Intel AMX) in the 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processors yield breakthrough results. Read More » Stay in the loop. Sign up for our newsletter. We respect your privacy. Email Submit 889 Winslow Street, 4th FloorRedwood City, CA 94063info@numenta.com AI Platform Request a Demo Solutions Case StudiesPartners Technology Research Company LeadershipNewsletterCareersEventsPress Resources BlogResearch PublicationsNews DigestBooks by Jeff HawkinsVideos & PodcastsHTM Contact Us Linkedin Youtube © 2024 Numenta Terms | Privacy | Patents