UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology Skip to main content About us Science strategy Digital strategy Governance Reviews and reports Trading subsidiary Our history Public engagement Our values Accreditations Policies Visit us Contact us Science Science challenges Science departments Science infrastructure Projects Case studies Innovation How we work Our national role Our international role Citizen science Data NERC data centre Data portals Records centres Monitoring programmes Information products Software Web-based apps Solutions Emerging challenges Industries Laboratory services Advanced equipment Data products and tools Resources Staff News & media News Blogs Press releases Podcasts Factsheets Image gallery Press office Careers About UKCEH About our roles What we offer Our sites Meet our people Find a job today Cymraeg Environmental science for a world where people and nature prosper Breadcrumb Home About the UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology (UKCEH) We are an independent, not-for-profit research institute. Our 600+ staff provide the data and insights that researchers, governments and businesses need to create a productive, resilient and healthy environment. Latest stories Harnessing technologies to tackle environmental crises As UKCEH launches its first digital strategy, Professor Gordon Blair explains how technological advances will enable us to better tackle complex global environmental challenges. Read more > Soil superheroes: 50 trillion The third episode of our Counting the Earth podcast is now available. Listen to 'Soil superheroes: 50 trillion' and delve into the vital statistics of earthworms, the unsung heroes of our soil. Read more > Green spaces and wetlands cool cities during heatwaves Botanical gardens can cool the city air by around 5C during heatwaves, with parks and wetlands also significantly reducing air temperatures, says an international study involving UKCEH. Read more > Our ambition We seek to understand our environment, how it sustains life, and the human impact on it – so that together, people and nature can prosper. Excellent environmental science with impact We have a long history of investigating, monitoring and modelling environmental change, generating evidence-driven solutions to complex environmental challenges. Watch our video to find out more about how our science is having a positive impact. Our science Science departments Read more Science challenges Read more Science infrastructure Read more What we do We carry out excellent environmental science across water, land and air. Our science makes a difference, informing policy-making, commercial innovation and conservation action all around the world. Explore our data Environmental Information Data Centre Read more Environmental Information Platform Read more Environmental datasets Read more How we work We believe that the best solutions are co-designed and co-delivered, and our partnerships cross borders, sectors and disciplines. We are a strategic delivery partner for the Natural Environment Research Council, part of UK Research and Innovation. Our impact Case Study | 09.06.2021 Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from peatlands around the globe Read more Case Study | 08.06.2021 Helping UK communities and businesses become more flood resilient Read more Case Study | 30.04.2021 Establishing sustainable nitrogen management in support of multiple UN SDGs Read more Privacy notice Customer service Terms of use Contact Accessibility