Vera Institute Vera Institute of Justice | Home Who We Are Who We Are About Us Message from the President People Locations Careers Financials Contact Us What We Do What We Do Strategic Priorities Get Involved Get Involved The Vera Shop Ways to Give Partner with Vera Events Vera Institute of Justice Search Donate Ending Mass Incarceration Ending Mass Incarceration Causes of Mass Incarceration About the problem, the history of mass incarceration, trends and statistics Criminalization and Racial Disparities Ending the criminalization of people of color, immigrants, and people experiencing poverty Reducing Incarceration Drastically reducing the use of jails, prisons, and detention centers Dignity Behind Bars Centering dignity and minimizing the harms of criminal legal and immigration system involvement Investing in Communities It's time to invest in the things that help communities thrive. Our Work Advancing Universal Representation Unlocking Potential Reshaping Prosecution Restoring Promise Ending Girls' Incarceration Beyond Jails Jail Decarceration In Our Backyards Redefining Public Safety Closing Mass Incarceration's Front Door Place-Based Initiatives Opening Doors to Housing Fines and Fees Solutions & Research News & Stories Latest News & Stories Ideas, opinions, and strategies to end mass incarceration Media Center Press releases and media coverage Menu Donate Ending Mass Incarceration Ending Mass Incarceration Causes of Mass Incarceration Criminalization and Racial Disparities Reducing Incarceration Dignity Behind Bars Investing in Communities Our Work Advancing Universal Representation Unlocking Potential Reshaping Prosecution Restoring Promise Ending Girls' Incarceration Beyond Jails Jail Decarceration In Our Backyards Redefining Public Safety Closing Mass Incarceration's Front Door Place-Based Initiatives Opening Doors to Housing Fines and Fees Solutions & Research News & Stories Latest News & Stories Media Center Who We Are Who We Are About Us Message from the President People Locations Careers Financials Contact Us What We Do What We Do Strategic Priorities Get Involved Get Involved The Vera Shop Ways to Give Partner with Vera Events Search Fight for human dignity. Advocate for immigrants. Invest in communities. End mass incarceration. The Latest from Vera SPECIAL REPORT Advancing Transgender Justice Read Now Special Report You Can Make Your Campus More Welcoming to Justice-Involved Students Feb 06, 2024 PUBLICATION People on Electronic Monitoring Jan 30, 2024 We research, test, and scale innovative solutions to end mass incarceration. Mass incarceration robs people of dignity and tears at the fabric of communities. Vera brings researchers, organizers, and government leaders together to create evidence-based solutions that restore communities and end mass incarceration. When a solution works, we scale it nationwide. Criminalization & Racial Disparities End the criminalization of people of color, immigrants, and people experiencing poverty. Explore our solutions 2X Black people are twice as likely to be arrested as white people Explore our solutions Reducing Incarceration Drastically reduce the use of jails, prisons, and detention centers. See our impact When immigrants have legal representation, the likelihood that they will establish the right to remain in the US increases by 10X See our impact Dignity Behind Bars Center dignity and minimize the harms of criminal legal and immigration system involvement. Read our solutions 40K+ The number of people in prison who have gained access to college education through Second Chance Pell Programs Read our solutions Investing in Communities Support safe and thriving communities with comprehensive strategies that ensure accountability and are rooted in public health. Get involved $115B The amount spent annually for police—double what governments allocate for public assistance Get involved Learn. Take action. Transform the system. I’m in! Thank you for signing up! Join us in the fight for justice. Donate Help us spread the word! News & Stories NEWS After 30 Years, the First Program to Offer Pell Grants to Incarcerated Students Has Launched Mar 05, 2024 NEWS Cheap Jail and Prison Food Is Making People Sick. It Doesn’t Have To. Feb 27, 2024 NEWS “We Need to Listen” Feb 20, 2024 View more news & stories 34 35th Street Suite 4-2A Brooklyn, NY 11232 212-334-1300 About Us Careers Events Media Contact Us Keep up with us on social media. Transformative change, sent to your inbox. Add your email © Vera Institute of Justice. All rights reserved. Terms of Use GSA Advantage