Together we can change the rules | New Economics Foundation Publications Blog Audio/video Campaigns Press Events About Donate Home Publications Blog Audio/video Campaigns Press Events About Donate We can tackle climate change and inequality at the same time. The Green New Deal will curb the worst effects of climate breakdown and reprogram our economy so that it works for everyone. Find out more Join our campaigns Great Homes Upgrade Warmer homes for a cooler planet. Living Income A minimum income to ensure you can always afford life's essentials. Homes For Us Everyone deserves a safe, comfortable place to call home. Latest Podcasts New Economics Podcast: Can capitalism save the climate Ayeisha Thomas-Smith is joined by Adrienne Buller and Brett Christophers Ayeisha Thomas-Smith 29 February 2024 Blog Will Labour last in government? Let's look to Germany to find out In Germany, a centre-left government found itself hamstrung by strict borrowing rules Sebastian Mang 29 February 2024 Podcasts New Economics Podcast: Introducing the new chief executive of NEF Ayeisha Thomas-Smith is joined by Danny Sriskandarajah Ayeisha Thomas-Smith 13 February 2024 Blog Labour should learn that every fiscal rule is a political choice Rather than experiment with another round of austerity, Rachel Reeves should commit to investing in our economy. Lydia Prieg 08 February 2024 Blog A lost decade for home insulation We installed over 2m insulation measures in our homes in 2012. For the last few years, it's been just a tenth of this. Christian Jaccarini 06 February 2024 Blog There are other ways to tackle the cost of living crisis - just ask France and Spain From rent caps to free public transport, here are the French and Spanish policies our government should be looking at Paulo Yunda 19 January 2024 Change The Rules Discover inspiring new economy projects across the UK and the rules we need to change. Visit the website Our missions Our work is dedicated to fulfilling three central missions. New social settlement Ensuring we all have the basics for a decent quality of life. A Green New Deal Cutting carbon emissions, boosting nature and creating good jobs. Democratic economy Giving us an equal stake in the places where we live and work. Sign up for updates Hear about our work to build a new economy, including ways you can get involved and help support our campaigns. First name Email Postcode Sign up You can cancel at any time. See our privacy policy for full details. About us Our work Our missions Our people Accounts and funders Job vacancies Contact us Support us Our work All Publications Blog Audio/video Campaigns Press Events NEF Consulting NEF's consultancy arm, helping organisations move towards a new sustainable economy. Visit NEF Consulting Change The Rules We map local projects building a more democratic economy and the policies to make this happen. Visit Change The Rules © NEF 2024 • Registered charity 1055254 Terms and conditions • Privacy and cookies • RSS