Pirelli Global: Discover our world | Pirelli IT EN ES BR DE FR 中国 Stories Stories Road Racing Spot Life Road overview Car Motorcycles Bicycles Racing Spot overview Formula 1 Rally Gran Turismo Superbike Sailing Cycling Other Competitions E-sport Life overview Sustainability People Pirelli Calendar Lifestyle Innovation back Products Products Car Tyres Moto Tyres Bike Tyres Car Tyres overview Moto Tyres overview Bike Tyres overview back About About Contact us Archive FAQ Pirelli in Brief What we do Pirelli's history Organizational Structure Pirelli Headquarters Corporate Culture CERT Pirelli Total Efficiency 4.0 SUPPLIER'S AREA Consumer tyres OEM partnerships Racing Research & Development Indietro Indietro Indietro Sustainability Sustainability Contact us Archive FAQ Pirelli's Model ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE Sustainability Policies Materiality Sustainability Plan & Targets Main performance indicators REPORTING Sustainability channel The Values and Ethical Code Social Responsibility Policy for Occupational Health, Safety and Rights, and Environment Global Human Rights Policy Health, Safety and Environment Policy Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Product Stewardship Policy Quality Policy Green Sourcing Policy Supplier Code of Conduct Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy Code of Conduct Anti-Corruption Program Global antitrust and fair competition policy Antitrust Program Corporate Lobbying Policy Global Tax Policy Global Personal Data Protection Policy Intellectual Property Policy Social Media Policy Whistleblowing Policy Global Information Security Policy Indietro Indietro Indietro Governance Governance Contact us Archive FAQ Governance Structure Pirelli Corporate Governance Pillars Board of Directors and corporate bodies Bylaws and Deed of incorporation Corporate Governance Reports Regulations for Shareholder meetings Principles and procedure Shareholders agreements System of internal control Enterprise risk Management Remuneration Board of Directors Board Committees Board of statutory auditors External Auditors Supervisory Body Manager responsible for the preparation of the corporate financial documents Key manager Bylaws Deed of incorporation Corporate governance report Ethical code Group code of conduct Organisational model “231” Corporate Policy Group Policy Risk Governance Approach Risk factors and uncertainty Indietro Indietro Indietro Investors Investors Contact us Archive FAQ Pirelli in the stock market Consensus Shareholder information Key financials DEBT AND CREDIT RATING Outlook Results and Presentations Tyre Market Watch Financial Calendar Annual Report Share performance tool IPO documentation Share Capital Shareholder Structure Dividends Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors Financial Notices Financial Highlights Balance sheet Cash flow & NFP Tax overview 2022 financial goals achievement Investments and Divestments Capital Structure Bonds Outstanding Credit Facilities Schuldschein Credit rating Sustainable finance 2023 Financial Outlook 2023 Market Outlook Financial reports Presentations and Webcasts Press release Indietro Indietro Indietro Media Media Contact us Archive FAQ Press Releases F1 Press area Product Press Area Pirelli in Telecom Indietro Indietro Indietro Careers Careers Contact us Archive FAQ Work with us Life@Pirelli Graduates Life @ Pirelli People Learning and development International Mobility Pay Policy And Benefits Engagement and Welfare Diversity equity & inclusion Indietro Indietro Indietro Channels Tyres CINTURATO ALL SEASON SF3, THE BRAKING CHAMPION Tyres Pirelli debuts in the Moto2 and Moto3 World Championship other competitions Looking at the Streif upside down WANT MORE ? Ok SUBSCRIBE HERE Send SUBSCRIBE HERE art. 13 Legislative Decree 30 June 2003 n. 196 Privacy is a value which Pirelli & C S.p.A., with legal offices at Viale Piero e Alberto Pirelli 25, 20126 Milan (the "Controller" of your personal data, hereinafter referred to as "Pirelli") recognizes and respects. Prior to providing your personal data as required by the registration form, along with your video shot for the initiative, reproducing your image (hereinafter referred to as "Material"), please read the following privacy notice about the use of your personal data, in compliance with art. 13 D.Lgs 30th June 2003, n. 196. 1. Your personal data, including the Material, will be stored in the filing system of Pirelli Sistemi Informativi S.r.l., an Italian Pirelli affiliate assuring the respect of the security measures requested by Legislative Decree n. 196/2003, for purposes of allowing you to take part to this initiative (hereinafter referred to as the "Initiative"). We invite you to carefully read the Guidelines on Pirelli's rights and use of the Material. 2. In order to guarantee the respect of the of the Initiative's participation conditions, also for purposes of recognition of its related benefits, as well as to prevent any frauds, during your browsing on this website (hereinafter, "Website"), certain information is collected which allow to identify your computer and browser, through files called "cookies" and other similar methods of gathering information (for purposes of this document jointly referred to as '' Cookies ''). For the Pirelli Cookie policy click here 3. In the presence of your consent, your personal data might also be used to allow Pirelli and other Companies of the Pirelli Group to inform you about future product offers or promotional activities, always in compliance with the security measures applicable to the data processing. 4. It is entirely at your discretion whether or not to submit your personal data, including the Material. However, if you do not do so (i) you will not be able to take part in the Initiative or (ii) to receive product offers or information on promotional activities (a) by Pirelli or by companies within the Pirelli group and/or (b) by select Pirelli commercial partners and authorized Pirelli dealers. 5. Pirelli will act to secure your personal data and protect it from inappropriate disclosure. We implemented a series of measures to assure the security of your personal data in our systems. Personal information collected by us is stored on secure networks and accessible only to a limited number of employees with special access to those systems. 6. You may exercise at any time the rights specified under art. 7 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 (including, intern alia: the right to have your personal data updated corrected or deleted for legitimate reasons, the right to ask for an updated list of all personal data processors), by writing to the e-mail address: PRIVACY.DEPT@PIRELLI.COM I agree to the processing of my personal data for the sole purpose of participating in this promotion* Thanks for your subscription! TOP STORIES How to take care of All Season tyres Tyres Pirelli and Cayenne: every size, everywhere Supercars On this week - Jody Scheckter formula 1 Four-season concerns, All Season solutions Tyres Gearing up for America's Cup sailing The essential items for your next motorbike trip Tips Pirelli Stella Bianca, a challenge on ice Classic New lap record for Bathurst gran turismo Monday Pit-stop #3 other competitions Bicycle tyres, what to do when winter comes? Tyres A winter on the road travel Four women, four inventions People The Racing Spot View All News Mid-range compounds for the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix Milan, 5 March 2024 - Just a few days on from the curtain raiser in Bahrain, Formula 1 has decamped Verstappen kicks off with a Grand Chelem Could there be a better way to start the season than with a Grand Chelem? That's exactly what Max Verstappen picks up where he left off Max Verstappen picked up the 33rd pole position of his career, carrying on where he left off at the NEWS View All 05, March, 2024 Mid-range compounds for the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix 04, March, 2024 Pirelli to Qatar for its racing debut in Moto2™ and Moto3™ 02, March, 2024 Verstappen kicks off with a Grand Chelem NEXT EVENTS View All ARE YOU LOOKING FOR TYRES? Moto Car Bike STAY TUNED Facebook X-Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin TikTok - P.IVA: 00860340157 - v. 2.1.25 IP1 Company info Privacy Contact us Cookie Policy info Legal and Privacy