The Gospel Coalition (TGC) | × Browse Articles Featured Essay The Love of God An essay by Sam Storms Read Now Trending Prayer Faithfulness of God Saving Grace Adoption by God Most Popular Repentance Gender Identity Trusting God The Holiness of God See All Essays Blogs Kidd and Taylor Evangelical History Melissa Kruger Wit’s End Ray Ortlund Christ is Deeper Still Erik Raymond Ordinary Pastor Scotty Smith Heavenward Justin Taylor Between Two Worlds Trevin Wax Kingdom People Commentary Conference Media Courses Featured Essay Resurrection of Jesus An essay by Benjamin Shaw Read Now Trending Death of Christ Prayer Resurrection of Jesus Church and State Most Popular Sovereignty of God Repentance Faith and Works The Holiness of God See All Essays Essays Featured Essay Resurrection of Jesus An essay by Benjamin Shaw Read Now Trending Death of Christ Prayer Resurrection of Jesus Church and State Most Popular Sovereignty of God Repentance Faith and Works The Holiness of God See All Essays The Carson Center The Keller Center New City Catechism Podcasts Publications Read the Bible Store TGC Women Themelios Videos Filter By Scripture Topics Sections Authors Series Explore U.S. Edition Editions × Africa عربي Australia Brasil Canada 正體中文 简体中文 Español فارسی Français India Italia 한국어 Nederlands Norden Shqip Русский Slovenský Українська United States Browse Editorial ArticlesBlogsRead the BibleCommentaryEssaysNew City CatechismPublicationsReviewsSeriesThemeliosVideosArts & CultureBible & TheologyChristian LivingCurrent EventsFaith & WorkThe Carson CenterThe Keller CenterMinistry Podcasts As In HeavenGloGospelboundPost-Christianity?RecordedTGC PodcastYou're Not CrazyChurches Planting ChurchesHelp Me Teach The BibleLet's TalkTGC Q&AWord Of The Week Events Upcoming EventsPast Conference MediaCohorts About Us Foundation DocumentsCouncilStaffAuthorsContact UsThe Carson CenterThe Keller CenterStoreChaptersCoursesChurch DirectoryGlobal ResourcingJob Board Donate to TGC To All The World × The world is a confusing place right now. We believe that faithful proclamation of the gospel is what our hostile and disoriented world needs. Do you believe that too? Help TGC bring biblical wisdom to the confusing issues across the world by making a gift to our international work. Learn More U.S. Edition Editions × Africa عربي Australia Brasil Canada 正體中文 简体中文 Español فارسی Français India Italia 한국어 Nederlands Norden Shqip Русский Slovenský Українська United States The gospel for all of life Find the Edge in Your Preaching Preaching is a high calling. Our problem as preachers is when we fail to connect God’s truth to contemporary concerns. Trevin Wax Authority with Integrity: How Jesus Guides Our Leading Collin Hansen • Jonathan Leeman A Remarkable Achievement: The New “Ask Pastor John” Book Justin Taylor Authority with Integrity: How Jesus Guides Our Leading Collin Hansen • Jonathan Leeman A Remarkable Achievement: The New “Ask Pastor John” Book Justin Taylor Recent Reads February 2024 Erik Raymond Around The Web 1 Leading Like the Good Shepherd ROB BROCKMAN 2 Without Deacons, the Ministry of the Word Won’t Advance Matt Smethurst 3 The Inconsistency of Rhett's Critique of Christianity Gavin Ortlund 4 Reaching the Nations Starts with Loving the Local Church JIMMY WINFREY 5 We Who Are So Ordinary Tim Challies The One Right Answer to the Problem of Pain Randy Newman Recent Reads February 2024 Erik Raymond The One Right Answer to the Problem of Pain Randy Newman Dads, Don’t Waste Your Paternity Leave Rob Tombrella During a paternity leave, dads have the opportunity to forge new discipleship rhythms that can last long after the leave ends. How to Cultivate Wisdom in an Information-Saturated World Ana Ávila There’s good news for all those hungry for wisdom: God isn’t stingy with it. Sunday School Strategies for Every Grade Lisa Eekhoff Build a curriculum around retelling Scripture’s big story and adjust for developmental stages. Culture Influences Every Christian Drew Dickerson There’s no point in the life of the church that we can restore to find flawless biblical fidelity. Featured Podcast Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Stitcher Latest Episode God’s Presence in the Wilderness David Platt teaches on Exodus 40 and emphasizes the importance of extraordinary prayer. Watch on YouTube Listen Now Editors' Picks TGC Announces New Resource Hub for Pastors Jared Kennedy We hope this page will be a deep encouragement to pastors, as well as a one-stop hub where they can learn about new initiatives. Pastor, Don’t Waste Your Discouragement Phil A. Newton Why ‘Lone’ Artists Need the Church Jen Pollock Michel ‘That Thing Is Alive’: How the Bible Affected Its 6 Newest Narrators Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra Courageous Pastors or Overbearing Leaders: How Do We Tell the Difference? Andrew Wilson Around The Web 1 Leading Like the Good Shepherd ROB BROCKMAN 2 Without Deacons, the Ministry of the Word Won’t Advance Matt Smethurst 3 The Inconsistency of Rhett's Critique of Christianity Gavin Ortlund 4 Reaching the Nations Starts with Loving the Local Church JIMMY WINFREY 5 We Who Are So Ordinary Tim Challies Now Trending 1 ‘Dune: Part Two’: Cinematic Spectacle, Faith Skeptical Brett McCracken 2 4 Snapshots of Dispensationalism Today Daniel G. Hummel 3 Rumblings of Revival Among Gen Z? Trevin Wax 4 Quick Guide to Christian Denominations Trevin Wax 5 When the Pastor’s Wife Wants to Quit Glenna Marshall Advertise on TGC Most Read Ready for Church: 5 Ways to Be Present in Worship Alex Mark Often, we get so little out of corporate worship because we put so little into it. Respectable Sins in Christian Ministry Jen Oshman Is Attending a Wedding an Endorsement? David Strain Cremation or Burial: Does Our Choice Matter? Justin Dillehay The 11 Beliefs You Should Know about Jehovah’s Witnesses When They Knock at the Door Justin Taylor Courageous Pastors or Overbearing Leaders: How Do We Tell the Difference? Andrew Wilson The Improbable Love Story Behind Alpha’s Origins Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra Book Reviews More Culture Influences Every Christian Drew Dickerson Not Dead Yet: Tony Evans Celebrates the Vitality of the Black Church Kelvin Washington Go Beyond Arguments with Augustine’s Apologetics Coleman Ford More Prayer: Put the Power Train Back in Your Church Brad Wetherell Search Our Resources Trending Abuse Resurrection of Christ Racial Unity Justification Abortion Sexual Identity War Church Unity Bible Featured Resource The Mission of the Church An Essay By Kevin DeYoung Read Now Podcasts More Subscribe Newsletter RSS Apple Spotify Google Stitcher Latest Episodes Authority with Integrity: How Jesus Guides Our Leading Collin Hansen • Jonathan Leeman Listen Now Unexpected Pathways to Faith Collin Hansen • Randy Newman Listen Now Why Your Community Needs Healthy Marriages Collin Hansen • Brad Wilcox Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Latest Episodes Welcome and Witness: How to Reach Out in a Secular Age Glen Scrivener • Andrew Wilson • Rebecca McLaughlin Listen Now Faith and Fruitfulness: How to Thrive in Our Cultural Moment Glen Scrivener • Andrew Wilson Listen Now Selves and Psychologies: The Rise of the Post-Christian Self Glen Scrivener • Andrew Wilson • Carl Trueman Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Stitcher Latest Episodes How to Build Gospel Culture: A Q&A Conversation Ray Ortlund • Sam Allberry Listen Now Encouragement from Paul’s Final Words Ray Ortlund • Sam Allberry Listen Now What Motivates Us to Preach the Word? Ray Ortlund • Sam Allberry Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Latest Episodes Examining the Current and Future State of the Global Church Blair Linne • Aixa de López • Sharon Dickens • Soojin Park Listen Now Supporting Mental Health with Dignity and Grace Blair Linne • Aixa de López • Sharon Dickens • Soojin Park Listen Now Exploring the Intersection of Christianity and the Arts Blair Linne • Aixa de López • Sharon Dickens • Soojin Park Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Latest Episodes Trevin Wax on Reconstructing Faith Jim Davis • Michael Graham • Trevin Wax Listen Now How to Be a Missional and Confessional Church That Motivates People for Faithful Ministry Jim Davis • Michael Aitcheson • Irwyn Ince Listen Now How to Faithfully Engage the Dechurched Movement as a Church in Exile Jim Davis • Michael Graham • Jake Meador Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Google Spotify Latest Episodes Gaming Alone: Helping the Generation of Young Men Captivated and Isolated by Video Games Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra Listen Now Why Sinclair Ferguson Moved Back to Scotland’s Most Secular City Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra • Sinclair Ferguson Listen Now Scrolling Alone: How Instagram Is Making a Generation of Girls Lonely, Anxious, and Sad Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Stitcher Latest Episodes God’s Presence in the Wilderness David Platt Listen Now God’s Judgment and Hope in the Wilderness Andrew Wilson Listen Now God’s Covenant Confirmed in the Wilderness Ligon Duncan Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Stitcher Latest Episodes Faith & Work: How Do I Glorify God Even When My Work Seems Meaningless? Greg Phelan Listen Now Faith & Work: How Should We Think Biblically About End-of-Life Care? Bill Davis Listen Now Faith & Work: How Can We Include the Poor in the Conversation? Brian Fikkert • Robby Holt Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Podcasts Overcast Stitcher Latest Episodes Let’s Talk (Live): Growing in Gratitude Melissa Kruger • Jasmine Holmes • Jackie Hill Perry Listen Now Let’s Talk: Your Questions, Answered! Jackie Hill Perry • Jasmine Holmes • Melissa Kruger Listen Now Let’s Talk: Recognizing and Fighting Idolatry Jackie Hill Perry • Jasmine Holmes • Melissa Kruger Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Stitcher Latest Episodes Getting Rid of Your Fear of the Book of Revelation Nancy Guthrie Listen Now Putting Passion and Personality into Your Teaching Nancy Guthrie Listen Now Putting Together a Christ-Centered Bible Talk Nancy Guthrie Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Stitcher Latest Episodes Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places: A Sermon from Julius Kim Julius Kim Listen Now When Dry Riverbeds Flow Again (Psalm 126) Bernard N. Howard Listen Now I Can’t Breathe: A Sermon by Charlie Dates Charlie Dates Listen Now Subscribe RSS Apple Spotify Google Podbean Latest Episodes Introducing The Acts 29 Podcast J. A. Medders Listen Now Church Planting and Cultural Engagement Tony Merida • Daniel Strange Listen Now Church-Planting Momentum in Japan Tony Merida • Adam Ramsey Listen Now Newsletters Get TGC delivered to your inbox! Book Reviews Which books are must-reads? Which should be avoided? Let us do the hard work for you. Sign up for an essential monthly roundup of book reviews by trusted voices. Ministry Ministry life can be tough. Get regular encouragement by signing up to receive a monthly update on essential content for pastors, church leaders, and anyone else in ministry. TGC Daily Stay up to date. Every weekday, get a recap of the latest articles, podcasts, videos, and trending content from TGC.org. TGC Weekly Only have time for the best-of-the-best from TGC? This weekly email includes an editor’s pick for the one newly published resource you shouldn’t miss, as well as a list of the six most popular pieces of content from the week. Sign up to stay in the loop! TGC Women Sign up to receive a monthly update on essential articles, videos, and links for women seeking to be grounded in Scripture. Subscribe Advertise on TGC Videos More Authority with Integrity: How Jesus Guides Our Leading Collin Hansen • Jonathan Leeman Collin Hansen and Jonathan Leeman discuss challenges related to authority, including the importance of accountability and the need for leaders to sometimes absorb others’ anger. God’s Presence in the Wilderness David Platt David Platt teaches on Exodus 40 and emphasizes the importance of extraordinary prayer. God’s Judgment and Hope in the Wilderness Andrew Wilson Andrew Wilson teaches on Exodus 32, drawing parallels to the security of salvation through Jesus’s perfect mediation. Unexpected Pathways to Faith Collin Hansen • Randy Newman Collin Hansen and Randy Newman discuss the complexities of faith, including motives, plausibility, certainty, and doubt. God’s Covenant Confirmed in the Wilderness Ligon Duncan Ligon Duncan teaches from Exodus 24 and emphasizes the key themes of representation, substitution, and communion in the context of worship. Advertise on TGC A devotional bible commentary in partnership with Join Us! Today’s Reading Today’s Bible Reading Exodus 16 • Luke 19 • Job 34 • 2 Corinthians 4 The closing verses of Exodus 15 are a harbinger of things to come. Despite the miraculous interventions by God that characterized their escape from Egypt, the people do not really... Read Now Join Us! The Latest Gospel Resources About Fasting Explore Authority with Integrity: How Jesus Guides Our Leading Collin Hansen • Jonathan Leeman Collin Hansen and Jonathan Leeman discuss challenges related to authority, including the importance of accountability and the need for leaders to sometimes absorb others’ anger. Find the Edge in Your Preaching Trevin Wax Preaching is a high calling. Our problem as preachers is when we fail to connect God’s truth to contemporary concerns. Dads, Don’t Waste Your Paternity Leave Rob Tombrella During a paternity leave, dads have the opportunity to forge new discipleship rhythms that can last long after the leave ends. The One Right Answer to the Problem of Pain Randy Newman People who face suffering need both perspective and power. How to Cultivate Wisdom in an Information-Saturated World Ana Ávila There’s good news for all those hungry for wisdom: God isn’t stingy with it. Culture Influences Every Christian Drew Dickerson There’s no point in the life of the church that we can restore to find flawless biblical fidelity. Sunday School Strategies for Every Grade Lisa Eekhoff Build a curriculum around retelling Scripture’s big story and adjust for developmental stages. Loading More Articles Advertise on TGC Sections More Arts & Culture ‘Dune: Part Two’: Cinematic Spectacle, Faith Skeptical Brett McCracken 10 New Albums to Enhance Your Devotional Life Brett McCracken Why ‘Lone’ Artists Need the Church Jen Pollock Michel Bible & Theology The One Right Answer to the Problem of Pain Randy Newman Culture Influences Every Christian Drew Dickerson Not Dead Yet: Tony Evans Celebrates the Vitality of the Black Church Kelvin Washington Christian Living Dads, Don’t Waste Your Paternity Leave Rob Tombrella How to Cultivate Wisdom in an Information-Saturated World Ana Ávila 8 Bible Verses for Your Move Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra • Winfree Brisley Current Affairs Biohazard or Bundle of Joy? Pregnancy Is Not a Disease. Andrew Spencer Alabama’s Supreme Court Rules IVF Embryos Are Children Joe Carter Good News About Christian Marriages Katelyn Walls Shelton Faith & Work Early Court Rulings on Preferred Pronouns in the Workplace Richard Osborne III My Pastor’s Wife Showed Me Christ Clara Lind Why We Pulled Our Kids from Club Sports Sarah Eekhoff Zylstra • Ross Douma The Keller Center Authority with Integrity: How Jesus Guides Our Leading Collin Hansen • Jonathan Leeman Find the Edge in Your Preaching Trevin Wax How to Face Apparent Contradictions in the Gospels Michael J. Kruger Ministry Authority with Integrity: How Jesus Guides Our Leading Collin Hansen • Jonathan Leeman Sunday School Strategies for Every Grade Lisa Eekhoff When the Pastor’s Wife Wants to Quit Glenna Marshall Reviews Culture Influences Every Christian Drew Dickerson Not Dead Yet: Tony Evans Celebrates the Vitality of the Black Church Kelvin Washington Go Beyond Arguments with Augustine’s Apologetics Coleman Ford The Carson Center Benjamin L. Gladd Selected as Executive Director of The Carson Center Collin Hansen The Bible Commentary We Didn’t Know We Were Missing Phil Thompson Prophetic from the Center: Don Carson’s Vision for The Gospel Coalition Collin Hansen The New City Catechism Question 10 What Does God Require in the Fourth and Fifth Commandments? See Answer Series More Remembering Tim Keller various Good Faith Debates various TGC Talks various One Minute Apologetics various Movie Reviews various Gospel Shaped Worship Jared C. Wilson On My Shelf various The FAQs various How to Help Our Neighbors Meet Jesus various Difficult but Beautiful Doctrines various The Gospel Coalition supports the church by providing resources that are trusted and timely, winsome and wise, and centered on the gospel of Jesus Christ. Learn More Email Updates privacy policy permissions store donate Copyright © 2024 The Gospel Coalition, INC. All Rights Reserved Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases on Amazon.com. Learn more. privacy policy permissions store donate Copyright © 2024 The Gospel Coalition, INC. All Rights Reserved Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases on Amazon.com. Learn more.