FreeCAD: Your own 3D parametric modeler English Afrikaans Arabic Belarusian Catalan Czech German Greek Spanish Spanish Basque Finnish Filipino French Galician Croatian Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Kabyle Korean Lithuanian Dutch Norwegian Bokmal Polish Portuguese Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Slovenian Serbian Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Valencian Vietnamese Chinese Chinese Features Download Blog Documentation Documentation index Getting started Users documentation The FreeCAD manual Workbenches documentation Python coding documentation C++ coding documentation Tutorials Frequently asked questions About FreeCAD Contribute How to help Donate / Sponsor Report a bug Make a pull request Jobs and funding Contribution guidelines Developers handbook Translations Community Code of conduct Forum The FPA GitHub GitLab Codeberg Mastodon Matrix IRC IRC via Webchat Gitter Discord Reddit Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Calendar Your own 3D parametric modeler Download now See what's new Freedom to build what you want FreeCAD is an open-source parametric 3D modeler made primarily to design real-life objects of any size. Parametric modeling allows you to easily modify your design by going back into your model history and changing its parameters. Create 3D from 2D & back FreeCAD allows you to sketch geometry constrained 2D shapes and use them as a base to build other objects. It contains many components to adjust dimensions or extract design details from 3D models to create high quality production ready drawings. Accessible, flexible & integrated FreeCAD is a multiplatform (Windows, Mac and Linux), highly customizable and extensible software. It reads and writes to many open file formats such as STEP, IGES, STL, SVG, DXF, OBJ, IFC, DAE and many others, making it possible to seamlessly integrate it into your workflow. Designed for your needs FreeCAD is designed to fit a wide range of uses including product design, mechanical engineering and architecture. Whether you are a hobbyist, a programmer, an experienced CAD user, a student or a teacher, you will feel right at home with FreeCAD. And many more great features FreeCAD equips you with all the right tools for your needs. You get modern Finite Element Analysis (FEA) tools, experimental CFD, dedicated BIM, Geodata or CAM/CNC workbenches, a robot simulation module that allows you to study robot movements and many more features. FreeCAD really is a Swiss Army knife of general-purpose engineering toolkits. Learn more Want to contribute to FreeCAD? FreeCAD is a truly open source project and if you would like to help fix bugs, implement new cool features or work on the documentation, we invite you to join us and create a software that benefits the whole community. Get involved Get in touch! © The FreeCAD Team. Homepage image credits (top to bottom): ppemawm, r-frank, epileftric, regis, rider_mortagnais, bejant. This project is supported by: , KiCad Services Corp. and other sponsors Improve this page on GitHub