Synthesizer V | Dreamtonics株式会社 NEWS Synthesizer V Synthesizer V Synthesizer V Studio Voice Database EULA Previous versions STORE ABOUT US CONTACT Synthesizer V Studio GET LANG LANG English 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 The future of music production is here. A cumulation of years of AI research, signal processing, and an unwavering passion for music has led to Synthesizer V. A music producer’s dream, our pioneering synthesizer faithfully replicates the nuances of the human singing voice – without limiting your vocabulary. With access to customizable, realistic vocals at your fingertips, you can bring your idea to life with Synthesizer V. Music production is evolving. Become an early adopter today. A new dimension of music production Life-like and responsive vocals at your fingertip Warmth and tonality are hallmarks of the human singing voice. Behind the scenes, Synthesizer V leverages a deep neural network-based synthesis engine capable of generating incredibly life-like singing voices. Plus, unlike other solutions that utilize neural networks, our first-of-its-kind synthesizer is 100% offline yet runs at lightning-fast speeds. Bad connection? No worries. You will never lose access to your work. Accelerate the prototyping stage of music creation Unlimited Vocal Expressions Experiment with an expanding inventory of voices ready to plug-and-play with Synthesizer V Studio. Dive deeper and customize voices with dynamic vocal modes like chest, belt, and breathy. Live Rendering Visualize your modifications in waveforms in real-time via the Live Rendering feature, helping you minimize hearing fatigue and reduce the idea-to-sound cycle. Cross-Lingual Synthesis Synthesizer V AI voices are available natively in English, Japanese and Chinese. Plus, the Cross-lingual Synthesis feature breaks the language barrier, empowering any voice to sing in any of our three languages! Clean vocals for dedicated pros Generate clean vocal tracks to nail any demo All you need is to Import a MIDI file into Synthesizer V Studio and enter the lyrics. Having an Eureka moment for your next hit? Just plug in a MIDI keyboard and enter the melody in realtime. Synthesizer V Studio Pro also integrates into your workflow through VST3 and AudioUnit interface. Using AI the Ethical Way Keeping true to your creativity All our voice databases are officially licensed, each one sung by a professional musician. Simply type in your lyrics, enter your notes, and let our synth sing. This is perfect for when you don’t have an IRL singer, are drafting ideas, or just prefer the style of virtual singing. Ready to reimagine your workflow? Here's how. To get started, you need Synthesizer V Studio and at least one voice database. Voices are produced by us and our talented partners. Meet our voices Language ALL Gender ALL Vendor ALL Synthesizer V Studio Series Feature Comparison Operating System: Windows / macOS / Linux Runs natively on Apple Silicon Basic Edition Free Project : Up to 3 tracks AI Pitch Generation : Default configuration only Rendering :Up to 2 cores utilization Download Recommended Pro Edition Downloadable upon purchase Project: Unlimited tracks AI Pitch Generation:Customizable Rendering:No core limits Integration: VST3/AU plugin ASIO support (Windows) Jack support (Linux) Cross-Lingual Synthesis AI Retakes Isolated Aspiration Output Vocal Modes Tone Shift parameter Microtonal Adjustment MIDI keyboard support and Metronome Lua/Javascript Scripting Dreamtonics Store AHS Download Open your ears to the Synthesizer V experience. Synthesizer V AI Natalie - Original Demo Songs Dreamtonics 【Synthesizer V AI Ryo】アレカコニア【公式デモ曲】 Dreamtonics Synthesizer V AI Mai Demo - Merry-Go-Round Dreamtonics 【Synthesizer V 京町セイカ】公式デモ曲ショートバージョン AHS Synthesizer V AI Kevin Voice Demo - Stir Crazy Dreamtonics 【花隈千冬】ヒメタルネ【SynthesizerV AI 開発中サンプル音声】 TOKYO6 ENTERTAINMENT Erode - Synthesizer V SOLARIA Original Demo Song (Vocal Modes Update Demonstration) Eclipsed Sounds Learn more Download NEWS Synthesizer V Press Release Event Recruit Other Synthesizer V Synthesizer V Studio Voice Database EULA Previous versions ABOUT US CONTACT Copyright 2020-2023 Dreamtonics Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2023 Dreamtonics Xunyujiuyin All Rights Reserved. Dreamtonics循语究音 版权所有 循语究音（上海）技术开发有限责任公司 沪ICP备2022018678号-1 沪公网安备 31011502019510号 Collapse to miniplayer Unfold player Title Caption Previous Play Pause Next Previous Trackname Next Vocal Mode Loading Previous Loading Next [title] [caption] [about] Close