Clarivate - Data, Insights and Analytics for the Innovation Lifecycle Support Investors Careers Login exit_to_app Search About Us About us Newsroom Voice of Customer Customer Stories Support About us Clarivate is a global leader in trusted and transformative intelligence. Learn more about our mission and what we do Executive Leadership Our global leadership is committed to accelerating the pace of innovation.Learn more about our leaders Sustainability Sustainability is at the heart of everything we do.Learn more about our approach Featured articles Sustainability – The foundation of everything we do At Clarivate, we have created an interconnected, shared purpose that guides every decision we make in order to improve environmental, social, and governance issues worldwide. How Clarivate uses Artificial Intelligence you can trust to transform your world Our dedicated Data Science team have implemented AI across our portfolio to enhance our tools and solutions for decades, and they are forward thinking in their approach to utilizing new technology as it emerges. Newsroom News and insights from Clarivate.Read the latest news Featured news Clarivate Expands Partnership with VeriSIM Life to Accelerate and De-risk Research and Drug Development Clarivate announced the launch of VeriSIM Life Translational Index™ on Cortellis Drug Discovery Intelligence by Clarivate. The integrated workflow provides customers with a diverse array of predictive compound safety and efficacy insights. Clarivate and the Chinese Academy of Sciences Release Annual Report to Identify 128 Research Fronts Clarivate and the Chinese Academy of Sciences released their “Research Fronts 2023” annual joint report which identified a total of 128 Research Fronts including 110 “hot” and 18 “emerging” Fronts. Voice of Customer We believe that the best results come from working together in respectful partnership with our colleagues and customers.See how we keep our customers first Featured news Clarivate Reveals World’s Influential Researchers in Highly Cited Researchers 2023 List Clarivate revealed its 2023 list of Highly Cited Researchers™ – influential researchers at universities, research institutes and commercial organizations around the world who have demonstrated significant and broad influence in their fields of research. Clarivate Expands Partnership with VeriSIM Life to Accelerate and De-risk Research and Drug Development Clarivate announced the launch of VeriSIM Life Translational Index™ on Cortellis Drug Discovery Intelligence by Clarivate. The integrated workflow provides customers with a diverse array of predictive compound safety and efficacy insights. Customer Stories Trusted partner to innovators everywhere. Learn more about how we help our customers Featured stories Case study: Understanding competitive dynamics at IQGEN-X India-based IQGEN-X turned to Cortellis Generics Intelligence to aid in its strategic planning and improve ROI. Enabling research excellence in the health sciences Acibadem University, Türkiye uses citation analytics to elevate its performance and establish itself as an expert in health sciences globally Support Whether you’re looking for product support, learning and training or have billing or invoice inquiries, we can help.Get help Academia & Government Academia & Government Drive research excellence and student success. Learn more Scientific & Academic Research Content Solutions Books & Marketplaces Library Software Solutions for Government Scientific & Academic Research Deliver innovative, impactful research outcomes by equipping your institution with trustworthy, curated data, flexible solutions, and unbiased expertise. Learn more. Research discovery and referencing Web of Science EndNote RefWorks Master Journal List Research funding and analytics InCites Benchmarking & Analytics Essential Science Indicators Esploro Research Professional News Consultancy and Data Publisher Solutions ScholarOne Web of Science Author Connect Web of Science Reviewer Locator Web of Science Reviewer Recognition Service Featured products Journal Citation Reports Make confident decisions with transparent, publisher-neutral journal data. Web of Science Core Collection A trusted citation index for locating research across a curated, multidisciplinary set of journals, books, & conferences Pivot-RP Increase funding success rates using an expert-curated source of global funding opportunities with powerful workflow, intelligence and discovery tools. Content Solutions Content solutions delivered in context to help researchers, faculty and students achieve success in research and learning. Learn more. Menu Item Databases Dissertations News Primary Sources Streaming Video Featured products ProQuest One Academic Meet the needs of students and faculty with a collection of essential multiformat content, all in one place. ProQuest Historical Newspapers Access sought-after primary sources with the definitive digitized newspaper archive with over 50 million pages. ProQuest Dissertations & Theses Global Uncover new ideas and research innovations in the world’s most comprehensive curated collection of multidisciplinary dissertations and theses. Books & Marketplaces Unparalleled content aggregation and curation and marketplaces for content discovery, acquisition and insights. Learn more. Menu Item Rialto OASIS Ebook Central Books Services Alethea Featured products Academic Complete This affordable subscription comes with a growing selection of 234,000+ titles that support curricula, graduation rate trends and emerging courses Ebooks Offers Make the most of your library collection budget and explore offers from key academic publishers and university presses Curated Topics Expertly selected title lists, created by and for librarians, that feature the latest and most-requested front-list electronic and print books Library Software Revolutionizing library technology through connection, collaboration, and innovation. Learn more. Public Libraries Polaris Vega Library Experience Innovative Mobile INN-Reach Academic Libraries Alma Primo Leganto campusM Library Mobile Rapido Rosetta Featured products Alma Manage print, electronic, and digital materials in a single interface using the leading unified library services platform. Primo Maximize the exposure of your library collections, and provide students and researchers with fast access to scholarly materials. Solutions for Government Achieve important national outcomes with the world’s most trusted data and intelligence. Learn more. Menu Item Research Security Solutions Featured products ProQuest Dissertations & Theses Global Uncover new ideas and research innovations in the world’s most comprehensive curated collection of multidisciplinary dissertations and theses. Pivot-RP Increase funding success rates using an expert-curated source of global funding opportunities with powerful workflow, intelligence and discovery tools. Life Sciences & Healthcare Life Sciences & Healthcare Advance innovation and accelerate patient outcomes. Learn more Real-World Data Portfolio Strategy & Business Development Research & Development Commercialization Manufacturing Consulting Services MedTech Generics Real-World Data Gain patient insights today for a healthier tomorrow. Learn more. Areas of expertise Disease Strategy Launch Planning Market Access Commercial Effectiveness Featured products Clarivate Patient Data Intelligence Self-service platform that provides instantaneous insight into patient care, dispensing, and prescribing trends. Healthbase The industry’s most accurate and intelligent affiliations platform. Integrated Patient Journey Drive better outcomes with multi-layered insights and analytics. Portfolio Strategy & Business Development Plan innovative solutions and drive portfolio value. Learn more. Market Assessment Disease Landscape and Forecast Epidemiology Cortellis Competitive Intelligence Real-World Data Biosimilars Insights Competitive Intelligence Cortellis Competitive Intelligence Disease Landscape and Forecast Cortellis Generics Intelligence Partner Identification and Deal-making Cortellis Deals Intelligence Cortellis Competitive Intelligence Featured resources Companies to Watch 2023 Seven promising early-stage companies working on AI and ML applications for drug discovery and development Webinar: Deal making in uncertain times Watch our webinar exploring the scientific, political and financial headwinds impacting biopharma ambitions. Oncology Drugs to Watch 2023 This report explores treatment breakthroughs highlighted at ASCO 2023. Research & Development Optimize drug discovery, successfully translate drugs from lab to clinic, and ensure regulatory approval driven by transformative intelligence across the R&D life cycle. Learn more Discovery & Development Cortellis Drug Discovery Intelligence Cortellis Clinical Trials Intelligence OFF-X Preclinical and Clinical Safety Intelligence Regulatory & Compliance Cortellis Regulatory Intelligence Cortellis CMC Intelligence Pharmacovigilance & Drug Safety OFF-X Preclinical and Clinical Safety Intelligence Drug Safety Triager Dialog Featured resources Optimizing clinical trials using real-world data This report examines how drug developers are using real-world data to shape, supplement, and accelerate their clinical trials. Drugs to Watch 2024 From CRISPR to bispecifics, cancer to COPD, new drugs on the cusp Commercialization Strategically launch and position your product in the market for maximum patient benefit. Learn more Products & Services Market Access Commercial Effectiveness & Launch Strategy Customer Engagement Real-World Data Consulting Services Featured products Fingertip Formulary™ Suite Maximize market access opportunities with formulary data and interactive tools to track your brands versus competitors. Patient Connect Enabling life science companies to identify and support patients at the point of care and point of dispensing. Real-World Data Dive deep into the provider, patient, payer relationships to understand the complexity of care and treatment and get granular information on the patient healthcare experience, utilization patterns and direct cost expenditures. Manufacturing Solutions that transform complex market, API, and regulatory data into actionable insights, driving efficient supply chain management and strategic manufacturing decision-making. Learn more Featured products Cortellis CMC Intelligence Simplify access to regional governance and reduce research time with a single source of global chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) requirements. Cortellis Generics Intelligence Make timely and data-driven business decisions in the biopharma generics and biosimilars markets with a single source of market performance, patent and manufacturing data. Consulting Services Improving patient lives by helping clients develop and bring new treatments and devices to market. Learn more. Areas of expertise R&D consulting Commercial strategy consulting Evidence, value and access consulting Technology consulting Featured products Cortellis Drug Discovery Intelligence Accelerate development with complete preclinical drug intelligence. Real-World Data Dive deep into the provider, patient, payer relationships to understand the complexity of care and treatment and get granular information on the patient healthcare experience, utilization patterns and direct cost expenditures. ClaRITA – Clarivate Regulatory Intelligence Tracking App Provide your pharmacovigilance, safety, clinical, and technical operations teams the information they need to monitor changing legislation and regulations. MedTech Make your commercialization planning easier and more effective with medtech innovation. Learn more. Products & Services Strategic Planning Market Access Regulatory Launch & Product Lifecycle Management Featured products Medtech360 Make informed, strategic decisions and respond to an evolving market through medtech insights. Medical Supply Distribution Comprehensive medical supply market share intelligence and actionable insights to track real-time trends Procedure Finder Understand where patients are receiving procedures to improve device marketing strategy and patient experience. Generics Plan your portfolio and get affordable treatments to patients. Learn more. Menu Item Strategy & Business Development Research & Development Manufacturing Commercialization Featured products Cortellis Generics Intelligence Make timely and data-driven business decisions in the biopharma generics and biosimilars markets with a single source of market performance, patent and manufacturing data. Cortellis Competitive Intelligence Monitor the competitive landscape, validate investments and strategically prioritize your portfolio so you can focus on maximizing ROI and improving patient outcomes. Cortellis Drug Discovery Intelligence Accelerate development with complete preclinical drug intelligence. Intellectual Property Intellectual Property Transform the way you create, manage and protect intellectual property. Learn more IP Management Software Patent Services Patent Intelligence Brand IP Solutions Litigation Intelligence IP Management Software Software that simplifies the process of managing intellectual property assets. Learn more For Corporates IPfolio Unycom Memotech The IP Management System Ipendo For Law Firms FoundationIP Inprotech Patrawin The IP Management System Productivity Solutions Forecast Application First to File Connect Featured products IPfolio Leading IP management software for corporations. FoundationIP Leading IP management software for law firms. IP Diagnostic Consulting Not sure which IPMS is right for you? IP Diagnostic Consulting can help. Patent Services Expert administrative support to optimize patent workflows. Learn more. Patent Maintenance For Corporates For Law Firms Patent Recordals Patent Search Services Patent Administrative Services Docketing Services Filing Patent Translations Paralegal and Formalities European Patent Validations Featured products Docketing Get reliable, world-class support on your prosecution correspondence. Unitary Patent Support Expert services to help you navigate the European Unitary Patent. Patent Intelligence Patent data, software and expert research for insights you can trust. Learn more. Patent Search & Watch Derwent Innovation Derwent SequenceBase incoPat Patent Search Services PatentScout Patent Analytics Innography incoPat Patent Analytics Services Derwent Data Analyzer Patent Data Feeds & APIs Derwent World Patents Index Derwent Chemical Patents Index GENESEQ Derwent APIs Featured products Derwent Innovation Trusted patent search software for high confidence decisions. Innography Patent intelligence software that delivers IP answers for business results. Patent Search Services Expert patent research for more confident patentability, FTO and in(validity) decisions. Brand IP Solutions Trademark solutions to build, protect and expand strong brands. Learn more. Trademark Search Clearance Full Search Screening Search – SAEGIS Brand Landscape Analyzer TM go365 Trademark Watch Worldwide Watch Online Watch Trademark Managed Services Trademark Docketing Trademark Recordals Trademark Analytics Trademark Administration and Support Trademark Maintenance for Law Firms Trademark Maintenance for Corporations Trademark Data & APIs TrademarkVision for Governments Featured products Clarivate Brand Landscape Analyzer AI-enhanced research tool for assessing legal and commercial risk for new brands Trademark Analytics Delivers custom trademark analytics in a curated, interactive and highly readable format. Darts-ip IP intelligence for comprehensive insights into the litigation landscape of any IP asset Litigation Intelligence Global IP case law that informs confident IP decisions. Learn more. Litigation & Opposition Intelligence Darts-ip Patent Case Law Data Darts-ip Trademark Case Law Data Darts-ip Copyright Case Law Data Darts-ip Design and Model Case Law Data Darts-ip Domain Name Case Law Data Litigation Research Services Custom Case Law Data Reports Case Law Search Services Litigation Data & APIs Darts-ip Ligitation Data APIs Featured products Darts-ip Patent Case Law Data The leading source of global patent case data, litigation trends and insights. Darts-ip Trademark Case Law Data The largest and only global IP case law database dedicated to trademark cases. Case Law Search Services Resources Resources Blog Clarivate Innovation Exchange Partners Researcher Recognition Webinars Reports & Case Studies Podcasts Blog Keep up with the latest news, insights and research from Clarivate. Read our blog Featured articles Change on the horizon: The evolving IP legal profession By the year 2030, it is likely the legal space will look and operate differently to today, reshaping the way IP professionals work. What could this mean for the future of the IP legal profession? Best practices for AI and ML use across the drug discovery and development lifecycle The speed of drug discovery and development are being transformed by AI and machine learning applications. AI and life science companies need to conduct due diligence to ensure optimal results and avoid the pitfalls of AI capabilities. Researchers of Nobel class: Citation Laureates 2023 The Citation Laureates™ 2023 list has been announced, recognizing a select group of influential, highly cited researchers whose contributions are on par with Nobel Prize recipients. Clarivate Innovation Exchange Novel solutions derived from our unique capabilities and those of our carefully selected partners. Learn more Featured apps IP-GeoScape® From our solution partner, Accencio® – a visual landscape of the molecular IP space that reveals the multi-dimensional relationship between molecules within a target area of interest. ClaRITA – Clarivate Regulatory Intelligence Tracking App Provide your pharmacovigilance, safety, clinical, and technical operations teams the information they need to monitor changing legislation and regulations. Partners Partner with us and help accelerate innovation. Menu Item Channel Partner Program Cortellis Partner Program ScholarOne Partner Program Researcher Recognition World-changing research should be seen, shared and celebrated. Learn more Featured programs Highly Cited Researchers Researchers who have demonstrated significant and broad influence reflected in their publication of multiple highly cited papers over the last decade. Citation Laureates Researchers whose work is deemed to be of Nobel stature, as attested by markedly high citation tallies recorded in the Web of Science. Eugene Garfield Award This award honors Eugene Garfield’s legacy and recognizes early career researchers in scientometrics developing innovative techniques in citation analysis. Webinars Live and on-demand webinars from our experts. Menu Item Academic & Government Life Sciences & Healthcare Intellectual Property Trademarks Patents IP Litigation Featured webinars Let’s get real about data and AI How real world data, real world evidence and AI/machine learning are poised to transform biopharma innovation and delivery of care. Building a stronger patent portfolio: Strategies for data-driven patent portfolio management Clarivate experts share key strategies from working with some of the world’s most innovative companies on how patent intelligence can be applied to help your legal team make the right decisions for managing patent portfolios. Reports & Case Studies The latest research, insights and customer case studies from Clarivate. Menu Item Artificial Intelligence old page Life Sciences & Healthcare Trademarks Patents IP Litigation ISI Publications ISI Global Research Reports Featured reports China’s research landscape This new report from ISI charts the exceptional research trajectory that China has followed over the last 40 years. Enabling a pharmaceutical company to enter new markets with confidence See how the Clarivate patent search team performed a freedom to operate (FTO) search to help a pharma company enter new markets. Podcasts The Clarivate podcast series enables us to address issues in key business areas in new and interesting ways. Listen to our podcasts Featured podcasts From lab to life: The transformative power of synthetic biology Rapid advancements in technology and science are shaping a new era, with AI and synthetic biology, or “syn-bio,” at the forefront. Jim Collins, professor at MIT and a widely recognized trailblazer in syn-bio, helps listeners navigate through its exciting but complex landscape. Artificial Intelligence: Building bridges between science and policy Leveraging AI tools for the greater good is the passion that drives Jaron Porciello, guest speaker in the latest episode of our “Ideas to Innovation Season 2″ podcast. Contact us Search About Uskeyboard_arrow_up About us Executive LeadershipSustainability NewsroomVoice of CustomerCustomer StoriesSupport Academia & Governmentkeyboard_arrow_up Academia & Government Drive research excellence and student success. Learn more Scientific & Academic Research Research discovery and referencing Web of ScienceEndNoteRefWorksMaster Journal List Research funding and analytics InCites Benchmarking & AnalyticsEssential Science IndicatorsEsploroResearch Professional NewsConsultancy and Data Publisher Solutions ScholarOneWeb of Science Author ConnectWeb of Science Reviewer LocatorWeb of Science Reviewer Recognition Service Content Solutions Menu Item DatabasesDissertationsNewsPrimary SourcesStreaming Video Books & Marketplaces Menu Item RialtoOASISEbook CentralBooks ServicesAlethea Library Software Public Libraries PolarisVega Library ExperienceInnovative MobileINN-Reach Academic Libraries AlmaPrimoLegantocampusMLibrary MobileRapidoRosetta Solutions for Government Menu Item Research Security Solutions Life Sciences & Healthcarekeyboard_arrow_up Life Sciences & Healthcare Advance innovation and accelerate patient outcomes. Learn more Real-World Data Areas of expertise Disease StrategyLaunch PlanningMarket AccessCommercial Effectiveness Portfolio Strategy & Business Development Market Assessment Disease Landscape and Forecast EpidemiologyCortellis Competitive IntelligenceReal-World DataBiosimilars Insights Competitive Intelligence Cortellis Competitive IntelligenceDisease Landscape and Forecast Cortellis Generics Intelligence Partner Identification and Deal-making Cortellis Deals IntelligenceCortellis Competitive Intelligence Research & Development Discovery & Development Cortellis Drug Discovery IntelligenceCortellis Clinical Trials IntelligenceOFF-X Preclinical and Clinical Safety Intelligence Regulatory & Compliance Cortellis Regulatory IntelligenceCortellis CMC Intelligence Pharmacovigilance & Drug Safety OFF-X Preclinical and Clinical Safety IntelligenceDrug Safety TriagerDialog Commercialization Products & Services Market AccessCommercial Effectiveness & Launch StrategyCustomer EngagementReal-World DataConsulting Services ManufacturingConsulting Services Areas of expertise R&D consultingCommercial strategy consultingEvidence, value and access consultingTechnology consulting MedTech Products & Services Strategic PlanningMarket AccessRegulatoryLaunch & Product Lifecycle Management Generics Menu Item Strategy & Business DevelopmentResearch & DevelopmentManufacturingCommercialization Intellectual Propertykeyboard_arrow_up Intellectual Property Transform the way you create, manage and protect intellectual property. Learn more IP Management Software For Corporates IPfolioUnycomMemotechThe IP Management SystemIpendo For Law Firms FoundationIPInprotechPatrawinThe IP Management System Productivity Solutions Forecast ApplicationFirst to FileConnect Patent Services Patent Maintenance For CorporatesFor Law FirmsPatent RecordalsPatent Search Services Patent Administrative Services Docketing ServicesFilingPatent TranslationsParalegal and FormalitiesEuropean Patent Validations Patent Intelligence Patent Search & Watch Derwent InnovationDerwent SequenceBaseincoPatPatent Search ServicesPatentScout Patent Analytics InnographyincoPatPatent Analytics ServicesDerwent Data Analyzer Patent Data Feeds & APIs Derwent World Patents IndexDerwent Chemical Patents IndexGENESEQDerwent APIs Brand IP Solutions Trademark Search Clearance Full SearchScreening Search – SAEGISBrand Landscape AnalyzerTM go365 Trademark Watch Worldwide WatchOnline Watch Trademark Managed Services Trademark DocketingTrademark RecordalsTrademark AnalyticsTrademark Administration and SupportTrademark Maintenance for Law FirmsTrademark Maintenance for Corporations Trademark Data & APIs TrademarkVision for Governments Litigation Intelligence Litigation & Opposition Intelligence Darts-ip Patent Case Law DataDarts-ip Trademark Case Law DataDarts-ip Copyright Case Law DataDarts-ip Design and Model Case Law DataDarts-ip Domain Name Case Law Data Litigation Research Services Custom Case Law Data ReportsCase Law Search Services Litigation Data & APIs Darts-ip Ligitation Data APIs Resourceskeyboard_arrow_up Resources BlogClarivate Innovation ExchangePartners Menu Item Channel Partner ProgramCortellis Partner ProgramScholarOne Partner Program Researcher RecognitionWebinars Menu Item Academic & GovernmentLife Sciences & HealthcareIntellectual PropertyTrademarksPatentsIP Litigation Reports & Case Studies Menu Item Artificial Intelligence old pageLife Sciences & HealthcareTrademarksPatentsIP LitigationISI PublicationsISI Global Research Reports PodcastsThe Clarivate podcast series enables us to address issues in key business areas in new and interesting ways. Contact us Support Investors Careers Login exit_to_app Let our intelligence move you However you want to change the world, we’ll get you there. Explore more Whatever your world, we’re here to help you succeed No one can change the world alone. We pair human expertise with enriched data, insights, analytics and workflow solutions – transformative intelligence you can trust to spark new ideas and fuel your greatest breakthroughs. When you partner with us, we’ll be there every step of the way, giving you confidence and clarity to navigate the complex and reach your full potential. arrow_downward See how one law firm drives client loyalty with a tailored service strategy. Academia Intelligence that advances research Dig deeper into your field. Collaborate with the right partners. Build a reputation for excellence. We’ll give you a single source of information to help your institution lead. arrow_forward Learn more Featured solutions Scientific and academic research solutions arrow_forward Learn more Research discovery and workflow solutions arrow_forward Learn more Research analytics, evaluation and management solutions arrow_forward Learn more Research publishing solutions arrow_forward Learn more Life Sciences & Healthcare Intelligence that leads to healthier patients Get right to real-life outcomes, with patients at the heart of everything you do. We’ll help you collect and analyze information for insights you can easily act on. arrow_forward Learn more Featured solutions Biopharma intelligence solutions arrow_forward Learn more Medtech intelligence solutions arrow_forward Learn more Real World Data arrow_forward Learn more Life Sciences and Healthcare Consulting Services arrow_forward Learn more Professional Services Intelligence that transforms practices Go head-to-head with the competition, and win. We’ll help you stand out, build a reputation for unbeatable client service, and streamline your processes. arrow_forward Learn more Featured solutions Trademark research and protection arrow_forward Learn more Intellectual Property services arrow_forward Learn more IP litigation intelligence solutions arrow_forward Learn more Patent search and analytics arrow_forward Learn more Consumer, Manufacturing & Technology Intelligence that powers innovation Go to market faster. Protect and manage Intellectual Property. Free up your team to focus on strategic outcomes. We’ll give you the tools and services you need to make informed decisions at speed. arrow_forward Learn more Featured solutions IP lifecycle management solutions arrow_forward Learn more IP intelligence solutions arrow_forward Learn more Patent and trademark maintenance services arrow_forward Learn more Trademark filing to registration support arrow_forward Learn more Real life customer success stories How Gedeon Richter partnered with Clarivate consultants to transform regulatory workflow play_arrow A pharma story from the heart of Europe Read the case study Featured news View all news arrow_forward Year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 March 5, 2024 Clarivate Reveals Top 100 Global Innovators 2024 March 4, 2024 Clarivate and Exor Sign Agreement Under Which Suzanne Heywood Will Be Nominated to Stand for Election to the Company’s Board of Directors February 27, 2024 Clarivate Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Results Speak to our team Learn how Clarivate can help you advance innovation. Let's talk Products & Services Academia & Government Life Sciences and Healthcare Intellectual Property Resources Blog Reports & Case Studies Research Reports Podcasts Clarivate Innovation Exchange Channel Partner Program Cortellis Partner Program ScholarOne Partner Program Company About us Executive Leadership Newsroom Voice of Customer Sustainability Investors Careers Logins Product Families CompuMark Cortellis Darts-ip Derwent Dialog Drug Safety Triager Ex Libris Healthcare Business Insights Innovative ProQuest Web of Science Support Support for All Products Contact Sales Enquiries Customer Service Products & Servicesarrow_drop_up Academia & Government Life Sciences and Healthcare Intellectual Property Resourcesarrow_drop_up Blog Reports & Case Studies Research Reports Podcasts Clarivate Innovation Exchange Channel Partner Program Cortellis Partner Program ScholarOne Partner Program Companyarrow_drop_up About us Executive Leadership Newsroom Voice of Customer Sustainability Investors Careers Logins Product Familiesarrow_drop_up CompuMark Cortellis Darts-ip Derwent Dialog Drug Safety Triager Ex Libris Healthcare Business Insights Innovative ProQuest Web of Science Supportarrow_drop_up Support for All Products Contactarrow_drop_up Sales Enquiries Customer Service © 2024 Clarivate Legal Trust Center Standards Privacy center Privacy notice Cookie notice Career Fraud Warning Transparency in Coverage Modern slavery statement Cookie preferences language Regional sites arrow_drop_down 简体中文 (Chinese) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) Middle East, North Africa & Türkiye СНГ (CIS) 繁体中文 (Traditional Chinese) Fraud Warning × Please be advised that recently there have been fraudulent job offers and interviews using the Clarivate name, logo and even names of our colleagues. Please be aware that Clarivate will: Never ask for payment of any kind as part of our hiring or onboarding processes Never ask an applicant to email sensitive personal information, such as a Social Security Number, birthdate, credit card or bank account information Never issue pre-employment checks to purchase office supplies Never ask you to pay up for an external course and upskill If you have any question about a position posted in our company name, please check our current open positions on the Clarivate website Careers pages or contact one of our recruiting team members directly. If you have been the victim of a scam, please contact your local law enforcement agency. Federal Transparency In Coverage Rule × This link leads to the machine-readable files that are made available in response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine-readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data. View now