Coding For Kids, Kids Online Coding Classes & Games | Tynker Play Coding Games Minecraft Minecraft Skins Minecraft Mods Minecraft Mobs Minecraft Items Minecraft Addons Minecraft Blocks Hour of Code Community Parents Overview Curriculum Plans & Pricing Educators Overview School Curriculum Standards Alignment Request a Quote Training & PD Hour of Code Why Code? What is Coding? Why Coding Matters Coding eBooks Mobile Apps Gift Flash Sale Join for Free Log in Start for Free Log in Play Parents Overview Curriculum Plans & Pricing Why Code? Educators Overview School Curriculum Standards Alignment Request a Quote Training & PD Hour of Code Why Code? What is Coding? Why Coding Matters Coding eBooks Mobile Apps Tynker Apps Blog Give a Gift Flash Sale: 60% Off! Coding For Kids and Teens Made Easy Tynker is the fun way to learn programming and develop problem-solving & critical thinking skills. Our new bundles include up to 3 kids and all 3 Tynker Apps! Get Started for Free Watch video Read more Approved by Educators. Loved by Kids Tynker powers the creativity of over 100 million students and serves thousands of schools and educators worldwide. Our interactive story-based learning allows kids to learn the basics with easy block-based coding before seamlessly transitioning to real-world text-based languages like JavaScript and Python. With over 5,000 award-winning lessons and 3 highly rated mobile apps backed by hundreds of built-in tutorials and interactive assessments, there's a learning path for every student, no matter their age or level. Explore Curriculum Empower the Next Generation with Tynker — Unleash Creativity and Innovation in Kids Everywhere We've taught over 100 million kids how to code and master critical skills by making it fun and appealing to their interests. Parents Coding plays a pivotal role in our daily lives from cars and coffee makers to life-changing advancements in medicine, environmental conservation, space exploration, and much more. At Tynker, we teach kids and teens to code through both our self-paced, game-like courses. Our coding for kids subscriptions plans start kids off with personalized coaching sessions. We guide children along the path to coding certification for all ages and skill levels. Our proven methodology will advance to real-world Python, Web Dev, Data Science and more! Select the option that’s best for your child! Learn more Educators Join over 150,000 schools that use Tynker to engage students with coding and connect with other educators who love to code! Teaching coding with Tynker is as easy as 1-2-3. In just minutes, you can create a free account, set up your virtual classroom, and assign ready-made coding for kids lesson plans! Tynker empowers K-12 educators with free PD, standards-aligned curricula, cross-curricular STEM coding, AP Computer Science courses, and many great coding for kids resources. Learn more Great for All KIDS! “I’m really grateful to Tynker for making a form that such small kids can understand.” - Anila, Parent Builds Problem-Solving Skills “Tynker helps in abstract thought having to look at something and break it down into its parts and elements.” - Samantha, Parent Builds Confidence “Code Jam has given him the confidence to know that he can be successful when he puts his mind to it and has allowed him to be an independent learner.” - Mary, Parent Great Investment “My husband and I really think Tynker was such a great investment for our kids.” - Jolene, Parent Amazing Creativity “Gabrielle is very creative and Tynker gave her a creative outlet.” - Meredith, Parent Best Program “I started doing research about a good platform. And then I found Tynker and I said, ‘That's the one’.” - Emilia, Parent Passion for Coding “I think Tynker has helped him develop a passion for coding.” - Mary, Parent Major Leg Up “I’m really excited for him when he gets to the high school coding because he will have a major leg up.” - Nathan, Parent Build Independence “When she codes she does it independently. She doesn’t ask for help and she’s going to be independent in the future.” - Miriam, Parent Highly Effective “They’ve learned so much just by the Tynker programs, they understand all the concepts to coding already.” - Della, Parent Future Success “In the future, I think coding, no matter will be as important as knowing how to type or use a computer.” - Daniel, Parent Prepared for Future “Gabby is definitely better prepared for the future now. The coding knowledge, patience, and analytical skills she learned will be very helpful.” - Gracel, Parent Improves Math Skills “She sees the relevance in her other subjects, whether math or art or something else.” - Samantha, Parent Safe for Kids "I know that if he’s working with Tynker, it’s a good place, he’s not going to run into any dangers online.” - Robert, Parent Tynker makes coding fun for everyone We've taught over 100 million kids how to code and master critical skills by making it fun and appealing to their interests. Home Curriculum | School Curriculum Mod Starter Pack Beginner Web Make your own skins and experience basic Minecraft modding with Tynker. Python 1 Advanced Web Learn to code browser-based games using Python, pen drawing and Turtle graphics. Artificial Intelligence Advanced Web In this exciting elective course, you’ll explore artificial intelligence and machine learning — with JavaScript. Make your JavaScript projects come alive in an all-new way. Why Should Kids Learn to Code with Tynker? Because technology is so integrated into virtually every aspect of our lives, learning about it is more important than ever. Our coding platform makes it convenient and fun for kids and teens to gain knowledge that will serve them well throughout their lives. You can count on our trusted methods to help them develop and grow their capabilities with computers. Tynker isn’t just for schools and coding camps, though. Parents who value STEM education and want their children to know how to code should know that our kids programming platform can be used at home, too. Tynker offers a range of coding for kids solutions with icon-coding for pre-readers, block-based coding, and advanced courses in Python, JavaScript, data science, art, and image processing. There are quarterly, yearly and lifetime plans which include access for up to 3 children, and our online classes for all ages are an excellent way for them to gain the supplemental STEM skills needed for their future. Coding Benefits Top 10 Reasons to Code Kids Coding Basics Develop 21st Century Skills Download eBooks on Coding Coding Guides What is Coding for Kids Coding with Minecraft Coding with Electronic Kits Coding with Connected Toys More Coding Resources Tynker Highlights What’s New in Tynker? COVID-19 Impact report Meet our Featured Makers Seasonal Coding Projects Celebrating Women in STEM Coding in Schools K-12 School Plans AP Computer Science Principles AP Computer Science A Remote Learning K-12 Success Stories 100M+ Students globally 150K+ Schools use Tynker 160M+ Apps created 5,000+ Lessons Trusted by Leading Brands Our methods for learning to code all are provided within a safe, moderated community that is built around encouraging students to gain confidence in their abilities and do so without fear of failure. From Our Blog From Coding to Curiosity: Rethinking Higher Education’s... Lomit Patel | January 9, 2024 View Article Innovative Coding Frontiers with Tynker School in 2024 Daniel Rezac | January 8, 2024 View Article Unlocking the Future: Top Educational Gifts for Kids in 2023 Teri Llach | December 5, 2023 View Article Fall in Love with Coding for Valentine’s Day! Teri Llach | February 8, 2024 View Article Frequently asked questions Is coding good for kids? We're living during a high-tech revolution, witnessing life-changing advancements in medicine, environmental conservation, and much more. At the core of all these amazing projects and discoveries is CODE. Code can be the thing that differentiates your child from peers and allows them to stand out as an asset for companies when they are looking for employment. The children who learn to code today will become the creators of the technology tomorrow. Learning how to code can help children make a major contribution to the world that they live in and make a lasting impact. As kids and teens learn to code, they also build essential skills like critical thinking, logic, and problem-solving. They learn to logically sequence events, create playable games, tell good stories, and model real situations. They also learn computational thinking by developing algorithmic and design thinking abilities. Coding for kids has become an essential element of a child's education and an excellent way to express their creativity and imagination. How do I start my child coding? Coding, otherwise known as programming, is a creative activity for all children. Your child might not care about writing data processing algorithms, but they might enjoy creating games, programming music, designing websites, or just playing with code. Learning to code is for everyone; you don't have to be good at math or a "techie" to learn how to code. Kids as young as five can learn to code and pick it up faster than most adults. When your kids are starting, pick a program like MIT's Scratch or Tynker Junior app. The visual style of these programs makes it easy for young children to learn to code. Scratch and Tynker have a graphical interface that works. Drag-and-drop code blocks snap together. Pieces of code that don\'t make computational sense won't fit together, making syntax errors impossible. Older children can learn to code with Python by building games, art, music, and more. Some programs like Tynker offer a placement test to set your child on the right track for their age and experience level. What age is best to introduce coding to kids? Every child learns at their own pace. They can learn different subjects at varying rates and ways. Experts believe that children should learn coding at an early age. According to MIT, the best age for kids to start learning coding languages such as Scratch Jr or Tynker Jr is from 5 to 7. Many programs allow your children to progress at their own pace or hire an instructor to help them move along. With Tynker, a placement test will place your child on the correct path based on age and skill level, and Tynker supports children up to age 18 with real-world text languages like Python and JavaScript. Children progress to more difficult coding courses with the support of interactive tutorials and video instructions at their own pace. Which is the best coding for kids program? With so many great services available, learning to code has never been easier! For example, Scratch and Tynker provide innovative visual coding languages that make coding fun. Coding is a great way to broaden your child's worldview and develop their creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills. Here are a few coding for kids options to review: Game-based learning—Game-based platforms such as Tynker and the challenges on Code.org motivate kids to use code to complete game levels. Independent learning with Scratch—Scratch from MIT is a great way of getting started with code. Although they don't have courses, there's a vibrant community to learn from. Online courses—Enroll in a Python or JavaScript course on Codecademy or Tynker or learn to code with Processing on Khan Academy. Tynker offers advanced courses like Processing 1, using p5.js to introduce the foundational concepts of art and computer science. Build an app—Learn to build your own iOS app using Swift. Install the Swift Playgrounds app by Apple. Use a book—Learn by following along with books like Mission Python, Super Scratch Programming Adventure, or Coding with Minecraft. Tynker has a series of super-informative coding activity books, including Code These Games, Code These Minecraft Mods, and Code This Art. Why is coding needed? Coding is the method of giving a computer instructions to perform a specific task. You may also hear coding referred to as software programming or computer programming. These instructions are communicated using a language that computers can understand, like visual blocks, JavaScript and Python. Coding for kids lays the groundwork for our world's technology, from microprocessors in everyday items like refrigerators and water heaters to sophisticated programs that run our cars and buildings. Learning to code is a great opportunity for children of all ages to develop their problem-solving and critical thinking skills, while building the necessary focus and organization to see projects through to completion. Coding usually begins with drag-and-drop visual programming in which children connect blocks together to make programs. Visual programming teaches the fundamental concepts without typing or syntax by placing the focus on the logic behind the code. Once they've learned the basics, children can transition to real-world programming languages like Python, JavaScript, and C. From online coding courses and games to offline learning, from in-person coding instruction to live online tutoring, there are endless coding resources available. The best coding platforms and programs like Scratch, Code.org and Tynker give children of all ages and experience levels the ability to code while making the process fun and engaging. Why should we use Tynker coding for kids? Tynker is the world’s number one coding platform for children ages 5 to 18 for a reason—it works! Tynker powers the creativity of over 100 million students and serves thousands of schools and educators worldwide. Tynker’s award-winning, gamified courses and coding for kids activities encourage kids to complete projects as they have fun, allowing them to progress from novices to experts using languages like Python. Tynker’s interactive lessons have built-in tutorials for all ages and skill levels. Our highly-rated mobile app (4.7 stars) lets students take Tynker on the go. Learning how to code with Tynker unlocks and empowers children’s creativity, teaching them life-long skills they can use today and into the future. How do I teach my 7 year old code? Learning to code is for everyone; you don't have to be good at math or a "techie" to learn how to code. Kids as young as five can learn to code and pick it up faster than most adults. Tynker Junior is a fun, interactive way to spark your kid's interest in coding. Kids (ages 5-7) learn coding basics by connecting picture blocks to move their characters. Tynker's immersive game-like coding courses and interactive lessons with built-in tutorials are perfect for beginners 5+ through experts 18+. What options are there for coding for teens? Code.org has a year-long course in Computer Science Principles that introduces students to the foundational concepts of computer science and challenges them to explore how computing and technology can impact the world.Tynker has coding for kids courses that align with subject standards like CCSS-ELA, CCSS-Math, NGSS and CS standards such as CSTA, ISTE, CA CS, UK National Curriculum, and several state-level standards like TEKS.Tynker is recognized by College Board as an endorsed curriculum provider for AP Computer Science Principles and AP Computer Science A. About Tynker is the world’s leading K-12 creative coding platform, enabling students of all ages to learn to code at home, school, and on the go. Tynker’s highly successful coding curriculum has been used by one in three U.S. K-8 schools, 150,000 schools globally, and over 100 million kids across 150 countries. Resources Blog About Us Press Jobs Mobile Apps Sitemap Coding eBooks Forum Store CS Authors Parents Overview Curriculum Give a Gift Redeem Why Coding Featured Makers Plans & Pricing Coding eBooks Play Coding Games Minecraft Minecraft Skins Minecraft Skin Editor Minecraft Mobs Minecraft Blocks Minecraft Add-ons Minecraft Items Minecraft Mods Code Jam Hour of Code Educators Overview School Curriculum Free Classroom Elementary Middle School High School AP CS Courses K-2 School K-8 School Standards Alignment PD Hour of Code STEM Projects Request a Quote © 2024 Neuron Fuel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Kids & Online Safety About Us Contact Us