Digital Marketing News | Marketing Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's marketing industry news Let Marketing Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F view sample Topics covered: Social media, brand strategy, advertising, marketing technology, data/analytics, content marketing Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Topics covered: Campaigns, platform developments, apps, gaming, trends Agencies Weekly Every Monday Topics covered: Campaigns, reviews, strategy, partnerships, technology, results By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Library Events Press Releases Topics Subscribe Search Subscribe Search Brand Strategy Mobile Creative Social Media Video Agencies Data/Analytics Influencer Marketing Ad Tech CMO Corner Courtesy of Dove Dove tackles Gen Alpha anti-aging craze with Drew Barrymore #TheFaceof10 campaign addresses a worrying trend that has seen teen and tween girls flock to anti-aging brands like Drunk Elephant. Read more ➔ Top stories Don Julio goes beyond the bottle for Apple Vision Pro experience Whirlpool helps singles clean up their dating profiles Spanx pushes into apparel with first-ever global campaign UTA buys Gen Z-focused consultancy amid marketing services expansion Guinness launches monthlong St. Patrick’s Day marketing blitz The Latest Courtesy of Wolverine Wolverine works to put ‘woman-made’ in the dictionary The 140-year-old brand, which is highlighting women in the skilled trades, launched a Change.org petition and partnered with an HGTV star. Creative Courtesy of IPG IPG integrates Adobe’s AI-driven GenStudio content creation platform To stay apace with the competition, the agency holding company is investing in AI to automate and scale content creation for brands and marketers. Agencies Permission granted by Athleta How Athleta’s ‘Find Your Movement’ campaign evolves the brand The multiphase effort arriving amid sales struggles represents “the spark that will light the fire” for the brand, said chief creative officer Julia Leach. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Kayak Column Campaign Trail: Kayak shows limits of DIY with absurd, AI-powered ads Despite using AI at nearly every stage of the creative process, Supernatural’s Paul Caiozzo says, “AI is not magic — it's just people using different tools.” Campaign Trail Tim Boyle/Staff via Getty Images Home Depot tops inclusive brand rankings as DEI faces challenges While DEI has recently come under fire, a new AIMM report found marketers have reduced stereotypes in ads and improved consumer trust. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Olipop Olipop seeks best friend creator duo for expenses-paid national tour The better-for-you brand will pay its senior soda consultants up to $40,000 to join it at various stops in the U.S. and generate creative digital content. Mobile Permission granted by Gap Gap reworks Jungle’s TikTok hit to show off spring linen collection New ads directed by Jungle members emulate the music video for “Back on 74,” which went viral on TikTok due to its elaborate dance choreography. Creative Jason Kempin via Getty Images How Estée Lauder balances brand and performance marketing as the pendulum swings The company’s commitment to brand equity and marketing mix modeling was the subject of a presentation during the eTail Palm Springs conference. Brand Strategy Sean Gallup via Getty Images Google rolls out slate of AI-powered Android updates Revealed at Mobile World Congress, the new features include the ability to access Google’s Gemini AI platform within the Messages app. Mobile Courtesy of Tubi Tubi refreshes brand to build on momentum with young, diverse audiences The most-watched free ad-supported streaming service in the U.S. rolled out sonic branding and a more vibrant visual style from design agency Dixon Baxi. Video monkeybusinessimages via Getty Images Generative AI is driving a high rate of job uncertainty for marketers, per Gartner While marketing organizations face a number of challenges, including job uncertainty and the burden of learning new martech, there are bright spots. Data/Analytics Courtesy of Gatorade Gatorade expands presence in hydration market with Gatorade Water The leading sports drink brand’s first unflavored water launches with a digital-heavy marketing campaign positioned around wellness. Video Retrieved from Wawa. Wawa debuts retail media network The company joins 7-Eleven and Casey’s in venturing into an advertising platform that is full of opportunities as well as challenges, experts have said. Ad Tech Permission granted by Dick's Sporting Goods Dick’s enlists Kathryn Hahn, Will Arnett to showcase e-commerce convenience A new ad campaign features streaming buys on Amazon and Netflix and nods to trendy products like the Stanley tumbler. Creative Courtesy of Eggo Eggo opens pancake-themed vacation rental in heart of Smoky Mountains The Kellanova brand is hoping to raise awareness of its non-waffle products through a partnership with rental site HomeToGo.com. Brand Strategy Permission granted by Mucinex Mucinex invites players to crush Mr. Mucus in AI-powered game Mucus Masher allows users to enter a text prompt and see image generation technology and large language models bring their crushing ideas to life. Creative Permission granted by PepsiCo What’s old is new: Food and beverage brands put a modern spin on retro packaging Consumer-facing companies are tapping into buyers’ emotions as they redesign logos and packaging. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Domino's Domino’s loyalty relaunch draws 2M new members Strengthened by its emergency pizza marketing stunt, Domino’s updated rewards program helped bolster traffic and comparable sales. Brand Strategy Courtesy of PepsiCo Rockstar Energy pushes scientific claim with campaign, brand refresh “You Can Own Any Moment” is informed by a study that found the brand’s proprietary formulas delivered mind-body energy for up to 5 hours. Brand Strategy Courtesy of WPP WPP feels pinch of tech pullback as AI strategy comes into focus The key U.S. market had a battering close to the year, with like-for-like organic revenue dropping 4.5% in the region. Agencies g-stockstudio via Getty Images Mod Op acquires RTO+P for more creative firepower Mod Op continues to seek differentiation in a competitive market following past acquisitions of Crenshaw Communications and dPrism. Agencies Kaarin Vembar/Marketing Dive Walmart-Vizio deal raises fresh concerns about retail media walled gardens While the acquisition gives Walmart a leg up in retail media’s growing CTV race, it could shrink options for brands reliant on Vizio’s data sets. Video Courtesy of GoDaddy GoDaddy introduces generative AI tool for small businesses The new Airo tool generates domain names, websites, social campaigns and more and is being introduced through a multichannel marketing campaign. Brand Strategy Courtesy of The Ad Council Smokey Bear travels through the decades for 80th anniversary ad The bear best known for the iconic “Only you can prevent wildfires” line stars in an emotional retelling of years of wildfire prevention tips. Brand Strategy Courtesy of Reddit Sociable: Reddit partners with Google on data-sharing deal for search The strategic move could help Google shore up its search business with direct integration of content like Reddit user product reviews. Social Media More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Marketing Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Agencies Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Guinness launches monthlong St. Patrick’s Day marketing blitz Dove tackles Gen Alpha anti-aging craze with Drew Barrymore Spanx pushes into apparel with first-ever global campaign Don Julio goes beyond the bottle for Apple Vision Pro experience Library resources Trendline Inside the changing data landscape in marketing Supported by Acronym Virtual Event Playback The State of Generative AI in Marketing eBook 2024 Mobile Consumer Insights: How SMS, MMS and Mobile Wallet are Changing Purchase Behavior Custom content for Vibes View all Company Announcements Cloudbeds Publishes Second Annual 'Big Book of OTAs' Unveiling 2023 Trends in Online Travel Ag… From Cloudbeds NBA’s US fanbase expanded 11% since 2019: YouGov Report From YouGov America Booking.com, Dunkin’, Volkswagen drive biggest post-Super Bowl lift: YouGov Report From YouGov America Valuedynamx Powers Emirates Skywards with the Launch of “Pay with Points / Miles” Offering V… From Valuedynamx View all | Post a press release What We're Reading MediaPost Comscore Integrates Campaign Ratings With YouTube The Wall Street Journal Target Sales Fall for First Time Since 2016 Adweek As the CMO’s Role Evolves, Companies Are Shifting How They Refer to Top Marketers View all Events 06 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET How to Use Your Marketing Data Effectively Presented by studioID and Northwestern University 26 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET Take Control of Returns: How to Save Costs & Boost Customer Convenience Presented by studioID and Pitney Bowes Industry Intel Next-Gen eCommerce Search and Product Discovery Solutions for Forward-Thinking Retailers & Wholesalers Webinar • Provided by GroupBy, Grid Dynamics, and Google Cloud Hit Subscribe: How Creative Subscriptions Are Changing the Marketing Game Webinar - on demand • Provided by Design Pickle Master the Art of Driving Webinar Registration and Attendance Webinar - on demand • Provided by ON24 Marketing Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Agencies Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Article Licensing Press Releases What We're Reading CPM Calculator Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Related Publications Retail Dive Social Media Today image/svg+xml Industry Dive is an Informa business © 2024 Industry Dive. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy. Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell Search Home Topics Brand Strategy Mobile Creative Social Media Video Agencies Data/Analytics Influencer Marketing Ad Tech CMO Corner Deep Dive Library Events Press Releases Get Marketing Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Mobile Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Agencies Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.