Jewish Women's Archive Skip to main content Happy Women’s History Month! Help JWA continue to lift up Jewish women’s stories, this month and every month, by making a gift today! Close [x]Show [+] Sharing StoriesInspiring Change Explore Topics Activism Boycotts Civil Rights Community Organizing Disability Rights Feminism Labor Rights LGBTQIA Rights Protests Reproductive Rights Unions Voting Rights Women's Rights Art Architecture Crafts Fashion and Beauty Painting Photography Sculpture Business & Economics Advertising and Marketing Economics Entrepreneurs Education Jewish Education Jewish Studies Libraries Schools Summer Camps Teachers Women’s and Gender Studies Family Children Marriage Midwifery Motherhood Food Food Writing Recipes Jewish History Antisemitism Holocaust Israel Palestine Soviet Jewry World War II Jewish Holidays Hanukkah Passover Purim Rosh Hashanah Shavuot Simchat Torah Sukkot Tisha B'Av Tu B'Shvat Yom Kippur Media Journalism Radio Television Performing Arts Comedy Dance Film Music Theater Philanthropy and Volunteerism Philanthropy Social Work Volunteers Politics and Government Civil Service Communism Immigration International Relations Law Military Organizations and Institutions Social Policy Socialism Zionism Religion Bible Cantors Jewish Law Judaism-Conservative Judaism-Orthodox Judaism-Reconstructionist Judaism-Reform Midrash and Aggadah Philosophy Prayer Rabbis Ritual Spirituality and Religious Life Synagogues/Temples Talmud Theology Science Agriculture Archeology Engineering Inventors Mathematics Medicine Natural Science Physics Psychology and Psychiatry Social Science Technology Sports Athletes Coaches and Management Olympics Writing Fiction Memoirs Non-Fiction Plays Poetry Publishing 0 items Main menu Encyclopedia Collections Oral History Collection Multimedia Gallery Women Rabbis Power Couples Women of Valor We Celebrate The Feminist Revolution This Week in History We Remember Community Stories Western Pioneers 350 Years of Jews in North America The American Jewess Journal (1895-1899) Programs Rising Voices Fellowship Story Aperture Full Disclosure Book Club Celebrating 25 Years Bat Mitzvah at 100 Making Trouble Education Activities and Puzzles Lesson Plans Teaching Tools Professional Development Twersky Education Fellowship Events Upcoming Events Past Book Talks Past Online History Courses About Mission Ways to Give Staff and Interns Board of Directors Advisory Councils Career & Volunteer Opportunities Annual Reports JWA in the News Contact Us Secondary Menu Blog Podcast Shop Donate March Book Talks Join JWA this March in conversation with authors about books by and about Judaism, gender, and history. The Jewish Women’s Archive documents Jewish women’s stories, elevates their voices, and inspires them to be agents of change. A Pocket of Hope: Israeli Women Building a Shared Future In this episode of Can We Talk?, we hear from Jewish and Palestinian citizens of Israel who are working together on shared society initiatives, even in the midst of the war. Review: A Court of Thorns and Roses series by Dr. Jamie Ehrenpreis In her hugely popular fantasy series, Sarah J. Maas puts Jewish texsts and biblical women at the forefront. RVF Alums: Where Are They Now? by Sarah Biskowitz JWA talks to Rising Voices Fellowship alum Emma Mair for our series marking the 10th anniversary of the fellowship. Q & A with Allison Norlian by Jen Richler JWA chats with filmmaker Allison Norlian about her new short film Thirteen, which tells the story of a mother fighting for her disabled daughter's right to have a bat mitzvah. October 7 and the Israel/Gaza War Use JWA’s questions about October 7, 2023, and the Israel/Gaza war to help us document and preserve the experiences of Jewish women and gender-expansive people during this unprecedented moment. Get JWA in your inboxRead the latest from JWA from your inbox. sign up now Support usHelp us elevate the voices of Jewish women. donate now Today's Birthday Carrie Obendorfer Simon This Week in History Index image A-WA Release Worldwide Hit "Habib Galbi" Tell us your story Check out the app Donate Help us elevate the voices of Jewish women. donate now Listen to Our Podcast Episode 106: A Pocket of Hope: Israeli Women Building a Shared Future Shop JWA Get sweet swag. Get JWA in your inboxRead the latest from JWA from your inbox. sign up now Contact Us Jewish Women's Archive 1860 Washington Street Suite #204 Newton, MA 02466 617-232-2258 About Us Career & Volunteer Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Use Donate Signup Shop Follow Us: Copyright © 1998–2024, Jewish Women's Archive