Life art - welcome!Welcome to Connie Albers!My way book angel heart gel day menu master crises!Psychological counseling Aurachurgery and Medicodes Coaching Emdr Hypnosis Color Therapy Image Gallery Dates 2023 Sunday times Creative Offers Find exhibitions Fund -Spots Heilatelier Impressions from the Summer Garden IMPRINT Data Protection AGB Newsletter - News from the Engelwerkstatt Welcome!Nice that you found me!My name is Connie Albers and I am happy if I can support you ... ... if you want to do more of your life and find out where your strengths and resources slumber ... ... if you don't know whatHeard you from going your way with ease and joie de vivre ... if stressful and obstacle emotions prevent you from a self -determined life ... if you don't know where your head is and take care of your sleep!As a psychological consultant and as a psycho -oncological consultant, support and accompany you in difficult phases of life.My goal is to take you by hand and show you the way out of the uncertainty.I will help you transform unresolved emotions!As an art and creativity therapist, I will help you to transform your soul ballast into joie de vivre and give your life back!In a gentle way I lead you to your inner appreciation.As a painter, I touch you with my pictures!I will show you the colors of mine and - if you want - also your soul!Your Guardian Angel picture reflects your inner being in a magical way!I offer you help for self-help for the following topics: upheaval situations, re-establishment bullying, change of job, calling, separation, resources Strengthening stressful beliefs.With my tools in my luggage ... my intuition and empathy in the heart and my humorous being ... I set off with you together with you to find your inner strength again!The consultations and applications take place in my rooms 65779 Kelkheim-Fischbach, Eppsteiner Str. 50 or by zoom or telephone advice.Tel. 06195-63600.Current: The creative marathon, a benefit for the Ahr Valley, has existed since the beginning of 2023.I am also involved with many pictures.And creative people are still being sought who want to use their talents and skills for a good cause.Whether it is painting, making music, pottery, tinkering, or stories are told, everyone is invited.Here you can find more about it: creative-marathon.funnelcockpit.com// My current coaching offer finally free of emotional pain!Find and solve any obstacle blockages, discover and activate inner resources, minimize concerns and uncertainties.1: 1 Coaching and blockage solution Information here and during Advent I created this virtual companion for you: "Time for angels" simply click on the blue link and open a door every day.Have fun with it!Today there were already 33 visitors (116 hits) here!