International Mission Board Pray Give Go Resources Resources News & Events Newsroom Stories of Transformation Lottie Moon Christmas Offering Week of Prayer for International Missions 2023 Ukraine Crisis Abuse Prevention and Response All Events Sending Celebrations Together for the Nations Events General Resources 2023 Global Impact Guide Generosity Resources Logo and Brand Resources Resource Store Photos & Videos Photo Library Video Gallery Training & Research Training for Churches Journal of Missions Global Research Annual Statistical Report About About About IMB International Mission Board Fast Facts The Good News Beliefs & Key Terms Leadership 175th Timeline Who Was Lottie Moon? People & Places All People and Places Americas Asia-Pacific Rim Central Asia Deaf Peoples Europe North Africa & Middle East South Asia Sub-Saharan Africa More More more Send Relief Students Youth Groups Healthcare Missions more For Churches Asian Church Missions Black Church Missions Hispanic Church Missions more U.S. Careers Speaker Request Alumni IMB Advance App more Giving Account Login Help Center Contact Us Give Now Contact Login Pray Give Go Resources News & Events Newsroom Stories of Transformation Lottie Moon Christmas Offering Week of Prayer for International Missions 2023 Ukraine Crisis Abuse Prevention and Response All Events Sending Celebrations Together for the Nations Events General Resources 2023 Global Impact Guide Generosity Resources Logo and Brand Resources Resource Store Photos & Videos Photo Library Video Gallery Training & Research Training for Churches Journal of Missions Global Research Annual Statistical Report About About IMB International Mission Board Fast Facts The Good News Beliefs & Key Terms Leadership 175th Timeline Who Was Lottie Moon? People & Places All People & Places Americas Asia-Pacific Rim Central Asia Deaf Peoples Europe North Africa & Middle East South Asia Sub-Saharan Africa More Send Relief Students Youth Groups Healthcare Missions For Churches Asian Church Missions Senders Summit Hispanic Church Missions Alumni U.S. Careers Speaker Request IMB Advance App Giving Account Login Help Center Contact Search Give Now Give Now Lostnessis growingevery day.We will not ignore it. We won’t be silent. We won’t stand still. We will reach the nations, no matter the cost. Over the next five years, we’re committed to find and know every people group on earth in pursuit of the Revelation 7:9 vision. Learn More about the Great Pursuit Learn More about the Great Pursuit Our Work59% of the world today is considered unreached — meaning Jesus is largely unknown among 4.6 billion people.Today, hundreds of thousands of people will die without the hope of Jesus. The IMB exists to address this problem, the world’s greatest problem — lostness. We send missionaries to the nations to share the good news of Jesus. We go to people incities inhard-to-reach places who aredispersed and displaced THE GOSPEL TRANSFORMS LIVESIMB missionary presence cultivates gospel access, gospel belief, and church planting and multiplication In 2022728,589people heard the gospel In 2022178,177new believers In 202221,231new churches Stories of Gospel Transformation Ready to go! IMB missionaries train global partners to reach the world Read Story ‘Gospel hooks’ turn everyday conversations toward Jesus Read Story Displaced missionaries have no plans to stop ministries to Ukrainian refugees Read Story Read more stories Together, we seek to take the gospel to every nation, all tribes and peoples and languages. We give ourselves to this mission every day. You can help transform lives today. Will you join us? Give Now Get InvolvedGlobal Impact Guide 2023The greatest problem facing humankind is not a natural disaster, a humanitarian crisis, or political instability. The greatest problem in the world is lostness. Learn how you can join us in the mission. Learn More Sign up todayTo receive stories of transformation and highlights of how God is at work among the nations sign up for our newsletter. Reaching the Nations, Together 3806 Monument Ave. Richmond, VA 23230 (804) 353-0151 info@imb.org Chat Quick Links Office Hours & Location U.S. Careers Speaker Requests Give Now FAQs Find a Mission Trip Former Employee References Privacy Policy Giving Account Login The Lottie Moon Christmas Offering® is a registered trademark of Woman's Missionary Union.