GavickPro | Joomla Templates and WordPress Themes Theme Provider Joomla Joomla Templates Joomla Modules WordPress Download Demo Help Forums Documentation Updates Support Desk Custom Services Blog Log in Pricing Joomla Templates & WordPress themes Discover the best Joomla and WordPress themes the web has to offer. Our products are ready for you whether you're going for a quirky personal blog or looking to give online business a shot with a webstore. View Joomla templates Browse WordPress themes Don't Wait Sign Up Now! Hello. We're a passionate bunch of theme web-developers Need to give your website a bit more oomph? Then you're in the right place. We have been building WP and J! themes for more than eight years, riding a wave of innovation in the web-development industry to make products that stay ahead of the curve in features yet offer incredible value for money. Take your pick from a range of templates and enjoy stylish layouts that look great on all devices thanks to responsive design. What really makes us different is our commitment to our community. We develop powerful plugins that add a ton of features to your site, all open-source and free to use as you please. Buy a theme from us and it's yours, forever; use it anywhere, get updates and technical support included, no artificial limits. Go further with our All Theme package, which get you access to everything we've released and will ever release for a fraction of the cost. Join us and enjoy creative freedom! Latest theme releases Don't just take our word for it; check out our latest release below, or click on a category to find the exact kind of website you want from our large collection. Latest App Blog Business eCommerce Education Events Free Game News Portfolio Restaurant Responsive Sway Creative Joomla Portfolio Template Reporter Joomla News & Magazine Template GK Framework New Joomla Framework Customer satisfaction is our priority. We're dedicated to providing a smooth service that fulfills your requirements. As well as stunning designs and great features in our themes, we also offer tireless support and frequent updates for a better customer experience. 100K+ Awesome people were happy with what we have to offer; sign-up now and see what our products can do for your! There's many great reasons to trust in GavickPro: Reach your maximum audience with responsive web design; enjoy themes that don't dilute their experience for smaller devices. Whether tablet, mobile or desktop, everyone can enjoy the complete site experience our themes offer. Get set-up in moments with our rapid quickstart packages for an instant WordPress or Joomla website with all theme features in place; it's simple! Enjoy the visual tour-de-force offered by CSS3, including animations, parallax effects and more, all put to amazing use in our modern templates. Top-notch support from our experts get you the answers you need, fast. No limits on queries; post as many questions as you need to get things sorted. We've been featured in the press by these great websites: No1 24/7 customer service supported by professionals Our team stands ready to assist you at all times. With multiple ways to get in touch, including forums, ticket system, live chat and telephone, you will always find what you need. Get help now 16,913Likes 7,535Followers 562Followers From our blog Friday, 24 June Weekend Updates: Virtuemart 4, Joomla 4, PHP8 updates Hi guys, This week, we are releasing updates for: GK Box and GK InStyle for Virtuemart… Read more Tuesday, 14 June Updates: 6 Joomla templates updated for Joomla 4 and Virtuemart 4.0 Thursday, 31 March Introducing 3 more new layouts for Arty Joomla museum template Thursday, 17 March Updates : 20 Joomla templates updated for Joomla 4.1.0 Friday, 18 February Updates: 15 Joomla templates updated for Joomla 4.1.0 and Joomla 3.10.6 Subscribe to our email list and stay up-to-date with all our awesome releases and latest updates. Pricing Discount FAQ Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookies About © Copyright 2024 GavickPro. All rights reserved. GavickPro is network site of JoomlArt.com This page was last updated: March 5th, 2024 GavickPro® is not affiliated with or endorsed by Open Source Matters or the Joomla! Project. The Joomla! logo is used under a limited license granted by Open Source Matters the trademark holder in the United States and other countries. Ghost is a trademark of The Ghost Foundation. Username Or Email * Password * Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Log in Remember me Register New Account If you are old Gavick user, click HERE for steps to retrieve your account.