IIHS-HLDI Skip to content Vehicle ratings News Topics Search Advanced driver assistance Airbags Alcohol and drugs Auto insurance Child safety Distracted driving Fatality statistics Headlights Large trucks Motorcycles Older drivers Pedestrians and bicyclists Red light running Roundabouts Seat belts Speed Teenagers Vehicle size and weight Access our comprehensive bibliography or state law information Search Search IIHS award criteria get tougher in 2024 The new requirements challenge automakers to offer better protection for back seat passengers and improve their pedestrian crash avoidance systems. Search our ratings Our evaluations help consumers choose vehicles that offer a high level of crash protection and essential safety features. Start typing a make and/or model, and a list of choices will appear. You can specify a year too. Award winners Browse the vehicles that perform best in our evaluations Most new boosters earn highest rating Forty-seven out of 54 booster seats introduced last year earn the highest IIHS rating of Best Bet. Steps to safety camera success As many state legislatures consider expanding the use of speed and red light safety cameras, our Automated Enforcement Program Checklist can help communities make these programs work effectively. Understanding insurance Our new topic page explains the basics of auto insurance and how we use claims data in safety research. Key highway safety topics For decades, IIHS has been a leader in finding out what works and doesn't work to prevent motor vehicle crashes from happening in the first place and to minimize injuries in the crashes that still occur. Explore our guides Young driver safety: a guide for parents of teens Driving with kids: a guide for parents and caregivers Shopping for safety: a guide for new and used vehicle buyers End of main content Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin TikTok Press room Broadcast-standard video, remote interviews and media info About us Member groups Contact us Institute careers Crash Science in the Classroom A free resource for students and teachers Long-format educational videos Status Report Newsletter archive The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) is an independent, nonprofit scientific and educational organization dedicated to reducing deaths, injuries and property damage from motor vehicle crashes through research and evaluation and through education of consumers, policymakers and safety professionals. The Highway Loss Data Institute (HLDI) shares and supports this mission through scientific studies of insurance data representing the human and economic losses resulting from the ownership and operation of different types of vehicles and by publishing insurance loss results by vehicle make and model. Both organizations are wholly supported by these auto insurers and insurance associations. ©1996-2024, Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, Highway Loss Data Institute, 501(c)(3) organizations | Copyright information and privacy policy