Welcome to Wesleyan University - Middletown, Connecticut - Wesleyan University Skip to main content Open main menu Menu Close menu Close Search the Site Go left shield right shield About Admission & Aid Academics Life @ Wesleyan Visit News & Events Athletics Give Alumni Parents Directory Tools WesPortal Library OneStop Calendar WesMaps Search Wesleyan University The world needs more Wesleyan. Make it Possible Academics At Wesleyan, our open curriculum challenges and teaches you to think creatively, become intellectually agile, and take meaningful risks. This flexibility prepares you both for success and the inevitable setbacks along the path to discovery. 45 Majors 900+ Courses Offered 8-1 Student-Faculty Ratio View All Majors IDEAS Where Science & Art Intersect See More Videos Outside the Classroom Our students are greater than just their majors and academic pursuits. With more than 250 student groups on campus, you’re bound to find at least one that feeds your passion. If not, then create one! Explore Life @ Wesleyan 70% Students Study Language 16% First-Generation Undergraduates 300+ Annual Arts Events 37 Countries Represented in the Class of 2022 Preparing for the Future Cross-cultural experiences and the freedom to explore different preprofessional paths are essential for realizing one’s place in the world. At Wes, our dedicated centers for career resources and intercultural, multilingual learning will help you develop and apply your unique skills in ways that are meaningful and relevant, no matter what field you pursue. 300+ Students Study Abroad Annually Study Abroad 5000+ Internship Opportunities Internships Alumni Whatever their fields or interests, Wesleyan community members have a gift for introducing new, eye-opening perspectives into the world. Wesleyan alumni know how to translate their ideas into action, and they are making extraordinary things happen. See All Featured Alumni Visit Alumni Website John Yang`80 Correspondent, PBS NewsHour BA Government Experience Wesleyan Come and visit us! Tour the campus. Sit in on a class. Talk with professors, coaches, staff, and current students. Located in the heart of Middletown, Connecticut, near tons of great restaurants, hiking trails, and quintessential New England sights, Wesleyan is an easy and scenic two-hour drive from New York City and Boston. Plan your Visit Maps & Directions News Students, Faculty Discuss Civil Rights at Workshop Honoring Martin Luther King Students Engage with Career Possibilities at Humanities in Action Week Wesleyan Celebrates Black Art and Artists at Jubilee Explore News & Events Featured Events Feb 28 06:00 pm Russell House Reading Series - Daniel Gumbiner Feb 29 12:00 pm Marwa Fatafta - Palestinian Voices from West Bank to Wesleyan Feb 29 12:00 pm Psychology Colloquium - Erin Godfrey See All Events Athletic Events Center for the Arts Events Academic Calendar "Students should find what they love to do, get better at it, and learn to share what they love with others." President Michael S. Roth '78 Wesleyan University President's Page Roth Blog Roth on Twitter Contact Us 45 Wyllys Avenue Middletown, CT 06459 860-685-2000 Resources Employment Offices and Services Not A Campaign Maps & Directions Connect with Us Nondiscrimination Statement Wesleyan University does not discriminate in admission, employment, or administration of programs and activities on the basis of race, color, religious creed, age, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, ancestry, present or past history of mental disorder, learning disability or physical disability, political belief, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or criminal record. To learn more about Wesleyan's promotion of equity and inclusion throughout the University community, please visit wesleyan.edu/inclusion/. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding nondiscrimination policies: Vice President for Equity and Inclusion, Title IX and ADA/504 Coordinator. Contact Us Copyright Privacy Accessibility at Wesleyan © 2024 Wesleyan University Back to top