Bumble | Date, Chat, Meet New People & Network Better Skip to main content Bumble homepage Language selection Tiếng Việt English (United Kingdom) English (United States) English (India) हिंदी Français Français (Canada) Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Nederlands Italiano Deutsch Español (España) Español (México) Русский Svenska Norsk bokmål Dansk 日本語 한국어 Suomi 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) Polski Bahasa Indonesia Main Open menu The Shop The App DATE BFF BIZZ Ambassadors Events The Buzz About Make the first move Start meeting new people in your area! If you already have an account, sign in to use Bumble on the web. Join Sign In Get Bumble (opens in new window) Get Bumble (opens in new window) We’re not just for dating anymore Bumble Date On Bumble Date, we're leveling the playing field to change dating dynamics. We believe all relationships should begin with respect and equality. Learn More Learn more about Bumble Date Bumble Bizz Career opportunities come about when you expand your network. On Bumble Bizz, you can pursue a career change, meet team members, or become a mentor. Learn More Learn more about Bumble BFF Bumble BFF Whether you’re new to a city or looking to expand your social circle, Bumble BFF is a simplified way to create meaningful friendships. Learn More Learn more about Bumble Bizz Why Bumble? Bumble was first founded to challenge the antiquated rules of dating. Now, Bumble empowers users to connect with confidence whether dating, networking, or meeting friends online. We’ve made it not only necessary but acceptable for women to make the first move, shaking up outdated gender norms. We prioritize kindness and respect, providing a safe online community for users to build new relationships. Learn More Learn more about Bumble Team Slides about Bumble Previous slide Next slide Make the First Move Women talk first to set an equal tone from the start. HERE'S HOW Make the First Move Women talk first to set an equal tone from the start. HERE'S HOW (opens in new window) Kiss Catfishing Goodbye Bumble Photo Verification is a promise that the person you’re talking with is who they say they are. Look for the blue check mark on other users’ profiles. FIND OUT MORE Kiss Catfishing Goodbye Bumble Photo Verification is a promise that the person you’re talking with is who they say they are. Look for the blue check mark on other users’ profiles. FIND OUT MORE (opens in new window) We Love Success Stories Nothing makes us happier than hearing from our users who have found love, friendship, or professional success on Bumble. READ THE STORIES We Love Success Stories Nothing makes us happier than hearing from our users who have found love, friendship, or professional success on Bumble. READ THE STORIES (opens in new window) Follow @Bumble Follow Bumble on Instagram (opens in new window) Footer Bumble on Instagram Bumble on Facebook Bumble on Twitter Bumble on Pinterest FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Israel-Hamas War Response Israel-Hamas War Response Events Contact Us Guidelines Careers Investors Modern Slavery Act Statement(opens in new window) Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Impressum Seasonal Dating Guides © 2024 Bumble | All Rights Reserved Close menu The App DATE BFF BIZZ Ambassadors Events The Buzz Shop About Get Bumble (opens in new window) Get Bumble (opens in new window) Bumble on Instagram Bumble on Facebook Bumble on Twitter Bumble on Pinterest Cookies consent We use cookies to make our site work better. This includes analytics cookies and advertising cookies. For more information, please check our Cookie Policy(opens in new window) Let us know you agree to cookies Close cookies consent