Home | University Information Technology Services Skip to main content Search search search search menu menu home home close close Search search Main navigation Home Find Services Get Support I Want To... Get Started with IT Get Email Set Up Two-Step Authentication Reset NetID Password Get Software Find Training Report an IT Security Incident Status & Alerts About Us CIO Division Meet IT Leadership Key Initiatives ASITS Program IT Jobs Annual Reports IT Summit OSCR IT Centralization Home A more unified IT community… …to share expertise about campus projects, services, processes and tools. To collaborate and support the technology needs of our faculty, staff, and students, while helping to grow the University’s ability to innovate and educate. Learn More about IT Centralization New to the U? - Check out these resources. Our goal is to ensure we provide technology services, resources and support that you may need as a student, a researcher, or faculty at the University. IT for Students Find all the technology services, resources, and support you need as a student at the University in one place. View Resources IT for Faculty/Staff An overview of the digital resources available to faculty and staff. View Resources IT for Researchers Find the computational resources, services, and support you need to conduct research at the University. View Resources IT for Technology Staff What you need to know as an IT professional at the University. View Resources Feature Stories Image Protect Your Valuable Information During Spring Break Tuesday Spring break is unfortunately an opportune time for hackers, schemers, and generally dishonest people. There are many proactive steps you can take to protect yourself and your loved ones. Read more Image QR Code Scammers Are Out There Feb. 22, 2024 Defrauders have a penchant for identifying the tools that people rely on the most, which is why it is unfortunately common to see scammers slipping into your emails via phishing, text message, and social media accounts. QR codes are the latest tool being attacked by the dishonest Read more Image On Our Own Time Award Feb. 13, 2024 Within UITS, employees often live and breathe technology, but the reality of the employees is that they have incredible and unique talents outside of their day-to-day jobs and responsibilities. Elizabeth Criger, Infrastructure and IT Services Coordinator II, is just one example of someone exercising skills and passions, and that has recently paid off in some great recognition through the On Our Time Art Exhibit. Read more Read all news Find IT Services A-Z listing or services, or filter to technology category. Find IT services Get Support Help via phone, chat, submitting a ticket, or lobby visit. Get IT Support Service News & Tips U-System Decommission Set for June 30 Tuesday The U-System, a service to create websites and manage secure file transfers, had login access disabled on June 1, 2023. U-System websites will remain online until June 30, 2024, when they will be decommissioned. Read more DUO Universal Prompt and VPN Changes Feb. 2, 2024 On Friday, Feb. 16, the University will implement a streamlined NetID+ two-factor authentication experience, Duo Universal Prompt, to simplify the verification process, increase security and provide a more user-friendly interface. Read more Phishing Scam Targeting University Community Dec. 19, 2023 Some members of the University community have recently received a phishing email that aims to steal NetID and password information. Read more Read all news Secure Computing See the latest phishing scams, report an incident, get security tips, find security policies, and more. Security @ Arizona 1077 North Highland Ave., PO Box 210073Tucson, Arizona 85721-0073 IT Resources For studentsFor faculty/staffFor researchersExplore all servicesSecure Computing IT @ Arizona About UsIT NewsPoliciesIT JobsResources for IT Staff Follow Us LinkedInFacebookInstagram IT Support Call 24/7 at 520-626-8324Chat with 24/7Report onlineVisit 24/7 Lounge Website Feedback We respectfully acknowledge the University of Arizona is on the land and territories of Indigenous peoples. Today, Arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with Tucson being home to the O’odham and the Yaqui. Committed to diversity and inclusion, the University strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign Native Nations and Indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service. University Information Security and Privacy © 2024 The Arizona Board of Regents on behalf of The University of Arizona. Chat now