Purdue OWL® - Purdue OWL® - Purdue University Skip to main content Purdue OWL® College of Liberal Arts Menu Purdue OWL® On-Campus Writing Lab Online Writing Lab Home Research Home Writing Lab Usage Writing Centers Research Project Big Ten Academic Alliance Peer Institutions Contact Site Map Welcome to the Purdue OWL® We are a globally renowned resource that provides assistance with English to students, teachers, professionals, and organizations across the world. Our goal is to assist clients in their development as writers - no matter their skill level. Online Writing Lab The online writing lab offers global support through online reference materials and services for creating citations, cover letters, major-specific writing help, and general writing advice. APA Guide MLA Guide Avoiding Plagiarism Resume Guide On-Campus Writing Lab The physical writing lab serves the on-campus Purdue community of students and faculty. Schedule an in-person, online, or e-tutoring session with one of our tutors or check out one of our writing workshops! Student Info Faculty Info Make an Appointment Popular Resources Purdue OWL® Vidcasts APA Formatting and Style Guide MLA Formatting and Style Guide Avoiding Plagiarism Writing the Basic Business Letter Developing a Résumé Suggested Resources Site Map Grades 7-12 Instructors and Students English as a Second Language Non-Purdue Instructors and Students Purdue Instructors and Students Professional Writers Parents Resources Communication OneCampus Portal Brightspace BoilerConnect Office 365 Outlook myPurdue Campus Faculty and Staff Human Resources Careers Colleges and Schools Directory Campus Map CLA Resources Academics CLA Faculty & Staff Research Students THiNK Magazine & News Online Writing Lab People About Us Meet the Dean Alumni & Friends Diversity & Inclusion Giving Questions Contact Us Purdue OWL is a registered trademark. Copyright ©2024 by The On-Campus Writing Lab & The OWL at Purdue and Purdue University. This material may not be published, reproduced, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission. This website collects and publishes the ideas of individuals who have contributed those ideas in their capacities as faculty-mentored student scholars. The materials collected here do not express the views of, or positions held by, Purdue University. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our terms and conditions of fair use. Privacy policy.