U-M School of Public Health University of Michigan School of Public Health We're still accepting applications for fall 2024!Apply Today Skip to content Skip to search Skip to search Accessibility Policy Report an Accessibility Issue Search Submit menu facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin Search Submit form Prospective Students Community Partners & Employers Alumni and Giving Home Admissions Programs & Degrees Tuition and Fees Funding and Financial Aid Prospective Student Events Career Outcomes Contact Us Applications and Deadlines Policies, Procedures, and Forms Why Study Public Health? Research & Education Leaders in Research Departments Curriculum Public Health IDEAS Research Centers Faculty Global Public Health Careers and Internships Public Health Practice Online Learning Hub News & Profiles We are michigan public health News Center Population Healthy Podcast The Pursuit Blog Findings Magazine Community Giving Student Experience Alumni The Heights Calendar of Events Community Partners & Employers SPH Apparel Store About Mission Leadership Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Our Facilities Contact Us Prospective Students Community Partners & Employers Alumni and Giving Explore Our Programs Undergraduate Master's Doctoral Online Join Our Interest List #1 Public Research University National Science Foundation #5 School of Public Health U.S. News & World Report 5 Top 5 specialties U.S. News & World Report Help Create a Healthier,More Equitable World Pursue a degree in public health at one of the top-ranked schools of public health in the country. With a rigorous Michigan Public Health education that includes engaging learning opportunities with top faculty, access to innovative laboratory and field settings, and community-based and entrepreneurial training, you’ll prepare for a career of positive, transformative change. Our graduates join a community of 18,000 alumni and enter the world ready to address our biggest public health challenges. learn more about anti-racism and health equity On The Podcast Health and dignity for Michigan farmworkers With the Michigan Farmworker Project, two researchers document the health challenges faced by the state’s agricultural workers. Alexis Handal and Lisbeth Iglesias-Rios discuss the crucial role of data in driving policy changes for better conditions for farmworkers. Critical Conversations Public health takes on gun violence crisis Preventing gun violence is a democracy project. That’s the message Brandon Wolf delivered during the “Public Health Approaches to Ending Gun Violence” seminar. It was the second event of The Exchange: Critical Conversations with Michigan Public Health, an academic seminar series launched in fall 2023. In The News COHSE receives $9 million grant to fund education and training The Center for Occupational Health and Safety Engineering recently received a five-year $9 million grant from the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health to continue its pivotal role in training the future generation of occupational health professionals. New Research Midlife blood test may predict cognitive decline, Alzheimer's in later life Researchers from the University of Michigan have connected two blood biomarkers to changes in cognitive function in women in midlife, opening a potentially powerful path to noninvasive, earlier detection and interventions for Alzheimer's disease and other dementias. $30M in scholarship and tuition assistance annually 97% of recent graduates are employed or pursuing an advanced degree 18K alumni worldwide Events March 8: Community Connections Night Admitted students and their guests are invited to join us for Community Connections Night! March 9: Admitted Graduate Student Day Admitted students and their guests are invited to join us for Admitted Graduate Student Day this spring. See all prospective student events This video is also available at https://youtu.be/nlNyfLsvC4U Degrees Designed for Impact At Michigan Public Health, we educate and train tomorrow’s public health leaders. Our students work at the forefront of the public health field as they study, grow, and serve communities local and global. Explore our degree offerings, careers in public health, and life in Ann Arbor, and learn more about our inclusive, passionate community of students, faculty, staff, and alumni. Degrees and ProgramsMaster's DegreeMaster of Public HealthMaster of Public Health (Online)Master of ScienceMaster of Health Services AdministrationMaster of Health InformaticsBachelor's DegreeBachelor of ArtsBachelor of ScienceDoctoral DegreeCertificates and Programs Engaged Learning Chenxi Sun, MPH ’20, was among a group of students who completed a 40-hour HAZWOPER—Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response—training program at the Michigan State Police's Emergency Management and Homeland Security Training Center. Student Snapshots 2023 Student Orientation 2023 Student Orientation 2023 Student Orientation 2023 Student Orientation 2023 Student Orientation 2023 Student Orientation 2023 Student Orientation 2023 Student Orientation Information For Prospective Students Current Students Alumni and Donors Community Partners and Employers About Us About Public Health How Do I Apply? Departments News Findings magazine Giving Maps Student Resources Career Development Certificates Internships Graduation Connect Contact Us The Heights Intranet Update Contact Info Report Website Feedback Directory facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin School of Public Health | 734-764-5425 1415 Washington Heights, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-2029 US Master’s Doctoral CEPH Accredited © 2024 The Regents of the University of Michigan | Privacy Policy | Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion | Campus Safety | U-M Home ©