Montenegro Travel Portal | Visit Montenegro Explore Regions Montenegro Coast Central Region North / Mountains More Top 5 Places National Parks Coast Kotor Budva Tivat Herceg Novi Petrovac Bar Ulcinj Continental Zabljak Kolasin Cetinje Podgorica Plav Niksic Information Travel Info Where is Montenegro? Useful Information Visa Requirements Montenegro Embassies Climate & Weather Coronavirus info General Info Events & Festivals Interesting Facts Montenegro Maps Montenegro Casinos Invest in Montenegro Buying a Property Learn More History of Montenegro Montenegro Nature Montenegrin Culture Traditional Costume Montenegrin Language Montenegrin Wines Montenegrin Cuisine Transport Airport Transfers Airports & Flights Car Rentals From Dubrovnik Ports & Marinas Ferry Lines Railway Bus News Explore Montenegro Coast Central Region North / Mountains More Where is Montenegro? Useful Information Visa Requirements Events & Festivals Interesting Facts Invest in Montenegro Buying a Property Transport Airport Transfers Airports & Flights Car Rentals From Dubrovnik News Kotor Kotor, a masterpiece of fortifications between the gray mountains and the sea Explore Kotor Budva Budva – the town of summer theatres and festivals, the location of the most beautiful beaches and night life Explore Budva Tivat Tivat is the youngest town in Boka Bay. The sea on one side and Mount Vrmac on the other. Town has been transformed from a navy base into one of the most luxurious yachting resorts in the Mediterranean Sea Explore Tivat Herceg Novi The 'Town of 100,001 Steps' is a hidden gem where you can wander the old town's alleyways, mingle with the locals in the farmers market and soak up the sun on the best beaches in Boka Bay. Explore Herceg Novi Petrovac The long stretch of beach and warm waters are the ideal playground for holidaying families in summer, while the boardwalk is dotted with traditional stone houses, resaturants and boutiques. Explore Petrovac Welcome to Montenegro! When was the last time you did something for the first time? Have you ever drunk water directly from the river? Or had an adrenaline rush from zip-lining over the deepest canyon in Europe? Have you ever kite-surfed at the upstream running river? Visited the resting place of a miracle-making saint? Montenegro is offering something different and unique. Visit Montenegro, a country of tall people, dramatic nature contrasts and colorful rains. Montenegro is like a box of chocolates – every candy of a unique, rich and delicate taste that is long remembered. Explore Montenegro Coast Explore Montenegro Central Explore Montenegro North Montenegro stands on the edge between the east and the west. Different civilizations crashing and colliding have left the most beautiful marks between the wrinkled mountainous face of this fascinating country. Roman floor mosaics, Illyrian gray castles, Venetian stony walls, vibrantly painted Orthodox monasteries, ornamental Catholic churches, modest and minimalistic mosque minarets and plane socialist style buildings will tell you about Montenegrin rich cultural history. Myriad powers fought over these lands and that is why the locals are tall and strong, their eyes are of different shades of all colors, and their welcoming hug is warm and brotherly. Those looking for a multicultural European history are more than welcome to Montenegro. Top Picks Holiday Book your holiday Planning to visit Montenegro? Book a holiday of your lifetime. Book now Car Rentals Car Rental Montenegro Renting a car is the best way to make the most out of your Montenegro holiday Check options Transfers Airport Transfers Private affordable transfers from the airport directly to your hotel. Check options © 2005-2024 Visit Montenegro. All rights reserved.