Museums Victoria Museums Victoria Back to home Join Shop Donate Close Search the Museums Victoria website Enter your search term Search Menu Close Home (current) Our museums Venue hire Collections & research Learning Join & support Ask us Discover History Culture Science Join Shop Donate Menu Titanic: The Artefact Exhibition On sale now, this Melbourne Museum exclusive offers a unique chance to explore human stories told through 200+ artefacts recovered from the legendary shipwreck. Book now Previous item Share your museum memories Celebrating 170 years Join us in celebrating 170 years of Museums Victoria history. Free entry on 9 March for anyone born on the same date! Share your museum memories and discover 17 decades of collection highlights. Exhibition Scienceworks Until 6 October Air Playground Reinvigorated with fresh interactives, the family favourite exhibition is back for a second season. Exhibition Immigration Museum Until 29 August 2025 Joy Joy brings the Immigration Museum to life with an emotive adventure where creativity, colour and storytelling join forces to take you on a transformative journey. 18+ event Melbourne Museum Thursday 14 March Nocturnal | Museum After Dark Once a month we showcase rare collections and exhibitions to give adults a chance to dance, dine and drink while enjoying a non-stop line-up of themed talks, tours, and activities. Next item Our Museums Melbourne Museum Hours Open daily 9am to 5pm Address 11 Nicholson Street Carlton Scienceworks Hours Daily 10am to 4.30pm Address 2 Booker Street Spotswood Immigration Museum Hours Open daily 10am to 5pm Address 400 Flinders Street Melbourne Royal Exhibition Building Hours Book a tour Address 9 Nicholson Street Carlton Discover Read A man and his rare Indian motorcycle, reunited 91-year-old Don Parkinson revisits the 1923 Indian Scout motorcycle he restored more than 40 years ago. Read Victoria's bushfire history preserved in online memorial map Take a virtual visit to some of the state's bushfire memorials to reflect and commemorate. Read 19-million-year-old fossil jaw bone hints the biggest whales first evolved somewhere unexpected A newly described fossil from South Australia is making waves in our understanding of where and when whales evolved titanic body sizes. Read 125-million-year-old footprints rewrite the history of birds in Australia Ancient bird tracks found on Australia’s southeast coast, could be the oldest evidence for avian dinosaurs in the Southern Hemisphere. Read Deaccessioning: Why do museums remove objects from collections? The public collections found in museums across the world are a historic record. But that does not mean everything stays there forever. Read These pieces of atomic glass are the remnants of the first nuclear bombs Forged in the fury of nuclear explosions, like Oppenheimer’s Trinity test and British bombs at Maralinga, atomic glass is more than a curio in museum collections. Discover more History Culture Science Make a donation Join us in creating a positive, meaningful impact on the world around us. Make a donation Join Museum Members to see more, first As a Museum Member, you'll enjoy free general entry to Melbourne Museum, Scienceworks and the Immigration Museum, discounts on special exhibitions, parking, shops and cafes, exclusive events, tours and viewings! Join before 31 March 2024 and receive a FREE ticket to Titanic: The Artefact Exhibition at Melbourne Museum. Join now Shop educational gifts and toys at Museums Victoria Store Keep little hands and minds busy at home with our range of unique and educational toys, activities and books. Build a solar system, excavate for dinosaurs, learn about the human body, or discover the secrets of the natural world in your own backyard. And for the big kids, we’ve got everything from puzzles to locally made homewares to brighten up your day! Shop now Museums Victoria is a Join the mailing list and get the latest from our Museums direct to your inbox. Sign up now Museums Victoria Acknowledgement of First Peoples Museums Victoria acknowledges the Woi Wurrung (Wurundjeri) and Boon Wurrung peoples of the eastern Kulin Nations where we work, and First Peoples language groups and communities across Victoria and Australia. Our organisation, in partnership with the First Peoples of Victoria, is working to place First Peoples living cultures and histories at the core of our practice. Visit the Bunjilaka Aboriginal Cultural Centre website for more information. Links About us Media Careers Venue hire Apps Books MV Collections Museums Victoria Store Join & support Membership Corporate partnerships Donations Volunteer Museum Teachers Student opportunities Visit Melbourne Museum Scienceworks Immigration Museum Royal Exhibition Building IMAX Bunjilaka Aboriginal Cultural Centre © 2024 Museums Victoria Legals Contact us Museums Victoria is supported by the Victorian Government through Creative Victoria Creative Victoria Share your thoughts to WIN We'd love to hear about your experience with our website. Our survey takes less than 10 minutes and entries go in a draw to win a $100 gift voucher at our online store! Start survey