English Language & Usage Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community English Language & Usage help chat English Language & Usage Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question meaninggrammarword-choiceword-usagegrammaticalityetymologyphrase-requestsphrasesexpressionsmeaning-in-context more tags Active Hot Week Month -1 votes 2 answers 44 views Question about the semantic usage of "let" in more formal language formality Edwin Ashworth 82.3k modified 8 mins ago 0 votes 2 answers 33 views To gain ground: Synonym synonymsidiom-requests DjinTonic 20.9k modified 25 mins ago 9 votes 3 answers 3k views "Went for the deep cut" expressionsslang I. J. Kennedy 1,075 modified 26 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views Relative pronouns - which sentence makes more sense? relative-clauses Penguin Learning 1 asked 54 mins ago 0 votes 1 answer 64 views What is the word for a cut down said with a grin? phrase-requestsexpressionsidiomsidiom-requests CommunityBot 1 modified 2 hours ago 1 vote 2 answers 40 views "And I'll tell you for why". Why the "for"? phrases Hans Kilian 123 modified 3 hours ago 43 votes 2 answers 55k views What's the difference between "general" and "generic"? meaningword-choicedifferences CommunityBot 1 modified 5 hours ago 4 votes 4 answers 4k views Is "as [adjective] as [can/could] be" grammatical? grammar Ava Aldridge 1 modified 6 hours ago 22 votes 6 answers 22k views What is the word that we use to call a father who is the main earner in the family? single-word-requestsslang Budi Putra Jaya 1 modified 10 hours ago 4 votes 1 answer 100 views Origin of “best-in-class” american-englishterminologytechnology Tinfoil Hat 16.6k modified 13 hours ago 2 votes 2 answers 429 views Pronunciation of word-initial syllabic R in American English american-englishpronunciationrhoticity Peter Shor 88.3k modified 13 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 333 views Safe Deposit Box meaning user499670 1 answered 14 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 54 views What's the difference between "watches" and "watching" in this sentence differences jimm101 10.8k modified 14 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 46 views What does "to line someone out" mean? meaningphrasal-verbs Weather Vane 20.9k modified 16 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions ContourPolarPlot or PolarContourPlot? Plus construction on Simplicial Sets? Can one get a liquidity premium as a retail investor? What are "Himalaya Wines", in the "Last Chronicle of Barset"? Subjunctive question: “I’m just questioning whether or not it were” Did SCOTUS have the authority to rule on McConnell's refusal to allow Obama to fill a SCOTUS vacancy? How to ask for more time before deciding to accept/reject offer letter? What are theistic responses to Graham Oppy's argument for atheism from naturalism? What is μέγεθος referring to in Jewish War 3.4 How to receive UDP packet with 127.0.0.0/8 dst address in userspace Made a new camera in unity 2d, its now the default despite not being set to main camera Fantasy book in which a duchess goes to a boarding school where they don't officially teach magic, but the girls who graduate know it somehow Do 1.5% of lithium-ion batteries overheat, explode, or catch fire each year? When a bus goes around a corner, does the person sitting at the back travel further distance than the person sitting at the front? Could mountains form on anhydrous planets? What is the difference between "within five to six days" and "within six days"? World weavers or something, a double seven child without magic Why doesn't Canada build housing to control the price of rent, given the country faces skyrocketing rent prices? Pronunciation of word-initial syllabic R in American English PhD supervisor complaining about not getting paid for supervision 6 year old won't go to the bathroom by herself anymore, because of being scared. What to do? Does 2 Timothy 2:13 mean that a once saved person cannot lose his salvation? Abortion Debate - Should we teach abstinence to adolescents as a preventive measure of unwanted pregnancy? Great battles in the history of mathematics more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. English Language & Usage Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.5.5707