The Tor Project / Organization · GitLab Skip to content GitLab Explore Sign in The Tor Project Organization O Organization Project ID: 571 Topics: tpo organization This project holds THE wiki for Tor. Read more The Tor Project Welcome to the Tor Project! To edit these pages, you will need to simply click the Wiki link on the left sidebar. Official Resources This is a list of places where the Tor project is maintaining resources and information about Tor. The Tor Project's official website. Support Portal Community Portal Tor News: a monthly newsletter with updates and opportunities Meetings: Information about how we prepare and run meetings. It also has record of previous Tor meetings and hackathons. Tor in the Media. Contributions Official bug-tracker for Tor is now GitLab. Interested in Volunteering? Onboarding information. Documentation Official documentation: will soon move to the Tor Project's new developer portal when is ready. The Tor Relay Guide: to help run the Tor network. Tor Browser User Manual: learning on how to use the Tor Browser. Tor User Documentation Style Guide Services ​Official Tor package archive: contains archived software releases, monthly reports, old metrics, etc. Official Tor media archive: contains all images, videos, and misc files. Check: is a service to check if you are currently using Tor Metrics website: metrics and graphs based on Tor network data. Status: check the status of Tor Project services. ​Onion addresses: list of onion services run by the Tor Project. Processes at the Tor project Roadmaps: how the roadmaps are shaped for teams and projects and people. Management: how we manage sponsored projects at Tor. Security intake process: The tor-security@ process and responsibilities By Team: Anti-censorship Team: processes and policies Applications Team: processes and policies Network Health Team: processes and policies Network Team: processes and policies Releases OKRs: we tried OKRs but it did not work for us. The plan is to revisit and find a way that can work for the organization. Projects List of active products we are maintaining. List of sponsored projects that we are working on in 2023. List of projects that we completed. Internships we are usually running almost every year: Outreachy provides internships in open source to people subject to systemic bias and impacted by under-representation in the technical industry where they are living. Google Summer of Code is the internship that we participate to mentor students coming into the open source world. Organization The Tor Project is not a horizontal organization but we try to make decisions as democratic as possible. We have a structure where we operate and maintain the different pieces of software in teams. Our teams meet once a week to coordinate work and also meet frequently to coordinate projects. We have a project manager that facilitates the coordination and keeps an eye on the roadmaps to get to deadlines on time. In 2018, the Executive Director at the Tor Project and set the following goals for the next 3 to 5 years, for the organization and its projects: A Mature Tor Project (organization) Stable income flows from a diverse funding base Diverse and robust organization that meets our needs Strong organizational culture focuses on employees and volunteers happiness Global brand recognition - Tor means strong privacy Full Access (product/projects) Any person on the planet can access the Tor network Any person on the planet can use the Tor network to access any websites or services online Ensure the Tor network is diverse, healthy, stable, and scalable As of August 2021, we started to implement OKRs to set goals per team and role and track outcomes and organize the work ahead. Each team lead has setup OKRs with help of their team (you can find them in each team's wiki) as well as Roger for the areas he is working on. Teams Anti-censorship team meets every Thursday in irc and is working on this roadmap. Applications team (Tor Browser) meets every Monday in irc.oftc.net and is working on this roadmap. Communications & Operations team. Community team meets monthly and is working on this roadmap. Fundraising team. Network team meets weekly and is working on this roadmap. Network Health team meets weekly and is working on this roadmap and metric's roadmap. We are merging metrics into network health and will be a process that will happen through 2022. Roger is tracking his roadmap here. Sysadmin team meets monthly and is working on this roadmap. UX team meets monthly and is working on this roadmap. Web team meets occasionally and cares about this roadmap during sysadmin team's meetings. Community Council The Community Council is an elected body of Tor Core Contributors who are available to help resolve intra-community disputes. Meetings We run public meetings for all teams in irc and not secret but not public meetings in Big Blue Button for specific projects. All Hands We run weekly internal meetings with this schedule: Every two months we have a financial update. Every three months we run a demo day. Quarterly we revisit priorities. Quarterly we do a retrospective. We have Tor DEMO days every three months. Here you can read notes on past DEMOs. This page was originally based on the archived homepage of the old wiki in Trac: https://trac.torproject.org/projects/tor