The Debrief - Science, Tech and Defense for the Rebelliously Curious. Science Tech Space Defense Aerospace UAP Podcasts Newsletter Submissions About DARPA-Funded Wireless Communication Breakthrough Takes Data Transmission to Another Dimension… Literally. Harvard Scientists Say New Research “Sets the Stage” For Helping Humans Regrow Lost Limbs Jupiter’s Moon Europa Remains Compelling in the Search for Extraterrestrial Life. Here’s Why. James Webb Space Telescope Has Detected Something Enormous Hiding in One of the Farthest Known Galaxies Micah Hanks·March 4, 2024Astronomers have made a massive discovery in one of the most distant known galaxies with help from NASA’s James Webb Space Telescope. Chang’e-5 Sample Analysis Reveals Moon’s Hidden History, Curious Link to “Anomalous” Crater Micah Hanks·March 4, 2024Samples collected by China’s Chang’e-5 lander have revealed connections to a mysterious crater that has long perplexed astronomers. Look: ESA’s ERS-2 Satellite Captured in Striking Images During Reentry into Earth’s Atmosphere Micah Hanks·March 4, 2024The ESA's ERS-2 satellite was captured in striking images during the spacecraft’s reentry into Earth’s atmosphere last month. Speed Record Breaking 80 mph Glacier Fracture in Antarctica is Fastest Ever Observed Micah Hanks·March 4, 2024The fastest known large-scale ice shelf breakage in Antarctica has been observed by researchers, according to new findings. James Webb Space Telescope Solves Cosmic Mystery of ‘Missing’ Giant Planets Around Young Stars Micah Hanks·March 1, 2024The James Webb Space Telescope has revealed new data that reveals why some stars are unable to possess giant planets. In Antarctica, These Mysterious Formations of Ice Are Vanishing. Half a Century of Satellite Images May Help Explain Why. Micah Hanks·March 1, 2024These odd looking humps in Antarctica are vanishing, and scientists are using half a century of satellite imagery to try and explain why. Discovery Points to Promising Conditions For Ancient Life on Mars Micah Hanks·February 29, 2024Scientists may have explained the origin of organic materials on Mars that could shed light on whether life once existed on the planet. COVID-19 ‘Brain Fog’ is Real and Can Last Over a Year, Dropping IQ As Much As 9 Points Tim McMillan·February 29, 2024Groundbreaking research on COVID-19's long-term effects, prove "brain fog" is real and can affect cognitive functions for over a year. AI Superintelligence Alert: Expert Warns of Uncontrollable Risks, Calling It a Potential ‘An Existential Catastrophe’ Tim McMillan·February 28, 2024AI safety expert highlights the uncontrollable risks of AI superintelligence, warning it poses an existential threat. Creation of Two Novel Isotopes Could Produce New Insights into Mysteries of Atomic Nuclei Micah Hanks·February 28, 2024A pair of new isotopes have reportedly been created, an achievement could yield promising new insights into the mysteries of atomic nuclei. 5,000-Year-Old Smashed Skull of Vittrup Man Tells Violent Story of an Ancient Ritual Sacrifice Micah Hanks·February 28, 2024A new study into the enigmatic Vittrup Man reveals new clues about his origins and the harsh way of life that led to his death millennia ago. This Massive Solar Farm, One of the Largest Projects in DoD History, Is Changing How We Look at Solar Energy Micah Hanks·February 27, 2024The massive Edwards Sanborn Solar and Energy Storage facility went online this month following announcements that the project had reached substantial completion. Earth Can Be Used as a Guinea Pig to Search for Extraterrestrial Life with This New Telescope, Astronomers Say MJ Banias·February 27, 2024Researchers have just published a study that could advance our ability to detect extraterrestrial life, and Earth served as the guinea pig. Feeling Burnout at Your Job? Mindfulness in the Digital Workplace Could Help, Study Says Micah Hanks·February 27, 2024Improving mindfulness can potentially help mitigate stress and burnout, according to the findings of a new study that looked at how anxiety and overload can be prevented in the digital workspace. Breakthrough in Quantum Measurement of Gravity Achieved Using Levitating Magnets Micah Hanks·February 26, 2024Physicists are one step closer to the measurement of gravity at the quantum level, findings that may broaden our understanding of some of the most mysterious forces at work in our universe. This New Exosuit Will Use Artificial Intelligence To Decode Brain Signals For Movement MJ Banias·February 26, 2024The Wyss Synapsuit Exosuit uses artificial intelligence to decode brain signals into actual movement for users. A Monstrous Reptile Rumored to be Largest of Its Kind on Earth Has Been Discovered in the Amazon Rainforest Micah Hanks·February 26, 2024A massive new species of anaconda that could potentially be the largest currently in existence has been uncovered in the Amazon rainforests of Ecuador, according to a newly published study. Dormant for Thousands of Years, These Organisms Are Suddenly Waking Up. Now Scientists Are Concerned. Micah Hanks·February 24, 2024Researchers have found that as global temperatures steadily rise, tiny organisms long dormant are now coming alive. The Moon Will Return to Earth to Die in 7.6-Billion Years. Here’s How It May Happen. Avi Loeb·February 24, 2024The Moon will eventually return to Earth, but humans won't be around long enough to see it. Pyramid at Giza’s Controversial Restoration Has Been Halted by Egyptian Authorities Micah Hanks·February 24, 2024A contentious restoration of the Menkaure Pyramid at Giza has been canceled according to Egyptian authorities. Military Officials Tracking High-Altitude Balloon Spotted Over Western United States (Updated) Micah Hanks·February 23, 2024A high-altitude balloon is being tracked over the Western United States, according to officials who spoke on Friday with knowledge of the matter. New Phase of Matter Created During Experiments with Exotic Particles in Quantum Processor Micah Hanks·February 23, 2024A new phase of matter previously recognized only in theory has been created by researchers using a quantum processor. Universal Antivenom Able to Treat Nearly All Deadly Snakebites May Soon Be a Reality Christopher Plain·February 23, 2024Scientists at the Scripps Research Institute are closing in on a universal snake antivenom that could prevent over 100,000 deaths a year. 40,000 Years Ago, Neanderthals Developed This Sticky Technology to Help Them Craft Stronger Tools MJ Banias·February 23, 2024Neanderthals in Europe were using a glue-like adhesive around 40,000 years ago, new research reveals. Ancient Discoveries in South American Cave Revealed to be Thousands of Years Older Than Experts Thought Micah Hanks·February 22, 2024Research into the emergence of rock art in Patagonia has revealed that imagery depicted at the Cueva Huenul 1 cave is thousands of years older than archaeologists previously estimated. Intuitive Machines’ Odysseus Probe to Attempt Historic First Private Moon Landing Today: Here’s What to Know Tim McMillan·February 22, 2024Today's Odysseus moon landing marks a historic partnership between NASA and private industry to revive lunar exploration. Inventors Create World’s First ‘Water Batteries’ That Won’t Catch Fire or Explode Christopher Plain·February 22, 2024An international team of researchers have invented to world's first water batteries that could soon replace lithium-ion batteries. Unlocking the Power of Anthropomorphism: How Products with Human-Like Traits Could Shape Your Next Purchase Tim McMillan·February 22, 2024New research suggests anthropomorphism and products with human-like traits could revolutionize consumer behavior. Climate Change Is Impacting Solar Panels and Will Cause Them to Degrade Faster MJ Banias·February 21, 2024A recent study says climate change may be accelerating the degradation of solar panels, causing them to break down faster. AI Propaganda is Dangerously Persuasive and Could be Used in Covert Operations, New Study Warns Micah Hanks·February 21, 2024AI propaganda generated by popular large language models is remarkably persuasive, according to new findings that compared AI-generated content to real propaganda produced by countries like Russia and Iran. Pentagon’s BLUE Program Aims to Fuel Underwater Remote Sensors Using Microscopic Marine Organisms Tim McMillan·February 21, 2024DARPA's BLUE program seeks sustainable solutions for ocean deployments by harnessing the potential of microscopic marine organisms. Scientists Can See Around Obstacles With This Reality Hack that Turns Ordinary Surfaces Into Mirrors Christopher Plain·February 21, 2024A pair of scientists say they have developed a potentially revolutionary technique that lets them see around obstacles. Ancient Megalithic Structure Older than the Egyptian Pyramids Discovered in the Peruvian Andes Christopher Plain·February 21, 2024A nearly 5,000-year-old ancient megalithic site discovered in the Peruvian Andes is older than the Pyramids of Egypt. U.S. Navy to Equip Game-Changing Underwater Sensor System That Mimics Biology to Detect and Track Anomalies Micah Hanks·February 20, 2024A sophisticated new underwater sensor system aims to replicate the abilities of one of nature’s most formidable aquatic mammals. Naval Research Laboratory Leverages Exotic Properties of 2D Waveguides to Capture the Light of Dark Excitons Micah Hanks·February 20, 2024The milestone discovery of waveguides based on 2D materials with “exotic” properties has been achieved by the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory. DARPA’s New REMA Program is Turning Ordinary Drones into Autonomous Killing Machines. Kind of. Christopher Plain·February 20, 2024DARPA's newly announced REMA program hopes to turn ordinary commercial and military drones into autonomous killing machines. New Photonic Computer Chip Performs Calculations at ‘Light Speed’ Using Light Waves Instead of Electricity Christopher Plain·February 20, 2024Insane new photonic computer chip can perform calculations at light speed by replacing electricity with light waves. Mission to Investigate Potentially Hazardous Objects in Orbit Lifts Off Aboard Rocket Lab Electron Rocket Micah Hanks·February 19, 2024Aerospace company Rocket Lab has successfully deployed a satellite on a mission to inspect space junk for potential removal from orbit. In Antarctica, Dark Matter Mystery Comes into Focus as South Pole Telescope Extends Our View of the Cosmos Micah Hanks·February 19, 2024An upgraded camera system on Antarctica's South Pole Telescope could offer astronomers clues to a longstanding cosmic mystery. Scientist Says Engaging One Particular Sense May Dramatically Reduce Feelings of Depression Christopher Plain·February 19, 2024Scientists have discovered that engaging in this particular human sense can trigger positive memories to help battle feelings of depression. “Shooting Down Souls… Good Luck with That”: Some Paradoxical Thoughts on the UFO Phenomenon from a Historian of Religions Jeffrey J. Kripal, Ph.D.·February 16, 2024Historian of religions Jeffrey Kripal, Ph.D., looks at a few of the paradoxes that arise in the study of the UFO phenomenon. Revolutionary AI Tool, “Deep-DRAM,” Opens Door to Discovering Unprecedented Metamaterials with “Unusual Properties” Tim McMillan·February 16, 2024Deep-DRAM, an groundbreaking AI tool allows for the crafting of durable, customizable metamaterials with unprecedented functions. James Webb Space Telescope Has Discovered an Enormous Remnant of the Early Universe That Astronomers Say Shouldn’t Exist Micah Hanks·February 16, 2024The James Webb Space Telescope has made an 11-billion-year-old discovery more massive than the Milky Way, and it shouldn't exist. This Strange Phenomena Could Place NASA’s Lunar Landers At Risk MJ Banias·February 16, 2024NASA has embarked on the Electrostatic Regolith Interaction Experiment (ERIE) to combat the hazards posed by lunar dust. The US Government Wants to Combat Cyber Attacks with Psychology MJ Banias·February 15, 2024The U.S. Government has launched a program that will attempt to leverage psychology in defending against future cyber attacks. Fiery Satellite Images Reveal New Insights on the Latest Volcanic Eruption That Has Rocked Iceland Micah Hanks·February 15, 2024Recent satellite images are offering a glimpse of the latest eruption in Iceland, along with other unique insights into the ongoing volcanic activity. Space Force Will Take Command of Future Live Target-Tracking Satellites MJ Banias·February 15, 2024The U.S. Space Force is set to take command of a new fleet of satellites that will provide real-time monitoring of ground targets around the globe, offering unprecedented surveillance capabilities. Scientists Have Designed the World’s First True ‘One-Way Glass’ Using the Magic of Metamaterials Christopher Plain·February 15, 2024A team of materials scientists say they have designed a novel optical NME metamaterial that could be used to build true one-way glass. A Breakthrough in the Control of Quantum Phenomena at Room Temperature Has Been Achieved, Researchers Say Micah Hanks·February 14, 2024The control of quantum phenomena at room temperature has been achieved, according to the findings of a pioneering new study. These Natural Heart-Shaped Features Top Our List of the World’s Most Romantic Locations Micah Hanks·February 14, 2024Just in time for Valentine's Day, here are several of the most striking natural heart-shaped formations found anywhere in nature. Podcasts The Science Behind Science Fiction Disinfo and the UFO Ancient Bacteria Is Coming Back To Life The Intelligence Brief Russia’s Tactical Nuclear Weapons Threshold Revealed in New Document Leak Letters to the Editor The Sol Foundation Conference: A Great Success and a Greater Issue to Face Feature Stories The Vanishing Star Enigma and the 1952 Washington D.C. UFO Wave Salvatore Pais’s Mysterious ‘UFO patents’: What Do They Really Mean? Opinion: Non-Human Intelligence at the Threshold © Copyright 2023 The Debrief. All Rights Reserved. The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed in articles on this site belong solely to the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of The Debrief, or of other groups or individuals featured on this site. ADVERTISE CONTACT ABOUT EDITORIAL GUIDELINES COPYRIGHT PRIVACY Send a News Tip The Intelligence Brief Get Our Newsletter Science Tech Space Defense Aerospace UAP Podcasts Newsletter Submissions About Type to search or hit ESC to close See all results