Home | University of Canterbury Skip to main content Future students Current students International students Postgraduates Alumni UC Online open_in_new About UC Mō UC About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview Why UC? Our story Our campus and environment Campus maps What we do Sustainability Hub Canterbury University Press Donating to UC Our Alumni Partnering with UC Work at UC Corporate information Our structure Contact us Our rankings Our values Study Ako Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Qualifications Subjects Study support Library Scholarships Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Academic study options Courses UC Graduate School Other study options Outreach for schools and the community Life Te Ao o UC Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Support and wellbeing Accessibility Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Financial support For Alumni IT logins and tools Jobs and careers Safety and security Sports, fitness and recreation Student ID | Canterbury Card Student life Sustainability Research Rangahau Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About UC's research Doing research at UC IP and commercialisation Research facilities and equipment Research and Innovation Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Field stations News and Events Rongo o te Wā News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview News Events Regular events and celebrations Apply now search search menu Apply now close Close Menu keyboard_arrow_right About UC keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close About UC Mō UC keyboard_arrow_right About UC overview Why UC? Our story Our campus and environment Campus maps What we do Sustainability Hub Canterbury University Press Donating to UC Our Alumni Partnering with UC Work at UC Corporate information Our structure Contact us Our rankings Our values keyboard_arrow_right Study keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Study Ako keyboard_arrow_right Study overview Getting started Admission and enrolment Study costs Qualifications Subjects Study support Library Scholarships Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law Science Academic study options Courses UC Graduate School Other study options Outreach for schools and the community keyboard_arrow_right Life keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Life Te Ao o UC keyboard_arrow_right Life overview Support and wellbeing Accessibility Accommodation Communities and clubs Facilities Financial support For Alumni IT logins and tools Jobs and careers Safety and security Sports, fitness and recreation Student ID | Canterbury Card Student life Sustainability keyboard_arrow_right Research keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close Research Rangahau keyboard_arrow_right Research overview About UC's research Doing research at UC IP and commercialisation Research facilities and equipment Research and Innovation Research groups and centres Research specialities and projects Field stations keyboard_arrow_right News and Events keyboard_arrow_left Back close Close News and Events Rongo o te Wā keyboard_arrow_right News and Events overview News Events Regular events and celebrations Future students Current students International students Postgraduates Alumni open_in_new UC Online Welcome to Semester One 2024 18 July 2023 APPLY NOW Get prepared Find support Pandemic put Antarctic research on ice Covid-19 had a profound impact on scientific research, tourism and policy-making in Antarctica, new Canterbury-led research has found. Pandemic put Antarctic research on ice Covid-19 had a profound impact on scientific research, tourism and policy-making in Antarctica, new Canterbury-led research has found. Pandemic put Antarctic research on ice Out of this world: NZ research to fly on ISS for first time In a historic first, University of Canterbury research experiments will soon orbit Earth in microgravity aboard the International Space Station (ISS). Out of this world: NZ research to fly on ISS for first time In a historic first, University of Canterbury research experiments will soon orbit Earth in microgravity aboard the International Space Station (ISS). Out of this world: NZ research to fly on ISS for first time Current students As a current UC student, this is your resource hub. Find the relevant, up-to-date information about your studies at UC. Find your Logins, what’s on this month, how to set yourself up for success, Tūpono noticeboard, support and student services, communities and facilities below. Current students As a current UC student, this is your resource hub. Find the relevant, up-to-date information about your studies at UC. Find your Logins, what’s on this month, how to set yourself up for success, Tūpono noticeboard, support and student services, communities and facilities below. Current students Research at UC Research & Innovation provide end-to-end services to support research and innovation development, from initial funding through to commercialisation. Become a research student What can I study? chevron_right Academic study options Our communities At UC your education doesn't end at the lecture theatre door. Find your community where you can be who you are and do what you love. With around 14,000 students, UC's student population is diverse. Students from cities, suburbs and small towns across 80 countries, representing every ethnic and religious background, makes it hard not to stay busy at a campus as vibrant as UC's. See all communities Ākonga Māori 31 August 2023 UC Māori provides support for all ākonga Māori studying at Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha. Whether you need academic or financial support, guidance or social connection, we've got you covered. And once you enrol, a Kaiurungi will check in to make sure you're settling in well and have all the information you need. Check out what's available at UC Māori! Ākonga Māori UC Māori provides support for all ākonga Māori studying at Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha. Whether you need academic or financial support, guidance or social connection, we've got you covered. And once you enrol, a Kaiurungi will check in to make sure you're settling in well and have all the information you need. Check out what's available at UC Māori! Ākonga Māori Pacific students 14 November 2023 The UC Pacific Development Team is fostering a supportive community environment where all our Pacific and Pasifika students can study and grow. We have special support for first-year students as well as scholarships, mentoring programmes and lots of social events. Check out the range of programmes and services available! Pacific students The UC Pacific Development Team is fostering a supportive community environment where all our Pacific and Pasifika students can study and grow. We have special support for first-year students as well as scholarships, mentoring programmes and lots of social events. Check out the range of programmes and services available! Pacific students Disabled students 23 February 2024 At UC, we celebrate disabled people as a valued part of our diverse community. We value lived experience of disability and the expertise that it brings. We are committed to improving the experience of students who are disabled by the environment. Disabled students At UC, we celebrate disabled people as a valued part of our diverse community. We value lived experience of disability and the expertise that it brings. We are committed to improving the experience of students who are disabled by the environment. Disabled students Current students 25 August 2023 As a current UC student, this is your resource hub. Find the relevant, up-to-date information about your studies at UC. Find your Logins, what’s on this month, how to set yourself up for success, Tūpono noticeboard, support and student services, communities and facilities below. Current students As a current UC student, this is your resource hub. Find the relevant, up-to-date information about your studies at UC. Find your Logins, what’s on this month, how to set yourself up for success, Tūpono noticeboard, support and student services, communities and facilities below. Current students Future students 25 August 2023 Thinking of studying at UC? Check out the wealth of subjects we offer and our options for postgraduates. Come along to a regional information evening or join a campus tour. We also provide wraparound services to support new students plan their studies and get started at UC. You might also qualify for financial support. Future students Thinking of studying at UC? Check out the wealth of subjects we offer and our options for postgraduates. Come along to a regional information evening or join a campus tour. We also provide wraparound services to support new students plan their studies and get started at UC. You might also qualify for financial support. Future students Postgraduates 25 August 2023 Keen to study further? Check out what taught and research postgraduate options are available, what scholarships are on offer, and get inspired by what UC is doing and the impact we're having on the world. You can access support, including research student guidance from the UC Graduate School. Postgraduates Keen to study further? Check out what taught and research postgraduate options are available, what scholarships are on offer, and get inspired by what UC is doing and the impact we're having on the world. You can access support, including research student guidance from the UC Graduate School. Postgraduates International students 25 August 2023 At UC we offer a wide range of support for our international students. Whether you need help with academic skills, language, accommodation, connecting socially, or financial hardship, we are here for you. Check out the important information on this page so you can make the most of your studies and your time with us. International students At UC we offer a wide range of support for our international students. Whether you need help with academic skills, language, accommodation, connecting socially, or financial hardship, we are here for you. Check out the important information on this page so you can make the most of your studies and your time with us. International students Rainbow community 01 December 2023 UC strongly supports a diverse, inclusive community. We celebrate and respect all our students, regardless of how you identify. Check out our rainbow events, courses, and support options. You can also register as a rainbow student and send us feedback. Rainbow community UC strongly supports a diverse, inclusive community. We celebrate and respect all our students, regardless of how you identify. Check out our rainbow events, courses, and support options. You can also register as a rainbow student and send us feedback. Rainbow community Alumni 05 September 2023 UC is proud of our alumni and we honour the achievements of those who have studied with us. Our enduring relationships with alumni and friends are vital for UC's future. Stay connected to other alumni and the university through our extensive, active alumni network and check out the events and benefits available to UC alumni. Alumni UC is proud of our alumni and we honour the achievements of those who have studied with us. Our enduring relationships with alumni and friends are vital for UC's future. Stay connected to other alumni and the university through our extensive, active alumni network and check out the events and benefits available to UC alumni. Alumni chevron_left chevron_right Latest news See all news University to provide Special Olympics village 05 March 2024 Hundreds of Special Olympics athletes, volunteers and coaches will be housed by the University of Canterbury next year after a new partnership was agreed. University to provide Special Olympics village Hundreds of Special Olympics athletes, volunteers and coaches will be housed by the University of Canterbury next year after a new partnership was agreed. University to provide Special Olympics village Out of this world: NZ research to fly on ISS for first time 04 March 2024 In a historic first, University of Canterbury research experiments will soon orbit Earth in microgravity aboard the International Space Station (ISS). Out of this world: NZ research to fly on ISS for first time In a historic first, University of Canterbury research experiments will soon orbit Earth in microgravity aboard the International Space Station (ISS). Out of this world: NZ research to fly on ISS for first time International earthquake testing delivers stunning results for Kiwi innovations 04 March 2024 Real-life earthquake testing on three-storey buildings in one of the world’s biggest earthquake laboratories has delivered stunning results and endorsements for New Zealand engineering solutions. International earthquake testing delivers stunning results for Kiwi innovations Real-life earthquake testing on three-storey buildings in one of the world’s biggest earthquake laboratories has delivered stunning results and endorsements for New Zealand engineering solutions. International earthquake testing delivers stunning results for Kiwi innovations Pandemic put Antarctic research on ice 04 March 2024 Covid-19 had a profound impact on scientific research, tourism and policy-making in Antarctica, new Canterbury-led research has found. Pandemic put Antarctic research on ice Covid-19 had a profound impact on scientific research, tourism and policy-making in Antarctica, new Canterbury-led research has found. Pandemic put Antarctic research on ice Pacific voice recognised for prestigious NZ award 23 February 2024 The 2024 University of Canterbury Young New Zealander of the Year Award Te Mātātahi o te Tau finalists have been announced as part of the Kiwibank New Zealander of the Year Awards. Pacific voice recognised for prestigious NZ award The 2024 University of Canterbury Young New Zealander of the Year Award Te Mātātahi o te Tau finalists have been announced as part of the Kiwibank New Zealander of the Year Awards. Pacific voice recognised for prestigious NZ award UC Chancellor reappointed 19 February 2024 Hon Amy Adams has been reappointed as Tumu Kaunihera | Chancellor of Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha | University of Canterbury (UC) for an additional two years. UC Chancellor reappointed Hon Amy Adams has been reappointed as Tumu Kaunihera | Chancellor of Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha | University of Canterbury (UC) for an additional two years. UC Chancellor reappointed IIT-Delhi Fellowships awarded to University of Canterbury researchers 19 February 2024 Te Whare Wānanga of Waitaha | University of Canterbury (UC) academics have been awarded two of four inaugural IIT-Delhi India-New Zealand Centre Fellowships. IIT-Delhi Fellowships awarded to University of Canterbury researchers Te Whare Wānanga of Waitaha | University of Canterbury (UC) academics have been awarded two of four inaugural IIT-Delhi India-New Zealand Centre Fellowships. IIT-Delhi Fellowships awarded to University of Canterbury researchers Japan bound: UC’s first global internship course 19 February 2024 Seven UC students are in northern Japan on a new international internship course - a four-week enriching work and cultural experience. Japan bound: UC’s first global internship course Seven UC students are in northern Japan on a new international internship course - a four-week enriching work and cultural experience. Japan bound: UC’s first global internship course New book shares Dame Anna Crighton’s inspiring story 19 February 2024 Dame Anna Crighton, a steadfast defender of Christchurch's heritage, shares her unexpected life journey, developing resilience in the face of adversity. New book shares Dame Anna Crighton’s inspiring story Dame Anna Crighton, a steadfast defender of Christchurch's heritage, shares her unexpected life journey, developing resilience in the face of adversity. New book shares Dame Anna Crighton’s inspiring story chevron_left chevron_right close Close Privacy Preferences By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Accept all Decline all Cookies policy Back to top expand_less Find it Contact us Academic schools and departments Jobs and careers Maps Policies Service departments IT logins and tools Communities Do it Admission and enrolment Donating to UC Library Partnering with UC Raise a concern Support and wellbeing Work at UC Study it Qualifications Subjects Arts Business Education Engineering Health Law and Criminal Justice Science Tools AKO | LEARN myUC Library IT self-service portal Student email and Office 365 Timetable planner Staff intranet Latest News Events 150 years General enquiries 0800 827 748 (within NZ) +64 3 369 3999 info@canterbury.ac.nz International enquiries +64 3 364 3443 Ask a question More contact details See all contacts Emergency contact details Ext: 92111 (from a campus landline) Direct dial: 0800 823 637 Emergency information Copyright Privacy Cookies declaration Payment data University of Canterbury | A Fair Trade University