Skills You Need - Helping You Develop Life Skills Shop Our Blog Contact Us PERSONALSKILLS PERSONAL SKILLS Personal Development Career Management Skills Personal Skills for the Mind Stress and Stress Management Assertiveness Living Well, Living Ethically Caring for Your Body Anger and Aggression E-BOOKS Our eBooks:The Skills You Need Guide to Life The Skills You Need Guide to Personal Development The Skills You Need Guide to Stress and Stress Management INTERPERSONALSKILLS INTERPERSONAL SKILLS SUB-SECTIONS Communication Skills Emotional Intelligence Conflict Resolution and Mediation Skills SUB-SECTIONS Team-Working, Groups and Meetings Decision-Making and Problem-Solving Negotiation and Persuasion Skills QUIZ Take the:Interpersonal Skills Self-Assessment E-BOOKS Our eBooks:The Skills You Need Guide to Interpersonal Skills Guide to Personal and Romantic Relationships LEADERSHIPSKILLS LEADERSHIP SKILLS SUB-SECTIONS Understanding Leadership Planning and Organising Skills SUB-SECTIONS Leading People Change Management QUIZ Take the:What Sort of Leader are You? Quiz E-BOOKS Our eBooks:The Skills You Need Guide to Leadership Business Strategy and Analysis Self-Employment and Running Your Own Business LEARNINGSKILLS LEARNING SKILLS SUB-SECTIONS Study Skills Writing a Dissertation or Thesis SUB-SECTIONS Research Methods Teaching, Coaching, Mentoring and Counselling E-BOOKS Our eBooks:The Skills You Need Guide for Students Guide to Coaching and Mentoring PRESENTATIONSKILLS PRESENTATION SKILLS SUB-SECTIONS What is a Presentation? Top Tips for Effective Presentations SUB-SECTIONS Coping with Presentation Nerves Giving a Speech WRITINGSKILLS WRITING SKILLS SUB-SECTIONS Grammar: An Introduction Common Mistakes in Writing SUB-SECTIONS Writing a CV or Résumé Writing a Covering Letter NUMERACYSKILLS NUMERACY SKILLS Money Management and Financial Skills Real-World Maths Introduction to Geometry Graphs and Charts QUIZ Take our:Numeracy Quiz E-BOOKS Our eBooks:The Skills You Need Guide to Numeracy PARENTINGSKILLS PARENTING SKILLS SUB-SECTIONS Pregnancy and Babies Toddlers and Young Children Parenting Teenagers SUB-SECTIONS Entertaining Children Learning and Developing Bullying PERSONAL SKILLS INTERPERSONAL SKILLS LEADERSHIP SKILLS WRITING SKILLS SKILLS YOU NEED Develop The Skills You Need For Life Sign up for yourregular newsletter: Subscribe You'll get our 5 free'One Minute Life Skills'and our weekly newsletter. Welcome. Here at SkillsYouNeed, we're passionate about providing high quality information and resources that help you learn and develop the skills you need to make the most of everyday life. Whether you're at work, a job seeker, student, teacher or parent, or just interested in developing your key skills, you will find plenty of information here about essential life skills. We hope that this information and these resources will help you to improve your personal and professional life. We also hope you find your visit rewarding and tell others about us. Finding the Skills You Need SkillsYouNeed is split into the eight distinct sections (see below). Or use our Search to find what you’re looking for: Personal Skills (182) A - Z List of Personal Skills Perhaps the most fundamental of all skills are those concerned with self-preservation - that is, staying healthy in both body and mind. This section of SkillsYouNeed covers some simple ideas that can help you maintain a healthy lifestyle. It also provides information to help you learn, such as The Importance of Mindset, and develop your character, for example, Learning to Use your Moral Compass and the basics of Emotional Intelligence. Ebooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Life The Skills You Need Guide to Personal Development The Skills You Need Guide to Stress and Stress Management Interpersonal Skills (135) A - Z List of Interpersonal Skills Interpersonal skills are the life skills we use every day to communicate and interact with other people, both individually and in groups. People who have worked on developing strong interpersonal skills are usually more successful in both their professional and personal lives. From Interpersonal Communication Skills, including Listening, through to Building Rapport and Persuasion, you should find all you need to improve your Interpersonal Skills. Ebooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Interpersonal Skills The Skills You Need Guide to Personal and Romantic Relationships Leadership Skills (94) A - Z List of Leadership Skills The ability to lead effectively is based on a number of key skills. These skills are highly sought by employers as they involve dealing with people in such a way as to motivate, enthuse and build respect. Our Leadership Skills section has both theory, for example, What is a Leader?, Leadership Styles and Ethical Leadership, and more practical information, such as Project Management Skills. Ebooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Leadership The Skills You Need Guide to Business Strategy and Analysis Self Employment and Running Your Own Business Learning Skills (74) A - Z List of Learning Skills Learning how to learn effectively is one of the most crucial skills in personal development. This section provides some theory on learning, including pages on Learning Styles and Lifelong Learning. Also the skills that you will need for studying, starting with our Study Skillspage, and for helping others to learn, including Coaching and Mentoring Skills. Ebooks: The Skills You Need Guide for Students The Skills You Need Guide to Coaching and Mentoring Presentation Skills (23) A - Z List of Presentation Skills Presenting information clearly and effectively is key to getting your message or opinion across and, today, presentation skills are required in almost every field. This section covers all you need to prepare and give great presentations, from What is a Presentation? to Overcoming Presentation Nerves. It also contains information about handling specialised presentations, such as Press Conferences and Lectures and Seminars. Writing Skills (50) A - Z List of Writing Skills Good writing skills allow you to communicate your message with clarity and ease to a far larger audience than through face-to-face or telephone conversations. This section is designed to provide the information that you need to communicate effectively in writing. It covers both basic writing skills, such as Spelling,Grammar, and Punctuation, and more advanced information such as Writing a Business Case or Preparing a Report. Numeracy Skills (80) A - Z List of Numeracy Skills Numeracy skills are not just for scientists, accountants and the tax man. Many professions require at least a basic level of understanding when it comes to numeracy and mathematics. This section is designed to help you develop or brush up on your basic and more advanced numeracy, from Addition and Subtraction, through to Fractions, Understanding Percentages, and Money Management and Financial Skills. Ebooks: The Skills You Need Guide to Numeracy Parenting Skills (66) A - Z List of Parenting Skills Parenting effectively is often described as one of the biggest challenges in life, as well as one of the most rewarding experiences. Our Parenting Skills pages are designed to help you through some of the ongoing challenges of everyday life with children both large and small, from Preparing for Parenthood, through Looking After Your Baby, to Entertaining Children and Toddlers and finally to Parenting Teenagers. Guest Posts Our user contribution section, Rhubarb, contains guest posts, articles and discussions written by you - our readers. Browse our library of guest posts and be inspired to contribute something yourself. Latest guest posts: Skills You Need to Stay Fit as a Busy Professional The Transformative Power of Soft Skills Development Soft Skills to Lower Taxes With AGI Quotes Snippets of wisdom from Skills You Need Charismatic people are both interesting, others want to listen to what they have to say, and interested, they want to listen to what others have to say. From our page:What is Charisma? Talking to others about problems is not only therapeutic but can help you see things from a different point of view, opening up more potential solutions. From our page:Problem Solving Skills People with higher emotional intelligence find it easier to form and maintain interpersonal relationships and to ‘fit in’ to group situations. Learn more on our page:Emotional Intelligence When thinking about your lifetime goals, make them challenging and exciting, base them on your strengths but make them relevant to you and ultimately achievable. From our page:Self Motivation TRENDING PAGES ON SKILLS YOU NEED BMI - BODY MASS INDEX What does your BMI tell you about yourself? Use our calculator to find out. From our Personal Skills section. NEGOTIATION SKILLS Learn more about negotiation and become a better negotiator at work and home. From our Interpersonal Skills section. LEADERSHIP STYLES Find out about the different styles of leadership - what sort of leader are you? From our Leadership Skills section. HOW TO WRITE A LETTER Is letter writing a dying art? Find out how to write a letter. From our Writing Skills section. PERCENTAGE CALCULATORS Need to work out some percentages? Use our calculators and examples to help. From our Numeracy Skills section. QUIZZES ON SKILLS YOU NEED Develop your skills with our interactive quizzes INTERPERSONAL SKILLS SELF ASSESSMENT Learn more about how good your interpersonal skills are and where you can improve. WHAT SORT OF LEADER ARE YOU? Discover your default leadership style, how to make the most of it and how to develop new leadership traits. TRENDING ON TWITTER Tweets by @skillsyouneed MEET THE TEAM We're a small team of avid lifelong learners who want to help others to learn and develop. Our aim with Skills You Need is to provide information that will help you, our readers, to develop their skills, and make the most of life. For more about us, see - Meet the Team Matthew Matthew is CEO and in charge of the day-to-day running of Skills You Need. Melissa Melissa is our head writer, with an MBA and previous experience in government. Jane Jane is experienced in education marketing and manages social media and guest posts. Paul Paul is an expert in personal development and a successful author and entrepreneur. GET IN TOUCH We want to hear from you. We are continuously developing the site and adding new content. If you cannot find what you are looking for, please let us know. You can get in touch with us via: Email Twitter Facebook or Subscribe to our newsletter ABOUT OUR CONTENT Our Mission Our mission is simple: "To help you lead a happier more fulfilling life and reach your potential." Our Content is Free All of our online content is free and we hope that you find it valuable. We also provide a selection of eBooks in our shop. We aim to provide quality, accessible help and advice about how you might go about developing key life skills and reaching your full potential. We appreciate your support and encouragement – thanks for visiting. Made in the UK We welcome thousands of visitors from around the world every day. We are a British website and use British spelling and measurement systems, although we try to use plain English and try to be as inclusive as possible for our international visitors. Continue to: Employability Skills | Digital Skills Stress Management Skills Personal Development See also: The Importance of Exercise | Delegation Skills | Positive Thinking Effective Speaking | Critical Thinking | Aromatherapy Subscribe to our Newsletter | Contact Us | About Us Search our content: © 2011 - 2023 SkillsYouNeed.com The use of material found at skillsyouneed.com is free provided that copyright is acknowledged and a reference or link is included to the page/s where the information was found. Material from skillsyouneed.com may not be sold, or published for profit in any form without express written permission from skillsyouneed.com. For information on how to reference correctly please see our page on referencing. TOP