New York State Department of Environmental Conservation Skip to main content Your browser does not support iFrames Department of Environmental Conservation Things To Do Things To Do There are many ways to experience New York’s great outdoors. Maybe you’ll get hooked on fishing or discover sleeping under the stars is the perfect way to spend a weekend. We have information for beginners up to the more advanced outdoor enthusiast. View All Outdoor Activities Camping Hiking Hunting Trapping Freshwater Fishing Saltwater Fishing Shellfishing Boating Paddling Watchable Wildlife Summer Camps Love Our New York Lands Adventure NY Places to Go Places to Go Looking for your next adventure? New York has more than 5 million acres, 7,000 lakes and streams, and 52,000 miles of rivers and streams for you to explore. Use our Places to Go search tool to find locations nearby for your favorite outdoor activity. Find Your Spot Find Places to Go Accessible Recreation Maps Wildlife Management Areas Tidal Wetland Areas Agencies That Manage Public Land Discounts For Outdoor Recreation Nature Nature New York is home to many animals and plant species – both native and invasive. Learn how we protect open space and reclaim land after mining is complete. Discover the water around you in lakes and rivers, wetlands, oceans, and underground. Learn About Nature Animals, Fish & Plants Invasive Species Forests & Trees Wildlife Health Nuisance Wildlife Report Dead Wildlife Waterbodies Open Space Environmental Protection Environmental Protection DEC protects the land, water, and air resources in New York. Whether it is addressing climate change effects, promoting responsible waste management, monitoring air quality, overseeing contaminated site clean-ups, or oil and gas mining monitoring, DEC is there to safeguard the environment; you can too by reporting environmental violations and problems. Ways to Protect Report a Problem Public Safety Wildfires Air Water Bulk Storage Recycling and Composting Waste Management Mining & Reclamation Site Cleanup Oil and Gas Pesticides Mercury Radiation Acid Rain Climate Change Facilities In Your Neighborhood Offshore Wind Development Help For Businesses Environmental Protection Fund (EPF) Regulatory Regulatory DEC uses policies and regulations to limit environmental impacts. We issue permits and licenses to individuals, municipalities, and corporations so they can comply with these regulations. Regulations and Enforcement Regulations Regulatory Agenda Guidance And Policy Documents Enforcement Hearings Permits, Licenses, and Registrations Find a Permit or License Permit Documentation For Notable Projects Natural Resource Damages (NRD) News News The Environmental Notice Bulletin lets you know about projects or regulations being proposed each week. Sign up for one of DEC’s many electronic newsletter topics or subscribe to the Conservationist, New York State’s award-winning nature magazine. Stay Informed Press Releases Environmental Notice Bulletin Conservationist Magazine DEC Delivers: Email Newsletters Storms & Alerts Get Involved Get Involved DEC sponsors events across New York including informational webinars, public meetings, and in-person environmental education sessions. Environmental justice programs address needs in disadvantaged communities and many grants are available for community groups and municipalities. See How You Can Get Involved Education Events Find a Form Environmental Justice Grant Applications Living the Green Life Public Participation HuntFishNY Mobile App Environmental Excellence Awards About About Passionate about the environment? Check our employment pages and come work for DEC. If you have a question, we are here to help so contact us using one of the roster or office pages on our site. Learn About DEC Contact Us Commissioner And Executive Team Boards And Commissions Employment Diversity And Inclusion Website Usage And Policies Accessibility For Persons With Disabilities UST Operator Exam State Agency Environmental Audit & MS4 Reports Doing Business With DEC Search Site Submit DEC Celebrates Women's History Month The National Women’s History Alliance has designated this year’s national theme for Women’s History Month as Women Who Advocate for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI). We celebrate the many women at DEC who work each day to better serve all New Yorkers. Learn More Top Home Print Share Email Facebook Twitter Translate Popular Activities Hunting Freshwater Fishing Camping Hiking Quick Links Column1 Buy a Hunting or Fishing License Take a Hunter Education Course Plan a Camping Trip Temporary Shellfishing Closures Column2 Report An Environmental Violation Or Problem Open Burning Ban (March 16 - May 14) Submit a FOIL Request DECinfo Locator Column1 Trending Topics Content Cards New Job Opportunities Working at a DEC camp is a great opportunity to gain practical skills while living in a beautiful setting. New job opportunities with increased eligibility have recently been added - Apply here! Ice Fishing Safety Safe ice should be your number one consideration when ice fishing. Ice thickness is not uniform on any body of water. Learn about Ice Safety here. Recycle Your Paint Thanks to convenient drop off sites, consumers now have a way to ensure the collection, reuse, and recycling of architectural paint. Find drop off locations here. Column2 What's New DEC Region 6 Closes Seasonal Access Roads and Associated Gates in Herkimer, Jefferson, Oneida, Lewis, and St. Lawrence Counties Mar 05, 2024 DEC to Hold Fisheries Outreach Meeting in Alexandria bay on March 14 Mar 01, 2024 DEC Now Accepting Applications for Annual Buffer in a Bag Program Mar 01, 2024 View All News Column1 Upcoming Events Five Rivers : Community Science: Winter Raptor Survey Mar. 05, 2024 04:30 pm EST Five Rivers Environmental Education Center Mar 05 New York State Virtual Public Hearing on American Eel Draft Addendum VII Mar. 05, 2024 06:00 pm EST Online / Virtual Mar 05 Growing Up WILD Mar. 06, 2024 06:00 pm EST Mar 06 View All Events Column2 How to Prepare for a Winter Hike Winter hikes can be lots of fun, but they can also be dangerous if you're not prepared. Before you head out into the snow, set yourself up for success by reviewing what gear to pack and how to prepare. Learn more about winter hiking safety here. DEC offers exciting opportunities for those looking to make a difference in environmental protection and natural resource management. Find a Career at DEC Subscribe to "DEC Delivers" Newsletters about your favorite environmental topic Subscribe to as many topics as you wish. We offer many topics to choose from that cover nearly every aspect of our work. Gov Delivery Form You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Email address This field is required. Topic Id - None -AdirondacksAir Quality (Air Mail! e-newsletter)Air Quality AlertsAmphibian Migrations and Road CrossingsBirdingBond Act UpdatesCatskillsClimate ChangeContract Opportunities and M/WBE SupportDrinking Water Source Protection Program (DWSP2)Employment and InternshipsEncuentre Su Aventura (Find Your Adventure - Spanish Edition)Environmental JusticeEnvironmental Notice BulletinFive Rivers EECForests, Plants, and Land ConservationFreshwater Fishing and Boating (The Fishing Line)Global - Blank IdGrant OpportunitiesGreat Lakes Funding, News & EventsGreen LivingHudson River AlmanacHudson River EstuaryHudson River Estuary Conservation and Land UseInvasive SpeciesOutdoor Discovery e-NewsletterPesticidesReinstein Woods EECSaltwater Fishing and BoatingShellfishingWastewater OperatorsWildlife, Fish, and Marine LifeCamping, Wildlife Viewing, and Hiking (Find Your Adventure)Hunting and TrappingSolid Waste and RecyclingMaking Waves Leave this field blank Department of Environmental Conservation Quick Links About DEC Hunting & Fishing Licenses DECinfo Locator Events Calendar Press Releases Employment Apply for a Grant Help Center Contact Us Accessibility Assistance Language Assistance PDF Help Help for Businesses Doing Business with DEC Resources Website and Usage Policies Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Law FOIL Donate Subscribe to DEC's Conservationist MagazineConservationist is packed with informative articles, first-rate photography and stunning artwork.Subscribe Connect With Us Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube FLICKR Your browser does not support iFrames Translation Services This page is available in other languages Translate English Español 中文 繁體中文 Русский יידיש বাংলা 한국어 Kreyòl Ayisyen Italiano العربية Polski Français اردو