What browser? My browser? Is my browser out of date? WhatIsMyBrowser.com My browser Guides Clear Cache Detect my settings Tools Your web browser is: Unknown browser Your web browser's unique URL: This feature isn't available for your web browser at the moment. Your Web Browser's Settings: Now that you know what browser you're using, here is a list of your web browser's settings. This information can be helpful when you're trying to solve problems using the internet. Is JavaScript enabled? No - JavaScript is not enabled How to enable JavaScript Are Cookies enabled? Could not be detected because Javascript is disabled How to enable Cookies Are Third-Party Cookies enabled? Could not be detected because Javascript is disabled How to enable third-party cookies Having problems? If you clear your cache it can help. Learn how. More info about your system: Now you've seen your web browser's basic settings about JavaScript and Cookies, here is a list of more technical information about your web browser and device. Most of these aren't really settings that you can change, they're general bits of information about the device you're using to access the internet. Click on each item below to find out more about it, including what it means, and in some cases we've got instructions for how you can change it too. Your referrer We couldn't tell where you came from. Either you typed whatismybrowser.com in directly, you came from a website that doesn't pass referrers, or you're using a browser extension that hides your referrer. Find out more: What is my referrer? WiFi Details What is my WiFi? Discover your Access Point, WiFi channel and more. IP Address This is your public IP Address. 42.114.151.67 Your IP Address can identify you online. Use a VPN to help stay private and secure. Local IP Address The local IP Address of your computer on your network. Could not be detected because Javascript is disabled Detection blocked by your web browser Detect your local IP manually Location Your IP address can reveal your location. Hanoi, Vietnam, Earth (Approximate) Internet Service Provider This appears to be the company providing your internet connection FPT Telecom Company Our best guess Internet speed How fast is your internet connection? Test your internet speed Use this tool to test how fast your internet connection is Computer screen The resolution and color depth of your screen. Could not be detected because Javascript is disabled Browser Window size Including your toolbars. Could not be detected because Javascript is disabled Resize your browser to see this change Do Not Track setting Ask websites to not track you. Do Not Track is disabled or not supported Detected Addons We have detected these extra addons. Using TOR? Are you using The Onion Router network? No It doesn't look like your traffic is coming from a TOR exit node Confused by this info readout? Here's some help! How did we find all this information about your browser out? How can I use this detection on my own site? Clear cache & history Do I need to clear my cache? Not sure why you've been asked to clear your cache? We can explain. Why you need to clear your cache What is a cache? Before you consider clearing your browser cache, you should know what it is! Learn a little bit about browser caches Is it safe to clear my cache? Are there any risks to clearing your cache? Find out if it's ok to clear your cache Read more about clearing cache... Update my web browser Why should I update my browser? There are very good reasons to, find out here! Why update your browser? Is it free to update Chrome? Find out about the cost of updating Chrome... Does Chrome cost anything? What does "Update browser" mean? What does it actually mean? What does it mean to update your browser Read more about updating your browser... Related articles I can't log in to a website. We've got a detailed guide to help you solve login problems How to fix website log in problems Why do websites use cookies? Why are cookies useful? Do you need them? What's the deal with cookies? How to update your browser Old software puts you at risk. Keep your browser fresh and up to date Clear Cache, Cookies and History How to reset your browsing history How to reset your browser Try a different web browser Different web browsers have different features - try a different one to see if you prefer it. Experiment a bit! Use a VPN to hide your IP address We recommend NordVPN to hide your IP address or to unblock websites. Hide your IP Address Get help with our guides How to enable JavaScript Change your JavaScript settings Guide to enabling Javascript How to enable Cookies Configure your cookie settings for privacy Guide to enabling cookies What Browser? Help with problems on the internet. This website - WhatIsMyBrowser.com - tells you what browser and version you have, the type of device you are using, which operating system you're using, and your settings for important things such as JavaScript and Cookies. When someone is troubleshooting a problem with you, it's very useful for them to know all the technical details about your system - it can narrow down where the problem might be and help ensure that you have all the required software. This website saves you all the complicated steps to figuring out what versions of software you have, what features you have enabled & whether your web browser is up to date and let you focus on solving your problem. If you're missing some important bit of software, we have a whole list of guides which can help you do things like enable javascript, update your web browser or try a different web browser. Having problems with your computer or phone? You can clear cache or enable cookies in your browser, both of which can help. If you're curious, you can find out things like the latest version of Chrome or what version of Firefox do I have? Email your web browser info to tech support Use this form to send the technical details of your web browser and computer to your IT Support team. We're sorry, our systems have detected a problem with your IP address and won't allow you to send emails using this system. Have a nice day :) Your web browser's technical details: Here is a more detailed read out of some technical information about your system. Browser version (full) Operating System version (full) Configured Languages Your web browser's user agent: This next bit of detection is your user agent string - it is a technical bit of information that your web browser sends every time you load any website; we have decoded it to figure out what browser, operating system and device you are using. Mozilla/5.0 Are you a developer or sysadmin who needs help parsing this User Agent? We have an API and it's the best user agent parsing API on the net. And if you need the latest version numbers for web browsers via API, we've got you covered as well! Read this page in a different language English français Deutsch español Português Slovensky Guides Clear Cache, History and Cookies Search whatismybrowser.com Guides about the Internet Why update my browser? Tools Use our IFrame on your site User agent parser Send browser info via email Minimum System Requirements Developers Latest user agents User Agent Parsing API Explore User Agents Frequently Asked Questions Connect About Us Contact Us Status Media Kit Other languages What is my browser? Quel est mon navigateur ? Was ist mein Browser? ¿Cual es mi navegador? Qual é o meu navegador? Aký mám prehliadač? Accessibility Statement WhatIsMyBrowser.com © 2010 - 2024. Legal