Buy. Park. Sell. Domains | Sedo - World's leading Domain marketplace Showcase Domains Auctions ending soon Top Domains Learn more Learn more Learn more Sedo is perfect for Domain Buyers ... Companies and startups searching for their ideal web address Building an online presence for new products Domain acquisition for brand protection Investing in valuable domain names Concise internet domains for marketing and specific campaigns Sedo for domain buyers ... and Domain Sellers Turning unused web addresses into money Using a Broker to market premium domains Earning money with Domain Parking Professional trading of internet domains Launching a new domain extension/Top Level Domain (gTLD) Sedo for domain sellers Trustpilot Sedo End User Case Study Desktop.com "This particular domain is unique to the service I plan to launch. People can immediately identify what type of service is behind such a name. Sedo was instrumental in structuring the legal framework and installment plan for this deal. I had no doubts this would go as smoothly as it did." Rolf Larsen, CEO Read the full story HOW IT WORKS A quick overview of how Sedo works How do I find a domain? Sedo brings together sellers from all over the world, offering you over 19 million entries for the best and largest selection of domains for sale. Smart search function to pinpoint exactly the domain you are looking for Browse our extensive domain catalog Take a look at current market news and trends Whether you need a domain for personal or business use, visit Sedo to find just what you are looking for! How do I buy a domain? Buying domains is quick and easy, just like buying anything else on the Internet. Buy domains at a fixed price, in an auction, or in anonymous negotiations. Your personal Sedo expert will assist you with the secure payment process afterward. Then our service team will transfer your new domain to your desired registrar within just a few days. That’s it! You can get started with your domain right away. How much does it cost? With over 18 million domains, we have something to fit any budget. The higher the domain’s value, the higher the price. Domain prices start at USD 20, with no upper limit. Many domains are sold at prices of less than USD 2,500. Negotiate quickly and anonymously if the seller has not stated a fixed price. Take a look at our case studies to learn why domains are so valuable. Global market leader As a neutral marketplace with 19+ years of experience, we provide services for anything and everything to do with domains: With 2 million customers from more than 150 countries, we are the first address worldwide for everyone wanting to buy domains, sell them themselves, or park them. Our employees feel at home in all of the world's key markets and are fluent in more than 25 languages supporting you in today's multicultural business world. Secure purchase Simple, quick, and safe methods of payment are available through Sedo. You can choose from a variety of payment options. We offer a neutral account for payment procedures to ensure secure handling of your payments. At the same time, we will support you with the smooth transfer of your new domain to a registrar of your choice. Sedo is also a certified member of BBB and TRUSTe. Individual consultation Is the domain you want not for sale? Are you short on time? Do you not speak the language of the domain seller? Then our domain brokerage service is a perfect solution. Let us contact the owner for you and negotiate on your behalf. Our professional brokers will ensure that you remain anonymous and acquire your desired domain at the best possible price! We can also advise you on your domain strategy and on the marketing of your domains. More about Sedo News about the company and the domain market About Sedo Everything worth knowing about Sedo. Market trends Current happenings in trading, informational graphics, trends and expert opinions Additional information Case Studies Many companies have already profited from better domains. Read about how and why. FAQs Find answers to the most frequently asked questions here