Physics Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community Physics help chat Physics Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question quantum-mechanicshomework-and-exercisesnewtonian-mechanicselectromagnetismthermodynamicsgeneral-relativityquantum-field-theoryspecial-relativityforcesclassical-mechanics more tags Active 5 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 1 answer 329 views Magnetic field on an arbitrary point ON a Current Loop magnetostatics CommunityBot 1 modified 15 mins ago 21 votes 6 answers 4k views When a bus goes around a corner, does the person sitting at the back travel further distance than the person sitting at the front? kinematicseveryday-lifegeometry Lawnmower Man 2,356 answered 20 mins ago -2 votes 2 answers 31 views How does a seatbelt help in a car crash? velocitycollisionspeed trula 6,081 answered 23 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 17 views Getting different values using energy principle and momentum principle homework-and-exercisesnewtonian-mechanicsenergy-conservation Vincent Thacker 6,841 modified 33 mins ago 4 votes 4 answers 2k views Olbers Paradox Solution cosmologyastronomystarsgalaxies pygosceles 127 answered 52 mins ago 1 vote 5 answers 78 views The car has maximum power, why not maximum force? homework-and-exercisesnewtonian-mechanicsforcesenergypower Vincent Thacker 6,841 modified 54 mins ago 5 votes 5 answers 2k views The inner workings of the Olbers paradox cosmologyspacetimeuniverse pygosceles 127 modified 1 hour ago 16 votes 3 answers 6k views How to obtain the explicit form of Green's function of the Klein-Gordon equation? homework-and-exercisesquantum-field-theorygreens-functionsklein-gordon-equationpropagator Sara R. 31 modified 1 hour ago 1 vote 2 answers 187 views Are dual bases and the Hodge dual "entirely distinct" uses of the word "dual", as per MTW? general-relativitydifferential-geometrytensor-calculusdefinitionduality CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 1 vote 1 answer 51 views Don't all objects that collapse have an apparent event horizon and so Hawking radiates? black-holesevent-horizonhawking-radiationqft-in-curved-spacetimeunruh-effect Níckolas Alves 17.2k answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 13 views Transition to Neutron Star cosmologygravitymatter Mark Swartz 35 asked 1 hour ago -1 votes 1 answer 37 views Nature of a superposition of states: is it true or only theoretical? quantum-mechanicselectronsquantum-spinsuperposition DrChinese 946 answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 18 views Simulating the helium atom using the schroedinger equation numerically? atomic-physicsschroedinger-equationcomputational-physicssimulations Teo Tyrov 1 asked 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views NPN BJT transistor large signal model semiconductor-physics Qwe Boss 1 modified 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Why most planets remain within a few degrees from the ecliptic? Can 混む and 込む be used interchangeably to mean "to be crowded?" Wide equations have too much vertical space above them Where does it say it’s not about the job but rather it’s the merits? Can DOS make use of more than 640 KB of conventional memory on 80186? Did SCOTUS have the authority to rule on McConnell's refusal to allow Obama to fill a SCOTUS vacancy? Can my employer reverse last year’s payroll and put the money towards my 401K Prunes or Cleanses in John 15:1-4 ESV? Measure very small current with Arduino? Great battles in the history of mathematics Can mountains form in rings? Using the Eichler-Selberg Trace formula to compute class numbers? Code for an application that replaces semicolons in a file with Greek question marks How do you find out if you need a permit for a crane near a local airport in Seymore Indiana? Abortion debate - is it unjustified for me to communicate my feelings regarding abortion decisions? Blown out tyre on pushchair not sitting correctly Do 1.5% of lithium-ion batteries overheat, explode, or catch fire each year? Abortion Debate - Should we teach abstinence to adolescents as a preventive measure of unwanted pregnancy? How to stop mapping on true results for large lists? Does this allude to Oscar Wilde's The Selfish Giant? Tapping or clicking sound coming from the floor... when central air conditioning or heating comes on? Can larger antennas damage an HT radio? Do a majority of European countries accept LGBTI+ asylum seekers? Usage of ese/esa/eso with implied gender more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Physics Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.5.5707