The Moscow Times We have been named 'foreign agents.' Your support will help us fight back Contribute Today Support The Moscow Times! Contribute today My account Signout × Sections Home Ukraine War News Opinion Business Arts and Life Podcasts Galleries Newsletters TMT Lecture Series Archive Multimedia projects Mothers & Daughters Generation P News Ukraine War Climate Regions Business Opinion Arts and Life Podcasts Archive RU My account Signout Support The Moscow Times! Contribute today Ukraine Says Destroyed Russian Patrol Ship in Annexed Crimea naval strike Ukraine's military said the Sergei Kotov “underwent damage to the stern, starboard and port sides” when it was attacked by waterborne drones. 1 Min read Russia Imprisoned My Friend, Oleg Orlov, For Telling It Like It Is opinion He could have left the country, and many insisted he should have done. But that’s not his style. Oleg has always been a rebel with a cause. 6 Min read Inaugural ‘Games of the Future’ Fail to Undo Moscow’s International Isolation Experts called the games “an attempt by Putin’s inner circle to show him…that everything in Russia is like before and even better.” 4 Min read 'unsanctioned protests' Moscow Police Detain 4 Navalny Mourners Days After Funeral Two of the people taken into police custody on Tuesday had already been detained on Feb. 17 at a makeshift memorial to the late activist. 1 Min read infrastructure strike Ukraine Attacks Oil Depot in Russian Border Region Kyiv has ramped up drone attacks on Russia's energy industry in the past three months. 2 Min read diplomatic firestorm What We Know About Leaked German Army Audio Recording The recording has caused a diplomatic firestorm, with Russia declaring it proves direct involvement of Western countries in the conflict in Ukraine. 3 Min read recalled diplomat Russia Issues Arrest Warrant for Ex-Ukrainian Ambassador to Kazakhstan The case against Pyotr Vrublevsky is linked to remarks he made in 2022, saying that Ukrainian soldiers should “kill as many Russians as possible.” 1 Min read 'climate of impunity' 43 Countries Demand International Probe Into Navalny's Death "Mr. Navalny's unexpected and shocking death is yet another sign of the accelerating and systematic repression in Russia," the EU ambassador said. 2 Min read 'scope of control' St. Petersburg Boosts Security Measures Amid Drone Strikes A drone crashed into an apartment building on the north side of the city over the weekend, causing an explosion that injured eight people. 2 Min read TMT Weekly Newsletter Our editors take you through the biggest Russia stories as featured in The Moscow Times. Preview Subscribe Subscribers agree to the Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up! opinion Lana Estemirova Russia Imprisoned My Friend, Oleg Orlov, For Telling It Like It Is 6 Min read Dankhayaa Khovalyg Navalny’s Difficult Relationship With Indigenous Russians 8 Min read Stanislav Shakirov What Should Russians Do If VPNs Are Banned? 5 Min read Oleg Orlov ‘Our Country Is Sinking Into Darkness’: Oleg Orlov’s Final Word in Court 5 Min read Boris Bondarev After Navalny, What Next For Russia’s Opposition? 7 Min read Elena Davlikanova After 10 Years of War, Ukraine’s Allies Lack Critical Survival Instinct 5 Min read 342 Days since former MT reporter Evan Gershkovich was arrested in Russia Editor's Pick new trial ‘I Believe in a Better Future’: Rights Veteran Oleg Orlov on His 2.5-Year Sentence for Opposing Ukraine War The co-chair of Memorial was fined in October for “discrediting” the army. But prosecutors requested his fine be converted to real jail time. 4 Min read Editor's Pick interview Marina Litvinenko: Yulia Navalnaya Must Find Her Own Voice The activist and widow of Alexander Litvinenko also voiced frustration with Britain’s unwillingness to free Vladimir Kara-Murza in a prisoner swap. 3 Min read Editor's Pick In depth All Roads Lead to Chechnya: How Chechen Authorities Return Escapees With Impunity Chechens attempting to escape persecution in their home region face an increasingly perilous situation, activists say. 5 Min read Editor's Pick In depth Black Sky, Gray Snow: Decades of Air Pollution Leave Siberia's Krasnoyarsk Struggling to Breathe “I have been living in Krasnoyarsk since birth, and I am generally adapted to life here. But lately, even I cannot bear it,” one resident said. 7 Min read Editor's Pick In depth 2 Years Into Ukraine War, Russia’s Ethnic Minorities Disproportionately Killed in Battle “In one generation these nations will simply disappear,” said the scientist leading research into Russia's wartime losses. 5 Min read Editor's Pick interview Boris Nadezhdin: 'I Learned from Navalny's Mistakes' The pro-peace presidential hopeful who was blocked from next month's vote told MT he still believes that change in Russia must come through elections. 5 Min read Editor's Pick growing resentment Despite Kremlin's Calls for National Unity, War Is Dividing Russians For most Russians, their country’s two-year war with Ukraine has long faded into the background of everyday life. 5 Min read Just in March 5, 2024 Moscow Police Detain 4 Navalny Mourners Days After Funeral March 5, 2024 Kidnap, Lies, and Propaganda: Documentary Film 'Ukraine’s Stolen Children' Comes to London March 5, 2024 Ukraine Attacks Oil Depot in Russian Border Region March 5, 2024 Ukraine Says Destroyed Russian Patrol Ship in Annexed Crimea March 4, 2024 Inaugural ‘Games of the Future’ Fail to Undo Moscow’s International Isolation March 4, 2024 Russia Imprisoned My Friend, Oleg Orlov, For Telling It Like It Is March 4, 2024 43 Countries Demand International Probe Into Navalny's Death 342 Days since former MT reporter Evan Gershkovich was arrested in Russia Editor's Pick new trial ‘I Believe in a Better Future’: Rights Veteran Oleg Orlov on His 2.5-Year Sentence for Opposing Ukraine War The co-chair of Memorial was fined in October for “discrediting” the army. But prosecutors requested his fine be converted to real jail time. 4 Min read Editor's Pick interview Marina Litvinenko: Yulia Navalnaya Must Find Her Own Voice The activist and widow of Alexander Litvinenko also voiced frustration with Britain’s unwillingness to free Vladimir Kara-Murza in a prisoner swap. 3 Min read Editor's Pick In depth All Roads Lead to Chechnya: How Chechen Authorities Return Escapees With Impunity Chechens attempting to escape persecution in their home region face an increasingly perilous situation, activists say. 5 Min read Editor's Pick In depth Black Sky, Gray Snow: Decades of Air Pollution Leave Siberia's Krasnoyarsk Struggling to Breathe “I have been living in Krasnoyarsk since birth, and I am generally adapted to life here. But lately, even I cannot bear it,” one resident said. 7 Min read Editor's Pick In depth 2 Years Into Ukraine War, Russia’s Ethnic Minorities Disproportionately Killed in Battle “In one generation these nations will simply disappear,” said the scientist leading research into Russia's wartime losses. 5 Min read Editor's Pick interview Boris Nadezhdin: 'I Learned from Navalny's Mistakes' The pro-peace presidential hopeful who was blocked from next month's vote told MT he still believes that change in Russia must come through elections. 5 Min read Editor's Pick growing resentment Despite Kremlin's Calls for National Unity, War Is Dividing Russians For most Russians, their country’s two-year war with Ukraine has long faded into the background of everyday life. 5 Min read Follow us: Photos and Videos let's get phygital In Photos: Russia's First-Ever 'Games of the Future' memorial service Navalny Mourners Share Their Thoughts on Late Activist final goodbye In Photos: Alexei Navalny's Farewell Service Early voting In Photos: Residents of Remote Areas Start Voting in Russia's Presidential Election In depth rights violations All Roads Lead to Chechnya: How Chechen Authorities Return Escapees With Impunity Chechens attempting to escape persecution in their home region face an increasingly perilous situation, activists say. 5 Min read toxic smog Black Sky, Gray Snow: Decades of Air Pollution Leave Siberia's Krasnoyarsk Struggling to Breathe “I have been living in Krasnoyarsk since birth, and I am generally adapted to life here. But lately, even I cannot bear it,” one resident said. 7 Min read mood in voronezh In a Russian City Near the Ukrainian Border, Life Teeters Between War and Normalcy In Voronezh, Moscow’s war on Kyiv has quietly seeped into everyday life over the past two years even as residents seek to maintain a sense of normalcy... 5 Min read 'these nations will disappear' 2 Years Into Ukraine War, Russia’s Ethnic Minorities Disproportionately Killed in Battle “In one generation these nations will simply disappear,” said the scientist leading research into Russia's wartime losses. 5 Min read dispatch from kamyanka In a Liberated Ukrainian Village, a Long, Dangerous Path to Reconstruction Remains A couple from Kamyanka, one of many Ukrainian villages leveled during Russia's invasion, is working to rebuild their home and their life. 7 Min read Most read 1 sabotage attack Rail Traffic in Russia's Samara Region Suspended After Bridge Explosion 2 mourning supporters Kremlin 'Has Nothing to Say' About Large Crowds at Navalny Gravesite 3 diplomatic firestorm What We Know About Leaked German Army Audio Recording 4 'intercepted' talks Germany Denies Moscow Summoned Ambassador Over Leaked Audio 5 'full investigation' Canada Sanctions 6 Russians Over Navalny Death More in depth climate step backward 5 Ways the Ukraine War Hindered Environmental Progress in Russia While many of Russia’s environmental policies and agencies remain in place, sanctions and a crackdown on civil society have curtailed the state’s ability... 3 Min read intersecting interests How Navalny Helped Spotlight Climate and Environmental Issues in Russia In addition to fighting corruption, Navalny and his team gave attention to environmental problems at a time when other political actors ignored them. 5 Min read academy of sciences Forest Destruction From Wildfires in Russia's North Tripled Since 2002 – Study An average of more than 1.2 million hectares of Russia’s northern forests were ravaged by wildfires each year between 2012 and 2021. 2 Min read In depth How Will Russia's Regions Bear the Brunt of Climate Crisis? A new study examines which of Russia's regions will suffer the heaviest economic toll from heat waves, water stress, wildfires and permafrost melting. 6 Min read More climate Business opec+ alliance Russia to Cut Oil Output by 471,000 Bpd in 2Q24 Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak said Moscow will reduce its output by 350,000 bpd in April, 400,000 bpd in May and 471,000 bpd in June. 2 Min read crude cut-off Bulgaria Ends Russian Oil Imports Bulgaria is historically close to Moscow and was almost entirely dependent on Russian oil and gas imports before Moscow's full-scale invasion. 1 Min read power provider Finland’s Fortum Seeks Compensation for Seized Russian Assets The energy firm said it was seeking “several billions of euros” in compensation from Russia over the asset grab. 1 Min read More business arts and life victims of war Kidnap, Lies, and Propaganda: Documentary Film 'Ukraine’s Stolen Children' Comes to London Nearly 20,000 Ukrainian children are missing and presumed being held in Russia. 4 Min read weekend kitchen Goulash, Ragu, Stew and the Problem of Soviet Meat There was a good reason why Soviet citizens loved goulash. 5 Min read the word's worth 'Judge Righteously; Show Mercy to One Another' The language of funerals in Russia. 4 Min read digital tourism Quietly Take Queer Tours Through Moscow and St. Petersburg With a pair of earphones, Russia's LBGTQ+ community can safely feel part of a larger history. 3 Min read More Arts and Life the new diaspora podcast Russian Comedians Look for Laughter in Exile Comedians Ilya Ovechkin and Denis Chuzhoy join us to discuss how they've adapted to life in exile, both personally and in their comedy. 1 Min read 'parallel world' Russian Entrepreneurship in Serbia Booms as Wartime Emigres Settle Down Russians registered some 9,000 new businesses in Serbia by the end of 2023, a number that is set to grow in 2024. Serbians have mixed feelings. 4 Min read pushed away Eyeing Anti-Kremlin Exiles, Russia Tightens Rules on Voting Abroad Those hoping to vote from abroad will face a reduction in polling places and an inability to vote online — while political dissidents run greater risks... 4 Min read coordinated effort 'Rare Moment of Unity': Russian Diaspora Collects Signatures for Pro-Peace Presidential Hopeful For the Russians who fled abroad after the invasion of Ukraine, Boris Nadezhdin's campaign offers a rare chance for their voices to be heard. 5 Min read More the new diaspora The Moscow Times About us Privacy Policy Privacy Manager Podcasts Videos Galleries Newsletters Archive Follow us Media Partners Faridaily Coda Story Eurasianet The Bell The Eurasian Climate Brief Carnegie Endowment © The Moscow Times, all rights reserved.