Home - GIS Geography Skip to content Analysis Career Datasets Mapping Sensors Software US Maps World Atlas Search Toggle Menu Search Learn GIS and Geography Want to learn GIS? How about geography? You’ve come to the right place. ANALYSIS CAREER DATASETS MAPPING SENSORS SOFTWARE US MAPS WORLD ATLAS Remote Sensing LiDAR vs. Photogrammetry: A Guide to Mapping Technologies LiDAR vs photogrammetry – What’s the difference? LiDAR uses lasers to measure distances. Photogrammetry uses photos from different angles. Read More LiDAR vs. Photogrammetry: A Guide to Mapping TechnologiesContinue Digital Mapping: Paper Maps to Computer CartographyBest Dashboards for MappingTriangular Irregular Network (TIN)BlackSky vs Planet vs Maxar – 10 Differences in Technology US Map Collection Reference Major cities, highways, and water features. Landmarks Major landmarks including national parks, forests, and things to do. Administration Administrative areas such as counties, parishes, and boroughs. Lakes and Rivers Hydrographic features for lakes, rivers, and oceans. AnalysisCareerDatasetsMappingSensorsSoftware GIS Analysis GeoAI: Artificial Intelligence in Geography Imagine if your GIS was not just a know-it-all but also a learn-it-all, constantly figuring out the world. Welcome to the world of GeoAI. GIS Analysis What’s the Difference Between Hexagon Binning and Rectangular Binning? We explain the differences between hexagon binning and rectangular binning, as well as provide examples of both with tessellation. GIS Analysis AI Maps: Is This Our Future? Are AI maps inevitable in GIS? AI and its impacts on the GIS industry are overblown. We explore how AI will penetrate our industry. GIS Analysis Digitizing Tips: 15 Must-Know Editing Tools in ArcGIS Pro This article will highlight our 15 favorite editing tools in ArcGIS Pro. It will showcase their functionality and how to digitize GIS data. GIS Analysis Legends Tutorial in ArcGIS Pro This tutorial includes a video and step-by-step instructions so you can follow along exactly how we grapple with map legends in ArcGIS Pro. GIS Analysis Unsupervised Classification in Remote Sensing Unsupervised classification is a technique in remote sensing that clusters pixels within a satellite or aerial image into distinct classes. GIS Career Digital Mapping: Paper Maps to Computer Cartography We used to draw maps by hand on paper. Now, we use digital mapping to make maps. Some call this process “computer cartography”. GIS Career 5 Key Skills in GIS: A Guide for New Professionals Are you new to GIS and looking to get started in the field? With the right GIS skills, you can succeed and carve out a geospatial career. GIS Career 7 GIS Internships To Kickstart Your Career GIS internships provide a great opportunity for students and graduates to develop their skills and explore career paths in the GIS industry. GIS Career What’s the Difference Between CAD and GIS? CAD (Computer-Aided Design) and GIS (Geographic Information Systems) are software tools used to create digital models of the physical world. GIS Career Best of GISGeography.com in 2023 At the end of every year, we countdown our top 10 pieces of content for what you like most. Here’s what tops the list with our “best of 2023”. GIS Career Is the IBM Data Science Certificate Worth It? In this article, you’ll learn about the value of the IBM Data Science Professional Certificate and the top 10 reasons why you should get it. Data Sources Triangular Irregular Network (TIN) A Triangular Irregular Network (TIN) is a way to represent a 3D surface. They can show complex surfaces such as slopes and elevation. Data Sources 7 Aerial Imagery and Photography Sources (Free and Paid) Explore the world from new heights with aerial imagery. In this article, you’ll learn about our top seven sources of aerial photographs. Data Sources HydroSHEDS GIS Data For Water Management HydroSHEDS is a free GIS data source (sub-basins, rivers, lakes, waterfalls, and more) for water resources management and decision-making. Data Sources Free UAV & Drone Imagery in Geospatial Format These 3 unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) data platforms provide us with access to high-quality and free drone imagery in geospatial format. Data Sources 5 Live Satellite Maps to See Earth in Real-Time From near real-time satellite views to live feeds, this article aims at showing you how to view a live satellite map of the world. Data Sources Satellite Image of Earth – Blue Marble (NASA) This article explains the 5 versions of the Blue Marble (Apollo 17 was the first) and how you can download each NASA satellite image of Earth. Maps & Cartography Map Symbology in Cartography Map symbology is the symbols, colors, lines, and visual elements on a map. These symbols communicate details about the physical world. Maps & Cartography What Is 3D Mapping? A Beginner’s Guide 3D mapping is the process of capturing three-dimensional information about the terrain or environment around you to represent the real world. Maps & Cartography What Is Underground Mapping? Underground mapping uses a variety of imaging technologies to map subsurface information including oil and gas exploration and utilities. Maps & Cartography Earthquake Maps for Disaster Response Today, we’re going to provide you with a list of earthquake maps to help improve disaster response, recovery efforts, and risk assessment. Maps & Cartography Lost in Null Island: The Curious Origin of 0,0 Null Island is an inside joke in the world of GIS. It’s actually a place that doesn’t exist in the world today but where data lands in error. Maps & Cartography 7 Top UFO Sighting Maps Trying to spot a UFO? Our list of 7 UFO sighting maps allows you to explore extraterrestrial encounters with unique cosmic cartography. Remote Sensing LiDAR vs. Photogrammetry: A Guide to Mapping Technologies LiDAR vs photogrammetry – What’s the difference? LiDAR uses lasers to measure distances. Photogrammetry uses photos from different angles. Remote Sensing BlackSky vs Planet vs Maxar – 10 Differences in Technology We compare the commercial satellite companies – BlackSky, Planet, and Maxar. Each company has carved out its niche in satellite technology. Remote Sensing 10 Uses and Applications of GPS Technology In this article, we’ll explore the uses of GPS technology, how it has changed our lives, and what the future of GPS may hold. Remote Sensing Ground Truthing: Verify Remotely Collected Data‍ This guide will provide an overview of the ground truthing process, including the steps involved, the verification process, and the benefits. Remote Sensing Differential GPS: What It Is and How to Use It This article will give an overview of differential GPS (DGPS) including the basics, its components, and what it can do for you. Remote Sensing 15 Best Remote Sensing Software Whether you’re a professional geographer or just a hobbyist, this list of remote sensing software available will help you get the job done. Software Best Dashboards for Mapping So you’re looking to build a map dashboard? Well, you’ve come to the right place. Today, we’ll count down our favorite map dashboards. Software What is ArcGIS Maps for Sharepoint With the ArcGIS Maps for Sharepoint solution, users can quickly view and explore their geographic data within their SharePoint environment. Software A Step-by-Step Guide to Creating Excel Maps This step-by-step guide will walk you through the process of creating Excel maps (choropleth maps) from start to finish with sample data. Software 7 Alternatives to Google Maps for Navigation Whether you’re looking for a detailed map of a city or for a road trip, these alternatives to Google Maps can you with right tool for the job. Software Best Photogrammetry Software in Geomatics In this article, we’ll discuss the best photogrammetry software for geomatics available today including Pix4D, ArcGIS Pro, and Autodesk ReCap. Software Google Earth Engine: A Quick Guide for Beginners Google Earth Engine (GEE) is a cloud-based platform that delivers a multi-petabyte catalog of satellite imagery for planetary-scale analysis. World Atlas A world atlas map with countries of the world sorted alphabetically. With 100+ country outlines, this is geography at its greatest. ATLAS NORTH AMERICA EUROPE OCEANIA ASIA SOUTH AMERICA AFRICA ANTARCTICA US Map Collection 10 US Mountain Ranges MapUS Regions MapUS Map Collection: The 50 States of AmericaState Outlines: Blank Maps of the 50 United StatesSatellite Map of USA – United States of AmericaUS Road Map: Interstate Highways in the United StatesThe Presidential Election Map Collection of AmericaMap of the United States of AmericaLakes and Rivers Map of the United StatesPhysical Map of the United StatesThe United States Map Collection: 30 Defining Maps of AmericaMap of USA – United States of AmericaUS County Map of the United StatesUS Temperature MapUnited States Map with Capitals See All US Maps ▸ About Us About Us Articles Contact Us How To Cite Privacy Policy Terms of Service Categories Analysis Career Cartography Data Sources LiDAR Learn GIS World Atlas US Maps Remote Sensing Software © 2024 GIS Geography Analysis Career Datasets Mapping Sensors Software US Maps World Atlas Toggle Menu Close Search for: Search