econsumer.gov: econsumer - Report international scams online! skip to main content English Español Deutsch Français 日本語 한국어 Polski Português Türkçe FILE A COMPLAINT MORE STEPS TO TAKE NEWS AND DATA ABOUT US Report international scams online! econsumer.gov, a project of the International Consumer Protection and Enforcement Network (ICPEN), is a partnership of more than 65 consumer protection agencies around the world. Your complaint helps authorities spot trends and combat fraud. Select a complaint subject to get started Online Shopping/Internet Services/Computer Equipment Credit and Debt Telemarketing and Spam Jobs and Making Money Impostor Scams: Family, Friend, Government, Business or Romance Lottery, Sweepstakes, or Prize Scams Travel and Vacations Phones/Mobile Devices, and Phone Services Something Else How we use and share your data Report international scams at econsumer.gov WHAT IS ECONSUMER.GOV? econsumer.gov is where you can report international scams and learn about other steps you can take to combat fraud. Your complaints help consumer protection agencies around the world spot trends and work together to prevent international scams. Learn more Tips to avoid purchasing counterfeit goods online ICPEN Fraud Prevention Month - Dark Patterns Complaint Trends Explore the latest complaint trend data received through econsumer.gov at this interactive dashboard. Latest News European Union - Investigation of the Commission and consumer authorities finds that online influencers rarely disclose commercial content 2/16/2024 Today, the European Commission and national consumer protection authorities of 22 Member States, Norway and Iceland released the results of a screening (“sweep”) of social media posts from influencers. The sweep found that nearly all (97%) of… United States of America - FTC to host virtual summit on Artificial Intelligence 1/11/2024 The Federal Trade Commission’s Office of Technology is hosting a virtual tech summit on January 25, 2024 that will bring together a diverse group of stakeholders to discuss key developments in the rapidly evolving field of artificial intelligence… Australia - Airbnb to pay $15m in penalties and up to $15m compensation for misleading consumers 12/22/2023 The Federal Court has ordered Airbnb Ireland UC (Airbnb) to pay $15 million in penalties, and Airbnb will offer up to $15 million in compensation to eligible consumers, after Airbnb admitted it misled consumers about the currency of the prices on… Australia - ACCC releases eight principles to guide businesses’ environmental claims 12/22/2023 On 12 December 2023, the ACCC published eight principles to help businesses ensure any environmental marketing and advertising claims they make about their products or services are clear and accurate, and do not mislead consumers. The… Member Countries econsumer.gov is an initiative of the International Consumer Protection and Enforcement Network (ICPEN). ICPEN is a network of governmental organizations in the enforcement of fair trade practice laws and other consumer protection activities. Learn More OMB CONTROL#: 3084-0169 File a Complaint Get Started More Steps to Take Contact Merchant Payment Card Protections Trust Seals & Escrows Alternative Dispute Resolution News and Data News Alerts Complaint Trends econsumer.gov About Us Member Countries How we use and share your data Privacy Policy Go To Top