Endpoint Detection and Response, Free - What is EDR Security? Products Dragon Enterprise Comodo introduced a new approach to endpoint protection, engineered to solve the issue of legacy security solutions. Dragon Platform Overview Patented Threat Prevention Product Bundled Packages Platform Modules Advanced Endpoint Protection Impenetrable cybersecurity without sacrificing usability EDR Gain detailed visibility into all your endpoints activities Endpoint Manager Reduce the attack surface to remediate and patch Mobile Device Security Fortify mobile devices that exit and enter your network Comodo NGAV Keep endpoints safe from known threat signatures Comodo MDM Setup device network and security policies quickly Secure Web Gateway Defend from any internet based threats Secure Email Gateway Stop email threats before it enters your inbox Technology & Process Auto Containment Patented to ensure absolute isolation from threats Global Threat Intelligence Insights from deep web and dark web to eliminate risk Zero Trust Architecture Our pioneered approach has shifted the industry 45 Second Verdict Engine 100% trust an all files at lightning speeds Services Worldwide Services No one can stop zero-day malware from entering your network, but Comodo can prevent it from causing any damage. Zero Trust. Zero Breaches. Zero damage. Request a demo Get Emergency Help Threat Services Digital Forensics and Incident Response Retain experts to investigate an incident to start remediation Managed Detection and Response Our experts closely monitor changes to your environment 24x7x365 Managed Threat Hunting Cybersecurity experts will continuously hunt suspicious endpoint activity Support, Deploy, Maintain Comodo Professional Services Comodo Support Services Comodo Customer Success Management Tools Forensic Scan Tool Security Scorecard Live Threat Map Open-source EDR Zero-Day Malware Hunter Vendor Vulnerability Report For Home For Home SECURITY Comodo Internet Security Antivirus Software Mobile Security WEB BROWSER Dragon Browser BROWSER ADD-ONS & EXTENSIONS Security Plugins Partners Partner Program SOC Platform Overview Begin Partner Application Partner Portal Login Deal Registration Resources Resource Discovery Comodo introduced a new approach to add managed cybersecurity and endpoint protection to your customers benefit, right into your existing programs. Knowledge Base Case Studies Webinars Help Guides Videos Forums Threat Labs Data Statistics Threat Map Emerging Threats Plugins APIs Cybersecurity 101 Guides Buyer's Guide to EPP Buyer's Guide to Zero Trust Lessons from Re-EVIL's Return K-12 Ransomware Guide Upgrade your MSP to MSSP Company Press News Leadership Customers Careers Contact REQUEST DEMO EDR XDR AI How will you prevent the damage when ML Detection fails? By EDR? Stopping Cyber Threats Vs Stopping Damage From Cyber Threats...Two Very Different Things... Learn how you can protect your network even when detection fails! GET A DEMO The One and Only Open Source Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) Platform in the World OpenEDR is an open source threat detection and response platform you can use to protect your endpoints. Offered for free, OpenEDR provides real-time analytics, and full MITRE attack-progression visibility with threat event correlation and root cause analysis. Use OpenEDR to protect, detect, and remediate adversarial activity and attacker tradecraft. This advanced EDR telemetry platform is accessible to all cybersecurity professionals, and every sized business or organization, for continuous monitoring and advanced cyber defense. DEPLOY NOW News Comodo and AquaOrange Software Partner to Deliver Zero Trust Endpoint Protection to Thailand LEARN MORE News Comodo Partners with IT Service Provider Paradigm Technology Group to Offer Endpoint Protection to More Than 650 Global Enterprises LEARN MORE News Comodo Scores 100% in Endpoint and Internet Security Detection Tests by AVLAB Cybersecurity Foundation LEARN MORE News Comodo and Distilogix Partner to Deliver Zero Trust Endpoint Protection to Enterprises in the Middle East, Africa and the Eastern European Region LEARN MORE News Syspeace AB and Cybersecurity Leader Comodo AnnounceNew Bundle to Stave Off Sophisticated Attacks in Windows Server Environments LEARN MORE News Coalition Inc, and Comodo Security Solutions Partner to Provide Comprehensive Cybersecurity Protection LEARN MORE News Samantha Unger Joins Comodo as Vice President Customer Success LEARN MORE News Comodo and Plexus Partner to Protect Enterprises from Cyber Attacks in Sri Lanka Market LEARN MORE Unified Managed Security For Cyber Threat Prevention Using EDR Security A single unified endpoint solution offering exploit prevention, advanced threat hunting, and endpoint management to stop ransomware, avoid breaches, and sustain your business. Explore platform DRAGON ENTERPRISE ENDPOINT CLOUD NETWORK INTERNET MANAGED Cloud-Based Security Updates Equip every endpoint, network, and workload with the latest threat intelligence against cyber threat signatures and payloads. Protect Against Unknown Threats Using Endpoint Detection and Response Defense against new or zero-day cyber threats using powerful static, dynamic, and patented behavioral AI. Patented Auto Containment™ Prevent unknown cyber attacks from causing damage to your endpoints with our lightweight Kernel-level API virtualization. Attack Chain Visualizations Gain full context of an attack to connect the dots on how hackers are attempting to breach your network. Stop Breaches At Runtime Instead Of Detecting Threats Don't be held ransom by finding tomorrow's cyber threats. Empower your endpoints, network, and workloads by protecting your environments with 100% effectiveness. Discover containment FREE Forensic Scan Tool Start free scan FREE Security Scorecard get free score FREE Real-time Threat Map VIEW LIVE THREATS FREE Open-source EDR Solutions LEARN MORE FREE Vendor Vulnerability Report Get The Evidence FREE Zero-Day Malware Remover Find Zero-Day Threats FREE Real-time Threat Map Real-time Threat Map FREE Open-source EDR LEARN MORE Preventing Breaches For Trusted Organizations Securing our customers are our #1 priority. Global industry leaders have validated our endpoint security solutions through rigorous testing. They rely on Comodo to prevent breaches by using patented auto containment that neutralizes ransomware, malware and cyber attacks. The Dragon Platform protects millions of endpoints daily from cyber threats. Explore Customer stories Excellence in the Industry Comodo solutions and services are recognized by leading industry associations, authorities, and analysts. Our innovative technologies are securing organizations worldwide. Endpoint Protection 100% in protection against 0-day malware attacks, inclusive of web and email threats. 100% in the detection of widespread and prevalent malware discovered in the last 4 weeks. LEARN MORE Malware Protection Comodo Advanced Endpoint Protection can protect against the unknown file and solves the malware problem LEARN MORE Endpoint Protection 4.3/5 Rating for Endpoint Protection Platform 83% Recommend Comodo LEARN MORE IT and Security Management Platform 2018 Trust Award Best Managed Security Service 2019 Finalist Threat Intel Technology LEARN MORE Endpoint Protection 60x | Awards in Firewall 4.2 /5 Rating for Endpoint Protection Platform 4.3 /5 Rating for Advanced Endpoint Protection 4.5 /5 Rating for Endpoint Detection and Response LEARN MORE Advanced Endpoint Security and Internet Security Last test: March 2022 Recent result: 100% 2x | 2022 Excellence Award Total awards granted: 16 Product of the year: 2021, 2020 LEARN MORE Insights | Inside our Blog View All Blog Posts free malware SCAN A message from Comodo CEO, Ken Levine. March 04, 2022 Ukraine Cyber Response February 26, 2022 All I Want for Christmas Is Ransomware December 21, 2021 FAQ Section What is EDR? The Endpoint Detection and Response(EDR) Solutions consists of products that monitor and store endpoint-system-level behaviors, employ a variety of data analytics techniques to identify suspicious system behavior, offer contextual data, thwart malicious activity, and offer recommendations for corrective action to restore harmed systems. The following four fundamental capabilities are required for EDR solutions: Identify security issues Stop them at the endpoint Look into security incidents Provide remediation advice How does EDR work against Cyber threats? EDR systems defend against common attack strategies, methods, and techniques that initial access brokers frequently employ, including fileless malware, malicious scripts, contaminated attachments, stolen user credentials, etc. An EDR solution keeps track of every activity at the endpoints and provides thorough real-time visibility and threat information. With incident data search, alert triage, suspicious activity detection and containment, and threat hunting, it provides enhanced threat detection, investigation, and response capabilities. What should I consider while choosing an EDR solution? You may need to select an EDR solution that is appropriate for your requirements, which may include your industry, size, security department make-up, tools used, other vendors, and environment. The other questions you should be asking your EDR provider are as follows: How does it identify threats and anomalies? What scope does it offer? What level of added organizational complexity is it causing? Is it wise and useful to not provide the administrators access, any operational bottlenecks? Why is EDR (Endpoint Detection Response) crucial for my organization? Is it better than EPP (Endpoint Protection)? EDR's proactive nature enables fast response to threats that EPP defense missed as well as assistance in the investigation of already-occurring breaches. By comparing recognised signatures and attack patterns, EPP finds potential threats. In contrast to EPP, EDR provides the capacity for Advanced Machine Learning Behavior Analytical with models that are regularly updated with random inputs and maximum coverage targets. In a way, EDR(Endpoint Detection & Response) adds a layer of additional security to endpoints compared to the passive nature of EPP. × × REDIRECT NOTICE You are now leaving our web site being redirected to a third party web site operated by Sectigo Ltd. Continue to Sectigo Cancel Discover Endpoint Security Bundles Discover Now Dragon AEP Advanced Endpoint Protection Move from Detection to Prevention With Auto Containment™ to isolate infections such as ransomware & unknown threats. Learn More Dragon EDR Endpoint Detection & Response Gain full context of an attack to connect the dots on how hackers are attempting to breach your network. Learn More Dragon EM Endpoint Manager Reduce the attack surface by identifying applications, understanding the vulnerabilities and remediating patches. Learn More Dragon MDR Managed Detection & Response We continuously monitor activities or policy violations providing remediation, threat mitigating, and immediate response. Learn More Move Away From Detection With Patented Threat Prevention Built For Today's Challenges. No one can stop zero-day malware from entering your network, but Comodo can prevent if from causing any damage. Zero infection. Zero damage. Book a Demo Products Platform Overview Patent Threat Prevention Advanced Endpoint Protection EDR Endpoint Manager Mobile Device Security Mobile Device Management Secure Internet Gateway Secure Email Gateway Services Managed Detection & Response Digital Forensic & Incident Response Managed Threat Hunting Customer Success Management Guided Professional Services Customer Support Tools Forensic Scan Tool Security Scorecard Live Threat Map Open-source EDR Zero-Day Malware Hunter Vendor Vulnerability Report Company Experienced a Breach? Contact Sales Contact Support Request a demo Blog Press Customer News Careers Partners Headquarters 200 Broadacres Drive, Bloomfield, NJ 07003 United States Tel: +1 (888) 551-1531 Tel: +1 (973) 859-4000 Fax: +1 (973) 777-4394 Inquire:sales@comodo.com Support:support@comodo.com Report Bugs: security@comodo.com © 2024 Comodo Security Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Legal Repository Cookie Policy