Buffalo, NY | Local News, Weather, Traffic, Sports | wgrz.com Skip Navigation Share on Facebook Share on SMS Share on Email Navigation News Back Local Near Me Entertainment Health Money Nation World Politics 2 Investigates VERIFY Shows Features Latest News Stories WNY woman takes over family plumbing business Former Cheektowaga woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty Former WNY woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty Cheektowaga woman accused of animal cruelty pleads guilty Woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty charges, animals forfeited Weather Back Forecast Radar 10-Day/Hourly Closings & Delays Traffic Closings Registration Weather Cameras STEM Star Student of the Month Latest Weather Stories Storm Team 2 Weather Forecast Buffalo breaks a high temperature record for Monday Sports VERIFY Search Search: Search Right Now Buffalo, NY » 58° Buffalo, NY » Weather Closings Advertise With Us Investigative Post Recalls VOTE Business First Most Buffalo What 2 Do Unknown Stories of WNY Future of the Bills Sign up for newsletter commUNITY Closings Instagram Mental Health Selfless Among Us Breaking News More () » Buffalo, NY | Local News, Weather, Traffic, Sports Illegal cannabis dispensary investigation tipped off by Grand Island Central School District During a recent community forum, the school received anonymous information that the business was selling cannabis to students. Former Cheektowaga woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty Former WNY woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty Cheektowaga woman accused of animal cruelty pleads guilty Woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty charges, animals forfeited WNY woman takes over family plumbing business Man injured after being shot in Niagara Falls Recent drug arrest suspects include the owner of a Buffalo nightclub Police seeking to verify facts in alleged abduction in Cheektowaga Bills trade OL Ryan Bates to Chicago New Jersey Devils fire coach Lindy Ruff, name Travis Green interim replacement NY man is found guilty of killing, dismembering a woman after taking out life insurance in her name Hochul shares promising news about crime in Western New York 2Day's Rundown Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. Thank you for signing up for 2day's Rundown newsletter. The newsletter is on a brief hiatus while we re-tool to bring you a better user experience. You will be receiving updates soon. Please try again later. Sign Me Up! This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Featured WNY Native American agency works to preserve their 6 native languages Friends of Broderick Park celebrate Buffalo's Underground Railroad history Leap Day freebies and discounts for 2024 Muhammed School of Music celebrates 25 years National Comedy Center adds new exhibits News 2 You: Remembering a mystery solved, the Rigas trial, and the days of no helmets for hockey players and snowmobilers What 2 Do while on winter break with the kids commUNITY spotlight: UB Women's hoop star Chellia Watson Right Now 58 Partly Cloudy Feels like: 56° Humidity: 58% none: 0% Wind: 11 mph S Hourly Temperatures 10 AM 59° 11 AM 63° 12 PM 66° 1 PM 67° 2 PM 69° 3 PM 70° 4 PM 71° 5 PM 68° 6 PM 66° 7 PM 64° 8 PM 55° 9 PM 54° 10 PM 53° 11 PM 53° 12 AM 51° 1 AM 50° 2 AM 49° 3 AM 48° 4 AM 47° 5 AM 46° 6 AM 46° 7 AM 45° 8 AM 45° 9 AM 45° 10 AM 45° 11 AM 45° 12 PM 44° 1 PM 44° 2 PM 43° 3 PM 43° 4 PM 42° 5 PM 42° 6 PM 42° 7 PM 42° 8 PM 41° 9 PM 41° 10 PM 41° 11 PM 40° 12 AM 40° 1 AM 39° 2 AM 39° 3 AM 38° 4 AM 37° 5 AM 38° 6 AM 37° 7 AM 36° 8 AM 37° 9 AM 38° Solar Eclipse Here's where you can get solar eclipse glasses 34 days 00 hours 23 minutes 15 seconds Variety Kids Telethon raises money to help WNY children The Variety Kids Telethon is this weekend. Build out underway at bookstore bar in Clarence "Best Cellar Book Bar" is set to open this summer. Ani DiFranco - from Buffalo to Broadway Ani DiFranco reflects on Buffalo as she stars on Broadway in New York City in Hadestown. Connect with WGRZ About Us Advertise Contact Us Jobs Meet the Team TV Listings Newsletters YouTube #BeOn2 Connect WGRZ Accessibility Read TEGNA’s accessibility statement. 2Day's Rundown Thank You! Something went wrong. Thank you for signing up for 2day's Rundown newsletter. The newsletter is on a brief hiatus while we re-tool to bring you a better user experience. You will be receiving updates soon. Please try again later. Sign Me Up! This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Most-watched heartwarming moments of the year More Headlines Variety Kids Telethon raises money to help WNY children Build out underway at bookstore bar in Clarence Ani DiFranco - from Buffalo to Broadway Top 10 consumer complaints in NYS Buffalo breaks a high temperature record for Monday WNY contractor accused of defrauding customers Local News WNY woman takes over family plumbing business Today, women represent approximately 3% of American plumbers. That number is much less here in Western New York. Former Cheektowaga woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty Kerisa J. Schmitt, 24, plead guilty in Cheektowaga Town Court to 10 counts of Overdriving, Torturing and Injuring Animals, & Failure to Provide Proper Sustenance. Former WNY woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty Kerisa J. Schmitt, 24, plead guilty in Cheektowaga Town Court to 10 counts of Overdriving, Torturing and Injuring Animals, & Failure to Provide Proper Sustenance. Cheektowaga woman accused of animal cruelty pleads guilty Kerisa J. Schmitt, 24, plead guilty in Cheektowaga Town Court to 10 counts of Overdriving, Torturing and Injuring Animals, & Failure to Provide Proper Sustenance. Woman pleads guilty to animal cruelty charges, animals forfeited Kerisa J. Schmitt, 24, plead guilty in Cheektowaga Town Court to 10 counts of Overdriving, Torturing and Injuring Animals, & Failure to Provide Proper Sustenance. Sports Bills trade OL Ryan Bates to Chicago As this year's NFL draft quickly approaches, the Bills are adding another pick to the fifth round. New Jersey Devils fire coach Lindy Ruff, name Travis Green interim replacement The Devils have fired former Sabres head coach Lindy Ruff and named assistant Travis Green as the interim replacement for the rest of the season. Before You Leave, Check This Out Jobs Terms of Service Privacy Policy Ad Choices EEO Public File Report FCC Online Public Inspection File Closed Caption Procedures Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 2024 WGRZ-TV. All Rights Reserved. WGRZ would like to send you push notifications about the latest news and weather. Notifications can be turned off anytime in the browser settings. No Thanks Allow