National Centers for Environmental Information (NCEI) Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. MENU Home Products Services Access Archive Certification Maps Monitoring Online Store Regional State of the Services World Data System Resources Alerts Change Notices Education Metadata Quick Links News BAMS Publications Contact About Locations Our Impact Enter Search Term(s): Search National Centers for Environmental Information About NCEI Our Products Looking for Data? Access Data Archive Data Recent Weather Search for recent weather data in your area. Weather forecasts are available through the National Weather Service. Search Featured News February 29, 2024 U.S. Drought: Weekly Report for February 27, 2024 Moderate to exceptional drought covers 18.1% of the United States including Puerto Rico. Read More February 28, 2024 Hang On, What’s Not Normal About February 29? How does Leap Day disrupt the U.S. Climate Normals? NCEI scientists would tell you that it’s much more complicated than it seems. Read More February 21, 2024 The Legacy of Dr. George Washington Carver Learn about the legacy of Dr. George Washington Carver, one of the prominent Black scientists of the early 20th century. Read More February 15, 2024 World Ocean Atlas 2023 The Ocean Climate Laboratory released World Ocean Atlas 2023—Global Climatologies of Temperature, Salinity, Dissolved Oxygen, and Inorganic Nutrients. Read More View More News Archive NCEI maintains one of the most significant archives on Earth, with comprehensive oceanic, atmospheric, and geophysical data. We archive over 229 terabytes of data each month from over 130 observing platforms. How to Archive Access NCEI provides access to an extensive archive of environmental data through several platforms. We deliver the climate, coastal, oceanographic, and geophysical data you need in a variety of formats. How to Access Return to top Follow Us @NOAANCEI @NOAAData @NOAANCEI News Feed Contact Us Email by topic Phone: (828) 271-4800 Sitemap Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Act Information Quality Accessibility Disclaimer Take Our Survey Department of Commerce NOAA NESDIS