Home | American Civil Liberties Union Skip to main content American Civil Liberties Union Defend the rights of all people nationwide Abortion care, trans people's right to live freely, people's right to vote - our freedoms are at stake and we need you with us. Donate today and fuel our fight back in courts, statehouses, and nationwide. Donate Now Keep up with the latest Mapping the Onslaught on LGBTQ Rights Mapping the Onslaught on LGBTQ Rights We are working to support LGBTQ people everywhere against the rising number of legislative attacks targeting their rights. Keep Track With Us Ohio's Trans Healthcare Fight is Far From Over Ohio's Trans Healthcare Fight is Far From Over Gender-affirming care saved Emma's life, but nationwide legislation is still working to block access to this critical care. Read Her Words Challenging North Carolina’s Racist Death Penalty Challenging North Carolina’s Racist Death Penalty State prosecutors have been striking Black jurors from death penalty trials for decades — and we’ve historically fought against it. Read More Migrants’ Property Is Being Taken By Border Patrol Migrants’ Property Is Being Taken By Border Patrol A new report details Border Patrol’s cruel and unnecessary confiscation and destruction of migrants’ precious and personal belongings. Learn More The ACLU dares to create a more perfect union — beyond one person, party, or side. Our mission is to realize this promise of the United States Constitution for all and expand the reach of its guarantees. Issues Learn about what's happening across the most pressing civil liberties issues of our time, and what you can do. Capital Punishment Civil Liberties Criminal Law Reform Disability Rights Free Speech HIV Human Rights Immigrants' Rights Juvenile Justice LGBTQ Rights National Security Prisoners' Rights Privacy & Technology Racial Justice Religious Liberty Reproductive Freedom Smart Justice Voting Rights Women's Rights Spotlight Systemic Equality Since our nation’s founding, discriminatory policies and laws have created an unequal system in which Black communities have had their civil rights and liberties denied and have been systemically locked out of opportunities in education, housing, employment, and more. Through our Systemic Equality agenda, we will use nationwide litigation, advocacy, and public education to advance laws and policies rooted in racial equity and end discriminatory policies, laws, and practices that have an outsized impact on Black communities. Help us in our fight to ensure all people have equal access to housing, voting rights, education, and more by learning more, pledging your support, or donating. When we have full and equal access to education, jobs, housing, voting rights and more, better futures are possible. News and Commentary News & Commentary Free Speech New York's Coercion of Private Companies to Blacklist the NRA Has a Long and Dark History New York's Coercion of Private Companies to Blacklist the NRA Has a Long and Dark History The Supreme Court could create a loophole in the First Amendment’s protections from government censorship. Women's Rights 4 Ways the ACLU Continues to Fight for Gender Equality 4 Ways the ACLU Continues to Fight for Gender Equality For over 50 years, the ACLU’s Women’s Rights Project has been at the forefront of the fight for gender justice. Criminal Law Reform President Biden's Order to Ban Private Prisons Faces a Persistent Internal Challenge: The U.S. Marshals Service President Biden's Order to Ban Private Prisons Faces a Persistent Internal Challenge: The U.S. Marshals Service Three years after President Biden ordered federal agencies to end prison profiteering, the Marshals Service continues to sidestep the ban. In the Courts For more than one hundred years, ACLU lawyers have been at the center of one history-making court case after another, participating in more Supreme Court cases than any other private organization. With attorneys nationwide, we handle thousands of cases each year on behalf of clients whose rights have been violated. Fighting for Trans Rights Four families of transgender youth and two doctors have challenged an Arkansas law that would prohibit healthcare professionals from providing or even referring transgender young people for medically necessary health care. Fighting for Trans Rights all court cases Fighting Trump During the Trump administration, we filed over 246 lawsuits. Fighting Back Against Voter Suppression in Georgia Following record turnout in recent elections, Georgia legislators passed a voter suppression law designed to make it harder for voters, especially voters of color, to cast a ballot. We’re suing. Defending Student Free Speech Brandi Levy was just blowing off steam off campus when she posted an expletive message on Snapchat critical of her school and cheer team. She was suspended from her cheer team, but alongside the ACLU she sued to defend student free speech. We took the case all the way to the Supreme Court – and won. Protecting Abortion Access in Florida On behalf of several abortion providers, we are fighting against Florida’s senseless and harmful law that bans abortion after 15 weeks of pregnancy and threatens to imprison doctors who provide care beyond that point. our history 1920 In its first year, the ACLU challenged the Palmer Raids, protecting immigrants and trade union members. 1942 The ACLU stood almost alone in denouncing the federal government’s internment of more than 110,000 Japanese Americans in concentration camps. 1967 The ACLU represented an interracial couple in the landmark Supreme Court case, Loving v. Virginia. The court ruled that state bans on interracial marriage were unconstitutional. 1978 The ACLU took a controversial stand for free speech by defending a Nazi group that wanted to march through the Chicago suburb of Skokie—where many Holocaust survivors lived. 2015 The ACLU won a landmark Supreme Court ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges, affirming the constitutional right of same-sex couples to marry. 2018 In a victory for privacy, the Supreme Court ruled in an ACLU case, Carpenter v. United States, that people’s sensitive cell phone location data is protected by the Fourth Amendment, requiring the government get a warrant to access it. today We have over 1,700 staffers in every state, Washington, D.C., and Puerto Rico fighting for people's constitutional rights. Careers Full-time positions and internships Media Inquiries Press releases and interviews Shop Apparel, books, and more Financial Reports Annual reports on governance FOIA Collections Public records and information On the Ground From signing petitions to organizing on the ground, millions of ACLU activists are helping defend our rights. Tell Congress: Protect families seeking asylum Send your message Tell Congress: Protect families seeking asylum Actions Needed Now Tell Congress: Say 'No' to Discriminatory Land Laws Send your message Tell Congress: Say 'No' to Discriminatory Land Laws Justice for People Seeking Asylum: Stop Life-threatening Tactics Now Send your message Justice for People Seeking Asylum: Stop Life-threatening Tactics Now Actions Needed Now Tell Congress: Protect families seeking asylum Send your message Tell Congress: Protect families seeking asylum Tell Congress: Say 'No' to Discriminatory Land Laws Send your message Tell Congress: Say 'No' to Discriminatory Land Laws Justice for People Seeking Asylum: Stop Life-threatening Tactics Now Send your message Justice for People Seeking Asylum: Stop Life-threatening Tactics Now Stay Informed Sign up to be the first to hear about how to take action. By completing this form, I agree to receive occasional emails per the terms of the ACLU’s privacy statement. Get Involved People Power is the ACLU's platform for grassroots action. We work with volunteers and supporters in every corner of the country to defend civil liberties and civil rights. Join us. Make calls Join a volunteer team Host an event Resources For specific inquiries and resources Careers Full-time positions and internships Media Inquiries Press releases and interviews Shop Apparel, books, and more Financial Reports Annual reports on governance FOIA Collections Public records and information