Dogfish Head Craft Brewed Ales | Off Centered Stuff For Off Centered People | Skip to main content Welcome ToDogfish Head! We know it’s rude to ask, but are you over 21 years of age? Leave this field blank Oh shoot, you’re not quite there! We take the whole 21 and older thing seriously around these parts, and it’s our responsibility to limit website access to those of legal drinking age. We hate to see you go, but we look forward to connecting in the future! For more information, please visit responsibility.org. This website uses cookies. By using this website and its offers and by continuing to navigate, you accept these cookies. Leave this field blank This website uses cookies. By using this website and its offers and by continuing to navigate, you accept these cookies. Visit Beer Spirits Events Fish Finder Blog Benevolence Social Search form Search BreweryBeer Fish Finder Tours Milton Brewery Distillery Spirits Canned Cocktails Recipes Fish Finder About RestaurantsBrewings & Eats Chesapeake & Maine Milton Brewery InnAbout Packages Reservations Events Off-Centered Society Shop A new look & new offerings! We’re excited to share not only a fresh look for our canned cocktails but to also introduce you to our new 12% ABV offerings! That’s right … in addition to the cocktails you’ve come to know and love, you’ll now find the likes of a Passion Fruit Citrus Vodka Mule and an out-of-this-world Pineapple Orange Rum Mai Tai! Read full story here Want a tour of the brewery? We'd love to show you around! Mugs, tees & so much more ... let's go shopping!! Weekend of Compelling Ales & Spirits is almost here! Boatloads of oranges and mango ... Mandarin & Mango Crush is calling your name. BreweryBeer Tasting Room Fishfinder DistillerySpirits Canned Cocktails Fish Finder RestaurantsBrewings & Eats Chesapeake & Maine Milton Brewery Alehouses Wedding & Private Event Rentals InnAbout Packages Reservations CompanyPeople Beer & Benevolence Code of Conduct Contact Careers Frequently Asked Questions Blog Events Fishfinder Social Visit Shop © 1995- Dogfish Head Craft Brewery Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Sitemap