Home - Religion News Service Donate News Opinion Politics Faiths All Faiths Christianity All Christianity Protestant All Protestant Black Protestants Evangelical Mainline Catholic Latter-Day Saints Orthodox Judaism Islam Unaffiliated/Atheism Hinduism Buddhism Sikhism Alternative Faiths Other Faiths Science & Tech Arts & Culture Health & Lifestyle World U.S. People Podcasts News Quiz Israel-Hamas War Donate Home About About RNS RNS Staff Leadership News Opinion Politics Faiths All Faiths Christianity All Christianity Protestant All Protestant Black Protestants Evangelical Mainline Catholic Latter-Day Saints Orthodox Judaism Islam Unaffiliated/Atheism Hinduism Buddhism Sikhism Alternative Faiths Other Faiths Science & Tech Arts & Culture Health & Lifestyle World U.S. Podcasts People Photos of the Week Newsletters News Quiz Job Board Press Releases Wire Subscriptions Become an RNS Wire Subscriber Subscriber Account Republication Article Republication Image Republication Image Search Image Search (Standard) Image Search (Free) Careers Contact Subscribe to newsletters Listen to podcasts Take the news quiz Browse the job board Submit a press release Top Stories ‘Run or die’: Muslims left mourning as police raze another mosque in northern India By Yashraj Sharma HALDWANI, India (RNS) — After local authorities razed a mosque and religious school, police cracked down on Muslim protesters, killing six and arresting nearly 80 before returning in the following days to wreak havoc in the city's Muslim ghetto. How Orthodox Jewish women are creating a parallel entertainment market By Yonat Shimron In Guatemala, public schools turn to Bible study to boost reading and resist gang culture By Catherine Pepinster Church Militant plans to cease publication in April By Aleja Hertzler-McCain Opinion Religion Hub After a teacher is removed for teaching about Gaza, who can Muslim students trust? By Dilshad Ali (RNS) — Schools are increasingly having to decide 'whose grief gets validated,' a local Muslim resident said. It’s New York City’s moral responsibility to welcome the stranger By Jacqui Lewis (RNS) — Caring for migrants cannot be shouldered alone by houses of worship. Why I say kaddish for my father By Jeffrey Salkin (RNS) — The annual search for my father's grave reveals the meaning of immortality. Read More Opinion Pope asks an aide to read a speech aloud for him, raising further concerns over his health By Associated Press VATICAN CITY (AP) — The 87-year-old Pontiff, who was taken to a Roman hospital on Wednesday for diagnostic testing after having to cancel some public audiences, handed his speech to his aide, Mons. Filippo Ciampanelli. Voucher expansion leads to more students, waitlists and classes for some religious schools By Holly Meyer (AP) — Against the backdrop of favorable decisions by the conservative-majority U.S. Supreme Court, Florida was among nine states that expanded school voucher programs last year. Aaron Zigman’s ‘Émigré’ oratorio, about Jews who fled Nazi Germany for Shanghai, has US premiere By Ronald Blum NEW YORK (AP) — His 90-minute, two-act work, given its U.S. premiere by the New York Philharmonic on Thursday night, evokes a World War II-era sound reminiscent of Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II. Read More Religion Hub Made possible by Lilly Endowment, Inc. Photos of the Week: Shab-e-Barat; Navalny funeral By Natalie Feibish · March 1, 2024 Subscribe to newsletters Listen to podcasts Take the news quiz Browse the job board Submit a press release Faiths Alternative FaithsChristianityHinduismIslamJudaismBuddhismSikhismUnaffiliated/AtheismOther Faiths ‘Interspiritual’ former pastor talks faith beyond church in new book Brazilian evangelical Christians disrupt pre-Lenten partying with ‘Gospel Carnival’ What is Lunar New Year and how is it celebrated? It’s the Year of the Dragon in the Chinese zodiac − associated with good fortune, wisdom and success Read MoreAlternative Faiths Columnists Mark Silk Spiritual Politics Candice Marie Benbow Faithfully Feminist Khyati Joshi Living Religion Jana Riess Flunking Sainthood Charles C. Camosy Purple Catholicism Simran Jeet Singh Articles of Faith Jonathan Merritt On Faith and Culture Phyllis Zagano Just Catholic Karen Swallow Prior One Eye Squinted Thomas Reese Signs of the Times Jeffrey Salkin Martini Judaism Omar Suleiman Islam Beyond Phobia Andre Henry Written in Protest Politics Biden administration finalizes rule on religious liberty protections Alito argues that religious bias is better than any other kind Michigan’s ‘uncommitted’ voters send warning sign to President Biden World Dating app burnout and COVID-19 make Indian matchmaking cool again ‘How Great Thou Art’ gets new ending on 75th anniversary of famed English translation Israel-Hamas war brings back pain to Argentine Jewish community decades after major bombing attack Health & Lifestyle The Alabama ruling on embryos claimed to be Christian. Christians aren’t so sure. What the ancient Indian text Bhagavad Gita can teach about not putting too much of our identity and emotions into work The ‘biblical manhood’ industry is a scam Arts & Culture No twerking. No drinking. No smoking. But it’s still a party at this Christian nightclub A decade after Reverend Ike’s death, his son writes about his impact on Black church Liev Schreiber dons a collar to play a Catholic priest in revival of ‘Doubt’ on Broadway Science & Tech The Vatican’s top expert on AI ethics is a friar from a medieval Franciscan order Is being rich bad for your soul? Yes, but not for the reason you expect Pope, once a victim of AI-generated imagery, calls for treaty to regulate artificial intelligence Sponsored Earthquake victims in Turkey and Syria still need our help To quell racism, tell more stories that welcome the stranger Christians in Pakistan are struggling to survive barbaric persecution Latest Signs of the Times Pope Francis needs to reform papal election process — carefully Opinion After a teacher is removed for teaching about Gaza, who can Muslim students trust? News How Orthodox Jewish women are creating a parallel entertainment market Opinion It’s New York City’s moral responsibility to welcome the stranger News In Guatemala, public schools turn to Bible study to boost reading and resist gang culture News ‘Run or die’: Muslims left mourning as police raze another mosque in northern India News Pope asks an aide to read a speech aloud for him, raising further concerns over his health Religion Hub Voucher expansion leads to more students, waitlists and classes for some religious schools News Aaron Zigman’s ‘Émigré’ oratorio, about Jews who fled Nazi Germany for Shanghai, has US premiere Religion Hub No twerking. No drinking. No smoking. But it’s still a party at this Christian nightclub Read More Latest RNS Press Releases Biologos’ Faith & Science 2024 comes to Raleigh, NC, April 17-19, 2024 Church of God In Christ, Inc. launches national PSA on mental health in collaboration with US Department of Health and Human Services’ Center for Faith-based and Neighborhood Partnerships Religion News Service launches Religion & Faith Jobs Board News Politics Science & Tech Arts & Culture Health & Lifestyle World U.S. People Photos of the Week Faith Christianity Judaism Islam Unaffiliated & Atheism Hinduism Buddhism Sikhism Alternative Faiths Get Involved Newsletters Podcasts News Quiz Job Board Article Republication Wire Subscription Press Releases Sponsored Content Who We Are Annual Report Staff Columnists Leadership Donors Media Kit Careers Contact Us © Copyright 2024, Religion News Service. All rights reserved. Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy, Privacy Statement, Cookie Notice, and Commenting Policy. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Religion News Service. Icons by Freepik, Uniconlabs and Rizki Ahmad Fauzi from Flaticon We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT