Environmental Justice Foundation | Homepage Who we are What we do News Films Reports Shop Get involved Donate Now Donate Protecting Our People Protecting People and Planet Bottom trawling in Thailand: read our new investigation Latest from EJF Share Press Feb 28, 2024 EU Member States fail in efforts to make business more sustainable Read Share Press Feb 23, 2024 The UK's withdrawal from the Energy Charter Treaty is a huge step for climate action Read Share Blog Feb 15, 2024 Who supports the EU supply chain law? Read Share Press Feb 07, 2024 European Parliament responds to Norway's decision to open the Arctic to deep-sea mining by calling for a global moratorium on the industry Read We believe that environmental security is not just about quality of life, it is a basic human right Every day vulnerable people are stripped of their rights, freedom and identity. They are victims of the environmental destruction being inflicted on our shared planet. Driven by our core values of integrity, innovation and impact, EJF uses investigations and film to uncover these environmental and human rights abuses. We work for environmental justice, to protect the natural environment and the people and wildlife that depend upon it. Environmental security is a basic human right, and we go to the ends of the earth to defend people and planet. Watch Video Our Vision Our Vision Our vision is for a world where natural habitats and environments can sustain and be sustained by the communities that depend on them. Campaigns Ocean Protecting marine ecosystems and livelihoods EJF campaigns to protect the global ocean, its biodiversity and the livelihoods that depend upon it. View Campaign Film Report A manifesto for our ocean View film A manifesto for our ocean Our ocean is the blue beating heart of our planet, but we are putting this irreplaceable ecosystem under extreme pressure. In this film, we lay out a roadmap for the protection of the ocean, providing clear policy recommendations to save our seas and safeguard our future. A manifesto for our ocean Read now Read now A manifesto for our ocean Publication Date 20-06-23 Type Report Share Our ocean is the blue beating heart of our planet, but we are putting this irreplaceable ecosystem under extreme pressure. In this manifesto, we lay out a roadmap for the protection of the ocean, providing clear policy recommendations to save our seas and safeguard our future. Press Mar 05, 2024 Milestone reached as European institutions agree a text on new forced labour law Read Share Press Feb 28, 2024 EU Member States fail in efforts to make business more sustainable Read Share Blog Feb 15, 2024 Who supports the EU supply chain law? Read Share Climate Driving global action to avoid climate breakdown EJF’s climate campaign aims to secure international action to decarbonise economies around the world, protect the natural environments which are a vital store of carbon, and ensure climate justice for all. We campaign for the protection for the world’s growing population of climate refugees, forced to flee their homes in the wake of the climate crisis. View Campaign Film Report Manifesto to Combat Global Heating View film Manifesto to Combat Global Heating The climate manifesto brings to bear EJF’s long experience of working with people on the frontlines of the climate crisis and combines it with existing scientific research to create a clear roadmap of measures that can be taken to achieve zero-carbon by 2035. EJF Climate Manifesto Read now Read now Summary EJF Climate Manifesto Publication Date 29-04-21 Type Report Share This manifesto is designed to point the way and highlight what can and should be done to achieve a sustainable, survivable future, providing a framework for the system change we urgently need to tackle climate breakdown. Press Feb 23, 2024 The UK's withdrawal from the Energy Charter Treaty is a huge step for climate action Read Share Press Feb 07, 2024 European Parliament responds to Norway's decision to open the Arctic to deep-sea mining by calling for a global moratorium on the industry Read Share Blog Jan 17, 2024 New Drax development is "is a shockingly backwards decision which will send both trees and cash up in smoke" Read Share Forests and Wetlands Ending the loss of our critical ‘life support systems’ EJF is campaigning to stop this wanton destruction of wetlands and forests, securing protection for the Pantanal in Brazil and Canada’s ancient forests. Our investigations and support to local partners, journalists and Indigenous communities expose those responsible and trigger vital policy changes and protections. View Campaign Film Report Burning paradise: how the EU is fuelling the Pantan… View film Burning paradise: how the EU is fuelling the Pantanal's demise EU supply chains are directly driving the destruction of the Pantanal, one of the world's largest wetlands. Expanding anti-deforestation legislation could protect it. Slave labour in the Brazilian cattle ranching indus… Read now Read now Slave labour in the Brazilian cattle ranching industry: the case of the Pantanal and the European market Publication Date 06-12-23 Type Report Share Slave labour is prevalent in Brazil’s cattle ranching industry. This report investigates slavery on ranches in the Pantanal wetland, including some linked to JBS, the world’s largest meat producer. Press Mar 05, 2024 Milestone reached as European institutions agree a text on new forced labour law Read Share Blog Feb 15, 2024 Who supports the EU supply chain law? Read Share Press Feb 06, 2024 Germany abstaining on corporate sustainability legislation would knowingly fail people and our planet: press comment Read Share Environmental Defenders Supporting environmental defenders EJF partners and supports grassroots environmental defenders helping them speak truth to power and have their voices heard. We provide essential equipment including drones and micro cameras alongside targeted training that helps to document, expose and end environmental abuses and defend human rights. We focus on empowering women and youth and Indigenous communities, and train journalists to report on environmental injustices. Together we bring unseen issues to the attention of change makers. View Campaign Follow EJF Follow us Newsletter Sign Up Twitter Follow us 2nd floor Gensurco House, 3-5 Spafield Street, Farringdon, London, EC1R 4QB tel: +44 (0) 207 239 3310 info@ejfoundation.org Environmental Justice Foundation Charitable Trust (EJF) is a registered charity in England and Wales (no. 1088128). Environmental Justice Foundation Limited is a not-for-profit trading company limited by guarantee registered in England (no. 0385 3159) © EJF 2024. Press Jobs Contact us Share information securely Our newsletter EJF’s privacy promise Website by Mud