The American University in Cairo | The American University in Cairo Skip to main content Home page ع IN.AUC Close Menu Close Resources for Current Students, Faculty and Staff Academic Calendars Bus Service University Policies Human Resources University Registrar Class Schedule AUC Library Webmail Directory Catalog Banner Blackboard Moodle More Resources for Students More Resources for Faculty and Staff Quick Links News Events Apply Schedule a Visit Website Search Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Students Tuition and Financial Support Academics Academics All Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Schools Study Abroad Arabic Language Programs Extended Education Research Research Innovation and Initiatives Research Centers Research Support Undergraduate Research Student Life Student Life Housing and Dining Athletics Student Well-being Student Organizations About About Leadership Mission and History Facts and Figures AUC New Cairo AUC Tahrir Square About Cairo News Events Quick Links Alumni Give Apply Schedule a Visit Quick Links / AUC Directory, Faculty Directory Driven by Excellence. Every Day. Find yourself at the center of creative thinking, collaborative research and global perspective. Apply Now Visit Welcome to The American University in Cairo, the region’s leading U.S.-accredited liberal arts institution. We empower our students to think creatively across disciplines in pursuit of world-changing ideas. We’re a community driven by excellence. Every day. AUC's Driven CommunityDiscover the inspiring, vibrant stories of the #AUCDriven community - students, alumni and faculty alike! AUC: Driven by Excellence. Every Day. Meet Judith, AUC’s Driven Envoy Meet the envoy, Judith. A violist, political science and music student, driven by her passion to be a voice for the people and an advocate for peace. Watch Video Close dialog Meet Ahmed, AUC’s Driven Facilitator Close dialog Meet Magda, AUC’s Driven Designer Close dialog Meet Andreas, AUC’s Driven Guide Close dialog Meet Zahwa, AUC’s Driven Maverick Close dialog Meet Karim, AUC’s Driven Coach Close dialog Meet AUC's Driven Community News@AUC Browse All News February 27, 2024 JRMC Student Film Wins First Place The students produced the film last spring as part of the Camera and Editing course taught by Mohammad Badawi, adjunct faculty and senior te... February 21, 2024 Teaching Arabic as a Foreign Language: Dalal Abo El Seoud 1. What are the common challenges that non-native speakers of Arabic face when studying the language?Students studying the Arabic language f... February 21, 2024 Midyear Commencement Speakers Meet our keynote speakers for the undergraduate and graduate commencements, respectively: AUC Trustee Ahmed Galal Ismail '97, CEO and board ... Browse All News February 27, 2024 JRMC Student Film Wins First Place The students produced the film last spring as part of the Camera and Editing course taught by Mohammad Badawi, adjunct faculty and senior te... February 21, 2024 Teaching Arabic as a Foreign Language: Dalal Abo El Seoud 1. What are the common challenges that non-native speakers of Arabic face when studying the language?Students studying the Arabic language f... February 21, 2024 Midyear Commencement Speakers Meet our keynote speakers for the undergraduate and graduate commencements, respectively: AUC Trustee Ahmed Galal Ismail '97, CEO and board ... Happening at AUC Browse All Events 5 Mar UIPM Pentathlon World Cup 2024 Mar 5 - Mar 10 9:00 am AUC New Cairo Learn More 5 Mar UIPM Pentathlon World Cup 2024 5 Mar - 10 Mar 9:00 am AUC New Cairo 4 Mar Creative Brain Week 2024 Mar 4 - Mar 8 10:00 am AUC New Cairo 5 Mar Inaugural Giulio Regeni and Waad Ramadan Critical Labour Studies Lecture 5:00 pm - 6:30 pm AUC New Cairo 6 Mar Qahwa and Kalam: Geometry, Art, and Ideology in Fatimid, Zangid and Ayyubid Egypt and Syria 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm AUC New Cairo 6 Mar Theater Performance: Les Misérables Mar 6 - Mar 7 7:30 pm AUC Tahrir Square 7 Mar Campus Conversation: Open Discussion and Campus 2026 Designs 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm AUC New Cairo 8 Mar Egypt Athletes Forum 2024 Mar 8 - Mar 9 5:00 pm AUC New Cairo Browse All Events / The AUC Experience "Can’t be more grateful that my life journey included studying at AUC and an exchange semester abroad." Salma Stohy Film, Senior - University of Edinburgh 560K+ Total Print Volumes in the AUC Library 36 Athletic Programs Load More Academic Excellence Education Driven by Excellence. Every Day. With up to 39 unique undergraduate majors, AUC is a global hub for creative ideas and academic progress. AUC prepares students to be passionate and engaged citizens with the knowledge and tools to succeed in a rapidly changing world. AUC Academics Cairo Nile at Night / Cairo: Our City AUC takes inspiration from Cairo — one of the most dynamic cities in the world —using it as a site for learning and integrating it into the curriculum. The capital city of Egypt is a vibrant and bustling metropolis that offers a unique and enriching experience for students. Explore the City of Cairo One University: Two Campuses Check More Photos Load More Check More Photos Become a Global Pioneer Become a Apply Visit Request Info Global Pioneer Footer Main Menu Careers at AUC Accreditation Maps Media Parents The Shop Khan at AUC Contact Us Social Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Twitter TikTok AUC New Cairo Campus AUC Avenue, P.O. Box 74New Cairo 11835, Egyptt 20.2.2615.1000 AUC Tahrir Square Campus 113 Kasr El Aini St., P.O. Box 2511Cairo, 11511, Egyptt 20.2.2615.1000hotline: 19282 New York 420 Lexington Ave., Suite 1644New York, NY 10170t 1.646.632.3738 Copyright Statement Privacy Statement Policies Sitemap ©The American University in Cairo