Cult of Mac | Apple news, rumors, reviews and how-tos Cult of Mac Mobile menu toggle News Reviews How-To Deals Buyback Podcast Newsletters Our sponsors Watch Store About Advertise Privacy Hot topics: MacBook Air Vision Pro  Apple deals  Editor’s picks Buying guides Mobile menu toggle News Reviews How-To Deals Buyback Podcast Newsletters Our sponsors Watch Store About Advertise Privacy Hot topics: MacBook Air Vision Pro  Apple deals  Editor’s picks Buying guides New M3 MacBook Air gets big specs boost with same awesome battery life New M3 MacBook Air gets big specs boost with same awesome battery life By D. Griffin Jones · March 4, 2024 Apple launches the updated MacBook Air with an M3 chip, Wi-Fi that’s up to twice as fast and support for two external displays. more... EU fines Apple 1.8 billion euros over ‘abusive’ treatment of Spotify By Ed Hardy · March 4, 2024 macOS 14.4 takes final step before introducing new features By Ed Hardy · March 4, 2024 Alleged iPhone SE 4 renders show an iPhone 14-like design By Rajesh Pandey · March 4, 2024 Mac Studio and Studio Display refurbs seem new [Setups] By David Snow · March 4, 2024 More News Latest Posts News No Apple March event for new iPad and MacBook [Update] No Apple March event for new iPad and MacBook [Update] By Rajesh Pandey · March 4, 2024 Daily Deals Slash $120 off Magic Keyboard case for 11-inch iPad Pro/iPad Air Slash $120 off Magic Keyboard case for 11-inch iPad Pro/iPad Air By David Snow · March 4, 2024 How-To 6 cool things you can do with an old Mac 6 cool things you can do with an old Mac By D. Griffin Jones · March 2, 2024 News Apple TV+ subscribers get 51 new movies, but not for long Apple TV+ subscribers get 51 new movies, but not for long By David Snow · March 1, 2024 Pick your next winner with this easy-to-use stock screener 14-inch M3 MacBook Pro gains multi-display support Today in Apple history: CFO Peter Oppenheimer retires from Apple This $60 CompTIA training bundle helps you build a better résumé New Belkin mount connects iPhone to Apple TV for top-quality video calls Fresh springtime colors bloom for iPhone cases and Apple Watch bands Today in Apple History: CarPlay goes for its first drive Apple car comes to a screeching halt [The CultCast] Ridley Scott’s historical epic Napoleon invades Apple TV+ Today in Apple history: Here comes the Macintosh II More Latest Posts Popular Now 6 cool things you can do with an old Mac Get ready for new MacBooks and iPads at Apple March event [Updated] No Apple March event for new iPad and MacBook [Update] Apple TV+ subscribers get 51 new movies, but not for long Satechi’s great USB-C hub and stand isn’t just for Mac mini [Setups] New M3 MacBook Air gets big specs boost with same awesome battery life How to turn off autocorrect on your iPhone Get up to $150 off Beats headphones and earbuds [Deals] Ridley Scott’s historical epic Napoleon invades Apple TV+ How-Tos and Tips How-To How to set up the best Mac screensaver, Aerial How to set up the best Mac screensaver, Aerial By D. Griffin Jones · February 23, 2024 How-To How to control volume with your Apple TV remote How to control volume with your Apple TV remote By D. Griffin Jones · February 26, 2024 How-To How to make a shared, collaborative Apple Music Playlist How to make a shared, collaborative Apple Music Playlist By D. Griffin Jones · February 23, 2024 How-To How to download, set up and use the new Apple Sports app for iPhone How to download, set up and use the new Apple Sports app for iPhone By D. Griffin Jones · February 22, 2024 How-To Connect a Bluetooth keyboard, trackpad or controller to Vision Pro Connect a Bluetooth keyboard, trackpad or controller to Vision Pro By D. Griffin Jones · February 21, 2024 How-To How to let other people see what you see in Vision Pro How to let other people see what you see in Vision Pro By D. Griffin Jones · February 14, 2024 More How-to Cult of Mac Giveaways Win a rugged and waterproof Apple Watch sport band Win a rugged and waterproof Apple Watch sport band By David Snow · February 1, 2024 Got an Apple Watch? Then you should enter our giveaway to win a tough-but-beautiful Lululook Waterproof FKM Sport Band. >>> Setups setups Mac Studio and Studio Display refurbs seem new [Setups] Mac Studio and Studio Display refurbs seem new By David Snow · March 4, 2024 setups Satechi’s great USB-C hub and stand isn’t just for Mac mini [Setups] Satechi’s great USB-C hub and stand isn’t just for Mac mini By David Snow · March 1, 2024 setups Triple 4K displays: Too many or just right? [Setups] Triple 4K displays: Too many or just right? By David Snow · February 28, 2024 More Setups Latest Videos Cult of Mac Videos It’s the end of the road for the Apple car (CultCast #636) More Videos 6 Things You Can Do With An Old Mac 6 Things You Can Do With An Old Mac To Keep or Not to Keep? The Apple Vision Pro Dilemma To Keep or Not to Keep? The Apple Vision Pro Dilemma Make a Shared Collaborative Apple Music Playlist Make a Shared Collaborative Apple Music Playlist All The Coolest Apps & Games for Vision Pro All The Coolest Apps & Games for Vision Pro What's New in iOS 17.4? Default Browsers, Cloud Gaming, and Enhanced Security! What's New in iOS 17.4? Default Browsers, Cloud Gaming, and Enhanced Security! Subscribe to Cult of Mac on YouTube CLICK THE BELL AND GET NOTIFIED WHEN WE POST NEW VIDEOS More Videos Today in Apple History History The App Store hits 25 billion downloads The App Store hits 25 billion downloads By Luke Dormehl · March 5, 2023 On March 5, 2012, Apple marks 25 billion apps downloaded from the iOS App Store. The 25 Billion App Countdown contest has a winner! >>> More Apple History Latest Podcast Cultcast Picture of the cast of the Cultcast More Podcasts Latest Apple TV+ Apple TV+ 3 reasons to watch Masters of the Air‘s bloody WWII aerial ballet 3 reasons to watch Masters of the Air‘s bloody WWII aerial ballet By David Snow · February 12, 2024 Sometimes "Masters of the Air" seems like a B-17 crash-landing short of the runway. Will it blow up? Maybe. Is it worth watching? Hell yes. >>> More Apple TV+ Daily Deals Daily Deals Pick your next winner with this easy-to-use stock screener Pick your next winner with this easy-to-use stock screener By Cult of Mac Deals · March 4, 2024 Daily Deals This $60 CompTIA training bundle helps you build a better résumé This $60 CompTIA training bundle helps you build a better résumé By Cult of Mac Deals · March 4, 2024 Daily Deals Get up to $150 off Beats headphones and earbuds Get up to $150 off Beats headphones and earbuds By David Snow · March 1, 2024 Daily Deals The best wireless charger for your iPhone gets a big 26% off The best wireless charger for your iPhone gets a big 26% off By Rajesh Pandey · March 1, 2024 Daily Deals Learn up to 25 languages with this lifetime Rosetta Stone sub Learn up to 25 languages with this lifetime Rosetta Stone sub By Cult of Mac Deals · March 1, 2024 Daily Deals AirPods work even better with Mac, thanks to AirBuddy AirPods work even better with Mac, thanks to AirBuddy By Cult of Mac Deals · February 29, 2024 More Daily Deals Reviews and Recommendations reviews Here are all the best apps and games for Vision Pro Here are all the best apps and games for Vision Pro By D. Griffin Jones · February 20, 2024 reviews ★★★★☆Mechanical Mac keyboard packs useful features into small package [Review] Mechanical Mac keyboard packs useful features into small package By Ed Hardy · February 13, 2024 reviews Find the best laser printer for your Mac Find the best laser printer for your Mac By David Snow · February 9, 2024 reviews What’s it like working out wearing a Vision Pro? What’s it like working out wearing a Vision Pro? By D. Griffin Jones · February 9, 2024 reviews Find the best affordable, feature-packed keyboard for Mac mini Find the best affordable, feature-packed keyboard for Mac mini By David Snow · February 7, 2024 reviews ★★★★☆Apple Vision Pro is a magical delight, but I don’t recommend it [Review] Apple Vision Pro is a magical delight, but I don’t recommend it By Leander Kahney · February 6, 2024 More reviews Cult of Mac Buys Back Phones Laptops Tablets iPods Wearables Other Newsletters Daily round-ups or a weekly refresher, straight from Cult of Mac to your inbox. Cult of Mac Today Our daily roundup of Apple news, reviews and how-tos. Plus the best Apple tweets, fun polls and inspiring Steve Jobs bons mots. Our readers say: "Love what you do" -- Christi Cardenas. "Absolutely love the content!" -- Harshita Arora. "Genuinely one of the highlights of my inbox" -- Lee Barnett. The Weekender The week's best Apple news, reviews and how-tos from Cult of Mac, every Saturday morning. Our readers say: "Always posting cool stuff" -- Vaughn Nevins. "Very informative" -- Kenly Xavier. Newsletter archive Cult of Mac 12345102030»» | News Reviews How-To Deals Buyback Podcast Newsletters Our sponsors Watch Store About Advertise Privacy x x