Home - Carbon Tracker Initiative en cnptjafresdear Login Close Login en cnptjafresdear About Important Documents Annual Review 2020 Go to microsite Annual Review 2021 Download Annual Review Annual Review 2022 Go to microsite MissionThe TeamHistoryOur FundersCurrent VacanciesResearchClimate risk disclosureCorporate ResearchCA100+Asset Retirement ObligationEnergy transitionAutomotivePowerGasOilCoalCarbon Markets Latest Flying Blind: In a Holding Pattern 22 February 2024 The continued absence of climate and transition risks in financial... Carbon Tracker Submission to the IFRS Interpretations Committee 06 February 2024 Carbon Tracker Initiative (Carbon Tracker) provided comments on the Tentative... Overlooked: Why oil and gas decommissioning liabilities pose... 14 December 2023 The key message of this paper is that oil and gas decommissioning obligations... Latest Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas 08 February 2024 Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas 08 February 2024 Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Latest Climate Accounting and Audit: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 Climate Accounting and Auditing assesses the financial statements and related... Oil & Gas: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 As a research provider, we conduct financial analysis and have developed a set... Electric Utilities: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 For utilities, we must look both forward and backward. Firms must avoid... Latest False Start: How Colorado’s bonding rules failed to increase... 16 February 2024 In March of 2022, the ECMC announced Colorado’s new financial assurance rules... Latest Energy is a very long game: yet fossil fuel companies are taking a... 26 February 2024 Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial... Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas 08 February 2024 Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Latest UK Electric Vehicle Industry – Battery half full, half empty or... 15 January 2024 The UK will phase-out new ICE vehicle sales by 2035, but an incoherent battery... Driving Change: How Electric Vehicles can rise in the Global South 17 November 2023 Unlocking the economic potential from vehicle electrification The global... Blindspot: Auto Loan ABS An Asset-Backed Insecurity? 24 May 2023 Poorly performing Auto Loan ABS has the potential to put the brakes on bond... Latest Electric Utilities: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 For utilities, we must look both forward and backward. Firms must avoid... Tohoku Electric Power 07 December 2023 Tohoku Electric Power is one of the largest power generation and transmission... Carbon Tracker Power & Utilities Country Profiles updated and... 21 November 2023 Today we are launching an update to our Country Profiles for the global coal... Latest Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas 08 February 2024 Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas 08 February 2024 Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on... Latest Crude Intentions II: How oil and gas execs are still incentivised to... 29 February 2024 Crude Intentions II As the energy transition continues to accelerate, demand... Energy is a very long game: yet fossil fuel companies are taking a... 26 February 2024 Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial... False Start: How Colorado’s bonding rules failed to increase... 16 February 2024 In March of 2022, the ECMC announced Colorado’s new financial assurance rules... Latest Carbon Tracker Power & Utilities Country Profiles updated and... 21 November 2023 Today we are launching an update to our Country Profiles for the global coal... Balancing Act: Stranded Assets and Flexibility in China’s Power... 30 March 2023 In September 2020, the People’s Republic of China announced targets of... Marginal Call 01 February 2023 Recent extreme price spikes for the GB power market have triggered key... Latest Put a price on it: The case for more effective carbon pricing in Japan 26 October 2022 Amidst an energy crisis and a power supply crunch, the Japanese power sector is... The Impact of West Virginia v. EPA 12 July 2022 On June 30, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA does not have authority,... Annual Review 2019 29 July 2020 Click here to view Carbon Tracker's Annual Review 2019 In 2019 our objective... Engagement ToolsCompany ProfilesNews & EventsCorporate ReserachEvents & WebinarsBlogsPress ReleasesIn the PressUncategorised Latest Jun 29 Enel for something completely different? – Energy Transition Plan... 15 June 2023 29 June | Online Enel is the largest global renewable private player,... May 10 Plausible? Or an Empty Shell? – Energy Transition Plan Analysis 27 April 2023 10 May | Online Shell’s Energy Transition Strategy contains, as one of its... Popular Plausible? Or an Empty Shell? –... 10 May | Online Shell’s Energy Transition Strategy contains, as one of its key... Enel for something completely... 29 June | Online Enel is the largest global renewable private player, biggest grid... Fight to the Death: Exxonmobil –... 18 April | Online Despite differing views on climate change, it cannot escape... Credit Where Credit’s Due? EDF... 3rd May | Online Despite nationalisation, EDF remains a major issuer in the fixed... Latest Mar 05 SHARE’s 2024 Investor Summit 26 February 2024 6 March | Vancouver The SHARE Investor Summit brings together institutional... Mar 06 PetroStates of Decline: Corporate & Sovereign debt markets face... 26 February 2024 6 March | Online The world’s energy system is rapidly shifting to a... Popular 9th annual Sustainability Week:... 4th - 6th March | London and Online Implementing a robust sustainability strategy that... PetroStates of Decline: Corporate... 6 March | Online The world’s energy system is rapidly shifting to a superior... Stewardship Summit 2024 10 April | London ESG Investor’s Stewardship Summit brings together asset owners,... SHARE’s 2024 Investor Summit 6 March | Vancouver The SHARE Investor Summit brings together institutional investors... Latest Energy is a very long game: yet fossil fuel companies are taking a... 26 February 2024 Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial... 2024: Misreading and mistiming the energy transition – Carbon moves... 30 January 2024 2024 is the Chinese year of the Dragon, the only mythical beast in the Chinese... Popular Energy is a very long game: yet... Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial backers are... Carbon Budgets Explained A PDF version of this paper is available here. An updated version of this note is... Are more UK North Sea oil and gas... Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has promised to “max out” North Sea reserves – but the... S-curves in the driving seat of the... Download Infographic Here The energy transition may well be determined by the phenomenon... Latest Oil and gas companies still rewarding executives for expanding... 29 February 2024 “Low-carbon” business strategies conceal plans to expand gas London/New... Most big GH-gas emitters still not reporting true climate impact on... 22 February 2024 London/New York, 22 February – 140 companies with some of the world’s... Popular Most big GH-gas emitters still not... London/New York, 22 February – 140 companies with some of the world’s highest... Oil and gas companies still... “Low-carbon” business strategies conceal plans to expand gas London/New York, 29... Britain wastes enough wind... Unresolved grid bottlenecks risk adding £200 to annual household bills by 2030 LONDON... Aramco, world’s biggest oil... Only one of 25 of largest listed oil & gas companies “potentially” aligned with... Latest Meet the new climate risk model – looks a lot like the DICEY old... 19 October 2023 Albert Einstein once observed: “We cannot solve our problems with the same... Bill McKibben’s take on building a successful climate movement 31 January 2023 Activist Bill McKibben was recently interviewed on the Climate Now... Popular Meet the new climate risk model –... Albert Einstein once observed: “We cannot solve our problems with the same level of... Bill McKibben’s take on building... Activist Bill McKibben was recently interviewed on the Climate Now podcast. *Article... Investors Need to Look Carefully at... This article was first published by Brink News, with thanks to Thomas Carver. The... FT Letter to Fatih Birol Calling... IEA - World Energy Outlook (WEO) Scenarios & Paris Key excerpts... Latest Dec 05 COP28: The Energy Transition: Supply, Demand, and the Investor... 30 November 2023 5 December | Dubai Against the backdrop of the escalating climate crisis,... Popular COP28: The Energy Transition:... 5 December | Dubai Against the backdrop of the escalating climate crisis, the... Resources Popular tools & insights Infographics Xmas 2022 Infographic round-up – Happy Holidays from the Carbon Tracker Team! Download Resource Infographics Double or Nothing: How regulators are gambling on the future self-interest of large oil and gas companies to decommission the Gulf of Mexico’s aging infrastructure Download Resource Infographics Paying with fire: most oil and gas executives are rewarded for chasing growth, but shareholders could get burned This infographic accompanies our report Paying With Fire: How oil and gas executives are rewarded... Download Resource ToolsKey TermsVideosInfographicsFAQsContact Our social channels Aligning capital market actions with climate reality Carbon Tracker is an independent financial think tank that carries out in-depth analysis on the impact of the energy transition on capital markets and the potential investment in high-cost, carbon-intensive fossil fuels. Carbon Tracker is an initiative under Tracker Group alongside Planet Tracker. More About Us Our Latest Research Oil 29 February 2024 Crude Intentions II: How oil and gas execs are still… Crude Intentions II As the energy transition continues to accelerate, demand for each of the fossil fuels... Read More Our Research View all our research Climate risk disclosure Corporate Research CA100+ Asset Retirement Obligation Energy transition Automotive Power Gas Oil Coal Carbon Markets All types Reports Analyst Notes Flash Notes Journals Blogs Guest Blogs Flying Blind: In a Holding Pattern 22 February 2024 The continued absence of climate and transition risks in financial reporting Climate and... Read More Carbon Tracker Submission to the IFRS Interpretations Committee Carbon Tracker Initiative (Carbon Tracker) provided comments on the Tentative Agenda Decision:... Read More Overlooked: Why oil and gas decommissioning liabilities pose overlooked financial stability risk The key message of this paper is that oil and gas decommissioning obligations amplify the potential harm... Read More From Net Zero to New Zero – Reserves Estimates in a Decarbonizing World Oil and gas reserve classification systems today are focused on the value oil and gas has when burnt. Devised... Read More Flying Blind: In a Holding Pattern 22 February 2024 The continued absence of climate and transition risks in financial reporting Climate and... Read More Overlooked: Why oil and gas decommissioning liabilities pose overlooked financial stability risk The key message of this paper is that oil and gas decommissioning obligations amplify the potential harm... Read More From Net Zero to New Zero – Reserves Estimates in a Decarbonizing World Oil and gas reserve classification systems today are focused on the value oil and gas has when burnt. Devised... Read More Loading the DICE Against Pensions Pension funds are risking the retirement savings of millions of people by relying on economic research that... Read More Carbon Tracker Submission to the IFRS Interpretations Committee 06 February 2024 Carbon Tracker Initiative (Carbon Tracker) provided comments on the Tentative Agenda... Read More A New Theory of ARO Creditor Rights With approximately 2.1 million abandoned wells across the U.S., there is growing concern about unfunded asset... Read More Letter to ISSB on Sustainability- and Climate-related Disclosures The International Sustainability Standards Board’s Exposure Drafts “IFRS S1 General Requirements for... Read More Letter to the SEC on Climate Change Disclosures Recently, we submitted a letter in response to the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) Public Input... Read More Talking the talk but not walking the walk – The absence of net zero financial disclosures 16 May 2023 Companies around the world are setting net zero by 2050 targets. Despite that, our... Read More Driving in the Dark: Why automotive companies need to shed light on climate impacts in FY2022 financial reporting As automotive companies start to release their annual reports for FY2022 we take look at how they... Read More Mind the audit gap Auditors play a vital role in contributing to the efficiency of financial markets. Their audits provide an... Read More Drilling down: The importance of understanding projected oil and gas prices used in financial reporting Financial statements, like economic models, are only as good as the inputs to them. Inputs [1] underpin... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition 25 October 2022 The Transition Files In Volume 1, this journal comprises: an article on SHELL, another... Read More How many new emissions did oil and gas exploration add last year? Nobody knows 04 December 2023 If you are reading this, you know that at a time when the world is burning, and Net Zero... Read More Standing at the crossroads: Colorado Commissioners facing difficult bonding decisions As the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission (COGCC) evaluates operator bonding proposals, and goes... Read More Shining a Light on Colorado’s Financial Assurance Plans In early 2022, Colorado overhauled its financial assurance rules for oil and gas companies in a rulemaking... Read More Investors Need to Look Carefully at Stranded Asset Risks This article was first published by Brink News, with thanks to Thomas Carver. The shift away from a... Read More Investors Need to Look Carefully at Stranded Asset Risks 27 January 2023 This article was first published by Brink News, with thanks to Thomas Carver. The... Read More Climate Change and the First Rule of Italian Driving Guest Blog from Greg Rogers, Co-founder, Eratosthenes LLC In a classic scene from the 1976 American... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam,... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Tohoku Electric Power Tohoku Electric Power is one of the largest power generation and transmission companies in Japan. It has 17... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam,... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Tohoku Electric Power Tohoku Electric Power is one of the largest power generation and transmission companies in Japan. It has 17... Read More NextEra – NEE and the Sunshine Band 13 April 2023 Transition Plan Analysis In this note Will Grainger, our Senior North American Power... Read More Corporate Research: Uniper SE – Restructuring due but let’s not forget decarbonisation Uniper SE Uniper’s transition to net zero is not aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement. ... Read More Corporate Research: RWE AG – Talking the talk, but will need to walk the walk RWE AG RWE’s transition to net zero is not fully aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement. ... Read More Corporate Research: CEZ a.s – Restructuring due; urgent need for renewables CEZ a.s CEZ’s transition to net zero by 2040 is not fully aligned with the goals of the Paris... Read More Chevron, ExxonMobil and Oxy: M&A and the Energy Transition 01 December 2023 In this note, Neil Quach, Senior Corporate Research Analyst – North American Oil &... Read More US Vertically Integrated Utilities Duke Energy (N/R) – Sale process drawn out raises eyebrows on potential equity. In our Transition Files... Read More Shell’s Energy Transition Progress Report: Still lacking absolute emissions Scope 3 interim targets Shell recently published its first Energy Transition Progress Report. The document has been produced ahead... Read More Shell and Third Point: Spinning (Off) the Sector Third Point, the US activist hedge fund, has recently proposed a significant change to the corporate... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition – Volume 2 13 April 2023 In this edition of our Transition Files Journal, we celebrate our coverage of US Power... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition The Transition Files In Volume 1, this journal comprises: an article on SHELL, another on Discounted Cash... Read More Climate Accounting and Audit: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 Climate Accounting and Auditing assesses the financial statements and related audit... Read More Oil & Gas: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ As a research provider, we conduct financial analysis and have developed a set of alignment assessments to... Read More Electric Utilities: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ For utilities, we must look both forward and backward. Firms must avoid building new coal and gas generation... Read More Climate Accounting and Audit: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 Climate Accounting and Auditing assesses the financial statements and related audit... Read More Oil & Gas: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ As a research provider, we conduct financial analysis and have developed a set of alignment assessments to... Read More Electric Utilities: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ For utilities, we must look both forward and backward. Firms must avoid building new coal and gas generation... Read More False Start: How Colorado’s bonding rules failed to increase coverage 16 February 2024 In March of 2022, the ECMC announced Colorado’s new financial assurance rules with much... Read More False Start: How Colorado’s bonding rules failed to increase coverage 16 February 2024 In March of 2022, the ECMC announced Colorado’s new financial assurance rules with much... Read More Energy is a very long game: yet fossil fuel companies are taking a lot of short-term risks 26 February 2024 Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial backers are... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam,... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More From Net Zero to New Zero – Reserves Estimates in a Decarbonizing World Oil and gas reserve classification systems today are focused on the value oil and gas has when burnt. Devised... Read More Spiralling Disruption: The feedback loops of the energy transition 05 August 2021 The fossil energy system is falling over the edge of the demand cliff. 2019 was likely... Read More Can a virus and viral ideas speed the world’s journey beyond fossil fuels? Smart investments and viral ideas in pandemic recovery and contagious new tools for deeper, cheaper energy... Read More Nothing to lose but your chains: The emerging market transport leapfrog Falling battery prices and the decarbonisation of transport systems in emerging markets will reduce... Read More The Future’s Not in Plastics: Why plastics demand won’t rescue the oil sector The oil and petrochemical industries are betting their future growth prospects on demand for plastics. But... Read More Talking the talk but not walking the walk – The absence of net zero financial disclosures 16 May 2023 Companies around the world are setting net zero by 2050 targets. Despite that, our... Read More On Track for Paris? IEA lays out required pace of energy transition to keep 1.5°C in sight Viewed as an established authority on the latest energy trends, the annual World Energy Outlook (WEO) informs... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition – Volume 2 13 April 2023 In this edition of our Transition Files Journal, we celebrate our coverage of US Power... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition The Transition Files In Volume 1, this journal comprises: an article on SHELL, another on Discounted Cash... Read More Energy is a very long game: yet fossil fuel companies are taking a lot of short-term risks 26 February 2024 Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial backers are... Read More 2024: Misreading and mistiming the energy transition – Carbon moves from valuable commodity to stranded element 2024 is the Chinese year of the Dragon, the only mythical beast in the Chinese zodiac: and a year typically... Read More Energy Monitor December 2023 Navigating Peak Demand: the oil and gas industry enters its post-imperial age Most things may never... Read More How many new emissions did oil and gas exploration add last year? Nobody knows If you are reading this, you know that at a time when the world is burning, and Net Zero seems like a distant... Read More Opinion: Liberalisation and decarbonisation are a recipe for volatility 03 February 2022 Market-based pricing for gas saved EU consumers billions – until this winter's energy... Read More State of The Transition, November 2016: Steps forward continue to outnumber steps back, notwithstanding the Trump election. But. Guest post by Jeremy Leggett, Non-executive chairman of Carbon Tracker The global energy... Read More UK Electric Vehicle Industry – Battery half full, half empty or running out of charge? 15 January 2024 The UK will phase-out new ICE vehicle sales by 2035, but an incoherent battery strategy... Read More Driving Change: How Electric Vehicles can rise in the Global South Unlocking the economic potential from vehicle electrification The global deployment of Battery Electric... Read More Blindspot: Auto Loan ABS An Asset-Backed Insecurity? Poorly performing Auto Loan ABS has the potential to put the brakes on bond holder returns and automaker... Read More Driving in the Dark: Why automotive companies need to shed light on climate impacts in FY2022 financial reporting As automotive companies start to release their annual reports for FY2022 we take look at how they... Read More Driving Change: How Electric Vehicles can rise in the Global South 17 November 2023 Unlocking the economic potential from vehicle electrification The global deployment of... Read More Blindspot: Auto Loan ABS An Asset-Backed Insecurity? 24 May 2023 Poorly performing Auto Loan ABS has the potential to put the brakes on bond holder... Read More Slipped Gear: Automaker emissions goals unaligned to meet climate targets This report is an assessment of automotive company alignment to the Paris Agreement and their position... Read More Driving in the Dark: Why automotive companies need to shed light on climate impacts in FY2022 financial reporting 03 April 2023 As automotive companies start to release their annual reports for FY2022 we take look... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition 25 October 2022 The Transition Files In Volume 1, this journal comprises: an article on SHELL, another... Read More UK Electric Vehicle Industry – Battery half full, half empty or running out of charge? 15 January 2024 The UK will phase-out new ICE vehicle sales by 2035, but an incoherent battery strategy... Read More S-curves in the driving seat of the energy transition Download Infographic Here The energy transition may well be determined by the phenomenon of S-curves. This... Read More One in three UK car sales may be fully electric by end ‘23 as S-Curve transforms market Blog Series: The UK’s adoption of BEVs – in 2016 UK BEV car sales (all electric) were a mere one in a... Read More Electric Utilities: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 For utilities, we must look both forward and backward. Firms must avoid building new coal... Read More Tohoku Electric Power Tohoku Electric Power is one of the largest power generation and transmission companies in Japan. It has 17... Read More Carbon Tracker Power & Utilities Country Profiles updated and expanded Today we are launching an update to our Country Profiles for the global coal power sector. This is a platform... Read More Iberdrola S.A: Time to review CCGT Iberdrola is Europe’s largest and the world’s second largest utility by market cap. It has more than... Read More Electric Utilities: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ 26 January 2024 For utilities, we must look both forward and backward. Firms must avoid building new coal... Read More Tohoku Electric Power Tohoku Electric Power is one of the largest power generation and transmission companies in Japan. It has 17... Read More Iberdrola S.A: Time to review CCGT Iberdrola is Europe’s largest and the world’s second largest utility by market cap. It has more than... Read More Энергетический переход Казахстана Степенным шагом к углеродной нейтральности В этом... Read More Gone with the wind? 15 June 2023 Investments in the electricity grid are not keeping up with the rapid growth of wind... Read More Balancing Act: Stranded Assets and Flexibility in China’s Power Sector In September 2020, the People’s Republic of China announced targets of peaking economy-wide carbon... Read More Marginal Call Recent extreme price spikes for the GB power market have triggered key discussions over whether the time has... Read More Put a price on it: The case for more effective carbon pricing in Japan Amidst an energy crisis and a power supply crunch, the Japanese power sector is today experiencing... Read More Indonesia to replace one fifth of coal fleet with renewable energy 03 February 2020 According to Carbon Tracker analysis, Indonesia has 15 coal-fired plants (6.4 GW) aged... Read More SSE aligns with Carbon Tracker’s Paris-compliant methodology for coal power In November, SSE confirmed that its remaining hard coal units at Fiddler’s Ferry power plant in the UK... Read More Iberdrola aligns with Carbon Tracker’s Paris-compliant methodology for coal power Iberdrola announced at the opening of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP25)... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition 25 October 2022 The Transition Files In Volume 1, this journal comprises: an article on SHELL, another... Read More Carbon Tracker Power & Utilities Country Profiles updated and expanded 21 November 2023 Today we are launching an update to our Country Profiles for the global coal power... Read More Pricing signals for low-carbon flexibility vital for future power market design With UK and European leaders continuing to ponder the long-term future of power market design, common themes... Read More Energy Transition’s clean technologies are empowering an industrial policy revolution There must have been a time in the 1920s some 20 years after the introduction of the Model T Ford in the... Read More S-curves in the driving seat of the energy transition Download Infographic Here The energy transition may well be determined by the phenomenon of S-curves. This... Read More Investors Need to Look Carefully at Stranded Asset Risks 27 January 2023 This article was first published by Brink News, with thanks to Thomas Carver. The... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam,... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Oil & Gas: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ As a research provider, we conduct financial analysis and have developed a set of alignment assessments to... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 1): Snam 08 February 2024 Snam Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam,... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 2): Italgas Italgas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Decarbonising Gas Networks (Part 3): Enagas Enagas Carbon Tracker has produced a set of three separate related reports on Snam, Italgas and Enagas, the... Read More Oil & Gas: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ As a research provider, we conduct financial analysis and have developed a set of alignment assessments to... Read More PetroStates of Decline: oil and gas producers face growing fiscal risks as the energy transition unfolds 01 December 2023 Transition risks for petrostates are higher than ever This report, an update of our... Read More Absolute Impact 2023: Progress on oil and gas emissions targets has stalled Carbon Tracker is pleased to launch the 4th edition of our Absolute Impact series, in which we assess and... Read More Missed Pitch Many leading asset managers’ investment practices deviate from climate positioning. As awareness of the... Read More Balancing Act: Stranded Assets and Flexibility in China’s Power Sector In September 2020, the People’s Republic of China announced targets of peaking economy-wide carbon... Read More When fracking stops, who will plug Colorado’s wells? 08 November 2021 When a well is drilled, a legal obligation to plug the well and reclaim the surface is... Read More North Dakota P&A cost data is bad news for the taxpayers in oil-producing states Summary As the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission’s (COGCC) seeks to fulfill its statutory... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition 25 October 2022 The Transition Files In Volume 1, this journal comprises: an article on SHELL, another... Read More How many new emissions did oil and gas exploration add last year? Nobody knows 04 December 2023 If you are reading this, you know that at a time when the world is burning, and Net Zero... Read More Are oil and gas execs deserving of a windfall? With oil and gas firms announcing executive pay packages, some have come under fire for the bumper payouts... Read More Energy Transition’s clean technologies are empowering an industrial policy revolution There must have been a time in the 1920s some 20 years after the introduction of the Model T Ford in the... Read More Investors Need to Look Carefully at Stranded Asset Risks This article was first published by Brink News, with thanks to Thomas Carver. The shift away from a... Read More Investors Need to Look Carefully at Stranded Asset Risks 27 January 2023 This article was first published by Brink News, with thanks to Thomas Carver. The... Read More IEEFA Update: Oil and gas industry caught in a capex conundrum This blog originally appeared on the IEEFA website By Tom Sanzillo, Kathy Hipple and Clark... Read More Crude Intentions II: How oil and gas execs are still incentivised to grow production despite peaking demand 29 February 2024 Crude Intentions II As the energy transition continues to accelerate, demand for each... Read More Energy is a very long game: yet fossil fuel companies are taking a lot of short-term risks Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial backers are exiting governance... Read More False Start: How Colorado’s bonding rules failed to increase coverage In March of 2022, the ECMC announced Colorado’s new financial assurance rules with much fanfare, referring... Read More Oil & Gas: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ As a research provider, we conduct financial analysis and have developed a set of alignment assessments to... Read More Crude Intentions II: How oil and gas execs are still incentivised to grow production despite peaking demand 29 February 2024 Crude Intentions II As the energy transition continues to accelerate, demand for each... Read More False Start: How Colorado’s bonding rules failed to increase coverage In March of 2022, the ECMC announced Colorado’s new financial assurance rules with much fanfare, referring... Read More Oil & Gas: 2023 Assessments for Climate Action 100+ As a research provider, we conduct financial analysis and have developed a set of alignment assessments to... Read More Private Eyes Wide Shut: Private Equity Investments in Oil and Gas at Risk from Energy Transition It is increasingly clear that the energy transition is well underway, with renewables substituting for oil... Read More PetroStates of Decline: oil and gas producers face growing fiscal risks as the energy transition unfolds 01 December 2023 Transition risks for petrostates are higher than ever This report, an update of our... Read More Absolute Impact 2023: Progress on oil and gas emissions targets has stalled Carbon Tracker is pleased to launch the 4th edition of our Absolute Impact series, in which we assess and... Read More Missed Pitch Many leading asset managers’ investment practices deviate from climate positioning. As awareness of the... Read More Crude Intentions: How oil and gas executives are still rewarded to chase fossil growth, despite the urgent need to transition The energy transition is fundamentally shifting the way oil and gas companies operate; as demand falls for... Read More Midstream Running Dry: Energy transition also threatens firms that store and haul hydrocarbons 27 April 2023 The midstream sector is a crucial link in the oil and gas supply chain; like the industry... Read More Drilling down: The importance of understanding projected oil and gas prices used in financial reporting Financial statements, like economic models, are only as good as the inputs to them. Inputs [1] underpin... Read More Refining exposure to an accelerating energy transition The energy transition threatens companies involved in the downstream refining sector whose revenue is... Read More When fracking stops, who will plug Colorado’s wells? When a well is drilled, a legal obligation to plug the well and reclaim the surface is created This is a... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition – Volume 2 13 April 2023 In this edition of our Transition Files Journal, we celebrate our coverage of US Power... Read More The Transition Files: periodic thoughts and views on companies, industries and energy transition The Transition Files In Volume 1, this journal comprises: an article on SHELL, another on Discounted Cash... Read More Energy is a very long game: yet fossil fuel companies are taking a lot of short-term risks 26 February 2024 Oil and gas incumbents are doubling down on investment and their financial backers are... Read More How many new emissions did oil and gas exploration add last year? Nobody knows If you are reading this, you know that at a time when the world is burning, and Net Zero seems like a distant... Read More Are more UK North Sea oil and gas licences really the answer? Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has promised to “max out” North Sea reserves – but the plan fails on... Read More Avoiding Stranded Assets: risk aversion in oil development Carbon Tracker has long warned of the risk of investing in future stranded assets; i.e., assets that fail to... Read More Investors Need to Look Carefully at Stranded Asset Risks 27 January 2023 This article was first published by Brink News, with thanks to Thomas Carver. The... Read More IEEFA Update: Oil and gas industry caught in a capex conundrum This blog originally appeared on the IEEFA website By Tom Sanzillo, Kathy Hipple and Clark... Read More BP’s Dudley doomed to repeat past mistakes as oil rises By Paul Spedding BP chief executive Bob Dudley is at risk of being branded an altruist if his “Oil and... Read More Carbon Tracker Power & Utilities Country Profiles updated and expanded 21 November 2023 Today we are launching an update to our Country Profiles for the global coal power... Read More Balancing Act: Stranded Assets and Flexibility in China’s Power Sector In September 2020, the People’s Republic of China announced targets of peaking economy-wide carbon... Read More Marginal Call Recent extreme price spikes for the GB power market have triggered key discussions over whether the time has... Read More RWE: Starting to walk the talk RWE is bringing forward the closure of 3.1GW of lignite capacity at Niederaussem K, Neurath F & G from... Read More RWE: Starting to walk the talk 07 October 2022 RWE is bringing forward the closure of 3.1GW of lignite capacity at Niederaussem K,... Read More Corporate Research: PGE – Urgency needed, especially for renewables PGE PGE’s planned transition to net zero is not aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement. PGE... Read More Ukraine FAQs Fossil fuel commodity prices are likely to remain volatile with the prospect for further embargos. This is a... Read More Do Not Revive Coal: Planned Asia coal plants a danger to Paris Renewables continue to increase their cost competitiveness versus coal, with 27% of the global coal fleet... Read More Balancing Act: Stranded Assets and Flexibility in China’s Power Sector 30 March 2023 In September 2020, the People’s Republic of China announced targets of peaking... Read More Marginal Call Recent extreme price spikes for the GB power market have triggered key discussions over whether the time has... Read More Corporate Research: Uniper SE – Restructuring due but let’s not forget decarbonisation Uniper SE Uniper’s transition to net zero is not aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement. ... Read More Corporate Research: RWE AG – Talking the talk, but will need to walk the walk RWE AG RWE’s transition to net zero is not fully aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement. ... Read More Indonesia to replace one fifth of coal fleet with renewable energy 03 February 2020 According to Carbon Tracker analysis, Indonesia has 15 coal-fired plants (6.4 GW) aged... Read More SSE aligns with Carbon Tracker’s Paris-compliant methodology for coal power In November, SSE confirmed that its remaining hard coal units at Fiddler’s Ferry power plant in the UK... Read More Iberdrola aligns with Carbon Tracker’s Paris-compliant methodology for coal power Iberdrola announced at the opening of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP25)... Read More Carbon Tracker Power & Utilities Country Profiles updated and expanded 21 November 2023 Today we are launching an update to our Country Profiles for the global coal power... Read More South Africa Needs Significantly More Money to Help Phase Out Coal We welcome the recent announcement that South Africa has struck a deal to access concessional financing of... Read More South Korea must take opportunity to end coal power and accelerate renewables build-out by 2028 Ending the use of coal for power generation in South Korea by 2028 is not only possible but also the most... Read More COP26: A chance to reset and eliminate obstacles – coal in sights 2021 is a year of opportunity; one of resetting, reshaping and a chance to remove distortions that hinder an... Read More Put a price on it: The case for more effective carbon pricing in Japan 26 October 2022 Amidst an energy crisis and a power supply crunch, the Japanese power sector is today... Read More The Impact of West Virginia v. EPA On June 30, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA does not have authority, under the Clean Air Act, to... Read More Annual Review 2019 Click here to view Carbon Tracker's Annual Review 2019 In 2019 our objective was to accelerate the energy... Read More Carbon Countdown: Prices and Politics in the EU-ETS Market counts down to the MSR The EU carbon market has been the hottest commodity market in the world over... Read More Annual Review 2019 29 July 2020 Click here to view Carbon Tracker's Annual Review 2019 In 2019 our objective was to... Read More Carbon Countdown: Prices and Politics in the EU-ETS Market counts down to the MSR The EU carbon market has been the hottest commodity market in the world over... Read More Carbon Clampdown: Closing the Gap to a Paris-compliant EU-ETS Closing the Gap to a Paris-compliant EU-ETS Carbon pricing, whether via cap-and-trade schemes or taxes, is... Read More Put a price on it: The case for more effective carbon pricing in Japan 26 October 2022 Amidst an energy crisis and a power supply crunch, the Japanese power sector is today... Read More Dispatch dogfight: will the EU ETS put gas in the money in 2018? Since the start of the year, EU carbon has doubled in value, raising the possibility of coal to gas switching... Read More The Impact of West Virginia v. EPA 12 July 2022 On June 30, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA does not have authority, under the... Read More Carbon Tracker’s Christmas Cracker 2017 If you read just one thing this year…… first, it’s December! What took you so long?......second,... Read More Popular News & Events View all News & Events Most big GH-gas emitters still not reporting true climate impact on businesses London/New York, 22 February – 140 companies with some of the... Read More Oil and gas companies still rewarding executives for expanding production, despite looming demand peak “Low-carbon” business strategies conceal plans to expand... Read More Britain wastes enough wind generation to power 1 million homes Unresolved grid bottlenecks risk adding £200 to annual household... Read More Important Resources View all Refs and Resources Tools Coal Country Profiles Carbon Tracker's Power and Utilities Country Profiles are an interactive tool to help policymakers,... View Tool Key Terms Stranded Assets Read More Tools Company Profiles Analysis for upwards of ~65 companies in the Oil & Gas and Power & Utilities sectors, demonstrating... View Tool Login Email address Password Remember me Forgot Password? Login Don’t have an account? Create an Account Create an Account Name * Surname * Please choose Financial Asset Manager Financial Asset Owner Commercial/Investment/Development Other Financial Service Provider Energy Industry Regulator Policy Maker Communications/Media NGO/Research Service Provider Other - Academic/Citizen Firm Type * Firm Name * Role * Research Interests Oil & Gas Mining Power & Utilities Autos O&G Corporate Research P&U Corporate Research Regulatory & Policy CA100+ and Stewardship Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) Accounting, Auditing and Disclosure Please choose United Kingdom United States Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands Country * Email * Password (minimum 6 characters) * Confirm password * Confirm password does not match the password. Signup to the Newsletter Create Account Already have an account? Login Why create a Carbon Tracker account? It only takes a couple of minutes to create your free account. Your account will let you: Download our full reports Get access to insights and financial analyses By signing up and creating an account you accept our terms of use and privacy and cookie policy. Forgotten Password If you’ve forgotten your password, simply enter your email address below and we’ll send you a link to reset it. Email address Go Back The Team Contact Us Awards we’ve won Signup to the Newsletter Keep up to date with the latest news, reports and jobs Leave this field empty if you're human: This website is maintained by Carbon Tracker Initiative Limited (No. 06888857) set-up to share new thinking on climate risk and funded by a range of UK, European and American foundations. Carbon Tracker is an initiative under Tracker Group alongside Planet Tracker. Please refer to our terms of use and our privacy and cookie policy. © 2024 Carbon Tracker Initiative. All Rights Reserved. We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept all Reject all More details Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Essential Cookies (always enabled) Analytics Cookies Other Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Essential Cookies (always enabled) Essential cookies are required in order to view this website and save your cookie preferences. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytics Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Other Cookies This website uses the following additional cookies: (List the cookies that you are using on the website here.) Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Accept All Reject All Save Changes