NewsNation - Unbiased US News, Breaking News, Headlines & Video Skip to content NewsNation Sign Up Sponsored By Toggle Menu Open Navigation Close Navigation Go Primary Menu 2024 Election Voter Guide Politics Crime Border Report Space Missing Your Money Weather Climate Top Stories Amount of US land burning in wildfires increasing: Report Top Stories Abbott surveys Texas wildfire damage as some areas begin recovery Video Icon Video Top Stories Crews battle Texas wildfires that have burned 1 million acres Video Icon Video More mountain snow expected even as powerful blizzard moves out of Northern California Key Northern California highway closed as snow continues to fall in the blizzard-hit Sierra Nevada Tumbleweeds take over Utah town amid winter storm Video Icon Video Shows Morning In America NewsNation Live NewsNation Now Elizabeth Vargas Reports The Hill on NewsNation On Balance with Leland Vittert [CUOMO] Dan Abrams Live Banfield NewsNation PRIME The Hill Sunday Podcasts 🔴 NewsNation Live How To Watch NewsNation NewsNation TV Schedule More Network Your Morning Meet The Team Sign Up For Newsletters Feedback Advertise with Us App Channel Finder How To Watch NewsNation NewsNation TV Schedule Go Go Go Headlines Sinema won’t run for reelection in Arizona The Hill on NewsNation 38 mins ago Video Icon Video Headlines TikTok ban to be introduced by bipartisan lawmakers Tech 17 mins ago GOP lawmakers send Andrew Cuomo subpoena over COVID policies Coronavirus 59 mins ago Arrest made body parts found in Long Island Park Northeast 1 hour ago Video Icon Video Abbott surveys Texas wildfire damage as some areas begin recovery Southwest Video Icon Video Sponsored By 2024 RACE Haley looks to gain momentum in Super Tuesday states 2024 Election Video Icon Video Super Tuesday: Trump looks to close in on securing GOP nomination 2024 Election Video Icon Video 5 things to watch on Super Tuesday 2024 Election Video Icon Video border on the ballot Migrant crossings major problem for 75% of US Hispanics: Pew Immigration 28 mins ago Immigration a major issue for Texas voters on Super Tuesday Immigration Video Icon Video Latest News Pennsylvania community in shock following Amish woman’s death, man’s arrest Northeast 41 mins ago Video Icon Video Famous ‘Sopranos’ booth sold on eBay Northeast 1 hour ago Man says he was stung by scorpion while at Las Vegas resort West Video Icon Video Released files show debate by transgender health authority LGBTQ Video Icon Video Gas prices rise ahead of Spring Break travel Travel Telescope images show nebulas thousands of light years away Space Video Icon Video 2024 Election Trump vs. Haley: Where do they stand on the issues? 2024 Election Video Icon Video Abortion and foreign policy: Nikki Haley's political views 2024 Election 7 mins ago Video Icon Video Trump vs. Biden: Comparing presidential track records 2024 Election Video Icon Video Why is Biden struggling with favorability against Trump? 2024 Election Video Icon Video How Trump’s court appearances are used in his campaign message Trump Investigations How can Joe Biden get Democratic ‘uncommitted’ voters’ support? 2024 Election Video Icon Video News for All America West Midwest Mid-South Southwest Southeast Northeast West Results: American Samoa Democratic presidential caucus Democrats in American Samoa were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 2024 general election. 2024 Election 34 mins ago Results: Oklahoma Republican and Democratic presidential primaries Oklahoma voters head to the polls to pick their preferred Republican and Democratic candidates for November’s general election. 2024 Election 5 mins ago Results: California Republican and Democratic presidential primaries Voters in the nation’s most populous state will have their say in which candidates snag a presidential nomination. 2024 Election 22 mins ago Midwest Results: Iowa Democratic presidential caucus Democrats in Iowa were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 2024 general election. 2024 Election 25 mins ago Results: Minnesota Republican and Democratic presidential primary Voters in Minnesota were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations in the 2024 general election. 2024 Election 1 hour ago Fire, explosions shoot debris into the air in Detroit suburb CLINTON TOWNSHIP, Mich. (AP) — A fire that destroyed a building which housed supplies for the vaping industry caused multiple explosions that killed one person and injured a firefighter as the blasts rocked suburban Detroit, sending gas cannisters and debris shooting far into the air, authorities … Midwest 1 hour ago Mid-South Results: Tennessee Republican and Democratic presidential primaries Tennessee voters head to the polls to pick their preferred Republican and Democratic candidates for November’s general election. 2024 Election 1 hour ago Results: Arkansas Republican and Democratic presidential primaries Voters in 16 U.S. states and territories will voice their pick for the presidential nomination. 2024 Election 44 mins ago Tyre Nichols’ family ‘appalled’ by proposed legislation “We don’t understand how a local municipality or local people can pass an ordinance and someone come in and try to take it away.” Tyre Nichols Death Video Icon Video Southwest Results: Texas Republican and Democratic presidential primaries Voters in Texas were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations in the 2024 general election. 2024 Election 36 mins ago Amount of US land burning in wildfires increasing: Report This study was published as firefighters continue to battle Texas’ largest wildfire in state history. Climate 59 mins ago Abbott surveys Texas wildfire damage as some areas begin recovery The Texas Panhandle and parts of Oklahoma remain under threat from the largest wildfire in Texas state history. Southwest Video Icon Video Southeast Alabama lawmakers advance legislation to protect IVF providers, with final approval still ahead MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Alabama lawmakers facing public pressure to restart in vitro fertilization services in the state advanced legislation Tuesday to shield providers from the fallout of a court ruling that equated frozen embryos to children. Committees in the state Senate and House approved identical … Southeast 48 seconds ago Results: Virginia Republican and Democratic presidential primary Voters in Virginia were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations in the 2024 general election. 2024 Election 35 mins ago Results: Alabama Republican and Democratic presidential primaries Voters in Alabama were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations in the 2024 general election. 2024 Election 1 hour ago Northeast Pennsylvania community in shock following Amish woman’s death, man’s arrest Following the arrest of a suspect in the murder of a pregnant Amish woman, a Pennsylvania community was left with lingering questions and limited information about why. Northeast 41 mins ago Video Icon Video Results: Massachusetts Democratic and Republican presidential primaries (NewsNation) — Voters in Massachusetts were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations in the 2024 general election. Republican voters will choose … 2024 Election 1 hour ago Results: Vermont Democratic and Republican presidential primaries Voters in Vermont were among those in more than a dozen other states who headed to the polls on “Super Tuesday” to weigh in on their preferred pick for the Republican and Democratic presidential nominations in the 2024 general election. 2024 Election 36 mins ago View all weather news NewsNation Shows Oklahoma death row inmate Michael Smith: They’re executing the wrong man Banfield Video Icon Video Released files show debate by transgender health authority LGBTQ Video Icon Video ‘Happy Face Killer’ pens letter to Banfield, describes prison life Banfield Video Icon Video Former MSNBC host Mehdi Hasan: Time for media to be unafraid [CUOMO] Video Icon Video Close Thank you for signing up! Subscribe to more newsletters here. Subscribe Now On Balance: Vittert's War Notes Submit Border Report Migrant crossings major problem for 75% of US Hispanics: Pew Immigration 28 mins ago A vast number of U.S. Hispanics feel that migrant encounters are a major problem facing the country, but issues like the economy, education and jobs should take priority, new polling shows. Supreme Court temporarily blocks Texas law that allows police to arrest migrants Immigration AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Texas’ plans to arrest migrants who enter the U.S. illegally and order them to leave the country is headed to the Supreme Court in a legal showdown over the federal government’s authority over immigration. An order issued Monday by Justice Samuel Alito puts the new … Video Icon Video Laken Riley Act cracks down on illegal migrants: Rep. Collins Immigration The Laken Riley Act gives states more teeth in pushing back against federal immigration laws when it comes to crimes committed by migrants. Video Icon Video More Border Report News Your Money Regulator proposes capping credit card late fees at $8 Your Money 26 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — The Biden administration announced a rule Tuesday to cap all credit card late fees, the latest effort in the White House push to end what it has called junk fees and a move that regulators say will save Americans up to $10 billion a year. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s … Biden to form ‘strike force’ to go after price-gouging Politics “Some corporations are tacking on extra fees, hiding costs and sometimes even breaking the law,” Brainard said. Video Icon Video Gas prices rise ahead of Spring Break travel Travel “We’re entering Spring Break season … March and April bring higher gas prices as demand rises,” a AAA spokesperson said. More Your Money News Latest Headlines Regulator proposes capping credit card late fees at $8 Your Money 26 mins ago Results: Utah Republican and Democratic presidential primaries 2024 Election 11 mins ago Results: North Carolina Republican and Democratic presidential primaries 2024 Election 35 mins ago RFK Jr. fuels talk of Libertarian party switch: ‘He’s a rogue punk rocker’ The Hill on NewsNation 1 hour ago Video Icon Video Arrest made body parts found in Long Island Park Northeast 1 hour ago Video Icon Video Famous ‘Sopranos’ booth sold on eBay Northeast 1 hour ago Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Haystack RSS Feed News App Get the iOS app Get the Android app from Google Play About Contact Meet The Team Channel Finder TV Schedule Video Closed Captioning CALM Act Certification Newsletters Privacy Policy About Our Ads Do Not Sell My Personal Information Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Covers FCC Applications Public File Assistance Contact The Hill NewsNation BestReviews Content Licensing Nexstar Digital Journalistic Integrity Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 1998 - 2024 Nexstar Media Inc. | All Rights Reserved. ✕