Gretchen Rubin | NYT Bestselling Author, Podcaster & Speaker Skip to content BOOKS PODCAST ABOUT EXPLORE Books Drawing on contemporary science, the wisdom of the ages, lessons from pop culture, and her own experiences, Gretchen Rubin reveals unexpected truths about how we can live happier lives—and how to transform abstract ideas into concrete action. See All Books LIFE IN FIVE SENSES NEW! Gretchen Rubin discovers a surprising path to a life of more energy, creativity, luck, and love: by tuning in to the five senses. Pre-order the paperback. THE FOUR TENDENCIES Knowing the answer to one simple question—How do we respond to inner and outer expectations?—can help us achieve our aims. LIFE IN FIVE SENSES NEW! Gretchen Rubin discovers a surprising path to a life of more energy, creativity, luck, and love: by tuning in to the five senses. Pre-order the paperback. THE FOUR TENDENCIES Knowing the answer to one simple question—How do we respond to inner and outer expectations?—can help us achieve our aims. THE HAPPINESS PROJECT A chronicle of the twelve months Gretchen Rubin spent test-driving cutting-edge science, the wisdom of the ages, and lessons from popular culture for her “happiness project” about how to be happier. THE HAPPINESS PROJECT A chronicle of the twelve months Gretchen Rubin spent test-driving cutting-edge science, the wisdom of the ages, and lessons from popular culture for her “happiness project” about how to be happier. Podcast On the top-ranking, award-winning podcast Happier with Gretchen Rubin, Gretchen discusses happiness and good habits with her sister, Hollywood show-runner Elizabeth Craft. See All Recent EPISODES A Little Happier: Why Did This Couple Break Up as Soon as They Decided to Get Married? More Happier: Happiness on the Subway, the Fun of Watching Old Movies, and More on Clearing Clutter 471: Allow a Tradition to Evolve, Easy Ways to Block Annoying Lights, and a Funny Look at Work No posts found A Little Happier: Why Did This Couple Break Up as Soon as They Decided to Get Married? More Happier: Happiness on the Subway, the Fun of Watching Old Movies, and More on Clearing Clutter 471: Allow a Tradition to Evolve, Easy Ways to Block Annoying Lights, and a Funny Look at Work No posts found About Gretchen Rubin is one of today’s most influential and thought-provoking observers of happiness and human nature. An acclaimed writer, she’s known for her ability to distill and convey complex ideas with humor and clarity. Get to know Gretchen Rubin ABOUT Manifesto Contact Press Menu Manifesto Contact Press Get to know Gretchen Rubin EXPLORE MORE Explore An atmosphere of growth is a key to a happier life. Find articles about a range of topics, consider concrete tips and strategies, and download additional resources. SEE ALL TOPICS GETTING STARTED The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization Menu The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization TOPICS Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics Menu Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics CATEGORY Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter Menu Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter GETTING STARTED The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization Menu The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization TOPICS Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics Menu Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics CATEGORY Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter Menu Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter SHOP HAPPIER APP SIGN UP Search Close SIGN UP Search Close Books Podcast About Explore Shop Happier App Books Drawing on contemporary science, the wisdom of the ages, lessons from pop culture, and her own experiences, Gretchen Rubin reveals unexpected truths about how we can live happier lives—and how to transform abstract ideas into concrete action. See All Books LIFE IN FIVE SENSES NEW! Gretchen Rubin discovers a surprising path to a life of more energy, creativity, luck, and love: by tuning in to the five senses. Pre-order the paperback. THE FOUR TENDENCIES Knowing the answer to one simple question—How do we respond to inner and outer expectations?—can help us achieve our aims. LIFE IN FIVE SENSES NEW! Gretchen Rubin discovers a surprising path to a life of more energy, creativity, luck, and love: by tuning in to the five senses. Pre-order the paperback. THE FOUR TENDENCIES Knowing the answer to one simple question—How do we respond to inner and outer expectations?—can help us achieve our aims. THE HAPPINESS PROJECT A chronicle of the twelve months Gretchen Rubin spent test-driving cutting-edge science, the wisdom of the ages, and lessons from popular culture for her “happiness project” about how to be happier. THE HAPPINESS PROJECT A chronicle of the twelve months Gretchen Rubin spent test-driving cutting-edge science, the wisdom of the ages, and lessons from popular culture for her “happiness project” about how to be happier. Podcast On the top-ranking, award-winning podcast Happier with Gretchen Rubin, Gretchen discusses happiness and good habits with her sister, Hollywood show-runner Elizabeth Craft. See All Recent EPISODES A Little Happier: Why Did This Couple Break Up as Soon as They Decided to Get Married? More Happier: Happiness on the Subway, the Fun of Watching Old Movies, and More on Clearing Clutter 471: Allow a Tradition to Evolve, Easy Ways to Block Annoying Lights, and a Funny Look at Work No posts found A Little Happier: Why Did This Couple Break Up as Soon as They Decided to Get Married? More Happier: Happiness on the Subway, the Fun of Watching Old Movies, and More on Clearing Clutter 471: Allow a Tradition to Evolve, Easy Ways to Block Annoying Lights, and a Funny Look at Work No posts found About Gretchen Rubin is one of today’s most influential and thought-provoking observers of happiness and human nature. An acclaimed writer, she’s known for her ability to distill and convey complex ideas with humor and clarity. Get to know Gretchen Rubin ABOUT Manifesto Contact Press Menu Manifesto Contact Press Get to know Gretchen Rubin EXPLORE MORE Explore An atmosphere of growth is a key to a happier life. Find articles about a range of topics, consider concrete tips and strategies, and download additional resources. SEE ALL TOPICS GETTING STARTED The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization Menu The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization TOPICS Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics Menu Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics CATEGORY Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter Menu Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter GETTING STARTED The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization Menu The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization TOPICS Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics Menu Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics CATEGORY Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter Menu Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter Search Close Books Podcast About Explore Shop Happier App Books Drawing on contemporary science, the wisdom of the ages, lessons from pop culture, and her own experiences, Gretchen Rubin reveals unexpected truths about how we can live happier lives—and how to transform abstract ideas into concrete action. See All Books LIFE IN FIVE SENSES NEW! Gretchen Rubin discovers a surprising path to a life of more energy, creativity, luck, and love: by tuning in to the five senses. Pre-order the paperback. THE FOUR TENDENCIES Knowing the answer to one simple question—How do we respond to inner and outer expectations?—can help us achieve our aims. LIFE IN FIVE SENSES NEW! Gretchen Rubin discovers a surprising path to a life of more energy, creativity, luck, and love: by tuning in to the five senses. Pre-order the paperback. THE FOUR TENDENCIES Knowing the answer to one simple question—How do we respond to inner and outer expectations?—can help us achieve our aims. THE HAPPINESS PROJECT A chronicle of the twelve months Gretchen Rubin spent test-driving cutting-edge science, the wisdom of the ages, and lessons from popular culture for her “happiness project” about how to be happier. THE HAPPINESS PROJECT A chronicle of the twelve months Gretchen Rubin spent test-driving cutting-edge science, the wisdom of the ages, and lessons from popular culture for her “happiness project” about how to be happier. Podcast On the top-ranking, award-winning podcast Happier with Gretchen Rubin, Gretchen discusses happiness and good habits with her sister, Hollywood show-runner Elizabeth Craft. See All Recent EPISODES A Little Happier: Why Did This Couple Break Up as Soon as They Decided to Get Married? More Happier: Happiness on the Subway, the Fun of Watching Old Movies, and More on Clearing Clutter 471: Allow a Tradition to Evolve, Easy Ways to Block Annoying Lights, and a Funny Look at Work No posts found A Little Happier: Why Did This Couple Break Up as Soon as They Decided to Get Married? More Happier: Happiness on the Subway, the Fun of Watching Old Movies, and More on Clearing Clutter 471: Allow a Tradition to Evolve, Easy Ways to Block Annoying Lights, and a Funny Look at Work No posts found About Gretchen Rubin is one of today’s most influential and thought-provoking observers of happiness and human nature. An acclaimed writer, she’s known for her ability to distill and convey complex ideas with humor and clarity. Get to know Gretchen Rubin ABOUT Manifesto Contact Press Menu Manifesto Contact Press Get to know Gretchen Rubin EXPLORE MORE Explore An atmosphere of growth is a key to a happier life. Find articles about a range of topics, consider concrete tips and strategies, and download additional resources. SEE ALL TOPICS GETTING STARTED The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization Menu The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization TOPICS Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics Menu Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics CATEGORY Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter Menu Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter GETTING STARTED The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization Menu The Five Senses 24 for 2024 Trifecta Happiness Habits The Four Tendencies Organization TOPICS Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics Menu Self Knowledge Productivity Relationships Energy Recharging Organization Creativity Other Topics CATEGORY Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter Menu Books Articles Podcasts Quizzes Quotations Resources Newsletter We can accept ourselves and also expect more from ourselves. In my work, I investigate unexpected truths about everyday life—and identify ways we can take happiness from the transcendent to the concrete. ABOUT GRETCHEN Life in Five Senses available in paperback April 30th! Pre-order the paperback and get access to a “secret chapter” that’s not in the book. Pre-Order Now FEATURED “Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful.” —William Morris, “The Beauty of Life” FEATURED QUIZ The Habits for Happiness Quiz To help you answer the question “What’s the best new habit to help me become happier?”, I’ve designed this “Habits for Happiness” quiz. In just eight questions, it will help you identify the new habit that will provide the biggest boost to your happiness. TAKE THE QUIZ FEATURED ARTICLE Do You Like Spring Cleaning? Here Are Some Ideas If You Do (Even More Helpful If You Don’t). There’s something about the natural renewal of spring, with its fresh breezes, bright green leaves, and clear sky, that always makes me want to clear out my space. So where to begin? Here are some specific, manageable ideas to get you started. READ MORE FEATURED BOOK Outer Order, Inner Calm For most of us, outer order contributes to inner calm. This book includes 150 concrete clutter-clearing ideas and tips to tackle the key challenges of creating outer order. LEARN MORE FEATURED PODCAST EPISODE 443: Clear the Decks! We Try Something New to Get Ready for September, the Other New Year We’re trying something new for this episode: a fun “Clear the Decks” exercise. This time, we’re using it to help prepare to return to the usual routines after the summer, but it can be used any time we need to gear up for a change or challenge. LISTEN NOW FEATURED TOOL Build clutter-clearing habits with the Happier™ app This month, use the Happier app to help you build clutter-clearing habits, kick off spring cleaning, and track your organization projects with powerful habit-tracking tools, practical tips, and fun challenges. GET THE APP Subscribe to Gretchen’s newsletter. Gretchen Rubins “Five Things Making Me Happy” newsletter is one of today’s most popular newsletters. You’ll get a weekly round-up of what’s making Gretchen happy, as well as practical tips, research, and resources about how we can make our lives happier, healthier, more productive, and more creative.Join more than one million subscribers and sign up for free. Find the most recent newsletter here. Email Submit WHAT'S NEW Discover the latest articles and podcast episodes. 03.04.2024 | Podcast A Little Happier: Why Did This Couple Break Up as Soon as They Decided to Get Married? 03.02.2024 | Podcast More Happier: Happiness on the Subway, the Fun of Watching Old Movies, and More on Clearing Clutter 02.28.2024 | Podcast 471: Allow a Tradition to Evolve, Easy Ways to Block Annoying Lights, and a Funny Look at Work 02.27.2024 | Article What Type of Gold Star Works for You? 02.26.2024 | Podcast A Little Happier: Are You an Obliger Who Needs Accountability? Here’s a Surprising Solution. 02.21.2024 | Podcast 470: Ninth Anniversary! Best Try-This-At-Home Ideas, Happiness Hacks, and Highlights 02.19.2024 | Podcast A Little Happier: What I Have in Common with a Bronze Age Parent 02.17.2024 | Podcast More Happier: The Fun of “Succession,” the Deep Understanding of a Teacher, and Lots of Barbra Streisand 02.14.2024 | Podcast 469: How Rebels Stick to Their Habits, Dig In with Determination Day, and How to Enjoy an Airport 02.12.2024 | Podcast A Little Happier: A Friend Found the Right Thing to Say Before My Important Job Interview VIEW MORE CURATED COLLECTIONS Explore Gretchen Rubin’s work on these popular topics. THE FIVE SENSES Tap in to the power of your five senses as a path to a happier, more mindful life. HAPPINESS Unexpected insights and concrete suggestions about how to create a happier life. HABITS Helpful tips, tools, and strategies for building (and breaking) habits. THE FOUR TENDENCIES Understand yourself and others with Gretchen Rubin’s personality framework. ABOUT GRETCHEN About Gretchen Hi, I’m Gretchen Rubin. For more than a decade, I’ve been studying human nature—the science of the soul. My happiness project is to understand myself, the people around me, and how we can move from good intentions to concrete actions to build happier lives. LEARN MORE The Happiness Project: Revisited CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER Opt-out preferences ACCESSIBILITY INFORMATION Menu The Happiness Project: Revisited CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER Opt-out preferences ACCESSIBILITY INFORMATION Instagram FACEBOOK LinkedIn YouTube Threads Tiktok HAPPINESS IN YOUR INBOX From renowned happiness expert and New York Times bestselling author Gretchen Rubin, the “Five Things Making Me Happy” newsletter is one of today’s most popular newsletters. You’ll get a weekly round-up of what’s making Gretchen happy, as well as practical tips, research, and resources about how we can make our lives happier, healthier, more productive, and more creative. Join more than one million subscribers and sign up for free. Email Submit The Happiness Project: Revisited CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER Opt-out preferences ACCESSIBILITY INFORMATION Menu The Happiness Project: Revisited CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER Opt-out preferences ACCESSIBILITY INFORMATION HAPPINESS IN YOUR INBOX Every Friday, Gretchen Rubin shares 5 things that are making her happier, asks readers and listeners questions, and includes exclusive updates and behind-the-scenes material.Subscribe to receive a free weekly email newsletter. Email Submit CONNECT WITH GRETCHEN Instagram Facebook-f Twitter Youtube Linkedin-in Tiktok © 2022 Gretchen Rubin. All rights reserved. When making recommendations, I sometimes use affiliate links. These links don't impose any extra cost on you, and they help support the free content I provide here. The Happiness Project: Revisited CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER Opt-out preferences ACCESSIBILITY INFORMATION Menu The Happiness Project: Revisited CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE NEWSLETTER Opt-out preferences ACCESSIBILITY INFORMATION HAPPINESS IN YOUR INBOX Every Friday, Gretchen Rubin shares 5 things that are making her happier, asks readers and listeners questions, and includes exclusive updates and behind-the-scenes material. Subscribe to receive a free weekly email newsletter. Email Submit CONNECT WITH GRETCHEN Instagram Facebook-f Twitter Youtube Linkedin-in Tiktok © 2022 Gretchen Rubin. All rights reserved. When making recommendations, I sometimes use affiliate links. These links don't impose any extra cost on you, and they help support the free content I provide here. Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Subscribe to Gretchen’s newsletter. Every Friday, Gretchen Rubin shares 5 things that are making her happier, asks readers and listeners questions, and includes exclusive updates and behind-the-scenes material. Email Submit xSubscribe to Gretchen's newsletterEvery Friday, Gretchen Rubin shares 5 things that are making her happier, asks readers and listeners questions, and includes exclusive updates and behind-the-scenes material. We promise not to spam you. You can unsubscribe at any time.Invalid email addressThanks for subscribing! xGet the Secret Chapter That Was Cut From Life in Five SensesLife in Five Senses is coming to paperback on April 30th. Pre-order today and get access to bonus content.To thank readers for supporting the book, I’m sharing a “secret chapter” that was cut from the final version. If you know anything about me, you’ll be very surprised by this particular adventure. Privacy Policy Invalid email addressOnward! Thank you for subscribing.