Billy Penn at WHYY: Local news for Philadelphia, by Philadelphia Get your daily rundown of Philly happenings in less than 10 minutes FREE MORNING NEWSLETTER Close Newsletter About Support Our Work Search for: Search Election 2023 Neighborhoods Transportation Gun Violence Prevention Education Food & Drink Secrets & Fun BP Quizzo Morning Roundup Facebook Twitter Instagram Close Skip to content Facebook Twitter Instagram Billy Penn at WHYY Philadelphia local news: Neighborhoods, politics, food, and fun Newsletter About Support Our Work SUPPORT US Menu Election 2023 Neighborhoods Transportation Gun Violence Prevention Education Food & Drink Secrets & Fun BP Quizzo Morning Roundup Open Search Search for: Search 💡 Get Philly smart 💡with BP’s free daily newsletter Read the news of the day in less than 10 minutes — not that we’re counting. The future of Greensgrow Farms could look like its past, with a lot of work The Kensington spot won’t become condos — and could be home to a garden center once again Latest news The Phillies had to keep Zack Wheeler The Phils doubled down on their commitment, inking Wheeler to a three-year, $126 million contract extension that begins in 2025. Commas, syntax and usage star in “The Angry Grammarian: A New Musical” If you noticed the missing Oxford comma in that headline, you’re the target audience for Theatre Exile’s new production. The life and times of Phils former phenom Scott Kingery With Kingery tied for the team lead in homers so far this spring, here’s a look back at his ups and downs as he bounced from position to position. Passport to the pub: Forest & Main brings March Mildness to local breweries A Seattle-born trend continues to grow in Philly, courtesy of the Ambler-based brewing co. Reconsidering streeteries: Council plans hearings on the “frustrating” process for restaurateurs Outdoor dining areas exploded amid the pandemic, but have been sharply curtailed under often confusing guidance from city regulators. Could Indego reinstate single-trip option amid online clamor? A rash of thefts led the bike share program to end its half-hour option, but that could soon change. MORNING ROUNDUP: BILLY PENN’S DAILY NEWSLETTER Greensgrow eyes return; Grammar on stage; Kelce’s farewell | Morning roundup March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 March Mildness; Flower show behind the scenes; LGBT leader arrested | Morning roundup March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 Self-driving buses; Streeteries revisited; Honoring a legend | Sunday roundup March 3, 2024March 4, 2024 More Philly news 5 ways Marian Anderson changed the world Verizon Hall at the Kimmel Center will soon bear the Philly opera legend’s name. As autonomous bus launches at Navy Yard, drivers’ union pushes back Union leaders are concerned about potential job losses down the road as AV systems roll out. Meet the Cobbs Creek Park Ambassadors This 10-person crew collected more than 10 tons of trash with 122 cleanups and 538 volunteers last year. Before it was PHL, this patch of land was home to hogs and the world’s biggest shipyard Hog Island transitioned from its farming past and the country’s industrial future. Philly union leader ousted, accused of spending more than $1 million in union funds without board approval Ernest Garrett denied any misconduct as president of AFSCME District Council 33 What to expect at Puttshack, Philly’s first tech-driven mini golf venue The 26,000-square-foot space features four courses, two bars, and an extensive food menu. Philly tourism by the numbers: improving, but it could be better The 42.9 million people who visited Philly last year were higher than last year, but still below pre-pandemic levels. From “touristy” cheesesteaks to Rocky-haters, here’s some of Philly’s top unpopular opinions An online prompt launched flurry of unpopular ideas about the city’s sports, food, and culture. Headlines of Yore A French superstore faced big opposition in their U.S. debut in Northeast Philly In 1988, union picketers and more competition made Carrefour’s arrival less than welcome. How Pa. policy on the death penalty changed over time The first female Episcopal priests were ordained in a North Philly church Food & Drink Scene Free Library offers lessons in healthy eating with recipes from the African Heritage Diet The online session will walk participants through three recipes with roots in the continent’s traditions. Pho Skyline brings Vietnamese cuisine to the Italian Market It’s all in the family at Cilantro Mediterranean Cuisine Neighborhoods Unkept promises? The city has yet to give the Philadelphia Community Land Trust a single home Housing activists ended 2020 encampment protest after the city pledged to provide homes, but progress has been slow. Facing dual realities, Philadelphia’s Ukrainian community two years into war The history of Philly’s once-segregated Engine 11: “A monument to their service” One-time Monthly Annually One-time $9 $50 $90 Other Donation amount $ Monthly $10 $15 $25 Other Donation amount $ Annually $50 $125 $250 Other Donation amount $ Reader support powers our nonprofit newsroom. If you like what we do, a monthly sustaining contribution makes a big difference, and any amount helps us keep covering all things Philly. Thank you. Donate Now Power & Politics Gov. Shapiro renews Pennsylvania marijuana push “It’s time to catch up,” he told lawmakers in Tuesday’s budget address. Pennsylvania’s primary is just three months away. Here’s who’s on the statewide ballot Despite the wintry weather, the April 23 vote will be here before you know it. Philly DA Krasner sues over legislation that strips some of his authority Larry Krasner and his supporters argue the law is an unconstitutional infringement of residents’ right to elect their chief prosecutor. Who’s who in Mayor Cherelle Parker’s new administration The new mayor brings with her a mostly new slate of staffers to help run city government. Gun violence prevention “Zooman and the Sign” at Penn Live Arts takes a theatrical look at gun violence in Philly Director, and former Philadelphian, Phyllis Yvonne Stickney hopes the play can build a bridge over fear. Amid gun violence crisis, Philadelphia may be safer than people think Comparing a recent Gallup poll to crime statistics shows perception is not reality. What we know about the pre-Fourth of July mass shooting in Philadelphia Five people were killed and several others injured by someone shooting an AR-style rifle “aimlessly,” police said. How Philly’s gun violence crisis fluctuated across 30 years of police commissioners A look at how the city has fared under its most recent top cops. Education Inside the unraveling of one of Philadelphia’s most successful charter schools In 25 years, there’s been mostly public praise for MCS — but its methodology is unusual, and some question the founder’s motives in shutting it down. How teaching in Philly district schools differs from charters: Three teachers share their stories They each have their pros and cons, on issues ranging from resources to oversight. Why a Southwest Philly charter is refusing to close after the school board voted to shut it down Parents had good things to say about the K-8 academy, which was founded in 2007 and, like its neighborhood, is majority Black. Philly’s premier high school requires 8th grade algebra for admission, but many kids can’t take it The lower a neighborhood’s median income, the less likely the course is available to district eighth graders. BP Quizzo Monthly Philly news + history quiz: Can you beat the high score? October 22, 2023October 22, 2023 Philly news + history quiz: How well do you know this city? September 10, 2023September 10, 2023 Philly news & history trivia quiz: Test your local knowledge August 6, 2023August 6, 2023 Monthly trivia quiz: Test your knowledge of Philly news and history July 9, 2023July 9, 2023 Take the Philly trivia quiz and test your local knowledge April 11, 2023April 11, 2023 Trivia quiz: How much do you know about Philadelphia? March 4, 2023March 4, 2023 💌Love Philly? Sign up for the free Billy Penn newsletter and get a daily roundup of Philly news delivered to your inbox secrets & Fun Here’s the 12 (sometimes banned) books Visit Philadelphia is distributing as part of Black History Month The Little Free(dom) Library initiative will make the books available at 13 locations around the city. Meet the evangelists for Philly’s (unofficial) official dance This Philly couple has spent decades teaching (and preserving) the “Philly Bop” From warzone to Philly stage: Wilma’s “My Mama and the Full-Scale Invasion” Real life experience amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine informs this sort-of autobiographical play. Photos: Cats in competition at this year’s Philadelphia Catstravaganza Returning to the Greater Philadelphia Expo Center for its second year, the event featured judging stations, adoption stands and a catwalk for the contestants. Sports Culture Phillies baseball is back, a review of spring training’s first weekend Hittin’ Season looks back at the Phillies’ firsts of this brand new season. Does Bryce Harper want to be Tom Brady? The Phillies slugger wants to play here far into his 40s. Here’s what it might take to get that done. Negadelphia: How Philly’s sports pessimism started 60 years ago For some Philly sports fans, the collapse of the 1964 Phillies launched a legacy of low expectations. Phillies reportedly sign “super” utility player Whit Merrifield The free agent was an all star last year for the Blue Jays after an impressive first half. Opinion Writing my way back home: Why Eric Smith’s YA novels are nearly all set in Philadelphia | Opinion by Eric Smith Should a public school be a vanity project? MCS Charter shutdown raises concerning questions | Opinion by Lisa Haver For kids with asthma, diesel buses chart a dangerous route back to school | Opinion by Brooke Petry More Billy Penn Phillies spring training gets underway after no major moves this offseason Tile repairs prep Please Touch Museum for 2026 celebration Philly-trained judo star and tech whiz aiming for gold at Paris Paralympics Phillies additions around the margins could prove valuable later on Mayor Parker enacts long recommended split for L&I New state funding to survey possible Eakins Oval redesign About us FAQ Newsletter Support Billy Penn Join the Inside Scoop Social responsibility Search Facebook Twitter Instagram Billy Penn is a project of WHYY Have a news tip or press release? Email tips@billypenn.com © 2024 Billy Penn at WHYY. Powered by Newspack Facebook Twitter Instagram Close