Monetra Support Overview Documentation Downloads Devices FAQs Security Certifications Licensing Release Notes Developers Resources Test Server Contact Log In × Monetra Technologies is now a part of Integrated Electronic Payment Processing Monetra is a fast, efficient and secure payment application. It's designed to scale from small custom embedded devices to fully redundant payment servers processing thousands of transactions per minute. Trusted for over 20 years by thousands of merchants throughout North America, Monetra is the premier product of its type. Processor Certifications Tokenization EMV PCI Security Point-to-Point Encryption Hosted Gateway Industry-Leading Features Security First Monetra provides built-in security features including full-strength cryptography for sensitive data encryption, fraud protection, secure communications support, internal IP filtering, and more. Developer-Friendly Designed in ANSI C, Monetra has numerous integration options with complete documentation for all of our protocols. We provide native APIs for several languages, plus a public test server you can use to start running test transactions right now. EMV-Capable Monetra provides a full suite of software and tools to make integrated EMV card processing in the US and Canada a breeze. Extensive Processor Certifications Monetra is certified with all major payment processing organizations including TSYS, First Data, Global Payments, Fifth Third Bank, Paymentech and many more. Tokenized Card Storage Safely store credit card numbers and generate secure tokens to use in their place, so you can support recurring or card on file scenarios without needing to directly access the actual card number. Enterprise Ready Hosting Monetra on your own infrastructure (or device) allows you to enjoy complete flexibility while maintaining full control over your payment systems and relationships. Privacy Policy Terms of Use RSS GitHub Copyright © 2024 i3 Verticals, LLC All rights reserved. Loading...