Eurosurveillance 1887 Other sites:ECDCEuropean Antibiotic Awareness DayESCAIDE - Scientific conferenceEurosurveillance journalEVIP - Vaccination portal LOGIN CONTACT SUPPORT Toggle search navigation Toggle main navigation Europe's journal on infectious disease surveillance, epidemiology, prevention and control Home Current Archives Eurosurveillance Weekly releases (1997–2007) Special compilations Special editions Quarterly editions (2004–2009) Collections Show All 25 years of public health impact Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) Antimicrobial resistance Annual theme 2022: Food a a vehicle for antimicrobial resistance Food and waterborne diseases Infectious diseases in children Hepatitis A and E HIV and AIDS Integrated surveillance for respiratory viruses Legionnaires' disease Monkeypox/mpox Measles in Europe Public health preparedness Rabies Sexually transmitted infections Tuberculosis (TB) Vaccination policies and attitudes Zoonotic and arthropod-borne diseases About Us About us Editorial board Scientific seminars 25 year anniversary News Editorial Policies Editorial policy For authors Evaluation and review process For reviewers search submit Receive the Table of contents Create account / Sign-in Username: Password: Sign in Need login help? Not registered yet? Changing urban environments and effects on infectious diseases Submit your articles now What are the building blocks in the EU Health Union? Find out in our new collection Explaining your work in a clear, accessible way - the key public health message box Click for more info From surveillance and detection of SARS-CoV-2 to vaccine effectiveness against COVID-19 Check out our COVID-19 articles collection Eurosurveillance Since 1995, Eurosurveillance has provided the European public health community with an open-access platform to exchange relevant findings on communicable disease surveillance, prevention and control. A weekly, electronic, peer-reviewed publication, Eurosurveillance aims to provide timely facts and guidance for public health professionals and decision-makers in the field of infectious disease to facilitate the implementation of effective prevention and control measures. Impact factor: 19. More... Latest Issue: Volume 29, Issue 9, 29 February 2024 Latest Issue RSS feed Volumes & issues Rapid communication Ongoing measles outbreak, the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, December 2023 to February 2024 Sanjin Musa , Irma Salimović-Bešić , Jasmina Brkić Džambić , Nijaz Tihić , Anisa Bajramović , Suzana Arapčić , Amela Dedeić-Ljubović and Siniša Skočibušić More Less We report on an ongoing measles outbreak in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina with 141 cases notified between week 52 2023 and week 6 2024. Among those with known vaccination status, 97% were unvaccinated and the most affected group is children under the age of 5 years (n = 87) who were not vaccinated during the pandemic years. Sixty-eight cases were hospitalised, the most common complications were measles-related pneumonia and diarrhoea. The sequenced measles viruses from four cases belonged to genotype D8. Top Surveillance Burden of chickenpox complications in Poland, 2006 to 2021: A comprehensive registry-based study Rafał Halik , Iwona Paradowska-Stankiewicz , Aneta Trochonowicz and Swavik Dittmer More Less Background Chickenpox, a vaccine-preventable disease caused by the varicella zoster virus, generally presents with mild symptoms but can cause complications necessitating hospitalisation. In Poland, since 2009, vaccination has been obligatory for children up to 12 years of age who are particularly vulnerable to infection and for children in their vicinity. Aim To examine the burden of chickenpox complications and the trends of hospitalisation arising from these complications over time in the Polish population. Methods Data spanning 2006–21 were sourced from the Polish Infectious Diseases Surveillance System, the Nationwide General Hospital Morbidity Study and the Statistics Poland death registry. Standardised and age-specific incidence rates, hospital discharge rates and number of deaths because of chickenpox were calculated. Moreover, the joinpoint regression model was used to analyse trends of annual hospital discharge rates. Results Over the analysed timeframe, 25,804 hospitalisations and 52 deaths attributable to chickenpox complications were documented, and 1.0% of chickenpox cases required hospitalisation because of chickenpox. Age-standardised hospitalisation rates varied between 2.3 and 9.6 per 100,000 population. The analysis revealed no statistically significant trend in overall hospital discharge rates from chickenpox complications. However, a notable increase in hospitalisation rates was observed in children aged 0–4 and among inhabitants of rural areas, with annual percentage changes of 4.9% and 3.4% respectively. Conclusions Our findings suggest that the implementation of a universal chickenpox immunisation programme, supported by health education, should be considered to reduce the number of hospitalisations and nearly eliminate deaths because of chickenpox. Top Systematic Review Epidemiology of gonorrhoea: systematic review, meta-analyses, and meta-regressions, World Health Organization European Region, 1949 to 2021 Omar Chidiac , Sawsan AlMukdad , Manale Harfouche , Emma Harding-Esch and Laith J Abu-Raddad More Less Background Epidemiology of Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) infection remains inadequately understood. Aim We aimed to characterise NG epidemiology in Europe. Methods We used Cochrane and PRISMA guidelines to systematically review, report, synthesise and analyse NG prevalence data from 1949 to 30 September 2021. Random-effects meta-analyses estimated pooled prevalence. Meta-regression analyses investigated associations and sources of heterogeneity. Results The 844 included publications yielded 1,573 prevalence measures. Pooled prevalence of current urogenital infection was 1.0% (95% CI: 0.7–1.2%) among general populations, 3.2% (95% CI: 1.8–4.8%) among female sex workers, 4.9% (95% CI: 4.2–5.6%) among sexually transmitted infection clinic attendees and 12.1% (95% CI: 8.8–15.8%) among symptomatic men. Among men who have sex with men, pooled prevalence was 0.9% (95% CI: 0.5–1.4%), 5.6% (95% CI: 3.6–8.1%), and 3.8% (95% CI: 2.5–5.4%), respectively, for current urogenital, anorectal or oropharyngeal infection. Current urogenital, anorectal or oropharyngeal infection was 1.45-fold (95% CI: 1.19–1.77%), 2.75-fold (95% CI: 1.89–4.02%) and 2.64-fold (95% CI: 1.77–3.93%) higher among men than women. Current urogenital infection declined 0.97-fold (95% CI: 0.96–0.98%) yearly, but anorectal and oropharyngeal infection increased (1.02-fold; 95% CI: 1.01–1.04% and 1.02-fold; 95% CI: 1.00–1.04%), respectively. Conclusions Neisseria gonorrhoeae epidemiology in Europe has distinct and contrasting epidemiologies for vaginal sex transmission in heterosexual sex networks vs anal and oral sex transmission in MSM sexual networks. Increased transmission may facilitate drug-resistant strain emergence. Europe is far from achieving the World Health Organization target of 90% incidence reduction by 2030. Effectiveness of interventions to increase healthcare workers’ adherence to vaccination against vaccine-preventable diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis, 1993 to 2022 Marco Clari , Beatrice Albanesi , Rosanna Irene Comoretto , Alessio Conti , Erika Renzi , Michela Luciani , Davide Ausili , Azzurra Massimi and Valerio Dimonte More Less Background Vaccination adherence among healthcare workers (HCWs) is fundamental for the prevention of vaccine-preventable diseases (VPDs) in healthcare. This safeguards HCWs' well-being, prevents transmission of infections to vulnerable patients and contributes to public health. Aim This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to describe interventions meant to increase HCWs’ adherence to vaccination and estimate the effectiveness of these interventions. Methods We searched literature in eight databases and performed manual searches in relevant journals and the reference lists of retrieved articles. The study population included any HCW with potential occupational exposure to VPDs. We included experimental and quasi-experimental studies presenting interventions aimed at increasing HCWs’ adherence to vaccination against VPDs. The post-intervention vaccination adherence rate was set as the main outcome. We included the effect of interventions in the random-effects and subgroup meta-analyses. Results The systematic review considered 48 studies on influenza and Tdap vaccination from database and manual searches, and 43 were meta-analysed. A statistically significant, positive effect was seen in multi-component interventions in randomised controlled trials (relative risk (RR) = 1.37; 95% CI: 1.13–1.66) and in observational studies (RR = 1.43; 95% CI: 1.29–1.58). Vaccination adherence rate was higher in community care facilities (RR = 1.58; 95% CI: 1.49–1.68) than in hospitals (RR = 1.24; 95% CI: 0.76-2.05). Conclusion Interventions aimed at increasing HCWs’ adherence to vaccination against VPDs are effective, especially multi-component ones. Future research should determine the most effective framework of interventions for each setting, using appropriate study design for their evaluation, and should compare intervention components to understand their contribution to the effectiveness. Recent articles Application of the screening method for estimating COVID-19 vaccine effectiveness using routine surveillance data: Germany’s experience during the COVID-19 pandemic, July 2021 to March 2023 Nita Perumal , Viktoria Schönfeld and Ole Wichmann Wastewater-based reproduction numbers and projections of COVID-19 cases in three areas in Japan, November 2021 to December 2022 Shogo Miyazawa , Ting Sam Wong , Genta Ito , Ryo Iwamoto , Kozo Watanabe , Michiel van Boven , Jacco Wallinga and Fuminari Miura Interim 2023/24 influenza A vaccine effectiveness: VEBIS European primary care and hospital multicentre studies, September 2023 to January 2024 Marine Maurel , Jennifer Howard , Esther Kissling , Francisco Pozo , Gloria Pérez-Gimeno , Silke Buda , Noémie Sève , Adele McKenna , Adam Meijer , Ana Paula Rodrigues , Iván Martínez-Baz , Ivan Mlinarić , Neus Latorre-Margalef , Gergő Túri , Mihaela Lazăr , Clara Mazagatos , Aitziber Echeverria , Stephen Abela , Marc Bourgeois , Ausenda Machado , Ralf Dürrwald , Goranka Petrović , Beatrix Oroszi , Ligita Jancoriene , Alexandru Marin , Petr Husa , Roisin Duffy , Frederika Dijkstra , Virtudes Gallardo García , Luise Goerlitz , Vincent Enouf , Charlene Bennett , Mariëtte Hooiveld , Raquel Guiomar , Camino Trobajo-Sanmartín , Vesna Višekruna Vučina , Tove Samuelsson Hagey , Ana Sofía Lameiras Azevedo , Jesús Castilla , Gerd Xuereb , Bénédicte Delaere , Verónica Gómez , Kristin Tolksdorf , Sabrina Bacci , Nathalie Nicolay , Marlena Kaczmarek , Angela MC Rose and on behalf of the European IVE group Clinical isolates of ST131 blaOXA-244-positive Escherichia coli, Italy, December 2022 to July 2023 Aurora Piazza , Marta Corbella , Vittoria Mattioni Marchetti , Cristina Merla , Irene Mileto , Angela Kuka , Greta Petazzoni , Stefano Gaiarsa , Roberta Migliavacca , Fausto Baldanti and Patrizia Cambieri Measuring waning protection from seasonal influenza vaccination during nine influenza seasons, Ontario, Canada, 2010/11 to 2018/19 Hannah Chung , Michael A Campitelli , Sarah A Buchan , Aaron Campigotto , Natasha S Crowcroft , Jonathan B Gubbay , James KH Jung , Timothy Karnauchow , Kevin Katz , Allison J McGeer , J Dayre McNally , David C Richardson , Susan E Richardson , Laura C Rosella , Margaret L Russell , Kevin L Schwartz , Andrew Simor , Marek Smieja , Maria E Sundaram , Bryna F Warshawsky , George Zahariadis , Jeffrey C Kwong and on behalf of the Canadian Immunization Research Network (CIRN) Provincial Collaborative Network (PCN) Investigators Epidemiology of reported cases of leptospirosis in the EU/EEA, 2010 to 2021 Julien Beauté , Francesco Innocenti , Aristos Aristodimou , Michaela Špačková , Caroline Eves , Natalia Kerbo , Ruska Rimhanen-Finne , Mathieu Picardeau , Mirko Faber , Georgios Dougas , Anna Margrét Halldórsdóttir , Sarah Jackson , Viktorija Leitēna , Anne Vergison , Maria Louise Borg , Roan Pijnacker , Małgorzata Sadkowska-Todys , João Vieira Martins , Lavinia Cipriana Rusu , Eva Grilc , Rosa M Estévez-Reboredo , Taina Niskanen and Therese Westrell 2023/24 mid-season influenza and Omicron XBB.1.5 vaccine effectiveness estimates from the Canadian Sentinel Practitioner Surveillance Network (SPSN) Danuta M Skowronski , Yuping Zhan , Samantha E Kaweski , Suzana Sabaiduc , Ayisha Khalid , Romy Olsha , Sara Carazo , James A Dickinson , Richard G Mather , Hugues Charest , Agatha N Jassem , Inès Levade , Maan Hasso , Nathan Zelyas , Ruimin Gao and Nathalie Bastien More Less Submit your article here Submit an Article Share share via email News/announcements The World Health Organization has published the recommended composition of influenza virus vaccines for use in the 2024-2025 northern hemisphere influenza season. News/announcements We invite submissions for the 2024 annual theme: Changing urban environments and effects on infectious diseases and their epidemiology, surveillance, prevention and control. Find more information on the invited topics here. Contact the editorial team Subscription and registration Submit an article Data protection Accessibility Cookie policy Disclaimer Copyright information Open Access Sitemap Eurosurveillance ISSN 1560-7917 © 2007 - 2024. All rights reserved Eurosurveillance is published by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC), Stockholm, Sweden × Email Address This is a required field Please enter a valid email address Approval was a Success Invalid data An Error Occurred Approval was partially successful, following selected items could not be processed due to error Eurosurveillance: http://instance.metastore.ingenta.com/content/site-homepage