Duke Health | Connect with your health care at Duke Health Skip Navigation DukeHealth home page Menu Search Submit Duke Health Find a Doctor Search Treatments Find a Location Schedule Appointments Online For Providers and Researchers Provider Resources Career Opportunities Duke School of Medicine Give Us a Call 855-855-6484 What's New Cancer Appointments Within 48 Hours Our Oncology Access Center team members will schedule your initial comprehensive appointment with a Duke Oncology provider. Learn more. ‘Third Time’s the Charm’ for Indianapolis Woman After Third Lung Transplant at Duke Only 23 people have undergone three double lung transplants in the U.S. as of February 2024. Thirteen of those were performed at Duke Health. Jennifer Weber of Indianapolis is one of them. For most of her life, Weber has lived with cystic fibrosis, a condition that damaged her lungs and other organs. Her first and second transplants were performed in Indiana. After she experienced signs of rejection for the third time, her doctors told her to go to Duke where doctors have performed more than half of the third lung transplants in the U.S. After a year-long recovery, Weber, 50, is back to playing cello in the symphony and just signed up for a mini-marathon. Unruptured Brain Aneurysm: Know the Symptoms and When to Seek Care A ruptured brain aneurysm can be deadly, but most people don’t realize they have a brain aneurysm until it’s too late. That’s because unruptured brain aneurysms rarely cause symptoms. Fortunately, some warning signs can signal when you should seek care. Duke Health neurosurgeon Andrew B. Cutler, MD, a specialist in identifying and treating brain aneurysms, explains what they are and when you should see a doctor. Duke Health Blog More Stories Duke High-Risk Pregnancy Experts Help Heart Transplant Recipient Have a Safe Pregnancy and Healthy Baby Duke Executive Health Makes It Easy for Raleigh CEO to Stay Healthy Pilot Program Ensures Black Men with Prostate Cancer Get the Care They Need Sports Performance Coach Takes the Lead Against Sarcoidosis Thanks to Expert Care at Duke Events See All Mar5 Strong and Limber Tuesday, 9:15AM - 9:55AM Mar5 Aqua Strength Tuesday, 9:30AM - 9:55AM Mar5 Aqua Express Tuesday, 10:00AM - 10:30AM Mar5 Latin Dance Tuesday, 10:15AM - 10:55AM Back to Top Support Duke Health research or honor a loved one with a tribute gift. Giving to Duke Health Duke Health Home Page FacebookFacebook TwitterTwitter YouTubeYouTube InstagramInstagram LinkedInLinkedIn 855-855-6484 Duke Health Anti-Racism Pledge Notice of Nondiscrimination Notice of Privacy Practices Price Transparency Terms and Conditions Website Privacy Policy Duke Children's Duke School of Medicine Duke School of Nursing Duke University About Duke Health Careers Contact Us Email Sign Up Giving Newsroom Referring Physicians Copyright © 2004-2024 Duke University Health System