Broke-Ass Stuart's Website News All News SF Bay Area National COVID Columns Activism Art / Culture Artist You Should Know Charity COVID Eat & Drink Film & Photography Workers Rights Housing Politics Satire/Humor/Comedy Self Care Sex & Dating Travel Videos Events Bay Area Events Submit your event About Who is Broke-Ass Stuart Our Writers Advertise Privacy Policy Wall of Thanks Store Contact Membership X News All News SF Bay Area National COVID Columns Activism Art / Culture Artist You Should Know Charity COVID Eat & Drink Film & Photography Workers Rights Housing Politics Satire/Humor/Comedy Self Care Sex & Dating Travel Videos Events Bay Area Events Submit your event About Who is Broke-Ass Stuart Our Writers Advertise Privacy Policy Wall of Thanks Store Contact Membership subscribe Most Popular 1. Macy’s in Downtown San Francisco is Closing…and it Was Totally Predictable 2. Life as an Illegal Sidewalk Vendor at UN Plaza, SF 3. San Francisco Art Institute is Saved With New Ownership 4. SF Ballet’s Swan Lake is as Addictive as Quack 5. Have Y’all Ever Been to Cavallo Point? 6. How to Start Exploring Kink and BDSM…as a Feminist 7. Why There’s No BAS Voter Guide for This Election 8. All The Cool Stuff Coming To Netflix In March 2024 9. 25 Incredible Gig Poster Artists at Flatstock 91 in SF 10. Fishnets and Film: The Drag Themed Festival! latest 05 Mar 2024 Best Bay Area Events 3/5-3/11 35th Annual Bioneers Conference Join the Bioneers for its 35th Annual conference in venues across downtown Berkeley and at Zellerbach Hall. Three days of movement building feature speakers on a wide range of topics, including: Labor Activist Dolores Huerta; Co-Founder and Lead Organizer of Sogorea Te’ Land Trust, Corrina Gould; Vanessa Gil 0 05 Mar 2024 Someone Lit The Target In Vallejo On Fire It’s been awhile and a lot has happened since my last article. I had a cancer scare, had back surgery, got a new girlfriend, faced a real risk of paralysis and began working with pro-Palestinian activists. So for this article, I’ve decided to go back to my roots and focus Abraham Woodliff - Bay Area Memelord 0 27 Jan 2024 The San Francisco Beer Passport is Here! Step into a world of adventure with the San Francisco Beer Passport. There’s no better way to explore San Francisco than to literally drink it in. This passport is amazing! Each one contains 27 coupons to buy one beer, get a second beer FREE at 27 of the finest locally Broke-Ass Stuart - Editor In Cheap 0 05 Mar 2024 We Probably Had A Tornado Last Weekend… When you think of tornadoes, you probably think of the Midwest or the South, which makes sense, since, you know, that’s where the vast majority of them occur. It’s not too often those of us on the coasts get fucked by the sky, but that is exactly what almost happened Abraham Woodliff - Bay Area Memelord 0 04 Mar 2024 Why This Comic Book Memoir About a Trans Runner Is for Everyone There are some artists who really seem to do it all, and Mylo Choy is one of them. Choy, who uses they/them pronouns, is a true multi-hyphenate, performing music across the country and training as a long-distance runner. But visual art was always there, drawing as one of their earliest Paolo Bicchieri 0 04 Mar 2024 Meet The East Bay Operation Sending Literal Tons of Books Into Prisons It’s as distressing a time on the planet as ever, a one-sided war blasting historic communities in Gaza to smithereens with United States tax dollars funding the whole thing. There are storms blowing the Bay Area sideways, more common and destructive thanks to climate change, and an ever-increasing wealth gap Paolo Bicchieri 0 01 Mar 2024 All The Cool Stuff Coming To Hulu In March 2024 This March on Hulu can be called “embarrassment of riches” month. Loved “Poor Things” and/or “The Zone Of Interest?” See acclaimed earlier films by the directors of these current hits. Missed the Casey Affleck drama that screened as part of this year’s Noise Pop Film Festival? It’s screening again from Peter Wong 0 01 Mar 2024 San Francisco Art Institute is Saved With New Ownership Last year, The San Francisco Art Institute made headlines as it declared bankruptcy, revealing debts exceeding $10 million while only 41 students were actively enrolled. The dire situation prompted the eventual demise of the beloved art education institution. After its closure, a beacon of hope has emerged – the school Katy Atchison 0 Page : 1 2 3 4 … 1,969 Don’t miss a thing The Bay's best newsletter for underground events & news Top Posts COVID Activism Art SF Residents Living with HIV: PRC Can Help! 9 When Is The Mainstream Media Going To Get Bored Of Hating San Francisco? 21 How Cast Iron Skillets Taught Me About Loneliness And Community 43 The San Francisco Gay Men’s Chorus Proves San Francisco Is Still Amazing 32 Why Downtown SF’s Decline Feels Like Karma 105 Meet The East Bay Operation Sending Literal Tons of Books Into Prisons 0 Fishnets and Film: The Drag Themed Festival! 5 OMCA Workers Unionize Joining a National Movement for Change 1 The Silly and Serious Leap Year Protest in Berkeley 1 Big Pro-Palestinian Protest Planned at Biden’s San Francisco Fundraiser 4 Best Bay Area Events 3/5-3/11 0 Why This Comic Book Memoir About a Trans Runner Is for Everyone 1 San Francisco Art Institute is Saved With New Ownership 0 The Amazing International Films at BAMPFA This Spring 1 Fishnets and Film: The Drag Themed Festival! 5 Funny Videos The Best Wild Animal Videos To Put Your Mind at Ease During COVID 374 89 How to know if YOU are a Karen : A Meme History 3.4k 137 Around the World, Wild Animals Appearing on City Streets 449 52 How Drag Pageants Have Changed! The 1990’s to the Digital Now 286 63 Brown Bag Wine Tasting 298 84 get in touch Got a broke-ass tip? Wanna advertise with us? How about write for us? Got any love letters or death threats for me? CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COOKIE POLICY who we are We write for busboys, poets, social workers, students, artists, musicians, magicians, mathematicians, maniacs, yodelers and everyone else out there who wants to enjoy life not as a rich person, but as a real person. Namely, we write for you. subscribe SUBSCRIBE TO THE BEST EMAIL LIST EVER © Broke-Ass StuartSite by Miego Apps Manage Cookie Consent By clicking “Accept” or further browsing this site, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Gimme Your Stinkin' Email So I can send you awesome freebies, weird events, incredible articles, and gold doubloons (note: one of these is not true). We Did It! This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship...or at least frenemy-ship. Smooches! Donate Please Support Our Work - The only thing that keeps us going is support from readers like you. Every contribution makes a huge difference. DONATE NOW