ViaMichelin: Route planner, Maps, Traffic info, Hotels LOGIN Home Page Route planner Maps Hotels Restaurants Tourist sites Traffic Car parks Service stations The Mag Cookie and tracker settings Switch website France Italia España United Kingdom Deutschland Nederland Österreich Suisse (Français) Svizzera (Italiano) Schweiz (Deutsch) Polska Belgique België Portugal Ireland Route planner Maps Route planner Driving directions Fast The route deemed to be the safest and simplest with minimal scope for error along the way. The default recommended route from Michelin. Short The route offering the shortest distance to a destination via the most accessible roads. Journey times for this option will tend to be longer. Economical The most fuel-efficient route that also avoids toll roads. Close A B Reverse Open my favourites Options Search Take traffic into account Caravan My cost options My car Add my car Type of car Hatchback Compact Family Sedan Luxury Hatchback Hatchback Compact Family Sedan Luxury Fuel type B7 (Diesel) E5 (Unleaded) E85 (superethanol) LPG (GPL) Electric CNG (Biomethane) H2 (Hydrogen) B7 (Diesel) B7 (Diesel) E5 (Unleaded) E85 (superethanol) LPG (GPL) Electric CNG (Biomethane) H2 (Hydrogen) EUR CHF CZK DKK GBP HRK HUF NOK PLN SEK UAH USD EUR EUR CHF CZK DKK GBP HRK HUF NOK PLN SEK UAH USD Fuel cost Mileage allowance My route options Route Fast Short Economical Fast Fast Short Economical Distance in Kilometres Miles Kilometres Kilometres Miles No restrictions Avoid motorways Avoid tolls Avoid vignettes (Switzerland...) Avoid off-road connections (ferry, train...) Avoid leaving the country Search My cost options Hatchback E5 (Unleaded) €1.700 My route options Route : Fast Distance in : Kilometres No restrictions Modify my options Hotels Restaurants Tourist sites Service stations Traffic The Mag Route from this place Directions to this place Route via this place Nearby hotels Nearby restaurants Monthly Report Winter Watch Our tips and pointers for getting your car winter ready. LPG 10 misconceptions about LPG Risk of explosion, prohibited in underground carparks, lack of petrol stations, bulky fuel tanks… What’s really true? Renting a car, an attractive proposition for the holidays Renting a car Renting a car can be financially advantageous. Check out our car rental service and all its many benefits. Eco-mobility Green vehicles: which motorisation for which use? Electric, hybrid and alternative fuels: what are the different advantages and limitations? Keep in contact All your mobility info: automobile tips, cutting-edge innovations and inspiring content, motoring routes and traffic updates. Also see our tourist, restaurant and hotel recommendations! Sign up for the Michelin Newsletter. Register Email is incorrect Thank you! To complete your registration, click on the link in the email that we have just sent you. See you soon!If you don’t receive the email, please contact us via this form Manufacture Française des Pneumatiques Michelin will process your email address in order to manage your subscription to the Michelin newsletter. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link included in the newsletter. Learn more All ViaMichelin: London London-Paris Driving directions London Map Lonfon Traffic News London Hotels London Restaurants Maps of Europe Driving directions for Europe Europe Restaurants Driving directions London - Berlin Driving directions London - Madrid Driving directions London - Rome Driving directions London - Paris Driving directions London - Vienna Driving directions Maps Berlin Map Madrid Map Rome Map Paris Map Vienna Map Traffic News Berlin Traffic News Madrid Traffic News Rome Traffic News Paris Traffic News Vienna Traffic News Service Stations Berlin Service Stations Madrid Service Stations Rome Service Stations Paris Service Stations Vienna Service Stations Hotels Berlin Hotels Madrid Hotels Rome Hotels Paris Hotels Vienna Hotels Restaurants Berlin Restaurants Madrid Restaurants Rome Restaurants Paris Restaurants Vienna Restaurants Top Search Tablet Hotels Boutique Hotel Boutique Hotel New York Boutique Hotel Los Angeles Boutique Hotel London Boutique Hotel Paris Which services are offered by ViaMichelin ? ViaMichelin offers the following services: Online mappingMultiple route calculation options with the cost of the journey (fuel, tolls, vignettes) Real-time road traffic infoAccommodation and restaurant reservations for your journey and destinationIn preparation or on the road, for everyday journeys and the holidays, ViaMichelin, through its expertise and know-how, accompanies you to offer peace of mind and the pleasure of discovery. Does ViaMichelin have a mobile application that provides access to road traffic information? ViaMichelin has a free mobile app. It is available as a free download for both Apple and Android. Find Michelin maps, routes and guidance with real-time traffic, GPS Navigation, 3D maps with voice guidance and community alerts. Click here to download the Apple app Click here to download the Android app Which type of routes can you calculate on ViaMichelin ? ViaMichelin offers route and distance calculations between towns, addresses and points of interest for 4 possible modes of transport: car / motorcycle / bike / pedestrian. For car and motorcycle routes you can choose from the following variants: Michelin recommended: this route option focuses on safety, simplicity and minimising any risk of route errors. This is the default route that Michelin recommends. The quickest (prioritising time): this route option takes the least time to reach the destination. The short (prioritising distance): this route option involves the shortest distance to reach the destination, whilst always remaining on passable roads. Discovery: this route option favours scenic routes of tourist interest. Economic: this route focuses on fuel efficiency and avoiding toll roads. You can add up to 6 stages to your route. These stages will also be included in the ViaMichelin GPS app if you have saved your route in your Michelin account. For every calculated route, ViaMichelin offers the choice of two or three itineraries and allows you to make an easy comparison. ViaMichelin can provide a detailed cost for your journey: fuel costs adapted to your vehicle and toll costs throughout Europe. Does ViaMichelin offer real-time traffic information? ViaMichelin provides real-time traffic information. To ensure you are well prepared for your trips, our site offers information on traffic jams, traffic accidents and roadworks, as well as slow moving traffic and weather conditions (snow, rain, ice) . The journey times provided in your route calculations take traffic conditions into account. The impact of traffic levels on your journey time is provided in the « Time » section of your route summary. Is it possible to book accommodation on ViaMichelin? ViaMichelin offers accommodation booking at no extra cost. In partnership with Booking, we offer a wide range of accommodation (hotels, gîtes, B&Bs, campsites, apartments) in your chosen location. You also have the option to read up on and book hotels selected from the MICHELIN Guide. The ViaMichelin advantage: choose a hotel along the route, or close to your destination, and access the Michelin hotel selections through a filter in the results list. Can you look up or book a restaurant on ViaMichelin ? ViaMichelin offers access to free information on restaurants in the MICHELIN Guide , anywhere in the world. A free online booking service is also available for participating restaurants. You can also make a booking with restaurants that are not featured in the MICHELIN Guide selection, for a restaurant stop along your journey or at your destination. Our Consumer Products MICHELIN Guide My Trip Tailor ViaMichelin app iOs ViaMichelin app Android Tablet Hotel Le Fooding Business Services Business solutions API ViaMichelin - Itineraries, Geocoding, Traffic, Mapping, Michelin POI Follow us Michelin Travel on Facebook Michelin Travel on Youtube MICHELIN Restaurants on Youtube MICHELIN Group The Michelin Group Michelin tires Passenger car tire Winter tyres Summer tires Motorbike / Scooter Tires SUV Crossover tires Agricultural tires Blackcircle ATSEuromaster Michelin Collectors Store Truckfly Michelin Lifestyle © MICHELIN 2024 Cookies Legal notice General terms and conditions of use Personal data Credits Contact us My MICHELIN account Work in progress.