Home - Boston Review Help Us Stay Paywall-Free Democracy depends on the free exchange of ideas. Help sustain it with a tax-deductible donation today. Donate Now About Donate Store Subscribe Sign In About Donate Store Subscribe Sign In Search Search Arts in Society Class & Inequality Forum Gender & Sexuality Law Philosophy Politics Race Science Menu Arts in Society Class & Inequality Forum Gender & Sexuality Law Philosophy Politics Race Science Arts in Society Class & Inequality Forum Gender & Sexuality Law Philosophy Politics Race Science About Donate Subscribe Sign In Menu Arts in Society Class & Inequality Forum Gender & Sexuality Law Philosophy Politics Race Science About Donate Subscribe Sign In Politics A Menacing Silence Why is the reality of Palestinian suffering denied in the Israeli consciousness? Oded Na’aman What’s New Most Read Israel and Palestine Ukraine Artificial Intelligence Poetry & Fiction What’s New In the Hot Archive On Lakdhas Wikkramasinha’s vanished histories. Vidyan Ravinthiran “We Are Neither Prophets nor Mad” An interview with poet Fady Joudah about writing his latest collection, […], amid war in Gaza. Fady Joudah Poetry Two Poems From time to time, language dies. / It is dying now. / Who is alive to speak it? Fady Joudah Aaron Bushnell and the Power of Protest A Vietnam veteran on the political legacy of self-sacrifice and the necessity of war resistance. David Cortright The New Blue Divide Democrats increasingly rely on affluent suburbanites. Does that spell the end of a bold economic agenda? A forum with Heather Gautney, Ro Khanna, Dorian Warren, and others. Jacob S. Hacker, Paul Pierson Freeing Free Trade Is there anything left to anti-imperial visions of global commerce? Kate Yoon Most Read How Much Discomfort Is the Whole World Worth? Movement building requires a culture of listening—not mastery of the right language. Mariame Kaba & Kelly Hayes How Misreading Adam Smith Helped Spawn Deaths of Despair The anti-regulatory ethos of libertarian economics has dire consequences. Angus Deaton An Open Letter from Faculty at West Virginia University The crisis here spells disaster for the future of public education. Rose Casey, Jessica Wilkerson, Johanna Winant A Jewish Plea: Stand Up to Israel’s Act of Genocide “Never again” means standing up for Palestinian people. “Never again” means this very moment. Stefanie Fox Liberalism in Mourning Lionel Trilling crystallizes the cynical Cold War liberalism that sacrificed idealism for self-restraint. Samuel Moyn Cop Cities in a Militarized World The United States has long supported the repression of Latin American land defenders. The tactics it exported are coming to the Atlanta forest. Azadeh Shahshahani Israel and Palestine False Messiahs How Zionism’s dreams of liberation became entangled with colonialism. Barnett R. Rubin The Future of Speech on Campus Private universities should respond to the charge of hypocrisy with a maximalist approach to free speech. Ethan Bueno de Mesquita The War on Hospitals Israel’s attacks on health care workers and facilities in Gaza are unprecedented. Joelle M. Abi-Rached There Can Be No Critique Not only does censorship allow the slaughter of Palestinians to continue; it also serves as the mirror and justification for state violence. Judith Butler Can Divestment Campaigns Still Work? Decades after apartheid South Africa, student activists face a new obstacle: the financialization of university endowments. Kian Braulik The Silencing of Fred Dube Forty years ago, the exiled South African activist dared to teach Zionism critically. A furious backlash ensued. Abena Ampofoa Asare Ukraine Forum: How to End the War in Ukraine On stopping the fighting and building the peace. Rajan Menon The Alarming Stakes of German Rearmament Germany has responded to war in Ukraine with huge increases in defense spending, marking a new wave of militarization. Stephen Milder Putin’s Anti-Gay War on Ukraine How the Kremlin weaponizes “traditional values,” portraying LGBT rights as existential threats to the nation. Emil Edenborg Dispatch from Kharkiv National University On the importance of women’s studies after the USSR collapsed, and what it helps us understand about Putin’s war on Ukraine. Irina Zherebkina NATO and the Road Not Taken Condemning Putin’s war must go hand in hand with imagining a more just security order. Rajan Menon What Rule-Based International Order? Putin’s war in Ukraine breaks the rules, but powerful states always do. Far from dying, a just global order remains to be built. Simon Waxman Artificial Intelligence Literature Machines AI-generated novels are here, but they hardly spell the end of fiction. Terry Nguyen Neither Governed nor Free On art in the age of generative AI. James Duesterberg Our Avatars, Ourselves Generative AI has made it possible to create lifelike models of real people. Should we? Mala Chatterjee Could a Large Language Model Be Conscious? Within the next decade, we may well have systems that are serious candidates for consciousness. David J. Chalmers AI’s Future Doesn’t Have to Be Dystopian AI can be used to increase human productivity, create jobs and shared prosperity, and protect and bolster democratic freedoms—but only if we modify our approach. Daron Acemoglu Stop Building Bad AI Justice demands that we think not just about profit or performance, but above all about purpose. Annette Zimmermann Poetry & Fiction Poetry Impenetrable in 1989 you walk the main road to / Tiananmen when the inexplicable / hits Joseph Cuomo Poetry Esprit de l’escalier Why didn’t I just say / people like us here / at this table / should not just talk about politics Peter Dale Scott Poetry Three Poems Relying a little less on the odd language we’d been left inside / we turned back to feeling: — / more moan, more mumble. Joy Priest Poetry Unlucky Drowning is something that happens to others, not to them. Hannah Liberman Poetry I Can’t Believe We’re Returning to the Garden trudging back to Eden. Alfredo Véa Jr. Chicano Frankenstein How can you have thoughts without words? The man turned back to his coffee and drank. It was cold. Breakfast was done. Time to move on. Daniel A. Olivas Our Latest Issue Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson lead a forum on the transformation of the Democratic Party—with responses from Ro Khanna, Lily Geismer, Dorian Warren, Heather Gautney, Larry Bartels, and others. Plus essays on Zionism and colonialism, geopolitics after October 7, and Walter Rodney’s radical legacy; poetry by Fady Joudah; and more. Order Now Get Our Newsletter Vital reading on politics, ideas, and culture delivered straight to your inbox. Enter your email address here: Sign Up Virtual Event Series Don’t miss our free, virtual events with leading scholars, writers, and activists. Sign Up Here Reading List The Death and Life of the Author Art, literature, and authorship in the age of generative AI. Forum: A Different Freedom American empire pushes freedom down a corrosive path—but that path is not the only one. Aziz Rana with Lea Ypi, Olúfẹmi O. Táíwò, Jefferson Cowie, Adom Getachew, and others A political and literary forum, independent and nonprofit since 1975. Registered 501(c)(3) organization. Learn more about our mission Become a Member Make a tax-deductible donation today Categories Arts in Society Class & Inequality Gender & Sexuality Law Arts in Society Class & Inequality Gender & Sexuality Law Philosophy Politics Race Science Philosophy Politics Race Science Explore Forum Special Projects Reading Lists Browse by Tag Print Issue Archive Forum Special Projects Reading Lists Browse by Tag Print Issue Archive More Info About Contact Submissions Fellowship Events About Contact Submissions Fellowship Events Donate Store Subscribe Home Donate Store Subscribe Home Get Our Newsletter Vital reading on politics, literature,and more in your inbox Sign Up © 2024 All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions "A tremendous resource in this time of chaos." We publish leading scholars, activists, and writers on the most pressing political debates of our time. But as a small nonprofit, we rely on reader support. Will you help support bold thinking about a more just world? Donate Now "An indispensable pillar of the public sphere." That’s what sociologist Alondra Nelson says of Boston Review. Independent and nonprofit, we believe in the power of collective reasoning and imagination to create a more just world. That’s why there are no paywalls on our website, but we can’t do it without the support of our readers. Will you make a tax-deductible contribution today? Donate Now