Friends of the Earth | Home Skip to main content Donate Home About us How we're run Our history Successes Charitable Trust Our network Our local action groups Friends of the Earth Cymru Friends of the Earth Northern Ireland Our international network My World My Home Our work Climate and energy Fossil free future Energy crisis Net zero Nature and environment Double tree cover Planet over Profit Postcode Gardeners System change Trade Planning and environmental law Anti-racism Near me Take action Ways to donate Planet Protectors Send an e-card Shop Fundraise for Friends of the Earth Act now Sign a petition Join a local action group Switch to green companies Work with us Business partnerships Jobs and volunteering Latest Press releases Publications Donate Help us hold government to account Join today Crisis in Britain A new report, commissioned by Friends of the Earth and produced by the Institute of Health Equity, has revealed the terrible cost of Britain's cold homes on people's physical and mental health. As reported by the Guardian, almost 10 million UK households are living in poorly insulated homes and likely can't afford improvements.Find out how millions are being left out in the cold and what solutions are urgently needed, including a national insulation programme. How cold homes are impacting our health Be part of the change Never miss a thing... Keep up to date with our campaigns and how you can get involved, including whether you can help with a donation First name Last name Email Sign up for news This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Leave this field blank What we've achieved We're the UK's largest grassroots network.From our campaigners and lawyers to local groups and supporters, we push for change on causes that matter to you, like:Protecting your local area and making it more climate friendly.Taking government to court over projects that harm our environment.Fighting for environmental and social justice globally. See what we've achieved News from our grassroots network This tool requires Javascript to be enabled on your browser Your questions answered What happens to bees in the winter? Have you ever wondered where bees go in winter and how extreme weather affects our vulnerable bees? What happens to bees in the winter? Have you ever wondered where bees go in winter and how extreme weather affects our vulnerable bees? Which environmental protections are under threat? Our rivers and seas are full of sewage but instead of cleaning them up, the UK government want to unravel the rules that protect the environment. If we want safeguard people and nature, we need to keep these legal protections in place. Find out what’s at risk. Which environmental protections are under threat? Our rivers and seas are full of sewage but instead of cleaning them up, the UK government want to unravel the rules that protect the environment. If we want safeguard people and nature, we need to keep these legal protections in place. Find out what’s at risk. Is the UK ready for climate change? Find out what climate adaptation is, how the UK is unprepared for the climate crisis, and why we're taking government to court over its adaptation plan. Is the UK ready for climate change? Find out what climate adaptation is, how the UK is unprepared for the climate crisis, and why we're taking government to court over its adaptation plan. In focus Lord Deben intervenes in climate High Court legal challenge Published: 21 Feb 2024 | 6 minute read The Conservative Peer has backed Friends of the Earth's legal claim against the government Climate Press release Podcast episode: Warming, Decarbonising, Celebrating Published: 02 Feb 2024 | 1 minute read Many faith buildings act as "warm banks" for their communities. But how can they afford to provide these critical spaces in times of energy price hikes without relying on climate-wrecking fossil fuels? Listen to the latest podcast episode. About General Energy Why are we taking action on Palestine? Published: 24 Jan 2024 | 2 minute read Why is Friends of the Earth speaking out on Palestine? We explain why we're acting in solidarity with those affected by the war on Gaza. About Social justice No Gas Caverns under Larne Lough Published: 18 Oct 2023 | 2 minute read We're supporting the No Gas Caverns campaign group to try and stop huge gas storage caves being dug under Larne Lough, as well as prevent brine from creating a dead zone in a marine protected area. Climate Northern Ireland Local groups Never miss a thing... Keep up to date with our campaigns and how you can get involved, including whether you can help with a donation First name Last name Email Sign up for news This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Leave this field blank About us Local action groups Policy and insight Publications and reports Supporter promise Charitable Trust Jobs eCards Shop Press Contact Privacy Copyright Cookies Friends of the Earth Limited (Reg. No. 1012357) is incorporated in England and Wales. Registered office: 1st Floor, The Printworks, 139 Clapham Road, London, SW9 0HP Friends of the Earth Limited (“Friends of the Earth”) receives grants from Friends of the Earth Charitable Trust, a registered charity in England and Wales with charity number 281681 © Friends of the Earth Limited | Friends of the Earth privacy policy