Gallup - Workplace Consulting & Global Research Notice: JavaScript is not enabled. Please Enable JavaScript Safely. skip to main content About Us Locations Careers Contact Us Subscribe Consulting Expertise Employee Engagement Create a culture that ensures employees are involved, enthusiastic and highly productive in their work and workplace. Employee Experience Analyze and improve the experiences across your employee life cycle, so your people and organization can thrive. Leadership Identify and enable future-ready leaders who can inspire exceptional performance. Culture Transformation Understand the culture you have, define the one you want and make your organizational identity a competitive advantage. Customer Centricity Put the customer at the core of every part of your organization to deliver exceptional experiences and grow your business. Organizational Effectiveness Ensure that you have the right strategy, culture, people, structure and processes in place to achieve your goals. Services & Solutions Featured CliftonStrengths® Assessment Gallup Access Platform Q12® Survey Gallup World Poll Leading with Strengths Books Workplace Solutions Learn how to develop and engage employees to create an exceptional workplace and boost your business outcomes. Public Sector Solutions Learn how to discover the data you need to help your organization make better decisions and create meaningful change. CliftonStrengths® Solutions Learn how to use the CliftonStrengths® assessment and strengths-based development to accomplish your goals. Education Solutions Learn how to improve your students’ development and engagement so they can thrive in and out of the classroom. Learning & Events Featured Gallup at Work Summit Gallup Global Strengths Coach Course Boss to Coach Journey Learning Discover courses and other experiences that bring out what’s best in you, the people around you and your entire organization. View All Events Browse webinars and in-person learning sessions to fit your interests. News & Indicators Gallup News Get our latest insights on the topics that matter most to leaders around the world. Global Indicators Explore the official statistics for measuring what matters most at work and in life, including: Employee Engagement Employee Retention & Attraction Leadership & Management Life Evaluation Index View More Global Indicators Featured Newsletters Gallup at Work Front Page CliftonStrengths® Insights Education Insights Browse All Shop Sign in About Us Locations Careers Contact Us Subscribe Gallup Consulting Expertise Employee Engagement Create a culture that ensures employees are involved, enthusiastic and highly productive in their work and workplace. Employee Experience Analyze and improve the experiences across your employee life cycle, so your people and organization can thrive. Leadership Identify and enable future-ready leaders who can inspire exceptional performance. Culture Transformation Understand the culture you have, define the one you want and make your organizational identity a competitive advantage. Customer Centricity Put the customer at the core of every part of your organization to deliver exceptional experiences and grow your business. Organizational Effectiveness Ensure that you have the right strategy, culture, people, structure and processes in place to achieve your goals. Services & Solutions Featured CliftonStrengths® Assessment Gallup Access Platform Q12® Survey Gallup World Poll Leading with Strengths Books Workplace Solutions Learn how to develop and engage employees to create an exceptional workplace and boost your business outcomes. Public Sector Solutions Learn how to discover the data you need to help your organization make better decisions and create meaningful change. CliftonStrengths® Solutions Learn how to use the CliftonStrengths® assessment and strengths-based development to accomplish your goals. Education Solutions Learn how to improve your students’ development and engagement so they can thrive in and out of the classroom. Learning & Events Featured Gallup at Work Summit Gallup Global Strengths Coach Course Boss to Coach Journey Learning Discover courses and other experiences that bring out what’s best in you, the people around you and your entire organization. View All Events Browse webinars and in-person learning sessions to fit your interests. News & Indicators Gallup News Get our latest insights on the topics that matter most to leaders around the world. Global Indicators Explore the official statistics for measuring what matters most at work and in life, including: Employee Engagement Employee Retention & Attraction Leadership & Management Life Evaluation Index View More Global Indicators Featured Newsletters Gallup at Work Front Page CliftonStrengths® Insights Education Insights Browse All Shop Sign in Search Workplace Consulting and Survey Research That Helps Our Clients Succeed Hologic Index A Wake-Up Call for Women's Health The latest Hologic Global Women's Health Index survey results reveal the health of the world's women is no better today than it was at the height of the pandemic. Read Article about the latest Hologic Global Women's Health Index survey data Key Findings for 2024 The Workplace Trends Leaders Must Watch in the New Year Six critical issues you should pay attention to in your organization. Read Article about 6 workplace trends leaders must watch in 2024 CHRO Insights Leadership Strategies for a Strong, Flexible Work Culture How members of our CHRO Roundtable say they're helping their managers improve engagement and wellbeing amid hybrid work. Read Article about leadership strategies for CHROs Meta-Gallup Study The State of Global Connections Meta and Gallup study how connected or lonely people feel across 142 countries and areas. Get Report about global social connections and loneliness Featured WorkplaceThe New Challenge of Engaging Younger Workers EducationNew Perspective: Improving the K-12 Teacher Experience WellbeingLess Than Half of Americans "Very Satisfied" With Own Lives EconomyEconomic Mood Improves, but Inflation Still Vexing Americans WorldIraq: Signs of Stability in a Volatile Region Trending Biden's Job Approval Edges Down to 38%Americans Remain Committed to NATO, Critical of UNIn New Workplace, U.S. Employee Engagement StagnatesIran Votes: Lukewarm on Leadership, Cool on EconomyBlack, Hispanic Students at Greatest Risk of Leaving ProgramImmigration Surges to Top of Most Important Problem ListDemocrats Lose Ground With Black and Hispanic Adults View More Get Gallup Insights Directto Your Inbox Label sign up Partnering With Purpose Learn how we help our clients identify & solve their most important problems. View All Client Stories to learn about all of their accomplishments Starting With Culture at KinderCare Read Story about KinderCare's work with Gallup More on Employee Engagement A Journey to Employee Engagement at Southwest Airlines Read Story about how Southwest Airlines uses a strengths-based approach to improve employee engagement More on Strengths-Based Organizations A Culture of Consistent, Genuine Care at Kempinski Hotels Read Story about how Kempinski Hotels embraces a culture where employees come first More on Employee Engagement Building a Strengths-Based Culture at Estée Lauder Companies Read Story about how Estee Lauder Companies uses a strengths-based approach More on Strengths-Based Organizations Improving the Student Experience at the University of Tennessee Watch Video about how the University of Tennessee uses CliftonStrengths Read Story about how the University of Tennessee uses strengths-based development to improve student confidence and wellbeing Engagement Leads to Excellence at Ameritas Read Story about how Ameritas improves and sustains employee engagement More on Employee Engagement Using a Talent Offense to Succeed at Stryker Read Story More on Strengths-Based Organizations Measuring Financial Inclusion With World Bank Read Story about how Gallup helps World Bank measure financial inclusion More on Global Research Tracking the World's Happiness With the United Nations Read Story about how Gallup works with the United Nations More on Global Research Measuring the Global Indicators of What Matters Most at Work and in Life We use our unmatched understanding of the human experience to help our clients and the billions of people they serve thrive. Open video Close Video: Gallup: Helping Clients Identify & Solve Their Most Important Problems Careers Learn more about life at Gallup, and find an opportunity to thrive at work. Explore Careers Media Center Use our press kit and submit your media inquiries to inform your coverage. Visit Center About Us Get to know who we are, what we do and how we make an impact on the world. Learn More about Gallup Gallup About Us Careers Locations News Store Media Center Gallup Speakers Customer Support Contact us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Subscribe to Our Latest Insights Sign Up Copyright © 2024 Gallup, Inc. All rights reserved. Cookie Preferences Privacy Statement Legal Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information California Collection Notice