fxguide – vfx and 3D news Skip to content enter search text articles podcasts login enter search text Main Menu articles podcasts login Search for: aboutAccountArticlesArticles-Origbecome an fxinsidercontactContact – olddownloadFAQforumsFrom camera to screen – maximising your DCP pipelinehelp support fxguideHome PageLoginNAB Live 2012playerPodcastsPrivacy PolicyRent Office Space SydneyResumesThank YouWe’ll miss you, Jeff fxpodcast #365 Ian Spriggs: Digital Portrait Artist fxpodcast #365 Masters of the Air BAFTA Film Awards 2024 Winner: Poor Things And the world just shifted on its axis (again): SORA video AI Shooting the Emmy winning Welcome to Wrexham fxpodcast #365 Ian Spriggs: Digital Portrait Artist Ian Spriggs is an unbelievable digital artist creating the most believably insightful portraits. Read fxpodcast #365 Masters of the Air Masters of the Air VFX supervisor Stephen Rosenbaum and Mike’s 1000th podcast here at fxguide Read BAFTA Film Awards 2024 Winner: Poor Things Congrats to the winner of the BAFTA for VFX: Poor Things – Simon Hughes. Listen to Simon discuss the film in our fxpodcast. Read And the world just shifted on its axis (again): SORA video AI We look at the new jaw-dropping SORA video diffusion models. Read Shooting the Emmy winning Welcome to Wrexham Emmy winning Welcome to Wrexham with the URSA Mini Pro 12K Read In Concert: Black Pink and Doja Cat – In Your Face The Diamond Bros have been doing VR concerts for years. Their latest are Black Pink in Korea and Doja Cat In Detroit. Read Oscar Nominees 2024 Congrats to all the artists and teams behind this year’s great set of films. Read Dumb Money: Clever Effects VFX Supervisor Sam O’Hare and Fusion Studio for the visual effects in Dumb Money Read BAFTA Nominations 2024 Congrats to all the 2024 BAFTA Nominations and artist who worked on these great projects. Read RSP: ML in Nuke with Revize RSP REVIZE ML pipeline integrated into NUKE Read VES Award Nominations 2024 Congratulations to all the nominated VFX supervisors, VFX producers, and hands-on artists. Read Should you update your Apple Gear for Pro Work? We road test the iPhone 15 Max and M3 Max MacBook Pro for professional work. Read VFXShow 279: Godzilla Minus One The team discuss Takashi Yamazaki’s remarkable Godzilla Minus One. Read Framestore: The Crown Series 6 VFX Breakdown Framestore’s VFX reel from the Crown Season 6 Read The 16 Scientific and Technical Awards for this year’s Academy Awards Developers of USD, Marvelous Designer, OpenVDB are among this years Sci-Tech Winners Read fxpodcast #364: Mission Impossible: Dead Reckoning Part One & the Start of Awards Session At this the start of award season, we talk to ILM’s Alex Wuttke about Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One. Read SIGGRAPH ASIA 2023 A wrap up of SIGGRAPH ASIA’s Featured Presentations. Read VFXShow 278: Poor Things For our Christmas episode, the team discuss the visuals of Poor Things. Read fxpodcast #363: Poor Things We talk to Union VFX about their work with miniatures, LED volumes, and how to fit the head of a pig on the body of a Chicken(!) for the remarkable: Poor Things. Read VFXShow 277: Napoleon The team join Napoleon on the Battlefield to discuss Ridley Scott historical epic. Read The Meep may not inherit the Earth, thanks to Dr Who and Untold Studios Untold Studios worked with Bad Wolf to help bring the BBC’s 60th Anniversary of Doctor Who to life, with a major focus on The Meep in the ep, ‘The Star Beast’. Read What’s happening at Siggraph Asia next week SIGGRAPH Asia starts next week the line up of featured speakers is one of the most interesting we’ve seen in years. Read fxpodcast #362: All Around U2 We talk with Peter Kirkup, disguise solutions director, about how U2’s 16K LED visuals at The Sphere were created. Read Installing a high-end small production LED volume Sony with Peerless-AV recently installed a small LED Volume that serves as a case study in the deployment of newer & smaller LED Volumes. Read 1 2 3 … 143 Next » Load More copyright © fxguide, LLC about contact