California Governor Skip to Main Content CA.gov Home Share via Facebook Share via Instagram TikTok Share via Twitter Share via YouTube Settings Default High Contrast Reset Increase Font Size Font Increase Decrease Font Size Font Decrease Dyslexic font × Search Menu About Governor Newsom First Partner Newsroom Appointments Appointments Judicial First Partner First Partner Jennifer Siebel Newsom California For All Women California For All Kids #MetoWe Contact Contact Scheduling Request Custom Google Search Submit Close Search Governor Gavin Newsom California’s values aren’t just a point of pride; they are the very fabric of our state’s history and our future. California has been on the leading edge of change, enacting bold reforms that reflect those values. It is that entrepreneurial and innovative spirit that has allowed California’s diversity to flourish and economy to grow and become one of the largest in the world. Learn more about the Governor California for All The California Dream — the idea that every person can achieve a better life, regardless of where they start out — is central to who we are as Californians. Even in a time of economic growth and record employment, too many Californians are experiencing the squeeze of stagnant wages and the rising price of building-block necessities such as housing, health care, education, and child care. We can and must reanimate the California Dream, building a California for All. Featured News & Updates Millions of Californians to Get Average of $146 in Credits on their April Utility Bills Thanks to State’s Climate Program Feb 29, 2024WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW: California will provide a total of $2.7 billion in utility bill credits thanks to the State’s Cap-and-Trade Program that funds critical climate action. SACRAMENTO – Today, Governor Gavin Newsom announced millions of Californians will receive an... read more Star Wars’ The Mandalorian & Grogu to be Filmed in California Through the State’s Film and TV Tax Credit Program Feb 26, 2024 WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW: To date, California’s Film and TV Tax Credit Program has generated over $24 billion in economic output and supported more than 188,000 cast and crew from films like Top Gun: Maverick, Captain Marvel, Space Jam 2, and many more. Lucasfilm’s “The... read more State Reaffirms Right to Contraceptive Care Feb 22, 2024WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW: California is making sure people know about their right to access contraception, including minors, 12-month supplies, and non-prescription emergency contraception. Pharmacists, major pharmaceutical companies, health plans, and Californians... read more How California has Captured Water from Storms Feb 21, 2024WHAT TO KNOW: California is streamlining water capture projects and taking advantage of storms to boost water supplies; ongoing priorities, like the Delta Conveyance Project and Sites Reservoir, will expand this system even more. SACRAMENTO – California is taking... read more Ahead of Severe Winter Storm, Governor Newsom Activates State Operations Center Feb 18, 2024SACRAMENTO – Governor Gavin Newsom today announced actions the state is taking as another potentially dangerous winter storm is set to impact much of California between now and Wednesday. The storm is anticipated to be brief but intense. Governor Newsom has activated... read more Visit Newsroom First Partner Jennifer Siebel Newsom Jennifer Siebel Newsom is an award-winning filmmaker, advocate, and founder of the nonprofit organization The Representation Project, which inspires individuals and communities to challenge limiting gender stereotypes and shift norms. Meet the First Partner Application for Appointment To all persons interested in applying for a position in the Office of the Governor: Thank you for your interest in being considered for an appointment to a position in California state government. Apply Online Website Accessibility Certification Back to Top Contact Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Amber Alert Register to Vote Organizational Chart Clemency – Commutations and Pardons Archive Facebook Instagram RSS X Copyright © State of California Powered by: CAWeb Publishing Service