The Monthly | Australian politics, society & culture GO Current Issue Newsletters Podcasts Search LoginSubscribe Dark mode Search Log in Current Issue All Issues Essays The Nation Reviewed Vox Arts & Letters Noted Online Latest The Politics Podcasts Newsletters The Monthly is a magazine published by Schwartz Media. For subscription enquiries, call 1800 077 514 or email [email protected] For editorial enquiries, email [email protected] © 2024 The Monthly. All rights reserved. The Monthly | Australian politics, society & culture The March issue SUBSCRIBE READ E-BOOK In The March Issue Society Letter from Dunkley By Steve Dow As a byelection drew the nation’s focus to the scrappy suburb of the author’s childhood, a visit revealed the damage wrought by the housing crisis Culture The interesting Mr Williams By Martin McKenzie-Murray At a time when the ABC faces more pressure than ever before, is its new chair the right person for the job? Education The Tate race By Anna Krien Online misogyny touted by the likes of Andrew Tate (awaiting trial for human trafficking and rape) is radicalising Australian schoolboys Issues and policies Tax to grind By Richard Denniss Tax reform should not be centred on what we want, but on who we want to be March New issue out now READ SUBSCRIBE Essays Right arrow Culture The interesting Mr Williams Martin McKenzie-Murray At a time when the ABC faces more pressure than ever before, is its new chair the right person for the job? Culture Whose ABC? By Jonathan Green Amid questions of relevance and culture war hostilities, the ABC’s charter clearly makes the case for a government-funded national broadcaster Education The Tate race By Anna Krien Online misogyny touted by the likes of Andrew Tate (awaiting trial for human trafficking and rape) is radicalising Australian schoolboys Law and order By her own words By Justine McGill How systemic misconceptions around women’s guilt led to a 20-year miscarriage of justice for Kathleen Folbigg Online Latest Right arrow Television In ‘House of Gods’, Sydney’s Muslim community gets to be complicated By Tara Kenny Plus, Barnaby Joyce shines in ‘Nemesis’, Emma Seligman and Rachel Sennott deliver ‘Bottoms’, and Chloë Sevigny and Molly Ringwald step up for ‘Feud: Capote vs. The Swans’. Film International Film Festival Rotterdam highlights By Shane Danielsen Films from Iran, Ukraine and Bundaberg were deserving winners at this year’s festival Television ‘Expats’ drills down on Hong Kong’s class divide By Tara Kenny Plus, Netflix swallows Trent Dalton, Deborah Mailman remains in ‘Total Control’ and ‘Vanderpump Rules’ returns for another season Music Three overlooked albums of spiritual jazz from 2023 By Chris Johnston Recent releases by kora player John Haycock, trumpeter Matthew Halsall and 14-piece jazz ensemble Ancient Infinity Orchestra feel like a refuge from reality The Nation Reviewed Right arrow Issues and policies Tax to grind By Richard Denniss Tax reform should not be centred on what we want, but on who we want to be Society Letter from Dunkley By Steve Dow As a byelection drew the nation’s focus to the scrappy suburb of the author’s childhood, a visit revealed the damage wrought by the housing crisis Environment Lines in the sand By Anthony Ham By failing to take Indigenous knowledge seriously, a scientific paper speculating on the origin of WA desert ‘fairy circles’ misses the mark Vox Right arrow Moment to arrive By Kris Kneen The experience of literally finding one’s voice as a non-binary person after the physical transformations of hormone therapy, and what that process meant for a sense of self Arts & Letters Right arrow Books An imagined life: David Malouf By Susan Johnson Celebrating the literary great’s 90th birthday with a visit to his incongruous home of Surfers Paradise to discuss a life in letters Architecture Full circle: The Parramatta Aquatic Centre By David Neustein The sunken circle of Grimshaw and ABA’s public pool design is a nod to Governor Brisbane’s nearby 19th-century Bath House Film Pure things: Tony McNamara By Harry Windsor How the Australian screenwriter of ‘Poor Things’, who cut his teeth on shows such as ‘The Secret Life of Us’, earnt his second Oscar nomination Film The dread of the author: ‘American Fiction’ and ‘Argylle’ By Shane Danielsen Cord Jefferson’s satire about Black artists fighting white perceptions of their work runs out of ideas, while Matthew Vaughn’s spy movie parody has no ideas of its own Noted Right arrow Books Sheila Heti’s ‘Alphabetical Diaries’ By Mireille Juchau The Canadian writer’s presentation of sentence-long entries from her diaries, organised alphabetically, delivers a playful and unpredictable self-examination Books Lauren Oyler’s ‘No Judgement’ By Ella Mittas The American author and critic’s essay collection moves from her gripes with contemporary cultural criticism to personal reflection Life sentences Right arrow ‘When I hear about the hole in the sky / Saltwater wells in my eyes’ By Justin Heazlewood The author is pleased to learn Julian Lennon had it wrong about a hole in the ozone layer, putting his Tasmanian childhood anxieties at ease Podcasts Right arrow 7am The Australian teachers quitting over Andrew Tate Contributor to The Monthly and the author of Night Games Anna Krien on the “misogynist radicalisation” happening in our schools. HOST Ange McCormack GUEST Anna Krien 7am ‘Enough is enough’: a mother’s fight for justice over her son’s death in custody The mother and sister of Joshua Kerr, Donnas and Maggie, on their family’s tragedy and why rates of Aboriginal deaths in custody aren’t getting any better. HOST Ange McCormack GUEST Aunty Donnas Kerr, Maggie Kerr 7am The most powerful minister you’ve never heard of Contributor to The Saturday Paper, Royce Kurmelovs, on the most powerful minister nobody’s heard of and the further influence she may soon have. HOST Cheyne Anderson GUEST Royce Kurmelovs The Magazine View all issues Sunday Reads The best of The Monthly from the past week. Every Sunday. By providing your email, you agree to our terms and conditions. Email Password Forgot password? Or sign in with your existing account from Or, log in with email only We’ll email you a single use code for a password-free sign in. SEND LINK If this email address is registered with us, you'll receive a magic link that will sign you into your account. Sorry, we had a problem at our end, please try again shortly. By logging in you agree to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. Want some assistance? Contact us. back to top Subscribe Newsletters Latest Essays The Nation Reviewed Vox Arts and Letters Noted Podcasts All Issues SWIPE FOR MORE The Monthly About Contact Advertise Editorial Guidelines Subscribe Forgot Password Help Centre Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Career Find a Stockist Feedback More from Schwartz Media Read The Saturday Paper Quarterly Essay Australian Foreign Affairs Listen 7am Podcast The Weekend Read Connect The Monthly is a magazinepublished by Schwartz Media. Subscriptions Phone 1800 077 514 Email [email protected] Editorial Email [email protected] © 2024 The Monthly. All rights reserved.