The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights Mobile Menu Overlay Home About Our Work Events Take Action Press & Media Podcast Blog Library Contact Us Switch to: Education Fund Careers Shop Donate Right Arrow An arrow pointing to the right Switch to: Education Fund Careers Shop Donate About Us History The Coalition Task Forces Board of Directors Staff Careers Internships Voting Record 70th Anniversary Ways to Give Our Work Democracy Census and Data Equity Courts Voting Rights Justice Immigrant Rights Justice Reform Policing Inclusion & Opportunity Economic Justice Education Equity Fighting Hate & Bias Center for Civil Rights and Technology Take Action Press & Media Advocacy Letters Amicus Briefs Reports Library Podcast Blog Building an America as good as its ideals. Learn more Since 1950 The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights is the nation's oldest, largest, and most diverse civil and human rights coalition. From the beginning, we were forged to fight the intractable — together. Our history At a time when our nation's progress and highest values are in peril, we are marshaling our shared power to promote and protect civil and human rights. Learn more about our work Democracy Decennial Census Courts Voting Rights Justice Immigrant Rights Justice Reform Policing Inclusion & Opportunity Economic Security Education Equity Fighting Hate & Bias Center for Civil Rights and Technology Urgent Action! Fight for Democracy Our democracy works best when all of our voices are heard. But this year alone, lawmakers have introduced hundreds of bills to restrict voting in blatant attempts to drown out the voices of Americans — particularly Black and Brown voters. Tell your senators to support S. 1, the For the People Act, and make voting fair and accessible, get big money out of politics, and hold public officials accountable. Act now Our key campaigns Vision for Justice Envisioning a new approach to public safety that honors the dignity and human rights of all people And Still I Vote Protecting the freedom to vote and realizing the promise of democracy for all in America Accountable Now Collecting and sharing police use of force data to end violence and reimagine public safety The latest from civilrights.org Vector Smart Object The Leadership Conference Celebrates Reintroduction of John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act to Protect the Freedom to Vote Voting Rights News / February 29, 2024 Vector Smart Object The Leadership Conference Applauds Department of Education Toolkit on Voter Registration Education News, Voting Rights News / February 26, 2024 Join the fight for justice, inclusion, and fairness for all. Library Advocacy Letters Comments Factsheets Reports Testimony Press & Media Action Alerts Events Press Releases News About The Coalition Task Forces Board of Directors Staff Careers Accessibility Take Action Get Involved Ways to Give Donate Phone: (202) 466-3311 1620 L Street NW, Suite 1100, Washington, DC 20036 Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Contact Us CivilRights.org is the joint website of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights & The Leadership Conference Education Fund. ©2024 The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights/The Leadership Conference Education Fund. All rights reserved. Splash Statement Center for Civil Rights and Technology Join the fight Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility