Herald & Review | Breaking News | Read Decatur, IL and Illinois breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Illinois sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 63° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Regional Politics Business Education Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorial Columnists Cartoons Sports High School College Professional Betting Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Announcements Submit an Announcement Arts & Theatre Local Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Contests & Promotions Comics Games & Puzzles Columns Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Join the community News tip Share video Share a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Shop Local I Love A Deal Public Notice Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Helpcenter Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs 63° Mostly Cloudy 3 seek to be the voice for the dead in Macon County coroner's race Macon County coroner's race attracts a lot of attention in this year's Republican primary. Federal kidnap trial opens in Springfield Prosecutors say Decatur businessman was lured to house and abducted at gunpoint in $400,000 ransom plot. Decatur house fire deemed 'suspicious' A firefighters called to the 800 block of North Monroe Street early Monday. Decatur Christian School students 'meet' Corrie ten Boom thanks to dramatist Gayle Haas Dramatist Gayle Haas visited Decatur Christian School to portray Corrie ten Boom in a lesson about the Holocaust and forgiveness. Soybean market keeping close watch on South America What's going on with the soybean harvest in Brazil, and how could it affect U.S. farmers? One expert weighs in. Trump remains on Illinois primary ballot following Supreme Court ruling Illinois Republican Party Chairman Don Tracy called the decision a "victory for the voters," while Gov. J.B. Pritzker expressed confidence that Democrats would "beat (Trump) at the ballot box." Lincoln girls complete perfect season with 3A state championship Okawville, Peoria Notre Dame, Loyola also win state titles. Readers' Choice 2024 2 sentenced for car thefts in Harristown, Warrensburg and Niantic Two Decatur men are serving prison sentences for a string of crimes targeting vehicles in the Harristown, Warrensburg and Niantic area. Downstate congressional race highlights GOP’s move to the right The southern Illinois congressional race between Darren Bailey and Mike Bost represents the evolution of Republican conservativism in Illinois and across the nation, experts say. Sex assault charge against Decatur man dropped in plea deal A criminal sexual assault charge has been dismissed against a Decatur man as part of a deal in which he pleaded guilty to domestic battery causing bodily harm. Decatur Polar Plunge raises more than $72K for Special Olympics The Polar Plunge on Saturday raised more than $72,000 for Region I Special Olympics as hardy souls ran into 44-degree Lake Decatur during the event. Mount Zion defeats MacArthur in Lincoln Sectional finals behind Brayden Trimble Brayden Trimble gutted out 18 points to lead the Braves (34-1) to a 61-48 victory and a spot in Monday’s super-sectional against Centralia. Pritzker plan to repeal grocery tax would mean less funding for services, Central Illinois city leaders say While Pritzker said earlier this week that he won’t back down, many city leaders across Central Illinois say they will oppose the change because of harmful effects to their budgets. Decatur schools to begin parent engagement initiative Decatur Public Schools will launch a parental engagement initiative this spring. Issues remain following cyber attack at Richland Community College Phones and other systems remain down but classes continuing as usual. 'Beast mode' defendant leaves trail of destruction, cops say Decatur man accused of smashing his way into one apartment and then smashing his way through the wall into another as he fled pursuing officers. Principal for a Day gives students, community leaders a chance to meet Decatur Public Schools held Principal for a Day activities on Thursday, inviting community leaders to visit schools and meet students. Lincoln looks to complete undefeated season at 3A State Tournament The Railsplitters are 36-0 and No. 1-ranked. Traveling Holocaust exhibit opening at Mattoon mall The "Courage to Remember" exhibit will be open March 4-29 at the Cross County Mall and is scheduling school field trips. Bobbie Lane's reopens in new downtown Decatur location Eight months after renovations began on the building, Bobbie Lane’s BBQ has opened in their new location. Want to see Taylor Swift in Miami? How to enter Richland Foundation's ticket raffle Paging Taylor Swift fans: Want to see her perform in Miami? Richland Community College Foundation's latest fundraising effort might be up your alley. Wonky maps minimize voters, sway balance of power in US elections Gerrymandering isn't new, but experts say a small number of pending redistricting battles could help determine which party controls the U.S. House of Representatives after this year's elections. Rodney Walker: A St. Teresa 'Bulldog for life' Rodney Walker spoke to St. Teresa High School students for their Black History Month celebration on Wednesday. Walker is an alumnus of the school, where he was a basketball standout. Convicted drug dealer caught with gun gets 8 years Cops found stolen weapon in traffic stop and then raided defendant's home to find drugs. Cops describe fatal Decatur shooting They now believe the victim died in a targeted killing rather than a random act of violence. Central Illinois weather surpasses records Decatur, Mattoon and Bloomington broke temperature records Tuesday. MacArthur boys basketball beats Springfield Sacred Heart-Griffin at sectionals MacArthur started three of the four quarters in the 63-36 throttling of Springfield Sacred Heart-Griffin with big runs to advance to the sectional finals. Decatur schools hire director of teaching and learning Decatur Public Schools Board of Education approved hiring Edwin Robinson as director of teaching and learning at its meeting on Tuesday. Decatur intersection closed for shooting investigation An active shooting investigation has diverted the morning commuters route at the intersection of Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. and Pershing Road. The Latest Ameren Illinois Ameren Illinois director of public relations, Tucker Kennedy, talks the green grid of the future. Community Church of God organizes donations Coroner candidates to speak The three Republicans and one Democrat seeking to become the next Macon County Coroner will speak Tuesday evening in Decatur. Gayle Haas as Corrie ten Boom Gayle Haas visited Decatur Christian School on Monday with her portrayal of Corrie ten Boom, author of "The Hiding Place." Interact With Us Readers' Choice 2024 Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Latest Video Mt. Zion's JC Anderson reacts to heading to state Mt. Zion wins nail-biter against Centralia boys basketball Mt. Zion takes the court in boys basketball supersectional Ameren Illinois Sports Mt. Zion boys basketball makes state for first time with fourth-quarter comeback JC Anderson had nine of the game's final 11 points while the Braves ensured a record season would end at the State Farm Center at state. Arcola boys basketball's season was one of its best in decades Arcola fell short in the sectional title game, ending a season where it tied the program record of 27 wins. No. 12 Illinois with high stakes senior day matchup against Purdue Illinois will need to beat Purdue on Tuesday to keep any hope alive of a share of the Big Ten conference title. Here's what to know about No. 12 Illinois versus No. 3 Purdue Illinois men's basketball hosts Purdue on Tuesday. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Contributor Federal tax authority announces reduced repayment options for inaccurately received Employee Retention Credits Contributor Content. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is offering a unique opportunity for certain employers who have incorrectly claimed funds under the Employee Retention Credit (ERC). Sponsored Common misconceptions about laser hair removal Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. Uncover the facts behind the most common myths regarding laser hair removal. Sponsored Brazilian laser hair removal vs. Brazilian waxing Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. These laser hair removal experts share their observations and insights about the benefits of Brazilian laser hair removal vs. Brazilian waxing. Contributor Why the modern American business needs social media Content by CapCut. In the digital age, offering audiences multiple avenues to interact with your brand will help you to stay current and relevant. Opinion Los Angeles Times: Californians knead answers. Did Panera Bread get an exemption from $20 minimum wage law? Even before California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed the landmark law in September that would increase the minimum wage for fast-food workers to $20 per hour starting in April, eyebrows were raised over the so-called Panera exemption. Cynthia M. Allen: When we develop technology without morality, we get the Alabama in-vitro ruling I spent days reading coverage of the recent Alabama Supreme Court ruling that recognized extrauterine embyros as children. State legislators to consider IVF bill following Alabama ruling The bill introduced by state Sen. Jack Martins aims to protect Invitro Fertilization procedures from legal challenges. Social Security: Making the most of America Saves Week America Saves Week, which runs from April 8 to 12, is an excellent opportunity for organizations to promote good financial habits and for people to assess their own saving status. Local Businesses Denbesten Real Estate 2422 E WASHINGTON ST P.O. BOX 72, Bloomington, IL 61702 Decatur Civic Center 1 Gary K Anderson Pz, Decatur, IL 62523 Website Dick Van Dyke Appliance World 134 N Martin Luther King Jr Dr, Decatur, IL 62523 Website Print Ads Farm Backspace - Ad from 2024-02-28 Appliance DICK VAN DYKE - Ad from 2024-03-01 Service Decatur Regional Chamber of Commerce - Ad from 2024-03-02 Home Safe Step Tub - Ad from 2024-03-05 Office ReVamp Fence - Direct - Ad from 2024-02-29 Office ReVamp TSR - Direct - Ad from 2024-03-05 Medical Synergy Homecare of Central IL - Ad from 2024-03-01 Education MT ZION SCHOOL CUSD#3 - Ad from 2024-03-05 Finance 1ST MIDAMERICA CREDIT UNION - Ad from 2024-03-02 Construction Groundworks - Ad from 2024-03-05 × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Subscribe Contact Us Activate Your Digital Sites & Partners Prairie Shopper HR Preps Digital Archives Online Features Services Pay Your Bill E-edition Advertise Email News Submit an Event Work here Become a Carrier Dealer Returns Licensing © Copyright 2024 Herald & Review, 225 S. Main Street, No. 200, Decatur, IL 62523 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe