The Best Web Hosting Services at 20x Speeds | A2 Hosting Login Sales Chat +1 (734) 222-4678 Cart Toggle navigation Hosting Shared Hosting VPS Hosting Dedicated Hosting Reseller Hosting Email Hosting cPanel Hosting Turbo Hosting Web Hosting Plans WordPress WordPress Hosting Managed WordPress Hosting WooCommerce Hosting A2 Optimized Plugin Hosting by Service Business Hosting eCommerce Hosting Agency Hosting Blog Hosting LMS Hosting Nonprofit Web Hosting Personal Website Hosting Hosting Solutions Products Domains Site Builder SSL Certificates Free Website Migration Products Overview Resources Knowledge Base Blog Affiliate Program Contact Contact Support Contact Sales Contact Us Hosting in the Fast Lane Speed. Support. Intelligence Everything you need to build a fast and successful website. FREE website migrations Unmatched 24/7/365 support AI powered performance optimizations TurboHub, our WordPress control panel Get started Help Me Choose Starting at $2.99 /mo* Which Type of Hosting is Right for You? A2 Hosting has a hosting plan for everyone. Whether you are a beginner or an expert, our plans are created with our customers’ specific needs in mind. SHARED HOSTING Great for those who are just getting started with their website and are looking to stay within a budget. $2.99/mo* Save 76% with 12/mo term View Plans Most Popular WordPress Hosting Great for first-time site creators. Additional WordPress tools allow you to get a professional-looking site up and running quickly. $11.99/mo* Save 53% with 36/mo term View Plans VPS Hosting VPS Hosting gives you the ability to control and scale your resources to provide the ideal hosting that plan to grows with your needs. $35.99/mo* Save 53% with 36/mo term View Plans Dedicated Hosting For when you need the highest level of power and performance for your website. $79.99/mo* Save 68% with 24/mo term View Plans *The promotional price is for the first term only and renews at the regular rate. We build Our Business For Your Success. Whether you need a simple blog, want to highlight your business, sell products through an eCommerce website, or need an enterprise-level, powerhouse machine for a custom application, we have an option for you. More customers are making the switch to A2 Hosting to take advantage of our ultra-fast hosting and high-quality support all at affordable prices. 97% Of Our Customers Would Recommend Us To A Friend 110k+ Active Services Helping Our Customers Succeed 224 Countries/Territories Where People Choose A2 Hosting Compare A2 Hosting Speed Shared Hosting The most popular hosting plan available and comes at one of the most affordable price points. View Plans Managed WordPress Hosting Our Managed WordPress Hosting gives you speed and performance with a full set of features and Turbo speed & performance. View Plans VPS Hosting Dedicated resources, increased reliability, with two levels of management options…all at a low price. View Plans Dedicated Server Hosting With maximum customization and flexibility our Dedicated Hosting offers top-tier server performance to help our customers who need personalized resources. View Plans Reseller Hosting Earn additional revenue or support your customers with easy-to-use reseller hosting plans. View Plans Email Hosting Our Email Hosting gives you a custom email domain so you can strengthen your brand and build trust for your business. View Plans Turbo Hosting Turbo Hosting plans are built with speed in mind and give you one of the fastest web hosting experiences out there. View Plans cPanel Hosting With our cPanel Hosting you get access to one of the most popular control panels in the industry. View Plans We Provide Hosting for Every Solution Not sure which hosting plan is right for you or your business? Select your solution and we will help you narrow down our best high-speed options to fit your needs. Business Hosting Hosting that gives you tools you need to run your website, and other portions of your business. eCommerce Hosting Our servers support the best open source eCommerce tools. Agency Hosting Build, maintain and host your own customers with Agency Hosting. Blog Hosting Blogging solutions for first-time bloggers as well as seasoned experts. LMS Hosting Develop your online courses through our Learning Management System software that comes loaded on all our LMS Hosting accounts. Nonprofit Web Hosting Ultra-fast and reliable hosting for your non-profit. Ask how you can save with our exclusive discount. Personal Website Hosting Creating a portfolio site or a site for family memories? We have advanced features at a low cost. Everything Your WordPress Site Needs for Success. At A2 Hosting, we make WordPress easy and give you access to a variety of tools to get your website up and running in no time. Out-Of-The-Box Optimized WordPress We pre-configure our WordPress installs with the best speed and security settings with our A2 Optimized plugin. WooCommerce for WordPress Easily create an online eCommerce store with just a few clicks by adding the WooCommerce plugin to your site. Need for Speed Our Managed WordPress plans are backed with our Turbo line that offer some serious speed. Why Choose A2 Hosting for Your Hosting Needs? No matter which service you choose, you can expect the highest performance. Up To 20x Faster Turbo That means better SEO rankings, lower bounce rates & higher conversion rates! Guru CrewSupport Our knowledgeable and friendly support team is available 24/7/365 to help! Free WebsiteMigration Already have a Website? Let us do the hard work for you and transfer it for free! Ask us how! Money-BackGuarantee Give our high-speed hosting service a try completely risk-free! 99.9% UptimeCommitment A2 Hosting is the host you can depend on with ultra-reliable servers! A2 Hosting is the Industry’s Best Hosting Solution Our goal isn’t to win awards. Our goal is to offer the best web hosting solutions that are both blazing fast and ultra-reliable. Even so, we’re still extremely proud of our team’s accomplishments! Since our launch in 2003, their hard work has helped us earn recognition and accolades as the top hosting provider in the industry. What Makes Us The Best What Our Customers Have to Say Powered by 4.5 A2 Hosting provides the best WordPress hosting on the market today. They are always available to assist when there is an issue and work tirelessly to resolve and Turbo is a plus! Chad R. 5.0 The Migration worked exceedingly well. Not only were my files migrated, but my databases were loaded too. So WordPress and some personal stuff worked. Steven G. 5.0 A2 has been a great host for numerous WordPress sites that have Turbo Boost servers, as well as a reseller sever for our smaller clients. The servers are fast, the software abilities inside the server are wonderful and their phone support is fantastic. Tom S. 5.0 I had a peculiar, unusual problem with my WordPress installation. I submitted my ticket to Support and had, not only a reply, but a fix within the hour and this was at the beginning of the weekend on Friday night! EXCELLENT SERVICE. Five Stars all the way. Thank you. – George George H. 4.5 The A2 support is really great, some of the best support people I’ve ever encountered. They did not fix the issue though and told me to sign up for the WordPress forum which I’m not doing. Outside that, the A2 service as a whole is really great. Dan W. 5.0 Now in my fourth year with A2, fortunately it is quite a long time since I needed any support with my sites. However, when I did that support was provided quickly and effectively. The continued benefit provided by the suite of plugins in A2 optimized is especially useful on my WordPress sites. Roger L. Show More Questions? We’re Here to Help. Our A2 Sales Team is available 24/7 to help you understand which plan will work for your unique needs! Chat with Sales or call us at +1 (734) 222-4678 Search by topics from Guru Crew Experts Check our Knowledge Base Get website tips and tricks from our team Visit our Blog Hosting Web Hosting WordPress Hosting Managed WordPress Hosting VPS Hosting Managed VPS Hosting Dedicated Hosting Managed Dedicated Hosting Reseller Hosting Compare Hosting SOLUTIONS Business eCommerce Agency Blog Personal Linux cPanel Hosting PRODUCTS Domains SSL Certificates Site Builder Email Turbo A2 Optimized SALES & SUPPORT Customer Portal Submit a Support Ticket Contact Support Contact Sales A2 Knowledgebase Which Hosting Is Right For You? COMPANY About A2 A2 Reviews A2 Hosting Blog Compare Affiliate Program Careers Data Centers +1 (734) 222-4678 Chat with Support Follow Us * The promotional price is for the first term only and renews at the regular rate. GET OUR NEWSLETTER Web development tips, marketing strategies and A2 Hosting news sent to your inbox. Sign up Copyright © A2 HOSTING 2024 Terms of Service Privacy Policy 99.9% Uptime Commitment Money Back Guarantee Sitemap We use cookies to personalize the website for you and to analyze the use of our website. You consent to this by clicking on "I consent" or by continuing your use of this website. For more information about cookies, see our Privacy Policy. I consent