CDTFA - CA Department of Tax and Fee Administration Skip to Main Content × Alert from California Department of Tax and Fee Administration ALERT Credit card services may experience short delays in service on Wednesday, March 6, from 7:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m., Pacific time, due to scheduled maintenance. Taxpayers affected by winter storms — please refer to our State of Emergency Tax Relief page for instructions on how to apply for relief. Online Services Limited Access Codes are going away. Visit our Limited Access Code Removal page for scheduled removal dates and instructions on how to Sign Up Now for a username and password. CA.gov Login Register Search Menu Custom Google Search Submit Close Search How Do I… File a Return Find Your Tax Rate Identify a Letter or Notice Make a Payment Register for a Permit, License, or Account Report Tax Fraud Request an Extension or Relief Verify a Permit, License, or Account Tax Programs Sales & Use Tax Special Taxes & Fees Tax Resources Calculators Events & Education Forms & Publications Industry Guides Tax Guide for Local Jurisdictions and Districts Research & Data Tools Taxpayers' Rights Advocate Join Us Doing Business with CDTFA Jobs with CDTFA Sign Up for Updates California Department of Tax and Fee Administration homepage File a Return & Pay Taxes File a return or make a payment online by logging into our secure site using your username and password. File & Make a Payment Register for a Permit Online registration is a convenient, fast, and free way to register online for a permit, license, or account with the CDTFA. Register Online Tax & Fee Rates The California Department of Tax and Fee Administration is responsible for the administration of 37 different taxes and fees. See Tax Rates Received a Letter or Notice? Did you receive a notice or letter from us? See our Letters and Notices page to learn more. Letters and Notices December Taxpayer Information Bulletin Latest Updates Affecting Your Business Read the Bulletin Your Tax Dollars at Work Let's Chat! Fast & Convenient Answers to your General Questions 24/7 What's Happening at CDTFA News & Notices Classes Online Upcoming Events Video Resources Leadership Gavin Newsom Governor Amy Tong Secretary, Government Operations Agency Nicolas Maduros Director, CDTFA Quick Links About CDTFA External Tax Resources Job Opportunities Tax Guide for Local Jurisdictions and Districts Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram State Campaigns COVID-19 Updates Flex Alert Register to Vote Save Our Water Contact Us 1-800-400-7115 California Relay Service (CRS): 711 Email CDTFA Office Locations CDTFA Directory Additional Contacts Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Accessibility Certificate Languages Copyright © California Department of Tax and Fee Administration Website Accessibility Certification × We strive to provide a website that is easy to use and understand. Our goal is to provide a good web experience for all visitors. Agency California Department of Tax and Fee Administration Certification date June 13, 2023 Accessibility Technology Inquiry The undersigned certify that, as of June 13, 2023, the internet website of the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration is designed, developed, and maintained to be in compliance with California Government Code Sections 7405, 11135, and 11546.7 and the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1, Level AA success criteria, published by the Web Accessibility Initiative of the World Wide Web Consortium. June 14, 2023 Nicolas Maduros Director June 13, 2023 Scott Capulong Chief Information Officer Close