TUC: Trades Union Congress Skip to main content Toggle high contrast Search: Advanced search About the TUC Newsroom Blogs Events Shop Contact About unions Campaigns Research & analysis Workplace guidance Training Mobile menu About unions Campaigns Research & analysis Workplace guidance Training About the TUC Newsroom Blogs Events Shop Contact Back Not sure which union is right for you? About unions Wondering what the fuss is about? Why join a union? Find a union for you Use the unionfinder tool In this section Why join a union Find a union for you Browse all unions How unions work How the TUC works with unions Resources for unions in dispute Back The TUC has a history of developing analysis and research to inform economic and employment-related issues. Search by topic area An alternative model to reset the balance in favour of work and away from wealth. Report: From the doom loop to an economy for work not wealth The TUC produces a wide range of research and analysis reports Latest TUC reports Topics Global solidarity Health and safety Industrial strategy Pensions and benefits Public services and transport Corporate Governance and responsibility Economy, jobs and pay Equality Rights at work Union organising Work and technology More Our experts Back Nothing beats being a union member, but if you are looking for particular guidance on a workplace issue have a look at our workplace guidance. Go to workplace guidance Are you a union rep looking for help and advice to support your colleagues at work? Take a look at our wide range of resources. Go to reps guidance This guide is for union reps - understanding coronavirus and workplace issues, employer negotiations and how best protect the workforce Coronavirus - Guidance for unions Topics Basic rights and contracts Dismissal, redundancy and grievance Equality and discrimination Family-friendly work Health, safety and wellbeing Learning, skills and training Organising and bargaining Pay, holiday and working hours More Support for reps Tackling the gender pay gap Women work first two months of the year unpaid About the TUC Find a union for you Solidarity hub BLOG Government's move to reintroduce tribunal fee threatens workers' rights EVENT Webinar: What you should know about workplace restructures STORY "The public really got behind us": fighting cuts in North Wales EVENT Safety Reps Connect 2024 STORY “It feels good to know that we are all unified”: Winning recognition at the Stand What we're saying Better worker protections are coming and opponents must stop swimming against the tide The UK’s long experiment with a low-rights, low-wage economy is drawing to an end, and employers need to recognise now is not the time for foot-dragging. Tim Sharp - 08 Feb 2024 Race Equality Act would be “a welcome step forward” for BME workers - TUC TUC comment on Labour's proposals for a Race Equality Act. 05 Feb 2024 Childcare workers deserve £15 an hour minimum wage - TUC TUC comment on news that the government is offering £1,000 to new childcare staff in 20 areas amid concerns about the rollout of free childcare hours to two-year-olds in just two months' time 02 Feb 2024 See all reports See all blogs Join a union Trades Union Congress Congress House, Great Russell Street London WC1B 3LS View on map T. 020 7636 4030 E. info@tuc.org.uk Contact TUC near you London, East & South East Midlands Northern North West South West Yorkshire & the Humber Wales TUC TUC in Scotland Find out about... Rep guidance Info for researchers Jobs Join us on social media TUC facebook TUC twitter TUC linkedin TUC Tiktok Stay in touch Stay up to date with the TUC and get the latest news, reports and regional information. Join our mailing list Search the site* Stay in touch submit button Leave this field blank © Trades Union Congress 2024, unless otherwise stated Accessibility and website terms Privacy policy Cookies policy Site map Enable Two-Factor Authentication To access the admin area, you will need to setup two-factor authentication (TFA). Setup now