MyHealthfinder | health.gov Skip to main content Skip to navigation U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion MyHealthfinder Health Conditions Toggle Health Conditions sub menu Cancer Diabetes Heart Health HIV and Other STDs Obesity Substance Use and Misuse Doctor Visits Toggle Doctor Visits sub menu Regular Checkups Screening Tests Vaccines (Shots) Talking with the Doctor Healthy Living Toggle Healthy Living sub menu Nutrition Physical Activity Mental Health and Relationships Sexual Health Safety Pregnancy Toggle Pregnancy sub menu Doctor and Midwife Visits Nutrition and Physical Activity Search Search MyHealthfinder English español Menu What is MyHealthfinder? Trusted information to help your family stay healthy. Make sure your family is up to date on preventive services. See which screening tests and vaccines you or your loved ones need to stay healthy. Age Sex Female Male Pregnant? Pregnant? No Why are we asking these questions? Image Explore health topics Health Conditions CancerFind out about the steps you can take to help prevent cancer. DiabetesYou can do a lot to lower your risk for type 2 diabetes — get started now. Heart HealthTake steps to lower your risk of heart problems — like checking your blood pressure regularly. View all Doctor Visits Regular CheckupsStay on top of your health – get regular checkups with a doctor or nurse. Screening TestsFind out which screenings (medical tests) you may need this year. Vaccines (Shots)Vaccines aren’t just for kids! Find out why everyone in the family needs to get important vaccines. View all Healthy Living Mental Health and RelationshipsGet tips on things like managing stress and talking to loved ones about important health topics. NutritionMaking small changes to your eating habits can make a big difference for your health. Find out how to get started. Physical ActivityRegular physical activity is good for your health. Get tips to help you get more active. View all Pregnancy Doctor and Midwife VisitsFind out how your doctor or midwife can help you have a healthy pregnancy. Nutrition and Physical ActivityEating healthy and staying active can help you have a healthy pregnancy — and a healthy baby. Accessibility Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Act Copyright Policy Disclaimers Viewers & Players Nondiscrimination Notice Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Política de divulgación de vulnerabilidad This microsite is coordinated by the Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health, Office of the Secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Last updated: March 5, 2024 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services OASH - Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion MyHealthfinder The Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion (ODPHP) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website. Linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by ODPHP or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website. You will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link. HHS is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private websites. Cancel Continue to your destination: