IT and business consulting services | CGI.com Skip to main content You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Services Our partner ecosystem Explore CGI's partner ecosystem to find solutions to today's challenges End-to-end services Business consulting Systems integration Managed IT services Application services Infrastructure services Business process services Key Topics Advanced analytics Artificial intelligence (AI) Cloud & IT modernization Cybersecurity Digital transformation Sustainability Solutions CGI Credit Studio CGI PulseAI CGI Trade360 CGI OpenGrid360 CGI All Payments CGI Retail Suite Industries CGI Voice of Our Clients Annually, CGI leaders around the world meet with business and ... Banking & capital markets Communications & media Energy & utilities Oil & gas Utilities Government Health Insurance Life sciences Manufacturing Retail, consumer & services Space Transportation & logistics Insights Insights you can act on CGI Voice of Our Clients Annually, CGI leaders around the world meet with business and ... CGI Voice of Our Clients Explore our insights Attributes of digital leaders Impacts of macro trends Value of participation Benchmark your organization Meet our experts CGI Voice of Our Clients Banking – Capital markets Banking – Corporate & transaction Banking – Retail Communications & media Energy & utilities Government – Central & federal Government – Defense & intelligence Government – State, provincial & local Health Industry insights cont'd Insurance – Life & pension Insurance – Property & casualty Life sciences Manufacturing Retail, consumer goods & wholesale Services – Business Services – Consumer Space Transport & logistics Careers Women in tech: Better the balance, better the world CGI UK President Tara McGeehan explains how women have shaped ... Mergers Partner ecosystem Contact Global ENFR Insights for trusted AI outcomes Discover expert perspectives, best practices and lessons learned for accelerating value and operating responsibly. Visit our AI blog channelabout Insights for trusted AI outcomes Discover what it’s like to build a fulfilling career at CGI Life at CGI is rooted in ownership, teamwork, respect and belonging. Learn more about CGI careers through first-hand experiences in developing skills, creating value, and being part of a supportive work environment. Read our career storiesabout Discover what it’s like to build a fulfilling career at CGI Building a more sustainable and inclusive world Our 2023 ESG report discloses our progress supported by measurable and traceable data to unlock innovations and collaborations. Read our ESG reportabout Building a more sustainable and inclusive world Insights We provide a global antenna based on facts, not hype, to help improve returns on your IT and business investments. Banking Government Health Manufacturing Retail Energy & utilities Explore all industries Services We help you meet the ever-evolving digital expectations of your customers and citizens through our secure and flexible end-to-end services. Business consulting Managed IT outsourcing Business process services Advanced analytics Artificial intelligence Cloud & hybrid IT Explore end-to-end services Solutions Our intellectual property-based solutions help you accelerate innovation and drive operational excellence. CGI Credit Studio CGI PulseAI CGI Trade360 CGI OpenGrid360 CGI All Payments CGI Retail Suite Explore all solutions Case studies Beneva Partnering with Beneva to bring its bold plan to life as a digital organization, powered by business agility France Médias Monde (FMM) CGI transforms newsroom operations at France Médias Monde with OpenMedia DISH Digital Solutions Expanding DISH Digital Solutions’ go-to-market strategy for new pan-European digital payment solution British Columbia Ministry of Health Helping British Columbia’s health sector digitize and automate COVID-19 data Discover more of our clients' successes media Through our global insights and local experts, we help build the strategies and deliver the end-to-end services that help clients achieve meaningful and sustainable outcomes. Helena Jochberger Integrating Aristotelian virtues to guide the responsible use of AI in manufacturing Cheryl Allebrand Is the future of contact centers bot or human? Dirk Kiefer Driving strategic alignment to deliver value in a less predictable world Explore advice and commentary from our experts About CGI When turned into actions, insights push the limits of what’s possible By playing this video you consent to Google/YouTube processing your data and using cookies – Learn more. Latest news Press release Massachusetts selects CGI for transformation of Commonwealth’s enterprise financial system Press release CGI announces intent to repurchase 1.67 million of its shares Press release CGI selected by State of Utah for modernization of human capital management solution across 30 agencies See more How can we help? Contact Insights you can act on Founded in 1976, CGI is among the largest IT and business consulting services firms in the world. We are insights-driven and outcomes-based to help accelerate returns on your investments. Learn more about CGI © 2024 CGI Inc. Company About us Country sites ESG Investors Locations Newsroom Partner ecosystem Resource center Articles Blogs Case studies Events Podcasts White papers See more Support Accessibility Cookie management center Privacy Terms of use Careers FAQ You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Discover more about CGIKeeping you informedSubscribe Follow us LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook