Psychology Today: Health, Help, Happiness + Find a Therapist Skip to main content Mobile Navigation Psychology Today Find a Therapist Find a Therapist Therapists Therapists Treatment Centers Support Groups x Therapists : Login | Sign Up International Australia Austria Belgium Canada Denmark Hong Kong Ireland New Zealand Singapore South Africa Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Get Help Mental Health Addiction Anxiety ADHD Asperger's Autism Bipolar Disorder Chronic Pain Depression Eating Disorders Personality Passive Aggression Personality Shyness Personal Growth Goal Setting Happiness Positive Psychology Stopping Smoking Relationships Low Sexual Desire Relationships Sex Family Life Child Development Parenting View Help Index Do I Need Help? Self Tests Therapy Center NEW Recently Diagnosed? Diagnosis Dictionary Types of Therapy Talk to Someone Find a Therapist Find a Treatment Center Find a Support Group Magazine Current March 2024 The Art of Emotional Intelligence Understanding what emotional intelligence looks like and the steps needed to improve it could light a path to a more emotionally adept world. Subscribe Recent Issue Archive Today News Essential Reads Trending Topics Coronavirus Disease 2019 Narcissism Dementia Bias Affective Forecasting Neuroscience See All intl Search Search Search The Best Way to Say No When Saying No Leaves You Fatigued Find a Therapist Verified by Psychology Today Therapists Therapists Treatment Centers Support Groups x Professionals Sign Up and Get Listed Login Therapists Sign Up | Login Psychology Today: Health, Help, Happiness + Find a Therapist News Are Human Brains Gender Neutral? 1 day Who Really Cares About Democracy? 2 days Is AI More Creative Than Humans? 2 days Predicting Intimate Partner Violence 3 days Why Re-Criminalizing Drugs Is a Mistake 3 days See More News Today’s Essentials Today’s Essential Reads Circadian Rhythm The Color of Snow: Perception vs. Physiology Martin Moore-Ede M.D., Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in The Light Doctor Thinking snow is white is the greatest barrier to adopting healthy circadian lighting. We cannot easily perceive the color spectral components in the light we see. Thinking snow is white is the greatest barrier to adopting healthy circadian lighting. We cannot easily perceive the color spectral components in the light we see. Happiness Fake It Til You Make It: The Overhyped World of Happiness Matt Grawitch Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in A Hovercraft Full of Eels There are lots of ways to purportedly improve one's happiness. But do any of them actually work? There are lots of ways to purportedly improve one's happiness. But do any of them actually work? Stress Should We Treat Stress? Lawson Wulsin M.D. on March 3, 2024 in Deep Dives Do we need to treat stress? Not the good and tolerable stresses of daily life. But toxic stress requires a special kind of treatment. Do we need to treat stress? Not the good and tolerable stresses of daily life. But toxic stress requires a special kind of treatment. Addiction Airlines Now Carry Drug-Overdose Antidotes. Should You? Suzette Glasner Ph.D. on March 2, 2024 in Navigating Addiction Recovery Drug-overdose antidotes should be as commonly accessible as epipens. Here's why. Drug-overdose antidotes should be as commonly accessible as epipens. Here's why. News Are Human Brains Gender Neutral? 1 day Who Really Cares About Democracy? 2 days Is AI More Creative Than Humans? 2 days Predicting Intimate Partner Violence 3 days See More News The Latest Growth Mindset Develop a “Way of Being” to Access Your Masterpiece Within George Mumford on March 4, 2024 in A Way of Being To uncover our true potential for growth and success via our masterpieces within, we must develop what I call a way of being. It's a framework to move from surviving to thriving. To uncover our true potential for growth and success via our masterpieces within, we must develop what I call a way of being. It's a framework to move from surviving to thriving. Relationships My Problem or Yours? Jennifer L Keluskar Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Alone Together By not taking on others' problems as your own, you can channel your urge to care by caring enough to give them the freedom to manage their own issues. Here are some tips to help. By not taking on others' problems as your own, you can channel your urge to care by caring enough to give them the freedom to manage their own issues. Here are some tips to help. Happiness How to Double Up on Joy Cheralyn Leeby Ph.D., LMFT on March 4, 2024 in Consciously Creating Your Soul Life How can we bring more joy into our lives? The answer may be easier than we think. Double up on joy with freudenfreude or vicariously sharing joy through the delight of another. How can we bring more joy into our lives? The answer may be easier than we think. Double up on joy with freudenfreude or vicariously sharing joy through the delight of another. Migraine The Fear of Returning Pain Caught Me Off Guard Kathleen O’Shea on March 4, 2024 in So Much More Than a Headache Personal Perspective: Fear of migraine return affects a majority of sufferers. However, even with awareness of this common response, it can and does sometimes catch us off guard. Personal Perspective: Fear of migraine return affects a majority of sufferers. However, even with awareness of this common response, it can and does sometimes catch us off guard. Therapy What Is Your Therapist Thinking? Joshua Fletcher MSc, PGCert on March 4, 2024 in And How Does That Make You Feel? During your session, your therapist may be tuning into 13 inner voices. Here's a look inside their head. During your session, your therapist may be tuning into 13 inner voices. Here's a look inside their head. Identity Collecting Identity: Tattoos as Art Shirley M. Mueller M.D. on March 4, 2024 in The Mind of a Collector Tattoo collections are beginning to be all the rage for museum exhibitions. What is going on here? Tattoo collections are beginning to be all the rage for museum exhibitions. What is going on here? Burnout Avoiding Parental Burnout David Schwartz LMFT on March 4, 2024 in Adolescents, Explained There are times when parenting can be overwhelming. To prevent parent burnout, it's important to recognize we are not perfect and take the time we need to make our best decisions. There are times when parenting can be overwhelming. To prevent parent burnout, it's important to recognize we are not perfect and take the time we need to make our best decisions. Social Media Digital Parenting Pamela D. Brown Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in School Culture Children’s usage of technology and social media has created numerous challenges for parents. Here are some suggestions for how parents can mitigate the downsides. Children’s usage of technology and social media has created numerous challenges for parents. Here are some suggestions for how parents can mitigate the downsides. Decision-Making The Problem With Using Consequences to Make Decisions Tara Ceranic Salinas Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in The Problem With... Discover the hidden biases of consequence-based decisions and learn how they shape our sense of fairness and justice in unexpected ways. Discover the hidden biases of consequence-based decisions and learn how they shape our sense of fairness and justice in unexpected ways. Forensic Psychology Killing Socrates Matthew J. Sharps Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in The Forensic View The infamous trial of Socrates in ancient Athens highlights the importance of a strong understanding of the cognitive and affective elements of judicial proceedings. The infamous trial of Socrates in ancient Athens highlights the importance of a strong understanding of the cognitive and affective elements of judicial proceedings. Happiness Do You Suffer From Chronic Seriousness? Seth J. Gillihan PhD on March 4, 2024 in Think, Act, Be Personal Perspective: This common "condition" often strikes in middle adulthood and can crowd out the ability to experience joy. Personal Perspective: This common "condition" often strikes in middle adulthood and can crowd out the ability to experience joy. Eating Disorders Navigating Against Eating Disorders, Stigma, and Diet Culture Carolyn Karoll LCSW-C, CEDS-S on March 4, 2024 in Eating Disorder Recovery Navigate a media-saturated world with greater literacy to reclaim autonomy, embrace diversity, and build resilience. Navigate a media-saturated world with greater literacy to reclaim autonomy, embrace diversity, and build resilience. Stress 4 Tips to Reduce Tension in Your Life Tchiki Davis, Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Click Here for Happiness The role of stress in our experience of tension and how to relieve it. The role of stress in our experience of tension and how to relieve it. Diet What's the Scoop on Fructose? Nicole Avena Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Food Junkie The intake of excessive amounts of processed foods and beverages that are rich in sugar and fructose can be detrimental and result in negative health outcomes. The intake of excessive amounts of processed foods and beverages that are rich in sugar and fructose can be detrimental and result in negative health outcomes. Cognition Helping Teens Get the Most From Their Schoolwork Judy Willis M.D., M.Ed. on March 4, 2024 in Radical Teaching Metacognition, or thinking about how they think, can help teens understand their strengths and weaknesses and the strategies that are most useful to them in specific situations. Metacognition, or thinking about how they think, can help teens understand their strengths and weaknesses and the strategies that are most useful to them in specific situations. Feature The History of XOXO How XO Became Kisses and Hugs Sex Some Truths About Sexual Conflict and the Mindfulness Antidote Chelom E. Leavitt, J.D., Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Sexual Mindfulness We've all experienced the tendency to avoid conflict or silently suffer. Learn why you may do this and how to overcome this problematic instinct. We've all experienced the tendency to avoid conflict or silently suffer. Learn why you may do this and how to overcome this problematic instinct. Memory Unconscious Memory Updating Shane O'Mara D.Phil. on March 4, 2024 in The Interrogated Brain Our political identity is quite fluid, subject to the vagaries of time and memory. It updates and reforms itself in unpredictable ways. Our political identity is quite fluid, subject to the vagaries of time and memory. It updates and reforms itself in unpredictable ways. Depression Savoring Positive Experiences Brian Thompson Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Anxiety in Context Enjoying the nice moments in life can take some practice and intention. Otherwise, you may end up only seeing joy in your rearview mirror. Enjoying the nice moments in life can take some practice and intention. Otherwise, you may end up only seeing joy in your rearview mirror. Dementia Stuttering, Senior Moments, or Dementia? Stan A. Goldberg Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in What to Do as You Grow Older Call ideological disagreements what they are: differences of opinions and not signs of impaired cognitive ability. Call ideological disagreements what they are: differences of opinions and not signs of impaired cognitive ability. Psych Careers School Psychology: A Forgotten Branch of Psychology Steven R. Shaw Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in How to Do Academia When choosing careers in psychology, many undergraduates gravitate to clinical psychology. Yet, school psychology is an area of high societal importance. And there is a shortage. When choosing careers in psychology, many undergraduates gravitate to clinical psychology. Yet, school psychology is an area of high societal importance. And there is a shortage. Marriage Navigating the Self in Marriage Ilene Strauss Cohen Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Your Emotional Meter A well-differentiated individual understands their interdependence with others but maintains clarity and emotional stability, particularly in conflict situations. A well-differentiated individual understands their interdependence with others but maintains clarity and emotional stability, particularly in conflict situations. Grief Alchemy—The Transformation of Grief Lynn Hightower on March 4, 2024 in Pen on Page A Personal Perspective: Grief brings creative fire. Grief is woven into the tapestry of your life, and grief is what rebuilds your life. A Personal Perspective: Grief brings creative fire. Grief is woven into the tapestry of your life, and grief is what rebuilds your life. Parenting How Do You Tell a Child That Someone Close Is Very Ill? Elena Lister, MD and Michael Schwartzman, Ph.D., ABPP on March 4, 2024 in Facing Life's Challenges Almost inevitably, you may face having to tell a child that someone they care about is very ill. Here are ways to understand yourself and be truthful, yet empathic and gentle. Almost inevitably, you may face having to tell a child that someone they care about is very ill. Here are ways to understand yourself and be truthful, yet empathic and gentle. Narcissism 9 Steps for Successfully Managing Conflict with a Narcissist Mary Ann Little Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Childhood Narcissism It's difficult, if not impossible, to fully resolve conflict with a narcissist, but you can manage the fallout. It's difficult, if not impossible, to fully resolve conflict with a narcissist, but you can manage the fallout. Cognition Embrace Solitude—for Your Health Sybil Geldart Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Dr. Sybil on Solitude Why the need for solitude in our modern world? We can gain self-reflection, calm, and a feeling of connectedness when we take time for voluntary distancing and personal space. Why the need for solitude in our modern world? We can gain self-reflection, calm, and a feeling of connectedness when we take time for voluntary distancing and personal space. Leadership Comebacks Are Hard for Everyone—Leaders Are No Exception Ahron Friedberg M.D. on March 4, 2024 in Resilience For leaders, believing is seeing. For leaders, believing is seeing. Parenting Joy Division: The Benefits of Breaking Up Fun Angela Duckworth Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Actionable Advice to Help Kids Thrive What's thrilling on Monday becomes boring by Friday. Even exciting events lose their sparkle after a while. But there is a way to make the good stuff “resparkle.” What's thrilling on Monday becomes boring by Friday. Even exciting events lose their sparkle after a while. But there is a way to make the good stuff “resparkle.” Career The Pitfalls of Multitasking at Work Joyce Marter LCPC on March 4, 2024 in Mental Wealth Improve concentration and cognition at work by avoiding this one activity. Improve concentration and cognition at work by avoiding this one activity. Relationships 5 Essentials for Close Relationships—and for a Re-Unified U.S. Susan Heitler Ph.D. on March 4, 2024 in Resolution, Not Conflict Specific attitudes predict success in friendships, couples, and families. The same attitudes, if utilized by leaders, can build strong cities and countries. Specific attitudes predict success in friendships, couples, and families. The same attitudes, if utilized by leaders, can build strong cities and countries. 1 2 Next Most Popular advertisement Editorial Process Reviewed by Psychology Today Staff We hold our content and our contributors to the highest standards. All our content is written by domain experts and reviewed for accuracy and objectivity. See our editorial process See all of our contributors Contributors Martin Moore-Ede, M.D., Ph.D., a former Harvard professor, is a leading world expert on circadian clocks and light. He discovered the human circadian clock and the blue wavelengths that disrupt circadian rhythms. Matt Grawitch, Ph.D., is a professor at Saint Louis University (SLU), serving within the School for Professional Studies (SPS). Lawson Wulsin, M.D., is a professor of psychiatry and family medicine at the University of Cincinnati. Suzette Glasner-Edwards, Ph.D., is a licensed clinical psychologist and an Associate Professor in the department of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences at UCLA. See All Contributors advertisement Find a Therapist Get the help you need from a therapist near you–a FREE service from Psychology Today. City or Postcode Countries: Australia Austria Belgium Canada Denmark Hong Kong Ireland New Zealand Singapore South Africa Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Are you a Therapist? Get Listed Today Current Issue Look Inside Subscribe Psychology Today Recent Issues Subscribe Today About Editorial Process Privacy Terms Accessibility International Psychology Today © 2024 Sussex Publishers, LLC Back Psychology Today Home Find a Therapist Get Help Magazine Today Back Find a Therapist Get Help Find a Therapist Find a Treatment Center Find a Support Group Members Login Sign Up International Australia Austria Belgium Canada Denmark Hong Kong Ireland New Zealand Singapore South Africa Sweden Switzerland Back Get Help Mental Health Addiction Anxiety ADHD Asperger's Autism Bipolar Disorder Chronic Pain Depression Eating Disorders Personality Passive Aggression Personality Shyness Personal Growth Goal Setting Happiness Positive Psychology Stopping Smoking Relationships Low Sexual Desire Relationships Sex Family Life Child Development Parenting View Help Index Do I Need Help? Self Tests Therapy Center NEW Recently Diagnosed? Diagnosis Dictionary Types of Therapy Talk to Someone Find a Therapist Find a Treatment Center Find a Support Group Back Magazine March 2024 The Art of Emotional Intelligence Understanding what emotional intelligence looks like and the steps needed to improve it could light a path to a more emotionally adept world. Subscribe Issue Archive Back Today News Essential Reads Trending Topics Coronavirus Disease 2019 Narcissism Dementia Bias Affective Forecasting Neuroscience See All