UNHCR | Donate to help refugees and displaced families from Ukraine, Syria, Yemen, Afghanistan, and around the world Skip to main content Secure Donation English UNHCR | Donate to help refugees and displaced families from Ukraine, Syria, Yemen, Afghanistan, and around the world Image HELP FAMILIES FORCED TO FLEE More than 100 million people have been forced to flee war, conflict, and persecution from Ukraine, Afghanistan, Yemen, and other parts of the world. They need to be protected. They need shelter, access to clean water, health care, education, and jobs. They need a fair chance. With your help, UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency can give refugees what we’d want for ourselves and our loved ones. Protection from harm. Shelter. Food. Water. Blankets. Medical supplies. The chance to go to school. The hope of a better future. But we can’t do it without your support. Please give what you can to help refugee families rebuild their lives. Photo credit: © UNHCR/Oxygen Film Studio (AFG) Image HELP FAMILIES FORCED TO FLEE Please select One-off Monthly Options wrapper US$ 500 US$ 200 US$ 100 N/A Options wrapper € 500 € 200 € 100 N/A Options wrapper £ 500 £ 200 £ 100 N/A Options wrapper Fr. 500 Fr. 200 Fr. 100 N/A Options wrapper Nkr 5000 Nkr 2000 Nkr 1000 N/A Choose your own amount Choose your currency Swiss FrancsEuroPound SterlingNorwegian KroneUnited States Dollar Please make sure the amount is between and Please fill your personal details First Name Last Name Email Submit email indicate email cart is email valid Yes, keep me informed about the impact of my donation and UNHCR's work. If you already receive our newsletter and wish to continue receiving it, PLEASE TICK THE CHECKBOX. Your privacy By submitting this form, you acknowledge you are aware that your personal data will be used in line with our Privacy Policy. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us. Summary of donation information Donate One-off donation: Your gift will help assist and protect people around the world who’ve been forced to flee. Monthly donation: Consider making a monthly donation. Monthly donations help assist more families forced to flee. By making a regular gift to UNHCR, you can provide refugees and displaced people worldwide with ongoing relief, protection, and hope for a better future. US $385 can provide a fuel-based heating appliance to help a family in Ukraine keep their home warm US $220 can provide a vulnerable family in Yemen with cash assistance to meet their basic needs for a month US $111 can provide a kit of core relief items such as blankets, jerry-can, bucket, mosquito net, and kitchen set to a family in Mozambique What does UNHCR do? UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, is a global organization working to save lives, protect rights and build a better future for refugees, internally displaced communities and stateless people. We work to ensure that everybody has the right to seek asylum and find refuge from violence or persecution. Why should I donate monthly or on a regular basis? By choosing to give a regular donation, you will be helping UNHCR to plan ahead and invest in long-term projects to improve the lives the refugees. Faster help: Monthly donations allow UNHCR to respond to emergencies when a crisis occurs. Your gift can go where it's most needed. Support of long-term operations: More predictable income helps UNHCR go beyond short-term emergency aid and provide families with ongoing relief and protection every single day. Easy to donate: To set up a recurring donation, please choose the Monthly option in the form. You can always update your donations by contacting our Donor Care team at [email protected]. How does UNHCR spend my donation? Your money helps UNHCR provide protection, shelter and other forms of assistance, and advocacy on behalf of displaced and stateless people every year. UNHCR staff work as closely as possible with and for people forced to flee, with 90 per cent of our workforce based in field locations. For further details on UNHCR's budget, read our Global Report. © UNHCR 2024 Contact us Donors FAQ Accessibility Privacy Policy