NASA Blogs Skip to content NASA Blogs Menu NASA Blogs Home Meet One of NASA’s Newest Astronauts: Former Intern Deniz BurnhamOver the past two years, NASA’s newest class of astronaut candidates has undergone extensive training. Together, they’ve practiced for spacewalks in the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory, flown in T-38 jets, familiarized themselves with the International Space Station, learned the Russian language, and more. This class of twelve graduates includes a former NASA Read full postPosted Mar 5, 2024 at 1:15 pm on Interstellar Experiences of NASA InternsPeople of PACE: Marsha Gosselin Keeps PACE with the BudgetMarsha Gosselin is the financial specialist for PACE at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. What do you do for PACE? I'm the financial specialist for PACE. I started on the project in early 2015 and worked on it continually through now. I managed all the budgets from all the Read full postPosted Mar 5, 2024 at 12:00 pm on PACE MissionFour Crew-8 Members Enter Station for Six-Month Mission NASA astronauts Matthew Dominick, Michael Barratt, and Jeanette Epps, as well as Roscosmos cosmonaut Alexander Grebenkin aboard the SpaceX Dragon, named Endeavour, have arrived at the International Space Station. Crew-8 joins the space station’s Expedition 70 crew of NASA astronauts Jasmin Moghbeli and Loral O’Hara, ESA (European Space Agency) astronaut Andreas Read full postPosted Mar 5, 2024 at 4:15 am on Space StationSpaceX Dragon with Crew-8 Aboard Docks to Station NASA astronauts Matthew Dominick, Michael Barratt, and Jeanette Epps, as well as Roscosmos cosmonaut Alexander Grebenkin arrived at the International Space Station, as the SpaceX Dragon, named Endeavour, docked to the complex at 2:28 a.m. EST while the station was 260 statute miles over Newfoundland. Following Dragon’s link up to the Read full postPosted Mar 5, 2024 at 2:37 am on NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 MissionSpaceX Crew-8 Approaching Station Live on NASA TV NASA+, NASA Television, and the agency’s website are continuing to provide live coverage of the agency’s SpaceX Crew-8 mission carrying NASA astronauts Matthew Dominick, Michael Barratt, and Jeanette Epps, as well as Roscosmos cosmonaut Alexander Grebenkin to the International Space Station. The SpaceX Dragon spacecraft, named Endeavour, is scheduled to dock Read full postPosted Mar 5, 2024 at 1:06 am on NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 MissionExpedition 70 Awaits New Crew Before Next Quartet Departs The seven-member Expedition 70 crew is awaiting the arrival of four new crewmates who are orbiting Earth today and on their way to the International Space Station. The orbiting lab residents will welcome their new crewmates early Tuesday. The SpaceX Crew-8 mission lifted off aboard the Dragon “Endeavour” spacecraft at 10:53 Read full postPosted Mar 4, 2024 at 12:16 pm on Space StationWhat’s On Board NASA’s Next CubeSat Launch Initiative Mission? NASA’s CubeSat Launch Initiative is sending a small satellite to orbit intended to demonstrate a multi-mode-capable thruster that can operate with both chemical and electrical modes potentially saving mass and reducing costs for larger missions. The Multi-Mode Mission, or M³, developed by Missouri University of Science and Technology’s Satellite research team, Read full postPosted Mar 4, 2024 at 8:03 am on Small Satellite MissionsNASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 Launches to International Space Station NASA astronauts Matthew Dominick, commander; Michael Barratt, pilot; and mission specialist Jeanette Epps, as well as Roscosmos cosmonaut mission specialist Alexander Grebenkin are on their way to the International Space Station, following the picture-perfect launch of the agency’s SpaceX Crew-8 mission. SpaceX’s Dragon spacecraft, named Endeavour, launched at 10:53 p.m. Read full postPosted Mar 4, 2024 at 12:55 am on NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 MissionDragon Endeavour Reaches Orbit, News Conference at 12:15 a.m. EST The SpaceX Dragon spacecraft carrying NASA astronauts Matthew Dominick, commander; Michael Barratt, pilot; and mission specialist Jeanette Epps along with Roscosmos cosmonaut mission specialist Alexander Grebenkin to the International Space Station has safely reached orbit, and the nosecone has opened. A postlaunch news conference will be held at approximately 12:15 a.m. Read full postPosted Mar 3, 2024 at 11:26 pm on NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 MissionSeparation Confirmed! Dragon Now Flying Solo The Dragon spacecraft has separated from the Falcon 9’s second stage and is flying on its own. The spacecraft is traveling at approximately 17,500 miles per hour (28,200 kilometers per hour). In less than a minute, the Dragon nosecone open sequence will begin. Read full postPosted Mar 3, 2024 at 11:06 pm on NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 Mission Featured Blogs Administrator Bill Nelson International Space Station Daily updates from the orbiting laboratory. Commercial Crew Program News on Commercial Crew progress and partners Boeing and SpaceX. More NASA Blogs Artemis Program Commercial Lunar Payload Services Earth Expeditions Earth Observatory Earth Matters Earth Observatory Notes from the Field Imaging X-ray Polarimetry Explorer Interns: Interstellar Experiences ISS On-Orbit Status Report James Webb Space Telescope Kennedy Space Center Northrop Grumman Cargo Missions Office of Diversity and Equal Opportunity OSIRIS-REx Parker Solar Probe SOFIA SpaceX Cargo Missions The Sun Spot Watch the Skies! NASA Blogs National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA Official: Brian Dunbar No Fear Act FOIA Privacy Office of Inspector General Agency Financial Reports Contact NASA