Full featured documentation deployment platform - Read the Docs Log in Read the Docs Community https://readthedocs.org Read the Docs for Business https://readthedocs.com Choosing a platform Sign up Navigation Home Features Pricing Blog Help Support Documentation Tutorial Status Features Pricing Blog Support Documentation Tutorial Status Log in Read the Docs Community https://readthedocs.org Read the Docs for Business https://readthedocs.com Choosing a platform Sign up Get started with Read the Docs Which site best fits your project? Read the Docs Community For free and open-source projects Clone public repositories Public documentation Ads supported hosting Free for open-source software. Sign up Read the Docs for Business For commercial and non-free projects Clone private and public repositories Public and private documentation Team management for your organization Plans starting at $50/month. Sign up Choosing a platform Explore all the features Documentation simplified Build, host, and share documentation, all with a single platform. Sign up now Easy previews and deploys Preview changes on every commit to your pull requests. Release documentation to your users on each merge. Ideal developer experience Write documentation without changing your workflow or your tools using a docs as code approach. Work privately or publicly Easily share within your team or with the whole world. Manage permissions yourself or automatically with GitHub. Features Supports any doc tool Integrated support for Sphinx, MkDocs, Jupyter Book. Flexible enough to work with any documentation tool. Integrated search Easily search all your docs via our dashboard, and offer your users a more powerful search with our search API. Pull request previews Preview each pull request before releasing any changes, allowing for fast collaboration across your organization. Versioned docs Match your product release cycle with multiple versions of your docs. Automatically build versions from any branch or tag. Private repository support Paid plan feature Clone private repositories using a connected GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket account, or clone from any Git provider with an SSH key. Single-Sign On Paid plan feature Control who has access to your documentation with integrated authentication. Enable SSO with GitHub or GitLab to easily manage permissions in one place. Discover all our features Try it out Upgrade your documentation with Read the Docs .readthedocs.yaml version: 2 build: os: ubuntu-22.04 tools: python: "3.10" # You can also specify other tool versions: # nodejs: "16" # Build documentation in the docs/ directory with Sphinx sphinx: configuration: docs/conf.py # Dependencies required to build your docs python: install: - requirements: docs/requirements.txt Create an account Sign up with GitHub or your email. Import your project Select your existing Git repositories with a 1-click interface. Add YAML config Copy this example, it probably does what you want 😉 Your docs build on every commit Like magic. Join thousands of happy users Flask Web Framework Flask is a Python web framework built with a small core and easy-to-extend philosophy. Jupyter Data Science Environment Jupyter Notebook is a web-based interactive computational environment for creating notebook documents. Godot Engine Game Engine Godot Engine is a free and open source community-driven 2D and 3D game engine. Get your docs online in 5 minutes. Create an account Stay updated Blog Newsletter Status Learn more Documentation Getting started guide Configure your project Comparison to GitHub Pages Comparison to GitBook Comparison to Cloudflare Pages Docs as code Product Features Pricing Privacy Policy Terms of Service Company About us Support Advertise with Us Contribute Copyright 2022, Read the Docs, Inc & contributors