University of Denver Skip to Content Current Students Alumni Families Neighbors Faculty Staff Businesses Newman Center Ritchie Center Cable Center Museum of Anthropology Vicki Myhren Gallery Evans Chapel Weddings Kennedy Mountain Campus Utility Menu Explore Directory Request Info Give Visit Report an Incident Resources For Back Cart The cart is empty. Total$0.00 Checkout Interested in more? Search Courses Close Search Main navigation Admission & Aid Visit Our Campus Discovering our campus is a breeze, whether you’re a high-schooler thinking about attending DU, an admitted student learning your way around, or a teacher or counselor setting up a group visit. Visit Us Admission & Aid Overview Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Financial Aid & Scholarships Academics The World is Your Classroom With opportunities to participate in research and internships as well as robust service learning and study abroad traditions, a DU education takes you beyond the lecture hall walls. Explore Academics Overview Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Outside the Classroom Study Abroad Libraries Schools & Colleges The 4D Experience Accreditation Research DU Research Our student and faculty researchers are blazing trails, and the world is taking notice. Check out some of our recent success stories and our ongoing efforts to improve our world. Learn More Research Overview Centers & Institutes Health & Wellness Society & Culture Technology & Science In the News About DU Research Campus Life Make Yourself at Home With well-appointed, sustainable residence halls and meals made from scratch to accommodate all dietary needs, DU is a place you can feel at home. Explore Campus Life Overview Undergraduate Student Government Living at DU Arts & Activities Academic Support Athletics News Events About Kennedy Mountain Campus Learn about our brand new Kennedy Mountain Campus and explore the ways it contributes to our Four-Dimensional Experience. Explore Mission, Vision & Values Educational Approach Local Involvement Global Reach History & Traditions Alumni Our Leadership Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Kennedy Mountain Campus Community + Values University Policies Search Search Input Submit Search Toggle Menu For the Difference A Foundation of Learning At DU, we’re creating a better future, for all. We offer students the opportunity to build the skills, knowledge and perspective to make a difference in our world and create real, lasting change. From our classrooms and labs in the city of Denver to our one-of-a-kind campus in the Colorado Rocky Mountains, we foster a Four-Dimensional Experience that focuses on intellectual growth, well-being, character and career skill-building. Here, you'll be part of a culture that enriches every member of the DU community and advances the greater good. We believe in a Four-Dimensional Experience; we want you to make your impact on the world, and we want to give you the tools to do it, right here at DU. Explore DU AcademicsThe 4D Experience Two Campuses, One DU Every DU student receives a Four-Dimensional Experience at our Denver campus—125 grassy, sun-kissed acres just minutes from downtown Denver—and at our inspiring mountain campus nestled in the Colorado Rockies. You'll draw on Denver's thriving startup scene and vibrant arts culture and learn why it's one of the best cities in the nation for new careers—and why over 70% of our undergraduates decide to make Colorado their home after graduation. At the same time, the Kennedy Mountain Campus will offer you the chance to reflect, connect and explore Colorado's stunning natural landscapes. Through this unique, two-campus learning experience, you will enjoy new and exciting opportunities to build life-long bonds with your peers and apply and deepen the knowledge you gain in our classrooms. You will connect to a sense of confidence in yourself, the value of your skills and your ability to change the world. Explore the Kennedy Mountain Campus Discover Your Purpose Through our signature 4D Experience, you will thrive at DU supported by a network of mentors and advisors invested in your success. And you will be prepared for life after you graduate, equipped with knowledge, a sense of purpose and a valuable set of skills. You'll take part in transformative, hands-on educational experiences that provide you with excellent opportunities to grow intellectually and build the skills you'll need for a life and career of purpose. Our engaged, collaborative, inclusive culture will empower you to learn more about your own strengths and passions while exploring well-being from a big-picture perspective, from physical and mental to social, financial and spiritual. Slide 1 details. Current Slide Slide 2 details. Slide 3 details. You Belong Here You come to DU for the world-class education. You stay for the lifelong friendships, mentorship and supportive community. Here, our students discover a second home. Find your DU family in our state-of-the-art Dimond Family Residential Village, at the Kennedy Mountain Campus or by joining one of hundreds of clubs. Connect while helping meet our sustainability goals or while serving the public good with one of our centers and institutes. Wherever you go and whatever you do, you'll be able to build relationships that define your experience and last a lifetime. Explore Student Life It's Your Future Be Ready for a Dynamic World At DU, you will deepen your understanding of the world and discover how you can make a positive impact. Our degree programs serve you as a multidimensional, unique individual. Start with our liberal arts program and gain the broad view, then build a custom plan from our formal degree programs to get the first-hand learning you need to make real change. In addition, our recognized status as a Very High Research University (or “R1”) by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education means you'll have the opportunity to conduct groundbreaking research in fields ranging from sustainable energy distribution to peace and conflict. Start Creating Your Plan Search Input Search Undergraduate Programs Search Graduate Programs Making a Difference For a Better Tomorrow At DU, our commitment to serving the public good begins with improving lives and communities here in Denver and Colorado. We accomplish this through groundbreaking student and faculty research, community initiatives and effective partnerships with the organizations and individuals making positive change right now. Throughout their studies, DU students will have the opportunity to help lay the groundwork for a better future here in Colorado. Explore Local Involvement Greet the Future with Confidence With a Four-Dimensional Experience, you will graduate with more than a degree. You will build a comprehensive and dynamic set of skills that will serve you throughout your entire life. You will leave DU knowing the value you bring to every opportunity, confident in your ability to make a difference in your life, your communities and the world. Apply for Admission Disclosures The University of Denver admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. If interested in more information, please explore DU’s Consumer Disclosures, the Office of Equal Opportunity & Office of Title IX and HEERF Disclosures. REQUEST INFO APPLY TO DU VISIT DU Follow Us: " " " " " See Posts Footer Menu Maps Jobs Contact Privacy Policy Feedback Disclosures Copyright ©2024 University of Denver. | All rights reserved. | The University of Denver is an equal opportunity affirmative action institution Start Your Application Undergraduate Applicants We accept the Common App, a universal application that can be sent to many schools. Common App First-Year Students Transfer Students Bachelor Completions All Students Graduate Applicants Go to the graduate admission application to submit your information. For information on admission requirements, visit the graduate academic programs page and locate your program of interest. Apply Now Graduate Application Explore Programs Graduate Academic Programs × Start Your Application Graduate Applicants Go to the graduate admission application to submit your information. For information on admission requirements, visit the graduate academic programs page and locate your program of interest. Apply Now Graduate Application Explore Programs Graduate Academic Programs × Take The First Step Undergraduates Contact Undergraduate Admission Request Info Graduates Request Graduate Program Information Request Info × Start Your Application: Undergraduate Applicants We accept the Common App, a universal application that can be sent to many schools. Common App First-Year Students Transfer Students Bachelor Completions All Students × See Our Campus Undergraduates View our visit options and schedule your trip to DU. Schedule a Visit Graduates Find your graduate program representative and schedule a visit. Schedule a Visit × Disclosures The University of Denver admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs. If interested in more information, please explore DU’s Consumer Disclosures, the Office of Equal Opportunity & Office of Title IX and HEERF Disclosures. × Important Links for Navigating COVID Government Bodies Centers for Disease Control & Prevention Colorado Department of Health & Environment Healthcare Services Kaiser Permanente DU's Health & Counseling Center ×