The Data Catalog Platform | data.world NEW Tool: Use generative AI to learn more about data.world Try it now Close Product Launch: data.world has officially leveled up its integration with Snowflake’s new data quality capabilities Read the blog Close data.world Product Customers Developers Resources Company Solutions Data Discovery Agile Data Governance Data Mesh DataOps Cloud Data Migration Semantic Layer Capabilities The Platform Get a unified view of your data and knowledge Data Catalog Enable everyone to create value with data Data Governance Boost productivity and responsible data use DataOps Increase the use of high quality data AI-Ready Data Get context for accurate, explainable, governed responses See all we offer Why data.world Cloud-native SaaS A true modern data catalog experience Powered by Knowledge Graph Model anything. Connect to everything. Hybrid Architecture Support Cloud or on-prem? We can catalog it. B Corp Doing good is our mission ONE-PAGER Unlock an AI-driven future with data.world’s Data Catalog Platform. Enhance data discovery, data governance, and DataOps with a flexible, intuitive platform built for enterprise-wide adoption. Download the one-pager Documentation Integrations API Documentation Reference Implementations Support Common Integrations Snowflake Oracle Database Postgres SQL Databricks dremio See all of our integrations Guidance & Articles Events Learn Blog Catalogs & Cocktails On-Demand Content Compare to data.world Open Data Community Reports & Tools Data Discovery Without Limits Understand the broad spectrum of search and how knowledge graphs are enabling data catalog users to explore far beyond data and metadata. See all Reports & Tools data.world Demo Day Join our Demo Day to see how businesses are transforming the way they think about and use data with a guided tour through the extraordinary capabilities of data.world's data catalog platform. Join Demo Day Upcoming Digital Event Learn how WR Berkley & Singlestone Consulting supported this distributed model with modern data practices and a data catalog built on a knowledge graph. View all webinars data.world About Us Our Team Partners Press Careers Contact Us We are hiring!Come join us in our mission to deliver data for all and data for good! See all job openings Sign In Get a demo Close Product Solutions Data Discovery Agile Data Governance Data Mesh DataOps Cloud Data Migration Semantic Layer Capabilities The Platform Get a unified view of your data and knowledge Data Catalog Enable everyone to create value with data Data Governance Boost productivity and responsible data use DataOps Increase the use of high quality data AI-Ready Data Get context for accurate, explainable, governed responses Customers Developers Documentation Integrations API Documentation Reference Implementations Support Common Integrations Snowflake Oracle Database Postgres SQL Databricks dremio See all of our integrations Resources Guidance & Articles Events Learn Blog Catalogs & Cocktails On-Demand Content Compare to data.world Open Data Community Reports & Tools Data Discovery Without Limits Understand the broad spectrum of search and how knowledge graphs are enabling data catalog users to explore far beyond data and metadata. See all Reports & Tools data.world Demo Day Join our Demo Day to see how businesses are transforming the way they think about and use data with a guided tour through the extraordinary capabilities of data.world's data catalog platform. Join Demo Day Upcoming Digital Event Learn how WR Berkley & Singlestone Consulting supported this distributed model with modern data practices and a data catalog built on a knowledge graph. View all webinars Company data.world About Us Our Team Partners Press Careers Contact Us We are hiring!Come join us in our mission to deliver data for all and data for good! See all job openings Sign In Get a demo Upcoming Digital Event Learn how WR Berkley & Singlestone Consulting supported this distributed model with modern data practices and a data catalog built on a knowledge graph. View all webinars The Data Catalog Built for Your AI Future Case Study WPP, the largest advertising firm in the world, is reshaping client services with data.world through generative AI. Curious how they’re making waves in an $800 billion market? Read the case study Try out Archie, our AI whiz-kid Powered by the latest LLM technology and fully integrated into our arsenal, Archie's not just a chatbot – it's your gateway to mastering data.world, diving into productive data and analytics, and getting a sneak peek into the AI future. Eager to test drive? Try it out data.world data.world powers the world’s leading data teams The first data catalog crafted for the AI eraFrom the beginning, we designed data.world to provide a unified view of all your data resources and knowledge. This speeds time to insights whether you're using a Business Intelligence dashboard or chatting with generative AI. Our Data Catalog Platform is the only one built on a Knowledge Graph Architecture that reveals the hidden relationships between assets, people, domains, and processes. DATA CATALOG APPLICATIONUnleash the power of data for allThe exact data you need, exactly when you need it, complete with all the footnotes: definitions, stewardship details, popularity metrics, and the nitty-gritty of policies. It's not just about accessing data; it's about transforming it into value for everyone. DATA GOVERNANCE APPLICATIONStep on the productivity acceleratorZip through your data responsibly. Embrace change with agility as data governance automations and workflow wizards deliver analytics in an instant. DATAOPS APPLICATIONAchieve trust in your dataBoost your team’s confidence in the data. Get clear, quality data insights exactly when you need them. Simple, direct, and effective - it’s all about making smarter decisions, fast. See all data.world has to offer Try our generative AI technology for yourselfChat with Archie, our large language model-powered bot that's built into all our technology. We've trained it to help you learn more about data.world, productive data & analytics, and the AI future. Chat with Archie Bot The data.world differenceThe Data Catalog Platform is built to drive data team productivity at enterprise scale. If other data platforms are a car, our architecture makes us more like a rocketship. True cloud-native SaaS, primed for AI With data.world, scaling, updates, and infrastructure are already handled. No sneaky costs lurking in the shadows. Stay up-to-date with uninterrupted innovation and new feature releases that enhance your data catalog, governance, and dataops experiences. Overall, this is top-tier, AI-primed data management. Powered by a knowledge graph Connect to any data resource in your ecosystem and expand what you can do with a data catalog. Our knowledge graph architecture unlocks new AI capabilities, with triple the model accuracy of a traditional data catalog. Hybrid architecture support Find and use data from anywhere, whether it lives on-premises or in the cloud. data.world provides a unified, comprehensive view of your vast data landscape with the ability to run cross-platform query, get real-time alerts, and more. Why choose data.world Customers, analysts, and press agree on data.world Highest Scores Possible in Data Governance and Management in the Forrester Wave™: Data Governance Solutions, Q3 2021 4.7 out of 5 stars for Metadata Management Solutions "Most innovative vendor" in the GigaOm Radar for Data Catalogs, 2022 Leader in the Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Data Catalogs for DataOps, 2022 Learn more and stay up to date. Blog Post Meet ‘Archie’ who is helping all of us get smarter than any of us — at the speed of AI We’ve covered education enhanced by Artificial Intelligence for our children in Part One and Part Two . Now I want to turn my lens to the learning ecology of AI inside of... Webinar WTF is a Knowledge Graph and Why is it Key to AI? Join Juan Sequeda, data.world’s Principal Scientist & Head of AI Lab and author of Designing and Building Enterprise Knowledge Graphs, along with Dean Allemang, Principal... Blog Post Below the Waterline of the AI Iceberg: Data’s Evolution, History, and Exponential Rise “The story of data is replete with contests: contests to define what is true, contests to use data to advance one’s power, and, on occasion, contests to use algorithms and data... Webinar LLMs & the Data Catalog Platform: Improved Data Use Today, Better AI tomorrow Join Bryon Jacob, Co-founder and CTO of data.world, to learn why a data catalog should be key to your LLM strategy. Webinar How Automation Unlocks Productive, Engaging Data Governance Get a first look at data.world’s new data governance application and see how data governance teams can become a strategic driver with automation and automation driven workflows. Podcast Modeling and Semantics are more important than ever, because of AI with Joe Reis In this episode, Joe Reis, best-selling author of Fundamentals of Data Engineering explains why data modeling and semantics need to take the center stage for AI to truly succeed. Webinar How data.world & generative AI enable WPP to drive value with data See how data discovery leveraging a chat-like experience makes it possible for more people to become data driven. Check out all our Resources data.world Get data superpowers.Clear, accurate, fast answers Get a Demo Product The Data Catalog Platform Why data.world Eureka™ Knowledge Graph Pricing Customers Integrations Partners Solutions Agile Data Governance Cloud Data Migration Data Discovery Data Mesh DataOps Semantic Layer State and Local Government Insurance Tech Companies Resources Knowledge Hub Blog Reports & Tools Webinars Podcasts Compare Support Open Community About About Us Our Team Contact Us Careers Legal © 2024 data.world, Inc. | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use License Agreement | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Twitter LinkedIn