RNZ - NZ News, Current Affairs, Audio On Demand RNZ Skip to content Menu HomeNewsNew ZealandWorldPoliticsPacificTe Ao MāoriSportBusinessCountryLocal Democracy ReportingComment & AnalysisIn DepthWeatherRadioNationalConcertPacificProgrammesPresentersLatest AudioPodcasts & SeriesTopicsMusicScience & EnvironmentPlays & StoriesStories for KidsYoung Adult AudiobooksBooks & AuthorsLife & SocietyArts & CultureFood & RecipesMoviesBusiness & EconomyPoliticsSportComment & AnalysisMedia & TechnologyCountryPacificNature & EnvironmentCollectionsCurrent AffairsTe Ao MāoriPacificNewsProgrammesSchedulesHow to ListenAbout RNZ PacificIndoNZ中文 Search Listen Live Nothing playing RNZ National All Night Programme National live stream RNZ Concert Music Through the Night Concert live stream RNZ Pacific News in Pacific Languages International live stream More ways to listen Playlist Your playlist Launch player Close No items Audio help Launch player More Top Stories Super Tuesday: What is it and why is it so important? World politics Super Tuesday, the biggest day so far in the 2024 race for the White House, is almost upon us. Related Win for Trump in US Supreme Court ballot case Nikki Haley beats Donald Trump in Washington DC for first primary victory Super Tuesday: What is it and why is it so important? Cheaper to tear down Premier House than renovate, agent says Politics housing The real estate agent says it would be far more financially viable to knock the Prime Minister's Residence down and start over. Audio Premier House: 'Significantly cheaper' to demolish, rather than renovate How much do authors get paid in New Zealand? money books "Very few" book authors make a living as a full-time writer in New Zealand, with a 10 percent royalty rate in a small market barely paying the bills. Audio How much do authors get paid in New Zealand? Boot camps for young offenders are expensive and do not work, critics say New Zealand politics Critics of military style boot camps for young offenders say they do not work and will unfairly target those with disabilities or mental illness. Boot camps for young offenders are expensive and do not work, critics say The tobacco industry language in ministerial papers More Top Stories 'Weight off of our shoulders': Uninsured homeowner offered buyout New Zealand 'Weight off of our shoulders': Uninsured homeowner offered buyout following Auckland floods Abandoned yacht to be listed for $1 if owner doesn't front New Zealand Owner of forlorn yacht abandoned in Otago's Port Chalmers sought Why worker shortages at Ōhakea are putting commercial flights at risk New Zealand 'Compromised': Airline says Ōhakea's staffing woes puts commercial flights at risk Eye watering cost for Auckland roading project, cyclists say New Zealand Eye watering amount of money for south Auckland roading project, cyclists say The city that saw 618 hours of sunshine over summer New Zealand Summer sees peak temperature of 37C, makes top 10 warmest on record Hurricanes to apologise to government over 'redneck' haka Sport Hurricanes to apologise to government over Poua 'redneck' haka Latest news bulletin 4 am Wednesday 6 March The Briefing New Zealand Neil Finn joins U2 for Crowded House tribute New Zealand music 5 Mar 2024 The Kiwi music icon has virtually joined Irish super-group U2 at a Las Vegas concert to play on a tribute version of 'Don't Dream It's Over'. Video Neil Finn makes virtual appearance with U2 on Crowded House classic Busy Tuesday night for Christchurch Hospital Large swells for capital, gale warnings in the south More New Zealand news Politics Binned bins causing rubbish rage New Zealand Politics 5 Mar 2024 Aucklanders out and about looking for somewhere to dispose of their garbage are finding there are fewer bins than there used to be. Bins binned in Auckland Council drive to cut costs Rego cost rises 'can't be a broken promise' - Minister Chris Bishop National MP Tim Costley apologises to Grant Robertson over shower comment More Politics news Sport Rugby Radar: Wrapping the Weekend Sport 5 Mar 2024 RNZ looks over the biggest moments, statement performances, and all the water cooler chat from the weekend's rugby around the globe. Rugby Radar: Wrapping the Weekend Football roundup: Wellington Phoenix’s enforced pre-season gamble paying off Report says Cycling NZ has addressed broken model More Sport news Business Canterbury bar has liquor licence suspended after drunk patron dies in crash Business Canterbury 5 Mar 2024 The Alcohol Regulatory and Licensing Authority found bar staff continued to serve the man alcohol despite his level of intoxication. The Platform has liquor licence suspended after drunk patron dies in crash Growing gaps in NZ's cybersecurity - research Broadcasting Minister Melissa Lee denies hiding after Newshub news More Business news More News & Current Affairs New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Local Democracy Reporting Comment & Analysis In Depth Featured stories Annika Pfitzinger: 'I could still have a very long career ahead of me' Next month Annika Pfitzinger will represent New Zealand at the World Cross Country Championships in Serbia. A huge feat considering six years ago she was confined to the couch, suffering from crippling headaches and inexplicable exhaustion. Audio Annika Pfitzinger: 'I could still have a very long career ahead of me' Wellington clothing label cuts out synthetics Ever considered how much plastic is in the clothes you wear? Gosia Piatek has. She's spent the last 17 years trying to eliminate plastic from Kowtow, the clothing label she founded in Wellington in 2006. Audio Wellington clothing label cuts out synthetics Credit where credit’s due: Super Round really was super Analysis: You have to hand it to the players, coaches and officials because they couldn't have delivered a better advertisement for the competition, Jamie Wall writes Video Credit where credit’s due: Super Round really was super The Waikato Wars: What painter Richard Lewer didn’t learn at school Lewer’s exhibition What they didn’t teach me at school about the Waikato Wars has been his most difficult project, he tells Culture 101’s Mark Amery. Audio The Waikato Wars: What painter Richard Lewer didn’t learn at school More featured stories In Case You Missed It Winston Peters confirms plans to visit India next week 5 Mar 2024 The Foreign Affairs Minister announces plans to visit India, Indonesia and Singapore as part of his first trip to Asia in this coalition government. Winston Peters confirms plans to visit India next week Robyn Malcolm on writing her own rules 5 Mar 2024 In this episode of It's Personal, Robyn Malcolm talks to Anika Moa about her latest role Robyn Malcolm on writing her own rules What's coming in Parliament this week 5 Mar 2024 This week, like most weeks so far this Parliament, will be run almost entirely under the rules of urgency. What's coming in Parliament this week Teen chopping champ still needs parents' permission 5 Mar 2024 Hokitika 16-year-old Jack Matthews says he has "pretty big goals". Teen chopping champ still needs parents' permission More from ICYMI Comment & Analysis Luxon's criticisms of spending come back to bite Analysis - National's Tama Potaka could have been mistaken for giving advice to his own leader when he told Newshub on Friday morning "the New Zealand taxpayer… Luxon's criticisms of profligate spending come back to bite A royal dilemma as public curiosity over Kate grows Analysis - The health problems of both the King and the Princess of Wales have raised questions around what Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace want the… Kate Middleton: A royal dilemma as public curiosity over princess grows Week in Politics: Angry debate on 'the bill that kills' Analysis - What we learnt as the government pushed two controversial bills through Parliament under urgency. The Week in Politics: Rush of law changes fire up opposition parties How state care fails NZ's most vulnerable young people Analysis - Care and protection residences are increasingly used as a solution for young people with complex needs. What needs to change? Care and protection, or containment and punishment? How state care fails NZ’s most vulnerable young people More comment & analysis RNZ Music Taite Music Prize finalists announced The award recognises creatively outstanding New Zealand albums released in the past year. The 10 albums in contention for the 2024 Taite Music Prize span genres from hip hop to indie folk to metal. Video, Audio Taite Music Prize finalists announced Japanese trio Shonen Knife on 42 years of pop-punk "I didn't know Nirvana and they looked very wild and I was very scared to tour with them ... but they were very kind and I found that they were gentlemen." Video, Audio Japanese trio Shonen Knife on 42 years of pop-punk Nashville Babylon Mark Rogers showcases reggae from Trinity, John Martyn covering Portishead, classic soul from Donny Hathaway, and Dinah Washington plus a rock 'n' roll smash courtesy of Eddie Cochran.. Audio Nashville Babylon New Horizons: Allison Russell - From Montreal to Nashville Canadian singer Allison Russell was on Joni Mitchell's Newport and Hollywood Bowl stages, stood alongside Rhiannon Giddens and Leyla McCalla for Songs of Our Native Daughters and has released two splendid solo albums. William Dart follows her career. Audio New Horizons: Allison Russell - From Montreal to Nashville More from RNZ Music In Depth Bailout warning before Newshub's collapse Minister was told the government may face requests to bailout media companies if it failed to progress a law forcing digital platforms to pay local media for… Bailout warning went to Minister Melissa Lee’s office before Newshub’s collapse The tobacco industry language in ministerial papers The striking similarities between the language and themes of the tobacco industry and notes from a minister's office. Smoke Signals: The tobacco industry language that found its way into government policy 'Acutely unwell' mental health patients at homeless shelter Clinical care is typically full beyond capacity, leaving a homeless shelter feeling more at risk from 'very mentally unwell people'. 'Very mentally unwell people' in homeless shelter amidst constant shortage of space in clinical care Costello ignored Treaty breach warning The minister in charge of tobacco regulation was warned repealing smokefree legislation would be seen as a breach of the Treaty of Waitangi. Associate Health Minister Casey Costello got warning of possible Treaty of Waitangi breach over smokefree law repeal More from In Depth What You Need to Know Why does Woolworth's look like it's struggling? Explainer - At first glance, it doesn't make sense that New Zealand's second-biggest supermarket chain had a drop in earnings. RNZ clears up the confusion. High prices but lower earnings: What you need to know about Woolworth's half-year results Why are fertility rates falling? Explainer - Fertility rates in New Zealand, and around the world, keep dropping. What does this mean? Fewer births, an older population, does it matter? What you need to know Covid-19 testing: What you need to know Explainer - With all these new Covid variants, how are the old tests holding up? And what's the point of testing now, anyway? Covid-19 testing in a time of subvariant soup: What you need to know Fire season is here: What you need to know Explainer - Warnings about an intense wildfire season seem to be coming to fruition. RNZ asks the experts what's going on. The fires are coming thick and fast: What you need to know More from WYNTK Featured video More RNZ video... Play video Bella Kalolo: Body image & achieving quiet dreams media life and society Bella Kalolo: Body image & achieving quiet dreams More RNZ videos Play video 15,000 Teenagers working up to 50 hours to support families education 15,000 Teenagers working up to 50 hours to support families Play video It's Personal with Anika Moa: Trailer health life and society It's Personal with Anika Moa: Trailer Play video Navjot Kaur becomes first Sikh woman to represent NZ at Miss World pageant IndoNZ IndoNZ Featured Stories Navjot Kaur becomes first Sikh woman to represent NZ at Miss World pageant Play video Bay of Plenty YouTube sensation Shay Williamson eats only what he hunts food Bay of Plenty YouTube sensation Shay Williamson eats only what he hunts More RNZ video Audio on demand Popular audio Playing Favourites with Dame Kiri Te Kanawa Listen duration 54′ :17″ Add to playlistPlaylist This audio is not downloadable due to copyright restrictions. Playing Favourites with Dame Kiri Te Kanawa High blood pressure and no time to exercise? Try wall squats Listen duration 16′ :26″ Add to playlistPlaylist Download Download as Ogg Download as MP3 Download as AAC Play Ogg in browser Play MP3 in browser Play AAC in browser The most effective exercise to lower blood pressure Timothy Heath: Are we entering a 'neomedieval era' Listen duration 30′ :33″ Add to playlistPlaylist Download Download as Ogg Download as MP3 Download as AAC Play Ogg in browser Play MP3 in browser Play AAC in browser Timothy Heath: Are we entering a 'neomedieval era' Understanding menopause and the impact it has with leading UK expert Listen duration 21′ :46″ Add to playlistPlaylist Download Download as Ogg Download as MP3 Download as AAC Play Ogg in browser Play MP3 in browser Play AAC in browser Understanding menopause and the impact it has with leading UK expert Dr Judith Mackay: Tobacco industry critic on NZ's fight for control Listen duration 31′ :00″ Add to playlistPlaylist Download Download as Ogg Download as MP3 Download as AAC Play Ogg in browser Play MP3 in browser Play AAC in browser Dr Judith Mackay: Tobacco industry critic on NZ's fight for control More popular audioAll audio Popular programmes Saturday Morning Saturday Morning Sunday Morning Sunday Morning Afternoons Afternoons Mediawatch Mediawatch More programmes What’s on RNZ National On now National live stream All Night Programme All Night Programme Just finished Worlds of Music Worlds of Music Up next First Up First Up RNZ Concert On now Concert live stream Music Through the Night Music Through the Night RNZ Pacific Latest International live stream News in Pacific Languages News in Pacific Languages RNZ stations National Concert RNZ Pacific Parliament - live stream Latest & popular Latest audio Popular audio Latest video How to watch & listen Audio help Radio Follow our podcasts Sky, Freeview & Satellite YouTube RNZ apps for iPhone and Android RNZ Flash Briefing for Amazon Alexa RNZ News for Google Assistant About RNZ About Contact Audience Feedback and Complaints Media Releases Awards Jobs RNZ Your Media Matters Local Democracy Reporting RNZ Commissioning Join & Follow RNZ RNZ on Facebook RNZ on Twitter RNZ on Youtube RNZ on Instagram Sign up to RNZ Newsletters Terms of use © Copyright Radio New Zealand 2024