Open source security developers will love - ActiveState Skip to content How secure is your software supply chain? Take the survey to score an early copy and score a giftcard. Solutions Products Resources Pricing Use Cases Supply Chain Security Supply Chain Security Dependency Management Managed Distributions Managed Distributions Beyond End of Life Support Python Perl Request EoL Support Python Perl Request EoL Support Governance and Regulations SLSA Executive Order 14028 SLSA Executive Order 14028 The Platform Our all-in-one solution to build your runtime environment and get it done right. Learn About The Platform CLI - State Tool Our tool that lets you use, manage, and update your projects from within the CLI. Learn About The CLI Tool Product Updates Product Updates Open Source Maintainers Package and Language Updates Product Updates Open Source Maintainers Package and Language Updates Supported Languages Python Perl Ruby Tcl Java Python Perl Ruby Tcl Java Resources Checkout our resources page to learn more about our products and solutions. View Resources Page Support Browse our support page to learn about our forums, docs, and more. View Support Page Community Forums Quick Links Blog Quick Reads White Papers Data Sheets Videos Webinars Product Demos Blog Quick Reads White Papers Data Sheets Videos Webinars Product Demos Our Advantages Testimonials Case Studies Anaconda Strawberry Perl Software Composition Analysis Dynamic and Static Application Testing Testimonials Case Studies Anaconda Strawberry Perl Software Composition Analysis Dynamic and Static Application Testing Pricing View our pricing page to learn about the features and add-ons available for each of our tiers. View Pricing Contact Us Contact us to ask questions related to pricing, paid tiers, etc. Contact Us Contact Sales Contact sales to ask questions related to enterprise, upgrading, etc. Contact Sales Solutions Products Resources Pricing Contact Us Log In Use Cases Supply Chain Security Supply Chain Security Dependency Management Managed Distributions Managed Distributions Beyond End of Life Support Python Perl Request EoL Support Python Perl Request EoL Support Governance and Regulations SLSA Executive Order 14028 SLSA Executive Order 14028 The Platform Our all-in-one solution to build your runtime environment and get it done right. Learn About The Platform CLI - State Tool Our tool that lets you use, manage, and update your projects from within the CLI. Learn About The CLI Tool Product Updates Product Updates Open Source Maintainers Package and Language Updates Product Updates Open Source Maintainers Package and Language Updates Supported Languages Python Perl Ruby Tcl Java Python Perl Ruby Tcl Java Resources Checkout our resources page to learn more about our products and solutions. View Resources Page Support Browse our support page to learn about our forums, docs, and more. View Support Page Community Forum Quick Links Blog Quick Reads White Papers Data Sheets Videos Webinars Product Demos Blog Quick Reads White Papers Data Sheets Videos Webinars Product Demos Our Advantages Testimonials Case Studies Anaconda Strawberry Perl Software Composition Analysis Dynamic and Static Application Testing Testimonials Case Studies Anaconda Strawberry Perl Software Composition Analysis Dynamic and Static Application Testing Pricing View our pricing page to learn about the features and add-ons available for each of our tiers. View Pricing Contact Us Contact us to ask questions related to pricing, paid tiers, etc. Contact Us Contact Sales Contact sales to ask us about enterprise, upgrading, etc. Contact Sales Contact Us Menu Contact Us Log In Open source security developers will love Open Source Security Developers will love. Try it Free See How it Works “ ActiveState is so seamless that the business can function even with turnover and little training. The lights stay on and engineers don’t have to worry about what language they are using to add value. ” Ashish SaxenaDirector of Engineering, Druva Over 1 million users trust us with their open source security. ActiveState is the first and only secure open source integration platform. We provide security so seamless your developers won’t know it’s there, with… Empirical observability Visualize in-use open source, where it’s deployed, and where it came from. Scalable consistency Centrally manage and reproduce environments across teams and infrastructure. Unrestricted upgrades Use any versions you want, securely, and upgrade on demand. We do three things better than anyone, so we built our Platform around them. 1. Transitive dependency visibility We put in the work to ingest and break down packages to their core, we don’t stop at the top-level dependencies. This means when you get an SBOM or attestation from us, or we show you what’s in a package, it’s complete, accurate and trustworthy. 2. Building artifacts from source Sure our engine can reproduce your build, but we also do it from source, every time. This means every build is solved quickly and efficiently, and with the assurance that you’re getting exactly what you want in your build. 3. Solving universal dependencies We get things to just work so you have one less thing to worry about when you start your project. This means you can throw the packages you want into our platform and we will resolve the dependencies in minutes so you can get to coding, faster. Need to move fast? Use our CLI tool to access your projects without opening a browser. Get Started with the CLI Protecting your code, one build at a time! EoL Version Support We provide End-of-Life version support by offering updates, patches, and security fixes for outdated software versions. Audit/Mandate Compliance We facilitate compliance with audits and mandates by providing comprehensive tools and support to ensure adherence to regulatory requirements and standards. Supply Chain Security Guidance We streamline the initiation of supply chain security measures by offering comprehensive guidance and tailored solutions, ensuring a smooth and secure implementation process. You shouldn’t have to choose between security and speed. Contact Us Ready to Get Started? Build your Python, Perl, Ruby, and Tcl dependencies from source and get a secure and easy-to-share project. Get Started Contact Us Join Our Mailing List Products Products Platform State Tool Menu Products Platform State Tool Product Updates Product Updates Open Source Maintainers Package and Language Updates Menu Product Updates Open Source Maintainers Package and Language Updates Supported Languages Python Perl Ruby Tcl Java Menu Python Perl Ruby Tcl Java Resources Resources Menu Resources Quick Links Blog Quick Reads White Papers Data Sheets Videos Webinars Product Demos Menu Blog Quick Reads White Papers Data Sheets Videos Webinars Product Demos Our Advantages Testimonials Case Studies Anaconda Strawberry Perl Software Composition Analysis Dynamic and Static Application Testing Menu Testimonials Case Studies Anaconda Strawberry Perl Software Composition Analysis Dynamic and Static Application Testing Solutions Solutions Menu Solutions Use Cases Supply Chain Security Menu Supply Chain Security Dependency Management Managed Distributions Menu Managed Distributions Beyond End of Life Support Python Perl Request EoL Support Menu Python Perl Request EoL Support Governance and Regulations SLSA Executive Order 14028 Menu SLSA Executive Order 14028 Pricing Pricing Contact Us Menu Pricing Contact Us Company About Us Careers Leadership Team Press Releases Opt-out preferences Cookie Policy (EU) Cookie Policy (UK) Cookie Policy (CA) Cookie Policy (AU) Imprint Menu About Us Careers Leadership Team Press Releases Opt-out preferences Cookie Policy (EU) Cookie Policy (UK) Cookie Policy (CA) Cookie Policy (AU) Imprint Support Service Status Community Forum Komodo Forum Menu Service Status Community Forum Komodo Forum Linkedin Twitter Github Instagram © 2024 ActiveState Software Inc. All rights reserved. ActiveState®, ActivePerl®, ActiveTcl®, ActivePython®, Komodo®, ActiveGo™, ActiveRuby™, ActiveNode™, ActiveLua™, and The Open Source Languages Company™ are all trademarks of ActiveState.Legal – Privacy Policy – Accessibility Manage your privacy To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage your privacy To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site and show (non-) personalized ads. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices. Your choices will be applied to this site only. You can change your settings at any time, including withdrawing your consent, by using the toggles on the Cookie Policy, or by clicking on the manage consent button at the bottom of the screen. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny Manage options Save preferences Manage options {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent Scroll to Top