IIASA | International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis Skip to main content Main navigation Home Research Programs Projects Publications Science into Policy Models, tools, and data News and events News Events Press corner DG corner Blog IIASA Voices Options magazine Join us Early career research Employment Network with us Do business with us Sign up About IIASA Institute Strategy Annual Reports Governance Management Members Awards and honors Staff A A 1 2 3 4 5 International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) We are an international research institute that advances systems analysis and applies its research methods to identify policy solutions to reduce human footprints, enhance the resilience of natural and socioeconomic systems, and help achieve the sustainable development goals. Shared Socioeconomic Pathway (SSP) Extensions Explorer The Shared Socioeconomic Pathway (SSP) Extensions Explorer is a tool for visualizing and downloading quantitative elaborations of the Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs), which emerged in the literature since the publication of the original set (e.g., GDP, population) of SSP-related indicators. The tool hosts scenarios of indicators such as Gender Inequality Index, Governance, Rule of Law, Human Development Index, and Migration Flows. Explaining the impacts of climate change on migration Options Magazine, Winter 2023: There has been much debate around the impact of climate change on migration. The international discourses around this topic, however, have often been more politically charged and less backed by science. Summer School for Systems Modeling The Summer School for Systems Modeling will take place from 15-26 July 2024. Unearthing the gold: the art and science of social intelligence mining In the era of digital communication, myriads of social media and web platforms can be used as vital sources of data, which can help us explore the patterns of how public opinion and reactions are shaped, how new trends emerge, and how the market dynamics work. Being at the forefront of exploring this promising field, IIASA researchers Hossein Hassani and Nadejda Komendantova explain what social intelligence mining is and how can it be used for our collective benefit. Slideshow links IIASA Flagship Report Home Programs Advancing Systems Analysis Research groups Cooperation and Transformative Governance (CAT) Systemic Risk and Resilience (SYRR) Exploratory Modeling of Human-natural Systems (EM) Novel Data Ecosystems for Sustainability (NODES) Biodiversity and Natural Resources Research groups Agriculture, Forestry, and Ecosystem Services (AFE) Biodiversity, Ecology, and Conservation (BEC) Integrated Biosphere Futures (IBF) Water Security (WAT) Economic Frontiers Research fields Economics of Equal Life Chances (EELC) Economics of disruptive change (EDC) Energy, Climate, and Environment Research groups Integrated Assessment and Climate Change (IACC) Pollution Management (PM) Sustainable Service Systems (S3) Transformative Institutional and Social Solutions (TISS) Population and Just Societies Research groups Equity and Justice (EQU) Migration and Sustainable Development (MIG) Multidimensional Demographic Modeling (MDM) Social Cohesion, Health, and Wellbeing (SHAW) Strategic Initiatives Current intitiatives fairSTREAM project JustTrans4All project RESIST project TRUST project News View more 01 March 2024 Johan Rockström to receive the 2024 Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement It is our pleasure to announce that long-time IIASA collaborator and Director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK), Johan Rockström, will receive the 2024 Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement. 29 February 2024 New SSP Extensions Explorer launched in open access The International Committee on New Integrated Climate Change Assessment Scenarios (ICONICS) and IIASA have launched a new Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSP) Extensions Explorer as part of the ICONICS webinar series. 29 February 2024 Improving energy security with policies focused on demand-side solutions Energy systems essential to supporting our everyday activities face increasing threats from wars, pandemics, climate change, and other unexpected events. An international team of researchers found that demand-oriented solutions have a significantly greater potential to reduce our vulnerability to energy crises compared to supply measures. Events View more 06 March 2024 University Museum of Natural History, Oxford Oxford Networks for the Environment annual lecture featuring John Schellnhuber 06 March 2024 Brussels-Belgium Healthy aging and longevity in Europe: How do we prepare for the 100-year life? 07 March 2024 Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS), Pakistan NEXUS Summit: Harmonizing Energy, Water, and Agriculture Systems for a Low Emissions Future Vision and Members The International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) is an independent international research institute with National and Regional Member Organisations in Africa, the Americas, Asia, and Europe. Learn more about IIASA Vision The IIASA vision for 2021 to 2030 is to be the primary destination for integrated systems solutions and policy insights to current, emerging and novel global sustainability challenges, threats, and opportunities. Members Each IIASA member is represented by a National or Regional Member Organization that governs and funds the institute and acts as a bridge to link the country’s research and policy communities to IIASA. Publications View more Schinko, T. , Karabaczek, V., Menk, L., & Kienberger, S. (2024). Identifying constraints and limits to climate change adaptation in Austria under deep uncertainty. Frontiers in Climate 6 10.3389/fclim.2024.1303767. Cox, P.M., Williamson, M.S., Friedlingstein, P., Jones, C.D., Raoult, N., Rogelj, J. , & Varney, R.M. (2024). Emergent constraints on carbon budgets as a function of global warming. Nature Communications 15 (1) e1885. 10.1038/s41467-024-46137-7. Oshiro, K. & Fujimori, S. (2024). Mid-century net-zero emissions pathways for Japan: Potential roles of global mitigation scenarios in informing national decarbonization strategies. Energy and Climate Change 5 e100128. 10.1016/j.egycc.2024.100128. Bento, N., Grubler, A. , Boza-Kiss, B. , De Stercke, S., Krey, V. , McCollum, D., Zimm, C. , & Alves, T. (2024). Leverage demand-side policies for energy security. Science 383 (6686) 946-949. 10.1126/science.adj6150. Hunt, J. , Jurasz, J., Zakeri, B. , Tong, W., Nascimento, A., Guo, F. , Đurin, B., Dąbek, P., Wada, Y. , van Ruijven, B. , & Riahi, K. (2024). Electric truck gravity energy storage: An alternative to seasonal energy storage. Energy Storage 6 (1) e575. 10.1002/est2.575. Choquette-Levy, Nicolas, Wildemeersch, Matthias, Santos, Fernando P., Levin, Simon A., Oppenheimer, Michael, & Weber, Elke U. (2024). Prosocial preferences improve climate risk management in subsistence farming communities. Nature Sustainability 10.1038/s41893-024-01272-3. (In Press) Subscribe to Subscribe to IIASA for WEF Subscribe Keep up to date with our latest news, events, and other IIASA activities. Sign up. Submit Cookie settings The IIASA website only uses cookies that are required for the functionality of the website. Functional Cookies These cookies are necessary to provide advanced functionality and personalization. They can be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we use on our sites. Save selection Accept Footer menu Media Employment How to find us Whistleblowing Reporting System Cookies Terms of use Follow us on: International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) | Schlossplatz 1 | A-2361 Laxenburg, Austria T: (+43 2236) 807 0 info@iiasa.ac.at © 2024 International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA)