CARE - Fighting Global Poverty and World Hunger Search Our Work Crisis Food & Water Health Education & Work Climate Equality Where We Work Our Impact Advocacy Women's Economic Justice Innovation Celebrate International Women's Day with CARE Reports & Resources Reports & Resources Archive Get Involved Speak Out Organize Attend Join Ways to Give Careers News & Stories Latest Stories News Health Culture Ideas Perspectives Press Releases Media Coverage Press Resources About Us Mission & Vision Leadership Global Advisory Council Strategic Partners Our History Equity and Inclusion FAQs Contact Us The Original CARE Package® Donate Give Once Fight back against violence, hunger, injustice, and poverty in the fiercest way—with CARE. Give Monthly Your monthly support will save lives. Become a monthly donor today. More ways to give Give Once Give Monthly More ways to give Our Work Crisis Food & Water Health Education & Work Climate Equality Where We Work Our Impact Advocacy Women's Economic Justice Innovation Celebrate International Women's Day with CARE Reports & Resources Reports & Resources Archive Get Involved Speak Out Organize Attend Join Ways to Give Careers News & Stories Latest Stories News Health Culture Ideas Perspectives Press Releases Media Coverage Press Resources About Us Mission & Vision Leadership Global Advisory Council Strategic Partners Our History Equity and Inclusion FAQs Contact Us The Original CARE Package® URGENT: Families in Crisis – Help now! Urgent help needed -- your gift will provide food, health supplies, and shelter to families in crisis. Give now! GIVE NOW Latest News & Stories The world’s best-dressed nurse is in Sierra Leone: #SheLeadsTheWorld For International Women's Day 2024, CARE and acclaimed photographer Nigel Barker traveled to Sierra Leone to capture the essence and power of women's leadership through portraiture. Kadiatu was just one of the leaders the team met with. Read More Joint NGO Statement: as U.N. General Assembly meets to discuss the situation in the occupied Palestinian territory, Member States must restore funding to UNRWA In light of the ongoing humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza and the Israeli advance on Rafah, the last refuge for more than 1.5 million Palestinian civilians, the undersigned aid organisations are deeply concerned about the current and potential future suspension of funding for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA). Read More “SHE LEADS THE WORLD” THIS INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY Today, in advance of International Women’s Day (March 8), leading humanitarian organization CARE launched a new campaign – She Leads the World – in partnership with Nigel Barker. Read More More Stories Latest News & Stories The world’s best-dressed nurse is in Sierra Leone: #SheLeadsTheWorld Joint NGO Statement: as U.N. General Assembly meets to discuss the situation in the occupied Palestinian territory, Member States must restore funding to UNRWA “SHE LEADS THE WORLD” THIS INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY More Stories Here’s how you can help! From advocacy, to letter writing, donating money, volunteering and more, there are many ways you can help. Give a Gift Help those who are enduring conflict and hunger worldwide. Donate today Speak Out! Advocate for CARE Worldwide, 1.2 billion people live in absolute poverty. Most of them are women and girls. You can change that. Learn how to become an advocate Become a Monthly Donor When you give to CARE, you fight against the barriers that women and girls face every day. Start donating today Here’s how you can help! From advocacy, to letter writing, donating money, volunteering and more, there are many ways you can help. Give a Gift Help those who are enduring conflict and hunger worldwide. Donate today Speak Out! Advocate for CARE Worldwide, 1.2 billion people live in absolute poverty. Most of them are women and girls. You can change that. Learn how to become an advocate Become a Monthly Donor When you give to CARE, you fight against the barriers that women and girls face every day. Start donating today Celebrate International Women's Day with CARE For International Women’s Day, CARE and acclaimed photographer Nigel Barker traveled to Sierra Leone to meet and photograph powerful women leaders who are changing their lives and all those around them. Get involved The world is facing an undeniable and growing hunger crisis Today, less food is available. Available food is less accessible. Accessible food is not affordable. Learn more Ukraine Humanitarian Crisis Since the onset of conflict in Ukraine, the country’s humanitarian situation has surpassed even the worst-case predicted scenarios. Read more For more than 75 years, CARE has led the way to a better life for millions of vulnerable people around the world. We save lives, defeat poverty, achieve social justice, and fight for women and girls. Here’s how we fight poverty. CARE tackles poverty from multiple angles. See how we focus our efforts in the fight against poverty. Crisis Food & Water Health Education & Work Climate Equality Join the fight. Sign up for our mailing list. Submit Text CARE to 227387 to stay connected. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Help fight world hunger. Families are facing a hunger crisis, spurred by conflict, climate change, and COVID-19. CARE is responding by providing immediate food and cash assistance and strengthening long-term food security. Donate Now Back to Top CARE works around the globe to save lives, defeat poverty and achieve social justice. We seek a world of hope, inclusion and social justice, where poverty has been overcome and all people live with dignity and security. 90% of all our expenses go to program services. Learn more Our Work Get Involved Ways to Give News & Stories About Us Donate Careers Corporate Partnerships Accountability & Transparency Annual Reports Financial Responsibility Equity & Inclusion Text CARE to Text CARE to 227387 to stay connected. to stay connected. 90% of all our expenses go to program services. Learn more CARE is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization. Our EIN number is 13-1685039. © 2023 CARE. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Text CARE to 227387 to stay connected.