Naked Security – Sophos News Skip to content Search Products & Services Security Operations Threat Research AI Research Naked Security Sophos Life Search Open main menu Search Products & Services Security Operations Threat Research AI Research Naked Security Sophos Life Naked Security Insights, education and and advice on cybersecurity issues and threats September 26, 2023 Update on Naked Security To consolidate all of our security intelligence and news in one location, we have migrated Naked Security to the Sophos News platform. Naked Security August 29, 2023 Mom’s Meals issues “Notice of Data Event”: What to know and what to do It took six months for notifications to start, and we still don't know exactly what went down... but here's our advice on what to do. Naked Security August 24, 2023 S3 Ep149: How many cryptographers does it take to change a light bulb? Latest episode - listen now! Full transcript inside... Naked Security August 23, 2023 Using WinRAR? Be sure to patch against these code execution bugs… Imagine if you clicked on a harmless-looking image, but an unknown application fired up instead... Naked Security August 22, 2023 Smart light bulbs could give away your password secrets Cryptography isn't just about secrecy. You need to take care of authenticity (no imposters!) and integrity (no tampering!) as well. Naked Security August 21, 2023 “Snakes in airplane mode” – what if your phone says it’s offline but isn’t? WYSIWYG is short for "what you see is what you get". Except when it isn't... Naked Security August 17, 2023 S3 Ep148: Remembering crypto heroes Celebrating the true crypto bros. Listen now (full transcript available). Naked Security August 16, 2023 FBI warns about scams that lure you in as a mobile beta-tester Apps on your iPhone must come from the App Store. Except when they don't... we explain what to look out for. Naked Security August 15, 2023 “Grab hold and give it a wiggle” – ATM card skimming is still a thing The rise of tap-to-pay and chip-and-PIN hasn't rid the world of ATM card skimming criminals... Naked Security Load More Subscribe to get the latest updates in your inbox. Which categories are you interested in? You’re now subscribed! Change Region América Latina Brasil Deutschland English France Iberia Italia Japan Terms Privacy Privacy Notice Cookies Legal General Modern Slavery Statement Speak Out © 1997 - 2024 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved