Myers & Briggs Foundation Menu My MBTI® Personality Type 1.0 Why Learn Type? 1.1 All Types are Valuable 1.2 Take the MBTI® Instrument 1.3 Myers-Briggs® Overview 1.4 The Preferences 1.5 The 16 MBTI® Personality Types 1.6 My MBTI® Results 1.7 Unique Myers-Briggs® Features 2.0 Three Unique Instruments 2.1 Best-Fit Type 2.2 Is the MBTI® Assessment a Test? 2.3 Ethical Use 2.4 Type Dynamics: Overview 2.5 Type Dynamics: Processes 2.6 Type Development 2.7 Type in My Life 3.0 Careers 3.1 Self-Growth 3.2 Relationships 3.3 Children and Families 3.4 Learning 3.5 Organizations 3.6 Using Type as a Professional 4.0 MBTI® Code of Ethics 4.1 Become MBTI® Certified 4.2 Master Practitioners 4.3 Research & Library 5.0 Research 5.1 Scientific Validity 5.2 JPT Research Digest 5.3 Library 5.4 About Us 6.0 Who We Are 6.1 Our Legacy 6.2 What We Do 6.3 MBTI® Certification → My MBTI® Personality Type 1.0 Why Learn Type? 1.1 All Types are Valuable 1.2 Take the MBTI® Instrument 1.3 Myers-Briggs® Overview 1.4 The Preferences 1.5 The 16 MBTI® Personality Types 1.6 My MBTI® Results 1.7 View All Unique Myers-Briggs® Features 2.0 Three Unique Instruments 2.1 Best-Fit Type 2.2 Is the MBTI® Assessment a Test? 2.3 Ethical Use 2.4 Type Dynamics: Overview 2.5 Type Dynamics: Processes 2.6 Type Development 2.7 View All Type in My Life 3.0 Careers 3.1 Self-Growth 3.2 Relationships 3.3 Children and Families 3.4 Learning 3.5 Organizations 3.6 View All Using Type as a Professional 4.0 MBTI® Code of Ethics 4.1 Become MBTI® Certified 4.2 Master Practitioners 4.3 View All Research & Library 5.0 Research 5.1 Scientific Validity 5.2 JPT Research Digest 5.3 Library 5.4 View All About Us 6.0 Who We Are 6.1 Our Legacy 6.2 What We Do 6.3 View All MBTI® Certification 7.0 My MBTI® Personality Type 1.0 1.1 Why Learn Type? Personality type defined, the benefits of learning type, insights that can be gained, reasons for using the official MBTI® instrument, and how the Myers-Briggs® system works for people. 1.2 All Types are Valuable Why type awareness is important in recognizing that all types are valuable. 1.3 Take the MBTI® Instrument Where and how to take the official Myers-Briggs Type Indicator® (MBTI®) assessment. Sources and suggestions for finding and hiring MBTI certified professionals. 1.4 Myers-Briggs® Overview Learn the framework of the Myers-Briggs® system, definitions of the preference pairs (E-I, S-N, T-F, J-P), explore an interactive type table of all 16 personality types, and explore important key points about the MBTI® assessment. 1.5 The Preferences The term preferences defined and in-depth descriptions of the preference pairs Extraversion-Introversion, Sensing-Intuition, Thinking-Feeling, Judging-Perceiving. 1.6 The 16 MBTI® Personality Types Descriptions of the 16 MBTI® personality types. 1.7 My MBTI® Results Find tips for understanding your results and learn how to talk about type with other people. Unique Myers-Briggs® Features 2.0 2.1 Three Unique Instruments The MBTI® framework consists of three unique instruments. Learn about the features of the MBTI Step I™, MBTI Step II™, and MBTI Step III™ instruments. 2.2 Best-Fit Type What makes the MBTI® assessment unique from many other personality surveys is the ethical requirement of the interpretive feedback session to verify a best-fit type. The value of a verification process is explained in detail. 2.3 Is the MBTI® Assessment a Test? People often ask to take the MBTI® test. Learn the reasons why the MBTI is an assessment, instrument, tool, or inventory, but not a test, and why that matters. 2.4 Ethical Use Myers & Briggs Foundation is committed to upholding ethical standards that protect the client's rights and the integrity of the MBTI® assessment. Learn what people need to know when taking the official MBTI instrument. 2.5 Type Dynamics: Overview Personality type is more complex and far richer than most people know. Type dynamics as revealed through the four-letter MBTI® type code is unique to the Myers-Briggs® system and is the key to understanding type. Learn about process pairs and an overview of how type dynamics works. 2.6 Type Dynamics: Processes Find the order of type dynamics (Dominant, Auxiliary, Tertiary, Inferior processes) for your personality type with an interactive type table. In-depth descriptions of each process as experienced at your best and when under stress are provided. 2.7 Type Development The Myers-Briggs® model is developmental. Discover the pathway for type development over the lifespan. Type in My Life 3.0 3.1 Careers The role of the MBTI® assessment for helping you choose a career and manage career changes at every life stage. Learn why it is important to have all personality types in all careers. 3.2 Self-Growth Understanding the results of the MBTI® assessment can help you better recognize various stages of personal growth and type development. Learn how type supports self-growth. 3.3 Relationships Knowing your MBTI® type and that of others in your life can help you appreciate and understand differences in relationships with friends, partners, children, and co-workers. 3.4 Children and Families Type awareness helps families and young people understand, appreciate, and make constructive use of personality differences. 3.5 Learning Learn how MBTI® type affects the way you learn best and how you approach teaching others. Information about type use with young people is provided for parents, teachers, and school counselors. 3.6 Organizations Personality type knowledge can help you manage your own work and how you work with others. Teams are more effective when they understand personality differences. Learn how organizations benefit from type awareness. Using Type as a Professional 4.0 4.1 MBTI® Code of Ethics Certified MBTI® Professionals are guided by ethical practice. Information on permissions, trademarks, and translations of the MBTI instrument. 4.2 Become MBTI® Certified Information on how, where, and why to become certified to use the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator® instruments. 4.3 Master Practitioners Get information on MBTI® Certified Professionals who take their education and practice to a level of mastery. Find a Master Practitioner. Research & Library 5.0 5.1 Research The Research Department at Myers & Briggs Foundation supports research on the MBTI® instruments and our Jungian assessments and publishes the Journal of Psychological Type® Research Digest. 5.2 Scientific Validity Why is scientific validity of a personality assessment important? Information on reliability and validity of the MBTI® instruments. 5.3 JPT Research Digest Journal of Psychological Type® Research Digest has been published annually since 2016. Access all editions here. 5.4 Library Myers & Briggs Foundation library houses the largest collection of type publications in the world. Access more than four decades of the Journal of Psychological Type®, MBTI® research, and Jungian topics in our online repository MILO. About Us 6.0 6.1 Who We Are The mission, vision, and purpose of Myers & Briggs Foundation 6.2 Our Legacy The history of the Myers-Briggs® system and Myers & Briggs Foundation from C. G. Jung to Isabel Briggs Myers, Mary McCaulley, and Center for Applications of Psychological Type. 6.3 What We Do The range of services, activities, and priorities of Myers & Briggs Foundation in training, research, and our assessments. Learn about the passion of Myers & Briggs Foundation Who We Are What is personality typeand the MBTI® Assessment? Learn More Insights "The understanding of type can make your perceptions clearer, your judgements sounder, and your life closer to your heart's desire. Isabel Briggs Myers Our Legacy Sign Up For news and information from Myers & Briggs Foundation → My MBTI® Personality Type Why Learn Type? All Types are Valuable Take the MBTI® Instrument Myers-Briggs® Overview The Preferences The 16 MBTI® Personality Types My MBTI® Results Unique Myers-Briggs® Features Three Unique Instruments Best-Fit Type Is the MBTI® Assessment a Test? Ethical Use Type Dynamics: Overview Type Dynamics: Processes Type Development Type in My Life Careers Self-Growth Relationships Children and Families Learning Organizations Using Type as a Professional MBTI® Code of Ethics Become MBTI® Certified Master Practitioners Research & Library Research Scientific Validity JPT Research Digest Library About Us Who We Are Our Legacy What We Do Legal Privacy Sitemap Home Facebook LinkedIn Email Sign Up Contact Us Address 203 NE 1st St, Gainesville, FL 32601 All Rights Reserved 2024 All Rights Reserved 2024