Resources for the Future—Healthy Environment, Thriving Economy RFF my Resources for the Future Home Menu Toggle menu Topics Publications Data & Tools Events About Back About Us Our People Our Supporters Careers Subscribe Partnerships Newsroom Contact Us Resources Magazine Search Donate Resources Magazine Toggle site search Donate Topics Publications Data & Tools Events About Back About Us Our People Our Supporters Careers Subscribe Partnerships Newsroom Contact Us Resources Magazine Search Donate Advancing a Healthy Environment and a Thriving Economy Latest Policy Incentives to Scale Carbon Dioxide Removal: Analysis and Recommendations This report surveys the challenges of scaling carbon dioxide removal efforts in the United States and details potential policy solutions. Wednesday | Environmental Justice: Taking Stock of Justice40 Join us on March 6 at 12 pm ET for a webinar that will explore the implementation of the US government’s largest environmental justice initiative. Resources Radio — Feb. 27, 2024 Decarbonizing the Industrial Sector, with Jeffrey Rissman Report — Feb. 22, 2024 China’s Nationwide CO2 Emissions Trading System: A General Equilibrium Assessment Blog Post — Feb. 22, 2024 Modeling Deep Decarbonization in the Industrial Sector Report — Feb. 8, 2024 The European Union Policy Toolbox to Support Just Transition Topics Electric Power Conducting research to inform the ongoing transformation and decarbonization of the electricity sector. Transportation Understanding the costs, benefits, and consequences of transportation policies. Industry and Fuels Solutions to decarbonize industry and transition away from fossil fuels. Land Use, Forestry, and Agriculture Examining the way natural, agricultural, and urban land is used and managed. Comprehensive Climate Strategies Generating ideas to drive emissions reductions efficiently and equitably. Climate Risks and Resilience Analyzing risk and measuring impacts to inform critical climate decisions. Federal Climate Policy Using the best-available data to inform US federal action to address climate change. International Climate Policy Providing global analysis and policy solutions needed to achieve ambitious climate targets. Carbon Pricing Examining the design and implications of carbon pricing policies for the economy and the environment Equity in the Energy Transition Exploring solutions to the challenges raised by a transition away from fossil fuels. Climate Finance and Financial Risk Improving the measurement and modeling of climate risks to financial markets. Environmental Justice Informing decisionmaking that takes environmental and social justice into account. Social Cost of Carbon Improving the science behind estimating the social cost of carbon and other greenhouse gases. Natural Resources Examining how humans interact with natural resources, from species to water. Events Upcoming | Environmental Justice: Taking Stock of Justice40 On Wednesday, March 6, RFF will host a virtual event exploring the implementation of Justice40, the US federal government’s largest environmental justice initiative. Upcoming | Digging Deep: Critical Minerals, Electric Vehicles, and the Role of Innovation On Tuesday, March 12, experts will explore critical mineral markets, increased electric vehicle demand, and technological innovation in this virtual event. Impact Sharing Detailed Analysis RFF has provided crucial modeling support for the development of major clean electricity standard policies, including three recent Congressional proposals. Delivering Breakthrough Research As part of a team that made international headlines, RFF's research and modeling on ice sheets found that sea levels may rise in excess of two meters by 2100—double previous estimates. Informing Key Legislation RFF expertise helped inform the multibillion-dollar Energy Act of 2020 by demonstrating the benefits of additional funding for advanced energy technologies. Working with Decisionmakers In collaboration with NASA, RFF research showed that twice as many Americans as previously thought live in areas that do not meet national air quality standards. Enabling Equity and Fairness RFF's research on enabling equity in the energy transition helped inform Senate bills that would create jobs and reduce emissions by investing in local economic development and plugging oil and gas wells. Improving State Policy RFF provides crucial assistance to states like Colorado where we helped show how to meet emissions targets through the use of flexible cap-and-trade policies. Stewarding Science-Based Solutions RFF is leading a global team working to improve the science behind the social cost of carbon—a key metric that governments and businesses use to account for climate change in their actions. Contributing Our Expertise RFF's Business Leadership Council convenes corporations and NGOs to share lessons learned in implementing internal corporate carbon pricing strategies. Resources Magazine Issue 214: Reflecting on a Year of Research The latest issue of RFF’s magazine reflects on the organization’s work over the past year. Achieving the Paris Agreement Temperature Targets Would Yield Major Global Economic Benefits New RFF modeling shows that accelerating cuts to greenhouse gas emissions in the near future will produce major economic benefits and other long-term positive outcomes. Subscribe Get Breakthrough Environmental, Energy, and Natural Resource Ideas in Your Inbox Resources for the Future 1616 P St NW, Suite 600 Washington DC, 20036 202.328.5000 Topics All Topics Adaptation and Resilience Climate Risks and Resilience Comprehensive Climate Strategies Electric Power Industry and Fuels Land Use, Forestry, and Agriculture Transportation Events All Events Conferences Policy Leadership Series RFF Live Webinars Workshops Publications All Publications Books Data Tools Explainers Issue Briefs Journal Articles Reports Testimony and Public Comments Working Papers About About Us People Donate Our Supporters Ways of Giving Careers Subscribe Newsroom Contact Resources Magazine Resources Magazine Resources Radio Common Resources Subscribe Search © 2024 Resources for the Future Privacy Policy Site by Torchbox Back to top We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out more.