Electronic Frontier Foundation | Defending your rights in the digital world Skip to main content AboutContact Press People Opportunities IssuesFree Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Our WorkDeeplinks Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers Podcast Annual Reports Take ActionAction Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer ToolsPrivacy Badger Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Atlas of Surveillance Cover Your Tracks Crocodile Hunter DonateDonate to EFF Giving Societies Shop Other Ways to Give Membership FAQ DonateDonate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search Email updates on news, actions, and events in your area. Join EFF Lists Copyright (CC BY) Trademark Privacy Policy Thanks Electronic Frontier Foundation Donate Podcast Episode: Open Source Beats Authoritarianism Electronic Frontier Foundation AboutContact Press People Opportunities IssuesFree Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Our WorkDeeplinks Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers Podcast Annual Reports Take ActionAction Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer ToolsPrivacy Badger Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Atlas of Surveillance Cover Your Tracks Crocodile Hunter DonateDonate to EFF Giving Societies Shop Other Ways to Give Membership FAQ DonateDonate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search The leading nonprofit defendingdigital privacy, free speech, and innovation.Donate The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. FEATURED UPDATE Voting No on Prop E Is Easy and Important for San Francisco As San Francisco residents, we must stand up for ourselves and our city and vote No on Prop E. Voting No on Prop E is not only an easy choice, but also a necessary one. It is a choice that reflects our values and vision for San Francisco. It is a choice that shows that we will not let a million-dollar campaign of fear drive us to sacrifice our rights. FEATURED UPDATE Celebrating 15 Years of Surveillance Self-Defense On March 3rd, 2009, we launched Surveillance Self-Defense (SSD). At the time, we pitched it as, "an online how-to guide for protecting your private data against government spying." In the last decade hundreds of people have contributed to SSD, over 20 million people have read it, and the content has nearly doubled in length from 40,000 words to almost 80,000. SSD has served as inspiration for many other guides focused on keeping specific populations safe, and those guides have in... FEATURED UPDATE NSA Spying Shirts Are Back Just In Time to Tell Congress to Reform Section 702 We’ve been challenging the National Security Agency's mass surveillance of ordinary people since we first became aware of it nearly twenty years ago. Now, Section 702 is back up for a major renewal since it was last approved in 2018, and we need to pull out all the stops to make sure it is not renewed without massive reforms and increased transparency and oversight. Discover more. Join our email list for EFF news, events, campaigns, and ways to support digital freedom. Email Address Postal Code (optional) Anti-spam question: Enter the three-letter abbreviation for Electronic Frontier Foundation: Don't fill out this field (required) Thanks, you're awesome! Please check your email for a confirmation link. Oops something is broken right now, please try again later. Banner Graphic: Resource Surveillance Self-Defense Description: Surveillance Self-Defense is EFF's online guide to defending yourself and your friends from surveillance by using secure technology and developing careful practices. Issues Reproductive Justice ترتبط العدالة الإنتاجية والوصول الآمن للإجهاض، كالعديد من الجوانب الأخرى لإدارة رعايتنا الصحية، مرتبطة بشكل أساسي بحياتنا الرقمية. مع قرار دوبز ڤي جاكسون بإلغاء الحماية التي وفرها روي ڤي وايد للأشخاص الذين يسعون للحصول على الرعاية الصحية المتعلقة بالإجهاض، والتي كانت من المعلومات الحميدة قبلا، أصبحت اليوم دليلًا جنائيًا محتملًا. هذا التهديد الموسع للحقوق الرقمية خطير بشكل خاص على الأشخاص السود، السكان الأصليون/ات وذوي البشرة الملونة، وذوي الدخل المنخفض، والمهاجرين/ات، وأفراد مجتمع الميم – عين وغيرهم من المجتمعات المهمشة تقليديًا، ومقدمي الرعاية الصحية الذين يخدمون هذه المجتمعات.في هذه الصفحة، قمنا بتجميع أدلة خصوصية البيانات لأي شخص من المحتمل أن يتأثر: أولئك الذين يسعون للحصول على الرعاية الصحية والعيادات والمهنيين/ات الصحيين/ات المتعلقة بالإجهاض، وكذلك أولئك المشاركين/ات في حركات مناصرة الوصول إلى الإجهاض الآمن. ترتبط هذه الصفحة أيضًا بمساعي وتوصيات منظمة الجبهة الالكترونية إلى الهيئات التشريعية والشركات من أجل حماية أفضل للحقوق الرقمية للأشخاص الذين يحتاجون ويقدمون الرعاية الصحية الإنجابية.شاهد هذا الفيديو القصير حول الأمن الرقمي لحركة الوصول الآمن للإجهاض: Banner Graphic: Browser Add-on Privacy Badger Description: Privacy Badger is an install-and-forget browser add-on that stops advertisers and trackers from secretly tracking where you go and what pages you look at on the web. The Latest Deeplinks Blog by Nathan Sheard | March 4, 2024 Voting No on Prop E Is Easy and Important for San Francisco As San Francisco residents, we must stand up for ourselves and our city and vote No on Prop E. Voting No on Prop E is not only an easy choice, but also a necessary one. It is a choice that reflects our values and vision for San Francisco. It is... Deeplinks Blog by Thorin Klosowski | March 4, 2024 Celebrating 15 Years of Surveillance Self-Defense On March 3rd, 2009, we launched Surveillance Self-Defense (SSD). At the time, we pitched it as, "an online how-to guide for protecting your private data against government spying." In the last decade hundreds of people have contributed to SSD, over 20 million people have read it, and the... Deeplinks Blog by Christian Romero | March 4, 2024 Privacy Isn't Dead. Far From It. | EFFector 36.3 As we continue the journey of fighting for digital freedoms, it can be hard to keep up on the latest happenings. Thankfully, EFF has a guide to keep you in the loop! EFFector 36.3 is out now and covers the latest news, including recent changes to the Kids Online Safety... Deeplinks Blog by Dave Maass | March 4, 2024 A Virtual Reality Tour of Surveillance Tech at the Border: A Conversation with Dave Maass of the Electronic Frontier Foundation "When I found out that Dave Maass of the Electronic Frontier Foundation gave virtual reality tours of surveillance technology along the U.S.–Mexico border, I had to make it happen." This interview is crossposted from The Markup, a nonprofit news organization that investigates technology and its impact on society. Deeplinks Blog by Paige Collings | February 29, 2024 Ghana's President Must Refuse to Sign the Anti-LGBTQ+ Bill After three years of political discussions, MPs in Ghana's Parliament voted to pass the country’s draconian Promotion of Proper Human Sexual Rights and Ghanaian Family Values Bill on February 28th. The bill now heads to Ghana’s President Nana Akufo-Addo to be signed into law. President Nana Akufo-Addo must... Deeplinks Blog by Matthew Guariglia | February 29, 2024 We Flew a Plane Over San Francisco to Fight Proposition E. Here's Why. Proposition E, which San Franciscans will be asked to vote on in the March 5 election, is so dangerous that last weekend we chartered a plane to inform our neighbors about what the ballot measure does and urge them to vote NO on it. If you were in Dolores Park... Deeplinks Blog by Adam Schwartz | February 27, 2024 Sen. Wyden Exposes Data Brokers Selling Location Data to Anti-Abortion Groups That Target Abortion Seekers This post was written by Jack Beck, an EFF legal internIn a recent letter to the FTC and SEC, Sen. Ron Wyden (OR) details new information on data broker Near, which sold the location data of people seeking reproductive healthcare to anti-abortion groups. Near enabled these groups to send... Deeplinks Blog by Saira Hussain, Sophia Cope | February 27, 2024 EFF to D.C. Circuit: The U.S. Government’s Forced Disclosure of Visa Applicants’ Social Media Identifiers Harms Free Speech and Privacy Special thanks to legal intern Alissa Johnson, who was the lead author of this post.EFF recently filed an amicus brief in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit urging the court to reverse a lower court decision upholding a State Department rule that forces visa applicants to... Deeplinks Blog by Josh Richman | February 27, 2024 Podcast Episode: Open Source Beats Authoritarianism What if we thought about democracy as a kind of open-source social technology, in which everyone can see the how and why of policy making, and everyone’s concerns and preferences are elicited in a way that respects each person’s community, dignity, and importance? ... Deeplinks Blog by Andrew Crocker | February 26, 2024 EFF Statement on Nevada's Attack on End-to-End Encryption EFF learned last week that the state of Nevada is seeking an emergency order prohibiting Meta from rolling out end-to-end encryption in Facebook Messenger for all users in the state under the age of 18. The motion for a temporary restraining order is part of a lawsuit... More Updates Back to top Follow EFF: x facebook instagram youtube flicker linkedin mastodon tiktok threads Check out our 4-star rating on Charity Navigator. Contact General Legal Security Membership Press About Calendar Volunteer Victories History Internships Jobs Staff Diversity & Inclusion Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity & Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers EFFector Newsletter Press Press Contact Donate Join or Renew Membership Online One-Time Donation Online Giving Societies Shop Other Ways to Give Copyright (CC BY) Trademark Privacy Policy Thanks JavaScript license information