Whonix - Superior Internet Privacy Want to help us grow? Whonix - Superior Internet Privacy From Whonix Jump to navigation Jump to search Whonix ® Download Windows Linux Mac VirtualBox KVM Qubes USB ISO (coming soon) More options Source Code About Overview Features Whonix vs VPNs Why Open Source? Project Activities Contributors Mission & Vision Docs Documentation FAQ Troubleshooting Community Forums Contribute Support Free Plus Premium Contact Tools Upload file Special pages Recent changes Print Version Page meta What links here Related changes Page information Page Read Edit History Move Protection Unwatch Watch Delete Purge User Preferences Watchlist Contributions Logout Create account Login Donate Superior Internet Privacy with Whonix As handy as an app - delivering maximum anonymity and security. Download Now Your browser does not support the video tag. Learn What Is Whonix? Whonix gives your desktop Maximum privacy and anonymity on the Internet More reliability and security than any other tool on the market! Download, Install, Run - 100% FREE Whonix runs like an app inside your operating system - keeping you safe and anonymous. Whonix is available for Windows Linux MacOS Qubes KVM On USB ISO Is Whonix safer than VPNs? Whonix VPNs Hidden IP address (basic) Your IP address acts as a global unique identifier which is linked to your real identity. Any website or server you are connecting to knows your IP address. Most Internet Service Providers (ISPs) keep a log of IP addresses assigned to you and when you used them. The IP address reveals your approximate physical location to any destination you connect to. Hidden Identity Even if your IP is hidden trackers can use "Fingerprinting" techniques to identify you. Hiding your identity is harder than just hiding your IP! Whonix protects from browser fingerprinting, and website traffic fingerprinting. No Logging Whonix cannot log user IP addresses or activity. This is due to a fundamental architecture design decision to keep maximum user privacy. Most VPNs have a policy of not storing any user data. But if they were forced to do so they could start storing user data easily. Leak Shield Even if a connection is tunneled it can be hijacked inside the browser. One leaky connection already compromises the user's anonymity. Whonix has a watertight leak shield. Some VPN providers also have a fail-closed mechanism however the quality varies very much and fails against malware. Server Relays avg. The servers used for tunneling MUST NOT know the user. This is only possible if there are multiple and independent servers as relays on a strict need-to-know basis and onion-layered encryption. Some VPN providers provide double VPN but it’s still the same provider and lacks distributed trust by design. 4 1 Virus / Malware Protection A malware (virus) free system is crucial because a lot malware is stealing the user's data and identity. Whonix is based on Kicksecure, a hardened, well documented Linux so the user is already safer. Some VPN subscriptions contain anti-malware scanners but their capability is limited . A better approach is to prevent any malware from entering the system through security hardening and knowledge. Compare more features ▼ ... ... Keyboard Typing Cloak Trackers can identify their targets by their keyboard typing style. Whonix prevents this kind of attack. Timestamp Attack Protection Trackers can identify their targets by minimal divergence from the standard time in the network requests called time attacks. Whonix prevents this kind of attack. App Stream Isolation In Whonix distinct pre-installed applications are routed through different network paths for maximum security. Open Source / Freedom Whonix has a full dedication to Open Source and Freedom Software. Only some VPNs have open source elements and even less are fully Open Source. Pricing FREE orDonation $5 - $20per month DownloadWhonix now! Learn More: Whonix versus VPNs Trusted by Security Experts For the even more paranoid, there is a lesser-known Tor-enabled OS called Whonix I use Qubes and a Whonix gateway literally everyday Whonix adds a layer of anonymity to your business tasks. Whonix is about as anonymous as an OS can get before it all becomes too inconvenient for normal use. All of our staff are aware, for anything privacy critical, Whonix is our go-to solution. Anybody who takes privacy serious should have a Whonix VM at least. Whonix, an operating system you can run in a virtual machine to maximize your online anonymity; it’s ideal for maintaining a secret identity. See even more positive reviews → Das linux-basierte Betriebssystem Whonix setzt von Anfang an auf Sicherheit. Whonix protects user anonymity by routing internet connections through Tor’s network. Tarnkappe - Mit Whonix anonym im Internet surfen Viele Webseiten verfolgen ihre Besucher mit ausgeklügelten Trackingmechanismen. Whonix macht Schluss damit, ohne dass man Browser-Einstellungen ändern muss. The Internet was not designed with anonymity in mind, but things have changed. Anonymity has become a necessary and legitimate objective in many applications. This split design allows the user to remain completely anonymous and mitigates the risk of DNS leaks, which reveal private information such as your web browsing history. Watertight Privacy Architecture Whonix handles all your activity in a virtual machine and forces all Internet traffic through the Tor network to provide the strongest protection of your IP address. Fully Featured with Advanced Security Components Elite Spy Defense Hiding your identity is harder than just hiding your IP. Whonix provides a full spectrum anti-tracking protection. Maximum Anonymity Whonix provides maximum anonymity by design by utilizing the best privacy technologies and research. 12 Years of Success For over 12 years we have successfully protected our users from everyday trackers and even from high level attacks. And we're just getting started! Cyber Security Best Practices You can't be anonymous without being secure. Security hardened operating system Kicksecure is the core of Whonix. Bulletproof IP protection Whonix has powerful protection measures against trackers, malware and many more attack vectors to get your IP address. Cloaking your typing style Your typing behavior can be used to identify you. Whonix prevents this with a cloak for your keystrokes. 22 more amazing features → Time Attack Protection Sophisticated attackers can identify you by the milliseconds that your system clock deviates from standard time. Whonix prevents this. Not even WE know Whonix has a strong organisational separation which means: Even we do not have access to IP connection logs! The Everything Tor OS All traffic is routed through the Tor anonymity network. No exceptions. Whonix is the "All Tor Operating System". Virtualizer friendly Since Whonix runs in a virtualizer it provides an abstraction layer from the host operating system. This hides hardware serial numbers and prevents host file leaks. Anonymous Web Server Anonymously hosting a web server such as nginx is extremely difficult. With Whonix it's possible to host an IP hidden server, even for clearnet access! Tor Browser Tor Browser is optimized for anonymity, provides protection from browser fingerprinting. And millions of daily users help you blend in with the crowd. Anonymity loves company. Kernel Self Protection Settings Whonix uses strong Kernel Hardening Settings as recommended by the Kernel Self Protection Project (KSPP). Live Mode Whonix offers a much requested Live Mode. After the session all data will be gone. Based on Linux Linux is highly reliable, secure, free and open source. That's why Whonix is based on Kicksecure which is based on Linux. Onion Website Option Our website offers an alternative onion version. This offers a higher connection security between the user and the server. Advanced Firewall Our Firewall is configured specifically for anonymously and securely using the Internet. Virus Protection Whonix provides additional security hardening measures and user education for better protection from virus attacks. Brute Force Defense Whonix protects Linux user accounts against brute force attacks by using pam tally2. Risk Minimization AppArmor profiles restrict the capabilities of commonly used, high-risk applications. Stream Isolation Distinct applications are isolated and routed through different paths in the network. Discovery / Traffic Analysis Attack Protection Whonix provides vanguards against guard discovery and related traffic analysis attacks. Strong Linux User Account Separation Linux User Account Separation is not always a given on Linux systems. In Whonix it is. Strong Anonymity, privacy and security settings Well researched and tested privacy and security settings improve your anonymity against known attacks. Extensive Documentation The more you know, the safer you can be: Extensive Whonix Documentation Vibrant Community Our vibrant Whonix community features Forums, Contributors and RSS. Console Lockdown Legacy login methods can be a security risk. Console Lockdown disables them for improved security hardening. Swap File Creator Running low on RAM isn't a security problem with swap-file-creator. It will create an encrypted swap file. Entropy Enhancements Better encryption thanks to preinstalled random number generators. CPU Information Leak Protection (TCP ISN) Prevent de-anonymization of Tor onion services via utilization of the Tirdad kernel module for random ISN generation. Hosting Location Hidden Servers Whonix is the safest way to Host Location Hidden Services / Onion Services. Tor Connection Destination Viewer (tor-ctrl-observer) tor-ctrl-observer shows connection information of applications using Tor. Warrant Canary A canary confirms that no warrants have ever been served on the Whonix project. Based on Debian Whonix is based on Debian, one of the most reliable Linux distributions. Digitally signed releases Downloads are signed so genuine Whonix releases can be verified. SUID Disabler and Permission Hardener SUID Disabler and Permission Hardener enhances system security by strengthening the isolation of Linux user accounts and more. Applications that are reviewed and pre-configured in Whonix Tor Browser OnionShare Thunderbird KeePassXC VLC Terminal Electrum Bitcoin Monero Freedom Values Open Source We respect user rights to review, scrutinize, modify, and redistribute Whonix. This improves security and privacy for everyone. Freedom Software Whonix is Freedom Software and contains software developed by the Free Software Foundation and the GNU Project. Research and Implementation Project Whonix is an actively maintained research project making constant improvements; no shortcomings are ever hidden from users. Fully Auditable Whonix is independently verifiable by security experts and software developers around the world. This improves security and privacy for everyone. Complete respect for privacy and user freedom Whonix respects data privacy principles. We don’t make advertising deals or collect sensitive personal data. Upcoming Security Enhancements sandbox-app-launcher is an application launcher that can start each application inside its own restrictive sandbox. Each application runs as its own user, in a bubblewrap sandbox and confined by AppArmor. 8 more Enhancements → Full system Mandatory Access Control (MAC) policy - "AppArmor for everything" Untrusted Root User Deactivate malware after reboot from non-root compromise Hardened Linux Kernel Post-quantum cryptography resistant signing of releases Mount Options Hardening Multiple boot modes for better security (user, live, secureadmin and superadmin) Investors Interested in becoming an investor? See Project Metrics and contact details. Join the team! Your help is very welcome! As a patron, as a multiplier or even as a contributor! Your IP gives away your identity. Cloaking your IP address is difficult because the Internet is not designed for privacy. Whonix solves this problem by forcing all connections through multiple anonymity servers with its Dual-VM Architecture . DNS leaks are impossible with Whonix. And even malware with root privileges cannot discover the user's real IP address. Whonix was thoroughly leak tested through corridor (Tor traffic whitelisting gateway) and other leak tests. Internet tracking companies don't even need to know your IP address to be able to identify you. They use so-called Browser Fingerprinting which can track you even better than an IP address. Even your personal typing style or your individual computer time can give away your identity. Every website has a unique fingerprint so your Internet history is not even safe with a VPN. Booting into VM Live Mode is as simple as choosing Live Mode in the boot menu. Alternatively Debian, Kicksecure and perhaps other Debian-based hosts can boot their existing host operating system into Host Live Mode. Linux is highly reliable and secure. Its open source and freedom paradigm sets it apart from other OS. That's why Whonix is based on Kicksecure which is based on Linux. Our website offers an alternative onion version which offers a higher connection security between the user and the server. This is because connections over onions are providing an alternative end-to-end encryption which is independent from flawed TLS certificate authorities and the mainstream Domain Name System (DNS). Whonix utilizes Tor, the best anonymity network, which provides an open and distributed relay network to defend against network surveillance. Multiple server hops. Privacy by design. Need to know architecture. Onion-layered encryption. Unlike Virtual Private Networks (VPN), Tor provides anonymity by design and removes trust from the equation. Decades of research by the security community lead to many best practices. Whonix is based on Kicksecure which is a security-hardened Linux distribution that implements the consensus of these reasonable security measures. Whonix ™ is based on Kicksecure ™ which is a security-hardened Linux distribution. Our Firewall is configured specifically for anonymously and securely using the Internet. It is configured for anonymous Tor use. Your typing style can be used to track you. To prevent this, Whonix comes with kloak (a keystroke anonymizer) installed by default Whonix provides additional security hardening measures and user education to provide better protection from viruses. Whonix protects Linux user accounts against brute force attacks by using pam tally2. AppArmor profiles restrict the capabilities of commonly used, high-risk applications such as Tor Browser. Distinct applications are routed through different paths in the Tor network. This is called Stream Isolation. Time attacks on Whonix users are defeated by Boot Clock Randomization and secure network time synchronization through sdwdate (Secure Distributed Web Date). Not even WE know. Whonix has a strong organisational separation which means: Even we do not have access to IP connection logs! The Everything Tor OS. All internet traffic is routed through the Tor anonymity network. No exceptions. Whonix is the "All Tor Operating System". Virtualizer Friendly. Since Whonix runs in a virtualizer it provides an abstraction layer from the host operating system. This hides hardware serial numbers and prevents host file leaks. Anonymously hosting a web server such as nginx (or any other type) is extremely difficult. Location / IP hidden servers are usually hosted using Tor onion services. The disadvantage is, that these are only reachable for users of Tor (such as Tor Browser or Whonix users). With Whonix, it's possible to host a location / IP hidden server service while it's reachable over clearnet . A very little known, but very unique and powerful feature. Whonix provides vanguards against guard discovery and related traffic analysis attacks. Learn more about our Linux User Account Separation security-misc . Learn more about our anonymity, privacy and security settings pre-configuration anon-apps-config . The more you know, the safer you can be: Extensive Whonix Documentation Our vibrant Whonix community features Forums, Contributors and RSS Console Lockdown disables legacy login methods and thereby improves security hardening. Tor Browser is optimized for anonymity and millions of daily users help you blend in with the crowd. Tor Browser provides protection from browser fingerprinting. Tor Browser is the only serious and actively developed browser designed and recommended for anonymity. The browser is fully featured because it is based on the modern and popular Mozilla Firefox browser, Visit any destination including modern websites such as YouTube. Running low on RAM isn't a security problem. swap-file-creator will create an encrypted swap file. Better encryption thanks to preinstalled random number generators. Prevent de-anonymization of Tor onion services via utilization of the Tirdad kernel module for random ISN generation . Whonix is the safest way to Host Location Hidden Services / Onion Services . tor-ctrl-observer shows connection information of applications using Tor. A canary confirms that no warrants have ever been served on the Whonix project. In oversimplified terms, Whonix is just a collection of configuration files and scripts. Whonix is not a stripped down version of Debian; anything possible in "vanilla" Debian GNU/Linux can be replicated in Whonix. About Whonix Downloads are signed so genuine Whonix releases can be verified. Whonix has over 12 years of success. We have successfully protected our users from everyday trackers and even from high level attacks . With the next decade in mind, we are constantly improving Whonix' privacy and security. All the Whonix source code is licensed under OSI Approved Licenses. We respect user rights to review, scrutinize, modify, and redistribute Whonix. This improves security and privacy for everyone. Whonix is Freedom Software and contains software developed by the Free Software Foundation and the GNU Project. Research and Implementation Project: Whonix makes modest claims and is wary of overconfidence. Whonix is an actively maintained research project making constant improvements; no shortcomings are ever hidden from users. Whonix is independently verifiable by security experts and software developers around the world; you don’t have to trust developer claims. This improves security and privacy for everyone. Whonix respects data privacy principles. We don’t make advertising deals or collect sensitive personal data. There are no artificial restrictions imposed on possible system configurations . The purpose of SUID Disabler and Permission Hardener is to enhance system security. It does this by strengthening the isolation of Linux user accounts, implementing stricter file permission settings, and decreasing potential security vulnerabilities by turning off SUID-enabled binaries. Whonix The most watertight privacy operating system in the world. Dark mode Follow us on social media FREE · PLUS · PREMIUM Support At Whonix we value freedom and trust, supporting Open Source and Freedom Software By using this website, you acknowledge you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these these agreements: Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, E-Sign Consent, DMCA, Imprint 2012-2024 ENCRYPTED SUPPORT LP Your support makesall the difference! We believe security software like Whonix needs to remain open source and independent. Would you help sustain and grow the project? Learn more about our 12 year success story and maybe DONATE! Retrieved from "https://www.whonix.org/w/index.php?title=Homepage&oldid=98764" By using our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Terms of Service, and E-Sign Consent.More informationOK Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in Namespaces Page English Views ReadEditView history More Search Menu downloadDocsNewsHelp us Tools What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information By using this website, you acknowledge you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these these agreements: Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy E-Sign Consent DMCA Imprint Dark mode