Home page | Genome Biology Skip to main content Advertisement Search Explore journals Get published About BMC My account Search all BMC articles Search Genome Biology Home About Articles Submission Guidelines Search Submit manuscript Featured article: Precise fine-turning of GhTFL1 by base editing tools defines ideal cotton plant architecture Featured article: The androgen receptor interacts with GATA3 to transcriptionally regulate a luminal epithelial cell phenotype in breast cancer Call for papers: We are pleased to launch our new article collection aiming to improve our understanding of chromatin and epigenomics in regulating development and disease. Call for papers: Genome Biology is calling for submissions to an article collection highlighting advances in ancient DNA sequencing and analysis. Articles Recent Most accessed Early-life ruminal microbiome-derived indole-3-carboxaldehyde and prostaglandin D2 are effective promoters of rumen development Authors: Daming Sun, Gaorui Bian, Kai Zhang, Ning Liu, Yuyang Yin, Yuanlong Hou, Fei Xie, Weiyun Zhu, Shengyong Mao and Junhua Liu Content type: Research 4 March 2024 Three near-complete genome assemblies reveal substantial centromere dynamics from diploid to tetraploid in Brachypodium genus Authors: Chuanye Chen, Siying Wu, Yishuang Sun, Jingwei Zhou, Yiqian Chen, Jing Zhang, James A. Birchler, Fangpu Han, Ning Yang and Handong Su Content type: Research 4 March 2024 scAbsolute: measuring single-cell ploidy and replication status Authors: Michael P. Schneider, Amy E. Cullen, Justina Pangonyte, Jason Skelton, Harvey Major, Elke Van Oudenhove, Maria J. Garcia, Blas Chaves Urbano, Anna M. Piskorz, James D. Brenton, Geoff Macintyre and Florian Markowetz Content type: Method 4 March 2024 Genomic insight into the origin, domestication, dispersal, diversification and human selection of Tartary buckwheat Authors: Yuqi He, Kaixuan Zhang, Yaliang Shi, Hao Lin, Xu Huang, Xiang Lu, Zhirong Wang, Wei Li, Xibo Feng, Taoxiong Shi, Qingfu Chen, Junzhen Wang, Yu Tang, Mark A. Chapman, Mateja Germ, Zlata Luthar… Content type: Research 27 February 2024 HiHo-AID2: boosting homozygous knock-in efficiency enables robust generation of human auxin-inducible degron cells Authors: Shiqian Li, Yafei Wang, Miesje van der Stoel, Xin Zhou, Shrinidhi Madhusudan, Kristiina Kanerva, Van Dien Nguyen, Nazli Eskici, Vesa M. Olkkonen, You Zhou, Taneli Raivio and Elina Ikonen Content type: Method 26 February 2024 Most recent articles RSS View all articles A survey of best practices for RNA-seq data analysis Authors: Ana Conesa, Pedro Madrigal, Sonia Tarazona, David Gomez-Cabrero, Alejandra Cervera, Andrew McPherson, Michał Wojciech Szcześniak, Daniel J. Gaffney, Laura L. Elo, Xuegong Zhang and Ali Mortazavi Content type: Review 26 January 2016 The Erratum to this article has been published in Genome Biology 2016 17:181 The Kardashian index: a measure of discrepant social media profile for scientists Authors: Neil Hall Content type: Comment 30 July 2014 Moderated estimation of fold change and dispersion for RNA-seq data with DESeq2 Authors: Michael I Love, Wolfgang Huber and Simon Anders Content type: METHOD 5 December 2014 Differential expression analysis for sequence count data Authors: Simon Anders and Wolfgang Huber Content type: Method 27 October 2010 Most accessed articles RSS View all articles Latest articles from Genome Medicine Untargeted metabolomic profiling reveals molecular signatures associated with type 2 diabetes in Nigerians 05 March 2024 Long-term beneficial effect of faecal microbiota transplantation on colonisation of multidrug-resistant bacteria and resistome abundance in patients with recurrent Clostridioides difficile infection 28 February 2024 Deciphering cancer cell state plasticity with single-cell genomics and artificial intelligence 26 February 2024 Focus: Fertility Read the latest papers on fertility across BMC flagship journals.Cisplatin and carboplatin result in similar gonadotoxicity in immature human testis with implications for fertility preservation in childhood cancerMelissa D. Tharmalingam et al. Published in BMC Medicine 04 December 2020Large-scale discovery of male reproductive tract-specific genes through analysis of RNA-seq datasetsMatthew Robertson et al.Published in BMC Biology 19 August 2020DNA methylation and body mass index from birth to adolescence: meta-analyses of epigenome-wide association studiesFlorianne Vehmeijer​​​​​​​ et al. Published in Genome Medicine 25 November 2020The Tug1 lncRNA locus is essential for male fertilityJordan Lewandowski​​​​​​​ et al. Published in Genome Biology 07 September 2020 Reviews, Research highlights and commentaries Read authoritative Reviews, thought-provoking Opinions and other content commissioned by the Genome Biology Editors from leading researchers:ReviewsResearch highlightsCommentaries (including Editorials, Comments, Opinions, Q&As and Meeting reports) Latest article collections Article CollectionTowards an atlas of variant effectsSpecial IssueInterpretable Deep LearningSpecial IssuePlant RNA BiologyArticle CollectionSEQC2 ArticlesSpecial IssueLong Read SequencingArticle CollectionClimate Change GenomicsSee all article collections here. Latest Tweets View Twitter timeline Your browser needs to have JavaScript enabled to view this timeline From the blog Exploring the history of smallpox vaccination with 19th Century American vaccination kits 16 November 2020 Transposon Day Quiz 2020 16 June 2020 DNA Day quiz 2020 24 April 2020 Reviewer Acknowledgements 2020 The Editors and staff of Genome Biology would like to warmly thank the Reviewers whose comments helped to shape the journal, for their invaluable assistance with review of manuscripts in 2020. How was your experience today? Rating. A scale of 5 feelings conveyed using images that range from awful to great. The feelings represent how you feel about your experience today. Please select one rating An image of a cartoon face that is very unhappy. The value of this radio input is: Awful An image of a cartoon face with a frown. The value of this radio input is: Bad An image of a cartoon face with a neutral expression. The value of this radio input is: OK An image of a cartoon face with a smile. The value of this radio input is: Good An image of a cartoon face with an open mouth grin. The value of this radio input is: Great Send feedback Thank you for your feedback. Tell us why (opens in a new tab) Advertisement Editorial Board Editorial Team Join our editorial board Sign up for article alerts and news from this journal Manuscript editing services Contact us Annual Journal Metrics 2022 Citation Impact 12.3 - 2-year Impact Factor 17.4 - 5-year Impact Factor 3.476 - SNIP (Source Normalized Impact per Paper) 9.249 - SJR (SCImago Journal Rank)2022 Speed 25 days submission to first editorial decision for all manuscripts (Median) 218 days submission to accept (Median)2022 Usage 6,405,972 downloads 78,992 Altmetric mentions More about our metrics Peer Review Taxonomy This journal is participating in a pilot of NISO/STM's Working Group on Peer Review Taxonomy, to identify and standardize definitions and terminology in peer review practices in order to make the peer review process for articles and journals more transparent. Further information on the pilot is available here.The following summary describes the peer review process for this journal: Identity transparency: Single anonymized Reviewer interacts with: Editor Review information published: Review reports. Reviewer Identities reviewer opt in. Author/reviewer communicationWe welcome your feedback on this Peer Review Taxonomy Pilot. Please can you take the time to complete this short survey. Advertisement Genome Biology ISSN: 1474-760X Contact us Submission enquiries: editorial@genomebiology.com General enquiries: info@biomedcentral.com Read more on our blogs Receive BMC newsletters Manage article alerts Language editing for authors Scientific editing for authors Policies Accessibility Press center Support and Contact Leave feedback Careers Follow BMC BMC Twitter page BMC Facebook page BMC Weibo page By using this website, you agree to our Terms and Conditions, Your US state privacy rights, Privacy statement and Cookies policy. Your privacy choices/Manage cookies we use in the preference centre. © 2024 BioMed Central Ltd unless otherwise stated. Part of Springer Nature.