Gardening Know How - Gardening Is Easy! Let us Show You How How To Make An Orchid Terrarium – Create A Beautiful Living Artwork Plant an elegant orchid terrarium with this simple step-by-step project that will make a showpiece for your indoor garden Gardening Know How Gardening Know How × Search Flowers & Foliage Flowers & Foliage Flowers & Foliage Flowers & Foliage Flowers Foliage Trees Shrubs Bulbs Cacti & Succulents Groundcover Fungus Vines Water plants Fruit & Vegetables Fruit & Vegetables Fruit & Vegetables Fruit & Vegetables Vegetables Fruits Grains Herbs Nut trees Houseplants Problems Problems Problems Problems Disease Pests Weeds Environmental Regional Gardening Regional Gardening Regional Gardening Regional Gardening Garden by Region Garden by Zone Planting Zones Sustainable Gardening Sustainable Gardening Sustainable Gardening Sustainable Gardening Organic Gardens Water-Wise Gardening How To How To How To How To Specialty Gardens Gardening Tips Garden Design Projects Lawn Care Composting Mulch Propagation Soil & Fertilizers Tools Garden Videos Garden Videos Garden Videos Garden Videos Workshops & Courses Videos Ornamental Videos Edible Videos Houseplant Videos More Learning Channel eBook and Short Courses Ideas & Inspiration About Us Advertise Subscribe Garden For Good Ask an Expert Just for Fun Sign up to our newsletter Newsletter TrendingHow to Remove GrassComplete Guide to Veggie GardeningTrees That Add ValueOrchid Roots It’s Official! This Classic Cottage Garden Favorite Is The 2024 Flower Of The Year The 2024 Flower of the Year is a long-time garden favorite. Here’s why you will see peonies everywhere this year–and why you should add one to your garden. The 6 Trees That Should Be In Every Yard – According To Experts 8 Things Rose Experts Always Do To Grow The Best Flowers 3 Clever Ways To Use Up Yard Trimmings And Clippings – For a Zero-Waste Garden 6 Plant-And-Forget Vegetables That Will Thrive Even When Neglected Meet the Experts Liz Baessler Senior Editor Geoffrey Johnson Content Contributor and Seed Starting Expert Teo Spengler Writer and Docent at the San Francisco Botanical Garden Bonnie L. Grant Writer and Certified Urban Agriculturist Andre Baptiste Content Contributor and Permaculture Expert Amy Draiss Digital Community Manager Laura Walters Content Editor Heather Andrews Content Contributor and Pollinator Garden Expert Gardening tips, videos, info and more delivered right to your inbox!Sign up for the Gardening Know How newsletter today and receive a free download of our most popular eBook "How to Grow Delicious Tomatoes."Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Gardening Know How How To Remove Grass For A Garden Using The Simple And Sustainable No-Till Method Kick grass to the curb! Turn your boring lawn into a beautiful garden with the easy and eco-friendly no-till method. Tips On Hollyhocks: Growing Hollyhocks Successfully Support Your Area's Pollinators By Using Keystone Plants Know Your Zone Find U.S. Growing Zones On The USDA Planting Zone Map What growing zone do you live in? Garden Videos 8 Best Plants For Under Trees To Transform A Shady Landscape Under The Canopy These plants for under trees will totally transform your shady landscape! Whether you want lush foliage, beautiful blooms, or easy-care ground cover, there’s a plant for every need. Growing Zinnias From Seed For Beginners How To Grow Prayer Plants & Prayer Plant Propagation Spring Hydrangea Care: 5 Tips for Happy Hydrangeas VIEW MORE Garden Guides The Secrets to Seed Starting The Ultimate Guide To Composting For Beginners Annuals, Perennials, Shrubs, Trees & More: Our Complete Guide To Growing Flowers Growing Hydrangeas - Hydrangea Care Guide Growing a Vegetable Garden Zone 9 Planting Guide: When To Plant Vegetables In Zone 9 Gardens Featured Courses Seed Starting Workshop with Geoffrey Johnson Join Geoffrey Johnson (Master Gardener and founder of Depend. On. Planet. Earth.) in learning the ins and outs of starting all your favorite plants from seed. Creating a Butterfly Garden with Heather Andrews Join The Thoughtful Gardener Heather Andrews as she shares tips and tricks to entice the "royalty" of the butterfly world into your garden. No-Waste Kitchen Gardening with Armen Adamjan Want to regrow kitchen scraps? Let Creative Explained's Armen Adamjan show you how to use things you'd normally throw away, like coffee grounds, and banana peels to feed your plants! Trending Bromeliad Care: How To Grow Bromeliad Plants Blooming African Baobab Trees: Information About Baobab Tree Flowers Propagating Spiderettes: Learn How To Root Spider Plant Babies Milk Jug Winter Sowing: How To Start Seeds In A Milk Jug Best Way to Use Hydrogen Peroxide For Plants Zone 8 Vegetable Gardening: When To Plant Vegetables In Zone 8 Free EBooks How to Grow Delicious Tomatoes Learn all the basics as well as some new tricks to grow the best tomatoes this season. Bring Your Garden Indoors: 13 DIY Projects for the Fall and Winter Fight those winter blues with 13 DIY projects crafted especially for you by Gardening Know How experts. Gardens for Good Community Gardening For Everyone Meet community gardeners across the U.S. and Canada making a huge difference in their communities. The Grow Garden at GIVE - 2022 Grant Recipient Common Ground Community Garden - 2022 Grant Recipient This Texas community garden has been getting people out of their apartments and into nature for 12 years. Ben Franklin Elementary School – 2022 Grant Recipient Useful links stay in touch About us Contact us Job Opportunities related Advertise Press Marketplace Subscribe Newsletter Gardening Know How About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Gardening Know How is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.