The Straits Times - Breaking News, Lifestyle & Multimedia News The Straits Times Toggle navigation The Straits Times The Straits Times Edition : International Singapore Main navigation Home Singapore Toggle Dropdown Jobs Housing Parenting & Education Politics Health Transport Courts & Crime Consumer Environment Community Asia Toggle Dropdown SE Asia East Asia South Asia Australia/NZ World Toggle Dropdown United States Europe Middle East Opinion Toggle Dropdown ST Editorial Cartoons Forum Life Toggle Dropdown Food Entertainment Style Travel Arts Motoring Home & Design Business Toggle Dropdown Economy Invest Banking Companies & Markets Property Tech Toggle Dropdown Tech News E-sports Reviews Sport Toggle Dropdown Football Schools Formula One Combat Sports Basketball Tennis Golf More Toggle Dropdown Opinion Life Business Tech Sport Videos Podcasts Multimedia LOG IN Subscribe E-paper Toggle navigation The Straits Times Toggle navigation LOG IN Subscribe Edition International Singapore ST Read & Win E-paper Main navigation Home Singapore Toggle Dropdown Jobs Housing Parenting & Education Politics Health Transport Courts & Crime Consumer Environment Community Asia Toggle Dropdown SE Asia East Asia South Asia Australia/NZ World Toggle Dropdown United States Europe Middle East Opinion Toggle Dropdown ST Editorial Cartoons Forum Life Toggle Dropdown Food Entertainment Style Travel Arts Motoring Home & Design Business Toggle Dropdown Economy Invest Banking Companies & Markets Property Tech Toggle Dropdown Tech News E-sports Reviews Sport Toggle Dropdown Football Schools Formula One Combat Sports Basketball Tennis Golf More Toggle Dropdown Opinion Life Business Tech Sport Videos Podcasts Multimedia SPH Websites news with benefits SPH Rewards STJobs STClassifieds SITES Berita Harian Hardwarezone Shin Min Daily News STOMP SGCarMart SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper Lianhe Zaobao Obits.sg Advertise with us International Home page Submitted by nadiahmn on Thu, 10/11/2018 - 06:51 Tuesday March 5 2024 1-HR PM2.5: 5-20 Thundery Showers Singapore 33°C/24°C ST Index 3,104.880 -17.330 Top Stories Singapore’s exclusive concert deal with Taylor Swift not ‘unfriendly’ to Asean neighbours: PM Lee Singapore’s exclusivity deal with Swift has been a point of contention among some regional lawmakers. China sets sight on around 5% growth in 2024 Xi squeezes State Council by scrapping premier’s annual meet-the-press Singapore retail sales up 1.3% in January, but if cars excluded, December decline extended Woman who became deaf overnight: ‘I could not hear my son call out to me’ Four rescued after Malaysian coast guard helicopter crashes South Korea begins licence suspension process against striking doctors Australia to create $1.75b fund to invest in South-east Asian projects The fund will focus on clean energy and infrastructure and provide loans, guarantees, equity and insurance. More headlines E-paper Facebook Instagram Youtube Podcasts Newsletters Singapore News S’pore does what is in its best interests, but neighbours in region see spillover effects: Alvin Tan Jail for man linked to purchase of 3 houses worth over $6m, bought on Chinese national’s behalf More vehicles, aggressive road culture behind spike in motorcycle fatalities, say experts Singapore retail sales up 1.3% in January, but if cars excluded, December decline extended Enhanced security for Swift’s concerts after ‘gatecrashing’ of VIP1 sections Singapore actor Lim Kay Siu, 68, gets second wind with Avatar: The Last Airbender The Singaporean actor stars in his most high-profile role yet in the live-action remake. $300 vouchers for all HDB households to buy energy- and water-saving products Iswaran allowed to extend Australia trip due to illness TuesdayMarch 5 2024 Read PDF Subscribe Videos More Asia News China sets sight on around 5% growth in 2024 Xi squeezes State Council by scrapping premier’s annual meet-the-press ‘No one can put a stranglehold on us,’ says Chinese official on global tech race Malaysian ringgit likely to stay weak for first half of 2024, but worst is over: Analysts MORE Discover ‘White elephants’: China-funded projects in Philippines languish in limbo The Week in Pictures: Aid airdropped in Gaza City, effigy in Bali How well do you know American pop star Taylor Swift? Can discarded oyster shells help shape a greener future for S’pore? Cartoons of the week: Nice Kacang and Save the Pangolin The Week in Pictures: Fire in Valencia, naked festival Weekly News Quiz: Ed Sheeran’s watch love, jet fuel levy, AI-generated videos Ready for take-off: Behind the scenes of the Singapore Airshow 2024 Cartoons of the week: Lovely AI and CNY saboteurs The Food Challenge: Can you eat healthy with only hawker food? More OPINION Vikram Khanna Vikram Khanna The WTO has kicked the can down the road. It needs to do better Tan Dawn Wei Tan Dawn Wei Xi squeezes State Council by scrapping premier’s annual meet-the-press Tan Poh Lin Raising kids shouldn’t be such a struggle. How society treats parents matters Karen Tee Domestic bliss and kids? I can never be a homemaker or a tai tai More Insight ‘White elephants’: China-funded projects in Philippines languish in limbo Singapore Budget cuts costs for businesses, keeps focus on long-term economic goals S’pore businesses, workers and families want help to defray costs, stay productive HK leaders say ‘days of fear’ are over, but ordinary folk beg to differ More PODCASTS Podcast: Next job disruptor, quantum? Will we cede jobs to quantum computing next? Podcast: Avoiding disputes in business - what can companies do? Podcast: Are carbon emissions from wars and militaries finally getting attention? Podcast: The $1 chip that keeps Taiwan’s tech devices in working order MORE Life Woman who became deaf overnight: ‘I could not hear my son call out to me’ Singapore actor Lim Kay Siu, 68, gets second wind with Avatar: The Last Airbender Enhanced security for Swift’s concerts after ‘gatecrashing’ of VIP1 sections TMI, Apple Watch: Why you don’t really need all that data from wearables MORE Invest Ex-lover took $8m from man after he had serious strokes The lover took advantage of his frail mental state and even got him to give up his $3m home. Woman took mentally impaired man to bank and pocketed $800k Can money buy you love? Putting up bounty to find dream spouse Can entrepreneurship be taught? Look at me, says Babson College’s millionaire president MORE Smart Parenting Through train: 2 integrated programmes that let students skip the O levels and go to a polytechnic Fun With Kids: Free workshops at Children’s Biodiversity Library, travel scrapbook Make family time all the more special with these ideas and activities. Minor Issues: When mum and dad don’t see eye to eye The key to resolving parental disagreements is to cultivate effective communication, say experts. MORE Photos Today in Pictures, March 5, 2024 MORE Most Popular Condo rental market shifts: Landlords hit by high supply of newly completed units Enhanced security for Swift’s concerts after ‘gatecrashing’ of VIP1 sections Rebecca Lim, JJ Lin spotted on Day 1 of Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour show Taylor Swift's Singapore links get deeper with 1960s yearbook photos Travel News: Air Japan launches direct Singapore-Tokyo flights, one-way fares from $156 Property tycoon accused of embezzling $16 billion in Vietnam’s biggest fraud case Ringgit gains as Malaysia steps up coordination to lift currency Singapore’s exclusive concert deal with Taylor Swift not ‘unfriendly’ to Asean neighbours: PM Lee Malaysian ringgit likely to stay weak for first half of 2024, but worst is over: Analysts South Korean politics: The bag, the bling and a tale of 2 first ladies BRANDED CONTENT The Straits Times Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play E-paper Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters RSS Feed Telegram Youtube TikTok Singapore Asia World Opinion Life Business Tech Sport Videos Podcasts Multimedia About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Need help? Reach us here. Advertise with us MCI (P) 066/10/2023. Published by SPH Media Limited, Co. Regn. No. 202120748H. Copyright © 2024 SPH Media Limited. All rights reserved. Back to the top