Promoting Animal Welfare & Pet Adoption | Best Friends Animal Society Skip to main content Tertiary Menu Who We Are Pet Care Locations Shop En Español Search Donations Menu Donate Monthly In Memory In Honor Header Menu No-Kill 2025 The Sanctuary Act for Animals Stories Adopt + Foster Ways to Give Which adorable photo should be the 2025 calendar cover? Cast Your Vote Become a Monthly Donor none Mission Banner With Best Friends, you are working to save the lives of cats and dogs all across America, giving pets second chances and happy homes. Image Stories of kindness and care toward animals From the power of photos to the magic of a good haircut, these animal lovers are making a difference for pets in need. Bring a smile to your face Best Friends Magazine Image All roads lead home Upcoming film 'Arthur the King' is inspiration to adopt a pet. Read more about the film Feature Image Rescuing animals, one flight at a time The SWATT program has been creating rescue-friendly skies through Southwest Airlines, helping thousands of animals go home. A great resource for homeless pets Best Friends Magazine Image Familiar ‘Fido’ faces at Best Friends Dogtown hosts dogs of all shapes and sizes, including purebred and “designer” dogs. Some of these faces may surprise you Best Friends Magazine Image Helping animal shelter staff handle disease outbreaks Best Friends’ national shelter medicine team guides animal welfare organizations through infectious disease outbreaks to save more lives. Animals' lives saved Feature Image Gov. Cox declares 2024 No-Kill Shelter Year in Utah A commitment on a government level to reach no-kill by year’s end Utah is so close to no-kill Julie Castle Blog We can make every shelter and community no-kill by 2025 In 2023, 380,000 dogs and cats were killed in our nation’s shelters. Help Save Them All Sanctuary Banner The heart of Best Friends is the Sanctuary, located in the majestic red-rocks of southern Utah. Come see the animals that inspire our work around the country. Come Visit Us Saving lives We ensure second chances to pets at our sanctuary and lifesaving centers, even as we expand programs nationwide that keep animals out of shelters in the first place. Saving lives Standing with shelters We work to save more lives faster by providing shelters and rescue groups with ways to collaborate and connect so they can increase the number of animals they can rehome in their communities. Standing with shelters Teaming Up We're right there with you as you make a better future for homeless cats and dogs, giving you the support you need to care for your pets and the pets and people in your community. Teaming up with you Who We Are We started over 35 years ago with a no-kill sanctuary in Utah. Today, we’re helping homeless pets in every corner of the country. » Image Working Together All across America, pets in shelters are connected with loving new families, increasing the national save rate from 70.7% in 2016 to 83% in 2023. » Image Our Impact Since 2016, shelters that have engaged with Best Friends have had a two times greater lifesaving improvement than unengaged shelters. » Image Be a Guardian Angel and save lives all year Become a Monthly Donor Act for Animals We’re saving more animals now than at any point in our history, but our work isn’t done until every dog and cat gets the chance to know care and companionship … in a safe and loving home. Image Is your community no-kill? See how you can help your local shelters save more animals with comprehensive, up-to-date shelter and rescue group data for your community. How's your community? Image Join the 2025 Action Team Help create big change for the pets and people in your community. Connect with a local team of advocates today. Get started Image Volunteer Whether at the Sanctuary, or a shelter in your community, make a real difference in the lives of homeless pets. Volunteer near you Image Get shopping Help save animals by purchasing items from the comfort of your home. Shop the Best Friends Store Image Find a pet Ready to bring home a new best friend? Adopt, foster or sponsor, and help a homeless pet find their forever home. Adopt, Foster or Sponsor - Adopt Dice Help animals all year round by making a monthly gift today. Give Monthly - Adopt a rabbit - Adopt Phantom - Meet Mousie - Get to know Snickers Choose a Sanctuary animal to sponsor. Your gift helps find a loving home, spay/neuter, and much more. Sponsor an Animal - Meet Bryce Thank you to the brands that love our pets, too: We will reach no-kill in this country by 2025.Best Friends, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, operates the nation’s largest sanctuary for homeless animals and provides adoption, spay/neuter, and educational programs. Save Them AllStay in touch with the animals via email updates, as they get second chances at happy homes. Email Address Leave this field blank Social Menu Best Friends Animal Society Facebook Page Best Friends Animal Society X Page Best Friends Animal Society Instagram Page Best Friends Animal Society Pinterest Page Best Friends Animal Society LinkedIn Page Best Friends Animal Society YouTube Channel Best Friends Animal Society TikTok Page Best Friends Animal Society Twitch Channel Best Friends Animal Society Discord Sections No-Kill 2025 The Sanctuary Act for Animals Stories Adopt + Foster Ways to Give Who We Are Pet Care Locations Shop En Español How You Can Help Adopt Donate Foster Learn with Best Friends Take Action Volunteer Work at Best Friends Programs Houston Los Angeles New York City Northwest Arkansas Salt Lake City Mobile Apps Best Friends Animal Sanctuary App Experience the magic of the Sanctuary during your visit to Kanab, Utah or from your couch. Other Best Friends Sites Best Friends Roadhouse and Mercantile Best Friends Store Network Partners Strut Your Mutt About Careers Internships For the Media FAQs Position Statements Financial Information In the Spotlight As seen on National Geographic’s DogTown and the CW's Dog Town USA. And the inspiration behind the critically acclaimed film, The Champions. We're proud to be one of the 2022 Top Workplaces, and honored to be recognized for our innovative work to take the entire country no-kill in 2025. Image Image Image Image Image Image Legal Menu Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2024 Best Friends Animal Society. All Rights Reserved.