Home Menu Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Click to search the website Close site map Programs Click to expand this navigation menu Research Economics Energy and Environment History of Science & Technology Matter-to-Life Sloan Digital Sky Survey Small-Scale Fundamental Physics Higher Education Click to expand this navigation menu Technology Better Software for Science Exploratory Grantmaking in Technology Click to expand this navigation menu Public Understanding Books Film New Media Radio Special Initiatives Television Theater Click to expand this navigation menu Completed Programs Anytime, Anyplace Learning Barcode of Life Biosecurity Census of Marine Life Chemistry of Indoor Environments Data & Computational Research Deep Carbon Observatory Encyclopedia of Life Industry Studies Information about Careers in Science and Technology Making Municipal Governments More Responsive Microbiology of the Built Environment Outsourcing Professional Science Master's Degree Scholarly Communication Synthetic Biology Universal Access to Knowledge Working Longer Workplace, Workforce, and Working Families New York City Program Impact Grants Apply Open Calls For Grantees Grants Database Sloan Research Fellowships About Apply FAQ For Current Fellows Fellows Database About Mission Commitment to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Alfred P. Sloan Jr. Trustees Staff Careers Documents Click to expand this navigation menu Press Room Press Releases Grantee News Logos Contact Us Home Close search Search Menu Click to search the website AJ Gubser, UC Berkeley NASA/CXC/Melissa Weiss / Click to see next story Click to see next story Sloan Research Fellowships 126 early-career scientists selected as 2024 Sloan Research Fellows Higher Education New Sloan-supported report finds Black scientists carry disproportionate student loan debt, among other disparities Small-Scale Fundamental Physics Together, Science Foundations Fund ‘Tabletop’ Physics That Could Transform Our Understanding of the Universe Sloan, Simons, Moore, and Templeton Foundations Announce 11 Funded Projects Totaling $30M Higher Education Ten U.S. Universities Selected to Advance Systemic Change in Doctoral STEM Education Sloan Digital Sky Survey Sloan Digital Sky Survey Astronomers Discover Remnants of a Massive Supernova in the Early Universe Stellar Explosion of "The Barbenheimer Star" Raises New Questions About How Big Supernovas Can Get About the Foundation We fund research and education in science, technology, engineering, mathematics and economics Founded in 1934 by industrialist Alfred P. Sloan Jr., the Foundation is a not-for-profit grantmaking institution that supports high quality, impartial scientific research; fosters a robust, diverse scientific workforce; strengthens public understanding and engagement with science; and promotes the health of the institutions of scientific endeavor. Read more Programs Our grantmaking is divided thematically across several broad subject areas related to science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and economics. Research Higher Education Technology Public Understanding New York City Program Completed Programs Sloan Research Fellowships These two-year fellowships honor outstanding early-career researchers in seven fields and have become one of the most prestigious and sought after awards available to young scholars. About Apply For Current Fellows For Past Fellows Grants Policies, forms, and other resources for grantees and grantseekers Apply What We Do Not Fund The Grant Application Process Grant Proposal Guidelines Grant Forms For Grantees Grants Database About Who we are, what we believe, and how we govern and fund our activities. Mission Who was Alfred P. Sloan? Trustees Staff Careers Documents Contact Recent News See All Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Announcing 2024 Sloan Research Fellowships Diverse Issues in Higher Education 10 U.S. Universities Selected to Advance Systemic Change in Doctoral STEM Education Sloan Digital Sky Survey The “Barbenheimer Star”: Evidence for Spectacular Nucleosynthesis in the Early Universe Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Ten U.S. Universities Selected to Advance Systemic Change in Doctoral STEM Education Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Together, Science Foundations Fund 'Tabletop' Physics That Could Transform Our Understanding of the Universe Physics Today Precision measurements bring the search for new physics to the table Home / AJ Gubser, UC Berkeley NASA/CXC/Melissa Weiss / Click to see next story Click to see next story Sloan Research Fellowships 126 early-career scientists selected as 2024 Sloan Research Fellows … Programs Click to expand this navigation menu Research Economics Energy and Environment History of Science & Technology Matter-to-Life Sloan Digital Sky Survey Small-Scale Fundamental Physics Higher Education Click to expand this navigation menu Technology Better Software for Science Exploratory Grantmaking in Technology Click to expand this navigation menu Public Understanding Books Film New Media Radio Special Initiatives Television Theater Click to expand this navigation menu Completed Programs Anytime, Anyplace Learning Barcode of Life Biosecurity Census of Marine Life Chemistry of Indoor Environments Data & Computational Research Deep Carbon Observatory Encyclopedia of Life Industry Studies Information about Careers in Science and Technology Making Municipal Governments More Responsive Microbiology of the Built Environment Outsourcing Professional Science Master's Degree Scholarly Communication Synthetic Biology Universal Access to Knowledge Working Longer Workplace, Workforce, and Working Families New York City Program Impact Grants Apply Open Calls For Grantees Grants Database Sloan Research Fellowships About Apply FAQ For Current Fellows Fellows Database About Mission Commitment to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Alfred P. Sloan Jr. Trustees Staff Careers Documents Click to expand this navigation menu Press Room Press Releases Grantee News Logos Contact Us Home Back Up Follow Us Facebook Medium Twitter © 2024 Alfred P. Sloan Foundation We use cookies to analyze our traffic. Please decide if you are willing to accept cookies from our website. Decline Accept ×