Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire & Highlands news | The Press & Journal Calendar An icon of a desk calendar. Cancel An icon of a circle with a diagonal line across. Caret An icon of a block arrow pointing to the right. Email An icon of a paper envelope. Facebook An icon of the Facebook "f" mark. Google An icon of the Google "G" mark. Linked In An icon of the Linked In "in" mark. Logout An icon representing logout. Profile An icon that resembles human head and shoulders. Telephone An icon of a traditional telephone receiver. Tick An icon of a tick mark. Is Public An icon of a human eye and eyelashes. Is Not Public An icon of a human eye and eyelashes with a diagonal line through it. Pause Icon A two-lined pause icon for stopping interactions. Quote Mark A opening quote mark. Quote Mark A closing quote mark. Arrow An icon of an arrow. Folder An icon of a paper folder. Breaking An icon of an exclamation mark on a circular background. Camera An icon of a digital camera. Caret An icon of a caret arrow. Clock An icon of a clock face. Close An icon of the an X shape. Close Icon An icon used to represent where to interact to collapse or dismiss a component Comment An icon of a speech bubble. Comments An icon of a speech bubble, denoting user comments. Comments An icon of a speech bubble, denoting user comments. Ellipsis An icon of 3 horizontal dots. Envelope An icon of a paper envelope. Facebook An icon of a facebook f logo. Camera An icon of a digital camera. Home An icon of a house. Instagram An icon of the Instagram logo. LinkedIn An icon of the LinkedIn logo. Magnifying Glass An icon of a magnifying glass. Search Icon A magnifying glass icon that is used to represent the function of searching. Menu An icon of 3 horizontal lines. Hamburger Menu Icon An icon used to represent a collapsed menu. Next An icon of an arrow pointing to the right. Notice An explanation mark centred inside a circle. Previous An icon of an arrow pointing to the left. Rating An icon of a star. Tag An icon of a tag. Twitter An icon of the Twitter logo. Video Camera An icon of a video camera shape. Speech Bubble Icon A icon displaying a speech bubble WhatsApp An icon of the WhatsApp logo. Information An icon of an information logo. Plus A mathematical 'plus' symbol. Duration An icon indicating Time. Success Tick An icon of a green tick. Success Tick Timeout An icon of a greyed out success tick. Loading Spinner An icon of a loading spinner. Facebook Messenger An icon of the facebook messenger app logo. Facebook An icon of a facebook f logo. Facebook Messenger An icon of the Twitter app logo. LinkedIn An icon of the LinkedIn logo. WhatsApp Messenger An icon of the Whatsapp messenger app logo. Email An icon of an mail envelope. Copy link A decentered black square over a white square. Skip Menu Skip to main content Skip to footer Menu Subscribe Log In Manage Account Press and Journal ePaper Evening Express ePaper Logout Search Go News Aberdeen & Aberdeenshire Moray Inverness Highlands & Islands Scotland UK World Crime & Courts Environment Transport Politics Scottish politics UK politics Sport Football Aberdeen FC Caley Thistle Ross County Peterhead FC Elgin City Cove Rangers FC Highland League Women’s Football Scottish Football English Football Youth Football Golf Rugby Shinty Tennis Other sports Lifestyle Food and Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Health & Wellbeing Homes & Gardens Property Travel Outdoors Pets Society Motors Entertainment Film & TV Theatre Music What’s On Business Local Scottish UK and abroad Farming Education Early Years Schools Higher Education Past Times Obituaries P&J Investigations Opinion Columnists P&J Views Letters About Us – 275 Years of The Press and Journal Puzzles Daily Puzzle Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Press and Journal ePaper P&J events Family Announcements Energy DC Thomson Shop Jobs Public Notices Send us a story Contact Us Search Go The Press and Journal Scottish News Website Of The Year The Press and Journal logo Subscribe Log In Manage Account Press and Journal ePaper Evening Express ePaper Logout Main NavigationNews Politics Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Business Education Past Times Obituaries P&J Investigations Opinion Puzzles Podcasts More Press and Journal Top block Amy Beck burst into tears as she was found guilty today. Image: Facebook Drug-dealing mum weeps as she is found guilty of causing baby son’s death Premium Content A jury unanimously convicted Amy Beck of exposing 13-week-old Olly-James to M-cat and MDMA, which entered his bloodstream and contributed to his tragic death. By David McPhee ‘Stoney says no!’: Residents and businesses rejoice at Orange Walk rejection Businesses were planning to close their doors in protest over the parade through the town. By Ross Hempseed Who is William Henry? The man behind controversial Stonehaven Orange Walk plans MSP Maggie Chapman has branded comments from the organiser of the now-blocked parade 'vile'. By Louise Glen Motorcyclist dies following A96 crash at Huntly The 43-year-old biker was pronounced dead at the scene. By Ross Hempseed Family and friends gather to say goodbye to ‘beautiful little girl’ Jessica Rennie The 10-year-old, who died after getting into difficulty at Northfield swimming pool, was laid to rest at Baldarroch Crematorium in Crathes today. By Chris Cromar Controversial plans for ‘excessive and inappropriate’ flats near Aberdeen’s Broad Hill REFUSED The unpopular proposal received 285 objections from furious residents. By Kirstie Topp, Local Democracy Reporter Budget latest Aberdeen & Aberdeenshire Aberdeen budget: Everything you need to know as schools, roads, theatres and street sweepers face cuts February 28, 2024 Premium Content Charges to park at Aberdeen Beach could be introduced to recoup an estimated £200,000 over the next year. Read More Aberdeen council tax freeze: Bill increase would be ‘simply unacceptable’ despite cash worries Opposition Highland councillors point the finger at the Scottish Government ahead of £66m budget cuts plan Cross party agreement for extra youth workers and council tax freeze as Moray Council sets its budget Latest business, courts and politics Crime & Courts Men in court after £19k heroin and crack cocaine bust on Aberdeen’s Great Northern Road March 5, 2024 Premium Content Crime & Courts No jail for hammer thug who turned woman’s Aberdeen flat into drug base March 5, 2024 Premium Content Crime & Courts Couple accused of trespassing on tracks at remote Highland railway station March 5, 2024 Premium Content Schools The Isle of Rum needs a new head teacher: Do you have what it takes? March 4, 2024 Latest news Coastguard stands down from north coast search for missing person John McGrath Scots fishers feeling chipper over more haddock Moray councillors want briefing on AI to prepare for its risks American-themed bar and restaurant franchise Monterey Jack’s hints at new Aberdeen location John McGrath: ‘Concerns growing’ for missing John O’Groats man, 52 Chocolate to be topic of discussion at Aberdeen networking event Advertising Latest features, opinion, and obituaries Property Barry and Kate’s wonderful family home next to Duthie Park on the market for £295,000 March 5, 2024 Music Shoegaze stars bdrmm explain why they joined Mogwai’s label after a drunken night March 5, 2024 Obituaries Lynn Montgomery: Aberdeen journalist who grilled Margaret Thatcher dies March 5, 2024 Aberdeen & Aberdeenshire American-themed bar and restaurant franchise Monterey Jack’s hints at new Aberdeen location March 5, 2024 Latest Past Times content On This Day 1976: Strathdon, a parish without a future? Deathbed dictation by Aultbea man on the hell he went through on Russian Arctic convoys Historic ivory with tales to tell on display at Brodie Castle On This Day 1994: King’s apartment burgled in theft stranger than fiction In photos: Memories of when the Klondyker factory ships transformed life in Ullapool Spotlight on Seagulls Advertising Sport Highland League All Wednesday’s EE Aberdeenshire Cup and Highland League action previewed March 5, 2024 Aberdeen FC Interim boss Neil Warnock admits to sleepless nights due to Aberdeen’s form March 5, 2024 Caley Thistle Exclusive: Former Caley Thistle attacker Shane Sutherland targets playing return after two-year injury hell March 5, 2024 Premium Content Aberdeen FC Aberdeen interim boss Neil Warnock reveals Junior Hoilett’s extra training sessions in bid to make Pittodrie impact March 5, 2024 Latest sport Cove Rangers manager Paul Hartley takes positives from 1-0 defeat to Falkirk Murcar Links Golf Club’s Bryan Innes shoots seven-under for Spanish Seniors’ Open top-five place Cove Rangers boss Paul Hartley hails departed assistant manager and ‘friend’ Gordon Young Shinty: Champions Kingussie leave it late but make winning start to new campaign Elgin City boss Allan Hale says Clyde match will not be decisive Peterhead co-manager Jordon Brown tells players they can write their own story P&J Events Everything you need to know about The P&J Run Fest 2024 By Jack Ross Taste of Grampian 2024: Early bird tickets on sale now By Karla Sinclair How runners can raise funds for 5 charities by taking part in P&J Run Fest By Samantha Leckie Advertising P&J investigations Arlene Fraser murder: P&J launches new six-part true crime podcast By Dale Haslam The Hunt for Mr X: Our documentary investigates North Sea diver behind £100m Highland cocaine plot Premium Content By Dale Haslam Investigation: True impact of dementia revealed as deaths in Aberdeenshire and Highlands soar in last 20 years By Emma Morrice Advertising Our latest court reports More from our crime and courts team Get the latest crime and court stories delivered straight to your inbox January 12, 2022 Men in court after £19k heroin and crack cocaine bust on Aberdeen’s Great Northern Road March 5, 2024 No jail for hammer thug who turned woman’s Aberdeen flat into drug base March 5, 2024 Hit-and-run pair in court after George Street attempted murder March 5, 2024 Drug-dealing mum weeps as she is found guilty of causing baby son’s death March 5, 2024 Danger dog to die after aggressive owner set it on police officers March 5, 2024 community fund Follow Press and Journal Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter More info Home News Delivery Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions (excluding Home News Delivery Subscriptions) Contact us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences About Us – 275 Years of The Press and Journal Advertise with us Website terms and conditions of use End User Licence Agreement Evening Express and Press and Journal combined site DC Thomson The Courier The Sunday Post Energy Voice bunkered DCT Logo © Aberdeen Journals Ltd 2024. All Rights Reserved. Breaking