American Chemical Society Skip to Main Content ACS Publications C&EN CAS < Back Meetings & Events Meetings & Events Network with colleagues and access the latest research in your field ACS Meetings & Expositions Regional Meetings Green Chemistry Conferences Events Calendar Future ACS Meetings Submit an Abstract Leadership Development ACS Institute ACS Webinars View all Meetings & Events ACS Spring 2024 New Orleans, LA & Hybrid March 17-21, 2024 Registration & Housing Are Open Careers Careers Launch and grow your career with career services and resources Develop and grow in your career Find and land a job Explore career options Find networking opportunities Careers & the Chemical Sciences Virtual Career Services ACS Institute Get Experience View all Careers Explore Career Options Let ACS help you navigate your career journey with tools, personal coaching and networking. Students & Educators Students & Educators Promoting excellence in science education and outreach Educational Resources For Students For Educators Explore Chemistry Standards & Guidelines Science Outreach Books & Magazines American Association of Chemistry Teachers View all Students & Educators ACS-Hach Programs Learn about financial support for future and current high school chemistry teachers. Communities Communities Find a chemistry community of interest and connect on a local and global level. Technical Divisions Local Sections Industry Resources International Chapters International Resources Green Chemistry Roundtables Senior Chemists Student Chapters High School Club Women Chemists View all Communities Technical Divisions Collaborate with scientists in your field of chemistry and stay current in your area of specialization. Discover Chemistry Discover Chemistry Explore the interesting world of science with articles, videos and more. Science Articles ACS Webinars Green Chemistry Safety Tiny Matters Podcast News Releases Reactions Videos Landmarks in Chemical History Infographics View all Discover Chemistry Reactions: Chemistry Science Videos & Infographics Uncover the Chemistry in Everyday Life Funding & Awards Funding & Awards Celebrating and advancing your work with awards, grants, fellowships & scholarships. Awards Grants Scholarships & Fellowships National Awards Petroleum Research Fund Industry Awards Green Chemistry Local Sections Technical Divisions View all Funding & Awards ChemLuminary Awards Recognizing ACS local sections, divisions and other volunteers for their work in promoting chemistry. About ACS Membership Green Chemistry Chemical & Laboratory Safety Donate Volunteer Membership It's time to renew your membership. Renew now? Yes No Welcome to Amerian Chemical Society ACS Fall 2024 Denver, Colorado & Hybrid August 18-22, 2024 Call for Abstracts is now open! Learn More > ACS Spring 2024 Many Flavors of Chemistry New Orleans, Louisiana & Hybrid March 17-21, 2024 Registration & Housing are now open! Connect with the World's Largest Scientific Community Collaborate and network with like-minded scientists near you and around the world Learn More > Discover more with ACS scientific resources Explore the latest scientific advances and chemistry-related information to address global challenges Learn more > Advance your Career in the Global Economy Find the resources and tools you need to succeed and thrive Learn more > Calling all sustainability stars! One Free Year of ACS Premium Membership could be yours. We’re looking for scientists that are making “chemistry” synonymous with “sustainability.” Learn more > Announcements: To view this content please <em>enable javascript</em> and <a href="./">refresh this page</a>. 2022 ACS Annual Report The annual report is now available and includes a CEO message, highlights of ACS achievements in the past year and a financial summary. ACS takes your privacy seriously ACS is committed to protecting your personal information. Our updated privacy policy reflects our efforts to comply with the new European General Data Protection Regulations which details what information we collect from you, how we use it, and what we do to safeguard it. New Middle School Chemistry Website is here! More content with more fun and learning! The new Middle School Chemistry website is here! EXPLORE ACS I want to MOLECULE OF THE WEEK I’m an MRI contrast agent and a potential health threat. What molecule am I? View Archive BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU CREATE GREAT CHEMISTRY You belong here Explore ACS Membership Explore ACS Membership Your Success is Our Success “I have enjoyed working on research on nanomaterials for clean energy applications and publishing our efforts in top quality ACS journals.” I am really grateful to be involved in an organization that truly supports its members in pursuing their professional goals. Read Personal Stories Homepage Up 123 Share this page: Facebook LinkedIn X Pinterest Email Accept & Close The ACS takes your privacy seriously as it relates to cookies. We use cookies to remember users, better understand ways to serve them, improve our value proposition, and optimize their experience. Learn more about managing your cookies at Cookies Policy. GET TO KNOW US About ACS Press Room Jobs at ACS Governance ACS Store JOIN US Join ACS Renew Membership Member Benefits GET INVOLVED Advocate Volunteer Donate ACS Network Follow Us 1155 Sixteenth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20036, USA | service@acs.org | 1-800-333-9511 (US and Canada) | 614-447-3776 (outside North America) Top ^ Terms of Use Security Privacy Accessibility Site Map Contact Help Copyright © 2024 American Chemical Society