World Gold Council | The Authority on Gold Skip to main content Global Global 中国 日本 Home About Us About Gold Industry Standards ESG News & Events World Gold Council Gold Industry & Corporate Goldhub Professional Investors Invest.gold Individual Investors Gold Spot price - AWAITED Last Updated Show chart Gold spot price Price and Premium Data Watch the film Watch the film The Global Experts on Gold As a leading organisation in the gold industry, we're committed to shaping the conversation around gold and creating a brighter future for all. Insights Unearthed Podcast Key Initiatives Gold247 Goldhub Available in both English and Chinese, Goldhub is the definitive source of gold data, insights, and analytical tools for professional investors. Responsible Mining Leading by example World Gold Council members commit to enhanced supply-chain transparency Historical Demand and Supply Central Banks Data on central bank gold holdings, sales and purchases, as well as insights Latest Research Gold ETF Flows: January 2024 Global gold ETFs kicked off 2024 with the eighth monthly outflow, led by North American funds. As the market pushed back against bets on early rate cuts by major central banks, gold prices retreated in January, dimming investors’ interest in gold ETFs. Read more 7 February, 2024 Research Gold Market Commentary: Inflation risks seep back in Global physically backed gold ETFs began 2024 with US$2.8bn outflows in January, stretching their losing streak to eight months. This was equivalent to a 51t reduction in global holdings, which lowered to 3,175t by the end of January. Read more 7 February, 2024 Research Gold Demand Trends: Full Year 2023 Another year of blistering central bank buying, together with resilient jewellery consumption, offset substantial annual ETF outflows. Sizable OTC investment was evident in gold’s price strength last year. Read more 31 January, 2024 Goldhub Looking for insight and analysis on gold? Our team of experts produce market-leading research and macroeconomic commentary on gold. Gold & ESG See more recent articles Responsible Gold Mining Ensuring high ESG standards across the gold supply chain Gold and Climate Change Analysing gold’s relationship with climate change Gold’s Contribution to Society Understanding gold’s role in socio-economic development GOLD: A Journey With Idris Elba Join Idris Elba to discover the human story of gold – how it has shaped us, and our world. Start the journey Insights See more insights Krishan Gopaul Senior Analyst, EMEA World Gold Council Central banks accumulate more gold in January – starting 2024 as they mean to go on? 5 March, 2024 Unearthed Podcast World Gold Council Unearthed: Hard, soft or no landing ft. Karim Chedid, BlackRock 1 March, 2024 Ray Jia Research Head, China World Gold Council Spring Festival sees healthy gold consumption…but what lies ahead? 29 February, 2024 Data View all Goldhub data here Demand and Supply Data on sectors of gold demand, supply, productions costs and futures market positioning Price and Premium Benchmark gold prices, gold futures curves and local price premium/discount Performance Metrics Returns, volatility, correlations and trading volumes for gold, bonds, equities and other major asset classes Central Banks Data on central bank gold holdings, sales and purchases, as well as insights from annual surveys into central bank attitudes towards gold. BACK TO TOP Receive the newest data and research in your inbox Helping you stay informed about the gold industry’s latest news and updates. SIGN UP Follow us World Gold Council Home About Us About Gold Industry Standards ESG News & Events Values Accessibility COVID-19 Statement Human Rights Statement Modern Slavery Statement Expectations of Suppliers Legal Cookies Privacy Terms & Conditions Join our Focus GroupWe value your opinion, we would like to hear from visitors like yourself.Sign up nowAsk me laterWe value your opinion - The World Gold Council would like to contact visitors like yourself to participate in focus groups, surveys and share your feedback on the World Gold Council website experience. Contact us Sitemap 沪ICP备16026324号-1 公安备案号31010602004116 ©2024 World Gold Council. All Rights Reserved 使用微信扫一扫登录 [世界黄金协会] ×