Muscular Dystrophy Association MDA Advocates celebrate monumental air travel announcement! Learn more about this landmark proposal. Skip to main content Map Find Care Heart Donate Menu About Us Join MDA A place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do. Our Story About MDA Our Impact MDA History FAQs Our Team MDA Leadership MDA Ambassadors Careers Resources Press Room Financials Quest Magazine Contact Us Neuromuscular Diseases Join MDA A place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do. Neuromuscular Diseases Full List of Diseases Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease (CMT) Congenital Muscular Dystrophy (CMD) Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) Emery-Dreifuss Muscular Dystrophy Endocrine Myopathies Metabolic Diseases of Muscle Mitochondrial Myopathies (MM) Myotonic Dystrophy (DM) Spinal-Bulbar Muscular Atrophy (SBMA) Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Care & Services Join MDA A place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do. Care Centers About MDA Services MDA Care Centers Meet Your Team Your Visit Community Education MDA Community Education Educational Materials Access Workshops On-Demand Webinars MDA College Scholarships MDA Resource Hub National Resource Center MDA Connect Appointments Request Information Community Resources Outside Organization Programs & Information MDA Community Groups Recreation Programs MDA Summer Camp Become a Camp Volunteer Send Your Child to Camp Virtual Camp Family Getaways Gene Therapy Support MDA Gene Therapy Support Network Science & Research Join MDA A place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do. Our Approach About MDA Research Grants at a Glance Creating a New Therapy What We've Achieved MOVR Data Hub Clinical Trials Finder Tool For Researchers Our Research Program Funding Opportunities Contact our Research Team MDA Annual Conference MDA Venture Philanthropy MDA Kickstart Program For Clinicians Clinical Trials Finder Tool MDA Annual Conference Medical Education MDA Monthly Report Ways to Give Support the MDA Mission Give to MDA today and help people living with neuromuscular diseases every day! Donate Donate Now Make a Monthly Gift Donate in Honor or Memory Matching Gifts Other Ways to Give Donate Stock Donor Advised Funds Donate Cryptocurrency Leave a Legacy Give While You Shop Get Involved Volunteer and Empower Lives Choose from one of many volunteer opportunities and make a difference for people living with neuromuscular diseases. Volunteer Become a Volunteer Volunteer Resources Advocate Become an Advocate Participate Participate in an Event Calendar of Events Start a Fundraiser Partner Become an MDA Partner Meet Our Partners Fire Fighters for MDA Join MDA Quest Media Join MDA A place where individuals and families are at the heart of everything we do. Quest Magazine Newsletter Podcast Blog Map Find Care Search Search Donate Close Let's show the world that when it comes to rare diseases, there's no such thing as can't. Give Now First Name Last Name Email A message from Donald S. Wood, PhD, President and CEO Rare neuromuscular diseases stand as some of the most challenging puzzles in science and medicine today. The rare nature of progressive muscle disease like muscular dystrophies, spinal muscular atrophy, ALS, and Pompe, coupled with corresponding gaps in public awareness and scientific investment, can present obstacles to research and access to treatments. But at the Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA), thanks to your support, we're tackling these challenges head-on and we’re seeing results! Our work has led to historic advancements in genetic research, improved diagnostic methods, multidisciplinary care, and the development of groundbreaking therapies that once seemed beyond reach. These scientific discoveries have wide-reaching applications for other more commonplace diseases and conditions, affecting millions of people across the globe. Together, we can surge past the limits of yesterday's understanding and treatments. It’s your commitment, involvement, and support that are the forces that drive us forward. Thank you for your dedication to people living with neuromuscular diseases and to MDA’s mission. Mission Statement Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) is the #1 voluntary health organization in the United States for people living with muscular dystrophy, ALS, and related neuromuscular diseases. For over 70 years, MDA has led the way in accelerating research, advancing care, and advocating for the support of our families. MDA's mission is to empower the people we serve to live longer, more independent lives. Innovations in Science We are accelerating the delivery of treatments and cures. Explore the Science Innovations in Care We provide services that help people affected by neuromuscular disease. Experience the Care The freedom to walk, to talk, to run and play. To laugh, to hug, to eat — even breathe. Each day these freedoms are taken away from kids and adults with muscular dystrophy, ALS and related diseases that weaken muscle strength and limit mobility. Together we can change that. About Neuromuscular Diseases State or Zip Find MDA Care Centers Get Involved There are many ways to get involved with MDA. Whether you’re looking to create a fundraiser, host a game night, volunteer at a camp, run a marathon, or advocate for the cause, the ways to get involved are endless. Start a Fundraiser Become a Volunteer Start Your Monthly Gift of $19 today MDA Let's Play for a Cure Advocate for MDA Ways to Get Involved Latest Stories For the latest happenings in the MDA community and to read inspiring stories, browse the MDA blog. Quest Issue 1, 2024 Episode 38: Love made simple, with Alexa and Jacqueline Child of DateAbility All 50 States and DC Implement Spinal Muscular Atrophy Newborn Screening MDA Ambassador Guest Blog: Love in Full Bloom on Camelback Mountain Visit Our Blog Upcoming Events Mar 23, 2024 Atlanta Night of Hope Register Apr 2, 2024 Gene Therapy Support Group Register Apr 23, 2024 to Apr 25, 2024 @ 5pm-7pm EST Next Steps Seminar: Newly Diagnosed - Adults Register May 3, 2024 30th Annual Ed Morse Golf Tournament Register See More Events Press Releases Feb 29, 2024 Muscular Dystrophy Association Applauds Landmark Proposal on Accessible Air Travel at The White House MDA Advocacy #AccessibleAirTravel campaign celebrates crucial milestone for disability community. Read More Feb 27, 2024 Muscular Dystrophy Association’s Annual ALS Fundraiser ‘Night of Hope Gala’ in Atlanta Honors Control Southern Leadership and Staff Read More Feb 26, 2024 Applications are Open for Muscular Dystrophy Association’s Inaugural College Scholarship Program to Elevate Higher Education Opportunities for Students with Neuromuscular... MDA's Community Engagement programming includes additional resources and support for young adults. Read More See Recent News Meet Our Partners These partners are empowering lives through science and care for MDA families. Meet Them All Join Us Sign up to receive email updates on volunteer opportunities and the impact you’re making for families. First Name Last Name Email MDA Resource Center: We’re Here For You Our trained specialists are here to provide one-on-one support for every part of your journey. Send a message below or call us at 1-833-ASK-MDA1 (1-833-275-6321). If you live outside the U.S., we may be able to connect you to muscular dystrophy groups in your area, but MDA programs are only available in the U.S. Request Information Close overlay Media Careers Donate Contact Us Muscular Dystrophy Association, Inc. 1016 W Jackson Blvd #1073 Chicago, Illinois 60607 800-572-1717 | ResourceCenter@mdausa.org Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram The Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. ©2024, Muscular Dystrophy Association Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | State Fundraising Notices Sign Up for MDA News & Updates First Name Last Name Email Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram The Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) is a qualified 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization. 2024, Muscular Dystrophy Association Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | State Fundraising Notices