Stem Cell Nutrition | Activate The Body's Natural Renewal System Menu (510) 698-9746 Home Blog Business About Cerule Affiliate/Influencer Program Business Overview Cerule NFR Program Cerule Pay Plan Dr Stan Answers Dr Stan Jacobs Gitte Jensen, PhD Join Cerule Partner With Us Products All Products StemEnhance Ultra PlasmaFlo Cyactiv Cyactiv Joint AFA Regenerating Night Cream Instant Tensor Serum CC Cream Micellar Gel (Dry & Oily Skin) Pricing Lake Klamath Lake Klamath Lake Klamath Gallery Contact Order Special Offers Special Offer Payment Form Unlock The Power of Adult Stem Cells -- The Natural Renewal System of Your Body With The World's #1 Stem Cell Nutrition Supplement: StemEnhance Ultra Adult Stem Cells Without question, you've already heard about adult stem cells. Maybe you saw a news story, or a read an article. I'm also sure you've heard the terms pluripotent stem cells and embryonic stem cells. They have created a great deal of controversy and with good reason. The lure of what embryonic stem cells can do for the body has led to ethical issues surrounding such things as embryo harvesting. One thing remains, adult stem cells represent the future of health and wellness as we know it. And they're here to stay. The Science Behind Stem Cell Nutrition Supplements Scientists discover that adult stem cells migrate from the bone marrow into the bloodstream, then into the tissues to renew and repair damaged and dead cells. Studies now show that Adult Stem Cells have the same ability to become virtually any other cell in the body. That is, if a stem cell travels to the brain, it will become a brain cell, to a muscle, a muscle cell, to the liver, a liver cell and so on. Scientists studying extracts from various natural botanical compounds such as Fucoidan (brown seaweed), and Aphanizomenon Flos Aquae (AFA), discover their ability to trigger a natural release in adult stem cells from the bone marrow. In short, the same benefits as embryonic stem cells can be achieved by enhancing the release of adult stem cells -- something your body is already doing and has been doing since the day you were born. This research has led to the concept of stem cell nutrition, supplements designed to promote the release of adult stem cells from the bone marrow, and their migration to the organs and tissues of the body that are in need of repair. The Incredible Power of Adult Stem Cells 1. 'Messengers' are sent by tissues in need, requesting the release of adult stem cells from the bone marrow. 2. Adult stem cells are released from the bone marrow and circulate in the bloodstream. 3. A different set of 'messengers' attract adult stem cells to migrate into tissues where the stem cells reproduce and become new healthy cells of that tissue. 4. The whole cycle of renewal continues for the duration of your life, 24 hour hours a day, 365 days a year, never stopping until you pass away. Stem Cell Nutrition: Your Future is Now Stem cells occur naturally in the body and serve to replenish cells that are lost through normal wear and tear or injury. As we age, our body's ability to self-repair and maintain optimum health decreases due to a reduction in the number of circulating stem cells associated with the normal aging process. Increasing the number of circulating stem cells is believed to support the body's process of self-repair and self-renewal. Our bodies have to maintain a fine balance between breakdown and renewal. The cells of your body are constantly being damaged and replaced and this process is accelerated by stress, pollution and other lifestyle choices. Stem Cell Science represents a new paradigm in anti-aging and the quest to maintain optimal health. Stem Cell Science Experts Agree "The lack of success of embryonic stem cells should be compared with the real successes of adult stem cells. A wealth of scientific papers published over the last few years document that adult stem cells are a much more promising source of stem cells for regenerative medicine." - Dr. David A. Prentice, PhD. "..Mesenchynal Stem Cells in the bone marrow give rise to the tissue stem cells, i.e. they have been shown to differentiate into bone and fat cells; tendons, ligament and other connective tissues, as well as neurons and cells of the liver, lung, pancreas and heart. That list is not exhaustive. Also, as their name implies Hematopoietic Stem Cells in the same bone marrow are the well known precursors to the wide variety of blood cells (red and white) and platelets." - Dr. Allan Somersall - The Amazing Power of Stem Cell Nutrition Stem Cell Nutrition Proven Clinical Studies Stroke treatment and Endogenous Stem Cell Mobilization. Taken from: The Therapeutic Potential of Stimulating Endogenous Stem Cell Mobilization Mobilization of human stem cells study published in the Journal of Cardiovascular Revascularization Medicine. Bone marrow cells regenerate infarcted myocardium. Published in Nature International weekly journal of Science. Hematopoietic stem cells convert into liver cells within days without fusion. Published in Nature Cell Biology. Fucoidan ingestion increases the expression of CXCR4 on human CD34+ cells. Published in Experimental Hematology. Mobilization of bone marrow stem cells with StemEnhance improves muscle regeneration in cardiotoxin-induced muscle injury. Published in Cell Cycle. The Therapeutic Potential of Stimulating Endogenous Stem Cell Mobilization published in the Journal of Tissue Regeneration - From Basic Biology to Clinical Application. Use of Stem Cell Mobilizer on Ankle Injuries to Expedite Recovery in Professional Soccer Players. Published in MOJ Cell Science & Report. Fucoidan protects mesenchymal stem cells against oxidative stress and enhances vascular regeneration. Published in International Journal of Cardiology. Therapies from Fucoidan; Multifunctional Marine Polymers. Published in Marine Drugs. Stem Cell Nutrition Frequently Asked Questions Where can I order stem cell nutrition supplements? Whilst blue-green algae and spirulina have been popular for more than 40 years, the idea to extract and use the compounds that trigger stem cell release is relatively new. The world's #1 stem cell nutrition supplement is StemEnhance Ultra. It comes with a 30 day money back guarantee and is available to order online. What is stem cell nutrition? stem cell nutrition is a new concept in the health and wellness field, where extracts from various natural botanical compounds trigger a release of bone marrow stem cells into the blood stream. These stem cells then travel around the body where they are signaled by tissues to migrate into and become healthy new cells. What are the side effects of stem cell nutrition supplements? There are no known side effects. StemEnhance Ultra contains the same amount of Vitamin K as a serve of broccoli, and some people on blood thinning medication need to be aware of their vitamin K intake. You may however feel more alert, have increased mental clarity, and have better moods as a result of the 12 to 16 mg of naturally occurring PEA found in StemEnhance Ultra. People have also reported a reduction in aches and pains and a better overall sense of well-being. The body seems to respond well to having millions of bone marrow stem cells released into the bloodstream. Learn more about the harvesting process of algae from Lake Klamath, Oregon. What is the Stem Cell Concept? Download PDF 'Our concept of stem cells is a beautiful story that follows the classical scientific method. Which is, the observation of a phenomenon in real life that we don't understand, so we try to explain it and formulate hypotheses, then we go into the lab to test these hypotheses. With the new data, we come back and we try to re-explain the phenomenon, we re-formulate new hypotheses, we go and test again in the lab and through this process, we end up in a place where we have a very good understanding, a complete explanation of the phenomenon and this is when we are said to have made a discovery. This is really what happened with our concept pertaining to stem cells. 15 years ago, an article was published in the scientific literature, the title of this article was 'turning blood into brain.' It was a study in which scientists documented how stem cell in circulation in the blood stream had the ability of migrating in the brain to become brain cells. Around the same time, other scientists documented as well that stem cells in circulation could go into the heart and become heart cells and also go into the liver and become liver cells. On the basis of that data, what we started to think, we formulated an hypotheses that stem cells actually constituted the natural repair of the body. It was just an idea 15 years ago, a lot of research has been done and if we fast forward, here's what we know today about stem cells and the natural role of stem cells in the body. Any time there is an injury or there's a problem somewhere in the body, the affected tissue will release compounds that will circulate in the blood stream to the bone marrow and will trigger the release of stem cells to the bone marrow. Within 3 to 5 days after the injury, the number of stem cells in circulation will increase 3 to 10 fold. As these stem cells are circulating in the blood stream, they don't know where to go, they don't know which is the tissue that is in need of repair. What happens is that after the 3rd to 5th day, in that time frame, the affected tissue will release other compounds that will attract stem cells to that tissue. What happens is that the stem cells are circulating everywhere in the body, when they circulate in the fine blood vessels of the affected tissue, they will be called out of the blood circulation, they will migrate in the tissue and upon contact with cellular debris of that tissue, the stem cells will multiply, will, proliferate and will transform into cells of that tissue. This is the natural repair system of the body. Now in this whole system, we need to release stem cells from the bone marrow, they need to circulate, they need to migrate, they need to proliferate and they need to transform into cells of that tissue. All these steps in the process are important, but the one that was the most studied was the relationship between the number of stem cells in circulation and the ability of the body to repair. And in this way, the conclusion is that more stem cells in circulation are available to participate in the process of tissue repair and the body has more stem cells to use in order to better repair. So if we take, for example, 2 individuals with identical problems, the ones with more stem cells in circulation will repair faster and better, this is the general conclusion. Now out of a lot of these studies, another observation has been made. This to me, is probably the most important message, because all of this work has been done with diseases, but what does it mean for somebody who is healthy. This is where this is going. All this process, that has been studied with regards to an injury and pertaining to tissue repair, also takes place i the body of someone who's complete healthy without any problem. Everyday of our lives, the bone marrow releases stem cells and these stem cells will migrate into tissues replacing the cells that have been lost. Everyday of our lives, we lose cells, in all the tissues of our body, all the organs of our body are losing cells every day, but these cells are being replaced by stem cells everyday. And As long as we replace stem cells, that we renew these tissues as fast as we lose cells, we stay healthy. The problem comes when we do not renew our tissues as fast as we're losing cells. This takes place as we age. As we age, we have fewer and fewer stem cells in circulation, so cellular loss gains ground. So really health in the body is a balance between these 2 phenomenon, cellular loss on one hand and tissue renewal on the other hand. If we can support tissue renewal and have enough stem cells to renew tissue as fast as we lose cells, we stay healthy, it really is that simple. Sometimes, I compare this to bankruptcy. If I ask the question, do you go bankrupt because you have lost your money? Intuitively, you would say yes, I went bankrupt because I lost my money, but in reality we don't go bankrupt because we lost our money, we go bankrupt because we lost our income. It is the income that makes the whole difference. It's the same thing with our health. It is the income in terms of stem cells to the tissues that will allow the tissue to stay healthy. So anything we can do to support the natural role of stem cells in the body, then let's do it, because it's going to help maintain optimal health. This is leading us to, I believe, a novel understanding of health because the best of medicine today, and it's not a criticism, it's just an observation of reality. The best in medicine is preventative medicine. To go back to our financial analogy, it's like saying in order to be wealthy, let's try prevent poverty. Preventing poverty is never going to help anyone be wealthy. To be wealthy, we need a strategy for accumulating wealth. It's the same thing here, we will never have optimal health if what we're doing what we're doing is preventing diseases. All these discoveries and this understanding about the natural role of stem cells in the body is giving us a new understanding about health and wellness. We can go way beyond just the absence of problems, we can give back the body it's natural ability to build health, to repair and renew tissues. So it's when we understand all of this, we understand the importance of supporting natural role of stem cells in the body. It is with this whole understanding, that at Cerule, we have focused our development and our research on products that support the release the stem cells from the bone marrow with StemEnhance Ultra, the circulation of stem cells in the body with PlasmaFlo and the migration of stem cells in various tissues with Cyactiv.' What are the ingredients of stem cell nutrition supplements? Download PDF 'Many people have asked the question lately over the last few months or made comments on social media on YouTube, on Facebook, as to what is the best ingredient to support the natural release of stem cells from the bone marrow. I thought the best way to answer these questions, was simply to go back to the data, to the scientific data, to what has been published in the scientific literature the peer reviewed scientific literature. And it starts with the very first ingredient that was documented to support the natural release of stem cells from the bone marrow, which is StemEnhance. Actually, it was the work that was done on StemEnhance that really led to the development of what is today known as the natural repair system, the natural renewal system that is based on the release of our own stem cells. So if we go back to that paper, which was published in 2007, we can see that the median release of stem cells, or the median increase in the number of circulating stem cells after one hour is roughly around 50%. This was also confirmed by a 3rd party study that was published in Egypt, I believe it was 2013, when the exact same increase in the number of stem cells in circulation was documented one hour after consumption of StemEnhance. And what I want to point out here is that over the years, we have talked about a 30% increase in the number of stem cells in circulation. And the reason why we said this is simply because in the early days when all of the documentation and all of these studies were done and we were getting ready to bring stem enhance to the market place, our legal counsel and desert lake technologies, you know, stem cells are linked to diseases, so if you make a stem cell claim, you will probably be in trouble with the FDA. And at that time, what I was saying, was no, we will not be in trouble because it's a function of the body, so this is going to be a functional claim. But we were into this argument with our legal counsel and finally the compromise was to make a statement about stem cell support, but making it very very conservation, to keep it as low as we could, to make it significant, but really not too high. So we basically talked about a 25-30% increase in the number of circulating stem cells. But if we go back to the data that was published, it's a median release of 50%, and in one individual, we gave that person StemEnhance on 16 different days and then documented the increase in the number of circulating stem cells. And the range here is pretty wide, going as high as 325% increase in the number of circulating stem cells. So that's what we had with StemEnhance. From there, we started to look at other ingredients, we looked at fucoidan from undaria pinnatifida, and what we found that the consumption of fucoidan from undaria pinnatifida, we have an increase in the number of circulating stem cells of about 18%, which is much less that what we have with StemEnhance, but what was very interesting here is that release was sustained over time. So the idea was that if we can blend these 2 together, we are going to get a very interesting synergy. And that's what we got, we got a very interesting synergy in terms of a significant release of stem cells from the bone marrow, that was sustained over time. So the line that we see here is the blend of these 2 ingredients. Some competitors in the market place are using this curve to say that that was a response to fucoidan. It is not accurate, that was the response by combining both StemEnhance and fucoidan. Then another ingredient that was discovered to trigger stem cell release from the bone marrow was aloe macroclada. Again, some exaggerated statements and claims have been made, the best is simply to go back to the data that was published a few years ago, the data is showing that within a few hours of consuming aloe macroclada, we have an increase very comparable to what we have with StemEnhance. Again, it's sustained over time, but was really the discovery with aloe macroclada, is that it increased the number of one specific type of stem cells, called endothelial progenitor cells, these are stem cells that lead to the formation of new capillaries, it's something that is very important in the body, to deliver cells, to deliver nutrients, oxygen to various tissues, so if you have better circulation, then obviously the entire body can function better. So that's the secret behind these type of stem cells called endothelial progenitor cells, so aloe macroclada lead to that increase. Now, again, it's by blending the 2 together, StemEnhance, fucoidan from undaria pinnatifida, and aloe macroclada, that we get a very interesting response. But here again, some competitors out there in the market place are using this curve, which is the combination of all these ingredients, to claim this was the response to aloe macroclada. Again, this is false and inaccurate. It is the response of all these 3 combined together. And the last ingredient that was documented is Mezenkine. Mezenkine is an extract from spirulina that was developed and discovered as Cerule was developing Cyactiv, which is a concentration from phycocyanin from spirulina. So this yellow liquid called Mezenkine was discovered along the way and then we started to do some work on it and discovered some very very interesting things. Mezenkine, within an hour of consumption, will increase the amount of GCSF in the blood stream. Now GCSF is the natural signal that the body sends to the bone marrow to trigger the release of stem cells from the bone marrow, so that these stem cells can go and repair various parts of the body. So what Mezenkine does is to really tap in the very signal that damaged tissue in the body will trigger to call for stem cell release from the bone marrow. And as we looked at stem cells in the blood stream, we saw that Mezenkine also increases the number of endothelial progenitor cells up to 60%. All of this is in preparation for publication, but it is to show that Mezenkine gives us a response very comparable to what aloe macroclada gave us. And we blend all of these together, this is where we get again, the best response. When we blend stem enhance, fucoidan from undaria pinnatifida and Mezenkine. I think the take home message with all of this, is that all these ingredients are very interesting ingredients. It's very difficult to say which one is better than the other. The real take home message is when we blend all of them together, we really get the strongest response. And at this point in time, in terms of actual products available, StemEnhance Ultra is really the most powerful product, because it does blend StemEnhance, the original ingredient, Fucoidan from undaria pinnatifida, and Mezenkine, that has an effect on GCSF and endothelial progenitor cells. The take home message the blend of these ingredients is the strongest product to take to support the release of stem cells from the bone marrow.' Which countries are stem cell nutrition supplements available? At this stage, StemEnhance Ultra is available in the US, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, France, EU and Martinique. It will be available in many more countries as we undertake the supplement registration process. What are the major stem cell nutrition supplement companies? The pioneer in stem cell nutrition was Desert Lake Technologies, who developed StemEnhance and licensed it to other companies including StemTech. In 2016, StemTech was placed into chapter 7 Bankruptcy, and Cerule is set to become the leader in the market, with unrestricted access to the Lake Klamath algae supply. Isn't the algae used in stem cell nutrition supplements toxic? Not at all. Whilst the whole AFA and microcystin are often found together, Cerule has invested into state of the art harvesting equipment and filtration facilities. They hold many patents and the centrifugal filtering process takes up an entire room. The algae is tested many times and will not contain any more than 1 part per million of microcystin as per the standard set by the State of Oregon. Learn more about Lake Klamath. Are stem cell nutrition supplements available for Dogs and Horses? There are no specific supplements for dogs and horses at this stage, but they can consume regular StemEnhance Ultra if mixed with their food. As mammals, they have the same bone marrow system and experience the same results. * These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This supplement is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. StemEnhance Ultra® is a product of USA Distributed by: Cerule LLC Irvine, CA 92612 USA © MyStemCellPower.com sitemap | sitemap images ‪(805) 395-8929‬