The British Journal of Psychiatry | Cambridge Core Skip to main content Accessibility help We use cookies to distinguish you from other users and to provide you with a better experience on our websites. Close this message to accept cookies or find out how to manage your cookie settings. Login Alert Cancel Log in × × Home Log in Register Browse subjects Publications Open research Services About Cambridge Core Cart Cart Institution login Register Log in Cart Home Home Log in Register Browse subjects Publications Open research Services About Cambridge Core Cart Cart Institution login Register Log in Cart < Back to search results HomeJournalsThe British Journal of Psychiatry English Français The British Journal of Psychiatry Add bookmark Add alert RSS feed Share Search within full text Search within journal Search within society Submit your article Announcements Subscribe Submit your article This journal utilises an Online Peer Review Service (OPRS) for submissions. By clicking "Continue" you will be taken to our partner site https://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/bjpsych. Please be aware that your Cambridge account is not valid for this OPRS and registration is required. We strongly advise you to read all "Author instructions" in the "Journal information" area prior to submitting. Cancel Continue × Other actions Submit your article Information Announcements Subscribe Add bookmark Add alert RSS Feed Share Visit: Journal Home Journal home Journal information FirstView articles Latest issue All issues Accepted manuscripts Most read Open access articles Get access Subscribe Check if you have access via personal or institutional login Log in Register Contains open access On the cover Continues The Asylum Journal (1853 - 1855), The Asylum Journal of Mental Science (1855 - 1857), Journal of Mental Science (1858 - 1962) Title history ISSN: 0007-1250 (Print), 1472-1465 (Online) Editor: Professor Gin Malhi University of Sydney, Australia Editorial board The British Journal of Psychiatry (BJPsych) is a leading international peer-reviewed journal, covering all branches of psychiatry with a particular emphasis on the clinical aspects of each topic. Published monthly on behalf of the Royal College of Psychiatrists, the journal is committed to improving the prevention, investigation, diagnosis, treatment, and care of mental illness, as well as the promotion of mental health globally. In addition to authoritative original research articles from around the world, the journal publishes editorials, review articles, commentaries on contentious articles, a comprehensive book review section and a lively, well-informed correspondence column. BJPsych is essential reading for psychiatrists, clinical psychologists, and all professionals with an interest in mental health. Latest articles View all Article Medical assistance in dying for mental illness: a complex intervention requiring a correspondingly complex evaluation approach Hamer Bastidas-Bilbao, David Castle, Mona Gupta, Vicky Stergiopoulos, Lisa D. Hawke The British Journal of Psychiatry, FirstView Article Psychopathology in Shine On You Crazy Diamond – Psychiatry in music Alonso E. Garrido-Pinzás The British Journal of Psychiatry, Volume 224, Issue 3 Article BJP volume 224 issue 3 Cover and Front matter The British Journal of Psychiatry, Volume 224, Issue 3 Article BJP volume 224 issue 3 Cover and Back matter The British Journal of Psychiatry, Volume 224, Issue 3 Article Participatory translational science of neurodivergence: model for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autism research Edmund J.S. Sonuga-Barke, Susie Chandler, Steve Lukito, Myrofora Kakoulidou, Graham Moore, Niki Cooper, Maciej Matejko, Isabel Jackson, Beta Balwani, Tiegan Boyens, Dorian Poulton, Luke Harvey-Nguyen, Sylvan Baker, Georgia Pavlopoulou The British Journal of Psychiatry, FirstView Article Protecting and promoting editorial independence Kamaldeep Bhui, Aileen O'Brien, Rachel Upthegrove, Alexander C. Tsai, Mustafa Soomro, Giles Newton-Howes, Matthew R. Broome, Andrew Forrester, Patricia Casey, Anne M. Doherty, William Lee, Kenneth R. Kaufman The British Journal of Psychiatry, FirstView Article The usability and reliability of a smartphone application for monitoring future dementia risk in ageing UK adults Graham Reid, Philip Vassilev, Jessica Irving, Triin Ojakäär, Liron Jacobson, Erin G. Lawrence, Jenny Barnett, Malika Tapparel, Ivan Koychev The British Journal of Psychiatry, FirstView Article Borderline intellectual functioning and psychosis: Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey evidence – CORRIGENDUM A. Hassiotis, M. Noor, P. Bebbington, A. Ali, J. Wieland, T. Qassem The British Journal of Psychiatry, FirstView View all Celebrating Peer Review Week 2022 View all RCPsych: preparing a new generation of peer reviewers 23 September 2022, Jo Skelton Anna Munks, Managing Editor of BJPsych Advances and BJPsych Open, speaks to us about the importance of peer review for the Royal College of Psychiatrists (RCPsych).... View all RCPsych Article of the Month blog View all From a small seed to a giant Iroko tree: A postgraduate training programme in Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Africa 12 February 2024, Cornelius Ani and Olayinka Omigbodun Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) has the youngest population of any region in the world with 70% under the age of 30 years. This youthful demographic profile can be... View all Tweets by BJPsych Books Committee Facebook Loading https://www.facebook.com/RCPsych... Advertisement 10.5 2022 Impact Factor: 13 out of 155 Psychiatry (SCIE) 8 out of 144 Psychiatry (SSCI) 2022 Journal Citation Reports © Clarivate Analytics Most read View all Article Artificial intelligence and increasing misinformation Scott Monteith, Tasha Glenn, John R. Geddes, Peter C. Whybrow, Eric Achtyes, Michael Bauer The British Journal of Psychiatry, Volume 224, Issue 2 View all Most cited View all Article A New Depression Scale Designed to be Sensitive to Change Stuart A. Montgomery, Marie Åsberg The British Journal of Psychiatry, Volume 134, Issue 4 View all Librarians Authors Publishing partners Agents Corporates Additional Information Accessibility Our blog News Contact and help Cambridge Core legal notices Feedback Sitemap Select your country preference Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Channel Islands, Isle of Man Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands United States Virgin Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Join us online Legal Information Rights & Permissions Copyright Privacy Notice Terms of use Cookies Policy © Cambridge University Press 2024 Back to top © Cambridge University Press 2024 Back to top Cancel Confirm ×