A People’s Journey, A Nation’s Story | National Museum of African American History and Culture Skip to main content National Museum of African American History & Culture Smithsonian Visit Visit Get the latest information about timed passes and tips for planning your visit Plan Your Visit Group Visits Frequently Asked Questions Accessibility Options Sweet Home Café Museum Store Museum Maps Our Mobile App Get Updates Explore Explore Search the collection and explore our exhibitions, centers, and digital initiatives Search the Collection Exhibitions Stories Initiatives Museum Centers Publications Digital Resource Guide The Searchable Museum Freedmen's Bureau Search Portal Get Updates Learn Learn Online resources for educators, students, and families Educators Students Adults Early Childhood Library Talking About Race Digital Learning Get Updates Connect Connect Engage with us and support the Museum from wherever you are Strategic Partnerships Ways to Give Volunteer Internships & Fellowships Contact Get Updates Events Events Find our upcoming and past public and educational programs Today at the Museum Upcoming Events Ongoing Tours & Activities Past Events Host an Event at NMAAHC Get Updates About About Learn more about the Museum and view recent news About the Museum The Building Leadership Meet Our Curators Founding Donors Corporate Leadership Councils Newsroom NMAAHC Annual Reports Get Updates Shop Donate Toggle Mobile Menu Search Keyword Search Submit A People’s Journey, A Nation’s Story Welcome to the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History & Culture Plan Your Visit Reserve Passes! about Plan Your Visit Museum News & Highlights / Honoring Black Women Entrepreneurs Join us for tours, workshops and special programming this Women’s History Month. Learn More about Honoring Black Women Entrepreneurs / New on View in the Museum Take a closer look at new objects from our museum's collection and exhibitions. Explore More about New on View in the Museum / Sweet Home Café Enjoy a carefully curated menu celebrating women in hospitality every Friday from 12 p.m. - 3 p.m. Learn More about Sweet Home Café / Iconic Ebony Test Kitchen Finds a Home at Our Museum Built in 1972 as a prominent feature of the Johnson Publishing Co. building in Chicago, the Ebony Test Kitchen is where recipes were tested and prepared before they were published in Ebony magazine for home cooks around the country. Learn More about Iconic Ebony Test Kitchen Finds a Home at Our Museum / Museum Announces New Council Chair Dr. N. Anthony Coles will serve as Chair of the Advisory Council for the National Museum of African American History and Culture. Learn More about Museum Announces New Council Chair / “Afrofuturism: A History of Black Futures” is Now Open On view until August 18, 2024, the exhibition explores and reveals Afrofuturism’s historic and poignant engagement with African American history and popular culture. Learn More about “Afrofuturism: A History of Black Futures” is Now Open Previous Slide Next Slide What's Happening at the Museum A look at all the upcoming programs and events Join Us! about What's Happening at the Museum Searchable Museum Atlanta Washerwomen Strike In 1881, washerwomen in Atlanta staged the largest-ever strike by African Americans, walking off the job for weeks until their demands and those of other service workers were met. Explore More about Atlanta Washerwomen Strike Story Five You Should Know: Black Women Icons of Afrofuturism Their influence spans across disciplines, genres and decades – while re-imagining the past, present and future through a Black cultural lens. Explore More about Five You Should Know: Black Women Icons of Afrofuturism Digital Learning Resource Black Women Artists Meet Black women artists through their artwork in our collection and other Smithsonian museums. Start Your Journey about Black Women Artists Upcoming Events Tuesday Mar. 5, 2024 | 11:00am - 1:00pm Explore More! in STEM: How the Museum Uses Light Friday Mar. 8, 2024 | 12:00pm - 3:00pm Sweet Home Café Chef’s Table with Aida Bah, R/A Lead Cook at World Bank Group Tuesday Mar. 12, 2024 | 11:00am - 1:00pm Explore More! in STEM: Flying High with the Triple Nickles All Events Recent News Tuesday, January 16, 2024 National Museum of African American History and Culture Presents “gOD-Talk: Reimagining Faith in the 21st Century” Film Tour Wednesday, January 10, 2024 National Museum of African American History and Culture Celebrates Black History Month Tuesday, December 19, 2023 National Museum of African American History and Culture Kicks Off January 2024 with Dynamic Programming All News Toggle credits Close Modal Credits Subtitle here for the credits modal. National Museum of African American History & Culture 1400 Constitution Ave NW, Washington, DC 20560 Share your email for updates Submit Email powered by Blackbaud Privacy | Terms of Use Become a Member Make a Donation Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Privacy Terms of Use Empty Div 2017 Webby Award - People's Choice Award