Find email addresses in seconds • Hunter (Email Hunter) image/svg+xml Copy logo as SVG Press resources Product Data Domain Search Find the email addresses of a company. Email Finder Find the email address of a professional. Email Verifier Verify any email address. Signals New Find your next customer using intent data. Outreach Campaigns Send cold emails. Integrations Integrations Connect to your favorite application. API Integrate Hunter to your workflow. More Browser extension Google Sheets add-on Bulk tasks TechLookup Pricing Resources Cold Email Guide new Your guide to sending effective email outreach. Blog Cold Email Outreach Strategies & Growth. Templates Directory of best cold email templates. Webinars Free video training sessions. Customer stories Discover how our customers are using Hunter. Help Center Your questions on Hunter answered. Featured on the blog Company About us Meet the team behind Hunter. Our data How our data is sourced and processed. Careers Our current open positions. English Français Create an account Log in → English Français Toggle navigation Log in Create an account Product Domain Search Find the email addresses of a company. Email Finder Find the email address of a professional. Email Verifier Verify any email address. Campaigns Send cold emails. Integrations Connect to your favorite application. API Integrate Hunter to your workflow. Pricing Hunter Blog About us Our data Connect with any professional. Hunter is your all-in-one email outreach platform. Find and connect with the people that matter to your business. Get started for free See our plans No credit card required. Free plan. Trusted by leading companies. 01. Data Find any decision maker’s contact details. In seconds. Hunter uses a combination of proprietary technology and artificial intelligence to find, verify, and enrich contact details. Domain Search. Find the best person to contact from a company name or website. Try it now No account required. Email Finder. Type a name, get a verified email address. Our high match rate helps you get the most from your lists. Find Email No account required. Email Verifier. Avoid bounces and protect your sender reputation. Verify Email No account required. Hunter is a great tool for saving time and building pipelines and prospecting. Before we had Hunter in place I was spending a long time guessing emails and using up valuable time every day. The email verifier is also a game changer for our team. Sean Gallagher Growth Manager at Intercom 02. Campaigns Cold emailing that just works. With Hunter Campaigns, you can maximize the potential of your prospecting lists and increase your chances of receiving more replies. Compose emails, schedule follow-ups and get precise reports of your campaign performance. Send personal emails, at scale. Easily personalize and review the emails you send so they always sound personal and relevant. Start your first campaign It’s free. Reach inboxes, not the spam folder. Hunter verifies your lists and sends emails from your own Gmail, Google Workspace or Outlook account for optimal deliverability. Try it Powerful, yet simple. Campaigns includes the exact features you need for outreach success. Try it We use Hunter Campaigns to source qualified buyers for some of our clients. The product is incredibly easy to use and delivered fantastic results. Andrew Gazdecki CEO at Acquire.com 03. Integrations Build your own workflow. Hunter works seamlessly with the tools you already use: Google Sheets, your CRM or any other destination you’d like. Rely on our native CRM integrations, our Zapier integration or our APIs to sync your data to 5,000+ destinations. Explore the integrations Discover our API My company, SparkToro, has used Hunter to power our contact data features for years. It’s not just that we love it; it’s that our customers do. Working with Hunter is easy, the data’s great, our customers are happy; what more could you ask for? Rand Fishkin CEO at SparkToro Privacy by design Stay compliant. Hunter provides both high-quality data and compliance, so you don't have to compromise. We source our data in a transparent manner and assist you in adhering to data protection regulations. Market-leading solution 4+ million users. 4.6 on Capterra 4.4 on G2 4.8 on Trustpilot Browser extension Bring Hunter with you. Find email addresses behind the websites you're browsing with a single click. Add Hunter to Chrome 4.7 from 12,000+ reviews • 600,000+ users image/svg+xml © 2015-2024 All Rights Reserved. Hunter® is a registered trademark of Hunter Web Services, Inc. Terms Privacy Cookie preferences Security Do Not Sell My Info Product Domain Search Email Finder Email Verifier Bulk tasks Campaigns Integrations API Add-ons Chrome extension Firefox add-on Edge add-on Google Sheets add-on MailTracker TechLookup Templates Company About us Careers Our data Hunter Blog Engineering Blog Affiliate Program Press resources Support Contact us Help Center Claim Bug Bounty All Systems Operational × Add Hunter to your toolkit. More than 4,000,000 professionals use Hunter to build more connections and grow their business. Chrome extension — Free (12,000+ reviews) Add to Chrome (It's free) We use cookies We use cookies to analyze how Hunter's website is used and personalize your experience. Learn more Manage Opt-out Accept all Cookies preferences Select the categories of cookies you would like to allow. Necessary cookies Always active Cookies needed for the website to work properly. For example, we use cookies for the authentication, to fight fraud, or to save the selected language. Product & Analytics Accept product and analytics cookies Cookies that help us better understand how you use the website and personalize your experience. For example, cookies help us discover recurring visits or past actions in the product. Advertising Accept advertising cookies We use cookies with third-parties to deliver personalised offers to audiences that have been using the website. Cancel Save settings