Tilde | Language technologies Skip to main content Menu × Language technologies for a connected world Cross language barriers and reach global audiences with Tilde's award-winning language technology, translation and localization services. Translate Transcribe Machine Translation Get fast, fluent, and secure translations of text, documents and websites with just a click of a button. Learn more AI-powered Chatbots Interact with users in any language with our innovative virtual assistants and conversational agents. Learn more Speech Transcription Convert speech to text from pre-recorded audio and video files or live recordings. Learn more Website Translator Automatically translate your web content and reach global audiences with a multilingual website. Learn more Meeting Assistant Enable efficient multilingual meetings with real-time translation, automatic transcription and notes. Learn more Translation & Localization World-class localization services for any industry – IT, telecom, automotive, life sciences, and many more. Learn more See all products TILDE TRANSLATOR Our translator supports a wide range of languages, both large and small Not all languages are alike. Though larger languages enjoy widespread support from language technology, smaller languages are overlooked. To ensure that Europe’s languages are given equal treatment, we focus on complex and highly inflected languages. Try our machine translator ...or get Tilde Translator for your phone. Android Apple Our clients Organizations across the world rely on Tilde to enable multilingual communication Localization companies, multinational corporations, and public administrations use Tilde’s services to cross language barriers in their everyday work. See our showcase News What’s new at Tilde February 27, 2024Translation mistakes that make you “lose it” on the wayThe complex nature of localisation is so well known that “loRead more... February 7, 2024Tilde, President of Latvia Edgars Rinkēvičs, and Maltese Minister Owen Bonnici engage in discussions on digital tools for the languages of small countries Ċentru tal-Ilsien Malti (The Centre of the Maltese Language) organised a discussion session on digital tools tailored for the languages of Read more... December 27, 2023AI, don't f*#$ up my name! Language is personal.We’re all used to language technologies helping us in everyday activities, but what about those times when they fail?Read more... All news Your region International Latvia Lithuania Estonia Footer menu Products & Services Machine Translation Terminology Services Professional Localization Multilingual Fonts Virtual Assistants Data Library Solutions for Baltic Languages E-services for Developers Research Research Areas Researchers Projects Publications Showcase About Tilde Cooperation Careers News Privacy Policy Contact Us For Developers Machine Translation API Terminology API Integrated Solutions API Machine Translation Plugins Tilde 2021, All rights reserved, Terms of Use