Fitness Gym in Lakeville, Minnesota | Personal Fitness Trainer (952) 522-2462 E-mail now Home About Us Why Choose Puravida Fitness Services 1:1 Personal Fitness Training Group Fitness Training Nutrition Coaching Online Fitness Training Semi Private Training Community Burnsville Prior Lake ELlko New Market Savage Apple Valley Farmington Eagan Our Team Gallery & Testimonials FAQ Reviews Blog Contact Us (952) 522-2462 E-mail now Our mission is to TRANSFORM 50 LIVES in 2023 We want YOU to be one of them! Contact us to START YOUR TRANSFORMATION Puravida Fitness Fitness Gym in Lakeville, Minnesota We have fitness trainers whose schedules, specialties, and personalities can match up with yours. Whether you are recovering from a serious injury or are brand new to exercise, we work with all levels of fitness. Through our coaching and training, we assure results with structure, accountability, and progressions. Contact Puravida Fitness - Personal Fitness Trainer in Lakeville, Minnesota About Puravida Fitness Personal Fitness Trainer in Lakeville, Minnesota Erik Peacock founded Puravida Fitness in 2005 with the vision of helping people transform their bodies and their lives. He has over 25 years of personal training experience and has developed a team of all-star trainers with a combined experience of 32 years working clients and are all excellent at getting results... Read More Fitness Services Gym & Health Club in Lakeville Minnesota We offer 1:1 Personal Fitness Training, Group Fitness Training, Nutrition Coaching, and Online Fitness Training. We have people attending Fitness Classes at our Gym from Lakeville, Burnsville, Apple Valley, Prior Lake, Savage, Farmington, Elko New Market, Eagan, and the surrounding areas. Learn More 1:1 Personal Fitness Training Group Fitness Training Nutrition Coaching Online Fitness Training Latest Blog Posts By Lakeville Personal Fitness Trainer If the Queen Isn't Happy, No One Is Author: Puravida Fitness Moms have a tendency to put everyone else's needs before their own. At some point along the way, my m… Click here to read the full article 3 Ways To Get Out Of The "Valley Of Darkness" Author: Puravida Fitness The other day I woke up in a dark fog. I felt depressed, hopeless, and had zero motivation to get up and get my day g… Click here to read the full article View all Posts Whether you are recovering from serious injury or are brand new to exercise, we work with all levels of fitness Contact Puravida Fitness Gym in Lakeville, Minnesota Mon- Thu 06:00 am - 06:00 pm Fri: 06:00 am - 05:00 pm Sat By Appointment, Sun: Closed Call Now Our personal trainers service the following communities: Apple Valley, Burnsville, Lakeville, Prior Lake, Elko New Market, Farmington, Eagan and Savage. Fill out the form below to set up a FREE TRANSFORMATION Session where we will help you discover how to transform your body and your life!! Form Introductory Text First Name* Last Name* Email* Contact Number ✓ Valid Your Organization (if any) Message Submit × The Puravida Experience Top Links Home About Us Why Choose Puravida Fitness Services Community Our Team Gallery & Testimonials FAQ Reviews Blog Contact Us Privacy Policy Follow Us Subscribe Sign up if you would like to receive our newsletter GO Contact Us 10551 165TH ST W Lakeville, Minnesota 55044 (952) 522-2462 info@puravidafitness.com © 2024 Puravida Fitness. Powered By Webware.io Home About Us Why Choose Puravida Fitness Services Services 1:1 Personal Fitness Training Group Fitness Training Nutrition Coaching Online Fitness Training Semi Private Training Community Community Burnsville Prior Lake ELlko New Market Savage Apple Valley Farmington Eagan Our Team Gallery & Testimonials FAQ Reviews Blog Contact Us