The Impulsive Buy - Junk Food and Fast Food Reviews and News Blog Skip to main content The Impulsive Buy Toggle navigation Recent Reviews Fast Food Reviews Cereal Reviews Spotted Search SPOTTED: Dirt Cake Oreo Cookies March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 Marvo Leave a comment If Oreo can put popping candy in the creme, why can’t it put gummy candy in the creme? (Spotted by Sage G at Walmart.) If you’re out shopping and see new products, snap a picture of them, and send them in via an email ([email protected]) with where you found them and “Spotted” in the subject line. Also, if you want to send in photos and are wondering if we’ve already covered something or if they’re new, don’t worry about it. Let us worry about it. SPOTTED: Noosa Delights March 5, 2024March 4, 2024 Marvo Leave a comment There are also Strawberry Cheesecake and Coconut Cream Pie flavors. (Spotted by Amanda Y at Central Market.) If you’re out shopping and see new products, snap a picture of them, and send them in via an email ([email protected]) with where you found them and “Spotted” in the subject line. Also, if you want to send in photos and are wondering if we’ve already covered something or if they’re new, don’t worry about it. Let us worry about it. REVIEW: KFC Chizza March 5, 2024March 4, 2024 Jenna 1 Comment Junk food history lesson incoming: the U.S. is just the latest stop on Chizza’s world tour. KFC’s fried chicken/pizza hybrid debuted in the Philippines in 2015 and has appeared in several other countries since. For those of us who are encountering this limited-edition item for the first time, though, it is sure to inspire many questions, such as “How is it pronounced?” (I’ve heard “cheese-uh” but I’m partial to “cheat-za”) and “Isn’t it more similar to chicken parmesan than pizza?” (sure, but “Kentucky Fried Chicken Parmesan” wouldn’t sound as catchy). Of course, the most important question is, “Is it any good?” My answer: it’s Chizz-amazing. Unaware that it came in different sizes, I was caught off guard when the employee taking my order asked if I wanted a full or half order, but it all made sense when, after perplexedly opting for the full, I opened the box and was greeted by two massive fillets. An unsatisfying portion is a common reason for me to deduct points, but Chizza is in no danger of getting dinged in that regard. Even from under its dense coating of mozzarella, marinara sauce, and pepperoni, I could tell how plump and juicy the abundance of chicken was. And promisingly, the toppings were applied so generously that, for perhaps the first time in my reviewing career, my meal looked just like the one in the promotional pictures (even down to the barely melted strands of shredded cheese). As a born-and-bred New Yorker, I’d never usually eat pizza with a fork and knife, but this was a special occasion—and this steamy, saucy behemoth was absolutely not finger food—so I cut right in and was rewarded with a beautiful bite. Unsurprisingly, the chicken was pitch-perfect, succulent on the inside, and perfectly seasoned and crisped on the outside, but it shared its spotlight with the pizza ingredients quite magnanimously. On their own, they weren’t especially special — the cheese was slightly chalky, the herby flavor of the sauce was more of an aftertaste, and the surprisingly hot pepperoni was otherwise pretty straightforward — but mingling in one mouthful with that charming chicken, they came together to create the perfect proportions of savory, salty, and spicy. I had been thrilled to try Chizza for the novelty appeal, but I hadn’t expected to genuinely love it. I think it worked so well because of how tender my chicken was. Fast food can be hit or miss, and if you happen to get unlucky with dry chicken, I can see this being a real slog. But since I was blessed with such a solid foundation, the toppings could really only enhance it. At that, they did a wonderful job. Aside from a lame duck piece of chicken, the only other big complaint I can imagine is the fact that, unlike most other offerings from KFC, this one’s not easily portable. But I think even the most diehard on-the-go-eater would be wise to stop and smell the pepperoni; no matter how you slice it (or pronounce it), Chizza is worth sitting down for. Purchased Price: $10.88 Size: Regular Rating: 8 out of 10 Nutrition Facts: 820 calories, 47 grams of fat, 12 grams of saturated fat, 0 grams of trans fat, 195 milligrams of cholesterol, 2250 milligrams of sodium, 33 grams of carbohydrates, 3 grams of fiber, 6 grams of sugar, and 66 grams of protein. SPOTTED: 3/5/2024 March 5, 2024March 4, 2024 Marvo Leave a comment Here are some interesting new products found on store shelves by your fellow readers. If you’ve tried any of them, share your thoughts in the comments. Trader Joe’s Strawberry Overnight Oats Trader Joe’s Peas and Carrots Sour Gummy Candies (Spotted by Sarah R at Trader Joe’s.) Member’s Mark Kettle Cooked Cookie Clusters (Spotted by Robbie at Sam’s Club.) Enlightened Fudge Brownie Greek Yogurt Bars Enlightened Kookie Dough Greek Yogurt Bars (Spotted by Sarah R at Sprouts.) Gelato Boy Blood Orange Sorbet Gelato Boy Berry Crumble Gelato (Spotted by Sarah R at Sprouts.) Alec’s Triple Chocolate Blackout Cookie Ice Cream Alec’s Meyer Lemon Cookie Ice Cream (Spotted by Sarah R at Sprouts.) If you’re out shopping and see new products, snap a picture of them, and send them in via an email ([email protected]) with where you found them and “Spotted” in the subject line. Also, if you want to send in photos and are wondering if we’ve already covered something or if they’re new, don’t worry about it. Let us worry about it. SPOTTED: Herr’s Kettle Cooked Honey Jalapeno Potato Chips March 4, 2024March 3, 2024 Marvo Leave a comment More spicy honey products, please! (Spotted by James C at Weis Markets.) If you’re out shopping and see new products, snap a picture of them, and send them in via an email ([email protected]) with where you found them and “Spotted” in the subject line. Also, if you want to send in photos and are wondering if we’ve already covered something or if they’re new, don’t worry about it. Let us worry about it. Posts navigation 1 2 … 2,543 Older posts SearchFollow Us Instagram Facebook Threads Pinterest YouTube RSS Feed Popular Posts REVIEW: Coca-Cola Spiced REVIEW: McDonald’s Savory Chili WcDonald’s Sauce REVIEW: Ben & Jerry's Marshmallow Sky Ice Cream REVIEW: Dunkin' Breakfast Empanada REVIEW: KFC Chizza SPOTTED: Heinz Pickle Ketchup SPOTTED: 3/4/2024 REVIEW: Monster Rio Punch Energy Juice REVIEW: Taco Bell Cheesy Chicken Crispanada REVIEW: Wendy's Grilled Chicken Cobb Salad ListsDairy Queen Blizzard of the Month List Oreo Cookie Flavors List Baskin-Robbins Flavor of the Month List Tate’s Bake Shop Flavors List Do Not Sell My Personal Info Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy BasicAbout Contact Privacy Policy RSS The Impulsive Buy 2004-2017 All rights reserved. Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress