News - The Atlantic Skip to content Sign in My Account Subscribe Quick Links Dear Therapist Crossword Puzzle Manage Subscription Popular Latest Sections Politics Ideas Photo Science Culture Podcasts Health Education Planet Technology Family Projects America In Person Global Events Books Fiction Newsletter The Atlantic Crossword Play Crossword The Print Edition Latest Issue Past Issues Give a Gift Search The Atlantic Quick Links Dear Therapist Crossword Puzzle Manage Subscription Popular Latest Sign In My Account Subscribe News Hatem Ali / AP Images of the Mass Kidnapping of Israelis by Hamas Human-rights groups are collecting evidence of war crimes by Hamas terrorists against Israeli civilians. October 9, 2023 Charlie Riedel / AP Biden Won Big With a Bad Hand Relative to its strength in Congress, the Biden administration has proved outstandingly successful. David Frum December 22, 2021 Anna Moneymaker / Getty How Do Democrats Recover From This? Here are five ways in which they could salvage their election chances. Elaine Godfrey December 21, 2021 Adriana Zehbrauskas for The Atlantic Trump’s Big Border Wall Is Now a Pile of Rusting Steel Worth at least a quarter billion dollars, the steel bollards are a relic of the Trump era. John B. Washington December 20, 2021 Anna Moneymaker / Getty What Joe Manchin’s ‘No’ Means for Biden’s Agenda Build Back Better looks dead. Can Democrats rebuild it? Russell Berman December 19, 2021 Anna Moneymaker / Getty If Democrats Can Lose in Virginia, They Can Lose Almost Anywhere Led by a candidate who neither repudiated nor embraced Trump, the GOP sweeps to victory. Elaine Godfrey and Russell Berman November 3, 2021 Courtesy of Arabella Advisors; The Atlantic The Massive Progressive Dark-Money Group You’ve Never Heard Of Over the past half decade, Democrats have quietly pulled ahead of Republicans in untraceable political spending. One group helped make it happen. Emma Green November 2, 2021 The Atlantic The Simplest Fix to America’s Rent Problem The country’s voucher-focused help for American renters is mired in red tape, and many landlords opt out. Would cash work better? Rachel M. Cohen October 20, 2021 Samuel Corum / Getty Kyrsten Sinema Isn’t Hitting the Panic Button The senator from Arizona doesn’t seem rattled by progressives’ threats to primary her—and it’s not clear she should be. Elaine Godfrey October 20, 2021 H. Armstrong Roberts / ClassicStock / Getty; The … The New Question Haunting Adoption At a glance, America’s shortage of adoptable babies may seem like a problem. But is adoption meant to provide babies for families, or families for babies? Olga Khazan October 19, 2021 Sgt. Kaden D. Pitt / U.S. Army / … The Hypocrisy of the Anti-vax Patriot Stopping the spread of COVID-19 is a great way to help U.S. military families. Julie Bogen October 14, 2021 Adam Maida / The Atlantic The Abortion Backup Plan No One Is Talking About Even in states with the strictest abortion laws, pregnant people have a safe, inexpensive option to terminate their pregnancies. But few know about it. Olga Khazan October 12, 2021 Chip Somodevilla / Getty; The Atlantic The House of Representatives Is Failing American Democracy By fleeing to the political extremes, a co-equal House of Congress is abdicating its lawmaking power. Daniel Lipinski October 11, 2021 Evan Vucci / AP Is There Another Reason Biden Likes Boosters? Scientists can’t agree on the benefits of boosters for young people. But economically, psychologically, and politically, boosters can do a lot. Olga Khazan October 6, 2021 KC McGinnis for The Atlantic What We Lost When Gannett Came to Town We don’t often talk about how a paper’s collapse makes people feel: less connected, more alone. Elaine Godfrey October 5, 2021 The Atlantic The Myth That Democracies Bungled the Pandemic The argument that authoritarian governments outperform democracies in a crisis has found new life during the coronavirus pandemic. The data tell a different story. Justin Esarey October 4, 2021 Ryan Williams; The Atlantic The Conservatives Dreading—And Preparing for—Civil War A faction of the right believes America has been riven into two countries. The Claremont Institute is building the intellectual architecture for whatever comes next. Emma Green October 1, 2021 Stefani Reynolds / Bloomberg / Getty Transforming America With a One-Vote Majority Joe Biden’s economic plan is stalled in Congress because the warring wings of his party aren’t yet desperate enough to compromise. They could be soon. Russell Berman September 30, 2021 Chip Somodevilla / Getty; The Atlantic Rubio: I’m Not Sure We’re Better Off Than We Were Under Trump The Florida senator isn’t convinced that the current administration is doing better than the last. Morgan Ome September 30, 2021 Justin Sullivan / John Moore / St. Louis … Trump May Not Have to Steal 2024 The former president could still win fair and square if Biden lets these five problems spiral. David Frum September 28, 2021 More Stories About Our History Careers Contact Help Center Contact Us Atlantic Brand Partners Press Podcasts The Experiment Floodlines How to Build a Happy Life The Review Subscription Purchase Give a Gift Manage Subscription Download iOS App Newsletters Follow Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Advertising Guidelines Terms Conditions Responsible Disclosure Site Map TheAtlantic.com Copyright (c) 2024 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.