JSTOR Daily Homepage - JSTOR Daily Skip to content from JSTOR, nonprofit library for the intellectually curious Newsletters Become a member Membership About JSTOR Daily Support JSTOR Daily The JSTOR Daily Sleuth Newsletters Teaching and Learning Resources from JSTOR Daily Reading Lists Syllabi Columns Annotations Teaching with Reveal Digital’s American Prison Newspapers Collection Arts & Culture Art & Art History Film & Media Language & Literature Performing Arts Business & Economics Business Economics Politics & History Politics & Government U.S. History World History Social History Quirky History Science & Technology Health Natural Science Plants & Animals Sustainability & The Environment Technology Education & Society Education Lifestyle Religion Social Sciences Shared Collections on JSTOR Contact The Editors Conversations on Intellectual Humility Can Intellectual Humility Save Us from Ourselves? Intellectual humility is defined as a willingness to admit you’re wrong. It could be just the idea for our self-righteous times. Cabinet of Curiosities Bundling: An Old Tradition on New Ground Common in colonial New England, bundling allowed a suitor to spend a night in bed with his sweetheart—while her parents slept in the next room. Reading Lists Chicanx Studies: A Foundational Reading List The field of Chicanx studies continues to expand, embracing analyses of racialization, gender, sexuality, Indigineity, and trans-ethnic identity. In the Limelight PG-13: Some Material May Be Inappropriate The creation of the PG-13 rating in 1984 can be traced to a few key films: Poltergeist, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Gremlins. Plant of the Month Camellia sinensis: Labor and the Tea Plant Consumed as tea around the world, Camellia sinensis raises questions about plantation labor practices and the environmental impact of monocultures. Most Recent Arts & Culture Chinese Science Fiction Before The Three Body Problem Viewing the genre as a means to spread modern knowledge, Chinese novelists have been writing science-fiction stories since at least 1902. Suggested Readings Shogun, Evolving Eyes, and a Feast of Drunkenness Well-researched stories from Smithsonian Magazine, Atlas Obscura, and other great publications that bridge the gap between news and scholarship. More Stories Cabinet of Curiosities Bundling: An Old Tradition on New Ground Common in colonial New England, bundling allowed a suitor to spend a night in bed with his sweetheart—while her parents slept in the next room. Reading Lists Chicanx Studies: A Foundational Reading List The field of Chicanx studies continues to expand, embracing analyses of racialization, gender, sexuality, Indigineity, and trans-ethnic identity. In the Limelight PG-13: Some Material May Be Inappropriate The creation of the PG-13 rating in 1984 can be traced to a few key films: Poltergeist, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Gremlins. Plant of the Month Camellia sinensis: Labor and the Tea Plant Consumed as tea around the world, Camellia sinensis raises questions about plantation labor practices and the environmental impact of monocultures. Newsletter Get your fix of JSTOR Daily’s best stories in your inbox each Thursday. Privacy Policy Contact Us You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the provided link on any marketing message. Δ Trending Reading Lists Racist Humor: Exploratory Readings An introduction to the history and theory of racist humor and the social role it plays in Western societies. Education & Society Why Does the Bible Forbid Tattoos? And have we been misinterpreting Leviticus? Politics & History The Devastation of Black Wall Street Tulsa, Oklahoma. 1921. A wave of racial violence destroys an affluent African-American community, seen as a threat to white-dominated American capitalism. Long Reads Public Intellectuals Historian J.T. Roane Explores Black Ecologies Considerations of climate change and environmentalism have for too long paid no mind to where Black people live and in what conditions. Politics & History Island in the Potomac Steps from Georgetown, a memorial to Teddy Roosevelt stands amid ghosts of previous inhabitants: the Nacotchtank, colonist enslavers, and the emancipated. American Prison Newspapers 1880-2020 The Cost of Inflation in Prison In prisons across the country, the long history of legal forced labor intersects with present-day inflation. Arts & Culture Willie Mae Thornton Deserves Your Full Attention In a meditative new biography, DJ and scholar Lynnée Denise examines the mysteries and trials in the life of the legendary performer. Editors' Picks Arts & Culture Can Intellectual Humility Save Us from Ourselves? Intellectual humility is defined as a willingness to admit you’re wrong. It could be just the idea for our self-righteous times. Education & Society Artificial Intelligence and Education: A Reading List A bibliography to help educators prepare students and themselves for a future shaped by AI—with all its opportunities and drawbacks. The San Diego Lowrider Archival Project The lessons of "low and slow." Politics & History Sport in America: A Reading List Covering the colonial era to the present, this annotated bibliography demonstrates the topical and methodological diversity of sport studies in the United States. Education & Society How to Teach with JSTOR Text Analyzer JSTOR Text Analyzer provides students with an additional resource for finding scholarly material. Quirky History Mother’s—and Others’—Milk Said to bestow strength and beauty, to purify body and soul, and to yield success and happiness, milk’s image is as adulterated as the liquid itself. Putting an End to Obscene Quackery When medical professionals joined anti-vice campaigners to censor publications about sex in the 1800s, they found themselves wielding a double-edged sword. Class and Superstition in Britain Believing in ghosts wasn’t a class marker until the 1820s, when suddenly the educated classes tried to convince the masses that these apparitions were delusions. Shared Collections on JSTOR The Tiny House Trend Began 100 Years Ago In 1924, sociologist and social reformer Caroline Bartlett Crane designed an award-winning tiny home in Kalamazoo, Michigan. On Harvests and Histories Almanacs from the Civil War era reveal how two sides of an embattled nation used data from the natural world to legitimize their claims to statehood. Maps, Power, and Identity The Ancient East Asian Maps Collection at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology demonstrates the power held and discursive work done by mapmakers. Syllabus A True Crime Syllabus How did we become so obsessed with “true crime”? This multidisciplinary syllabus shows how we view crime as a whole and how those views have changed over time. Israel and Gaza: A Syllabus of Background Readings How can we help students begin to make sense of the current and recurring violence in Israel and Gaza? Celebrating Indigenous Peoples and Cultures More and more states are choosing to celebrate Indigenous Peoples' Day instead of Columbus Day. Reading Lists Ukraine, Russia, and the West: A Background Reading List Research reports and scholarly articles on the history of the Ukraine-Russia conflicts of the past and possible paths for peace. Intellectual Humility: Foundations and Key Concepts Research about intellectual humility has exploded in the past decade. Psychologist Elizabeth Krumrei-Mancuso offers an annotated bibliography of key texts. Human Remains and Museums: A Reading List Questions over their value for research conflict with the ethics of possessing the dead, especially when presenting human remains in the setting of a museum. This kind of “I don’t see race” perspective often comes from Black people who hold just enough wealth and privilege to be insulated from racism’s worst features. The Indelible Lessons of Erasure American Prison Newspapers 1880-2020 The Cost of Inflation in Prison In prisons across the country, the long history of legal forced labor intersects with present-day inflation. Slavery and the Modern-Day Prison Plantation "Except as punishment for a crime," reads the constitutional exception to abolition. In prison plantations across the United States, slavery thrives. Should Punishment Fit the Crime? Dr. Karl Menninger on the crime of punishment. Annotations “Heed Their Rising Voices”: Annotated In 1960, an ad placed in the New York Times to defend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and other civil rights activists touched off a landmark libel suit. The Fourteenth Amendment: Annotated Adopted in 1868, the Fourteenth Amendment to the US Constitution addresses citizenship rights, due process, and equal protection under the law. Ulysses Obscenity Decision: Annotated In December 1933, Judge John Woolsey issued what would become one of the best known legal decisions on obscenity in United States history. Mathematics Doing Math with Intellectual Humility Math class is an opportunity to teach students both how to use conjecture to arrive at knowledge and how to learn from the logic of peers. The Mathematical Pranksters behind Nicolas Bourbaki Bourbaki was gnomic and mythical, impossible to pin down; his mathematics just the opposite: unified, unambiguous, free of human idiosyncrasy. The Physics of Karate A human hand has the power to split wooden planks and demolish concrete blocks. A trio of physicists investigated why this feat doesn't shatter our bones. Sustainability & The Environment Grilling the Globe Could meat taxes help to curb over-consumption of beef and mitigate climate change? Divest or Invest? A Climate Change Question Divestment from fossil fuel corporations is a common call of climate activists, but divesting could be counterproductive to efforts combating climate change. Is the COP28 Climate Deal Enough? The agreement mandates a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions created by burning fossil fuels and formally adopts a climate loss and damage fund. Get Our Newsletter Get your fix of JSTOR Daily’s best stories in your inbox each Thursday. Privacy Policy Contact Us You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the provided link on any marketing message. Δ Support JSTOR Daily Help us keep publishing stories that provide scholarly context to the news. Become a member About UsJSTOR Daily provides context for current events using scholarship found in JSTOR, a digital library of academic journals, books, and other material. We publish articles grounded in peer-reviewed research and provide free access to that research for all of our readers. About JSTOR Daily Contact The Editors Masthead Newsletters Submission Guidelines Unsubscribe The JSTOR Daily Sleuth Support JSTOR Daily on Patreon Teaching and Learning Resources Inquire about Advertising and Donations American Prison Newspapers RSS JSTOR.org Terms and Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Accessibility JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit organization helping the academic community use digital technologies to preserve the scholarly record and to advance research and teaching in sustainable ways. © ITHAKA. All Rights Reserved. JSTOR®, the JSTOR logo, and ITHAKA® are registered trademarks of ITHAKA.