Frommer's Travel Guides: Trip Ideas, Inspiration & Deals facebook twitter flipboard instagrame Register Destinations Best Places to Go in 2024 All Regions Asia Australia & South Pacific Caribbean & Atlantic Central & South America Europe Middle East & Africa North America Mexico USA Canada Top Picks Paris Washington, D.C. Rome San Francisco Miami New York City Las Vegas Los Angeles Hong Kong London The Best of the Caribbean The Best of Mexico Cruise Inspiration: Top Picks All Destinations » Trip Ideas California Road Trip Guides Arts & Culture Beach & Water Sports Cruise Local Experiences Food & Drink Outdoor & Adventure Road Trips National Parks Winter Sports Travelers with Disabilities Family & Kids LGBT Honeymoons Senior Single Student Women All Slideshows The Best of the Caribbean The Best of Mexico Cruise Inspiration: Top Picks All Trip Ideas » Deals & Bookings Cruise News: How to Pick the Best Cruise Itinerary Hotel Deals Vacations Cruises Car Rentals Flight Alerts Book Hotels Tips & News How to Craft the Perfect Itinerary for Any Destination Air Travel Credit Cards & Loyalty Points Cruise News Entry Requirements & Customs Car, Bus, Rail News Money & Fees Health, Insurance, Security Hotel News Packing & Luggage Packages Blogs -Arthur Frommer Online -Passportable All Slideshows FAQs Store All Tips & News » Special Features Alaska Made Easy:Ideas, Packages, Routes Road Trip Guides Alaska Made Easy Great Vacation Ideas in the U.S.A. Best of the Caribbean Best of Mexico Cruise Inspiration Travel Show Podcasts Our Bookstore Podcasts Bookstore Best Places to Go 2024 Thank you for subscribing! Got it! Thank you! Your account has been confirmed! Thank you! Countries That Drive on the Left Side: The Complete List Drinking Laws in Spain That Tourists Should Know How to File a Government Complaint Against Any Travel Company What You Get on Cruises' Concierge Levels A Day on California's Central Coast: Calm Waters and Clifftop Views Is This Disney's Biggest Rip-Off Ever? Tipping in Mexico: A Guide for Resorts and Restaurants See Pauline Frommer at the Travel & Adventure Show in Dallas Countries That Drive on the Left Side: The Complete List Drinking Laws in Spain That Tourists Should Know How to File a Government Complaint Against Any Travel Company What You Get on Cruises' Concierge Levels A Day on California's Central Coast: Calm Waters and Clifftop Views Is This Disney's Biggest Rip-Off Ever? Tipping in Mexico: A Guide for Resorts and Restaurants See Pauline Frommer at the Travel & Adventure Show in Dallas Arthur Frommer Online Disney World Introduces a Slew of Consumer-Unfriendly Changes A Two-Fer Trip to New Zealand and Tahiti, with Hotels, That Costs the Same As... No, That Norwegian Cruise Line Ship Never Had Cholera Aboard Why Digging Holes at the Beach Is So Dangerous, Especially for Kids Now JetBlue Has Hiked Bag Fees, Too—Quietly and by a Lot Hornblower in Chapter 11: American Queen Shuts Down, More Tourism Icons at Risk American Airlines Raises Bag Fees, Will Ban Some Booking Sites from Points El... 'One Day' Filming Locations: Where in the UK and Europe the Hit Netflix Serie... View all advertisement advertisement Store More » Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Passportable Planning a European Road Trip? The Safest and Most Dangerous Countries for Dr... $99 Deal Alert! Cheap Flights to Amsterdam, Other European Cities on Sale for... Disney World to Give Free Water Park Tickets in 2025! But There's a Big Catch United Airlines, Matching Its Competition, Hikes Checked Bag Fees Find Out How Your Airport Will Spend Its Share of $1 Billion in White House G... Flights to Ireland Plus a Car for a Week for Just $599! How Is It Possible? More Trouble for American Queen Voyages: Now Agents Are Boycotting It Camping at Woodstock Festival Site Now an Option—Minus the Mud and Bad Acid (... View all Trip Ideas Cruise Dining Hacks: 10 Tips and Tricks Mexico's Drinking Laws That Tourists Should Know Nude Beach Etiquette: 7 Rules for First-Timers The Best Spots in Las Vegas for Viewing the Sphere The Scottish Castle from Peacock's 'The Traitors' How to Bid on a Better Seat in an Airline Auction What Are “Manager’s Special” Rates for Rental Cars? When to Go to the Airport if Your Flight Is Delayed View All Get Inspired for Your Next Vacation Day Trips from New York City: The Top 12 OptionsNew York City is a great jumping-off point for day-long visits to some of the most appealing sights on the eastern seaboard. Here are a dozen faves. Read more > Our 2024 Ranking of Hotel Booking SitesDozens of hotel search engines promise the cheapest prices. We test-drove them in search of the best.Read more > The Best Websites for Finding Airfare in 2024Frommer's put flight search engines to the test—which websites find cheap flights with the easiest itineraries?Read more > What It's Like to Fly with Norse Atlantic Airways: Our ReviewPauline Frommer's review of a flight on the relatively new, and very inexpensive, Norse Atlantic AirwaysRead more > advertisement Subscribe to Frommers.com For the latest tips and deals, sign up for our free newsletter Subscribe I want to receive travel news, trip ideas, and special offers from Frommer’s and its marketing partners. I have read Frommer Media’s Privacy Notice. Great Vacation Ideas for Travelers Over 60Travel tops the to-do lists of most people of retirement age and older—but where to go? We've got 10 ideas for senior travelers of every budget and level of physical ability.Read more > Redwood Trees: Where to Find Them & Camp Under ThemRedwood National and State Parks and the Avenue of the Giants are the best places to see California's magnificent redwood trees. Here's a deep dive into how to plan a vacation that includes both areas.Read more > The Caribbean's Best Snorkeling SpotsThe Caribbean's choicest spots for snorkelingRead more > For the latest tips and deals, sign up for our free newsletter Subscribe Yes, I would like to sign up. Regions Asia Australia & South Pacific Caribbean & Atlantic Central & South America Europe Middle East & Africa North America United States Top Picks New York City Paris Las Vegas Washington, D.C. Los Angeles Rome Hong Kong San Francisco Trip Ideas Arts & Culture Beach & Water Sports Cruise Local Experiences Food & Drink Outdoor & Adventure Road Trips National Parks Winter Sports Travelers with Disabilities Family & Kids LGBT Honeymoons Senior Single Student Women Deals & Bookings Car Rentals Cruises Flight Alerts Hotel Deals Vacations Tips & News Money & Currency Health & Travel Insurance Entry Requirements & Customs Packing Tips Credit Cards & Loyalty Points Store Day by Day EasyGuide Complete Guide Specialty Book Shortcut Guides © 2024 FrommerMedia LLC All rights reserved. About Contact Us FAQ Help Site Map Press Room Privacy Notice Terms of Service Loading... Frommer's, and carefully selected third parties, use cookies on this site to improve performance, for analytics and for advertising. By browsing this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. For more information see our Cookie Policy. I accept Destinations All Regions Asia Australia & South Pacific Caribbean & Atlantic Central & South America Europe Middle East & Africa North America Mexico USA Canada Top Picks Paris Washington, D.C. Rome San Francisco Miami New York City Las Vegas Los Angeles Hong Kong London Trip Ideas Arts & Culture Beach & Water Sports Cruise Local Experiences Food & Drink Outdoor & Adventure Road Trips National Parks Winter Sports Travelers with Disabilities Family & Kids LGBT Honeymoons Senior Single Student Women All Slideshows Deals & Bookings Hotel Deals Vacations Cruises Car Rentals Flight Alerts Tips & News Air Travel Credit Cards & Loyalty Points Cruise News Entry Requirements & Customs Car, Bus, Rail News Money & Fees Health, Insurance, Security Hotel News Packing & Luggage Packages Blogs -Arthur Frommer Online -Passportable All Slideshows Special Features Road Trip Guides Alaska Made Easy Great Vacation Ideas in the U.S.A. Best of the Caribbean Best of Mexico Cruise Inspiration Podcasts Bookstore Best Places to Go 2024