Text Message Marketing Platform & SMS Service | SimpleTexting Try It Free Product Product Platform Why SimpleTexting? A-to-Z Product Demo Watch an on-demand demo Features 35+ easy-to-use features Integrations Connect to 1,000+ apps Compare Us How we stack up against alternatives Services Built for companies big and small Business Texting Franchise Texting Enterprise Texting Number Types How we do it Local Number Texting Text-to-Landline Toll-Free Texting Dedicated Short Codes Reviews Learn why thousands of business owners choose SimpleTexting to reach their customers. LEARN MORE Solutions Solutions By industry Businesses that love us Franchises Restaurants E-commerce and Retail Healthcare Education and Schools Real Estate Home Services Non-Profit Government Marketing Agency Explore all industries By use case What they use us for Mass Texting Automated Text Messaging Group Texting Text Blasts Lead Generation Bulk SMS Explore all solutions By feature Their favorite SMS tools Two-Way Text Messaging Text-to-Vote Autoresponders Scheduled Texts Keywords Text-to-Win Data Collection AI AssistNEW! Text-to-Join BCC Text Messaging Explore all features Why SimpleTexting See if we're the right fit for your needs. Discover what sets SimpleTexting apart from other texting services. LEARN MORE Resources Resources Education Learn more about text marketing Blog SMS Marketing Hub SMS Compliance Guide Industry SMS Guides Success Stories Videos Support Customer & partner resources Help Center Contact Us SMS Affiliate Program Tools Free interactive tools to work faster Text Message Generator Text Marketing Plan Builder Keyword Graphic Generator Click-to-Text Button Mobile Signup Widget SMS Templates Industries Educational guides by industry Car Dealerships E-commerce Education Events Fitness Healthcare Non-Profits Real Estate Religious Groups Restaurants Retail Pricing Log In Book a Demo Try It Free Call Us Text Us Book a Demo Moving from Zipwhip? Find out how we'll help you make a smooth transition. Explore our solutions. A texting service designed to help small businesses win Everyone reads their texts. We help you send them. Reach large groups with SMS marketing or connect one-on-one with two-way messaging. Start Texting Free No credit card required Book a Demo 10+ years in business. 17,000+ paying customers. Billions of texts delivered. SEE CASE STUDIES See what SimpleTexting can do WATCH VIDEO Everything you need to start texting Start with a new number or connect your landline to see everything you can do with texting. SMS marketing is just the beginning. EXPLORE ALL FEATURES Import your audience or build one with opt-in tools Already have contacts and permission to text them? Great. If not, we've got you covered with all the tools you need to collect phone numbers. From website popups to text-to-join keywords, it's easy to build your list. Drive sales, replies, clicks, and more with text blasts If you have a message that you don't want to be ignored, an SMS marketing campaign is the way to go. Whether you need to reach 50 customers or 50,000, you can send targeted text blasts with the click of a button. You can even receive replies, if you'd like. They'll go right to your inbox. Connect with customers using two-way texting No more voicemails, unread emails, or company texts on your personal phone. Use our platform to have back-and-forth conversations using SMS. With features like templates, auto-replies, scheduled messages, you'll wonder how you lived without it. Set up automatic texts that send at the perfect moment SimpleTexting can help you send automated welcome messages, out-of-office texts, or even complex behavior-based texts. With built-in automation features and API access on all plans, we make SMS marketing automation available to all. Texting can transform your business SMS is a simple channel with a big impact. See how others use it. Joe sped up registration by 50% Parents were waiting until the last minute to register their students for sports. That changed when Joe started sending texts. Check it out April increased event attendance When turn out was low at their job fairs, Workforce Solutions for the Heart of Texas added text reminders. Get the scoop +162% Blue Baker increased coupon redemptions by 162% with SMS Wait really? Lattice tripled average cart value SimpleTexting made it easy for Lattice to turn her social media following into a valuable, owned SMS list. How she did it Text marketing is so powerful, it's protected. We help you unlock it. Spam is the worst. We don't tolerate it and neither do wireless carriers. Our platform is built to help trustworthy businesses use text marketing in a compliant way. Gain approval from carriers Before you start, we help you register as an approved sender with carriers to boost your deliverability rate and sending speed. Keep customer trust with built-in compliance tools To text customers legally, permission is crucial. Our platform makes acquiring it easy and unsubscribing hassle free. Get expert guidance from humans who care We work closely with industry partners to understand the latest guidelines and ensure you're set up for success. Done-for-you automations with 1,000+ integrations Whether you need a simple contact sync or complex automation, our engineers will build it for you. No need to fiddle with flow charts or write code. See Popular Integrations Talk to Sales Support so good you'll want to tell people about it Super easy and straightforward to use, unlike other platforms out there. The cost is also great, well below what I would expect to pay from this platform. Recommend to everyone. Eric DeRonda Sales Manager at Go Amazing Energy I love how fast SimpleTexting's customer service team is! I increased my plan from 30 texts to 25,000 texts at 11:00 at night! Their platform really is amazingly simple to use! Taunee English Broker at Lions Realty Group I have had a phenomenal experience since switching over to SimpleTexting. My students receive quality communication, and I'm able to communicate directly back to them individually. Manager, Office of Student Life at Lone Star College Shalandria Jones I usually get support within 30 seconds and my issue is resolved in under a minute! SimpleTexting lets me reach our customers by text since they don't see my emails. Angela Przybyszewski Owner at King's Cross Bookstore SimpleTexting is easy, efficient, and has great customer service. It has made work and reaching out to our clients a lot easier and thus made my job more enjoyable. Becky Highsmith Owner at Highsmith CPAs The customer service has been great! The service itself is easy to manage and keeps things super simple. I love how easy it is to instantly message groups of people. Briana Johnson Owner at Idaho Nanny Agency If I had to describe SimpleTexting in three words, I would say it's very affordable and effective. And as the name implies, it's very simple to use. Toby Prussman Agent at United Country Property Solutions LLC SimpleTexting just saves us time. We can easily segment off groups who need to be reached out to and we can send multiple messages very quickly. Joshua Faller Program Manager at Just Roots Our communications are just so much more efficient. A lot of the responses come back within the first few minutes of sending out the text! David Hulme Pastor at Simpson Creek Baptist Church SimpleTexting is inexpensive for what you're getting. We would not be able to do what we're doing in student recruitment without it. Heath Waldrop Marketing Director at South Arkansas College Excellent customer service as I was setting up the account! Always answered questions quickly. The application was easy to use and I loved there were no contracts! Mary Roche President at New England Weaving Seminar This is the best messaging service that I have found. I love that we could use our landline number for texting. Plus, their customer service is personalized and excellent! Miriam Higley Media Coordinator at Child Evangelism Fellowship Providers we used in the past left us waiting for help for days. SimpleTexting has great chat support that allows us to keep our campaigns running smoothly. Brooke Kunze VP of Operations at LeadVision We use SimpleTexting to be able to reach people ASAP and have two-way conversations with them. Their customer service is knowledgeable, helpful, and easy to get a hold of! Christina Weber Founder at We Deepen Inc. SimpleTexting has accelerated my business growth 10X! I am a fan of the user interface, the live chat support, the ability to organize my contacts into separate lists. Drew Shane Owner at Shane Enterprises LLC It was very easy to set up autoresponders and send campaigns. I was impressed by how fast and friendly their customer service team was, too! Greg Becker Franchise Owner at Burgerim SimpleTexting makes scaling a text program easy for any business. Their support is fabulous! I love that you can scale up or scale down based on your needs. Sydney Hess Office Manager DD Ford Construction I love SimpleTexting. It definitely brings in business every time I use it. Pricing is reasonable and the customer service is top notch. Steven Clark Owner at JS Mobile Auto Detail LLC Lots of outreach for support from human beings and bots. SimpleTexting was a refreshing and navigable choice for me, given that I have NO prior experience with these platforms. Maria Dautruche Coordinator at New York Youth Justice Initiative Curious how it works? Send a text to yourself today. Our free trial lets you text your own number so you can see exactly how it works before you text your customers. Give it a go. Try It Free No credit card required Learn Blog Industry Guides SMS Marketing Hub SMS Marketing Statistics Text Marketing Benefits SMS Marketing Best Practices Text Marketing Examples SMS Message Templates Sitemap Product Pricing Features Integrations Reviews Compare Success Stories Help Center System Status Company About Us Careers Partner Program Contact Us © Copyright 2024 SimpleTexting, LLC 1615 Platte Street, Floor 2 Denver, CO 80202 Chat with us Mon-Fri 8 a.m.-12 a.m. ET Sat-Sun 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ET Call us Mon-Fri 9 a.m.-9 p.m. ET Sat-Sun 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ET (866) 259-1887 Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions 30-day Money-Back Guarantee Policy Promo Codes Terms and Conditions Data Processing Addendum Most people would agree cookies make life better. For us, they help us make our site and marketing better. But if you don’t like cookies, that’s cool – you can let us know by clicking the settings button! Allow all Cookie Settings Your Cookie Choices When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Cookie Statement Strictly Necessary Cookies (always active) These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Allow all Confirm my choices