Market leading solution for PR & Communication | Mynewsdesk Why Mynewsdesk Why Mynewsdesk AI & Mynewsdesk Our customers About us For journalists Careers PR Software PR SoftwareDiscover the features of our smart platform for PR & communication Press releasesCreate and publish press releases using AI NewsroomShowcase your news and media assets Media contactsIdentify relevant journalists for your news Media monitoringMonitor your brand using millions of sources Analysis & reportsMeasure and get insights from your PR efforts CoPilotCreate an efficient and impactful PR flow with AI Plans Resources PR Quiz Blog Guides & Templates Event & Webinars PR Awards 2023 Try our AI English Deutsch Dansk English Norsk Svenska Log in Book a demo Want access to millions of news? Click here! Get coverage with our PR Software Stay updated by monitoring your brand Use our AI to find news, draft press releases and identify journalists Prove the value of PR using our new reports Explore Mynewsdesk Trusted by leading brands across the globe Why choose Mynewsdesk? Get your story published Create and publish your press releases and news in seconds using AI and the Mynewsdesk platform. Access a database containing more than a million journalists and identify those who are most relevant to your topics. Share your content on social media or create email send-outs – directly from the platform. Create & publish your story Monitor your brand With the most user-friendly media monitoring software on the market, you can easily monitor millions of sources in real-time. Stay on top of what’s being written about your brand, your competitors, and your industry – and track trends over time. Use insights and analyses from your media monitoring to build strategies and proactively plan your PR and communication efforts. Monitor your brand Measure the effect of your PR Track your media coverage and get statistics on how your published content is performing. Through the use of AI and natural language processing, the platform will detect when your content is being picked up by the media and alert you in real-time. By measuring the PR effect of your communication, you’ll gain insights on which content provides the most impact and which media channels offer you the best chances of exposure. Measure and analyse your impact What our customers think about us Anders S. 4 May “Mynewsdesk - a perfect PR tool” User-friendly and easy to use. Works perfect – the press releases reach the journalists and get published. In addition, the employees at Mynewsdesk is a great bunch of people – very dedicated and helpful (I consider them being my colleagues). Read more John A. 25 Oct "The smoothest option out there for PR pros" Mynewsdesk combines the basic elements that you would expect of this type of service – contacts, distribution etc. But where it wins out is in its ability ot have a customised online newsroom which can be designed to look like part of your company website… Read more Christian H. 18 Feb “Easy to use and great results with good analytics follow up!” Onboarding and training to start with. It is easy to plan, develop and execute the distribution of content and to get good information about outcomes! Read more Read all reviews For journalists Find your next story Access news and press releases from more than 4000 companies and organisations worldwide in one place. Easily monitor topics, industries, and companies – and find relevant press materials and press contacts in the same platform. With Mynewsdesk, you can do your research on your own terms. To Stories Mynewsdesk in numbers 1 Million contacts in our global database 72% of our customers gets their press releases published in the media 29 000 journalists and opinion makers that subscribe to news from Mynewsdesk Tips and inspiration from our blog PR Press release examples – best practices to acquire 2024-02-29 Read more AI The psychology behind using – or not using – AI 2024-02-14 Read more PR How to write a press release 2024-01-29 Read more PR Mynewsdesk’s Annual Nordic PR Report 2024 – Insights, Innovations and Navigating Change. 2024-01-19 Read more Get started right away Set up your newsroom in 10 minutes and access 1 million contacts. Book a demo Free trial Product Press release distribution Newsroom Media monitoring Contacts & reach Analysis & insights CoPilot Mynewsdesk Why Mynewsdesk Customer Cases For journalists About us Our Newsroom Career Plans Resources Blog Guides & Templates Event & Webinars Contact us Talk to an expert Customer support Go to Stories Terms & conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter © Mynewsdesk 2024. All rights reserved. Try Mynewsdesk for free Explore the smartest PR solution on the market! Start your free trial today! Try for free for 10 days Access the full scope of our PR solution No binding period No credit card details First and last name E-mail (your company e-mail) Password Phone number Company name Choose country Germany Denmark Finland Norway Sweden United Kingdom United States --- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard & McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong SAR China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé & Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Mynewsdesk products, services, and events. I accept the terms and conditions Create my free account Learn more about how Mynewsdesk processes your personal data in the privacy policy. Please note that our terms of use apply to all our services.