Nextiva: The Connected Conversation Platform for Businesses Contact sales: (800) 799-0600 Login Sign in to Nextiva Communication Sign in to Nextiva CX NEW Support Resources Features Download (800) 799-0600 SALES / (800) 285-7995 SUPPORT Products Products Phone System Productivity Customer Experience Contact Center Social Media Management Reputation Management NextivaONE App Built-in businessapps & tools Sales Tools Service Tools Automation Call Pop Analytics Customer Journey FEATURED Contact Center Intelligent cloud contact center for customer service and engagement. Solutions MOST POPULAR NextivaONE App Call Pop Platform Admin Sales Tools Integrations Amazing Service BY NEED Voice Analytics Call Center Service Tools Intelligence Automation Service Delivery BY AUDIENCE Small Business Large Business Partners Why Nextiva Customer Stories Our customers love us. They'll tell you exactly why. Nextiva Network 99.999% uptime means your business will never miss a beat. Awards A peek inside our company, see why we're so trusted Pricing Get started Company Leadership Meet our leadership team Nextiva Cares See how we care for the community Contact Us Get help, support, or just say hello Grow Your Business | Blog & Webinars Nextiva is shaping the future of growth for all businesses. Start learning how your company can take everything to the next level. Read Blog | Watch Webinars Nextiva Blog Shaping the future of growth for all businesses Community Partners Program Learn how you can become a partner Events See our upcoming events Careers Learn about our culture and jobs More Tools Everything We Do See every product, app, and suite Business Phone Service VoIP phone service Platform Features VoIP, Live Chat, & Surveys Small Business VoIP Worry-free phone service VoIP Phones Advanced business VoIP devices Learn & Connect Support Center Access our self-help portal Guides & Tutorials Find phone and product guides What's New? Latest product updates News & Media See what people are saying about us International Calling Rates See fees for international calling Speed Test One-click VoIP readiness test System Status Uptime transparency Get started Login Sign in to Nextiva Communication Sign in to Nextiva CX NEW Support Resources Features Download (800) 799-0600 SALES / (800) 285-7995 SUPPORT Amazing relationships start with a conversation AI-driven platform for seamless, personalized customer interactions across all channels. How Contact Centers Achieve ROI in 1 Hour with Generative AI: Webinar March 6th Reserve your spot now Meet Nextiva, an AI-powered conversational platform that integrates all conversation channels, and powers personalized experiences at scale throughout the entire customer journey. Say goodbye to siloed apps and say hello to a unified customer conversation solution AI-Powered Hey! How can I help? Automate up to 90% of your interactions and eliminate 30% or more of your costs. Turn real-time insights from every conversation into results you can measure 01 Lower Operating Costs Identify and reduce key expenses and operational efficiencies in your contact center. 02 Reduce Customer Churn and Turnover Find and remove causes of customer friction. Identify and address to retain more customers. 03 Boost Sales Learn from top sellers to maximize closing rates. Transform every conversation into a learning opportunity for customer-facing teams. Explore Nextiva solutions Everything you need to communicate with customers and teams. Nextiva customer communication Learn more Everything you need for exceptional customer experiences. Nextiva AI-powered contact center Learn more Illustrations representing current and future capabilities Everything you need to sell and support on digital channels in one platform. Nextiva AI-powered digital channels Learn more Nextiva customers realize value and results quickly. “I'd say Nextiva has been a great teammate of the Spurs.” Chris Monroe, San Antonio Spurs Read the case study 21M+ Customers 40% Cost Reduction Read the case study "Our fans come first, and Nextiva enables us to have great conversations with our fans everyday." Savannah Bananas, Owner Read the case study Behind every award are millions of satisfied Nextiva users. 1 Million+ users. 100,000+ customers. Which is why the market ranks us first 4.6 /5 Based on 2000+ reviews 4.5 /5 Based on 2000+ reviews 4.5 /5 Based on 600+ reviews 4.6 /5 Based on 3000+ reviews Loved by millions, big and small. Recognized for innovation and leadership Why AI is Needed to Meet Today's Consumer Expectations Nextiva Named to Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500™ List Goldman Invest $200 Million in Nextiva at 2.7 Billion Value Nextiva’s CEO, Tomas Gorny, On His Journey of Innovation Conversations are the lifeblood of business, but workplace tech is killing them. Why the 360-degree customer view is over. Nextiva Lands $200 Million Goldman Investment How Nextiva’s founder and CEO Tomas Gorny made his first million Four Leadership Lessons from the CEO Transforming How Businesses Communicate Customer Service is More Important to Your Business’s Bottom Line Than You Think 3 Ways Startups Can Put Customer Satisfaction First Artificial Intelligence is Coming to Disrupt Customer Service – and Sooner Than You Think How to Master Excellent Customer Service Automate your business with Nextiva First name Last name Email address Phone number Company Company Size Let’s get started By clicking the button, you agree to Nextiva’s Terms & Conditions. Comments Frequently Asked Questions What is Nextiva and what can it do? Nextiva is a Connected Communications company that helps businesses grow faster. It lets people work smarter using its business VoIP phone service, video conferencing, and text messaging software. More than 100,000 companies rely on Nextiva for customer and team communication. U.S. News ranked it the best business phone system in 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023. Nextiva’s business phone software regularly tops reviewer’s lists for superior uptime and ease of use Nextiva uniquely manages all customer communications and engagement in one place to provide a truly unified view of the customer. It enhances the customer experience with sales and service tools, analytics, AI, and automation. What is Connected Communications? Nextiva has pioneered Connected Communications from the ground up to provide actionable customer insights in real time across all channels, with communications at its core. With $200M in backing from Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we’re taking that vision to every customer, everywhere. Connected Communications leverages past and present conversations to provide a seamless employee and customer experience. It addresses the dilemma created by fragmented business tools by giving a complete picture of the customer in real time with actionable information for every user. The top benefits of Connected Communications include: Increased revenue — When you anticipate customer needs, you can intelligently offer promotions and product upgrades and act on new sales opportunities. Reduced customer churn — Keep customers engaged throughout their journey, growing customer loyalty and solving causes of churn before they happen so you can maximize customer value. Boost team productivity — Minimize the busy work by automating routine tasks when handling customer issues and sales pipelines. Set automatic reminders to serve customers efficiently. Lowered costs — Trim expenses by consolidating 15+ customer support apps, eliminating data silos, and bridging divides between isolated teams. Enhanced business continuity — Stay connected to your customers and keep your teams connected with the most reliable service provider in the industry. Down communication systems means lost business. How much does Nextiva cost? Nextiva’s price plans include business functionality you need, such as unlimited calling nationwide, voicemail transcription, mobile and desktop apps, and collaboration tools. Nextiva’s cloud phone system saves business owners up to 65% over its on-premises landline predecessors. Instead of paying extra for text messaging (SMS/MMS), customer support tools, and virtual faxing, you get them included with Nextiva. Enterprise phone solutions like call centers, contact centers, and trunking vary based on the number of seats and add-ons. It costs nothing to try Nextiva. Set it up in minutes, and begin using its business communication software on iOS, Android, Windows, and macOS. How do I set up Nextiva? Nextiva is a breeze to set up for enterprises and small businesses. Every account gets personalized care to help them along the way. Once you pick your plan, add users, transfer phone numbers (or get a new business number). Then, download the NextivaONE App to your smartphone or computer, and you’re up and running! Larger organizations receive additional support in setting up bulk number porting, contact centers, data integrations, and workflow automation. Whenever your needs change, we’re ready to support you. Did we mention everyone gets unlimited live support? Swing by our support portal for FAQs, training videos, and easy-to-follow tutorials. If you have a question, reach our product experts over the phone, email, chat, or social media — anytime! We’ve designed every aspect of our beautiful admin portal to be the easiest and fastest way to manage your business phone service. How does Nextiva help companies work remotely? Nextiva lets anyone work from home and the office using its secure business communications platform. Your team can use VoIP desk phones or virtual softphones to stay in touch. Here are several features that are essential to a hybrid workforce: Cloud PBX — Manage your company’s phone service, including call routing, over an internet connection while keeping your staff productive. Conference calls — Dial in to connect multiple people from any phone line to participate in a conference call. Hold meetings even when people work remotely. Screen sharing — Deliver a live presentation to team members and customers for real-time collaboration. Team messaging — Chat with team members for a faster response than an email across any desktop or mobile device. Phone presence — See when another person is busy, on a call, on their mobile phone, or available for more efficient communication. Video meetings — Meet over a video conference using a trusted VoIP solution to add a deeper emotional connection. HD phone calls — Be heard clearly with excellent call quality. HD voice gives you twice the sound quality of an analog phone call. Unified communications — Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS) consolidates separate channels across the enterprise into a shared platform for voice, video, chat, and collaboration. CRM integrations — Even though Nextiva's virtual phone system is powerful, it integrates nicely with others using APIs. Dial contacts faster and bridge the gap between your CRM and office phone system. Toll-free phone number — Achieve a trusted, national presence with a toll-free business phone number to direct calls to your team easily. Incoming phone calls can be routed to your office phone or cell phone any way you want. Advanced features — Instantly adjust call management telephony features like call recording, call logs, on-hold music, call queues, auto attendants, call transfers, call forwarding, caller ID, and more. Can Nextiva be used by sales and support teams? Yes, Nextiva has sales and support software made for businesses of all sizes. Here are several notable features that are essential to working remotely: Sales tools: Track every deal through your sales pipeline and grow your revenue. Equip your salesforce to close deals faster. Service tools: Forge a deeper connection with customers and multiply your productivity with intelligent help desk tools that keep everyone on the same page. Contact center: Handle a high volume of inbound and outbound calls over the phone, email, and social media with ease. Launch a cloud contact center in days, not months. But that’s not all. The platform gets smarter the more you use it. Employees can see the full picture of the customer in real time. It anticipates customer needs based on their journey, experience, behaviors, and comparative insights. No matter how you sell or assist customers, you can do it with Nextiva. What makes Nextiva different? Nextiva was founded in 2006 on Amazing Service. That’s not a tagline — it’s our not-so-secret advantage no one else can beat. With $200M in backing by Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we’re tackling Connected Communications to bring customers value across communications and customer management. From the personalized onboarding support to our engineers that maintain our scalable network, every customer benefits from our obsessive focus on delivering a superior customer experience. Nextiva is so much more than a VoIP phone system. Nextiva was ahead of the curve by introducing its unified communications solution long before the UCaaS went mainstream. It has become the ultimate business communications platform that brings teams and customers closer. It surfaces actionable customer intelligence to your employees and empowers them to work from anywhere. Nextiva gives small businesses and enterprises a competitive advantage with virtual workspaces, video conferencing, mobile apps, and feature-rich cloud PBX — all in one system. Over 100,000 companies rely on Nextiva for its rock-solid reliability. You get more than just a dial tone; you get peace of mind. Our 1,200+ team members are driven to provide you with the best customer service you won’t find anywhere else. In the past year, billions of conversations took place over our network. U.S. News ranked Nextiva as the best business phone system two years in a row out of more than 20 VoIP providers. In addition, the technology review platform G2 noted that our communication platform was one of the easiest to use, making it an excellent fit for any business. Which companies use Nextiva? You probably recognize a few of our top customers: Pac-12, Taco Bell, Shelby American, Conan, Barstool Sports, and DirectBuy. Nextiva also caters to specialized small businesses. Examples include insurance agencies, healthcare providers, law firms, nonprofits, manufacturers, and many more. You also don’t need to be technical to use Nextiva. Our experts will walk you through every step of the way so you can scale your business, not scan technical manuals. (But, if you like to tinker with PBX systems, you’ll want to make us your SIP trunk provider. Our highly redundant business voice network has eight data centers throughout North America.) No matter how or where you work, Nextiva helps you stay connected to customers and teams. From startups to global brands, we’ve got you covered. Become a better business Nextiva blog Nextiva is shaping the future of growth for all businesses. Start learning how your business can take everything to the next level. Go learn Products What's New? Business Phone Service Small Business Phone System Small Business VoIP Enterprise Phone System Cloud PBX VoIP Call Center VoIP Phones Social Media Management Reputation Management Inbound Call Center All Products Community Support Forum Newsletter News & Media Partners Events Webinars Company Contact Us Leadership Board of Directors Nextiva Cares Careers - WE'RE HIRING System Status 100% Legal Privacy Policy Security Policy Accessibility Patents Sitemap Nextiva is the #1 Rated Business Phone System. Copyright 2024 Nextiva, All Rights Reserved. Hate filling out forms? Just talk to a real human. Call (800) 799-0600 Chat now "Nextiva puts all my customer data in one place. I can view account history, notes and documents from one screen. Nextiva takes the guesswork out of customer relationships." Chris Brencans, CMO On The Map Marketing We'd like to know you better so we can serve you better. We'll give you an intro to the perfect solution that fits your business. Get started on your journey to fearless growth. First name Last name Email address Phone Company Number of employees Get started By providing information in this form, you agree to Nextiva's Privacy Policy Comments Your personalized demo. What to expect: Expect specifics. Tailored exactly to your business (we do our research). Expect experts. Our product team will personally answer your questions. Expect quickness. Personalized, specific, clear, and to the point - you’re busy! Hate filling out forms? Talk to us. Call (800) 799-0600 Get started with this form Request a demo Fill in your info and we'll come prepared - spoiler, we do our research. First name Last name Email address Phone Company Number of employees Get started By providing information in this form, you agree to Nextiva's Privacy Policy. Comments Use fewer apps, get more done. Download the NextivaONE app. Desktop Mobile How can we help you? Our team is ready to answer any questions you may have. Cameron J. | with Nextiva since 2018 Allison D. | with Nextiva since 2018 Stefany V. | with Nextiva since 2018 (800) 799-0600 Chat with sales Chat with support