Firefighting Training & Fire Service News | Fire Engineering Firefighter Training Drills FDIC International Firefighting Basics Fire Service 101 Our Instructors Simulations Training Minutes Firefighting Apparatus & Equipment Building Construction Engine Company Fire Prevention & Protection Health & Safety Industrial Firefighting Leadership Truck Company Rescue Extrication Zone Fire EMS Hazmat News Industry News Firefighter Fatalities Features Commentary Humpday Hangouts Key Hose Hangouts Paul Combs Photos Podcasts Videos Webcasts Podcasts APS Radio Back Step Boys BuildingsonFire: Taking It to the Streets The Command Post Command Show The Larry Conley Show Dr. Beth Murphy Fire And Training Fire Service Court Five After Midnight Fireground Strategies First-Due Battalion Chief Hooks & Hoses In Their Own Words Main Street Firefighting The Mikey G. and Mikey D. Show The Training Officer Politics and Tactics The Professional Volunteer Fire Department Scenes of Violence Sons of the Flag Resources Certificate Request Community EMS Product Center Fire Life Fire Grants Fire Product Center Key Hose Hangouts The Rig The Station Tech Zone Wildland Firefighter Magazine Digital Editions Digital Supplements Past Issues Subscribe Submissions Search for: Login Subscribe Careers FDIC Fire Engineering Training Tech Rescue and Common Sense Leadership Is an Inside Job FDIC 2024 Preview: The Engine Company’s Guide to Large Handlines Latest News MI Industrial Fire, Multiple Explosions Send Debris Flying; One Dead A fire that destroyed a building which housed supplies for the vaping industry caused multiple explosions that killed one person. Baltimore Home Where Three Were Killed in Fire Was Unlicensed, Lacked Working Smoke Alarm Experienced Fire Manager Looks to Lead Rural Whitefish (MT) Fire Service Area Push to Demolish Burned New Orleans Building Frequented by Squatters Five Killed in Small Plane Crash Near Nashville Interstate NY Town Considering Battery Energy Storage Moratorium Production at Tesla Plant Near Berlin Halted After Suspected Arson Assistant Chief’s Mother, Stepbrother Killed in PA Fire Features Leadership Is an Inside Job Jared Cheselske shares six leadership lessons from his decades in the fire service and his military career. Tech Rescue and Common Sense Although tech rescue response may not be every fire department’s priority, it’s up to every team to apply common sense when the rescue situation warrants it. Firefighting Fridays: Unusual Calls for the Engine Company Jeff Shupe and other members of Strategic Fire Training discuss unusual engine company calls. Leveraging Social Media to Educate and Engage: OCFA’s Innovative Approach Greg Barta highlights his fire department’s use of social media for engaing the public and considers future directions. Main Street Memo: Victorian and Queen Anne Homes These stately homes can present an array of firefighting challenges. Joe Pronesti, Chris Tobin, and Lex Shady have a closer look. Humpday Hangout: Steve Prziborowski Frank Ricci and P.J. Norwood speak with guest Steve Prziborowski about his new book, fire department leadership and culture, company training, and more. Subscribe to our newsletter Stay informed about daily FireEngineering news, podcasts, training videos, webcasts, commentary, and exclusive articles about FireEngineering. Subscribe Now Webcasts 08 March 2024 A Flash Review With Inspection Tips: NFPA 10, 25, and 72March 8, 2024 |11 AM ETThis fast-paced webcast will be presented with PowerPoint enhancements and will be broken down into 15 minute segments on each standard with time for Q&A at the end of the 45 presentation. Take advantage of this quick lecture and interpretation of the related standards whether you're a fire inspector, fire marshal or company officer that performs in-service inspections Find out more » 12 March 2024 Engineer Your Career: Leadership Opportunities With Firehouse SubsMarch 12, 2024 | 1 ETLearn how your driven, process-oriented leadership can help you transition to a career with Firehouse Subs –the leader in community give-back in the restaurant industry. Find out more » Load More FE Magazine Bodega Booby Traps Letters to the Editor: February 2024 To OSB or Not to OSB? After a Freeze-Up: Important Next Steps Industry News Nutella Partners with National Volunteer Fire Council to Support Local Fire Departments With “Stacks for Giving Back” $25,000 in fire department grants and 100 pancake breakfast fundraiser kits will be awarded. Cres Cor Health & Safety Releases UVC + Heat Next Generation Cres Guard Now, decontaminate moisture-sensitive electronics with Cres Guard mobile decontamination cabinets. Leader Appoints Professional Sales and Service as Exclusive Dealer for Several States Across the West Leader Emergency Vehicles announces Professional Sales and Service will represent Leader in California and across much of the western U.S. ‘Fire Training: Back to Basics’ Announced as 2024 Theme for Safety Stand Down This year’s theme emphasizes proper strategies and tactics with a focus on the fundamentals. Zach Willard Appointed New General Manager of Fire Facilities, Inc. Zach Willard brings a wealth of experience and a fresh perspective to FFI’s operations in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin. New Video Highlights the Crucial Importance of a Plymovent Vehicle Exhaust Extraction System for Firefighters Plymovent Corp. released its video, “Protecting Our Heroes: The Importance of a Plymovent Vehicle Exhaust Extraction System for Firefighters.” Skyfire Helps Launch First-of-Its-Kind Joint Drone-First-Responder Program in Fremont (CA) The Fremont DFR program utilizes unmanned aerial vehicles launched from fixed locations to rapidly respond to public safety incidents. Folds of Honor Application Period Open The current window for applicants is open through April 1, 2024. A New Era: Cutting-Edge AeroFlex Turnout Gear from Fire-Dex Cools the Core of Any Composite Fire-Dex, dedicated to safeguarding everyday heroes since 1983, announces a new era in advanced turnout gear with AeroFlex. Training Minutes Training Minutes: Rescuing Victim Pinned by Vehicle Inside Structure Training Minutes: Roles of Firefighters in VES Training Minutes: Rapid Shoring for Partial Collapse Training Minutes: VES: Room Search Videos FDIC 2024 Preview: Left Seat Tips and Tactics FDIC 2024 Preview: The Engine Company’s Guide to Large Handlines FDIC 2024 Preview: Realities of the Short-Staffed Company Officer Commentary The Crossroads The Legal Side of Leadership In 2024 Latest Podcasts Hooks & Hoses: First-Due Truck Operations BuildingsonFire: The Commercial Fireground, Part 6: Fireground Command Fire and Training: The Commercial Fireground, Part 5: Tactical Considerations Photos Indianapolis Firefighters Rescue Man Trapped Beneath Bus Mayday, Several Firefighters Injured in West New York (NJ) Fire Photos: Chicago Firefighters Operate at Structure Fire Crews Free Worker from East Rutherford (NJ) Building Collapse Firefighters Battle Fire at MI Senior Apartment Complex Photos: Orlando (FL) Firefighters Pause to Remember 9/11 Victims Firefighters Control Rochelle Park (NJ) House Fire FDNY Firefighters Respond to Five-Alarm Brooklyn Fire Photos: FDNY Firefighters Battle Four-Alarm Bronx Fire AboutAbout Us Advertise Contact Us Newsletters Clarion Fire & RescueFire Engineering Fire Apparatus & Emergency Equipment FirefighterNation JEMS ResourcesFire Engineering Training JEMS Training FDIC International JEMS Events Fire Engineering Books Stay in the know with the latest content, features, and training from the largest online firefighting community. Subscribe Clarion Events North America Clarion Fire & Rescue Group Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2024 - © Clarion Events North America. All rights reserved. Welcome to FireEngineering Forgot your password? Sign In Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Reset Password Please check your spam folder and any email filters, in the event that the email gets blocked. Send Password Reset Link Back to Login Subscribe to Fire Engineering Stay informed about daily FireEngineering news, podcasts, training videos, webcasts, commentary, and exclusive articles about FireEngineering by signing up. Subscribe