Home | Eurasianet Skip to main content Eurasianet Main Menu Regions Topics Media About Search Newsletter русский Support us X Caucasus Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Conflict Zones Abkhazia Nagorno Karabakh South Ossetia Eastern Europe Belarus Moldova Russia The Baltics Ukraine Eurasian Fringe Afghanistan China EU Iran Mongolia Turkey United Kingdom United States X Environment Economy Politics Kazakhstan's Bloody January 2022 Kyrgyzstan 2020 unrest Security Society American diplomats in Central Asia Arts and Culture Coronavirus Student spotlight X Visual Stories Podcast Video Blogs Tamada Tales The Bug Pit Podcasts EurasiaChat Expert Opinions The Central Asianist X Search by keyword You can search using keywords to narrow down the list. Top Story Turkmenistan: Kabul market Akhal-Teke: A Turkmenistan Bulletin Mar 5, 2024 Afghanistan wants to show it is open for business and is willing to be a good neighbor. This and more in this week's Akhal-Teke Bulletin. Kyrgyzstan: As net tightens around Matraimov, Japarov is clearing field of viable threats Ayzirek Imanaliyeva Feb 29, 2024 All the corrupt former customs chief's one-time allies are scrambling to disavow him. Georgia: Government all talk, little action on promoting EU values – rights activists Brawley Benson Feb 28, 2024 Officials refuse to classify LGBTQ festival-goers as victims of right-wing violence. Get our weekly newsletter Follow Eurasianet Latest View More Uzbekistan: Dozens repatriated after illegally traveling to U.S. Mar 4, 2024 One returnee said he had spent $10,000 on making the trip. Russia and Iran strive to forge new ‘geo-economic reality’ in the South Caucasus – report Mar 4, 2024 Azerbaijan’s strategic relationship with Israel is a stumbling block. Kazakhstan: PM heads to Moscow with pledges of deepening cooperation Mar 4, 2024 Mutual trade turnover in 2023 amounted to $27.4 billion and exceeded the record figure set in 2022. Mourners in Caucasus honor Navalny Brawley Benson Mar 1, 2024 Memorials held in several cities. Featured View More Kyrgyzstan: Officials brush aside uranium anxieties over Kyzyl-Ompol field Mar 4, 2024 Experts have voiced safety concerns over the field in the past, but such objections are now being silenced. Azerbaijan: Authorities worry language is an instrument of subversion Mar 1, 2024 Officials block minority group cultural event. Podcast EurasiaChat: Bowing out with a look at Central Asia’s sad media scene EurasiaChat: Kazakh horror hit, strikers marching on, Kyrgyz media in peril EurasiaChat: Kyrgyzstan puts out the flags Listen more Environmental Reporting Kazakhstan gives methane super-emitter $780,000 slap on wrist Perspectives | Clock is ticking as Central Asia confronts water calamity Russia to revamp Armenia's nuclear power plant Read more China in Eurasia Georgia: Amid tension with the West, Tbilisi makes it easier for Georgians to head East Kyrgyzstan: Building work starts on another auto plant Kyrgyzstan: Where are all the autos going? Read more Visual Stories The new cities of Central Asia Kyrgyzstan: Garbage-mountain nightmare to make way for recycling future Photo essay: Life in Karabakh under blockade More visual stories Eurasianet About Team Contribute Republishing Privacy Policy Corrections Contact Eurasianet © 2024