HenHouseWorld English Svenska Buy Online Now HARDCOVER: KINDLE EDITION: Share Testimonials “A relaxed, easy and practical way into global finance.” -Jan Gurander, Executive Vice President Corporate Finance and Control and CFO, AB Volvo “Egestrand simplifies and explains modern finance in an accessible and entertaining way.” -Eirik Winter, Managing Director, Citigroup, Nordic Region “Digestible, engaging story about financial risks and opportunities.” -Per Larsson, CEO, Tornum “The HenHouse neatly distills everything relevant to understanding the essence of finance.” -Torbjörn Olofsson, Partner, Brummer & Partners “Excellent foundation for building confidence in your dealings with bankers and financial partners. Has great tools to help you identify your financial exposure.” -Magnus Cavalli-Björkman, CEO, Forex Bank Facebook Latest Tweet The RSS feed for this twitter account is not loadable for the moment. Follow @UlfEgestrand on twitter. Contact ulf@henhouseworld.com The Book The Author Blog Reviews Chapter 1 Don’t let them steal your golden eggs Book Trailer Günther Mårder, Savings Economist, Nordnet, about The HenHouse by Ulf Egestrand Claes Hemberg, Savings Economist, Avanza Bank, about The HenHouse by Ulf Egestrand Book Interview (Subtitles: ) Back To Top The Book In The HenHouse, global executive Ulf Egestrand simplifies the secrets of the financial markets and gives you the tools to finally feel on the same level with finance professionals – whether you’re coming from a corporate, private or public perspective. No matter how hard you work for your money, no matter how much you try to protect your money, if you don’t understand the basics of finance, you could lose it all. To develop your financial skills, protect yourself, and use opportunities to your advantage, you need to understand money. In this easy-to-read, practical and fun guide you will gain: The tools to help you take control of your finances, be it personal, in your small business or in a larger corporation Understanding of what is really going on behind the curtain of the financial world A solid, workable knowledge of global finance – from banking, currency exchange to global exposure – and how to use it The confidence to put yourself on equal terms with the bank The HenHouse sums up, in just 12 lessons, the essence of what Mr Egestrand has learned over 40 years of global finance experience gained from working in five countries and on three continents. The tips used in The HenHouse are universal and can be applied to any size of personal wealth or corporate business. Yes, you can blame the banks (and they do make mistakes) but in the end it all comes down to this: You are responsible for your own money. The HenHouse will help you embrace this responsibility with confidence – giving you the tools to make sound financial decisions, and above all, trust in your own financial understanding. Back To Top The Author Ulf Egestrand is founder and CEO of TAU Financials. His passion has been to helping people and organisations to increase financial literacy and that trough professional training and coaching. He has also until 2014 been Chairman of GMM Global Asset Management, one of the world’s leading currency trading hedge funds. Mr Egestrand has more than 40 years’ experience in the financial industry, spanning five countries and three continents. He formerly held various executive positions at Scania and Saab Group, and was also employed by SEB as a currency and interest trader. He currently lives with his wife in Istanbul, Turkey. Ulf Egestrand © 2024