Dan Kegel's Web Hostel Dan Kegel's Web Hostel Environment Local California Climate Action Plans - because google currently only finds an out of date list, here's a link to the latest Los Angeles Street Light Efficiency - about half are LEDs now, what about the rest? Oil Well Emissions - the problem and what people are doing about it Burt Rutan and Climate Change - mostly just about one fact he got wrong Local Climate Tax Cuts - aka revenue-neutral carbon taxes. Could introducing them at the local level break the stalemate? Climate Change and Los Angeles -- What it is, and what we can do about it. An evolving presentation. Games A Grownup's Guide to Minecraft and Writing Minecraft Mods Using Minecraft Mods -- for those who already know how to use minecraft Mech2.org - forum and discord for Mechwarrior 2 fans Speed NT vs. Linux Server Benchmark Data - summaries of results of recent benchmarks comparing NT and Linux On Mindcraft's April 1999 Benchmarks - beyond the FUD and the hype, Mindcraft's results reveal a performance issue in Apache running on Linux. The C10K problem - Why can't Johnny serve 10000 clients? Poller - Thin OO wrapper around select(), poll(), /dev/poll, /dev/epoll, kqueue(), etc. dkftpbench - FTP benchmark program dkcorbabench - CORBA benchmark program SSL/TLS - SSL APIs and SSL accelerators Updated example code for Unix Network Programming, Volume 1 - my patches to try to add Linux support to the examples in Richard Stevens' classic book Linux Resources Crossplatform development tips - for ISVs who want to ship on all three major desktop platforms (Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux) Hunting the Wily HP Linux Laptop, or, why HP's not going to be able to sell many of these via their web site Intro to Embedded Linux Programming, or, Embedded Linux Programming is easy Spell-Checking the Linux Kernel Network Booting with PXE Network Storage for Universities or, "gee, looks like OpenLDAP+OpenAFS+Kerberos+NTP is the way to go for campus-wide authentication and network file service" Short notes I've written about learning and using Linux Los Angeles Linux User Groups Advocacy Notes from the OSDL Desktop Linux Architects Meeting Towards Linux Desktop Comfort or, Why Doesn't Johnny Run Linux How To Contribute to Open Source Projects The Case for Linux in Universities Corporate Ethics -- a look at what kind of ethical statements are online at big companies like Microsoft, IBM, and HP On the Remedy Phase of the Microsoft Antitrust Trial OpenOffice Needs YOU! -- how you can help make a high-quality free office suite a reality. Leave Windows Behind - but bring your apps with you - an introduction to the Wine Project (talk for CeBIT 2009) The Wine QA Project -- How to help the Wine project, even if you can't program Software Engineering with Wine -- lab projects for CS students How to run Lotus Notes on Linux with Wine California's Proposed Energy Efficiency Standard for Televisions - who's for it, who's against it, where to go from here Misc technical Validating email with DKIM - check whether an email is forged or genuine Finding memory bugs in Win32 applications with Valgrind - Valgrind's not just for Unix anymore That time again: Buying a new computer in 2008, 2010, 2011, 2014, and 2015. Buying a new laptop in 2015 - $600 for an entry-level gaming laptop, dual-booted between windows and linux How much RAM does Windows XP need? (quick answer: more than 256MB) OpenOffice 1.1.1 Changes - a quick look at what's fixed in OpenOffice 1.1.1 OpenOffice 2.0 Issue Overview - a quick look at what's left to do in OpenOffice 2.0 Digital Cameras (especially the Canon Powershot A40) Open Source Friendly Phones with Cameras - want to take pictures with Java on your phone? Linux Heap Contention in free(), by David Boreham - a preliminary patch for glibc version 2.2.4 to improve malloc() performance on SMP systems. Building a binutils/gcc/glibc cross-development toolchain really from scratch for a large subset of gcc-{2.95.3, 3.2.3, 3.3} x glibc-{2.2.2, 2.2.5, 2.3.2} x {alpha, arm, cris, i686, ia64, mips, ppc750, ppc405, sh4, sparc, s390}. gcc's -fstack-check option - tips for slimming down thread stacks gprof and glibc - workarounds for glibc's problems profiling multithreaded programs and programs with more than 64000 or so symbols. khttpd patches - a patch for a khttpd stability problem Getting Started with PHP and MySQL on pair.com - notes to help beginners get a quick start developing active web pages at my favorite hosting site Anet - a peer-to-peer network game programming library I wrote while at Activision; used to ship quite a few games Extreme Programming - why all my code has unit tests my CORBA presentation and accompanying resources Remote Debugging with GDB SNMP resources, including fsubagent, a helper library for ucd-snmp A cheesy tool to log Egroups chat sessions Using CVS to manage a web site Security for Web Developers Interesting bugs in Netscape 4.7x IP addresses ending in .255 can cause odd routing problems - just say no Name Mangling in C++ NANSI.SYS: a cool MS-DOS console driver; versions 3.4 and later released under the GNU Public License. Still used in some embedded systems and by the FreeDOS project. A few notes on Java C++, C, and Assembly Language Tutorials Origin and Properties of the Bow and Arrow -- a use case for the web, from "As We May Think" Dan and Liz's Solar Retrofit -- we went solar, here's what we did and how it turned out Dan & Liz's 2nd Solar Retrofit: this time it's about carbon Community Los Angeles City Council File System index Guerilla guide to nurturing new trees in Los Angeles - how I kept our street's new trees alive Visiting Los Angeles -- or, hotels we have known and loved (or not) Los Angeles Transportation Issues Issues with BRE's Wilshire / La Brea Development Los Angeles is bankrupt, and its streets are in tatters. What to do? Using video cameras to catch taggers and thieves - with mixed results Politics Horowitz vs. Gore - Horowitz's essay "Why We Went To War In Iraq" picks three points made by Al Gore in "The Assault on Reason", and claims to disprove them. In this page, I do a little fact-checking on Gore's three claims to see if they hold up (it seems they do, and Horowitz seems to be wrong.) Health HPV-related cancer prevention and treatment - why to vaccinate against HPV, when to test for HPV, research on HPV cures Smallpox - since some folks say the vaccine didn't work, I had a look. Typing Considered Harmful - tips on dealing with typing pain Professional My resume -- for the curious only; I'm happily employed Internship Opportunities -- wanna code? Change the world! -- my weak attempt at a poster advertizing my internship in Los Angeles How To Get Hired -- advice for budding software engineers Personal Caring for your Introvert My university home page Old Resource Pages Most of these are in dire need of updating, but may still be useful. Dan Kegel's ISDN Page - All you ever wanted to know about ISDN, but were afraid to ask Dan Kegel's ADSL Page - Lots of info about ADSL, and other ~1 Mbit/sec phone line technologies Dan Kegel's Fast Ethernet Page - Lots of info about Fast Ethernet aka 100BaseT, and other ~100Mbit/sec technologies Dan Kegel's Fast Hard Drives Page -- Lots of info about the kind of hard drives that make fast workstations sing Other Kegels in the world The Kegel Company - bowling equipment, Florida, USA Kegel Motorcycle Co. - Harley dealership, Rockford, IL, USA Kegel's Produce - groceries, Lancaster, PA, USA Kegel Bootsimport - boat engines and equipment, Hamburg, Germany Comments and corrections welcome. Contact the author at: dank at kegel.com Copyright 1996-2015, Dan Kegel