UCI Machine Learning Repository Home - UCI Machine Learning Repository Datasets Contribute Dataset Donate New Link External About Us Who We Are Citation Metadata Contact Information Login Welcome to the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository We currently maintain 665 datasets as a service to the machine learning community. Here, you can donate and find datasets used by millions of people all around the world! View Datasets Contribute a Dataset Popular Datasets Iris A small classic dataset from Fisher, 1936. One of the earliest known datasets used for evaluating classification methods. Classification 150 Instances 4 Features Dry Bean Dataset Images of 13,611 grains of 7 different registered dry beans were taken with a high-resolution camera. A total of 16 features; 12 dimensions and 4 shape forms, were obtained from the grains. Classification 13.61K Instances 16 Features Heart Disease 4 databases: Cleveland, Hungary, Switzerland, and the VA Long Beach Classification 303 Instances 13 Features Rice (Cammeo and Osmancik) A total of 3810 rice grain's images were taken for the two species, processed and feature inferences were made. 7 morphological features were obtained for each grain of rice. Classification 3.81K Instances 7 Features Adult Predict whether income exceeds $50K/yr based on census data. Also known as "Census Income" dataset. Classification 48.84K Instances 14 Features Raisin Images of the Kecimen and Besni raisin varieties were obtained with CVS. A total of 900 raisins were used, including 450 from both varieties, and 7 morphological features were extracted. Classification 900 Instances 8 Features See More Popular Datasets New Datasets PhiUSIIL Phishing URL Dataset PhiUSIIL Phishing URL Dataset is a substantial dataset comprising 134,850 legitimate and 100,945 phishing URLs. Most of the URLs we analyzed while constructing the dataset are the latest URLs. Features are extracted from the source code of the webpage and URL. Features such as CharContinuationRate, URLTitleMatchScore, URLCharProb, and TLDLegitimateProb are derived from existing features. Classification 235.8K Instances 56 Features RT-IoT2022 The RT-IoT2022, a proprietary dataset derived from a real-time IoT infrastructure, is introduced as a comprehensive resource integrating a diverse range of IoT devices and sophisticated network attack methodologies. This dataset encompasses both normal and adversarial network behaviours, providing a general representation of real-world scenarios. Incorporating data from IoT devices such as ThingSpeak-LED, Wipro-Bulb, and MQTT-Temp, as well as simulated attack scenarios involving Brute-Force SSH attacks, DDoS attacks using Hping and Slowloris, and Nmap patterns, RT-IoT2022 offers a detailed perspective on the complex nature of network traffic. The bidirectional attributes of network traffic are meticulously captured using the Zeek network monitoring tool and the Flowmeter plugin. Researchers can leverage the RT-IoT2022 dataset to advance the capabilities of Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), fostering the development of robust and adaptive security solutions for real-time IoT networks. Classification, Regression, Clustering 123.12K Instances 84 Features Regensburg Pediatric Appendicitis This repository holds the data from a cohort of pediatric patients with suspected appendicitis admitted with abdominal pain to Children’s Hospital St. Hedwig in Regensburg, Germany, between 2016 and 2021. Each patient has (potentially multiple) ultrasound (US) images, aka views, tabular data comprising laboratory, physical examination, scoring results and ultrasonographic findings extracted manually by the experts, and three target variables, namely, diagnosis, management and severity. Classification 782 Instances 59 Features National Poll on Healthy Aging (NPHA) This is a subset of the NPHA dataset filtered down to develop and validate machine learning algorithms for predicting the number of doctors a survey respondent sees in a year. This dataset’s records represent seniors who responded to the NPHA survey. Classification 714 Instances 15 Features Infrared Thermography Temperature The Infrared Thermography Temperature Dataset contains temperatures read from various locations of inferred images about patients, with the addition of oral temperatures measured for each individual. The 33 features consist of gender, age, ethnicity, ambiant temperature, humidity, distance, and other temperature readings from the thermal images. The dataset is intended to be used in a regression task to predict the oral temperature using the environment information as well as the thermal image readings. Regression 1.02K Instances 33 Features Jute Pest This dataset has 17 classes. Data are divided in three partition train, val and test. The classes are 0 : Beet Armyworm 1 : Black Hairy 2 : Cutworm 3 : Field Cricket 4 : Jute Aphid 5 : Jute Hairy 6 : Jute Red Mite 7 : Jute Semilooper 8 : Jute Stem Girdler 9 : Jute Stem Weevil 10 : Leaf Beetle 11 : Mealybug 12 : Pod Borer 13 : Scopula Emissaria 14 : Termite 15 : Termite odontotermes (Rambur) 16 : Yellow Mite Classification, Other 7.24K Instances 17 Features See More New Datasets By using the UCI Machine Learning Repository, you acknowledge and accept the cookies and privacy practices used by the UCI Machine Learning Repository. Accept Read Policy The Project About Us CML National Science Foundation Navigation Home View Datasets Donate a Dataset Logistics Contact Privacy Notice Feature Request or Bug Report Browse Datasets Donate a Dataset Link an external Dataset Who We Are Citation Metadata Contact Information Login