Best Route Planning and Optimization Software Speak to a Routing Expert: Speak to a Friendly Routing Expert Now: +1-888-552-9045 Se Habla Español FREE TRIAL Platform Platform Overview Deliver service customers trust Route Planning Create reliable routes in minutes Dispatch & Tracking Execute with confidence every day Driver Efficiency Arrive on time, every time Orders & Workflows Simplify complex business processes Customer Experience Earn customer loyalty Mobile Apps Business Analytics Integrations Add-Ons Premium Support Pricing Free Trial Solutions Grow Your Business Master increasing complexity Improve Service Exceed customer expectations Increase Efficiency Streamline delivery and service Delivery Management Closed loop order fulfillment Service Management Improve service performance Deploy Now Easy set up, expert support For Drivers Multi-stop Route Planner Get home on time, every time Commercial Vehicle Navigation Worry-free truck routes Explore About Route4Me Leadership Team Our Users Partner Programs Academic Programs Environmental Blog Articles Case Studies eBooks News Videos Webinars Support Portal Getting Started Admins Route Planners Dispatchers Drivers Developers Pricing Contact +1-888-552-9045 Speak to routing expert now Live Chat Get answers instantly Support Portal Get help with our platform Contact Us Other ways to reach us Sign In Search Contact +1-888-552-9045 Speak to routing expert now Live Chat Get answers instantly Support Portal Get help with our platform Contact Us Other ways to reach us Sign In Simplify Last Mile Complexity Proven Route Planning And Optimization Software For Your Business Try Now EXPLORE PLATFORM Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. 3B+ Miles Optimized 750M+ stops Visited 30M+ Routes Planned 40K+ Happy Customers WATCH VIDEO Consistently Rated the Best Route Planning & Optimization Software Helping Businesses Succeed In The Last Mile For 10+ Years Route Planning & OptimizationSolutions For Your Business Grow Your Business Master increasing complexity Improve Service Exceed customer expectations Increase Efficiency Streamline delivery and service Deploy Now Easy set up, expert support Delivery Management Implement closed loop order fulfillment Service Management Improve service performance Grow Your Business Master increasing complexity Improve Service Exceed customer expectations Increase Efficiency Streamline delivery and service Deploy Now Easy set up, expert support Delivery Management Implement closed loop order fulfillment Service Management Improve service performance Grow Your Business Master increasing complexity Improve Service Exceed customer expectations Increase Efficiency Streamline delivery and service Deploy Now Easy set up, expert support Delivery Management Implement closed loop order fulfillment Service Management Improve service performance Route4Me Platform Overview The Route4Me route planning and optimization platform helps you master complexity at scale, so you can focus on growing your business and satisfying your customers. Learn how our patented, proven routing engine and powerful workflow automation ensure accurate, efficient last mile execution. DOWNLOAD NOW Explore The Route4Me Route Planning & Optimization Platform RoutePlanning Plan reliable routes in minutes Dispatch& Tracking Execute with confidence DriverEfficiency Arrive on time, every time Orders & Workflows Simplify complex processes CustomerExperience Earn customer loyalty BusinessAnalytics Measure, manage, master PlatformIntegrations Simple, seamless infrastructure MobileApplications Choose iOS, Android or Zebra 40,000+ Happy Global Customers What is Route Optimization New to the route planning game? This instructive video is your first stop to success with multi-stop route planning and optimization software. Our dynamic route optimization technology lets you plan routes in seconds. WATCH VIDEO LEARN MORE Your Optimized Routes Are Ready in Seconds Our Team of Routing Professionals Will Work Directly With You to Setup Your Routes Type, copy-and-paste, or upload your customer list. Then, pick the number of drivers and hit optimize route. That's it! Within about 10 seconds you will have an optimized route for yourself - or for every driver on your team. Routes are optimized and planned just as quickly when doing large fleet route optimizations. Addresses to Visit Route4Me Optimizer Optimal Routes Recurring Route Planning with Scheduling That Automatically Adjusts You Can Plan Routes That Change Daily, Weekly, or Seasonally Weekly pool cleanings, schedule sales visits, or delivery routes that change daily are no longer a problem. Because no matter how often your business requires you to visit customers, our service routing software lets you plan routes that fit any schedule, shape, or size. And it's not just limited to dynamic delivery route planning or service route planning, but you can use it for sales route planning. Every activity on a route by a driver is GPS tracked and totally airtight. No Expensive Hardware to Purchase or Install Just Your Regular Computer or a Smartphone Why keep throwing money at obsolete software from the legacy software companies (you know who they are!) when you can spend as little as $200/month for a plan with no software to install or upgrade? Forget about compatibility issues or mandatory yearly updates. Route4Me works on the iPhone, iPad, Android, Google Chrome, Firefox, and Safari. Software updates happen many times per day at no additional cost to you. Awesome Routes Created For You Everytime Our service is designed to reduce the amount of time it takes you to plan a route. In addition to servicing more customers with our address routing software, you and/or your drivers will also save gas, time planning & driving, and decrease your environmental footprint. Since Route4Me reduces operating costs per driver and vehicle, the fleet route planning savings really add up, as your business grows, particularly when you establish a good technology foundation. Combined with your business savvy, a mature and resilient route plan strategy will go a long way. Save Time & Gas Every route is up to 35% shorter on average. That's over $1,000.00 in savings if you spend more than $3,000 a year on gas. Know Where Your Drivers and Vehicles Are in Real-Time Stay in control by letting you track the GPS location of all your drivers on a map. Saves Hours Daily Efficiency starts with saving your own time, but extends to saving the time of your drivers and customers. Stop Worrying About Servicing All Those New Customers Our Software Does All the Hard Work By Planning Routes For You Want to impress your investors, partners, or boss? Then boost your customer count - the one true marker of business growth and success. As you add more customers, the time and cost complexity of servicing all of them goes up exponentially. Planning employee schedules, routes, and tracking field personnel are the biggest hurdles to growth for any field-service, field-sales, or delivery business. Route4Me's service routing, aka last mile routing, software will help you exceed all of your business needs by improving customer satisfaction, lowering your operational costs, and by reducing the time it takes to plan routes to less than 60 seconds per day./month. That's a 500% return on investment, guaranteed. And even if we're only half right, you'll still pocket over $1,500.00 and spend less than 60 seconds per day with our GPS-tracking capable route planner. Syncs with your iPhone, iPad, and Android Our mobile route planning apps feature real-time synchronization of all of your routes and customer addresses, written notes & photos at each stop, sign-on-glass verification, route progress & location tracking, and more. Route4Me is the only route planning software that has native applications built for the iPhone & iPad and the Google Android platform. And, with over 2,000,000 downloads and tens of billions of miles planned since 2009, you can rest assured that our Mobile Route Planner App has been continuously tested and improved over the years. The Route4Me app offers turn-by-turn directions and works automatically with Google Maps, Waze, and integrates with most globally recognized telematics platforms. Every mile you save helps save the planet Route4Me® Is committed to building Carbon-neutral Last Mile™ solutions and we believe world class route planning is a critical component of any sustainability program. LEARN MORE See All Your Optimized Routes If you have multiple routes and drivers, Route4Me provides an overview of your entire operation. Re-assign drivers and vehicles, move an address from one route to another, and track route progress in real-time. In addition to our fleet routing optimization capabilities, your Route4Me account is connected to our Mobile Apps, so that drivers and customers immediately get notified of changes you make, and you see every address, order, note, picture, video, and modification they make inside your account. Instantly See Helpful Info About Your Operation You'll see your business in a clearer way because we'll show you detailed mileages, route manifests, and fuel cost dollars saved. In addition to detailed driving costs, each address on a route can capture extended information such as revenue, cost, and service-time. You don't need to be good with math or fancy accounting software. Everything related to your operation is automatically calculated and can be used to make common business decisions. In a few clicks you can see really helpful info about a specific route, driver, or region. Track Route Progress, Take Pictures, Add Videos, Notes, and More Route4Me's mobile optimization apps support iPhone, iPad, and Android devices, which permit you to attach GPS trackable notes and media of any type to any stop on your route. You and your drivers, users, customers, or employees can mark any location as visited, departed, have sign-on-glass eSignatures, and you can see all notes, media, and track all progress from everyone in your company instantly within your Route4Me account. Arrival and departure times (ETAs) update as soon as a driver check-in or check-out happens. Route planning & optimization resources Explore our blog for last mile route planners and business owners. What Is Dynamic Route Optimization Effortlessly create efficient routes for continually changing schedules. What is Route Optimization? Boost delivery and service operations with automated route planning. How to Plan Recurring Routes Cater to your most consistent customers and master your repeat business. Route Planning Best Practices Save time and money by integrating best practices into your operations. What is Final Mile Delivery? Learn what you need to know about last mile delivery. How To Create An Optimized Route Understand the basics of route optimization. About Us Home About Leadership Our Values Our Users Environmental Testimonials Route4Me Academic Premium Support Contact Pricing Routing Resources What Is Route Optimization? Multiple Stop Route Planning Delivery Route Planning Service Route Planning Route Management Commercial Vehicle Routing Route App For Businesses Route App For Drivers iPhone Route Planner App Android Route Planner App Get Started Knowledge Base Training Case Studies Route4Me FAQ Developers Route4Me API Documentation Software Integrations Telematics Integrations GitHub Tutorials Get an API Key Engage Route Planning Blog Brand Guidelines Resource Center Press Coverage eBooks © 2009-2024 Route4Me, Inc English English Español Français Tiếng Việt Terms of Service Privacy Policy SMS Policy Professional Services Agreement