Online Harassment Field Manual - PEN America Skip to content ONLINE HARASSMENT FIELD MANUAL EN FR ES AR SW Prepare Protecting from Hacking and Impersonation Protecting Info from Doxing Navigating Comments Sections & Message Boards Protecting Websites Finding Supportive Cyber Communities Further Digital Security Tips Respond Documenting Online Harassment Blocking, Muting, & Restricting Reporting to Platforms Dealing with Harassing Emails & Direct Messages Deploying Supportive Cyber Communities Practicing Counterspeech Guidelines for Safely Practicing Counterspeech Fight Back/Write Back Getting Creative Self-Care Practicing Self-Care Mental Health Care & Direct Services Advice from a Psychologist Additional Wellness Resources Legal Documenting Online Harassment Assessing Online Threats Involving Law Enforcement Online Harassment: Legal Basics 101 Federal Laws & Online Harassment State Laws & Online Harassment Restraining Orders & Online Harassment Online Harassment Case Studies Legal Resources for Writers & Journalists Support Guidelines for Talking to Friends and Allies Guidelines for Talking to Employers about Abuse Best Practices For Allies & Witnesses Best Practices For Employers What is Online Abuse Defining “Online Harassment” Making Sense of Online Harassment Online Harassment as Free Expression Issue PEN America’s Online Harassment Survey Stories of Survival K., Author Bethany Mandel, Editor and Columnust Lindsay, Screenwriter Erica M., Poet and Editor Gina Young, Playwright and Podcaster Jordan, Blogger Additional Online Harassment Resources Search Search Submit Online abuse poses an urgent and growing threat to free expression, equity, and inclusion. Whether you’re experiencing or witnessing online abuse, this Field Manual offers concrete strategies for how to defend yourself and others. We wrote this guidance with and for those disproportionately impacted by online abuse: writers, journalists, artists, and activists who identify as women, BIPOC, and/or LGBTQIA+. Whatever your identity or vocation, anyone active online will find useful tools and resources here for navigating online abuse and tightening digital safety. Click here to learn about different forms of online harassment and how to protect yourself. I am being targeted Click here to learn about intervening in online harassment and standing in solidarity with targeted writers and journalists. I am a witness/ally Click here to learn how your institution can implement best practices for supporting your hired writers and journalists. I am an employer Explore the Field Manual Prepare for Online Abuse Tactics, tips, and guidelines for protecting your online presence and accounts Respond to Online Abuse Strategies for response, including assessing threats, navigating social media and email, deploying cyber communities, and practicing counterspeech Practicing Self-Care Advice for practicing self-care and maintaining community during episodes of online abuse Legal Considerations What to expect when turning to law enforcement during episodes of online abuse Requesting and Providing Support How-to guides for those targeted by online abuse, their allies, and their employers What is Online Abuse? What is online abuse/harassment, what forms does it take, and why is it a free expression issue? PEN America stands at the intersection of literature and human rights to protect open expression in the United States and worldwide. We champion the freedom to write, recognizing the power of the word to transform the world. Learn more at pen.org. This website was made possible with support from the New York Community Trust and Craig Newmark Philanthropies. Copyright PEN America 2024 - All Rights Reserved Search Submit