UK's Largest Woodland Conservation Charity - Woodland Trust Skip to main content Shop Blog Become a member MENU CLOSE icon/search Created with Sketch. Trees, woods and wildlife A-Z tree guide British trees Tree pests and diseases Trees and climate change Benefits of trees Woodland animals Woodland plants Fungi and lichens Habitats Species identification guides Nature's Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory State of UK Woods and Trees 2021 Trees and woods: at the heart of nature recovery A-Z guide to British trees Over 70 of the UK's tree species, from natives trees to the common non-natives. See our A-Z list Protecting trees and woods Threats to woods and trees Campaign with us Take action in your community Tell us about a threat Urban trees Influencing government and policymakers Ancient woodland restoration State of UK Woods and Trees 2021 Landscape-scale conservation Catch up on our campaigns Discover our recent challenges and successes and how you can help. Get the latest news Visiting woods Find a wood Things to do Foraging Natures' Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory Events Walking Children and families Woods through the seasons Virtual tours Discover more in the woods Things to do in the woods Foraging: what to look out for each month Nature's Calendar Find a wood near you We've got thousands of woods, free for you to visit, across the UK. Plan your journey Plant trees Free trees for schools and communities Trees for landowners and farmers Natural regeneration Benefits of agroforestry Why plant trees? Buy trees from our shop Woodland Carbon Tree planting advice How to choose a tree Where to plant How to plant a tree UK sourced and grown trees: why buy? Plant trees on your land with MOREwoods Plant more trees To fight the effects of climate change we're working hard to get millions more trees growing. Find out why About us What we do Our strategy Where we work How we are run Our history Careers with us Volunteering Our partners Our publications Latest blogs Woodland Walks podcast with Adam Shaw - Sheffield's tree story Adam Shaw • 22 Feb 2024 Bird song identification: songs and calls for beginners Kayleigh Jacobs-Rutter • 13 Feb 2024 Animal mating rituals: 12 eye-opening breeding habits Danielle Wesley • 12 Feb 2024 Support us Join Become a member Act Campaign with us Volunteer with us Your community Your school Tree Charter Events Partner with us Give Make a donation Support an appeal Leave a gift in your will Dedicate trees or woodland Fundraise for us Play our raffle Carbon donations Philanthropy and major gifts How we spend your money Fundraise As an individual As a group At work Trees, woods and wildlife Back A-Z tree guide British trees Tree pests and diseases Trees and climate change Benefits of trees Woodland animals Woodland plants Fungi and lichens Habitats Species identification guides Nature's Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory State of UK Woods and Trees 2021 Trees and woods: at the heart of nature recovery Shop Blog Protecting trees and woods Back Threats to woods and trees Campaign with us Take action in your community Tell us about a threat Urban trees Influencing government and policymakers Ancient woodland restoration State of UK Woods and Trees 2021 Landscape-scale conservation Shop Blog Visiting woods Back Find a wood Things to do Back Things to do Foraging Natures' Calendar Ancient Tree Inventory Events Walking Children and families Woods through the seasons Virtual tours Shop Blog Shop Blog Plant trees Back Free trees for schools and communities Trees for landowners and farmers Natural regeneration Benefits of agroforestry Why plant trees? Buy trees from our shop Woodland Carbon Tree planting advice Back Tree planting advice How to choose a tree Where to plant How to plant a tree Shop Blog UK sourced and grown trees: why buy? Plant trees on your land with MOREwoods Shop Blog About us Back What we do Our strategy Where we work How we are run Our history Careers with us Volunteering Our partners Our publications Shop Blog Support us Back Join Back Join Become a member Shop Blog Act Back Act Campaign with us Volunteer with us Your community Your school Tree Charter Events Partner with us Shop Blog Give Back Give Make a donation Support an appeal Leave a gift in your will Dedicate trees or woodland Fundraise for us Play our raffle Carbon donations Philanthropy and major gifts How we spend your money Shop Blog Fundraise Back Fundraise As an individual As a group At work Shop Blog Shop Blog Become a member Shop Blog Feeling crisis-y about the climate? Trees fight the effects of climate change — we just need billions more of them. Help plant more trees Credit: Firefly / WTML Credit: Firefly / WTML Woods and trees are essential. For people. For wildlife. For life. That's why we're here. About us We create We create wildlife-rich woods and plant native trees to benefit nature, climate and people now and in the future. About us We protect We fight to protect woods and trees, preventing the loss of irreplaceable habitat, nature and carbon stores for a healthier future for everyone. About us We restore We bring damaged ancient woods back to life, restoring irreplaceable ecosystems to improve landscape resilience so that nature and people can thrive. About us We care We care for over 1,000 woods, keeping them open for you to explore and enjoy. We want to inspire a love for woods and trees for generations to come. 55m Planted We have planted millions of trees since we began in 1972. 1,172 Saved We have saved thousands of woods with your help in the last decade. 85k Revived We are bringing thousands of hectares of ancient woodland back to life. We want a world where woods and trees thrive for people and nature. We can't achieve our vision without you. Support us Let's keep planting trees and protecting nature Your support for UK woodland and our fight for nature is vital. Take a look at some of the incredible work we've been able to do and how you can help in the future. Donate today Explore wonderful woodland Visiting woods Find a wood near you Our woods are free to visit and open all year round. Use our wood finder to discover one near you. Visiting woods Things to do in the woods Go on an adventure. Get closer to nature. Uncover history. Discover ways to explore the UK's woods whatever the season. Trees woods and wildlife Identify wildlife Woods are brimming with wildlife. Discover what's out there with our identification guides. Start planting Plant trees Free trees for schools and communities We want to make sure everyone in the UK has the chance to plant a tree. So we’re giving away hundreds of thousands of trees to schools and communities. BLOG British trees to plant in your garden: 14 native tree ideas Our top UK native trees to bring colour, interest and wildlife to your garden, including size and preferred conditions. Trees woods and wildlife A-Z of British trees Our A-Z guide to British trees from native species to naturalised and widely planted non-natives. Spot early signs of spring Blog First signs of spring in nature Charlie Mellor • 19 Feb 2021 Blog Bird song identification: songs and calls for beginners Kayleigh Jacobs-Rutter • 13 Feb 2024 Blog Hawthorn and blackthorn: what’s the difference? Charlie Mellor • 09 Apr 2019 Make a difference Visiting woods Nature's Calendar Help monitor the effects of climate change on wildlife near you. Your records contribute to a growing body of scientific evidence on global warming. Support us Make a donation With your support, we can ensure woods are always there, free for everyone to enjoy. Support us Dedications Be it a single tree or an acre of woodland with a personalised bench, your dedication will provide a long-lasting tribute that can be visited time after time – and support local wildlife too. Keep in touch with the nature you love Sign up to stay connected Contact us Jobs Press and media Newsletter Publications Accessibility Cookie policy Privacy policy Terms and conditions The Woodland Trust is a charity registered in England and Wales (No. 294344) and in Scotland (No. SC038885). A non-profit-making company limited by guarantee. Registered in England No. 1982873. Woodland Trust (Enterprises) Limited, registered in England (No. 2296645), is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Woodland Trust. Registered office: Kempton Way, Grantham, Lincolnshire, NG31 6LL. The Woodland Trust and Woodland Trust Nature Detectives logos are registered trademarks. Images © protected Woodland Trust. VAT No. GB520 6111 04. Most Woodland Trust woods are certified to FSC® standards by the Soil Association. Certificate number SA-FM/COC-001270, Licence code FSC-C009406. close Search our site