Welcome to NYC.gov | City of New York Visiting NYC? Find events, attractions, deals, and more at nyctourism.com Skip Main Navigation Menu The Official Website of the City of New York Text Size SearchSearch Primary Navigation The official website of NYC Home NYC Resources NYC311 Office of the Mayor Events Connect Jobs Search TODAY NOV28 MORE nyc logo on dark blue background Mayor Adams Announces Progress to Improve Care and Services for People in Custody, Advances Plans for Future Uses of Rikers Island MAR 4, 24-New York City Mayor Eric Adams today announced progress on several jails-focused initiatives to provide greater care and enhanced... Related Links: Adams Administration Announces $14 Million for Enhanced Programming Initiatives to Support People in Custody as They Return to Their Communities NYC Health + Hospitals to Move Forward with Construction of More than 350 Outposted Therapeutic Housing Beds mayor adam is speaking at the podium while a group officials stand behind him Mayor Adams Announces $50 Million Initiative to Reduce Barriers and Support Minority-Owned Developers to Build More Affordable Housing MAR 4, 24-New York City Mayor Eric Adams, New York City Housing Preservation Development (HPD) Commissioner Adolfo Carrión Jr. ... Related Links: Effort Expected to Enable $500 Million in Private Construction Lending to Minority-Owned Affordable Housing Developers Through Partnership With Goldman Sachs and Community Preservation Corporation nyc logo on orange background Mayor Adams Announces Cash Assistance and SNAP Application Backlogs Nearly Eliminated, Bolstering Access to Benefits for Low-Income New Yorkers MAR 4, 24-New York City Mayor Eric Adams and New York City Department of Social Services (DSS) Commissioner Molly Wasow Park... Related Links: Adams Administration’s Staffing, Technology, Process Improvements Have Bolstered Benefits Access for Low-Income New Yorkers Since Launching Fully-Remote Process Under Adams Administration, Over 90 Percent of New Yorkers Have Applied for Cash Assistance and SNAP Online Mayor Eric Adams Delivers Remarks at 30th Anniversary Commemoration of Death of Ari Halberstam Mayor Eric Adams Hosts Reception Celebrating Black History Month NYC Logo Mayor Adams Announces Activation of City's First Public E-Bike Charging Site for Delivery Workers FEB 29, 2024-New York City Mayor Eric Adams today activated the first of five public e-battery charging locations Related Links: First of Five Outdoor Charging Facilities Now Online at Manhattan’s Cooper Square, With Others to be Installed in Coming Weeks Pilot Will Allow Select Group of Delivery Workers to Safely Charge Lithium-Ion Batteries Outside of Residences nyc logo on blue background Mayor Adams Fights For Legal Cannabis Industry By Celebrating Opening Of First Black Woman-Owned Legal Dispensary In Brooklyn, Recommits To Closing Down Illegal Smoke Shops FEB 29, 24-New York City Mayor Eric Adams today celebrated the opening of Matawana Dispensary, the first Black woman-owned legal cannabis... Related Links: Announcement Follows Continued Actions Taken by Adams Administration to Hold Unlicensed Operators Accountable for Hurting Local Businesses and Endangering Neighborhoods Mayor Adams Unveils Ambitious Plan to Make New York City Leader in 'Green-Collar' Jobs FEB 28, 2024-FEB 28 - Mayor Adams Unveils Ambitious Plan to Make New York City Leader in 'Green-Collar' Jobs READ MORE Related Links: State of the City Commitment Will Grow City’s Green Economy, Train and Position New Yorkers to Benefit from Nearly 400,000 Green-Collar Jobs by 2040 Plan Will Advance $100 Million Climate Innovation Hub at Brooklyn Army Terminal, Create More Than 12,000 Green Economy Apprenticeships by 2040 Previous Next TODAY 311 Resources Benefits & Support Business & Consumers Courts & Law Culture & Recreation Education Employment Environment Government & Elections Health Housing & Buildings Noise Pets, Pests & Wildlife Public Safety Records Sidewalks, Streets, Highways Taxes Transportation Trash & Recycling A to Z About 311 Get The NYC311 App Report Problems Look Up Service Requests Make Payments NYC Mayor's Office Watch Now Watch NYC Mayor's Office on YouTube VIEW VIDEOS NYC Programs & Initiatives View All Updated COVID-19 and Flu Vaccines Both the updated COVID-19 and flu vaccines are available in NYC. Find a vaccination site near you. Both the updated COVID-19 and flu vaccines are available in NYC. Find a vaccination site near you. Both the updated COVID-19 and flu vaccines are available in NYC. Find a vaccination site near you. NYC Rent Freeze Program Senior citizens and people with disabilities may qualify to have their rent frozen. Senior citizens and people with disabilities may qualify to have their rent frozen. Senior citizens and people with disabilities may qualify to have their rent frozen. Close the Door When it comes to fire safety, the message is the same in every language - CLOSE THE DOOR. When it comes to fire safety, the message is the same in every language - CLOSE THE DOOR. When it comes to fire safety, the message is the same in every language - CLOSE THE DOOR. Register to Vote: Pres. Primary Election 4/2 3/23 is the last day to register for Presidential Primary Election on 4/2. 3/23 is the last day to register for Presidential Primary Election on 4/2. 3/23 is the last day to register for Presidential Primary Election on 4/2. View All Dining Out NYC Learn more about Dining Out NYC, New York City's permanent outdoor dining program. Learn more about Dining Out NYC, New York City's permanent outdoor dining program. Learn more about Dining Out NYC, New York City's permanent outdoor dining program. NYC Free Tax Prep If you earned $85,000 or less in 2023, file for FREE with NYC Free Tax Prep. If you earned $85,000 or less in 2023, file for FREE with NYC Free Tax Prep. If you earned $85,000 or less in 2023, file for FREE with NYC Free Tax Prep. Pay It Off Get help to pay off arrears as a noncustodial parent with permanent child support debt. Get help to pay off arrears as a noncustodial parent with permanent child support debt. Get help to pay off arrears as a noncustodial parent with permanent child support debt. ACCESS NYC Portal Visit the online public benefits screening and application tool. Visit the online public benefits screening and application tool. Visit the online public benefits screening and application tool. Find Local Events See All EventsShow Filters Date BoroughSelect a BoroughBronxBrooklynManhattanQueensStaten Island Other CategorySelect a CategoryHurricane Sandy Business Recovery Information Continue We're sorry! No events matched your selection. Try broadening your selections or go to the full events list View All close . Download mobile apps.Find social channels.Stay in Touch Your Elected Officials Eric L. Adams MAYOR Brad Lander Comptroller Speaker, Adrienne Adams City Council, 51 Members Jumaane Williams Public Advocate Vanessa L. Gibson Borough President, Bronx Antonio Reynoso Borough President, Brooklyn Mark D. Levine Borough President, Manhattan Donovan Richards Borough President, Queens Vito Fossella Borough President, Staten Island NYC.gov footer More on NYC.gov Directory of City Agencies Contact NYC Government City Employees Notify NYC City Store Stay Connected NYC Mobile Apps Maps Residents Toolkit NYC.gov in Other Languages العربية বাঙালি 中文 Kreyòl Ayisyen Polskie Español pусский français 한국어 اُردُو English © City of New York. 2024 All Rights Reserved,NYC is a trademark and service mark of the City of New York. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Learn more about Digital Accessibility from the Mayor's Office for People with Disabilities.