Design Hotels™ - Boutique & Luxury Design Hotel Collection Design Hotels Search Destination Check-in - Check-out Guests Search Hotels Offers Journal Profile Bookings Benefits Bookmarks Log out Travel Agent Profile Bookings Benefits Bookmarks Log out Log in with email Log in with Facebook Not yet a member? Sign up Log in as a Travel Professional Show search capsule Menu Close Design Hotels x We could not locate any hotel or destination, please edit your search. X Check-in Check-in - Check-out Check-out Exclusive Community Deal Check-in - Check-out Clear dates x 0 Adults, 0 Children Guests 0 Remove room Adults + 2 - Children + 0 - Child 1 age < 11 years + 0 - + Add rooms x Promo code Promo code x Exclusive Community Deal Search Close Log in Join My Profile Log out Home [Pro] Log out Hotels All hotels New Hotels City Mountain Beach Offbeat Destinations Gastronomy Hotels Well-being Countryside Sustainable Art & Culture History Interior Design Family Friendly Adults Only COVID Protocols Journal All articles Architecture Design Food Destinations Originals Happenings Conscious Future Further Deals Inhabit Queen’s Gardens—50% off Bradford House—50% off Hotelito at MUSA—50% off Innit Lombok—50% off Immerso Hotel—50% off Exclusive Community Deals A Night on Us This Spring Seaside Spectacular Spring into City Life Advance Purchase Be the First Guides All guides Lombok Balkans Portugal Mallorca Paris South Tyrol London Berlin Mexico Japan Greece U.S. West Coast Switzerland Stockholm Georgia Finland Store All products Further Forecast 2024 Directions Magazine The Design Hotels Book Art Print Series Postcard Set About us About Design Hotels Sustainability Career Become a member hotel Join Community Support Ukraine Travel Pro Overview Register Log in MICE Business Travel Rate Brand Benefits Get up to 50% off at selected hotels. Join the Community We are Design Hotels.A collection of 300+ independent hotels rooted in design, locality, and culture. All Hotels New Hotels City Mountain Beach Offbeat Destinations Gastronomy Hotels Well-being Countryside Sustainable Art & Culture History Interior Design Family Friendly Adults Only New Member Hotels New Member Hotels Bradford House Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA New Member Hotels Hotelito at MUSA Guerrero, Mexico New Member Hotels Nobis Hotel Palma Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca, Spain USA Bradford House Mexico Hotelito at MUSA Spain Nobis Hotel Palma Imagine the American heartland adorned with European panache and filled with Oklahoma’s creative crowd. View & Book Devoted to art, innovation, sustainability, and philanthropy, this natural wonderland redefines the mindful community. View & Book An ancient palace in the heart of Palma means a fresh new take on Mallorca’s vibrant capital. View & Book Design Hotels picks Parīlio Paros, Greece Beloved by artists, families, and nightlife revelers, Paros is home to this all-suite beauty. Book Now A hot new spring perk A Night on Us Find your castle in the sand Beach Hotels Journal Stories People Trends Design The Future of Design Biophilia is not only humankind’s innate biological connection to nature, it’s design’s next big wave. Destinations An Insider’s Guide to Mexico City See where top photographer Sam Youkilis loves to eat, shop, and get truly inspired in Mexico’s capital. Originals Rumi and George Chopev Meet the Bulgarian hoteliers who are putting Sofia on the world’s hospitality map. Food Berlin’s Dalad Kambhu Fusing traditional Thai flavors with contemporary European tastes, Kambhu is a culinary star with a story to tell. Further AI and the Future of Creativity Can AI be a driving—and positive—force in design? These industry experts have a lot of thoughts on the matter. Further Expanded Horizons Psychedelic therapy is helping many people find spiritual meaning. It’s also a rising star in the travel industry. See more Journal Stories People Trends Design The Future of Design Biophilia is not only humankind’s innate biological connection to nature, it’s design’s next big wave. Destinations An Insider’s Guide to Mexico City See where top photographer Sam Youkilis loves to eat, shop, and get truly inspired in Mexico’s capital. Originals Rumi and George Chopev Meet the Bulgarian hoteliers who are putting Sofia on the world’s hospitality map. Food Berlin’s Dalad Kambhu Fusing traditional Thai flavors with contemporary European tastes, Kambhu is a culinary star with a story to tell. Further AI and the Future of Creativity Can AI be a driving—and positive—force in design? These industry experts have a lot of thoughts on the matter. Further Expanded Horizons Psychedelic therapy is helping many people find spiritual meaning. It’s also a rising star in the travel industry. Uncover more stories Meet our Originals Take me Further Originals He journeyed into the jungles of Mexico to find his purpose and his paradise. Boca de Agua Read his story See the hotel They added city style to Old World charm in a classic mountain village. the cōmodo Read their story See the hotel With a new vision for the Ivory Coast, he changed hospitality in West Africa. La Maison Palmier Read his story See the hotel Behold Sabah’s beauty and the vibrancy of Kota Kinabalu through the eyes of this daring trio. The Luma Hotel Read their story See the hotel Bacalar, Mexico Boca de Agua Bad Gastein, Austria the cōmodo Abidjan, Ivory Coast La Maison Palmier Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia The Luma Hotel More View all Hotels Enjoy a handpicked portfolio of one-of-a-kind properties across the globe View all Hotels Africa 8 Asia 33 Australia/Pacific 1 Caribbean 4 Europe 184 Middle East 1 North America 47 South America 3 View all Hotels Mexico Vibrant architecture, colorful cuisine, and vivid art: get lost in the many crafts and stories of Mexico. Mallorca Amid wild mountains, beachfronts, and hidden coves, this Balearic island is ripe for discovery. Lombok Experience the wild beaches, dense jungles, and hidden waterfalls of this magical island. Portugal Portugal seduces with its sandy islands, peaceful coves, sea cliffs, child-friendly cities, and delicious cuisine. Design Hotels is an unrivalled global community for design, architecture, and original hospitality experiences. Join the Community About us Join the journey Explore a handpicked selection of hotels in over 200 destinations Get up to 50% off at selected hotels with our Exclusive Community Deal Enjoy the best room and late check-out, when available Get invitations to local events and immersive experiences Tap into insider recommendations on culture and travel from our Community Receive weekly newsletters with the best offers and new openings © 2024 Design HotelsTM Contact Cancel booking Press Careers Membership Services Travel Pro Privacy Policy Impressum Terms & Conditions Cookie settings Instagram Facebook Pinterest LinkedIn Spotify Currency AED ALL AUD BDT BGN BHD BOB BRL CAD CHF CLP CNY DJF DKK DZD EGP ETB EUR FJD GBP GEL GMD HKD HRK HUF IDR ILS INR ISK JOD JPY KRW KWD LBP LYD MAD MOP MUR MXN MYR NGN NOK NZD OMR PKR PLN QAR RUB SAR SCR SEK SGD SYP THB TND TRY TWD UGX USD VND XAF XOF XPF YER ZAR