Nucleus Medical Media – Custom animations Skip to main content Hit enter to search or ESC to close Close Search Nucleus Medical Media search Menu Our Work Our Process Our Team Our Library About FAQs Contact search Menu Welcome to Nucleus Medical Media demo reel Creating visual solutions for the pharmaceutical, medical device, education, and healthcare industries. Nucleus Medical Media excels at using cinematic, 3D medical animation and illustration to make complex ideas easily understood. Our focus on scientific accuracy and engaging storytelling can be the key to presenting your audience the knowledge it needs to make informed decisions. Check out some of our recent projects! UroAmplitudeAugust 30, 2021 ColorKickJuly 1, 2021 T-cell Engager PlatformJuly 1, 2021 The Role of IL-1⍺ in InflammationJune 22, 2021 Tackling Chronic Liver DiseaseJune 22, 2021 What makes us a leader in our industry? Our Team If they write, illustrate, animate, or manage your project, they’ve earned a master’s degree in their craft, from a prestigious institution – and bring three to thirty year’s experience to the table.Check us out. Our Process It’s a team approach and you’re part of the team. We’ve designed and refined our creative process to include collaboration with our clients through all phases of a project, with six milestones that build toward success.Learn the six. Our Work We’ve created thousands of custom animations and illustrations for hundreds of clients, and garnered many of the industry’s top awards.See our work. Nucleus is a top thought leader for healthcare on YouTube, with an average 20 million monthly views and an audience of patients, healthcare providers, students and educators from around the world.If you have a product or service that speaks to our target audience, follow the link below to find out more about our YouTube sponsorship opportunities.more info “You guys are awesome and I’m super happy with the final product.” Trevor LevinConvergent Genomics “Nucleus Medical Media is the Pixar of medicine.” John Jain, MDSanta Monica Fertility, Santa Monica, Ca “Working with the Nucleus team was a very positive experience all around. Every member of the team was friendly, professional and creative! The finished product came out better than we hoped.” Michelle Y. Pappanastos, Senior Managing DirectorArgot Partners “The illustrations and videos that you have developed are an integral part of the educational process for our patients. Not only is the content accurate and of an incredibly high quality, but the videos are more detailed than I am able to provide in a conversational setting without the benefit of AV aids. I would strongly recommend their use.” Rick Hammesfahr, MDCenter for Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine, Marietta, GA “Working with Alex was great; she is very talented and super professional. We enjoyed our conversations! I would love to work with her again on these other projects.” Nancy WalshExactech Inc. “The animations are excellent. The picture they convey is spot on. I think they are better than most I've seen.” Dr. Phil Beron, OncologistUCLA Health System, Los Angeles, CA “A BIG THANK YOU! I’m impressed with how smooth the collaboration went, even with the ocean in between us. I was each time positively surprised with the professionalism of the service your agency delivered !!!” Luc Van AudenhoveSenior Product Manager EMEA, Digestive Health, AVANOS “I am of the opinion that the animations at Nucleus are second to none. I routinely use images and videos to explain neurological concepts to my patients.” James Armstrong MDArmstrong Neurology, Hickory, NC “Amazing! Alex & team – thank you so much for your dedication to this project. You have been quick, professional, and a delight to work with every step of the way! We really appreciate all you’ve done. Looking forward to collaborating on future projects together.” Lauren GriffinSr. Associate, Business Development & Strategy, Gastrointestinal Unit, Medtronic “Nucleus Medical Media delivered animation customized to our specifications ‐ and they delivered it quickly! Their staff is very knowledgeable and easy to work with, answering any question I had promptly and completely.” Beth A. Dombroski, Marketing AssociateGuthrie Healthcare Systems “First experiences are lasting ones. My first with Nucleus Medical Media could not have been better. The quality of the art at Nucleus enhances our ability to make the complicated world of medicine more understandable for all.” Emery C. King, Director of CommunicationsDetroit Medical Center “This is a dream coming true to be able to finally use your beautiful work!” Michelle Green, PR and Communications ManagerCentegra Health Let's get in touch contact us ExploreAbout Our Team Our Process Our Work FAQs YouTube Sponsorship Privacy Policy Contact 1275 Shiloh Road, Suite 3130 Kennesaw, GA 30144 | Toll-free: 800-333-0753 | Phone: 770-805-0460 | Email: Nucleus Medical Media © 2024 Nucleus Medical Media. Close Menu Our Work Our Process Our Team Our Library About FAQs Contact