MoneyWeek | Investment advice, analysis, finance news Moneyweek SUBSCRIBE Try 6 issues free × Search News Share Tips Investing Investing Investing Investing Stocks and Shares Commodities Funds Gold Personal Finance Personal Finance Personal Finance Personal Finance Savings Pensions Tax Bank accounts Mortgages Credit cards Economy Property Subscribe More Money Masterclass Latest Issue Newsletter MoneyWeek Glossary Newsletter sign up Newsletter TrendingThe 4% pension ruleShare tipsThe best one-year fixed savings accountsWhat's the latest with UK mortgage rates? Spring Budget 2024 - what it could mean for your finances The chancellor will unveil his Spring Budget tomorrow. We look at what could be in the red box, from a cut to National Insurance to 99% mortgages. Feature March 2024 NS&I Premium Bond winners – check now to see what you've won Pension Credit: claim by 5 March to secure extra £299 cost of living payment Features In the doghouse: hundreds of investment funds are underperforming - is it time to sell? News 6 ways to save on rail tickets Tips The 4% pension rule to retire comfortably Why you should write a will – and how to do it for free Sign up to Money MorningDon't miss the latest investment and personal finances news, market analysis, plus money-saving tips with our free twice-daily newsletterContact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Most Popular UK tax year end: full list of HMRC 2023/24 tax codes and what they mean explained With a new UK tax year now only weeks away, you may be wondering what your tax codes mean. What's the latest with UK mortgage rates? Mortgage rates have seen their biggest drop since 2022 following a January pricing war. But rate cuts are now starting to slow. What’s going on with mortgage rates? The best one-year fixed savings accounts – March 2024 Savings Earn nearly 6% on one-year fixed savings accounts – the best rate seen in 14 years. We have all the best deals available now Share tips of the week Tips MoneyWeek’s comprehensive guide to the best of this week’s share tips from the rest of the UK's financial pages. Tech stocks - are the 'Magnificent 7' stocks worth investing in? The grouping of major tech stocks, including Apple and Meta, delivered huge gains in 2023. But how should you approach investing in the sector in 2024? Waspi women: could they get £10,000 compensation under new bill? Many women born in the 1950s got a raw deal due to the rising state pension age. The “Waspi” campaign group has been lobbying for compensation for years - we outline the journey so far, and whether they might finally receive some money. Investing Nationwide: House prices creep up for the first time in over a year Nationwide’s latest house price index reveals property prices are finally rising. Will this pattern continue in 2024? Property Can a leap year make you richer? Feature Investors have an extra day to put their money to work on the stock markets in 2024 – we reveal if leap years can give your portfolio a bounce By Marc Shoffman Published 29 February 24 Investing Zoopla: Housing market rebound continues as buyer confidence returns Falling mortgage rates and higher demand boost property sales. What’s in store for the housing market for the rest of the year? By Vaishali Varu Published 29 February 24 Property How the rich invest: how traditional assets rather than luxuries boosted wealthy investor portfolios in 2023 Feature Rising stock markets contributed to an increase in ultra-high net worth individuals last year. We explain how the wealthy boosted their portfolios in 2023 By Marc Shoffman Published 28 February 24 Investing VIEW MORE INVESTING Personal Finance UK state pension could hit £13,000 ‘in next five years’ The state pension triple lock could add more than £1,500 to the state support if it’s continued beyond the next general election by the next government. State Pensions What could the Spring Budget mean for Premium Bonds? The chancellor is set to announce NS&I’s net financing target for the new tax year. Which way is it likely to go and what will it mean for Premium Bond holders? By Vaishali Varu Published 5 March 24 Personal Finance What are the best child bank accounts and should you open one? A current account can teach your child some valuable financial lessons. But which banks offer one and are they any good? By Katie Williams Published 4 March 24 Bank Accounts UK tax year end: full list of HMRC 2023/24 tax codes and what they mean explained With a new UK tax year now only weeks away, you may be wondering what your tax codes mean. By Henry Sandercock Published 4 March 24 Income Tax VIEW MORE PERSONAL FINANCE Economy How likely are Spring Budget tax cuts? What the economists say Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is expected to announce some tax cuts in the Spring Budget. But analysts warn they may come at a price for the UK Economy Retailer price inflation falls to near-2 year low, new figures show A fall in supermarket inflation led the way, with fresh food price hikes dropping significantly since January. By Henry Sandercock Published 27 February 24 Inflation Should your business invest in a VoIP phone service? Here's what you need to know about VOIP (voice over IP) services before landlines go digital in 2025. By David Prosser Published 24 February 24 Small Business VIEW MORE ECONOMY Property Nationwide: House prices creep up for the first time in over a year Nationwide’s latest house price index reveals property prices are finally rising. Will this pattern continue in 2024? Property Zoopla: Housing market rebound continues as buyer confidence returns Falling mortgage rates and higher demand boost property sales. What’s in store for the housing market for the rest of the year? By Vaishali Varu Published 29 February 24 Property Leasehold reforms progress through Parliament but have they been watered down? The Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill has passed its third reading in the House of Commons but campaigners feel let down By Marc Shoffman Published 28 February 24 Property VIEW MORE PROPERTY Money Masterclass UK state pension could hit £13,000 ‘in next five years’ The state pension triple lock could add more than £1,500 to the state support if it’s continued beyond the next general election by the next government. State Pensions What could the Spring Budget mean for Premium Bonds? The chancellor is set to announce NS&I’s net financing target for the new tax year. Which way is it likely to go and what will it mean for Premium Bond holders? By Vaishali Varu Published 5 March 24 Personal Finance What are the best child bank accounts and should you open one? A current account can teach your child some valuable financial lessons. But which banks offer one and are they any good? By Katie Williams Published 4 March 24 Bank Accounts UK tax year end: full list of HMRC 2023/24 tax codes and what they mean explained With a new UK tax year now only weeks away, you may be wondering what your tax codes mean. By Henry Sandercock Published 4 March 24 Income Tax VIEW MORE MONEY MASTERCLASS Meet the team Kalpana Fitzpatrick Senior Digital Editor Marc Shoffman Contributing editor Katie Williams Writer Vaishali Varu Staff Writer Henry Sandercock Writer Useful links Subscribe Subscribe to MoneyWeek Get the MoneyWeek newsletter Latest Issue MoneyWeek Financial glossary MoneyWeek Wealth Summit Money Masterclass Most Popular Best savings accounts Share tips Where will house prices go? About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Advertise with us Moneyweek is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.