Ancestry® | Genealogy, Family Trees & Family History Records SUBSCRIBE FREE TRIAL LOG IN LOG IN SIGN UP SIGN UP FR Get to know you with Ancestry® Get to know you with Ancestry® Family history membership Family history membership Discover your family story with a free 14-day trial.* Discover your family story with a free 14-day trial.* Start free trial AncestryDNA® AncestryDNA® Uncover your heritage and make new family connections with AncestryDNA®. Uncover your heritage and make new family connections with AncestryDNA®. Order now *Free trial auto-renews after 14 days unless cancelled. Terms apply. © Hulton Archives/Getty Images Discover your family story with a 14‑day free trial.* © Hulton Archives/Getty Images Start free trial *Free trial auto-renews after 14 days unless cancelled. Terms apply. Uncover your heritage and make new family connections with AncestryDNA®. See offers AncestryDNA® gives you much more than just the places you're from. With clear-cut historical insights and rich geographic details, we connect you to the places in the world where your story started—and you might even discover living relatives. Explore AncestryDNA® AncestryDNA® gives you much more than just the places you're from. With clear-cut historical insights and rich geographic details, we connect you to the places in the world where your story started—and you might even discover living relatives Explore AncestryDNA® Explore AncestryDNA® Ancestry helps you understand your genealogy. A family tree takes you back generations—the world’s largest collection of online records makes it possible. Learn more Learn more Learn more Use both and learn amazing things about… you. Only Ancestry combines DNA results and the largest collection of records for the best insight into your genealogy and origins. "I thought I had married an Italian?" Marrying into Eric's family, Katherine was told of a rich Italian family history—"My lineage was all Vecchios and the Zuccolis," according to Eric. But when Eric's AncestryDNA results said he was only 16%, Katherine took on the search and discovered an Eastern European ancestor he never knew he had. Katherine and Eric used both AncestryDNA and a family tree to solve their mystery—how will you begin your journey? Explore your ethnicity Top 5 questions about Ancestry How secure and private is AncestryDNA? Your privacy is important to us. We use industry standard security practices to store your DNA sample, your DNA test results, and other personal data you provide to us. In addition, we store your DNA test results and DNA sample without your name or other common identifying information. You own your DNA data. At any time, you can choose to download raw DNA data, have us delete your DNA test results as described in the AncestryDNA Privacy Statement, or have us destroy your physical DNA saliva sample. We do not share with third parties your name or other common identifying information linked to your genetic data, except as legally required or with your explicit consent. What will my AncestryDNA results look like? AncestryDNA is a cutting edge DNA testing service that utilizes some of the latest autosomal testing technology to revolutionize the way you discover your family history. This service combines advanced DNA science with the world's largest online family history resource to predict your genetic ethnicity and help you find new family connections. It maps ethnicity going back multiple generations and provides insight into such possibilities as: what region of Europe are my ancestors from, or am I likely to have East Asian heritage? AncestryDNA can also help identify relationships with unknown relatives through a dynamic list of DNA matches. Why should I use AncestryDNA instead of another DNA test? Your AncestryDNA results include information about your ethnicity across 2,500+ regions and identifies potential relatives through DNA matching to others who have taken the AncestryDNA test. Your results are a great starting point for more family history research, and they can also be a way to dig even deeper into the research you've already done. How do I know if I'll find anything? The AncestryDNA test may predict if you are at least partly Native American, which includes some tribes that are indigenous to North America, including the U.S., Canada and Mexico. The results do not currently provide a specific tribal affiliation. (Please note that your AncestryDNA ethnicity results cannot be used as a substitute for legal documentation.) How do Ancestry and AncestryDNA work together? AncestryDNA is a simple saliva test you can do in the comfort of your own home. Once you order, you will receive the AncestryDNA kit in the mail in a matter of days. Your AncestryDNA kit includes full instructions, a saliva collection tube, and a pre-paid return mailer (so you don't have additional costs to return your DNA.) After returning your sample by just dropping it in the mail, your DNA is processed at the lab. You then receive an email notifying you that your results are ready to explore on the AncestryDNA website. How would you like to begin? There are many paths to finding your family story. Whichever way you choose—tracing your family generations back with a family tree or uncovering your ethnicity with AncestryDNA—we'll be here to help you. Uncover your ethnicity and more with AncestryDNA Explore AncestryDNA Search billions of records and discover your family story Start my free trial Genealogy Resources Surname Meanings Historical Person Search Genealogy Obituaries Historical Collections Vital Records Census Records Military Records All Records Family Trees Create a Family Tree Pedigree Charts Search Public Trees