Homepage | DataJournalism.com DataJournalism.com Beta Read Longform reads Climate change through a solutions and data lens New climate metrics for new climate conversations Data gives voice to women on climate change Kill switch: reporting on and during internet shutdowns Data drives media coverage of climate refugees How to create data visualisations that serve the public Uncovering the truth: Exploring the benefits of federated databases for policing records They're not database rows; they're people All Longform reads Verification Handbook For Disinformation And Media Manipulation Read online Data Journalism Handbook 2 The latest edition explores innovative ways that data is analysed, created, and used in the context of journalism. Read online Watch New course Quality journalism Countering hate speech Julia Mozer All courses New course Video course Fundamental search for journalists Vincent Ryan All courses Popular course Coding Python for journalists Winny de Jong All courses Listen Survey Search Where journalism meets data Need to learn new data skills, increase your data journalism knowledge or advance your career? Search All expertise The State of Data Journalism Survey 2023 What are the biggest challenges facing data journalists worldwide? Share your insights with us about the state of data journalism in our latest survey available in English, Italian, and Spanish. Survey participants could win a free trip to the IJF 2024 in Perugia. The survey is open until 11 January 2024. TAKE THE SURVEY Intermediate Covering issues Telling climate stories through a solutions and data lens How solutions storytelling can engage local communities on mitigating the climate crisis The time is now for journalists to halt the doom and gloom narrative around the climate crisis and instead reframe the narrative with a solutions approach. Journalist Sherry Ricchiardi examines how to tell such solutions stories with data by highlighting case studies from Unbias The News and the BBC. READ MORE All expertise Best practices How to approach environmental investigations with OSINT Hear what it takes to bring open source data to uncover the invisible Our latest blog sums up our Conversations With Data podcast episode on covering environmental investigations with open source intelligence (OSINT). We sat down with Sam Leon from Data Desk and Ben Heubl from Süddeutsche Zeitung who explained what it takes to uncover environmental wrongdoing with satellite data, maps and more. READ MORE All expertise Covering issues Here's what we learned from our podcast series on environmental justice In our latest Conversations With Data episode, we spoke with two award-winning journalists covering race and environmental justice. The pair explain how data and solutions journalism inform their reporting. They point to some excellent resources to support your knowledge of the intersection between race and climate issues. READ MORE All expertise Data visualisation Reshaping how we visualise the climate crisis How people interpret the climate crisis is being reimagined by a team of researchers, designers and journalists. The result is a new dashboard visualising climate metrics in a new light. Writer Duncan Geere explains how it all came together and what it means for climate journalists. READ MORE All expertise Covering issues Data gives voice to women on climate change How to cover the climate crisis with a focus on gender Scientific evidence clearly shows that women bear the brunt of climate change, yet until recently, scant attention has been paid to their plight. In many instances, the data are there, waiting to be discovered. Sherry Ricchiardi examines how to cover this pressing topic with solutions reporting underpinned by data. READ MORE All expertise Awards Climate Journalism Award Winners announced The Climate Journalism Award ceremony took place in October 2023 in Lisbon at the News Impact Summit. Hosted by the European Journalism Centre and sponsored by Google News Initiative, the award attracted 181 entries from 46 countries. Check out the winning entries of the five award categories. READ MORE Beginner 2h Data Journalism Handbook 2 Towards a Critical Data Practice What is data journalism? What is it for? What might it do? What opportunities and limitations does it present? Who and what is involved in making sense of it? This book is a collaborative experiment responding to these and other questions. Liliana Bounegru, Jonathan Gray READ AND DOWNLOAD Best practices Verification Handbook +Translations For Disinformation And Media Manipulation The Verification Handbook brings a fresh new angle to the extremely relevant topics of misinformation and disinformation. The book is available for free download in English, Arabic, Turkish, Italian and German. READ THE BOOK Our original Long Reads, written by the best data experts Newest Trending Popular View All Intermediate 12 min Covering issues Climate change through a solutions and data lens How solutions storytelling can engage local communities and bring local reporters together to solve the climate crisis. Sherry Ricchiardi All expertise 16 min Data visualisation New climate metrics for new climate conversations New metrics and visualisations are being developed by a multidisciplinary team of researchers, designers and journalists to reshape how we interpret the climate crisis and its impact on people's daily lives. Duncan Geere All expertise 15 min Data collection Data gives voice to women on climate change Scientific evidence clearly shows that women bear the brunt of climate change, yet until recently, scant attention has been paid to their plight. In many instances, the data are there, waiting to be discovered. Sherry Ricchiardi 17 min Case studies Kill switch: reporting on and during internet shutdowns What can data journalists do to report on Internet shutdowns, which are becoming increasingly common by governments? This article provides a guide with real-world examples you can use to raise your voice. Sabrina Faramarzi Beginner Intermediate 17 min Data analysis Putting data back into context Data are never neutral ‘givens’, but always situated in a particular context, collected for a particular reason -- and it’s crucial that data journalists understand these. Catherine D'Ignazio Intermediate 22 min Data visualisation The unspoken rules of visualisation Designers often follow a set of strict conventions when creating visualisations. Kaiser Fung examines the fundamental rules of data visualisation, why they are important, and when it is okay to break them. Kaiser Fung 15 min Covering issues Reporting beyond the case numbers: How to brainstorm COVID-19 data story ideas While many journalists around the world report the daily infection rate and death toll of COVID-19, audiences are seeking other stories that show the impact of the virus on their lives. How can journalists tell those wider stories with data? Paul Bradshaw Beginner 14 min Data visualisation The essential lies in news maps In order to display three-dimensional world we live in, journalists are forced to distort reality. And every map does so in its own way. Maarten Lambrechts looks at commonly used maps and how to avoid being misled by them. Maarten Lambrechts Beginner 14 min Data visualisation The essential lies in news maps In order to display three-dimensional world we live in, journalists are forced to distort reality. And every map does so in its own way. Maarten Lambrechts looks at commonly used maps and how to avoid being misled by them. Maarten Lambrechts Beginner Intermediate 17 min Data analysis Putting data back into context Data are never neutral ‘givens’, but always situated in a particular context, collected for a particular reason -- and it’s crucial that data journalists understand these. Catherine D'Ignazio Beginner 15 min Data analysis Spreadsheets for journalism Many journalists see themselves as “word people” and shy away from writing about numbers. Brant Houston shows how to embrace math with an overview of spreadsheets and functions for beginners. Brant Houston All expertise 14 min Data visualisation Ethics Designing data visualisations with empathy How do you get audience members, much less the journalists presenting a story, to walk a mile in the shoes of a dot? Or a bar chart? P. Kim Bui provides three approaches for achieving empathy in data visualisations. Kim Bui Our Handbooks Verification 3 Data 2 Data 1 Verification 2 Verification 1 For Disinformation And Media Manipulation The latest edition of the Verification Handbook arrives at a critical moment. Today’s information environment is more chaotic and easier to manipulate than ever before. This book equips journalists with the knowledge to investigate social media accounts, bots, private messaging apps, information operations, deep fakes, as well as other forms of disinformation and media manipulation. The first resource of its kind, it builds on the first edition of the Verification Handbook and the Verification Handbook for Investigative Reporting. The book is published by the European Journalism Centre and supported by Craig Newmark Philanthropies. READ ONLINE Towards a Critical Data Practice What is data journalism? What is it for? What might it do? What opportunities and limitations does it present? Who and what is involved in making and making sense of it? The new edition of the Data Journalism Handbook explores new and innovative ways in which data is analysed, created and used in the context of journalism. And beyond that: it also reflects on the social, cultural, political and economic circumstances in which data journalism is embedded. READ ONLINE How journalists can use data to improve the news When you combine the sheer scale and range of digital information now available with a journalist’s "nose for news" and her ability to tell a compelling story, a new world of possibility opens up. Explore the potential, limits, and applied uses of this new and fascinating field. This valuable handbook has attracted scores of contributors since the European Journalism Centre and the Open Knowledge Foundation launched the project at MozFest 2011. Through a collection of tips and techniques from leading journalists, professors, software developers, and data analysts, you’ll learn how data can be either the source of data journalism or a tool with which the story is told—or both. READ ONLINE A Guide To Online Search And Research Techniques For Using UGC And Open Source Information In Investigations Based on the conclusions of the first book, this second edition of the Verification Handbook sheds light on the use of open data and open source information to produce critical journalistic investigations. As new challenges have emerged in the digital sphere, wider opportunities to carry out more comprehensive investigations have arisen as well. The authors of the book take the reader on a walk-through to hone their online investigation tactics, providing them with step-by-step guidance to apply research, fact-checking, and data journalism techniques. READ ONLINE A Definitive Guide To Verifying Digital Content For Emergency Coverage The first edition of the Verification Handbook has become a definitive reference for professionals worldwide. This book laid the foundations for the process of digital content verification and opened a necessary debate about the steps to follow for ensuring the accuracy of reporting within emergency situations. Used by educators and journalists of any level, this pioneering book is an essential read for learning about the best-practices for verifying user-generated content and developing appropriate verification processes. READ ONLINE Detailed courses and expert interviews for all workflow levels Newest Trending Popular View All Quality journalism Countering hate speech Julia Mozer Video course Fundamental search for journalists Vincent Ryan Coding Python for journalists Winny de Jong Best practices When to hire a data journalist Winny de Jong Data analysis Going Viral Using Social Media Analytics Stijn Debrouwere Slider Prev Slider next Coding Python for journalists Winny de Jong Covering issues Doing Journalism with Data: First Steps, Skills and Tools Paul Bradshaw, Steve Doig, Simon Rogers, Nicolas Kayser-Bril, Alberto Cairo Video course Fundamental search for journalists Vincent Ryan Data collection Cleaning Data in Excel Maarten Lambrechts Quality journalism Countering hate speech Julia Mozer Data visualisation Mapping for Journalists Maarten Lambrechts Slider Prev Slider next Coding Python for journalists Winny de Jong Covering issues Doing Journalism with Data: First Steps, Skills and Tools Paul Bradshaw, Steve Doig, Simon Rogers, Nicolas Kayser-Bril, Alberto Cairo Data visualisation Charting Tools for the Newsroom Maarten Lambrechts Data analysis Going Viral Using Social Media Analytics Stijn Debrouwere Data collection Cleaning Data in Excel Maarten Lambrechts Best practices When to hire a data journalist Winny de Jong Data visualisation Mapping for Journalists Maarten Lambrechts Case studies Verification: The Basics Craig Silverman, Claire Wardle Slider Prev Slider next Learn data journalism through the power of community Newest topics Hot topics Join the other 9,000 members to participate in our community, to exchange ideas and stay up-to-date with the latest on data journalism. Countering hate speech 18 "Hi I am Francis from South Sudan" By francis Awang Scrape data 25 "with open('reactorUnit.csv', 'w', newline='') as myFile: for row in table.find_all('tr'): cells =..." By Felix Zhang Analyse data 9 "I think we should replace df = df.drop('Unnamed: 0', 1) --> I think it is no longer in use. with del..." By Ravi Verma Clean data 38 "When I wrote and run 'import pandas as pd' from jupyter it gives the following error: ModuleNotFoundError ..." By Ravi Verma Course introduction: meet the instructors 10 "Good to be here." By Kal Oot Introduction to scraping 2 "2014" By Kal Oot Fundamental search for journalists 45 "Very interesting! Thank you!" By Annapaola Paparo Course introduction 2 "First, thank you for this opportunity course." By Abdiaziiz Abdulle The Fundamentals "Can't seem to reach checkdesk.org right now. Hmmm..." By Jeremiah Elloso Getting started 19 "Can I use Colaboratory instead of Conda? How would I apply it for that?" By Martina Efeyini Inside a data team 7 "Everything's great so far." By Dali Mwagore Module introduction "I dont see the quiz on What is data journalism?" By Dali Mwagore Geo and mapping 4 "Nice, short and highly informative course. Thank You!" By Rajan Mithra What is data journalism? 6 "Where is the quiz?" By Dali Mwagore RAWGraphs 4 "Short and concise course. Can't believe such good content is available for free. Thanks DataJournalism.com. Planning..." By Rajan Mithra The main principles of datavisualisation "Pretty cool instruction! It directly shows me what a good and bad visualisation is." By Yijie Gong Bonus: Hands-on with Adobe Illustrator 5 "This is really wonderful, I learnt a lot. Thank you Sir." By Yakubu Liman Static maps with QGIS 8 "I am finding it hard to have the data displayed on my QGIS. Can't say if it is the version. If i click on the data,..." By Arinze Chijioke Production and publication "Thanks that was a good inside look" By Vivek VS Variables and processes at play "It was a nice presentation. Got a picture of managing a data journalism project in a nutshell" By Vivek VS Course introduction 2 "Thanks for the guidance" By Vivek VS File encoding, inspecting & correcting data 7 "There is a lot we can do with excel." By Arinze Chijioke Crediting and Labelling "I believe that Marksta and Tagg.ly are also outdated. Are there any alternatives?" By Ahmed El-Affendi Ethics and Protecting your Sources "Geosocialfootprint,com isn't working properly. Are there any substitutes ?" By Ahmed El-Affendi Data Journalists Discuss Their Tools of Choice "I like instad.io It is a free online restyler that converts a chart (Excel/Google Sheets) or, for example, a..." By Olga Zemskova Formulas and pivot tables 5 "Amazing course! Thank you, Maarten!" By Marina Vujnovic How to turn numbers into stories 7 "OK, thanks." By John Coyle Data Journalism: In Whose Interests? "This topic is also covered a lot in radio shows on https://emisorasderadioonline.es/" By aldonsa aleta Keep it simple 2 "Thank you very much. What I love the most from this course is the way Stijn Debrouwere thinks about Analytics and..." By Tran Phuc Sorting and filtering data in Excel "I cannot download the excel file!" By Tran Phuc Creating different types of charts "In these chart-builder videos some common data presentation mistakes are made. for example the scatter plot in this..." By Cherie Tollemache The business case for data journalism "Great, this is very insightful and eye opener. Excellent presentations, Thanks Mr. Rogers." By Yakubu Liman Choosing the best graphic forms 4 "This is so awesome! Really great professor. He explains everything in very simple manner." By Sayali Khandekar Static maps 2 "Same here. The version installed is Zurich" By Nicolaie Constantinescu Join multiple datasets "What an amazing, interesting and useful course. Thank you, Maarten Lambrechts." By Gustavo Pérez Using formatting and basic formulas 5 "Excellent Martin - learnt a lot - you explain very well. Thank you" By Ravi Visvanathan Course introduction "Great beginning!" By Akbota Uzbekbay Visualisation "Hi Vincent. I tried searching for flourish.studio/newsroom but it says the page doesn't exist. Any advice on how to..." By Duarte Silva Investigating Disinformation and Media Manipulation 2 "The biggest problem is, especially in developing countries, that the huge part of civil society is not developed..." By Filip Mirilovic Introduction 5 "Hi Winny, I have tried to perform web scraping on two different websites but not successful. The error is "list..." By Samuel Adeapin Capturing racial justice protests with data "Thank you for sharing the list of investigation tools! This is fantastic. As a Canadian living in Montreal, I'm a..." By Duncan Anderson The power of predictive analytics "Predictive analytics has grown in popularity in the healthcare and medical research communities but perhaps nothing..." By Susan Obijiski Mastering data for better business journalism "Dear Erik, thank you for your detailed article, authentic voice, understandable. I am Magda from Greece and i have a..." By Magda Konstantinidou Giving data soul: best practices for ethical data journalism "Realizing that Reality is not what we make of it, the job for all human adults is to strive to make things clear..." By gregory anderson Course introduction "good" By nabeel humran Data scraping for stories "Great Insights about data scraping! They're very helpful. Here is a blog I would love to..." By Paula Herrera Interactive maps with CARTO 2 "Hi, similar data is found here: https://data.world/datamil/world-war-ii-thor-data. It holds bombings of the entire world" By Pascal Albisser Reporting beyond the case numbers: How to brainstorm COVID-19 data story ideas "Very informative writte. Excellent..." By Shahin Babu Advanced search 3 "I watched this course video on VIMEO instead of on-site - will this be ok as course participation? Also, is it..." By Veneeta Singha How to use Chartbuilder "For whoever interested on learning about Chartbuilder please note that Quartz is no longer developing or supporting..." By Abderahmane Bensalem Safety 2 "Thank you for bringing this to our attention Tiberio. The resources are updated." By Ivan Picart Module introduction "Hi Sir ..i m very very Excited" By Wajahat Ullah For the Great Unnamed "I am Wajahat Ullah from Pakistan. I am student of journalism and Mass communication at AWKUM." By Wajahat Ullah The dos and don'ts of predictive journalism "You make essential points for writers coming to data journalism. (Also, you provide analytic specialist with..." By Richard Careaga Putting data back into context 2 "I've gained so much insight as a data-journalism enthusiast after reading this article. I'm really looking forward..." By Duncan Anderson The Handbook At A Glance "What a great infographic! I am amazed. I have never saw an infographic, which is colourful and informative about the..." By Niki Koutsoftides Strategic searching - tips and tricks "For a social bookmarking site, I'd suggest https://tagpacker.com Before delicious.com was retired and became a..." By C Jaeger What Is Data Journalism? "Everyblock seems to be run down by new owner Nextdoor" By Johanna Kare-Haavisto Data journalism in disaster zones "What about the countries of the conflicts wars internal like Libya?" By aymen alhowek The Algorithms Beat: Angles and Methods for Investigation "hier steht gar nicht, wer den Artikel geschrieben hat, er war es: http://www.nickdiakopoulos.com/publications/" By Malte Hildebrand Let’s get physical: how to represent data through touch 2 "Thank you for this article - it made me inspired. I'm a synesthete (seeing colours and shapes of touch, music,..." By Paulina Sajna-Kosobucka Under-reported news 2 "Fantastic Newsletter issue. Thanks for providing all this for free." By Tommy Kenis Slider Prev Slider next Fundamental search for journalists 45 "Very interesting! Thank you!" By Annapaola Paparo Clean data 38 "When I wrote and run 'import pandas as pd' from jupyter it gives the following error: ModuleNotFoundError ..." By Ravi Verma Scrape data 25 "with open('reactorUnit.csv', 'w', newline='') as myFile: for row in table.find_all('tr'): cells =..." By Felix Zhang Getting started 19 "Can I use Colaboratory instead of Conda? How would I apply it for that?" By Martina Efeyini Countering hate speech 18 "Hi I am Francis from South Sudan" By francis Awang Course introduction: meet the instructors 10 "Good to be here." By Kal Oot Analyse data 9 "I think we should replace df = df.drop('Unnamed: 0', 1) --> I think it is no longer in use. with del..." By Ravi Verma Static maps with QGIS 8 "I am finding it hard to have the data displayed on my QGIS. Can't say if it is the version. If i click on the data,..." By Arinze Chijioke File encoding, inspecting & correcting data 7 "There is a lot we can do with excel." By Arinze Chijioke How to turn numbers into stories 7 "OK, thanks." By John Coyle Inside a data team 7 "Everything's great so far." By Dali Mwagore What is data journalism? 6 "Where is the quiz?" By Dali Mwagore Using formatting and basic formulas 5 "Excellent Martin - learnt a lot - you explain very well. Thank you" By Ravi Visvanathan Bonus: Hands-on with Adobe Illustrator 5 "This is really wonderful, I learnt a lot. Thank you Sir." By Yakubu Liman Formulas and pivot tables 5 "Amazing course! Thank you, Maarten!" By Marina Vujnovic Introduction 5 "Hi Winny, I have tried to perform web scraping on two different websites but not successful. The error is "list..." By Samuel Adeapin Geo and mapping 4 "Nice, short and highly informative course. Thank You!" By Rajan Mithra RAWGraphs 4 "Short and concise course. Can't believe such good content is available for free. Thanks DataJournalism.com. Planning..." By Rajan Mithra Choosing the best graphic forms 4 "This is so awesome! Really great professor. He explains everything in very simple manner." By Sayali Khandekar Advanced search 3 "I watched this course video on VIMEO instead of on-site - will this be ok as course participation? Also, is it..." By Veneeta Singha Keep it simple 2 "Thank you very much. What I love the most from this course is the way Stijn Debrouwere thinks about Analytics and..." By Tran Phuc Interactive maps with CARTO 2 "Hi, similar data is found here: https://data.world/datamil/world-war-ii-thor-data. It holds bombings of the entire world" By Pascal Albisser Safety 2 "Thank you for bringing this to our attention Tiberio. The resources are updated." By Ivan Picart Investigating Disinformation and Media Manipulation 2 "The biggest problem is, especially in developing countries, that the huge part of civil society is not developed..." By Filip Mirilovic Putting data back into context 2 "I've gained so much insight as a data-journalism enthusiast after reading this article. I'm really looking forward..." By Duncan Anderson Static maps 2 "Same here. The version installed is Zurich" By Nicolaie Constantinescu Let’s get physical: how to represent data through touch 2 "Thank you for this article - it made me inspired. I'm a synesthete (seeing colours and shapes of touch, music,..." By Paulina Sajna-Kosobucka Under-reported news 2 "Fantastic Newsletter issue. Thanks for providing all this for free." By Tommy Kenis Course introduction 2 "First, thank you for this opportunity course." By Abdiaziiz Abdulle Introduction to scraping 2 "2014" By Kal Oot Course introduction 2 "Thanks for the guidance" By Vivek VS Data Journalism: In Whose Interests? "This topic is also covered a lot in radio shows on https://emisorasderadioonline.es/" By aldonsa aleta Module introduction "I dont see the quiz on What is data journalism?" By Dali Mwagore How to use Chartbuilder "For whoever interested on learning about Chartbuilder please note that Quartz is no longer developing or supporting..." By Abderahmane Bensalem The Fundamentals "Can't seem to reach checkdesk.org right now. Hmmm..." By Jeremiah Elloso Module introduction "Hi Sir ..i m very very Excited" By Wajahat Ullah For the Great Unnamed "I am Wajahat Ullah from Pakistan. I am student of journalism and Mass communication at AWKUM." By Wajahat Ullah The Handbook At A Glance "What a great infographic! I am amazed. I have never saw an infographic, which is colourful and informative about the..." By Niki Koutsoftides The dos and don'ts of predictive journalism "You make essential points for writers coming to data journalism. (Also, you provide analytic specialist with..." By Richard Careaga The main principles of datavisualisation "Pretty cool instruction! It directly shows me what a good and bad visualisation is." By Yijie Gong Strategic searching - tips and tricks "For a social bookmarking site, I'd suggest https://tagpacker.com Before delicious.com was retired and became a..." By C Jaeger What Is Data Journalism? "Everyblock seems to be run down by new owner Nextdoor" By Johanna Kare-Haavisto Data journalism in disaster zones "What about the countries of the conflicts wars internal like Libya?" By aymen alhowek The Algorithms Beat: Angles and Methods for Investigation "hier steht gar nicht, wer den Artikel geschrieben hat, er war es: http://www.nickdiakopoulos.com/publications/" By Malte Hildebrand Reporting beyond the case numbers: How to brainstorm COVID-19 data story ideas "Very informative writte. Excellent..." By Shahin Babu Data scraping for stories "Great Insights about data scraping! They're very helpful. Here is a blog I would love to..." By Paula Herrera Sorting and filtering data in Excel "I cannot download the excel file!" By Tran Phuc Course introduction "good" By nabeel humran Giving data soul: best practices for ethical data journalism "Realizing that Reality is not what we make of it, the job for all human adults is to strive to make things clear..." By gregory anderson Mastering data for better business journalism "Dear Erik, thank you for your detailed article, authentic voice, understandable. I am Magda from Greece and i have a..." By Magda Konstantinidou The power of predictive analytics "Predictive analytics has grown in popularity in the healthcare and medical research communities but perhaps nothing..." By Susan Obijiski Capturing racial justice protests with data "Thank you for sharing the list of investigation tools! This is fantastic. As a Canadian living in Montreal, I'm a..." By Duncan Anderson Production and publication "Thanks that was a good inside look" By Vivek VS Variables and processes at play "It was a nice presentation. Got a picture of managing a data journalism project in a nutshell" By Vivek VS Visualisation "Hi Vincent. I tried searching for flourish.studio/newsroom but it says the page doesn't exist. Any advice on how to..." By Duarte Silva Course introduction "Great beginning!" By Akbota Uzbekbay Join multiple datasets "What an amazing, interesting and useful course. Thank you, Maarten Lambrechts." By Gustavo Pérez Crediting and Labelling "I believe that Marksta and Tagg.ly are also outdated. Are there any alternatives?" By Ahmed El-Affendi Ethics and Protecting your Sources "Geosocialfootprint,com isn't working properly. Are there any substitutes ?" By Ahmed El-Affendi Data Journalists Discuss Their Tools of Choice "I like instad.io It is a free online restyler that converts a chart (Excel/Google Sheets) or, for example, a..." By Olga Zemskova Creating different types of charts "In these chart-builder videos some common data presentation mistakes are made. for example the scatter plot in this..." By Cherie Tollemache The business case for data journalism "Great, this is very insightful and eye opener. Excellent presentations, Thanks Mr. Rogers." By Yakubu Liman Slider Prev Slider next PARTICIPATE 17500+ Registered data journalism students, from all over the world 27+ Over 27 hours of quality free video courses to watch and follow 70+ 70 hours of reading material, including 5 Handbooks and Long Reads 202 Content from contributors and experts in their field About About us The team Blog Partnerships Branding Contact Made possible by Write for us Contributors Partners Useful links Latest discussions FAQ Newsletters archive Small print Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Code of conduct Social media Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Created by Supported by Review your cookie settings for the optimal site experience. Social Features: allows us to show embedded Tweets Usage Insights: helps us improve the website Necessary Statistics Social