NOAA Office of National Marine Sanctuaries Toggle navigation Toggle search National Marine Sanctuaries Skip to main content Visit Visit Us Visitor Centers & Exhibits Things to Do Get into Your Sanctuary Day Ecosystems Wildlife Viewing News Latest News Press Releases Earth Is Blue Earth is Blue Magazine Stories from the Blue For Media Notes From the Field Newsletter Federal Register Notices Calendar Explore Overview Climate Science Maritime Heritage MPAs Socioeconomics Small Boat Program Nomination Learn Overview Education Heritage History FAQs Get Involved Multimedia Photos & Videos Earth Is Blue Stories from the Blue Virtual Dives Posters Maps Sanctuaries Live About Overview Policy & Planning Regions Publications Strategic Plan Work For Us Contact Español Celebrate 50 Years of Ocean Conservation and Stewardship Join the Celebration! National Marine Sanctuary System The Office of National Marine Sanctuaries serves as the trustee for a network of underwater parks encompassing more than 620,000 square miles of marine and Great Lakes waters from Washington state to the Florida Keys, and from Lake Huron to American Samoa. The network includes a system of 15 national marine sanctuaries and Papahānaumokuākea and Rose Atoll marine national monuments. Eastern Region Florida Keys Flower Garden Banks Gray's Reef Hudson Canyon (in designation) Lake Erie (in designation) Lake Ontario (in designation) Mallows Bay-Potomac River Monitor Stellwagen Bank Thunder Bay Wisconsin-Shipwreck Coast West Coast Region Channel Islands Chumash Heritage (in designation) Cordell Bank Greater Farallones Monterey Bay Olympic Coast Pacific Islands Region American Samoa Hawaii Humpback Whale Pacific Remote Islands (in designation) Papahānaumokuākea Olympic Coast National Marine Sanctuary Washington Coast, USA Sanctuary News Read NOAA has released for public comment the draft designation documents for the proposed Papahānaumokuākea National Marine Sanctuary Read NOAA Re-Launches the Ocean Guardian Dive Club Read New Study Opens Window to Cultural Past in Great Lakes Sanctuary Read 10 Animals You’ve Probably Never Heard of From Our Annual Photo Contest View 2023 Volunteers of the Year View 2023 Get Into Your Sanctuary Photo Contest Winners Read Florida Keys Reveals Interactive Visitor Center: 2023 Sea to Shining Sea Award Read Ecosystems Under Stress: Restoring South Florida's Everglades and Coral Reefs Read Ala 'Aumoana Kai Uli in Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument Read more stories National Marine Sanctuary System Posters During the National Marine Sanctuary System's 50th anniversary celebration in 2022, a commemorative poster series was launched to capture the beauty and diversity of each site in the system. The posters are two sided, featuring original artwork on the front and educational information on the back. Other posters created for the system over the years have also been added. Dive in and download your sanctuary posters today! Virtual Dives Immerse yourself in the ocean and your national marine sanctuaries without getting wet! Dive Into Your Sanctuaries Our planet is an ocean planet: Earth Is Blue. The National Marine Sanctuary System protects some of the most iconic underwater places throughout the United States, but we can't do it without you. No matter where you are, the ocean and Great Lakes are in your hands. We hope these images inspire you to help care for our ocean and to spread the word that Earth isn't green – it's blue. Join us on and submit your own photos. View More Photos Stories from the Blue Stories from the Blue celebrate the people at the center of national marine sanctuaries and marine national monuments. What does the National Marine Sanctuary System mean to you? What does the National Marine Sanctuary System mean to you? Earth is Blue Magazine Earth Is Blue Magazine - Volume 6 Read Online Download PDF Earth Is Blue Magazine - Volume 5 Read Online Download PDF Earth Is Blue Magazine - Volume 4 Read Online Download PDF Earth Is Blue Magazine - Volume 3 Read Online Download PDF Earth Is Blue Magazine - Volume 2 Read Online Download PDF Earth Is Blue Magazine - Volume 1 Read Online Download PDF Sanctuary Nomination Process NOAA invites communities across the nation to nominate their most treasured places in our marine and Great Lakes waters for consideration as national marine sanctuaries. nominate.noaa.gov Visit National marine sanctuaries are ideal destinations for travelers who enjoy a diversity of recreational activities. Plan your visit Get Involved Volunteers help to ensure marine sanctuaries remain America's underwater treasures for future generations. How you can help Home Visit News Explore Learn Get Involved Photos & Videos About Contact Jobs Disclaimer Information Quality Freedom of Information Act Privacy Policy User Survey Website owner: National Ocean Service | NOAA | Department of Commerce