Fit Small Business: Get Your Business Into Shape! Fit Small Business Search for: Menu HR Retail Sales Marketing Accounting Real Estate More Categories Starting a Business Banking Credit Cards Financing Insurance Office Technology Online Business Taxes Restaurants BE A PARTNER WORK AT FSB About Newsletter Newsletter HR Retail Sales Marketing Accounting Real Estate More Categories Starting a Business Banking Credit Cards Financing Insurance Office Technology Online Business Taxes Restaurants Expert answers to your small business questions. Search Retail Retail Meaghan Brophy Meaghan has provided content and guidance for indie retailers as the editor for a number of retail publications and a speaker at trade shows. Explore all of our Retail content. 6 New PayPal Features Announced January 2024 10 Best POS Systems for Small Business Gen Z Consumer Behaviors: Understand Gen Z Shopping Habits See All Articles Human Resources Human Resources Heather Landau Heather has worked to help hundreds of small business owners in managing many aspects of their business, from bookkeeping to accounting to HR. Explore all of our Human Resources content. 6 Steps on How to Hire Employees 9 Best Payroll Software for Small Business Users in 2024 5 Best Ways to Track Employee Hours for Your Small Businesses See All Articles Accounting Accounting Timothy Yoder Tim is a Certified QuickBooks Time (formerly TSheets) Pro, QuickBooks ProAdvisor, and CPA with 25 years of experience. Explore all of our Accounting content. Best Small Business Accounting Software in 2024 55 Free QuickBooks Tutorials: Learn QuickBooks Fast (+Videos) QuickBooks Online Plans Comparison 2024 See All Articles Sales Sales Charity May Amancio Charity has worked closely with various small businesses, managing several lead-generation strategies. Explore all of our Sales content. What Is Lead Qualification & How to Identify the Best Leads The 6 Key Aspects of Sales Management (+ Free Templates) 6 Steps for Creating a Customer Service Strategy (+ Worksheet) See All Articles Marketing Marketing Michael DeVault Michael is a career journalist with more than 20 years in media and marketing. Explore all of our Marketing content. Website Costs: DIY vs Pro Web Design for Small Businesses 27 Local Advertising Ideas to Grow Your Small Business How To Rank Higher on Google: Small Business Strategies See All Articles Starting a Business Starting a Business Mary King Mary King has advised start-ups from catering businesses to coffee shops, personal trainers to pop-up shops, food production, trades and service businesses, dispensaries and more. Explore all of our Starting a Business content. What Is a Cooperative? And How Do You Start One? How to Start a Food Truck Business in 9 Steps See All Articles Real Estate Real Estate Gina Baker Gina is a licensed real estate salesperson, experienced trainer, and a former high school educator who has taught more than 1,000 learners. Explore all of our Real Estate content. 5 Best Online Schools for Real Estate 2024 Top 17 Real Estate Lead Generation Strategies How to Buy an Apartment Complex: Guide for First-time Buyers See All Articles Financing Financing Tricia Jones Tricia has a Master's in Business Administration and has spent the majority of her career working in federal government lending. Explore all of our Financing content. How To Get a Small Business Loan How To Get an SBA Startup Loan in 6 Steps Rollover for Business Startups (ROBS): Ultimate Guide See All Articles Office Technology Office Technology Corey McCraw Corey has over a decade of experience in marketing, tech writing, and corporate communications. Explore all of our Office Technology content. 14 Call Center Metrics Statistics to Know in 2024 25 Critical VoIP Statistics Businesses Need to Know 6 Best Auto Dialer Apps See All Articles Insurance Insurance Nathan Weller Nathan has spent nearly 15 years working with several carriers in both commercial and personal lines insurance while also running a small non-profit organization. Explore all of our Insurance content. Commercial General Liability Insurance: Cost & Coverage Small Business Insurance Coverage, Costs & Industries 6 Best Small Business Insurance Companies February 2024 See All Articles Banking Banking Matthew Sexton Matt has worked in banking for over 15 years and in journalism for over 25 years, serving local businesses and providing answers to their important banking questions. Explore all of our Banking content. Best Small Business Checking Accounts for March 2024 What Is a Bank Failure & How To Protect Your Small Business How To Choose a Bank for Your Small Business See All Articles Restaurants Restaurants Mary King With more than a decade of hospitality experience, Mary has worked in some of the most celebrated restaurants in the world. Explore all of our Restaurants content. How to Start a Restaurant in 10 Steps How to Start a Bar in 10 Steps: Small Business Guide How to Design a Restaurant Floor Plan: A Step-by-Step Guide See All Articles Facebook Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube Company About Us Editorial Policy Careers Partners Work With Us Contact Us info@fitsmallbusiness.com Facebook Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube © Fit Small Business 2024 California Privacy Rights | Privacy | Terms | Sitemap Join Fit Small Business × Sign up to receive more well-researched small business articles and topics in your inbox, personalized for you. Select the newsletters you’re interested in below. Accounting Ecommerce Marketing Sales Financing Human Resources Retail Real Estate (Agents) Real Estate Investing Starting a Business Please select at least one newsletter. Your Email Address