Prison Policy Initiative Home About Publications Issues Data Blog Contact Careers Donate Prison Policy Initiative Search Go Instagram Twitter Facebook YouTube Menu Home About Publications Issues Data Blog Contact Careers Donate Stay Informed Get the latest updates: Prison Policy Initiative newsletter (?) And our other newsletters: Research Library updates (?) Prison gerrymandering campaign (?) Email: Name (optional): State (optional): Support us Can you make a tax-deductible gift to support our work? Donate What’s New New report, Women’s Mass Incarceration: The Whole Pie 2024, shows the size and scope of women’s incarceration in America Report shows the unique and troubling role that jails play in women’s incarceration. March 5: Press releases Since you asked: How many women and men are released from each state’s prisons and jails every year? We’ve drilled down into 2019 data to show prison and jail releases by sex in each state and made our best estimates of how many women and men were released from prisons and jails nationwide in 2022. February 28: Briefings What the ten worst prison gerrymanders of the 2020 redistricting cycle tell us about how the problem is changing New analysis shows that the Census’ flawed way of counting incarcerated people is increasingly harming rural areas — and both political parties. February 26: Prisoners of the Census Blog Cautionary jails: Deconstructing the three “C”s of jail construction arguments Communities across the country have been told that investing in new jail construction is the only way to solve old policy problems, but arguments for new jails can leave them with a billion-dollar case of buyer’s remorse. February 20: Briefings Oregon shouldn’t go backwards on drug decriminalization Oregon is in danger of repealing one of the most important criminal legal system reforms of recent years: here’s why the state should keep Measure 110 intact. February 15: Briefings Structural Racism, Mass Incarceration, and Racial and Ethnic Disparities in Severe Maternal Morbidity by Elleni M. Hailu et al February 15: Research Library: Race and ethnicity Proposed Biden junk fees rule provides lots of transparency but little protection for incarcerated people We called on the Federal Trade Commission to strengthen its proposed rule to explicitly prohibit some of the most abusive junk fees. February 12: Prison Policy Initiative Blog Why states should change Medicaid rules to cover people leaving prison by Prison Policy Initiative February 12: Research Library: Health impact New data: Police use of force rising for Black, female, and older people; racial bias persists by Prison Policy Initiative February 12: Research Library: Police and Policing Featured report Women's Mass Incarceration: The Whole Pie 2024 Women in the U.S. experience a starkly different criminal justice system than men do, but data on their experiences is difficult to find and put into context. We fill this gap in the data with a rich visual snapshot of how many women are locked up in the U.S., where, and why. Alongside our "big picture" chart, this 2024 update to provides a close-up view of women in local jails and the clearest picture yet who is incarcerated and why. Mass incarceration, state by state Learn about the national prison crisis and how we can begin to turn the tide on mass incarceration. Then, drill down to your state. Be sure to also check out our pages focused on D.C., and the incarceration of Native people. If our work is new to you, you might want to check out our 2022-2023 annual report. Stay Informed Email: Get the latest updates: Prison Policy Initiative newsletter (?) Research Library (?) Prison gerrymandering (?) Share on 𝕏 Donate Recommended Reading: The unmet health needs of people in prison States fall far short of their duty to meet the health needs of incarcerated people. All profit, no risk The bail industry exploits cracks and loopholes in the legal system to avoid accountability, while growing its profits. Compare your state's use of the prison to the world at large Criminal justice policy in every region of the United States is out of step with the rest of the world. Prison Gerrymandering Project We are leading the movement to protect our democracy from the Census Bureau's prison miscount. Home About Publications Issues Data Blog Contact Careers Donate Contact us online or write us: PO Box 127 Northampton, MA 01061 Instagram Twitter Facebook RSS Donate