Andaman Discoveries - Community-Based Tourism in Thailand +66 (0) 87 917 7165 info@andamandiscoveries.com Home About เกี่ยวกับเรา เรื่องราวของเรา หลักการของเรา Why Travel With Us? Local Area Our Story Blog Newsletter Videos Our Sustainability Sustainability Public Reports Awards & Partners Our Staff Resources Pre-Departure Guide Woman Traveler Downloads Tours Tours Overview Village Tours Ban Talae Nok Homestay Tung Dap Village Phang Nga Bay Krabi Local Insight Koh Yao Noi Khaosok Lake Homestay Leeled Village Island Tours Moken Experiences Surin Island Day Tour Similan Island Snorkel สิมิลัน Study Tour Khao Sok Ecotours Khaosok Jungle Delight Khaosok Lake Adventure 3day Day Tour Phang Nga Phuket Old Town Krabi Local Life Koh Lanta Hidden Thailand Sustainable Tourism Hidden Ranong Bangkok Thailand Trekking and Biking Hill Tribe Trek – Pang Ma Pha CBT Hard Trek – Huay Puling CBT Hard Trek – Pang Mapha 7 Days Trek – Chiang Mai – Mae Hongson Volunteer Volunteering Overview Volunteering Programs Burmese Learning Center Kuraburi Primary Schools Kuraburi Highschool Ranong Special Care Center Foundation Book Now Select Page Plan the Trip of a Lifetime to Thailand! Get Started Tours HIDDEN THAILAND SUSTAINABLE JOURNEYS From reefs to rainforests, beach escapes to village cultural exchanges and homestays, there is plenty to explore around Thailand with us! Learn More Groups STUDY SERVICE TOURS & CUSTOM PROGRAMS Available for families, groups and educational institutions. They’re great for people of all ages. Learn More Giving Back OUR FOUNDATION See how tourism can be a force for good and how your trip with us gives back to the places and communities you visit! Learn More Award-Winning Experiences Discover the best places to visit in Thailand on one of our authentic ecotours, village cultural experiences, & off-the-beaten-path island adventures. 50% of our profits go back directly to fund local community projects. Years in Service Awards Community Projects Youth Scholarships Green Awards Winner ng-2fl World Legacy Award Finalist Award Finalist CERTIFIED Learn more about our awards Award-Winning Experiences Discover the best places to visit in Thailand on one of our authentic ecotours, village cultural experiences, & off-the-beaten-path island adventures. 50% of our profits go back directly to fund local community projects. 18 Years in Service 17 Awards 120 Community Projects 907 Youth Scholarships Green Awards Winner ng-2fl World Legacy Award Finalist Award Finalist CERTIFIED Learn more about our Awards Featured Tours Our top-rated Sustainable Tourism Experiences in Thailand. Koh Surin Moken Experience & Snorkel Tour Starting from 17,400 THB/person } 3 Days/2 Nights  Koh Surin Marine National Park  Snorkeling, Jungle Walk, Moken Village Visit *Prices Based on Double Occupancy More Details Take a unique private tour of Koh Surin with the original inhabitants of this tropical paradise, the indigenous Moken people. Bask in the natural beauty of the Surin Islands while you immerse in Moken Life and snorkel the crystal waters of the Andaman Sea. Help conserve the Moken’s unique culture by your participation in this private tour. Reserve Now Ban Talae Nok Village by The Sea Experience Starting from 14,600 THB/person } 3 Days/2 Nights  Ban Talae No Village, Gam Islands  Boat Tour, Village Walk, Arts & Crafts, Cooking *Prices Based on Double Occupancy More Details Experience the traditional way of life in the seaside village of Ban Talae Nok. Learn the art of batik painting, explore local nature with a longtail boat trip through the mangroves to the Gam Islands, and enjoy the beautiful undeveloped beach! You will also participate in a soap-making workshop, and enjoy delicious Southern Thai cooking with your homestay family. Reserve Now Jungle to Island Tour Starting from 21,600 THB/person } 5 Days/4 Nights  Khao Sok National Park & Lake, Koh Surin Marine National Park  Kayaking, Snorkeling, Hiking, Cultural Experiences *Prices Based on Double Occupancy More Details Bask in the beauty of a 20 million year old rainforest and immerse in the nature of the Khao Sok lake. Take a unique private tour of Koh Surin with the original Moken inhabitants of this tropical paradise Reserve Now Travel with us to make a positive impact! View All Tours Become a Part of the Story… Only a few hours away from the touristy areas of Phuket, Koh Samui, and Khao Lak, a very different experience awaits you. Here, in the beauty of Thailand, friendly communities invite you to experience their traditional way of life and diverse eco-systems in an authentic and non-intrusive way. Since 2009, Andaman Discoveries has been committed to creating meaningful, memorable experiences in Thailand for both the guest and host. A Trusted Leader in Sustainable Tourism All of our activities and itineraries are designed in collaboration with the villagers themselves, based around the principles of community-based tourism. Villagers decide a fair cost for tourism services, 20% of guests’ payments go to a fund that benefits community members, and every year 50% of Andaman Discoveries profits go directly to support our Foundation for local initiatives. Andaman Discoveries also trains local guides, promotes local businesses, and provides translators and literature to ensure visitors respect cultural customs. I couldn’t be happier with Andaman Discoveries and how they led and organized our community-focused school trip from the Netherlands. We spent around 8 days in Thailand mostly based around Khuraburi taking part in homestays, teaching English to Thai students, visiting Buddhist temples, improving schools, while also getting a chance to visit perfect, pristine and beautiful beaches. It was a memorable and meaningful experience. What I loved about the trip was how well our itinerary was planned for the trip, but also how our guides were helpful, patient and adaptable to whatever needs that our group had. I would definitely recommend using them for an eco-focused holiday and would hope to get a chance to go back sometime. Cole The Neatherlands, April 2018 We spent 3 days with our excellent guide Noon on Koh Yao Noi Island. A fantastic way to visit this island, meet some locals and really start to get a sense of life on the island, as well as spending some time visiting some beautiful islands in one of the most picturesque bays I’ve ever traveled to. I highly recommend getting off the usual tourist path a bit and exploring Koh Yao Noi. We felt very well looked after, especially traveling with two young children. Riley USA, March 2018 Throughout the years we have demonstrated that when local people are stewards of their own culture and environment, tourism can be a powerful force for good. Learn More About Our Work Ready to Get Started?Andaman Discoveries is a different type of Tour Operator. We are a social enterprise enabling visitors and volunteers to support community education, village-led conservation, and cultural empowerment while exploring the beautiful nature of Thailand. We have custom programs available for both individuals and groups. Let us help you plan an unforgettable experience! Start a Booking Ready to Get Started? Andaman Discoveries is a different type of Tour Operator. We are a social enterprise enabling visitors and volunteers to support community education, village-led conservation, and cultural empowerment while exploring the beautiful nature of Thailand. We have custom programs available for both individuals and groups. Let us help you plan an unforgettable experience! Start Booking Join Our Community! Stay connected to get special offers and the latest news from the Andaman coast. We promise no spam. Thank you for signing up! We will be in touch. Email Subscribe Now Latest From the Blog: Travelife Sustainability Renewal Certification Complete Read More We Declare a Climate Emergency Read More สัญญาอันดามัน “เรียบง่าย แต่มีคุณค่า “ Read More Purpose Driven Sustainable Tourism Read More Underwater Exploration in Eco-Friendly Ways! Read More Old Town Phuket Read More Thank you Study and Service Groups Read More Responsible Tourism Training at Klong Nang Yon Community Enterprise Read More Moken Village Fire Update Read More Guidebooks As Travel Resources Read More Andaman Discoveries +66 (0) 87 917 7165 info@andamandiscoveries.com 120/2 Sukapiban 3 Road, Moo 1, Kura, Kuraburi District. Phang Nga Province, Thailand 82150 FollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Tours Study Groups Volunteer Programs Our Sustainability Awards & Partners Foundation Pay Online Resources Contact Us Copyright © 2020 · All Rights Reserved · Andaman Discoveries · TAT License 34/01223 RSS Feed | Admin Login | Website Design by Sierra Research