The 193rd General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Skip to Content March 05, 2024 | 40°F The 193rd General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts MyLegislature MyLegislature Use MyLegislature to follow bills, hearings, and legislators that interest you. Sign in with MyLegislature Account Email Password Forgot Password? Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google Not Registered? Learn More Here! » MenuToggle navigation Home Search MyLegislature Bills & Laws Bills All Bills Recent & Popular Bills Senate Deadlines House Deadlines Browse Bills by City/Town Search Bills Search General Laws Browse General Laws Search General Laws Search Go to a General Law: Chapter: Section Number: Keyword: Go to that General Law Session Laws Browse Session Laws Search Session Laws Search Go to a Session Law: Type: Act Resolve Chapter: Year: 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 Go to Session Law Massachusetts Constitution Senate Journals House Journals Rules Reports and Communications Drafting Manual Glossary Close Menu Budget FY 2025 Budget Governor's Budget House Ways & Means Budget House Debate House Budget Senate Ways & Means Budget Senate Debate Senate Budget Conference Committee Final Budget Close Menu Legislators Legislators Redistricting Find Your Legislators Search Legislators Search Legislative Leadership All Leadership Senate Leadership House Leadership Senate All Senators Senate Clerk Commonwealth Conversations Clean Energy Future Tour House All Representatives House Clerk Close Menu Hearings & Events All Hearings & Events Search Events Search Sessions Joint Sessions Senate Sessions House Sessions Hearings Senate Committee Hearings House Committee Hearings Joint Committee Hearings Special Events Close Menu Committees & Commissions All Committees Search Committees Search Committees Joint Committees Senate Committees House Committees Committee Hearings Joint Committee Hearings Senate Committee Hearings House Committee Hearings Commissions Close Menu State House Visit the State House On-site Tour Virtual Tour Accessibility Request Accessibility Web Accessibility Policy Accessibility Initiatives Educational Opportunities Internships Student Government Day Citizens' Legislative Seminar Create Your Own Bill Media Gallery FAQ Contact Us Close Menu Massachusetts Legislature Homepage Search Search the Legislature Search Legislators Senate All Senators Senate Clerk House of Representatives House of Representatives All Representatives House Clerk New Districts Find My Legislator Hearings & Events Follow In My Legislature Live Video Date Time Event Title Location Upcoming Tuesday, Mar. 5 12:00 PM Students Speak: Humanizing Our School Communities New A-2 Upcoming Wednesday, Mar. 6 11:00 AM Formal House Session New House Chamber Upcoming Thursday, Mar. 7 11:00 AM Senate Session New Senate Chamber Upcoming Tuesday, Mar. 5 1:00 PM Joint Committee on Financial Services New A-1 and Virtual Upcoming Tuesday, Mar. 5 10:00 AM Senate Committee on Global Warming and Climate Change New Virtual Hearing Upcoming Wednesday, Mar. 6 3:00 PM 250th Anniversary Celebration of the American Revolution New Virtual Hearing No video available. Friday, Mar. 8 9:00 AM Joint Committee on Housing Canceled Written Testimony Only View all Upcoming Hearings & Events Bills & Laws Search Search Bills Search Bills General Laws Session Laws Constitution FY 2025 Budget Governor's Budget House Ways & Means Budget House Debate House Budget Senate Ways & Means Budget Senate Debate Senate Budget Conference Committee Final Budget State House Visit the State House On-site Tours Virtual Tour Accessibility Contact Us Most Popular General Laws Chapter Section Name MGL c.66 §10 Inspection and copies of public records; requests; written responses; extension of time; fees MGL c.149 §148 Payment of wages; commissions; exemption by contract; persons deemed employers; provision for cashing check or draft; violation of statute MGL c.90 §11 Carrying certificate of registration and license; presentation after accident upon request MGL c.123 §12 Emergency restraint and hospitalization of persons posing risk of serious harm by reason of mental illness MGL c.90 §24 Driving while under influence of intoxicating liquor, etc.; second and subsequent offenses; punishment; treatment programs; reckless and unauthorized driving; failure to stop after collision MGL c.269 §10 Carrying dangerous weapons; possession of machine gun or sawed-off shotguns; possession of large capacity weapon or large capacity feeding device; punishment MGL c.151B §4 Unlawful practices MGL c.186 §15b Entrance of premises prior to termination of lease; payments; receipts; interest; records; security deposits MGL c.40A §3A Multi-family zoning as-of-right in MBTA communities MGL c.60a §1 Excise tax on motor vehicles; assessment and levy; exemptions; abatement for theft of motor vehicle Most Popular Bills Followed Bill No. Title S.2423 An Act amending the charter of the city of Westfield H.3900 An Act making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements S.3 An Act making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements H.4020 An Act authorizing the State Board of Retirement to grant creditable service to Paul Lemelin H.4043 An Act a parcel of land in Winchester H.4383 Extension Order - Public Health H.3981 An Act establishing a sick leave bank for Anastasios Milonopoulos, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Correction H.4432 An Act relative to the creation of a branch of the Boston Public Library within an affordable housing development in the Dorchester section of the City of Boston S.2622 Public Safety and Homeland Security - Extension Order S.2657 Order relative to authorizing the joint committee on Transportation to make an investigation and study of certain current Senate documents relative to electrification of motor vehicles and transportation safety standards. Have a Question? How do I register to vote? Where do I vote? How do I schedule a road test? How do I apply for unemployment? How do I register my firearm? Do I qualify for overtime? Explore more questions... Site Information & Links Helpful Massachusetts Links Mass.gov Commonwealth Employment Opportunities Secretary of the Commonwealth Mass DOT Boards & Commissions Non-Profits & Charities Libraries Google Translate Quick Links Accessibility MyLegislature Massachusetts General Laws Find My Legislator Visit the State House Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms And Conditions Copyright © 2024 The General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts × Register for MyLegislature Register With An Existing Account Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google Register With Your Email Address Email Address Password Confirm Password Register Registering... Already have an account? Sign in here. Forgot Password? × Sign in to MyLegislature Sign In With Your Facebook or Google+ Account Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google Sign In With Your MyLegislature Account Email Password Forgot Password? Sign In Signing In... Not Registered? Click here. Learn More Here! » × Forgot Password Please enter your email address. If there is an account associated with that address, a password reset link will be mailed to you. Email Address Reset Password Processing... Cancel × Sign In Required This feature is exclusive to users ofMyLegislature Sign In Register × Search The Legislature Search Search the Legislature Search