Econlib - The Library of Economics and Liberty Liberty Fund Network Econlib Liberty Fund OLL Adam Smith Works Law & Liberty EconLog Blog Browse by Author Browse by Topic Browse by Date Search EconLog RSS Subscribe EconTalk Latest Episodes Browse by Date Browse by Guest Browse by Category Browse Extras Search EconTalk RSS Feeds Articles Latest Articles Liberty Classics Browse by Author Browse by Date Search Articles Books Books Bios Books by Date Books by Author Search Books Encyclopedia Index Browse by Author Browse by Title Biographies Search Encyclopedia Guides Index #ECONLIBREADS College Topics High School Topics Subscribe to QuickPicks Search Guides Videos Index Search Videos Liberty Fund Network Econlib OLL Adam Smith Works Library of Law & Liberty Home / Data and Evidence, Education, Finance, Risk, Uncertainty, Probability Theory, The State of Economics, What Is Economics?, Theory of Markets, Microeconomics, Price Theory and Applications How to Avoid Lying With Statistics (with Jeremy Weber) Mar 4 2024 There’s often a gap between the textbook treatment of statistics and the cookbook treatment–how to cook up the numbers when you’re in the kitchen of the real world. Jeremy Weber of the University of Pittsburgh and the author of Statistics for Public Policy hopes his book can close that gap. He talks to EconTalk host More Featured Articles Book Review The War That Never Ends A Book Review of Manufacturing Militarism: U.S. Government Propaganda in the War on Terror, by Christopher J. Coyne and Abigail R. Hall.1 It’s been over 20 years since the 9/11 attacks. Ever since those horrible attacks, the United States government has been waging a “war on terror” both at home and abroad. The war on .. MORE Article Can Cryptocurrencies Become Money? The cryptocurrency world has continuously grown since the launch of Bitcoin in January 2009. The novel cryptocurrency was initially launched as a payment technology, namely, to make peer-to-peer transactions without the need for a financial intermediary between the parties.1 That the cryptocurrency phenomenon unveiled during the 2008 crisis is no accident. Justified or unjustified, it .. MORE Kling's Corner DNA Determinism DNA is the only thing that makes a substantial difference, accounting for 50 per cent of the variance in psychological traits. The rest comes down to chance environmental experiences that do not have long-term effects. —Robert Plomin, Blueprint: How DNA Makes Us Who We Are1 After decades of studying the heritability of psychological traits, Robert .. MORE Most Recent Competition The EU Government’s Extortion Against Apple By Pierre Lemieux Labor Market The Cheap Labor Addiction? By David Henderson International Trade American paranoia By Scott Sumner Article Orthodox Jewish Healthcare During the COVID-19 Pandemic By Rachael Behr LaRose Article Why Protect a Rich South Korea from a Nuclear North Korea? By Doug Bandow Book Review Milton Friedman’s Many Battles By Arnold Kling Book Review America’s Animal Spirits By Samuel Gregg Data and Evidence How to Avoid Lying With Statistics (with Jeremy Weber) Regulation The Good Old Days? By David Henderson Macroeconomics China’s Two Problems By Scott Sumner EconTalk All > econtalk-podcast Arnold Kling on Twitter, FTX, and ChatGPT Economist and author Arnold Kling talks with EconTalk host Russ Roberts about the recent drama in the tech world–Elon Musk’s acquisition of Twitter, the collapse of FTX, and the appearance of ChatGPT. Underlying topics discussed include the potential for price discrimination to make social media profitable, whether you could tell Jeff Bezos from Sam Bankman-Fried .. MORE econtalk-podcast Gary Taubes on the Case Against Sugar Sugar appears to have no nutritional value. But is it more than just empty calories? Is it actually bad for us? Author and journalist Gary Taubes talks with EconTalk host Russ Roberts about his latest book, The Case Against Sugar. Taubes argues that there is substantial circumstantial evidence suggesting that sugar is the underlying cause .. MORE EconLog All > Macroeconomics China’s Two Problems I often wonder if the human brain is wired to look for monocausal explanations. Think about how often you hear the phrase, “The real problem is . . . “ Why assume there is just one real problem? Most macroeconomic problems are somewhat complex. Here’s a typical situation: 1. A negative real shock slows economic .. MORE Economic Education Housing Supply and Quantity Supplied, Redux I’m hardly the first to point out that many people can earn graduate degrees in economics without actually absorbing or understanding the economic way of thinking. As is often the case, Twitter (the platform I still refuse to call X) has risen to the occasion to provide an example. In this case, the subject is .. MORE LIBERTY CLASSICS SERIES Explore the lasting legacies and continued relevance of our classic titles. Browse Articles Book Titles All Books > The Theory of Money and Credit By Ludwig Mises Ludwig von Mises (1881-1973) first published The Theory of Money and Credit in German, in 1912. The edition presented here is that published by Liberty Fund in 1980, which was translated from the German by H. E. Batson originally in 1934, with additions in 1953. Only a few corrections of obvious typos were made for .. MORE The Natural Law of Money By William Brough William Brough was born in 1826 in Kelso, Scotland. In his early childhood, the family moved first to Canada and then to Vermont. He began to study medicine but gave it up for business. He moved to New York in 1849 and then to Pennsylvania, where he was a pioneer in the development of the .. MORE Book Reviews and Suggested Readings Ideas and Economic Growth By Arnold Kling What counts for economic history was the beginning of a long and drawn-out rise in the belief in the transformative powers, social prestige, and virtuousness of useful knowledge. Without the continuous emergence of new techniques based on a better understanding of natural processes, growth will inexorably grind to a halt. —Joel Mokyr, A Culture of .. MORE The Long, Hard Road to “Longtermism” By James Broughel Book Review of What We Owe the Future, by William MacAskill.1 An issue that has long divided scholars is the question of how much weight to give to the interests of future generations, especially when making decisions of significant public importance. On one side of this issue there have been those like the University of .. MORE Conversations VIDEO A Conversation with Harold Demsetz A professor at the Graduate School of Business at the University of Chicago in the 1960s and a primary figure in Chicago School Economics and in the field of Law and Economics, Harold Demsetz has contributed original research on the theory of the firm, regulation in markets, industrial organization, antitrust policy, transaction costs, externalities, and .. MORE VIDEO A Conversation with Anthony de Jasay Anthony de Jasay, a regular columnist for Econlib, was one of the most original and independent thinkers on the relationship between the individual and the state. Through his published works, he challenged the reigning paradigms justifying modern democratic growth. His deeply challenging theoretical works include The State, an analysis that views the state as acting .. MORE Econlib Videos Intellectual Portrait Series Conversations with some of the most original thinkers of our time Browse Videos Guides Reading Lists by Topic The Reading Lists by Topic pages contain some suggested readings organized by topic, including materials available on Econlib. Brief reviews or descriptions are included for many items. Select a Topic 1800-1900: Economics Classics, including Neoclassical Thought Austrian Economics Business Cycles Capital and Investment Capitalism and Socialism Classics in Money and Banking Comparative Advantage Development and Investment Economics and Ethics Economics of Education Economics of Health Environmental Economics and Natural Resources Free Trade General Economic History History of Economic Thought: What is Economics? Inequality and Discrimination Inflation Information, Markets, and Spontaneous Order Interest Rates and Uncertainty Laissez Faire and the Role of the State Law, Property Rights, and Institutions Macroeconomic and Monetary History Market Structure, Firms, and Institutional Organization Mathematics, Game Theory, and Quantitative Theory Methodology Money Demand and Supply Nobel Laureates Novels, Short Stories, and Science Fiction Population and Labor Mobility Pre-1800 Economic Thought, Including Mercantilism Price Theory and Principles Textbooks Public Finance and Public Economics Textbooks, Public Choice Race, Slavery, and Economics Technological Change The Invisible Hand Unions Wages and the Marginal Product of Labor War, Colonialism, and Imperialism Welfare, Social Security College Economics Topics Supplementary materials for popular college textbooks used in courses in the Principles of Economics, Microeconomics, Price Theory, and Macroeconomics are suggested by topic. Select a Topic Aggregate Demand Aggregate Supply Balance of Trade and Balance of Payments Banks and Financial Institutions Barriers to Trade Business Cycles Comparative Advantage and the Benefits of Trade Competition and Market Structures Compound Interest Consumers Cost-benefit analysis Costs of Production Credit Demand Division of Labor and Specialization Economic Development Economic Growth Economic Institutions Economic Systems Efficiency Elasticity of Demand Employment and Unemployment Entrepreneurs Environmentalism Exchange and Trade Financial Crisis of 2008 Financial Markets Fiscal Policy Foreign Currency Markets and Exchange Rates GDP Government Budget Deficits and Government Debt Government Failures, Rent Seeking, and Public Choice Health Care Human Capital Incentives Income Distribution Income Inequality Inflation Insurance Is Economics a Science? Labor Costs Lauren F. Landsburg Margins and Thinking at the Margin Market Failures, Public Goods, and Externalities Monetary Policy and the Federal Reserve Money Money Management and Budgeting Opportunity cost Price Controls, Price Ceilings, and Price Floors Producers Productive Resources Productivity Profit Property Rights Real, relative, and nominal prices Risk and Return Roles of Government Saving and Investing Scarcity Social Security Supply Supply and Demand, Markets and Prices Technology Wellbeing and Welfare What Is Economics? High School Economics Topics These free resources are appropriate for teachers of high school and AP economics, social studies, and history classes. They are also appropriate for interested students, home schoolers, and newcomers to the topic of economics. Select a Topic 51 key economics concepts Aggregate Demand Aggregate Supply Balance of Trade and Balance of Payments Barriers to Trade Benefits of Trade/Comparative Advantage Budget Deficits and Public Debt Business Cycles Competition and Market Structures Compound Interest Concise Encyclopedia of Economics (CEE) Consumers Council for Economic Education Credit Decision Making and Cost-Benefit Analysis Demand Division of Labor and Specialization Economic Development Economic Growth Economic Institutions Economic Systems Elasticity of Demand Employment and Unemployment Entrepreneurs Financial Markets Fiscal Policy Foreign Currency Markets/Exchange Rates Fundamental Economics GDP Government Failures/Public-Choice Analysis Human Capital Incentives Income Distribution Inflation Insurance International Economics Macroeconomics Market Failures Markets and Prices Microeconomics Monetary Policy and the Federal Reserve Money Money Management/Budgeting Opportunity Cost Personal Finance Economics Price Ceilings and Floors Producers Productive Resources Productivity Profit Property Rights Real vs. Nominal Risk and Return Roles of Government Saving and Investing Scarcity Supply Technology Trade, Exchange and Interdependence Economist Biographies A B C D E F G H J K L M N O P Q R S T V W From the Concise Encyclopedia of Economics Economic Regulation, Government Policy Drug Lag The modern history of drug regulation in the United States has been marked by the simultaneous pursuit of two goals—safety and efficacy. Since passage of the 1962 amendments to the Food and Drug Act, most members of the medical and regulatory establishment have regarded those two goals as complementary. By the early seventies, however, critics .. MORE Government Policy, Labor Poverty in America The United States produces more per capita than any other industrialized country, and in recent years governments at various levels have spent about $350 billion per year, or about 3.5 percent of gross domestic product, on programs serving low-income families.1 Despite this, measured poverty is more prevalent in the United States than in most of .. MORE Macroeconomics Distribution of Income The distribution of income lies at the heart of an enduring issue in political economy—the extent to which government should redistribute income from those with more income to those with less. Whether government should redistribute income is a normative question, and each person’s answer will depend on his or her values. But for many people, .. MORE Quotes Private enterprise has produced the wealth of the world; yet it has suffered more calumny and obloquy than any other system. Its alternative, state economy, has retarded the production of wealth; yet it has been lauded and deified. “Corrigible Capitalism, Incorrigible Socialism” -Arthur Seldon …whatever crushes individuality is despotism. -John Stuart Mill Full Quote >> “All constitutions of government, however, are valued only in proportion as they tend to promote the happiness of those who live under them.” -Adam Smith Full Quote >> Econlib The Library of Economics and Liberty Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564, USA econlib@libertyfund.org About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Publications Books Articles EconTalk EconLog Videos Resources Quickpicks CEE Encyclopedia College Guides High School Guides Sign up for our newsletter Enter your email address to subscribe to the Econlib monthly newsletter. » Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564, USA info@libertyfund.org © 2023 Econlib, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Part of the Liberty Fund Network.