Heathrow: Welcome to Heathrow Airport | Heathrow Skip to Content Back to Main Menu Welcome to Heathrow Enter your flight details to check which terminal you need. Back to main menu Welcome, Logout Points My Dashboard Spend Points Login to Heathrow Rewards Login to Heathrow Parking Saved Flights Your Saved Flights Remove all No Saved Flights Search Flights Arrivals Departures Connecting flights Airline contacts Security and immigration wait times Travel inspiration Arrivals Immigration and passports UK customs First time in Britain Baggage reclaim Meeting points Departures Checking-in Departure lounge and boarding Flight information Flight timetable Heathrow traveller blog Explore the world from Heathrow with our new blog At the airport At the airport In the terminal Shopping Restaurants Lounges, hotels and spas Services Facilities Security and baggage Getting around Terminal finder Airport maps Assistance and accessibility Getting between terminals Quick links Lounges Currency exchange Timeslot Meet & Assist Porters Hotels Heathrow traveller blog Transport and directions Transport and directions Plan ahead Journey planner Parking with Heathrow Hotel & Parking packages Airport transfer Coaches to train stations Getting here By car Terminal Drop-Off Charge By taxi or minicab By train or tube By bus or coach Passenger pick-ups Quick links Book Heathrow Parking Manage parking booking Heathrow Express Parking FAQs Meet & Greet Hotel & Parking Exclusive Hotel & Parking Packages From Heathrow Shop and eat Shopping Restaurants SHOPPING SERVICES Shop directory Reserve & Collect Personal Shopper Collect on Return Home Delivery Returns Promise Terminal Shopping Transfer Food services Pre-order food and drink In-flight picnic Kids eat free Shopping Services Reserve & Collect Rewards What is Heathrow Rewards Collect Heathrow Rewards Join Heathrow Rewards Login to Heathrow Rewards Benefits Heathrow Reward latest offers Membership tiers explained Help and support FAQs Contact us Terms and conditions Booking Official Heathrow Parking Airport lounges Heathrow VIP Manage bookings Official Parking Quick, convenient and secure on-site parking Airport Lounge Relax in comfort and enjoy complimentary drinks Help Prepare for the best airport experience and a fantastic start to your trip with these practical tips. Heathrow's top travel tips At Heathrow Assistance and accessibility Facilities Lost property Security and baggage Terminal Drop-Off Charge Security and immigration wait times Customer support FAQs Contact us Manage your parking booking Airline contacts Covid-19 Passenger updates My Account Back to Main Menu Welcome to Heathrow Enter your flight details to check which terminal you need. Back to main menu Welcome, Logout Points My Dashboard Spend Points Login to Heathrow Rewards Login to Heathrow Parking Saved Flight Saved Flights Your Saved Flights Remove all No Saved Flights Language Select(English) Language Select(English) Select a language English (Active) Italiano (Active) Français (Active) Deutsch (Active) Svenska (Active) 中文 (Active) Español (Active) Language Select(English) Language Select(English) Select a language English (Active) Italiano (Active) Français (Active) Deutsch (Active) Svenska (Active) 中文 (Active) Español (Active) Clear Search Popular Searches Terminal Drop-Off Charge Passenger Pick-Up | Heathrow Official Heathrow Airport Parking | Heathrow Lounges, hotels and spas Airport maps Take off with savings at World Duty Free 10% off World Duty Free. Online only with Reserve & Collect. Find out more E-GAP electric vehicle charging trial Find out about our new mobile EV charging solution, available to passengers in our Long Stay, Business and POD car parks Find out more Unveil Bahrain's hidden gems Discover Bahrain's charm with bustling markets, serene beaches, and culinary delights. Explore a unique destiation rich in extraordinary adventures. Read on 1 Terminal Drop-Off Terminal Drop-Off The quickest way to drop off passengers. Find out more Which terminal? Which terminal? Find out the terminal your airline uses at Heathrow. Find my terminal Official Heathrow Parking Official Heathrow Parking Find the best parking solution for your trip. Book parking Restaurants at Heathrow Restaurants at Heathrow Whatever your mood, we have the food to match. Browse cafés pubs and restaurants Lounges at Heathrow Lounges at Heathrow Relax and refresh in style before take-off. Find a lounge Shopping at Heathrow Shopping at Heathrow Discover great buys and exclusive shopping services. Browse now Journey planner Plan your journey Find transport links and road routes to and from anywhere in the UK. Journey planner Heathrow Express Speed into London Travel from Heathrow to Paddington in 15 minutes. Book online and save money Keep in touch Sign up for our newsletter and receive all the latest news from Heathrow. Sign up for our newsletter Security wait times disclaimer: The estimated security wait times displayed were taken within the last 15 minutes and represent the average wait time. This is an estimation only and passengers should still allow sufficient time before departure, please check updated waiting times regularly and note any additional information provided by your airline. Heathrow Airport Limited, The Compass Centre, Nelson Road, Hounslow Middlesex, TW6 2GW HELPFUL LINKS Terminal finder Security and baggage Plan your journey Heathrow app FAQs DISCOVER HEATHROW Special offers Where to eat Where to shop Heathrow Parking VIP OUR COMPANY About Heathrow Company Careers at Heathrow Our community Sustainability Investor information Privacy Terms & conditions Accessibility Sitemap Communications Heathrow byelaws Modern Slavery Health & Safety © LHR Airports Limited Session is about to expire Your session will timeout due to inactivity, please choose to continue your session if you’d would like to continue. Continue Logout Session has expired Your session has timed out due to inactivity. Login