Homepage | NSTA Skip to main content Search for anything Bookstore Sign In Join Menu Menu Search Join Back Resources Publications Bookstore Conferences & Events Professional Learning Membership Science Standards Awards & Competitions Donate Back by Topic by Level by Type Daily Do Lesson Plans Free Resources Blog American Rescue Plan For Preservice Teachers NCCSTS Case Collection Partner Jobs in Education Back Journals Books Interactive eBooks+ Digital Catalog Regional Product Representatives e-Newsletters Back Bestselling Books Latest Books NSTA Kids Popular Book Series Prospective Authors Gift Cards Digital Catalog Regional Product Representatives Back Calendar Web Seminars Exhibits & Sponsorship Conference Reviewers National Conference • Denver 24 Leaders Institute 2024 Presenters Submit a Proposal Back Latest Resources Professional Learning Units & Courses Web Seminars For Districts Online Course Providers Back Join Today Schools & Districts College Professors & Students Back The Standards Teachers and Admin Parents Back Overview eCYBERMISSION Toshiba/NSTA ExploraVision GEMS Junior Science & Humanities Symposium Shell Teaching Awards Back Biology Chemistry Climate Change Earth & Space Science Evolution NGSS New Science Teachers Physics STEM view all Back Early Childhood Elementary Middle School High School Postsecondary Informal Education Back Books Journal Articles Lesson Plans Blog Posts Interactive eBooks+ Playlists Podcasts e-newsletters Back Science & Children Science Scope The Science Teacher Journal of College Sci. Teaching Connected Science Learning Back Bestselling Books Latest Books NSTA Kids Popular Book Series Prospective Authors Back NSTA Reports Book Beat Next-Gen Navigator Back Upcoming Archives Science Update Teacher Tip Tuesday Trans. Sci. Learning Back Elementary Middle School High School MyNSTA Community My Library My Collections Forums Peers Cohorts My Account Sign Out Attend our Short Course in Denver National Conference in Denver • Mar. 20-23, 2024 Learn More Register Today! National Conference in Denver • March 20-23, 2024 Celebrate Read Across America Week with NSTA Kids FREE Web Seminar • Mar. 7 The Grand Challenge of Coral Reef Sustainability Browse the Latest Releases NSTA Catalog Discover Transform your teaching with NSTA's latest resources and more Get unlimited access today with your NSTA Membership Lesson Plans Journals Free Resources Topics Popular Topics Elementary Postsecondary High School Middle School NSTA Daily Do Sensemaking tasks teachers and families can use to engage students. | Full Daily Do Library Lesson Plan How does the design of the Artemis I five-segment booster minimize energy transfer from the rocket propellant to the metal case? Lesson Plan How can we evaluate systems to provide breathable air in a space station? Lesson Plan How can we use the patterns in motion we observed to explain how the JWST was launched into space? Lesson Plan How can we use what we know about weight and thrust to plan a safe and successful model rocket launch? Bestselling Books NSTA Press Book Crosscutting Concepts: Strengthening Science and Engineering Learning Maybe you have a good grasp of disciplinary core ideas and science and engineering practices—critical parts of the Next Generation Science Standards... NSTA Press Book Disciplinary Core Ideas: Reshaping Teaching and Learning Like all enthusiastic teachers, you want your students to see the connections between important science concepts so they can grasp how the world works... NSTA Press Book Picture-Perfect Science Lessons, Expanded 2nd Edition: Using Children's Books to Guide Inquiry, 3-6 How do you improve upon perfection? For years, new and experienced elementary school teachers alike have extolled the virtues of Picture-Perfect Scien... NSTA Press Book Teaching for Conceptual Understanding in Science What do you get when you bring together two of NSTA’s bestselling authors to ponder ways to deepen students’ conceptual understanding of science? ... Learn Expand your horizons with professional learning opportunities that fit your needs A New and Easy Way to Earn Professional Learning Credit Hours NSTA Professional Learning Units are self-paced, flexible short courses designed around relevant science education topics. PLU’s support student-centered learning and can be used toward continuing education credits. Get Started Upcoming Web Seminar Series Web Seminar Series Beyond Representation: Nurturing Belonging and Social Justice in Science Education Join NSTA for this special four-seminar, interactive, web seminar series, hosted by NSTA’s Committee on Multicultural / Equity in Science Education ... Upcoming Web Seminars Homepage Member Web Seminar Teacher Tip Tuesday: Making the Most of Attending an NSTA Conference - Denver 2024, March 5, 2024 Join us on Tuesday, March 5, 2024, from 7:00 PM to 8:15 PM ET to discover how to make the most out of attending an NSTA National Conference. Hear from... Web Seminar Web Seminar: Changing the Environment in STEM Teacher Education: Four Big Ideas, March 6, 2024 Join us on Wednesday, March 6, 2024, from 7:00 – 8:15 PM ET, to learn about the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) ARISE blo... Web Seminar Science Update: The Grand Challenge of Coral Reef Sustainability, March 7, 2024 Join us on Thursday, March 7, 2024, from 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM ET, for an edition of NSTA’s Science Update about coral reef ecosystems. Even optimis... Preschool Technical and Vocational Education Early Childhood Elementary Middle School High School Postsecondary Pre-service Teachers Informal Education Biology Climate Change Earth & Space Science Environmental Science Life Science STEM Web Seminar Sponsored Web Seminar: The Fluorescence Files: Exploring Chemistry Concepts Through Forensics, March 14, 2024 Join us on Thursday, March 14, 2024, from 7:00 to 8:15 PM ET&nbsp;for a sponsored web seminar presented by Vernier Science Education.... High School Postsecondary Biology Chemistry Life Science Technology View All Web Seminars Network Engage with NSTA's powerful national network of teachers of science Forum Discussion Topic: Distance Learning Twitter #NGSSslowchat NSTA Member Spotlight Practice What You Teach Member Web Seminar Teacher Tip Tuesday: Making the Most of Attending an NSTA Conference - Denver 2024, March 5, 2024 Join us on Tuesday, March 5, 2024, from 7:00 PM to 8:15 PM ET to discover how to make the most out of attending an NSTA National Conference. Hear from... Web Seminar Web Seminar: Changing the Environment in STEM Teacher Education: Four Big Ideas, March 6, 2024 Join us on Wednesday, March 6, 2024, from 7:00 – 8:15 PM ET, to learn about the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) ARISE blo... Web Seminar Science Update: The Grand Challenge of Coral Reef Sustainability, March 7, 2024 Join us on Thursday, March 7, 2024, from 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM ET, for an edition of NSTA’s Science Update about coral reef ecosystems. Even optimis... Preschool Technical and Vocational Education Early Childhood Elementary Middle School High School Postsecondary Pre-service Teachers Informal Education Biology Climate Change Earth & Space Science Environmental Science Life Science STEM Web Seminar Sponsored Web Seminar: The Fluorescence Files: Exploring Chemistry Concepts Through Forensics, March 14, 2024 Join us on Thursday, March 14, 2024, from 7:00 to 8:15 PM ET&nbsp;for a sponsored web seminar presented by Vernier Science Education.... High School Postsecondary Biology Chemistry Life Science Technology Member Web Seminar Book Beat Live! The Outstanding Science Trade Books and Best STEM Book Lists, March 28, 2024 Join us on Thursday, March 28, 2024, from 7:00 to 8:15 PM ET, for an edition of Book Beat Live! about the Outstanding Science Trade Book List and the ... Member Web Seminar Transforming Science Learning: Classroom Discourse for Sensemaking Through the Crosscutting Concepts, April 16, 2024 Join us on Tuesday, April 16, 2024, from 7:00 PM to 8:30 PM ET, for the second web seminar in this series about the Crosscutting Concepts.... Web Seminar Science Update: What’s Up with Precipitation? How NASA is Helping Us Better Understand Our Home Planet! April 25, 2024 Join us on Thursday, April 25, 2024, from 7:00 to 8:00 PM ET, to learn about the science, technology, and real-world applications of NASA&rsquo;s Glob... Elementary Middle School High School Postsecondary Informal Education Earth & Space Science Environmental Science Life Science STEM Web Seminar Science Update: Making Climate Science Matter: Expanding the Use and Reach of the Fifth National Climate Assessment, May 2, 2024 Join us on Thursday, May 2, 2024, from 7:00 to 8:00 PM ET, to learn about the fifth National Climate Assessment (NCA5) report.... Elementary Middle School High School Postsecondary Informal Education Biology Climate Change Earth & Space Science Environmental Science Life Science STEM Member Web Seminar Transforming Science Learning: Making Sense of Data Through the Crosscutting Concepts, May 7, 2024 Join us on Tuesday, May 7, 2024, from 7:00 PM to 8:30 PM ET, for the third web seminar in this series about the Crosscutting Concepts.... Member Web Seminar Transforming Science Learning: Assessment of Sensemaking Through the Crosscutting Concepts, May 14, 2024 Join us on Tuesday, May 14, 2024, from 7:00 PM to 8:30 PM ET, for the fourth (and last) web seminar in this series about the Crosscutting Concepts.... Membership Membership in NSTA is one of the best professional development investments you can make. Join 40,000 dedicated teachers, science supervisors, administrators, informal educators, home educators, scientists, and business and industry representatives committed to science education. JOIN NOW Bookstore Conferences & Events Professional Learning Membership Science Standards Blog Awards & Competitions About NSTA Contact and Location Meet the NSTA Leadership NSTA Career Openings Partner Jobs in Education Position Statements Press Releases Science Supply Guide For Administrators For College Professors For Advertisers For Exhibitors National Science Teaching Association 405 E Laburnum Avenue Ste 3 Richmond, VA 23222 (T) 703.524.3646 (F) 703.243.7177 © 2024 NSTA Asset 2