Tim Harford, the Undercover Economist Articles Cautionary Tales Dear Economist Highlights Marginalia Other Writing Radio Resources Speeches Undercover Economist Video Books The Truth Detective How To Make The World Add Up US/Canada Edition The Next 50 Things 50 Things Messy The Undercover Economist Strikes Back Adapt Dear Undercover Economist The Logic of Life The Undercover Economist Speaking Podcasts Etc. Biography FAQ Select Page “He’s a genius at telling stories that illuminate our world” Malcolm Gladwell The Sunday Times number One Business Bestseller How to Make the World Add Up Ten Rules for Thinking Differently About Numbers Read More Is Published in North America as The Data Detective Ten Easy Rules to Make Sense of Statistics Read More Best Selling Author Tim Harford Tim is an economist, journalist and broadcaster. He is author of “The Next Fifty Things That Made the Modern Economy”, “Messy”, and the million-selling “The Undercover Economist”. Tim is a senior columnist at the Financial Times, and the presenter of Radio 4’s “More or Less”, the iTunes-topping series “Fifty Things That Made the Modern Economy”, and the new podcast “Cautionary Tales”. Tim has spoken at TED, PopTech and the Sydney Opera House. He is an associate member of Nuffield College, Oxford and an honorary fellow of the Royal Statistical Society. Tim was made an OBE for services to improving economic understanding in the New Year honours of 2019. FAQ Books The Truth Detective “Tim Harford is peerless at making sense of a complicated world and our place within it. This is a book that all children should read” Matthew Syed Read More How to Make the World Add Up “Tim Harford is our most likeable champion of reason and rigour… clear, clever and always highly readable.” The Times, Books of the Year Read More The Next Fifty Things “Endlessly insightful and full of surprises – exactly what you would expect from Tim Harford.” Bill Bryson Read More Fifty Things “Packed with fascinating detail… Harford has an engagingly wry style and his book is a superb introduction to some of the most vital products of human ingenuity.” The Sunday Times Read More Messy “It’s a very very good book, full of wise counterintuitions and clever insights.” Brian Eno Read More The Undercover Economist Strikes Back “Every Tim Harford book is cause for celebration. He makes the ‘dismal science’ seem like an awful lot of fun.” Malcolm Gladwell Read More Adapt “In a world that craves certainty, Harford makes a compelling case for why we can’t have it. A brilliant and oddly empowering book.” Dave Gorman Read More Dear Undercover Economist “The very best letters from the ‘Dear Economist’ columns from 2003-2008 in one handy book-sized package.” Read More The Logic of Life “As lively as it is smart, charming, penetrating, and wise. If you are at all interested in knowing much more than you do about how the world works, you couldn’t ask for a better guide than Harford.” Stephen J. Dubner Read More The Undercover Economist “This book should be required reading for every elected official, business leader, and university student.” Steven D. Levitt Read More Articles Cautionary Tales – Buried Evil: V2 Rocket (Part 3) 1st March, 2024 | Cautionary TalesAs US troops approached a prison camp in Nazi Germany, they could hear agonized wailing. The stench of rotting flesh filled their nostrils. Moments later they discovered a pile of smoldering corpses, alongside emaciated survivors. Next to the concentration camp they... read more Of top-notch algorithms and zoned-out humans 29th February, 2024 | Undercover EconomistOn June 1 2009, Air France Flight 447 vanished on a routine transatlantic flight. The circumstances were mysterious until the black box flight recorder was recovered nearly two years later, and the awful truth became apparent: three highly trained pilots had crashed a... read more The secret to finding the best idea ever? First think about the absolute worst 22nd February, 2024 | Undercover EconomistWhen he first heard the music, Brian Eno grabbed a copy of the single and ran to find David Bowie. “I’ve found the sound of the future,” he breathlessly announced. It was 1977, and the sound of the future was “I Feel Love”. Donna Summer’s ethereal vocals were backed... read more Fake: It’s only a matter of time until disinformation leads to calamity 21st February, 2024 | Highlights, Other WritingNot long after Eric Hebborn was murdered, an off-the-record conversation with the famed artist-turned-forger was published. On tape, Hebborn made explosive claims about his time as a student at the Royal Academy of Art in the 1950s, where he had been awarded a... read more Cautionary Tales – Into the Black Lair: V2 Rocket (Part 2) 16th February, 2024 | Cautionary TalesIn the 1920s, Germany’s Society for Spaceship Travel boasted some of the sharpest scientific minds – like the incandescently brilliant young Wernher von Braun. But it had very little money, and progress was slow. Then, in 1932, the army made a proposal: it would fund... read more Are economists selfish? Not according to Monopoly 15th February, 2024 | Undercover EconomistAgainst my better judgment, I was recently prevailed upon to play a game of Monopoly with the family. It soon developed in a fashion that has become familiar: everyone tried to rip everyone else’s face off, except me. I proposed a mutually beneficial deal to each... read more The planet’s got 99 problems, but exponential growth isn’t one 8th February, 2024 | Undercover EconomistIf Christmas is (alas) a time for a materialist blowout, January is often a time for rueful reflection. Should we really have bought all that soon-to-be-landfill for each other? The answer, as I have written a dozen times, is . . . probably not. Thankfully, people... read more Cautionary Tales – Supersonic Nazi Vengeance: V2 Rocket (Part 1) 2nd February, 2024 | Cautionary TalesAt the height of World War Two, British intelligence began receiving reports that the enemy was developing a rocket weapon. The idea seemed fantastical — resources in Nazi Germany were scarce and a rocket-building program defied economic logic. But one intelligence... read more For resolutions, is it better to add or subtract? 1st February, 2024 | Undercover EconomistThe New Year ritual of vowing to quit smoking, drinking or dessert is not for me. I’ve long preferred the idea that resolutions should be adding something positive rather than squeezing out bad habits. In a typical year, I might resolve to exercise more, to see more... read more Read More The Data Detective Ten Easy Rules to Make Sense of Statistics “Thanks to Tim Harford’s characteristic wit and magnetic storytelling, you may not realize you’re getting an advanced course in how to understand the kinds of statistics we’re all faced with every day.” –DAVID EPSTEIN, author of Range Learn More  Lecture Agents JLA (For the UK) Leigh Bureau Ltd. (Elsewhere)  Literary Agent Sally Holloway Felicity Bryan Agency  TV & Radio Agent Knight Ayton Knight Ayton Management      Receive New Posts by Email Enter your email address to receive notifications of new articles by email (you can unsubscribe at any time). Email Subscribe ©1999–2024 Tim Harford, all rights reserved – Images by Fran Monks & Design by W Studio Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Pin It on Pinterest