blender.org - Home of the Blender project - Free and Open 3D Creation Software Toggle navigation Features Download Support Get Involved About Jobs Donate Features Download Support Get Involved About Jobs Donate Blender 4.0 Introducing Cycles Light Linking, new Principled BSDF shader, better Color Management, and so much more! Download What's New by Gaku Tada Latest News EVENT Bender at GDC 2024 NEWS Happy Birthday Blender! Blender Studio Charge Asset LibraryCharge asset collection of objects, materials and more!Retopology Modifiers - Pinning & RelaxingModeling tools and modifiers to speed up the retopology process on film production.Automatic Model Sheets in BlenderHow to render consistent model turnaround sheets directly in your .blend file, as well as production knowledge in using model sheets.Introducing bbatch: batch file processing with Blenderbbatch is a command line tool used to find .blend files and execute a provided python script. Blender Development A New Developer Documentation PlatformA new platform to foster a shift in developer documentation culture. Grease Pencil: Task ForceThis is a call to the Blender community to help out and get Grease Pencil 3 out of experimental! Geometry Nodes Workshop: November 2023Exploring many design topics for the future of geometry nodes. Vulkan Project UpdateLast week a big milestone was reached: the Vulkan backend has been enabled as an experimental option. Free and Open Source Blender is a public project hosted on blender.org, licensed as GNU GPL, owned by its contributors. For that reason Blender is Free and Open Source software, forever. Learn more Part of the industry Blender is a member of ASWF, Khronos, Linux Foundation and OIN. It’s also well supported by major hardware vendors such as AMD, Apple, Intel, and NVIDIA. It’s about people. Designers, developers, engineers, artists. All driven by passion. All using Blender to make an impact. Connecting Blender Community Showcasing Blender at industry events Creating Worlds at BCON19 The demo scene is back with Nodevember The Ecosystem Countless communities and thriving businesses are built around Blender.Together, these tutorial makers and content creators, add-on developers and global marketplaces form an ever-expanding ecosystem. Find Blender Communities Everything You NeedCycles Render EngineCycles is Blender’s built-in powerful unbiased path-tracer engine that offers stunning ultra-realistic rendering. · Real-time viewport preview · CPU & GPU rendering · PBR shaders & HDR lighting support · VR rendering support Modeling, Sculpt, UVBlender’s comprehensive array of modeling tools make creating, transforming and editing your models a breeze. · Full N-Gon support · Edge slide, inset, grid and bridge fill, and more · Advanced sculpting tools and brushes · Multi-resolution and Dynamic subdivision · 3D painting with textured brushes and masking · Python scripting for custom tools and add-ons VFXVFX professionals say: “Probably the best tracker in the market”. Blender includes production ready camera and object tracking. Allowing you to import raw footage, track the footage, mask areas and see the camera movements live in your 3D scene. Eliminating the need to switch between programs. · Auto and Manual tracking · Powerful camera reconstruction · Real-time preview of your tracked footage and 3D scene · Support for Planar tracking and Tripod solvers Animation & RiggingThanks to the high quality rigging and animation tools, Blender is being used for numerous short films, advertisements, TV series and feature films now. · Envelope, skeleton and automatic skinning · B-spline interpolated bones · Curve editor and dope sheets · Custom bone shapes for fast input · Sound synchronization Story Art, Drawing 2D in 3DReally! Drawing directly in a 3D viewport makes a lot of sense. It opens unsurpassed workflow freedom for story-boarders and 2D artists. · Combine 2D with 3D right in the viewport · Full Animation Support with Onion Skinning · Layers & Colors for Stroke and Fill · Sculpt brush strokes & Parent to 3D objects Make it Your OwnBlender has a flexible Python controlled interface. Layout, colors, size and even fonts can be adjusted. Use hundreds of add-ons by the community or create your own using Blender’s accessible Python API. · Customize the interface layout and colors · Hi-res/Retina screen support · Create your own tools and add-ons · Draw over the OpenGL viewport · Connect with Blender’s Render API The Freedom to Create. Download Blender Download Latest Blender Blender LTS Blender Benchmark Previous Versions Experimental Builds Source Code Release Notes Requirements Organization People Jobs About Blender Foundation Blender Institute Blender Studio License Logo & Trademark Credits Privacy Policy Articles News Press Releases User Stories Get Involved Dashboard Development Documentation Education Donate Development Fund One-time Donations Blender Studio Films Training Developers Get Started Projects Docs Blog Forum Python API Support Manual Community FAQ Blender Conference Follow Blender YouTube X Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Mastodon Artistic freedom starts with Blender The Free and Open Source 3D Creation Suite