Wikitravel - The Free Travel Guide Create account Log in welcome to Wikitravel Help us grow by contributing to an article! Learn how. Take me to: 125,217 Pages in English الصفحة الرئيسية Pàgina principal Hauptseite English Cefpago Portada Etusivu Accueil עמוד ראשי मुखपृष्ठ Kezdőlap Pagina principale メインページ 대문 Hoofdpagina Strona glówna Página principal Portal Заглавная страница Huvudsida 首页 Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Destination of the Month Rio de Janeiro Did you know that the harbor of Rio de Janeiro is one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World? Not only a great destination to celebrate Carnaval, but great to visit year round. Off the Beaten Path Dubuque One of the oldest cities in the state of Iowa, Dubuque is nestled in one of the most beautiful natural areas along the course of the Mississippi River. Between nature, art and American history you will discover a little-known corner of the USA Cuisine of the Month Brazilian Cuisine Brazil's national dish is feijoada, a hearty stew made of black beans, pork (ears, knuckles, chops, sausage) and beef (usually dried). Excellent seafood can be found in coastal towns. What is your favorite dish here? Landmark of the Month Mount Rushmore Featuring the monumental faces of four former Presidents of the United States of America, blasted and carved from white rock, Mount Rushmore represents an iconic destination for many travelers to the area. Language of the Month Fulfulde Phrasebook Fulfulde is the language of the Fulbe people (also known as Peul or Fulani), who are found throughout West Africa. Previous Next Travel Alerts Current and upcoming events Top Mountain TrailsHidden Gems Top Destinations 2024 Gobi Desert, Mongolia Mongolian Gobi is one of the most remote and least trodden deserts in the world. The third in the world after the Sahara, and Arabian Desert, it covers nearly one-third of Mongolia. Also it is one of the worlds the most beautiful, with mountain peaks, grasslands, desert steppes, sand dunes and oases. Lake Urnersee Lake Urnersee is a lake located in Central Switzerland. Zanzibar Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous archipelago off the coast of Tanzania consisting of Zanzibar Island, Pemba Island and many smaller islands. Zanzibar island itself is approximately 90km long and 40km wide. A view over Stone Town from the sea In 1896, Zanzibar was the location of the world's shortest war, surrendering to Britain after 38 minutes of naval bombardment The Balkans The Balkans is a region that includes countries on the Balkan Peninsula in the southeast of Europe, including most of the former Yugoslavia. Puebla, Mexico A city in Mexico's Puebla Valley surrounded by volcanoes and snow-capped mountains. It is slightly over 110 kilometers (68 miles) south-east of Mexico City. In 2005, the city proper had a population of 1.5 million people, while the metropolitan area had a population of 2.1 million. Georgia, USA Georgia is more diverse than many people realize, with a scenic seacoast, mountains and large cities as well as extensive rural areas. In 2017 rock on at one of Georgia’s 75 music festivals, such as June’s AthFest in Athens, home of the B-52’s and R.E.M. Previous Next Other Destinations Georgia, USA Puebla, Mexico Gobi Desert The Balkans TRAVEL ALERTS Flights Amsterdam canceled storm Isha, (22 Jan 2024) Volcano Iceland, (14 Jan 2024) Japan earthquake, (1 Jan 2024) State of Emergency Iceland, (11 Nov 2023) Current and upcoming events SAIL Den Helder Parade of Sail, (2 - 2 Jul 2023) June Pride Month, (1 - 30 Jun 2023) Beltane Fire Festival Edinburgh, (30 - 30 Apr 2023) Top Mountain Trails Mont Blanc Everest Base Camp Israel National Trail Grindelwald, Swiss Alps Torres del Paine, Chile Appalachian Trail Inca Trail Grand Canyon St. John's, Canada Mount Kilimanjaro Hidden Gems Ladakh, Himalaya Apulia, Italy Huacachina, Peru Svalbard Jiuzhaigou National Park, China Lake Atitlan, Guatemala Salar de Uyuni, Bolilvia Phrasebooks Learn the most common phrases in local languages. Read more Picture of the Week Lake Phewa, a beautiful freshwater lake in Nepal. Read more GET INVOLVED About Wikitravel Tips for new contributors Make your first edit on Wikitravel Welcome, business owners Manual of style Ways to help Wikitravel Read more Since 2003: the original free, crowdsourced travel guide with 300,000 writer/travelers visiting every day. Come add a listing right now! Navigation Main Page Project Home Travellers' Pub Recent changes Random page Help Report a problem Upload a picture Contact Wikitravel Desktop View User area Create account Log in Other sites Wikitravel Shared Wikipedia Toolbox What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link In other languages ar: الصفحة الرئيسية ca: Pàgina principal de: Hauptseite eo: Cefpago es: Portada fi: Etusivu fr: Accueil he: עמוד ראשי hi: मुखपृष्ठ hu: Kezdőlap it: Pagina principale ja: メインページ ko: 대문 nl: Hoofdpagina pl: Strona glówna pt: Página principal ro: Portal ru: Заглавная страница sv: Huvudsida zh: 首页 - Manage Preferences - Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2024 MH Sub I, LLC dba Internet Brands. All rights reserved. About Wikitravels - Cookie Policy - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Desktop View