Greensboro News and Record | Breaking News | | Read Greensboro and North Carolina breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on North Carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 69° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Regional Education Politics Business Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Submit a Counterpoint Sports HSXtra College ACCXtra Professional Betting North Carolina Betting Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Movies & TV Music Dining Contests Games & Puzzles Comics Columns Play People Travel Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Faith Sponsored Content Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Greensboro Archives Our Properties Rockingham Now Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local Today's Deal Customer Service Manage Greensboro Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter Sign-up Subscribe Contact Us Photo Submissions Manage Rockingham Subscription Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs 69° Partly Cloudy Live Watch and get live Super Tuesday updates and results from primaries and caucuses around the nation Hearing on Greensboro manager's request to intervene in bodycam case is rescheduled In the filing, Jaiyeoba argued that he is “a private citizen who is not under investigation for a crime nor has he committed a crime” and that he is entitled to the same level of privacy as other citizens. Two Things: Reading the early tea leaves on Super Tuesday; no surprise that Greensboro is fighting video release Super Tuesday. If you’re into that kind of thing, that is. Abby Emanuelson and Peg O’Connell: Faith affirmed, mission accomplished with Medicaid expansion Can people with open minds and good intentions still come together to change lives for the better? Leonard Greene: Surge pricing for burgers leaves a bad taste in our mouths After the Five Guys franchise went viral the other day over a $12 burger, the joke making its way around the internet was that customers would have to start going to Four Guys just to save a little money. Tuesday's letters: UNCG's unrest was kindled by poor communication Whom to believe? Carolina Panthers to partner with FanDuel Kristi Coleman, the Panthers’ president, said the partnership has the opportunity “to deliver unique and engaging experiences to our fans while they are in North Carolina.” Zach Brewer, a driver at Bowman Gray Stadium, dies at the age of 44 He also drove a lot on the SMART Tour during his long career in the Modified divisions Recommended For You Zach Brewer, a driver at Bowman Gray Stadium, dies at the age of 44 Guilford County EMS assisted 11 people during Trump rally Primary elections are today. Here's what you need to know. The Latest Newly listed homes for sale in the Greensboro area Browse through recently listed homes in the Greensboro real estate market and find your next home! Retired pastor pleads guilty to sex charges in farmers market case He previously served churches in Lewisville and Thomasville. Greensboro homes for big families Greensboro homes with at least five bedrooms. House 62 working The most crowded of North Carolina’s legislative races — House District 62 — will see five candidates, including a longtime past incumbent, vie in the upcoming Republican primary for the post Rep. John Faircloth is leaving for retirement. Interact With Us Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Latest Video Zach Brewer wins the second Modified Division race in May of 2022 Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Chief John Thompson on reasons for appealing bodycam release order Sports NCHSAA girls basketball third round playoffs: a look at who is left The NCHSAA girls basketball third round playoff games take place on Tuesday. Here is a look at the four Greensboro area teams remaining and who they face. NCHSAA boys basketball third round playoffs: a look at who is left The NCHSAA basketball third round playoff games take place on Tuesday. Here is a look at the five boys teams who are left and the teams they will play against. Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. Wake Forest draws 14th seed for ACC Women's Tournament; Defending champ Virginia Tech is top seed Demon Deacons will play Wednesday at Greensboro Coliseum at 6:30 p.m. against Virginia Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Man seeks to commemorate moment Bessie Smith and fans chased off the KKK in North Carolina A North Carolina resident is working to make sure music legend Bessie Smith is forever remembered for a moment of bravery against the KKK that occurred almost 100 years ago. Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Primary care doctors are a critical link to better health for seniors Content by Humana. See why Humana Medicare Advantage members are encouraged to establish a relationship with a “value-based care” provider in their network. 17 best sites to buy Instagram likes in 2024 Provided content. Find the best sites for buying Instagram likes. Contributor Will the bulls run again? Contributor Content. Despite what some say, stocks may not turn bullish by the end of the year. Contributor 15 innovative holiday gift ideas for the dad who seemingly has it all Contributor Content. Every year, the question arises, what do you get for the man who seems to have a perfectly stocked life? Local Businesses Edward Jones 1196-A PLEASANT RIDGE ROAD, GREENSBORO, NC 27409 Wake Forest University - Psychology Dept PO BOX 7778, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27109 Morning Star Missionary Baptist Church 607 STANTON ST, EDEN, NC 27288 Print Ads Retail Stores PRIMATEK,INC T/A SEDGEFIELD Retail Stores WILD BIRDS UNLIMITED Services GLC MARKETING CO, INC Other WILLIAMS COMPANIES Services HARMONY SENIOR SERVICES Retail Stores CASS JEWELERS Other ROCKINGHAM COUNTY TAX DEPT. Retail Stores AMISH TRADING POST Retail Stores SHOE MARKET SAMPLES Healthcare WAKE FOREST PLASTIC & RECONST × Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Sites & Partners Life & Entertainment Rockingham Now Photo Submissions Newsletter Signup Services Manage Subscription Place An Ad Advertise Submission Forms Join Our Team Become a Carrier Licensing © Copyright 2024 Greensboro News & Record, 3001 South Elm Eugene St. Greensboro, NC 27401 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe