Create Interactive Maps for Websites - Fla-shop.com ✕ Fla-Shop.com Interactive maps for websites Maps Demos Pricing Map Editor Blog Support Maps Demos Pricing Map Editor Blog Support Interactive Maps for Websites Add more interactivity to your site with clickable maps! Simple, mobile-friendly, and easily customizable maps of the US, the World, and most countries are ideal for any website. Features of the US map plugin Clickable states & markers Customizable colors, links, popups No coding required View demo Improve the usability and appeal of your site with our feature-rich maps. We offer WordPress plugins and JavaScript maps. Maps for any websites Our maps fit any website and any business. Whenever you need to show the geography of your company and provide users with an easier way to pick a particular office or rep - Fla-shop maps are just the right choice. Perfect solution for the following applications Branch/dealer network Distributors maps Sales regions maps Website navigation Visualization of statistical data Interactive infographics Premium WordPress plugins Many of our maps are available as WordPress plugins - an ideal option for your blog or WordPress-powered website. Instant installation and easy configuration. Compatible with any WP themes and Page Builders. WordPress map plugins Work with any CMS Our maps are 100% compatible with most popular CMSs including Squarespace, Shopify, Drupal, Joomla, and frameworks like Bootstrap, and others. The map can be easily embedded into your website and looks relevant. JavaScript Maps Simple install for novices Installing the map is easy - a few simple steps, less than 10 minutes. You need no specific skills or knowledge. The configuration and customization of the map are also absolutely effortless. Powerful API for pros Whenever you need more flexibility use the map's API and change almost any parameter of the map in runtime! Use event handlers and rich functionality to fulfill all your dreams! Free map tools Introducing two new free tools - the visited countries map generator and the visited states map generator. Mark the states or countries you've visited and share the map on social networks. Free WordPress plugins are available for download for maps of U.S. regions. Try customising the Interactive World Map or editing the US map in the new online editor. Customer reviews I've been using a variety of maps from Fla-shop for several years now and my clients love them. They are easy to configure and install with a great variety of options. The support team at Fla-shop is wonderful and very responsive as well. I highly recommend! Peri Lane, The Abel Group We have used Fla-shop.com several times. The support is first-class and the product is fantastic! and so easy to use. I cant recommend highly enough. Mark Stevens, Advantage Healthcare Group The staff at FLA-SHOP.com are very supportive, and the product is a dream to work with in terms of flexibility. A huge time-saver for those looking to incorporate great looking clickable maps, highly recommended. Darren Lee, ADRWEB Inc. Trusted by 3000+ companies Most popular products United States Map U.S. Map with Clickable States World Map for WordPress World Map with Clickable Countries Drill-down World Map Continents > Countries > States Fla-Shop.com Interactive maps for websites Fla-shop.com is a company with more than 10 years of experience. We provide easy-to-set-up interactive maps for various websites: from dealer locators for brands up to destination maps for travel-bloggers. Products WordPress Maps HTML5 Maps Custom Maps Showcase Free Maps & Tools Visited States Map Visited Countries Map Image Map Generator Free Map Plugins USA SVG Map Helpful Links Interactive World Map Blog Affiliates Support Contact Us Payment methods Privacy policy | Terms of use © 2024 Fla-shop.com