ASPE | Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ASPE Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation Menu Topics Aging & Disability Behavioral Health Biomedical Research, Science, & Technology Children, Youth, & Families Data Evaluation Health & Health Care Homelessness & Housing Human Services Long-Term Services & Supports, Long-Term Care Policy & Regulation Poverty & Economic Mobility Prescription Drugs & Other Medical Products Public Health Strategic Plan Collaborations, Committees, and Advisory Groups NAPA - National Alzheimer's Project Act Physician-Focused Payment Model Technical Advisory Committee (PTAC) Office of the Secretary Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Trust Fund (OS-PCORTF) Health and Human Services (HHS) Data Council About About ASPE Leadership Offices Contact ASPE HHS PRA Waiver Notices & IRB Exemption Search by Keyword Search Better Research for Better Policy The Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation (ASPE) is the principal advisor to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services on policy development, and is responsible for major activities in policy coordination, legislation development, strategic planning, policy research, evaluation, and economic analysis. About ASPE What's New Inflation Reduction Act Research Series: Projected Impacts for Rural Medicare E… Mar 4, 2024 National Uninsured Rate Remains Largely Unchanged at 7.7 Percent in the Third Q… Feb 22, 2024 Estimates of Child Care Eligibility & Receipt for Fiscal Year 2020 Feb 14, 2024 Children’s Interagency Coordinating Council FY 2023 Report to Congress Feb 6, 2024 Premarket Notifications and Patents for Breast Pumps Before and After the ACA Feb 5, 2024 State Efforts to Coordinate Provider Directory Accuracy Jan 10, 2024 Noteworthy Homelessness & Housing Aging & Disability Healthcare Coverage & Access Child Welfare Prevention Toolkit COVID-19 Evidence Act (Evaluation Policy, Evaluation Plan) About Us Collaborations, Committees, and Advisory Groups NAPA - National Alzheimer's Project Act Physician-Focused Payment Model Technical Advisory Committee (PTAC) Office of the Secretary Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Trust Fund (OS-PCORTF) Health and Human Services (HHS) Data Council ASPE Offices Office of Behavioral Health, Disability, and Aging Policy (BHDAP) Office of Health Policy (HP) Office of Human Services Policy (HSP) Office of Science and Data Policy (SDP) Office of Planning and Policy Support (OPPS) Stay up to date with all the latest from ASPE. Sign up for our newsletter today. Sign Up Return to top About ASPE About ASPE Leadership Offices Waivers & Exemptions Contact Other Resources ASPE Home HHS Home USA.gov Office of the Inspector General The White House Accessibility Budget / Performance Privacy Policy Nondiscrimination Notice FOIA Plain Writing Act No Fear Act Disclaimers Viewers & Players Glossary Common Acronyms HHS Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Language Assistance Spanish 繁體中文 简体中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Русский العربية Kreyòl Ayisyen Français Polski Português Italiano Deutsch 日本語 فارسی English Connect with Us Don't miss the latest news from ASPE Sign Up ASPE.hhs.gov Twitter Better Research for Better Policy The Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation (ASPE) is the principal advisor to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services on policy development, and is responsible for major activities in policy coordination, legislation development, strategic planning, policy research, evaluation, and economic analysis. Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation, Room 415F U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 200 Independence Avenue, SW Washington, D.C. 20201 +1 202.690.7858