Electrum Bitcoin Wallet Bitcoin Wallet Home Download Documentation Community About Warning: Do not download Electrum from another source than electrum.org. Verify GPG signatures. Latest release: Electrum-4.5.3 Release notes - Previous releases Our executables are reproducible, and are signed independently by several builders. The current executables have been signed by ThomasV, SomberNight, Emzy. Sources and Binaries Python (3.8 and higher) Electrum-4.5.3.tar.gz Signatures Linux Appimage Signatures Windows (8.1 and higher) Standalone Executable Signatures Windows Installer Signatures Portable version (security advice) Signatures macOS (10.13 and higher) Executable for macOS Signatures Android (6.0 and higher) (available on Google Play) arm 64-bit (arm64-v8a, recommended) Signatures arm 32-bit (armeabi-v7a) Signatures x86_64 Signatures Installation from Python sources Linux Install dependencies: sudo apt-get install python3-pyqt5 libsecp256k1-dev python3-cryptography Download package: wget https://download.electrum.org/4.5.3/Electrum-4.5.3.tar.gz Verify signatures: wget https://download.electrum.org/4.5.3/Electrum-4.5.3.tar.gz.asc gpg --verify Electrum-4.5.3.tar.gz.asc Run without installing: tar -xvf Electrum-4.5.3.tar.gz python3 Electrum-4.5.3/run_electrum Install with PIP: sudo apt-get install python3-setuptools python3-pip python3 -m pip install --user Electrum-4.5.3.tar.gz How to verify GPG signatures GPG signatures are a proof that distributed files have been signed by the owner of the signing key. For example, if this website was compromised and the original Electrum files had been replaced, signature verification would fail, because the attacker would not be able to create valid signatures. (Note that an attacker would be able to create valid hashes, this is why we do not publish hashes of our binaries here, it does not bring any security). In order to be able to verify GPG signatures, you need to import the public key of the signer. Electrum binaries are signed with ThomasV's public key. On Linux, you can import that key using the following command: gpg --import ThomasV.asc. Here are tutorials for Windows and macOS. When you import a key, you should check its fingerprint using independent sources, such as here, or use the Web of Trust. Notes for Windows users Electrum binaries are often flagged by various anti-virus software. There is nothing we can do about it, so please stop reporting that to us. Anti-virus software uses heuristics in order to determine if a program is malware, and that often results in false positives. If you trust the developers of the project, you can verify the GPG signature of Electrum binaries, and safely ignore any anti-virus warnings. If you do not trust the developers of the project, you should build the binaries yourself, or run the software from source. Finally, if you are really concerned about malware, you should not use an operating system that relies on anti-virus software. Old versions of Windows might need to install the KB2999226 Windows update. Documentation Official documentation: electrum.readthedocs.io Unofficial guide: bitcoinelectrum.com Community Support Documentation: https://electrum.readthedocs.io Official announcements are made on Twitter You can ask questions on bitcointalk.org As well as on Reddit Development IRC channel: #electrum channel on Libera Bug reports: electrum page on GitHub Localization: https://crowdin.net/project/electrum Electrum Servers Server source code: ElectrumX (new, faster implementation) How to run your own Electrum server: Install Guide Servers list and status (Lists only Bitcoin Electrum servers) Statistics from Petrkr's server Privacy Policy Electrum Technologies GmbH built the Electrum Wallet app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Electrum Technologies GmbH at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Electrum Wallet unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Log Data In a case of a crash in the app, we offer to the user the option to upload a crash log (Python traceback) to Github, where it will be public. The crash log does not contain any private keys nor private user information. However, the crash log may contain IP addresses, timestamps, device name and OS version. The crash log is viewable by the user before it is uploaded, and its publication is always opt-in. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. About Electrum Electrum was created by Thomas Voegtlin in November 2011. Since then, various developers have contributed to its source code. Developers with Github write access Thomas Voegtlin [github] [gpg key] 6694 D8DE 7BE8 EE56 31BE D950 2BD5 824B 7F94 70E6 SomberNight [github] [gpg key for identity/git commits] 4AD6 4339 DFA0 5E20 B3F6 AD51 E7B7 48CD AF5E 5ED9 [gpg key for releases] 0EED CFD5 CAFB 4590 6734 9B23 CA9E EEC4 3DF9 11DC Website and release security Developers do not have direct unilateral write access to this website. Changes must be signed by both ThomasV and SomberNight, automatically checked by a script before made publicly visible. Release distributables are reproducible, and need to be signed by at least the same two keys, before the script exposes them to the webserver. Impressum This website is hosted by Electrum Technologies GmbH Electrum Technologies was founded by Thomas Voegtlin in 2013. Its mission is to develop, package and distribute Electrum software, and to provide services to Bitcoin users and businesses. Address Electrum Technologies GmbH Paul-Lincke-Ufer 8d 10999 Berlin - Germany Disclaimer Electrum is Free Software, released under the MIT Licence. Safe Your private keys are encrypted and never leave your computer. Forgiving Your funds can be recovered from a secret phrase. Instant On Electrum is fast, because it uses servers that index the Bitcoin blockchain. No Lock-In You can export your private keys and use them in other Bitcoin clients. No Downtimes Electrum servers are decentralized and redundant. Your wallet is never down. Proof Checking Electrum Wallet verifies all the transactions in your history using SPV. Cold Storage Keep your private keys offline, and go online with a watching-only wallet. Multisig Split the permission to spend your coins between several wallets. Add-ons Electrum supports third-party plugins: Multisig services, Hardware wallets, etc. Download Electrum Impressum Disclaimer Released under the MIT Licence Website source