Home - Evangelical Lutheran Church in America About the ELCAFaithFind a CongregationResourcesNewsOur WorkGiveELCA.orgLiving LutheranChurchwide AssemblyYouth GatheringELCA Directory Facebook YouTube Instagram Call ProcessFind A CongregationGive Give Now Give Monthly ELCA Good Gifts ELCA Foundation About the ELCA About the ELCA What We Believe Mission & Vision History Congregations Synods Leadership Financial Ecumenical and Inter-Religious Relations Churchwide Office of the Presiding Bishop Office of the Secretary Office of the Treasurer Related Organizations Augsburg Fortress Christian Education Network of the ELCA Deaconess Community ELCA Federal Credit Union ELCA Foundation Evangelical Lutheran Education Association Life of Faith Lutheran Men in Mission Mission Investment Fund Portico Benefit Services Women of the ELCA Ways to Give ELCA Giving Opportunities Find an ELCA Congregation There is a place for you among our nearly 10,000 congregations across the United States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands... Search Now » Faith Faith ELCA Teaching Ecumenical and Inter-Religious Relations Daily Bible Reading Faith and Society • Social Messages • Social Statements Journal of Lutheran Ethics Luther and Lutheranism Martin Luther was eight years old when Christopher Columbus set sail from Europe and landed in the Western Hemisphere. Luther was a young monk and priest when Michaelangelo was painting the Sistine Chapel in Rome... Read More » Full Communion Partners Full communion is when two denominations develop a relationship based on a common confessing of the Christian faith and a mutual recognition of Baptism and sharing of the Lord’s Supper... Read More » Find a CongregationResources Resources Downloadable Resources Items to Order ELCA Good Gifts Catalog The 24-page ELCA Good Gifts catalog offers many different ways to honor friends and loved ones with gifts that will make a difference in the world... Download » Order » First Call Process Completion of the first call process completes candidacy for all people, including those ordained in another Lutheran church or Christian tradition, moving them toward first call and admittance to the appropriate roster in the ELCA. Read More » News News News Releases ELCA Facts ELCA Blogs Statements from the Presiding Bishop Youth Gathering 50 Years of Ordained Women With gratitude for those who have gone before and hope for the future, the ELCA gives thanks to God for the ministry of women. In 2019 and 2020 we celebrate 50 years of Lutheran women being ordained in the United States, 40 years of women of color being ordained, and 10 years of LGBTQIA+ individuals being able to serve freely. Read More » Sanctuary Denomination In its simplest form, becoming a sanctuary denomination means that the ELCA is publicly declaring that walking alongside immigrants and refugees is a matter of faith. In baptism, we are brought into a covenantal relationship with Jesus Christ that commits us to strive for justice and peace in all the earth. Read More » Our Work Congregations and Synods Book of Faith Children's Ministry Congregational Communication Tools Congregation and Synod Data Disability Ministry Education Program Planners ELCA New Congregations Ethnic Specific and Multicultural Ministries Faith Practices "God's work. Our hands." Sunday Innovation Lab Renewing Congregations Resourceful Servants Schools Seeds Monthly Stewardship Worship Young Adult Ministry Youth Ministry Youth Gathering Leadership Candidacy Leadership Development Colleges and Universities ELCA Fund for Leaders Federal Chaplaincy Ministries Lay Schools for Ministry Lutheran Theological Center in Atlanta Quality of Call Initiative Seminaries Specialized Pastoral Care Vocation - Become a Leader Global Mission Global Service Glocal Events International Leaders Companion Synod Relationships Young Adults in Global Mission Related Ministries Campus Ministry Mission Builders Outdoor Ministry Relief and Development ELCA World Hunger HIV/AIDS Ministry Lutheran Disaster Response Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Services Social Ministry Organizations Publicly Engaged Church Advocacy AMMPARO Corporate Social Responsibility Creation Care Network ELCAVotes Faith Science and Technology Justice for Women Justice Portal Lutheran Office for World Community Organizing for Mission Peace Not Walls Racial Justice Ministries Social Issues Volunteer Opportunities Learn moreREGISTER NOWLearn morePreviousNextGetting Started »New to ELCA New to the ELCA? Welcome to the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA). The ELCA is a church of about 4 million members who actively participate in God’s work in the world. We believe that we are freed in Christ to serve and love our neighbor. With our hands, we do God’s work of restoring and reconciling communities in Jesus Christ’s name throughout the world. We are a church that belongs to Christ. There is a place for you here. We live in many different communities, span all ages, cultures and races and bring to this church unique life experiences and perspectives. Seek answers to your questions and discover what God is calling you to in life. Learn More: ELCA Teaching Our History Our Mission Our Vision ELCA in the News Congregations Congregations A congregation is a diverse community of believers who gather for worship, exploring God’s word together, mutual care and support, and equipping one another to live and serve in the world. About 4 million members of the ELCA gather in nearly 10,000 congregations across the 50 states, Caribbean and U.S. Virgin Islands. Chances are there is a congregation near you. Find a congregation today and connect with other people who are committed to participating in what God is up to in the world. Learn More: Find a Congregation Congregations and Synods ELCA New Congregations Renewing Congregations Form A and C Lay Leaders Lay Leaders We believe that we all have a calling — a vocation — to follow Christ’s example of serving and loving our neighbor, pursuing justice and peace in the world. The ways in which lay leaders serve this church, their communities and the world are as diverse as the strengths, life experiences, interests and skills each person brings with them as part of their unique story. Learn more about yourself, how and where God may be calling you as a leader and what opportunities there are for further preparing yourself. Learn More Lay Schools for Ministry Rostered Ministers Rostered Ministers Rostered ministers are called, equipped and theologically trained to serve in the ELCA on a roster (or list) to do God’s work in the world. Rostered ministers include those on the word and sacrament and the word and service rosters. Rostered ministers work in congregations, special ministries, social service agencies, youth and family ministries, schools and colleges, parish nursing, and wherever God is at work and calling leaders to serve. Do you have a sense that God is calling you to serve? Learn more about the process and opportunities for ministry. Learn More: Become a Leader ELCA Leadership Rostered Ministers of the ELCA First Call Process ELCA Fund For Leaders News and EventsHelp shape a new social statementThe ELCA is developing a social statement on civic life and faith, as called for by the 2019 Churchwide Assembly. You’re invited to study the draft and give feedback by completing a survey or attending a hearing in your synod. Read More A first-of-its-kind education for Indigenous leadersLearn about the innovative Theological Education for Indigenous Leaders program, recently launched by Native ELCA leaders and Pacific Lutheran Theological Seminary. Read More A legacy of Lutheran storytellingIn the final print edition of Living Lutheran, we seek to honor the legacy of Lutheran publications whose tradition we have continued, and to mark some of the major milestones in our history.﻿ Read More Worth a LookFollowing the Way of Jesus: A Lenten Holy Land JourneySix new videos produced for the ELCA's new initiative, Sumud: For Justice in Palestine and Israel introduce viewers to the Holy Land, the theology of sumud and its significance through Scripture as the “way of Jesus.” Read More NEW: Lent ResourcesELCA World Hunger offers Lenten resources under the theme “the glory of the Lord shall be revealed,” including a study guide, calendar and action guide for congregations. Read More I'm a LutheranMeet Elizabeth Gilbert, a product data scientist, the co-organizer of Gather Cincinnati, and a member of First Lutheran Church, Cincinnati. Read More ELCA Blogs Keep up with the latest news from our ministries. Select a Blog from the list... Administration Matters AMMPARO Blog Latino Congregational Vitality Disability Ministries Ecumenical and Inter-Religious Perspectives ELCA Advocacy ELCA Innovation Lab ELCA Racial Justice ELCA World Hunger ELCA Young Adults ELCA Youth Gathering Faith Lens Lutheran Disaster Response Peace Not Walls Women of the ELCA Worship Resources Are you looking for something? Check out our resource page. Visit Now Presiding Bishop Learn more about ELCA Presiding Bishop Eaton Learn More This is Christ's church. There is a place for you here. We are the church that shares a living, daring confidence in God's grace. Liberated by our faith, we embrace you as a whole person--questions, complexities and all. Join us as we do God's work in Christ's name for the life of the world. Looking for Something? Find a Congregation Find a Person ELCA Directory Engage with Us Careers Give Contact Information Evangelical Lutheran Church in America 8765 W Higgins Road Chicago, IL 60631 Toll-Free: 800-638-3522 Phone: 773-380-2700 Fax: 773-380-1465 Contact Us Subscribe ELCA Community Login © Copyright & Trademark Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Trademark Guidelines