Yale E360 Search Search Yale Environment 360 Published at the Yale School of the Environment Explore Search About E360 Food & Agriculture How a Solar Revolution in Farming Is Depleting World’s Groundwater Farmers in hot, arid regions are turning to low-cost solar pumps to irrigate their fields, eliminating the need for expensive fossil fuels and boosting crop production. But by allowing them to pump throughout the day, the new technology is drying up aquifers around the globe. By Fred Pearce Energy In Rush for Lithium, Miners Turn to the Oil Fields of Arkansas The Smackover Formation in southern Arkansas was once a major oil producer. Now, companies hope to extract lithium — a key metal for electric vehicle batteries — from its underground brines using technologies they say could reduce mining’s carbon emissions and water use. By Boyce Upholt INTERVIEW What Will It Take to Save Our Cities from a Scorching Future? The U.N. named Eleni Myrivili its first-ever global chief heat officer based on her record as a city official in Athens. In an e360 interview, she talks about why extreme heat is a health crisis and what cities must do to protect the most vulnerable from rising temperatures. By Jocelyn C. Zuckerman Climate Rain Comes to the Arctic, With a Cascade of Troubling Changes Rain used to be rare in the Arctic, but as the region warms, so-called rain-on-snow events are becoming more common. The rains accelerate ice loss, trigger flooding, landslides, and avalanches, and create problems for wildlife and the Indigenous people who depend on them. By Ed Struzik TECHNOLOGY As Use of A.I. Soars, So Does the Energy and Water It Requires Generative artificial intelligence uses massive amounts of energy for computation and data storage and millions of gallons of water to cool the equipment at data centers. Now, legislators and regulators — in the U.S. and the EU — are starting to demand accountability. By David Berreby E360 Digest Digest Archive → Great Lakes Ice Cover Hits New Lows On the North American Great Lakes, ice cover usually peaks in late February or early March. But currently, the lakes are nearly ice-free. More about Great Lakes Ice Cover Hits New Lows → Cambodian Offset Project Led to Arrests, Evictions of Indigenous People, Report Alleges Indigenous people in southern Cambodia faced forced evictions and criminal charges after their ancestral lands were marked out for a carbon offset project, a new report alleges. More about Cambodian Offset Project Led to Arrests, Evictions of Indigenous People, Report Alleges → Boiling, Filtering Water Can Get Rid of Microplastics, Study Finds A new study finds that boiling and then filtering tap water can remove up to 90 percent of microplastics. More about Boiling, Filtering Water Can Get Rid of Microplastics, Study Finds → Support E360 E360’s in-depth reporting, analysis, and commentary depend on readers like you. Donate Now → Never miss an article. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter for weekly updates delivered to your inbox. Sign Up. Solutions Flying Green: The Pursuit of Carbon-Neutral Aviation Revs Up To eliminate global aviation’s sizable carbon footprint, researchers are working on a range of alternatives to fossil jet fuel. Recent test flights powered only by hydrogen or biofuels have been successful, but steep challenges remain before aviation can become carbon-free. By Christian Schwägerl Health Plastics Reckoning: PVC Is Ubiquitous, But Maybe Not for Long Used in everything from water pipes to vinyl records, PVC has long attracted criticism: a key ingredient is carcinogenic, and its additives include known endocrine disruptors. Now, the EPA is evaluating PVC’s safety, and an emerging global plastics treaty may limit its use. By Nicola Jones Cities How Parking Reform Is Helping Transform American Cities In cities across the U.S., planners are pushing to eliminate mandates requiring parking spaces in new buildings. The reforms — along with banning street parking or adding meters — help to reduce car dependency, create public and green spaces, and lower housing costs. By Henry Grabar CONSERVATION Rethinking Monarchs: Does the Beloved Butterfly Need Our Help? The Eastern monarch butterfly has long been thought to be in peril, but new studies indicate that its U.S. populations are not in decline. Scientists say the biggest threat the species faces is from well-meaning people who rear the butterflies at home and release them. By Janet Marinelli The Path to Clean Energy As Millions of Solar Panels Age Out, Recyclers Hope to Cash In Will Tech Breakthroughs Bring Fusion Energy Closer to Reality? For U.S. Companies, the Race for the New EV Battery Is On More Energy on Less Land: The Drive to Shrink Solar’s Footprint E360 Topics All Features → Climate Climate Rain Comes to the Arctic, With a Cascade of Troubling Changes TECHNOLOGY As Use of A.I. Soars, So Does the Energy and Water It Requires ANALYSIS Mind the Gaps: How the UN Climate Plan Fails to Follow the Science Energy Energy In Rush for Lithium, Miners Turn to the Oil Fields of Arkansas Energy How a Legal Loophole Allows Gas Leaks to Keep on Flowing Energy Natural Hydrogen: A Potential Clean Energy Source Beneath Our Feet Biodiversity Biodiversity How DNA from the Dead Is Helping Boost Species on the Brink CONSERVATION Rethinking Monarchs: Does the Beloved Butterfly Need Our Help? Biodiversity The Beleaguered Whitebark Pine Is in Trouble. Can It Be Saved? Oceans INTERVIEW Can We Mine the World’s Deep Ocean Without Destroying It? Oceans As Ocean Oxygen Levels Dip, Fish Face an Uncertain Future Oceans The East Coast Whale Die-Offs: Unraveling the Causes Food & Agriculture Food & Agriculture How a Solar Revolution in Farming Is Depleting World’s Groundwater Food & Agriculture After the Storm, Malawi’s Farmers Face a Precarious Future E360 Film Contest On the Mekong, Sand Mining Threatens the River and a Way of Life Solutions Solutions Flying Green: The Pursuit of Carbon-Neutral Aviation Revs Up Solutions ‘Green Roads’ Are Plowing Ahead, Buffering Drought and Floods INTERVIEW To Fight Plastic Waste, an Indonesian Campaign Aims High Cities INTERVIEW What Will It Take to Save Our Cities from a Scorching Future? Cities How Parking Reform Is Helping Transform American Cities Cities After a Decade of Planning, New York City Is Raising Its Shoreline Policy Health Plastics Reckoning: PVC Is Ubiquitous, But Maybe Not for Long Policy Shifting Political Winds Threaten Progress on Europe’s Green Goals INTERVIEW Why Native Women’s Voices Are Crucial to Saving Brazil’s Forests E360 About E360 Reprints Contact Support E360 Privacy Policy Submission Guidelines Newsletter Published at the Yale School of the Environment