Solo Build It! (SBI!) Reviews and Real Life Success Stories Follow us: Questions? Call 1-888-987-3669 or email Contact Us Buy Now! Toggle navigation Solo Build It! Logo SBI! SBI! for WP Blog Tour Tools Proof Questions? Buy Now What Is It? » Case Studies » Process » CTP Motor » Monetize » Tools » Compare » Certified Proof » Test Drive Solo Build It! (SBI!) Reviews and Case Studies The biggest mistake people make in life is not making a living at doing what they most enjoy. Malcolm S. Forbes (1919-1990) Solo Build It! (SBI!) is the only all-in-one, step-by-step system of process-and-software that delivers thriving online businesses. Everything that you need to grow an online business is built-in. SBI! works for every type of solopreneur. For example, are you thinking of starting an Internet-based, work-from-home business? SBI! is perfect, even if you have no online business experience. Website ≠ Business There are so many Web hosting and sitebuilder companies chasing your business... from the one-(wo)man-shop "local expert webmaster" to the largest multi-national companies. They all promise the instant gratification of "getting your site up." The only problem is that site does not equal business. Building a website is only one step in a much bigger process. While anyone can put up a website nowadays, it will never be easy to build a high-traffic, profitable business. That's where we come in. We make it doable. SBI! builds businesses, not just websites. The SBI! success rate is more than 100 times higher than that of the average would-be solopreneur (no typo!). This Page Is All About Long-Term Success We prove success in several ways. For example... 500 "Top 1%" Solopreneurs. These are "half-percenters," the highest-trafficked sites in the world. Out of 170 million active sites in the world, each of these 500 sites is in the Top 1 out of 200! No other company can show results like this. Real-Life Solopreneur Successes. These are more recent stories from the SiteSell Blog. We accompany them with valuable "takeaway lessons" that you can use in your own business, even if you don't use SBI!. No other business presents proof of success in so many different ways. Ours is a small community of solopreneurs with "BAM." The number of successes rivals that of web hosts/sitebuilders with more than a hundred times as many clients. This page is special in its own way — it's all about long-term success... We follow these solopreneurs for years. Some of the stories start as early as 2002-3. They send in periodic updates (sometimes setbacks, usually advances) over the years that pass. The point of this is to show the longevity of SBI! businesses. The reason that they thrive and grow is simple... The more complex the Internet (and online business) becomes, the more value SBI! adds. We update and boil the process and tools down to what folks need. That way, you can focus 100% on your business. This is an important part of the long-term SBI! advantage. Scan the page and find a success story or two that resonate for you. Read them completely — you'll understand how business-building with SBI! is a journey and what it could do for you... The destination is freedom through business ownership. The story is one of personal growth, each individual pushing to levels they would never have thought possible. Ready to take some long-term, multi-update, deep-dives? Let's get started... Important The people featured here receive no compensation of any kind from SiteSell. Their stories are true. They write and update their SBI! reviews as their way to share their experience with you. If you read all of these Case Studies, you'll notice one common thread... They all simply did it. They have "BAM" ("Brain - Attitude - Motivation"), the key ingredient that you must add to SBI!. "Brain" does not mean "brainy." It means they have, or developed, knowledge in a niche. "Attitude" means they are positive and resilient. "Motivation" means they want to build a business. They have an unshakeable vision of being in control, of being free. They happily sacrifice leisure activities to find the hours to "just do it." We point this out because we do not want to falsely raise your expectations. SBI! does not deliver "automatic success." Nothing can. But if you bring BAM to the table, we deliver the best chance of success in the world. Your degree of success depends on your own level of "BAM," upon how much time you devote to building your business, and upon following the SBI! Action Guide and its "C T P M" process (every successful SBIer will tell you, "Follow the Action Guide"). Cut Through Doubt and Noise These SBI! reviews of business progress are detailed recountings of individual experiences, each in their own words, in their own styles. As you review their SBI! experience, do more than read the words — read between the lines. Follow the updates. Feel the emotion they have for SBI!. It's the very rare product that creates the type of intensity you are about to experience. With that in mind, let's deep-dive into the long-term SBI! business lives of solopreneurs from around the globe — people who "took a chance" and then realized... Their world had changed. Case Study Menu Moms E-goods Travel Hard Goods/E-Commerce Sales Agents Local Businesses Service Businesses Featured Case Study Travel Sites Although Jill Loeffler liked her 6-figure job in San Francisco, she yearned for more freedom. She wanted to have her own business. But it had to be a business that would travel with her, as travel was her biggest passion. When she found SBI!, she knew this was the key to make her dream happen. Her journey to online business success wasn't without setbacks, but boy, it was so worth it. Not only did her business thrive in the highly competitive travel niche, the income enabled her to see new places, meet new people and buy a condo when she felt it was time to have a home base. "It all began in 2009. At the time, I was working a six-figure job in San Francisco. While the work was fun, I had been wanting to make a major lifestyle change for years. My dream was to start my own business. But it had to be a business that gave me the freedom to travel and set my own schedule." Find out how Jill quit her job, traveled the world andbuilt a profitable business along the way. Case Study: Work At Home Moms (WAHM) Crystal, a non-techie, turns her passion for cooking into a successful online business. It all started with some emails to friends about easy dinner ideas. Now this WAHM, with four teenage kids all in sports, loves how she can work whenever and wherever she wants. "While I loved my career when I was single, I found the stress of working long hours when I had small children was very taxing. I no longer feel stressed when one of my kids needs to stay home from school. I can take care of them and still work on my business. I wake up excited every morning. There is nothing like the sense of accomplishment that I feel when I learn something new or master a new skill." Read how Crystal has achieved a family-work balance that meets everyone's needs, especially her own! Case Studies: E-goods Creators/Sellers This bureaucrat turned to the Internet and SBI! for his "last shot at financial and career freedom." A ClickBank expert, Shaun uses SBI!'s C T P engine to drive ClickBank's sales of his e-books. Not only does his online business generate solid income for him, but it also builds up equity over time. Shaun has the freedom to either keep his business or sell it for a substantial sum and move on to new challenges. That's exactly what he has done, after 16+ years as online publisher and writing help expert. "When I started my first online writing help website with SBI! back in 2001 I had no idea what it would lead to. Not only did I end up with a network of writing-related high-traffic websites, I authored at least 15 to 20 how-to books/ebooks! Who knew!? It allowed me to earn a very good income entirely online for more than a decade. Then at the end of it all, came the silver lining! Everything I had created over the years had value for someone else who was willing to pay me a decent price for the results of all of my labors!" Find out how Shaun's "last shot" was just the beginning. "How hard can it be?" Gerhild Fulson thought when she volunteered to build a web presence for the ministry she and her husband had founded in Germany. She chose a recipe site as her "training ground." A few years into her webmaster career, a lightbulb went off in her head. Her recipe site had enough business potential to raise all necessary fundings for their ministry -- if she only treated it as a business. Once she switched her mindset from "building a website" to "building a business," profits started to soar. She redesigned and rebranded her web presence, grew a massive following on Facebook and Pinterest, added a store, and is now selling more digital cookbooks than ever before. She also started selling print-on-demand items, like T-shirts and mugs. "Most importantly, since I really do enjoy all that I do, I'm just going to keep on doing it, together with my hubby. With an online business, as long as there’s internet, there’s no telling where we'll go." "The alternative? Since I'll soon be 70 and hubby 80, should we be sitting in those proverbial rocking chairs? I think not." Read how Gerhild evolved from Web newbie to Influencer, all thanks to Solo Build It! and a change in mindset. Click here for more information on how SBI! is used to sell e-goods. Order SBI! Today Case Studies: Travel Sites The vast majority of offline small businesses still don't have a clue, let alone a website. If they do have a site, it's likely the proverbial "far away tree in that faraway forest." Does it even make a sound when it falls? Well, does a site even exist if it gets no traffic? Those "no-clue" businesses are opportunities for you. Become their joint venture "content partners." Refer traffic to them. Get paid on a pay-per-click or pay-per-lead basis. Or earn a referrer or finder's fee for finding a customer (or a "lead") for it. Or negotiate per-month advertising arrangements. "I now have a business that I can grow over the years. A business that is fun. I'll never do a 9 to 5. I'll always own my own life. That, more than money, more than learning about the Web, more than Anguilla-Beaches.com, more than learning how to write well, that is the most important thing I've learned from SBI!. Own your own life. If you don't, what's the point?" Here's how a 14-year old girl started her own business as a part-time hobby, and today generates thousands of dollars per month as a part-time business. What offline small businesses could you partner with? Real estate agents? Service businesses? They need you now. Click here for more information on how SBI! is used to generate substantial finder's fees. Living in what she calls the "Outback of the Australian Outback," a website seemed like a crazy idea to B. Bradkte. Internet access in her area is slow and unreliable. However, 15 months and 2 SBI! websites later, B. is happily self-employed, after quitting her soul-destroying day job. She writes about what she loves, and is free to roam the world with her laptop. "What can I say? Life has never been better. Freedom is something that can't be paid for. It's not that I work less, I probably work more than I ever did, but I do it on my own terms. It doesn't feel like work at all. I am confident that I will never have to work for others again unless I want to!" Click here for the story of how B. got what she wanted... a home in the Outback, and the freedom to travel. We all have favorite destinations, places we'd love to write about... Click here to read about renting villas in Tuscany. A teenage entrepreneur builds the #1 Anguilla site. More successful travel sites Click here for more information on how to build your own travel site/business. Case Studies: Hard Goods Sellers/E-Commerce Health concerns forced Louann to resign from a much-loved full-time position managing a florist shop and handling wedding contracts. But she wasn't financially ready to take early retirement. Flash forward and Louann is now the proud owner of a thriving e-commerce business where she teaches brides how to create their own wedding flowers and provides the supplies they need to accomplish that goal. Creative information + well-stocked store = one-stop shopping for brides! On top of that... A florist wholesaler was so impressed with her site's traffic and sales growth that he drop-ships Louann's orders, which means that she has access to a warehouse full of products that she doesn't have to spend a dime on until she sells them! "My first year in sales were over $12,000 and the following year I more than doubled it with over $32,000 in sales. I anticipate continued growth and have had great satisfaction in knowing that my business is growing by leaps and bounds." Read how Louann stepped outside of her comfort range to take control of her financial futureand build a profitable e-commerce business that's always open! An "offline entrepreneur," Richard is using his SBI! site to drive sales out of this world. Richard's product development went from the city dump in Ottawa, Canada to a licensing deal that distributes his unique, patented fence post stabilizer for wooden decks in stores throughout the United States. His theme-based content site allowed him, as Richard says, to seed the market, prove the concept and then create a buzz that now has people going into stores and demanding his product. "The website has allowed me to seed the market, prove the concept and create incredible buzz among the public who now go into stores demanding the product. This is how I was able to level the playing field and run around the big corporations to get my product to market." Richard credits personal tenacity, intense desire, and his websitefor sold-out inventory, global exposure, and licensing deals. Ashley combines a passion for comic books with a love of web business, and has created a web "auction" hero! Ashley publishes guides on prices of vintage comic books, and how-to's for people looking to dispose of their collections. People with a problem to solve (how to sell old comics) search for help on how much their books might be worth. His site also offers a free value appraisal service. Ashley then buys comic book collections from visitors who wish to sell, and breaks them up for resale on eBay and in offline auctions. He also makes a commission when people buy comic books from eBay after reading his articles. The eBay phenomenon has allowed "little guys" to become dealers in rare or vintage collectibles. With a ready market of millions to sell to, the problem for dealers is how to source items for their inventory. By helping people to help themselves downsize or dispose of unwanted vintage items, you can attract sellers without effort, and solve the problem of how to find great stuff to sell on eBay, or offline in a "real world" store. "I gave up full-time eBay selling years ago. It was simply too challenging to source great vintage toys. I spent far too much time chasing new collections. But by implementing the skills I learned from my other SBI! businesses, and combining the traffic my comic book site generates with my eBay selling skills, I've created a really fun and profitable business which is growing faster than a speeding bullet!" Read about Ashley's incredible journey. Click here for more information on how SBI! is used to sell products. Order SBI! Today Case Studies: Sales & Rental Agents/Reps/Distributors How do two Scots end up in warm, sun-kissed Tuscany, hobnobbing with Hollywood producers and visiting Salvatore Ferragamo? SBI!. That's how. Dreams do come true, if you dare them to be. And if you work to turn those dreams into reality. This story is a powerful demonstration of how themed content drives yet another monetization model... a rental agency. "If you'd told me 12 months ago that a couple of ex knitwear designers with very little experience of the web would now be running a successful web-based villa rental company I'd have found it hard to believe. If you then tried to convince me that their plans are now to run it from a poolside, looking out over the Tuscan hillside, sipping on a cocktail, I'd probably think the Tuscan sun had got to you!" Read how this deserving family runs their business from poolside, looking out over the Tuscan hillside. Case Studies: Local Businesses/Professions Judd Burdon went from "dead-end Canadian asphalt man to cutting edge, international digital man" in less than a year. His is a fascinating story, one that may even help take your local business to the world! Small local businesses are realizing the potential of the Web, not just to double or triple the size of your local business, but to take your business, in a different form, to the entire world. "So, here I am with the U.S. Armed Forces inquiring about my business from overseas — about my very own website that I had no clue how to build or even start 3 months earlier! I was able to reach the global market 24X7, rather than just the local market for my paving company that I was used to reaching in the past. I had left the manual-labor era and had become what Ken Evoy calls a digital worker... a knowledge worker who can reach the globe by using his brain." Read about Judd's incredible journey. Click here for more information about how SBI! is used to drive local businesses. The "bigger picture" of SBI! is the self-liberating empowerment. Own your own life by doing what you love, by owning your own business. What Makes These Folks (and Thousands Like Them) Winners? They... put themselves into SBI!'s hands trust and follow the Action Guide supply the Brain Attitude Motivation ("BAM!") tune out all the other Web marketing noise and focus on building their businesses. And soon, when they see a real business start to build, driven by targeted PREsold visitors (C T P) who Monetize... They start to realize that their worlds have indeed changed forever, all because they jumped into SBI! with both feet and ran with it. Try it and see for yourself... Take SBI! home for a "No Risk Test Drive" today. Order SBI! Today SBI! Explained — Want More SBI! Reviews? These really are everyday, regular people. Merely do what they did. Next step? Understand C T P M and why it works. Review the process. Already done that? Investigate the tools that help you execute the process flawlessly. Or choose another page (e.g., "proof"). You are now on What Is It? Case Studies (Click to choose another) The Process: C-T-P-M The CTP Motor Then "Monetize" The Tools: All You Need Compare SBI!: x vs. √ Certified Proof Test Drive SBI! Questions? Call us toll free - 1-888-987-3669. Or click here to email. © SiteSell Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy About SBI! Become a Solo Build It! Affiliate × Online Business Failing? Fix It or Drop It! The statistics on solopreneur success are dismal. SBI! increases your chances of success by more than 100x! The biggest dilemma of the failing solopreneur is figuring out whether to give up or not. No one wants to quit too soon. And no one wants to spend good time after bad. It's a tough problem. Here is the perfect solution... Use SBI!. Start from the very beginning of the process. "Pretend" to start over. Follow our "Action Guide" and use the tools to the 5th of 10 steps. You will be sure of which road to take... 🚫 Flawless research with objective tools uncovers fundamental errors that are either not fixable, or not worth fixing. This is almost always due to inadequate upfront preparation and research. Start over, this time using SBI!. ✅ You find fixable problems with your online business. Work your way through the rest of the Action Guide, making changes as needed. Your fortunes will turn. Bottom Line: If your online business is failing, either close this window and keep reading about SBI!, or try SBI! now, risk-free (or, if you use WordPress, read more about SBI! for WP). Close × Auto-Updating The Internet changes fasssst. Most changes are not relevant to doing business online, but many bloggers are quick to comment and to recommend changes. The noise is intense and it can cost you a lot of misspent time, and not just by trying to read it all. You can lose a ton of time when you follow poor or premature recommendations (especially if they turn out to hurt your business). Major new developments? We are as proud of being followers (when watchful waiting is the wise course) as we are to be first-to-market when we are 100% sure that something new is both important and will "stick" (e.g., first to update our site-building software to automatically create sitemap files). We'll provide a few more examples when you close this message, but the bottom line is this... SBI!'s driving mission is to enable you to succeed. It starts with the perfect all-in-one process/tools/guidance/help business-building solution. Its effectiveness is multiplied by enabling you to focus 100% of your time on your business, period. In practical terms... Process: You don't have to read the ton of new information on search, social, mobile, etc. We do that. We incorporate both the big changes and the occasional golden nugget, when we know that it will "stick."For example, "Growth Hacking" is now integrated into the Action Guide. Use it to reduce risk when starting up and to accelerate your business growth. Tools: You never have to update a plugin. Software updates just "happen" and everything works. New tools are added, once again on an "as needed" basis, at no extra cost, nothing for you to do. Guidance: Forum answers are reviewed. Bad information is "red-inked" as being advice not to follow. We don't censor opinion, but we do let you know when we believe advice is counter-productive. We'll also provide the correct course of action if someone else does not. In short, auto-updating delivers 100% business-focused efficiency. SBI! saves you hundreds of hours per year, time that you put into your business! Doing it right and staying focused are why SBIers succeed way more often than other solopreneurs. Close × SiteSell Inc. Intellectual Property Rights All SiteSell.com websites (text, swoosh, graphics, programming and scripting) and products are copyright 1999-2020 SiteSell Inc. SiteSell.com, SBI! for WP, Brainstorm It!, Tai, Shelly, Make Your Site Sell!, MYSS!, Make Your Knowledge Sell!, MYKS!, Make Your Price Sell!, MYPS!, Make Your Words Sell!, MYWS!, Site Build It!, Solo Build It!, SBI!, SBI! 2.0, SBI! 3.0, BlockBuilder 2, BB2, Make Your Net Auction Sell!, MYNAS!, Make Your Content PREsell!, MYCPS!, Make Your Links Work!, MYLW!, 5 Pillar Affiliate Program, SiteSell Affiliate Program, SiteSell Professionals, SiteSell Services, SBI! Coaching, and SiteSell Education are trademarks or trade names of SiteSell Inc. All rights reserved. Close × The 90 Day "Confidence of Success" Guarantee:Try SBI! First, Make Your Final Decision Later Ken Evoy, CEO & Founder SiteSell Inc. No product is perfect for everyone. I only want you to use SBI! if it's right for you. You likely feel the same. If you're like me, you tend to delay important decisions because you're not 100% sure. Have you noticed how you only truly become 100% sure after you purchase and use a product? At SiteSell, we not only recognize this, we encourage it! We want you to take full advantage of the 90 Day Guarantee! Use it as your free Confidence of Success trial. Purchase SBI! and make a final decision after putting it to the test... Try it. Simply follow the Action Guide. Pick the perfect niche and register your domain name. Build your business with the right process and tools. Enjoy the rewards... growing profits and equity. If you decide it's not for you, simply tell us. We Will Refund You Immediately! No strings. Better, actually... You can keep the domain name that you register at our expense. It's our thank you for permitting us to introduce SBI! to you. No time limits on the annual subscription! Ask for your money back anytime... SiteSell will refund you 100% within the first 90 days of purchase of your annual subscription, and on a pro-rata basis after that. What about the monthly subscription? Ask for your money back within the first 90 days of your initial monthly purchase... SiteSell will refund you 100% (up to 3 months!). There Is Literally Zero Fine Print! No ifs, ands or buts. There is no "fine print." You can be 100% absolutely, positively sure that we will honor this guarantee. Since 1997, SiteSell has built a rock-solid reputation of honesty, quality and service. We work with individuals of all ages (over 30,000 customers!), institutes of higher learning, existing businesses of all sizes, and vendors who all know that we mean every word we say. This guarantee is no exception. If you ever feel that we haven't lived up to this promise and guarantee, report it to us on the Solo Build It! Facebook page in front of our hundreds of thousands of fans and happy customers. The Bottom Line? Try SBI! for 90 days. If it isn't right for you, let us know. We will immediately honor your refund request, no questions asked. Close × Definition: Solopreneur Solopreneur: An entrepreneur who works alone, “solo,” running a business single-handedly. S/he might hire contractors on a project-by-project basis, but retains full responsibility for the running of the business. – Urban Dictionary You are a "solopreneur" if you want to start an online business on your own. What distinguishes solopreneurs from entrepreneurs? Entrepreneurs typically have a grandiose vision and bigger goals. Solopreneurs value freedom, control and work-life balance. As a solopreneur, you do not want the bother of managing people or being responsible to investors. Of course, being "solo" limits the amount of time for growing the business, which in turn limits size and income. You happily accept that tradeoff. How does a solopreneur grow into an entrepreneur? Strong levels of solo success may inspire visions of greater growth. That requires the addition of staff. This is an affordable option for solopreneurs who generate $60,000-$200,000+ of net income. Self-funding from cash flow eliminates the need for (and responsibility to) investors... You still hire contractors, as needed. But now you add part-or-full-time employees, in stages (as growing income allows). Even with an employee or two, you may still consider yourself to be a solopreneur. Solopreneurs become entrepreneurs when they "snap" into a "grow a BIG business" mindset. Few choose to do so, but it is a viable option for the solopreneur who discovers "the entrepreneur within." Close