EE World Online - Electrical Engineering News and Products Continue to Site Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerElectrical Engineering News and ProductsElectronics Engineering Resources, Articles, Forums, Tear Down Videos and Technical Electronics How-To's Search this website Products / Components Analog ICs Battery Power Connectors Microcontrollers Power Electronics Sensors Test and Measurement Wire / Cable Applications 5G Automotive/Transportation EV Engineering Industrial IoT Medical Telecommunications Wearables Wireless Learn eBooks / Tech Tips EE Training Days FAQs Learning Center Webinars & Digital Events Resources Design Guide Library Digital Issues Engineering Diversity & Inclusion LEAP Awards Podcasts White Papers DesignFast Videos EE Videos and Interviews Teardown Videos EE Forums EDABoard.com Electro-Tech-Online.com Subscribe APEC 2024 Main Content How does the open domain-specific architecture relate to chiplets and generative AI? How do heterogeneous integration and chiplets support generative AI? 6G could add sensing to cellular networks What quantum sensors can be used as GPS replacements? How to raise awareness for the necessity of carbon monoxide sensors FROM THE EDITORS Aimee Kalnoskas 500 V power inductors are AEC-Q200-qualified Martin Rowe 6G could add sensing to cellular networks Emma Lutjen Socket for optoelectronic module Bill Schweber Passive RFID finds unanticipated mass-market applications: part 2 Jeff Shepard How does the open domain-specific architecture relate to chiplets and generative AI? Rick Nelson Why does the Fourier Transform provide apparently inaccurate results, and what can I do about it? Part 1 Kenneth Wyatt TinySA Ultra: A low-cost spectrum analyzer that fits in your pocket Rakesh Kumar, PhD What does a digital twin mean for a BMS? Aharon Etengoff What are the different types of circuit simulation? < > Martin Rowe’s Videos GPS at 50: Now what?February 12, 2024 By Martin Rowe EE World interviewed Microchip’s David Chandler and Duke Buckner on the status and future of GPS, a technology we rely on for location tracking and network timing. Ethernet isn’t the only ubiquitous technology invented in 1973. GPS, the network of … [Read More...] about GPS at 50: Now what?More Posts from this Category Today on EE World How does the open domain-specific architecture relate to chiplets and generative AI? Connectors Enabling the Evolution of AR/VR/MR Devices How do heterogeneous integration and chiplets support generative AI? 6G could add sensing to cellular networks What quantum sensors can be used as GPS replacements? How to raise awareness for the necessity of carbon monoxide sensors Passive RFID finds unanticipated mass-market applications: part 2 FAQs How does the open domain-specific architecture relate to chiplets and generative AI?The Open Domain-Specific Architecture (ODSA) is a project within the Open Compute Project (OCP) community to establish open physical and logical die-to-die (D2D) interfaces for chiplets. The … Read about How does the open domain-specific architecture relate to chiplets and generative AI?How do heterogeneous integration and chiplets support generative AI?Chiplets are here, and more are coming. They can overcome the yield limitations of large ASICs, support a mix-and-match strategy for heterogeneous semiconductor IPs and multiple process nodes, … Read about How do heterogeneous integration and chiplets support generative AI?6G could add sensing to cellular networksIntegrated communications and sensing at mmWave and sub-THz frequencies could add location detection that helps avoid accidents among pedestrians, bicycles, and vehicles. With the 5G … Read about 6G could add sensing to cellular networksWhat quantum sensors can be used as GPS replacements?There’s a variety of quantum sensors available for use as a global positioning system (GPS) replacement including quantum compasses, atomic gyroscopes, and atom interferometers. Several options … Read about What quantum sensors can be used as GPS replacements?More FAQs Focus on Analog ICs Passive RFID finds unanticipated mass-market applications: part 2Passive RFID tags have been widely adopted, and some applications show creative adaptation to unmet needs. While many uses for passive RFID tags were predicted and expected, innovators implemented … [Read More...] about Passive RFID finds unanticipated mass-market applications: part 2Passive RFID finds unanticipated mass-market applications: part 1Passive RFID tags have been widely adopted, and some applications show creative adaptation to unmet needs. It’s interesting to see how advances in technology often are adapted to applications that … [Read More...] about Passive RFID finds unanticipated mass-market applications: part 1More Analog IC News Focus on Microcontrollers How does the open domain-specific architecture relate to chiplets and generative AI?The Open Domain-Specific Architecture (ODSA) is a project within the Open Compute Project (OCP) community to establish open physical and logical die-to-die (D2D) interfaces for chiplets. The goal is … [Read More...] about How does the open domain-specific architecture relate to chiplets and generative AI?How do heterogeneous integration and chiplets support generative AI?Chiplets are here, and more are coming. They can overcome the yield limitations of large ASICs, support a mix-and-match strategy for heterogeneous semiconductor IPs and multiple process nodes, improve … [Read More...] about How do heterogeneous integration and chiplets support generative AI?More Microcontroller News Focus on Power Electronics 650 V GaN power transistors set to boost 80+ Titanium Plus PSU efficiency standardsInnoscience announced new, low RDS(on), high-power devices in its ever-broadening family of 650V/700V enhancement-mode power transistors. New 30, 50, and 70mΩ RON parts are available in the industry-standard TOLL (TO-Leadless) package. The 70mΩ part … [Read More...] about 650 V GaN power transistors set to boost 80+ Titanium Plus PSU efficiency standards700 V GaN HEMT IC family offers enhanced efficiency, design simplicity for USB-PD designsInnoscience announced a family of four new integrated devices that combine power GaN HEMT, driver, current sense, and other functions within a single, industry-standard QFN 6x8mm package. The 700V ISG610x SolidGaN devices cover the range from 140mΩ … [Read More...] about 700 V GaN HEMT IC family offers enhanced efficiency, design simplicity for USB-PD designsMore Power Electronics News Focus on 5G 6G could add sensing to cellular networksIntegrated communications and sensing at mmWave and sub-THz frequencies could add location detection that helps avoid accidents among pedestrians, bicycles, and vehicles. With the 5G commercial rollout well underway, users can now use its … [Read More...] about 6G could add sensing to cellular networksResearchers develop frequency-selective surfacesThe growing number of devices connected to wireless networks has highlighted the need for innovative solutions to ensure seamless connections. Now, researchers from Nagoya Institute of Technology have introduced a metasurface that can distinguish … [Read More...] about Researchers develop frequency-selective surfacesMore 5G news Focus on Test & Measurement 5G RF, radio tester cuts bench and production floor footprintRohde & Schwarz has developed two additions for its R&S TS8980 family: the R&S TS8980S-4A and the RS TS8980FTA-3A. Keysight, Intel certify EM simulation for 18A process technologyKeysight Technologies, Inc. announces that the RFPro electromagnetic (EM) simulation software, part of the Keysight EDA Advanced Design System (ADS) integrated tool suite, is now certified by Intel Foundry for design engineers targeting Intel 18A process technology. The new EM simulation capability, together with process design kits (PDKs) for the Intel 18A circuit and physical designs, enables radio frequency integrated circuit (RFIC) […] More Posts from this Category Embedded Systems High-speed, low-power embedded processor technology helps advance vision AIRenesas Electronics Corporation announced the development of embedded processor technology that enables higher speeds and lower power consumption in microprocessor units (MPUs) that realize advanced vision AI. The newly developed technologies are as … [Read More...] about High-speed, low-power embedded processor technology helps advance vision AIEmbedded development tool sharpens UI designMikroElektronika has unveiled v6.0 of NECTO Studio, the company’s complete, cross-platform integrated development environment (IDE) for embedded applications. The latest version has six new major features including: an enhanced graphics library with … [Read More...] about Embedded development tool sharpens UI designMore Embedded Systems News Podcasts Tescan’s UniTOM HR is focus of Episode 9 of R&D 100 – The PodcastR&D World editors Paul Heney and Aimee Kalnoskas are back, and this time they’re talking about a lot of news, in addition to the technology of the day. First, they delve into some important updates about the R&D 100 Awards for 2023 — and then dip their toes into the strange new world of AI […] More Podcasts Primary SidebarSearch this website EE Learning Center BROWSE CLASSROOMS SINGLE-PAIR ETHERNET & INDUCTORS CIRCUIT PROTECTION Connectors: HVAC Transformers II Programmable Power Browse Design Guides USB-Based Oscilloscopes Linear Position Sensors Lithium Batteries Connectors 5G Connectivity Bluetooth & Connectivity WiFi & the IOT Relays EE Engineering Training Days EXPAND YOUR KNOWLEDGE AND STAY CONNECTED Get the latest info on technologies, tools and strategies for EE professionals. GET THE ENEWSLETTER R&D World Podcasts R&D 100 Episode 10 See More > Current Digital Issue February 2024 Issue: Power Electronics Handbook Cold starts, hot power markets, and great expectations Recent cold spells across the United States have shifted the focus from “range anxiety” in electric vehicles (EVs) to concerns about their performance in cold…how they start, and how far they can go. Buzzworthy? Apparently. Newsworthy? Maybe, but it’s not new news. Reflecting on a youthful […] Digital Edition Back Issues Sponsored Content Connectors Enabling the Evolution of AR/VR/MR DevicesAward-Winning Thermal Management for 5G DesignsMaking Rugged and Reliable ConnectionsOmron’s systematic approach to a better PCB connectorLooking for an Excellent Resource on RF & Microwave Power Measurements? Read This eBookElectro Static Discharge impact on LEDs can be more serious than you seeMore Sponsored Content >> Current EDABoard.com discussions Delaying Sample and Hold by one Clock cycleAttaching a symmetrical stripline to coaxial connectorPowering battery charger moduleBook Recommendations for Electronic Product Design Best PracticesX band RF resistor for stub isolation Current Electro-Tech-Online.com Discussions Kinergetic Subwoofer Circuit AnalysisIssue with Interfacing LCD with PIC16F877AUnsure of project efficiency need guidanceSwitching cob ledsAdd GPS/PARSE to 8xSERVO-MOTOR CODE in Oshonsoft Search Millions of Parts from Thousands of Suppliers.Search Now! Footer EE WORLD ONLINE NETWORK 5G Technology WorldAnalog IC TipsBattery Power TipsConnector TipsDesignFastEDABoard ForumsElectro-Tech-Online ForumsEngineer's GarageEV EngineeringMicrocontroller TipsPower Electronic TipsSensor TipsTest and Measurement Tips EE WORLD ONLINE Subscribe to our newsletterTeardown VideosAdvertise with usContact usAbout Us Copyright © 2024 · WTWH Media LLC and its licensors. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of WTWH Media. Privacy Policy