Drexel Home Skip to main content Menu Search Coronavirus Response News Events Make A Gift Search Search: Close Search: Academics & Cooperative Education Academics & Cooperative Education Undergraduate Programs Graduate & Professional Degree Programs Online Programs Colleges & Schools Cooperative Education Global Perspective Pre-College Programs Libraries Steinbright Career Development Center Academic Services & Advising Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Online Degree Programs Military & Veteran Students The Cabrini-Drexel Pathway Financial Aid & Affordability Apply Visits, Events, & Virtual Tours Contact Us Life at Drexel Life at Drexel Activities & Student Organizations Diversity & Inclusion Arts & Culture Athletics & Recreation University Housing & Dining Living in Philadelphia Health & Well-Being Campus Safety Community Service Student Stories Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Institutes & Initiatives Innovation & Entrepreneurship Industry Engagement Global Partnerships About About Civic Engagement History Leadership Outcomes & Value Rankings & Achievements Strategic Plan Economic Impact Locations Coronavirus Response News Events Make A Gift Info For: Students Families Alumni Faculty & Professional Staff Drexel University Located in the heart of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Drexel University is a world-class comprehensive R1 research institution and a global leader in experiential education. "i know the world is going to change, and therefore, the university must change with it." — Anthony J. Drexel, Founder Drexel University Releases 2023 President's Report on Powerful Partnerships This year’s report celebrates the myriad collaborations, which have helped to power the University’s accomplishments on many fronts: rankings, student retention, reputation, research investments, and new alliances to secure our future as a thriving, innovative and civically engaged teaching and research institution. Drexel Helps Promote Philadelphia as a Premier Destination for Global Education Drexel Joins U.S. Department of Commerce’s AI Safety Consortium Q&A: Dawn Medley on How Drexel is Tackling the FAFSA Delay In The News Quote-gradient "Universities can be a bridge to emergency response agencies by helping map the communities at greatest risk, contributing to land-use planning, establishing strong risk communication systems, and convening residents to identify critical needs and solutions." —Mathy Vathanaraj Stanislaus, vice provost and executive director, Drexel Environmental Collaboratory Four Ways Pa. Can Prepare for Climate Change View All NEWS Submit Your Application Today! Drexel is currently accepting Transfer and Graduate applications. Apply Today Open Houses Join us for Drexel’s College Prep Day on Saturday, March 2 or our University-wide Graduate Open House on Saturday, March 16. Admitted Undergraduate Student Events New Dragons, join us for one of our admitted student events and get a firsthand experience of life at Drexel. Drexel Commitment: 2024 Through the Drexel Commitment: 2024, the University is guaranteeing the total award estimate provided to prospective first-year students in their financial aid packages from Drexel, allowing them to make informed decisions regarding their college decision without having to wait for official FAFSA data results. In order to take advantage of the Drexel Commitment: 2024, students must file both the CSS Profile and the FAFSA by March 1. 97% of undergraduate Drexel graduates are working or enrolled in graduate or professional education 94% of undergraduate Drexel graduates working full-time are satisfied with their position Drexel’s unique model of learning is one that yields extraordinary results for our students and prepares them to immediately succeed in their careers. Learn more Top 50 U.S. News and World Report National University Rankings (Private Institutions), 2023 Top 60 Wall Street Journal/College Pulse Rankings 2024 Best Colleges in the U.S. Top 3% Georgetown University's Center on Education and the Workforce Lifetime Earnings, 2020 Where Academics Meet the Real World Drexel’s dynamic model promotes student success by combining cutting-edge, adaptive curricula with engaging and immersive learning experiences — including our renowned cooperative education program and community-based learning opportunities — putting students on the front lines of innovation alongside the visionaries shaping the future of their fields and inspiring a renewed sense of civic responsibility. Academics & Co-op Career Development global perspectives Preparing for a Changing World: The Future of Work Drexel Co-op allows students to gain up to 18 months of résumé-enhancing experience by exploring up to three different co-ops and test-driving career options all by the time they graduate. And when they return to the classroom, they are able to make an impact on instruction as they share their new industry insights with all those around them. Learn more about Drexel Co-op → 47% of co-op participants working full-time had received a job offer from a former co-op employer Quote-gradient Once I went on co-op, I was able to connect concepts that we learned in class with real-life examples. — Mariah Menanno, Public Health A Place Where Dragons Soar Recognizing the strength of an equity-driven culture united under the guiding principles of diversity, inclusion, and mutual respect, Drexel Dragons develop lifelong friendships and build strong bonds with their surrounding community as they explore everything the University, and the great city of Philadelphia, has to offer. Experience Student Life Living in Philadelphia Learn more about why Drexel Dragons love to call this city home. Activities and Student Organizations With over 300 student clubs and organizations, you're bound to find something that matches your interests. Cheer On Our Dragons — Or Play Alongside Them Each year, over 7,000 students, faculty, and staff compete on Division I, club, and intramural levels. Events March 5, 2024 12:00 — 1:00 PM Cultivating Mindfulness and Presenece Throughout the Day (15 Wellness Points)* On Zoom; register in Career Pathway to receive the Zoom Link March 5, 2024 4:00 — 5:00 PM Sprintax Nonresident Tax Webinar Virtual (Provided by Sprintax) March 5, 2024 4:00 — 5:00 PM 2024 DEGS Pre-Conference Workshop: How to Write an Effective Abstract Virtual via Zoom (Registration Required) March 6, 2024 9:00 AM — 12:00 PM Leading Across Differences Webinar View All Events Discovering — and Designing — the Future As one of the nation’s leading R1 research institutions, Drexel is focused on not only developing groundbreaking concepts and ideas, but also on discovering new ways to apply interdisciplinary thinking and collaborate with global partners to deliver impactful solutions that address the problems of tomorrow. Drexel Solutions Institute Exel: Drexel Research Magazine drexel university strategic plan Research & Innovation Research and Innovation Drexel is a comprehensive global R1-level research university ranked among the top 100 in the nation. Learn more about research opportunities at Drexel University today! Global Impact Institutes and Initiatives Drexel serves as a global leader working to address the issues of our times, such as the study and development of advanced climate and sustainability measures. Experience What Education Can Be Drexel Dragons participate in a unique model of experiential education that challenges the limits of what we can achieve. By infusing academics with the power of real experience working alongside expert faculty and professionals, our students are following their ambition to tackle today’s most complex issues and turn aspirations into reality. Experience education Website Now Playing Because advocacy can’t wait. Thomas R. Kline School of Law Professor Wendy Greene has co-crafted C.R.O.W.N. Acts and other legal reforms to fight grooming discrimination. Wendy has devoted her professional life’s work to advancing, racial, color, and gender equality in workplaces and beyond. Her “Free The Hair” campaign has attracted global awareness of this important conversation — and is helping to forge a new path for generations to come. Because advocacy can’t wait. Now Playing Forever a Drexel Dragon Drexel Alumn Achille Vallorani illustrates how his experiential education prepared him for success, spanning from his original co-op to his service in World War II, his career, and much more. He is a forever dragon. Now Playing Because heroes can’t wait. Drexel University's College of Nursing and Health Professions Disaster Simulation program presents students with an emergency situation and requires them to respond in real-time. Our Dragons are practicing how they will meet the next challenge in this ever-changing world before it even happens. Because heroes can’t wait. Connect Get Started Close Info For: Students Families Alumni Faculty & Professional Staff Request Info Apply Visit Make a Gift Drexel University 3141 Chestnut Street Philadelphia, PA 19104 View on Map 215.895.2000 Emergency Contact Press Careers Info For: Students Families Alumni Faculty & Professional Staff Follow Drexel Copyright © 2024 Drexel University. All rights reserved. Privacy & Legal Follow Drexel Copyright © 2024 Drexel University. All rights reserved. Privacy & Legal