Home - National Alliance to End Homelessness Homelessness in America What Causes Homelessness? Who Experiences Homelessness? Homelessness Statistics Ending Homelessness Solutions Policy What We Do Resources Data & Graphics Publications Toolkits & Training Materials Videos Training Online Training Request Technical Assistance Take Action Donate Give Once Give Monthly Other Ways to Give Your Impact Blog Who We Are Media Contact Events DONATE NOW Skip to content Blog Who We Are Media Contact Events Homelessness in America What Causes Homelessness? Who Experiences Homelessness? Homelessness Statistics Ending Homelessness Solutions Policy What We Do Resources Data & Graphics Publications Toolkits & Training Materials Videos Training Online Training Request Technical Assistance Take Action Donate Give Once Give Monthly Other Ways to Give Your Impact What Communities Need to Know About the Criminalization of Homelessness A ruthless effort to criminalize homelessness is gaining traction in state legislatures across the country. Learn More The State of Homelessness: 2023 Edition This report provides a comprehensive analysis of homelessness in the U.S. in 2022 and reveals rising trends, disparities based on race, ethnicity, and gender, and the challenges faced in providing shelter and assistance to those in need. View the Data Take Action to End Homelessness Tell Congress to support legislation that would fund critical homeless assistance programs. Advocate Now Make Racial Equity a Priority Evaluate your system to ensure equity and prevent racial disparities in outcomes using the Alliance's tools and resources. View All Resources Our Mission The National Alliance to End Homelessness is a nonpartisan organization committed to preventing and ending homelessness in the United States. Working in Homeless Services: A Survey of the Field The following report summarizes key findings from a 2023 survey of homeless service workers. read more Featured Resource view Racial Equity Resources Rapid Re-Housing Toolkit New Estimates Suggest that $4.8 Billion is Needed to Bring Homeless Services Salaries into the Modern Era Resources view all 3/4 - 3/6 2024 Innovations and Solutions for Ending Unsheltered Homelessness (3 Plenary Zoom Links inside) 3/21 Housing Problem-Solving: From Diversion to Rapid Exit and Beyond Upcoming Events and Webinars view all Innovations, Solutions, and What We Can Learn in San Francisco read More Blog view all SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES I want weekly tools, resources, and news about homelessness Newsletters I want weekly tools, resources, and news about homelessness National Alliance to End Homelessness 1518 K Street NW, 2nd Floor, Washington, DC 20005 Privacy Policy T: 202.638.1526 | F: 202.638.4664 All content © 2024 | All rights reserved. Registered 501 (c)(3). EIN: 52-1299641 How to Get Help If You Are Experiencing Homelessness The National Alliance to End Homelessness does not provide direct services such as housing or case management. If you are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless, please contact your local 2-1-1 hotline or learn about other resources on our How to Get Help page. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsRead MoreACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT Help End Homelessness 365 Days a Year Changemakers is a passionate community of monthly donors on a mission to make sure everyone has access to permanent, safe, and affordable housing. Through monthly donations of all sizes, people like you are helping to create sustainable solutions to end homelessness. Donate Monthly Today Learn More × Take Action We need your help. Please sign on to receive advocacy alerts so that you can take action against harmful proposals seeking to criminalize homelessness. Your support will help us build a national network of advocates against these bills. Sign Up for Criminalization Action Alerts Learn More About the Issue × Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility