Three Bears Home Staging® | Advice, DIY Tips, Design Inspiration Skip to content Three Bears Home Staging® Your Online Resource for "Just Right" Home Staging Tips and Advice Menu + × expanded collapsed Home Services Freebies Courses Blog Templates Books Shop Contact About Us My Account Cart + × expanded collapsed $0.00 0 items Search for:Search Button Home Three Bears Home Staging® Your online resource for home staging advice, DIY tips, & design inspiration that’s “just right!” Search For Homeowners For Realtors We believe home staging should be accessible to everyone. Whether you live in a tiny condo or a big mansion, you deserve to get every dime of hidden equity from your home. And it doesn’t have to cost a fortune. We can teach you how to prepare your home for a faster, more profitable sale. At Three Bears Home Staging, we take a practical, positive approach to home staging. How do we do this? By empowering homeowners with the information they need to implement changes themselves (often using items they already have)! And the help doesn’t stop there! Three Bears Home Staging also offers paint color consultations, online courses, beautiful marketing templates for home stagers and real estate agents, books, and TONS of freebies. Keep scrolling or click below to learn more! Services & Pricing We specialize in positive, empowering virtual consultations, with practical advice to help homeowners sell faster & more profitably. Book Now Get a paint color report & guidance that’s customized for you and your home. Order report Are you a DIYer? Enroll in one of our self-paced, online courses! View Courses Our instant download Canva templates help realtors and home stagers market their brands! Browse Templates “Our online consultation was so helpful in preparing us to sell our home. We really felt like we could list our house in a competitive market after our staging consultation with Vannessa at Three Bears Home Staging. Within a couple of days, we received multiple offers at asking price! The online consultation option… was super convenient for our busy schedules- 10/10 recommend when it comes time to sell!” Destinee K., Houston, TX Read client Reviews Order on Amazon! Let’s Be Social Facebook Instagram TikTok Pinterest Linkedin YouTube Houzz Links • Affiliate Disclosure • Privacy Policy • Term & Conditions • FAQ Get Updates! Join Our E-Mail List Join our list to receive home decor tips & techniques via our monthly newsletter! Use the unsubscribe link in those emails to opt out at any time. Processing… Success! You're on the list. Whoops! There was an error and we couldn't process your subscription. Please reload the page and try again. © 2013 – 2024 Three Bears Home Staging. All Rights Reserved. Three Bears Home Staging®, Privacy Policy