The United Methodist Church Who We Are How We Serve Ways We Grow News and More New to the UMC? Donate What We Believe UMC Topics How We Serve Mission and Ministry Promoting Health & Wholeness Advocating for Justice Social Issues UMC Giving Ways We Grow Worship and Devotion Find-A-Church UM Now Subscribe Spiritual Life Resources for Leaders Who We Are What We Believe Ask The UMC-FAQs Our History Our People Our Structure Glossary News and More Latest News Press Center Calendar Directory New to the UMC? Compass Podcasts Topics Ways to Connect Generación In Between Donate Your Gift Will Make A Difference Region/Language Global EN English FR Français DE Deutsch KO 한국어 PT Português RU Русский ES Español Directory Calendar Find-A-Church Find-a-Job Ask the UMC RESOURCEUMC.org UMNEWS My Portal Back Navigation Menu Search Sponsored We are The United Methodist Church Grace-filled Led to a life of holiness, love and service Learn more Share What we believe Lent & Easter Grace-filled The Wesleyan Concept of Grace How we serve Advocating for Justice Respond & Give UMCOR: Global & US disaster relief Beyond words: Experiencing Holy Week through art Interpreting Holy Week through art helped a group of United Methodists in North Carolina experience Christ's crucifixion-- and their own faith -- in new ways. WATCH & SHARE Subscription & Podcast United Methodist Now Find inspiration for daily living. Twice each month, our e-newsletter offers examples of Christian living, messages of hope, and information on what it means to be a United Methodist. Subscribe Thin places are described as spaces where the distance between the natural world and spiritual world diminishes, sacred spaces in our own lives where we can encounter God in a real and near way. Learn more. LISTEN MORE EPISODES Sponsored Have questions? We have answers! Find responses to frequently asked queries or Ask The UMC your question. Ask The UMC Your Impact YOU make a difference As followers of Jesus Christ, we are called to respond with extravagant grace. Through our gifts to UMCOR, we are able to make a difference where communities and lives have been upset by storms, wars, fires, displacement and climate change. The UMCOR Sunday special offering allows us to keep the promise that 100% of any gift to a specific UMCOR project will go toward that project, not administrative costs. Visit UMC.org/SSGiveto continue to partner with God in ministry. LEARN MORE Donate Featured stories View More Lent Beyond fasting: 10 tips for a more meaningful Lent Women's History Month Timeline of Women in Methodism Rethink Church 5 books to guide your spiritual journey J. Wesley's Death Anniversary What we can learn from the words on John Wesley's tomb Our people Airport exhibit spotlights Indigenous heritage God's love in action Bilingual hybrid Bible study connects community Who we are Women's History Month Share your story #BeUMC Support & resources Committed to The UMC Sponsored The Recap | Episode 14 Gain a better understanding of what is going on in The United Methodist Church, find inspiration in stories of ministry and learn how our denomination is transforming the world. In this episode Native American art exhibit in the Atlanta airport | Healing conventions in Zimbabwe | 2023 in photos: A year in the life of United Methodism | #BeUMC WATCH & SHARE Sponsored UMNEWS.ORG Visit UMNEWS.ORG Generosity Fresh expressions needed in funding, too Ways we grow New discipleship program kicks off in Philippines How we serve Church’s free music lessons transform the community Sponsored Back to top The mission of the church is to make disciples of Jesus Christ for the transformation of the world. Who We Are What We Believe Ask The UMC-FAQs Our History Our People Our Structure Glossary How We Serve Mission and Ministry Promoting Health & Wholeness Advocating for Justice Social Issues UMC Giving Ways We Grow Worship and Devotion Find-A-Church UM Now Subscribe Spiritual Life Resources for Leaders News and More Latest News Press Center Calendar Directory New to the UMC? Compass Podcasts Topics Ways to Connect Generación In Between Donate Your Gift Will Make A Difference Directory Calendar Find-A-Church Find-a-Job Ask the UMC RESOURCEUMC.org UMNEWS Follow Jobs Advertising Legal Privacy United Methodist Communications is an agency of The United Methodist Church ©2024 United Methodist Communications. All Rights Reserved