Lose weight & improve your health with a real food diet | Fooducate Try Fooducate PRO Free Browse Recipes Blog Your Health JourneyStarts Here Improve your health by creating good habits & eating more mindfully with Fooducate. Get Started Learn More Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play As Featured In How It Works Stay On Track Add your meals & snacks, water intake, and exercise to reach your goals Get food Smart Food Grades reveal the quality of the calories you consume Scan for success Track foods quickly & easily with the scanner Get the details View macronutrients—carbs, protein & fat to maintain a balanced diet Personalize your diet Choose from options like low-carb, vegan, paleo, keto diets & more Stay health-conscious Find dietary recommendations for diabetes, high cholesterol, heart conditions & more Want even more? Upgrade to PRO and reach your diet & health goals faster. Get a 3 Day Free Trial Stay Motivated Join a supportive community Share your personal health journey & find inspiration from others along the way Love the food you eat Discover thousands of delicious new recipes & share your personal favorites Join a supportive community Find nutrition insights, fitness tips, heath & fitness podcasts to support you along your journey Fooducate Stories I was never able to lose weight before. Thanks to Fooducate, I've lost 20 lbs in 6 months. An incredible, life changing app. Janice I love how this app doesn't just track calories, because that's not all that matters. It shows every nutrition aspect and info about ingredients in that item. Brittany I work as a health educator and I recommend Fooducate to all my patients. Cristina I lost 40 pounds with Fooducate. It keeps me accountable and aware! K.G. I love the scanning feature. I love being able to decide which food to choose at the store. Too unhealthy? There's an alternative! Diana Get Healthy, Live Happy 4.6 Stars 73k review Average rating Best Health App of the Year On iOS 8 Millon downloads Across Platforms Try Fooducate PRO for free Try Now Get the App Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play Connect Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Community Diet Tips Help Support & FAQ Accessibility High Contrast LEGAL & PRIVACY Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Manage Cookies Copyright © Maple Media LLC, All rights reserved by Maple Media. All marks, brands and names belong to the respective companies and manufacturers and are used solely to identify the companies and products. As an Amazon Associate Maple Media earns from qualifying purchases. Track on the go with the Fooducate app Scan the QR code with your device to download Fooducate to your device, free! Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play View Fooducate In... Fooducate Open Safari Continue Review your email Please confirm or update to your current email address. Maple Media may use and disclose your email address with our advertising partners to personalize content and deliver targeted advertisements, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and their respective waivers. You may opt-out at any time by visiting our Privacy Center. -->