University of the Arts London Skip to main content Subjects Courses Colleges and Institutes Accessibility setting Accessibility tools English Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) French Italian Japanese Korean Portuguese Russian Spanish Thai Search Search Menu Subjects Courses Colleges and Institutes Accessibility tools English English Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) French Italian Japanese Korean Portuguese Russian Spanish Thai Study at UAL Students Alumni and friends About UAL Knowledge Exchange Research Stories What's on People Educational and global partnerships We are University of the Arts London University of the Arts London Caption Survey Season | Campaign design direction: Brand and Creative Services, UAL. 2024 Survey Season 2024 Undergraduate study Postgraduate study Our prospectus Discovery webinars and open events UAL Showcase Search form Caption Models by Jaz Martell, photographed by Alys Tomlinson UAL is "the world’s biggest factory for making trouble" (Grayson Perry, UAL Chancellor). We are 1 university, made up of 6 Colleges and 19,000+ students from everywhere. And we are top 2 in the world for Art and Design (QS World University Rankings 2023). Come and join the creators and innovators of tomorrow. Discover our prospectus Arrow Right Order your copy of our Pre-degree and Undergraduate Prospectus or Postgraduate Guide. Chat to a student Arrow Right Got questions about studying with us? Our student ambassadors are here to help. Stories UAL receives Queen's Anniversary Prize at Buckingham Palace ceremony University of the Arts London (UAL) was formally presented with the highest national honour in Higher Education at a special ceremony held at Buckingham Palace today (Thursday 22 February). Study Foundation Diploma in Art and Design (FAD) at UAL Want to study Foundation Diploma in Art and Design (FAD) at UAL? Read our latest update on Lime Grove and our approach for 2024/25. Caption Textiles with organic shapes by Tayla-Jayne Sander, image courtesy of UAL. UAL publishes Ethnic Representation Index 2023 UAL has released the second edition of the Ethnic Representation Index to address racial inequality in British universities. This index offers a comprehensive look at Black, Asian, and Minority Ethnic representation across the sector Caption Microsoft x LCF: Future of Fashion Incubator, Oval Space UAL leads commission to keep UK’s creative industries globally competitive University of the Arts London (UAL) is leading a commission to understand how to ensure the UK’s creative industries remain globally competitive. See more stories Arrow Right 6 Colleges, 1 University CamberwellCollege of Arts CentralSaint Martins ChelseaCollege of Arts London College ofCommunication London Collegeof Fashion WimbledonCollege of Arts 6 Colleges,1 University Discover our colleges What's on Grads: career one-to-ones Book a 20 minute appointment to discuss your next steps in your professional practice Student Career One-to-Ones Join us to explore how we can support you to make a living doing what you love. UAL Bereavement support group Sign up to join UAL's Bereavement support group. Meet with other students and share your experience of loss in a facilitated weekly group. Drawing Club at LCC Students and staff from across UAL are invited to join the UAL Drawing Club at LCC. London College of Communication - Zine Making Join us for a series of zine making workshops in the SU Darkroom bar at LCC. Post-Grad Interest Group: PhD Tea and Chat PhD Tea and Chat is a student-led Post-Grad Interest Group, serving as a sociable and supportive space for all UAL PhD students. See more events Arrow Right Open Days See all open days Because the world needs creativity Privacy informationPublic informationWorking at UALAccessibility statementCookiesContact usUAL ProspectusDisclaimerPress OfficeModern slavery statementUAL and UAL Short Courses Ltd Privacy Notice © 2024 University of the Arts London. All Rights Reserved.