Internet Crime Complaint Center(IC3) | Home Page Skip to content FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) HOME FILE A COMPLAINT CONSUMER ALERTS INDUSTRY ALERTS BEC RANSOMWARE ELDER FRAUD COMMON SCAMS Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) Protect one another. The Internet Crime Complaint Center, or IC3, is the Nation’s central hub for reporting cyber crime. It is run by the FBI, the lead federal agency for investigating cyber crime. Here on our website, you can take two vital steps to protecting cyberspace and your own online security. First, if you believe you have fallen victim to cyber crime, file a complaint or report. Your information is invaluable to helping the FBI and its partners bring cybercriminals to justice. Second, get educated about the latest and most harmful cyber threats and scams. By doing so, you will be better able to protect yourself, your family, and your place of work. Anyone can become a victim of internet crime. Take action for yourself and others by reporting it. Reporting internet crimes can help bring criminals to justice and make the internet a safer place for us all. File a Complaint Join the fight against internet crime! Reporting a crime makes our community safer. With your help, the FBI can respond faster, better defend cyber networks, and more effectively protect our nation. Latest Announcements Read about recent trends and announcements that may affect you.​ Be Proactive Knowledge is the key to prevention. Educate yourself about threats to individuals and business and ways to protect yourself. See Other Types of Crimes Browse our FAQs Protecting our digitally-connected world is a top priority and focus of the FBI. But we can’t do it alone. Between staying connected with family and friends, shopping and banking online, and working remotely, we all depend on security in our interconnected digital world. Criminals from every corner of the globe attack our digital systems on a near constant basis. They strike targets large and small—from corporate networks to personal smart phones. No one—and no device—is immune from the threat. The only way forward is together. In cyber security, where a single compromise can impact millions of people, there can be no weak links. Every organization and every individual needs to take smart, reasonable steps to protect their own devices and systems and to learn how to spot and avoid scams. The information you submit to IC3 makes all the difference. Combined with other data, it allows the FBI to investigate reported crimes, track trends and threats, and, in some cases, even freeze stolen funds. Just as importantly, IC3 shares reports of crime throughout its vast network of FBI field offices and law enforcement partners, strengthening our nation’s collective response both locally and nationally. Due to the massive number of complaints we receive each year, IC3 cannot respond directly to every submission, but please know we take each report seriously. With your help, we can and will respond faster, defend cyber networks better, and more effectively protect our nation. See Annual Report See Elder Fraud Report See More Annual Reports Chart includes yearly and aggregate data for complaints and losses over the years 2018 to 2022. Over that time, IC3 received a total of 3.26 million complaints, reporting a loss of $27.6 billion. Consumer Alerts Scammers Use Couriers to Retrieve Cash and Precious Metals from Victims of Tech Support and Government Impersonation Scams Mon, 29 Jan 2024 Malicious Actors Threaten U.S. Synagogues, Schools, Hospitals, and Other Institutions With Bomb Threats Fri, 12 Jan 2024 Chinese Police Imposters Incorporate Aggressive Tactics to Target U.S.-Based Chinese Community Wed, 03 Jan 2024 Threat of Violence Likely Heightened Throughout Winter Tue, 12 Dec 2023 FBI Warns of Scammers Targeting Senior Citizens in Grandparent Scams and Demanding Funds by Wire, Mail, or Couriers Fri, 17 Nov 2023 Industry Alerts Threat Actors Exploit Multiple Vulnerabilities in Ivanti Connect Secure and Policy Secure Gateways Fri, 01 Mar 2024 #StopRansomware: Phobos Ransomware Thu, 29 Feb 2024 Russian Cyber Actors Use Compromised Routers to Facilitate Cyber Operations Tue, 27 Feb 2024 SVR Cyber Actors Adapt Tactics for Initial Cloud Access Mon, 26 Feb 2024 Top Cyber Actions for Securing Water Systems Wed, 21 Feb 2024 FAQs Disclaimer Privacy Notice About IC3