KFF | The independent source for health policy research, polling, and news Home Home Topics Affordable Care Act COVID-19 Global Health Policy Health Costs HIV/AIDS Medicaid Medicare Mental Health Patient and Consumer Protections Private Insurance Racial Equity and Health Policy Uninsured Women’s Health Policy Polling State Health Facts State Health Facts Custom State Reports Graphics & Interactives Charts & Slides KFF Health News Social Impact Media Peterson-KFF Health System Tracker Newsroom Newsroom News Releases Events Subscribe to Emails Cite Us/Reprint Media Contacts Join Our Team About Us About KFF From Drew Altman Our People Our Programs KFF Board Contact Us Support Our Work The independent source for health policy research, polling, and news. menu The independent source for health policy research, polling, and news. Donate Open Search... Search KFF.org Follow us Email Mental Health Abortion in the U.S. Medical Debt BEYOND THE DATA FROM DREW ALTMAN It’s Not a Health Care Election, But Health Issues Might Still Add UpIn this new column, KFF President and CEO Drew Altman explores the potential for some health care issues—including abortion, drug costs and other affordability challenges—to influence enough voters in swing states to make a difference in this year’s presidential election. Read the ColumnAddressing Abortion Access through State Ballot InitiativesLarry Levitt: What Would Another Trump Presidency Mean for Health Care? KFF Health News: What Would a Second Trump Presidency Look Like for Health Care? Health Tracking Poll Health Care Costs Top the Public’s List of Financial Worries; More Want to Expand the ACA Than to Repeal ItOur latest poll finds unexpected medical bills and health care costs top the public’s list of financial concerns. The Affordable Care Act and its pre-existing condition protections remain popular, and far more people want to expand what the law does than want to repeal it.Learn MoreRead Poll FindingsEconomic Views and Experiences of Adults Who Struggle Financially The Public’s Views on the ACAAmericans’ Challenges with Health Care Costs KFF Health News Logo Latest News California Pushes to Expand the Universe of Abortion Care Providers How a Friend’s Death Turned Colorado Teens Into Anti-Overdose Activists California Hospitals, Advocates Seek Stable Funding to Retain Behavioral Health Navigators With Medical Debt Burdening Millions, a Financial Regulator Steps In to Help More KFF Health News new and NOTABLE Since Dobbs, Few Large Firms Have Changed Their Plan’s Abortion Coverage Policy A new KFF analysis shows that relatively few (8%) large firms (with 200+ workers) offering health benefits report reducing or expanding coverage for abortion since the U.S. Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade. Three Questions About Medicaid Unwinding Ten months into the unwinding of the Medicaid continuous enrollment provision, states have conducted renewals for roughly half of all enrollees in the program. KFF examines three key questions to monitor as unwinding continues. Gun Violence Impact on Children, Adolescents This brief explores the disproportionate impacts of gun violence on children of color and male youth and the negative mental health consequences associated with gun violence. It contains current and trend data on firearm death rates among children and adolescents ages 17 and under. Beyond the Data by Drew Altman In his regular Beyond the Data columns, CEO Drew Altman discusses what the data, polls, and journalism produced by KFF mean for policy and for people. Browse the Latest from KFF Get The Latest On Health Policy Sign Up For Email Alerts Your Email Address Sign Up Topics Affordable Care Act COVID-19 Global Health Policy Health Costs HIV/AIDS Medicaid Medicare Mental Health Patient and Consumer Protections Private Insurance Racial Equity and Health Policy Uninsured Women’s Health Policy Sections Polling State Health Facts Graphics & Interactives Charts & Slides KFF Health News Social Impact Media Peterson-KFF Health System Tracker Newsroom News Releases Events Subscribe to Emails Cite Us/Reprint Media Contacts About Us From Drew Altman Our People Our Programs KFF Board Contact Us Support Our Work Join Our Team Privacy Policy Follow Us Email Alerts Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Threads X RSS Feeds YouTube © 2024 KFF Powered by WordPress VIP Citations and Reprints Privacy Policy KFF Headquarters: 185 Berry St., Suite 2000, San Francisco, CA 94107 | Phone 650-854-9400 Washington Offices and Barbara Jordan Conference Center: 1330 G Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005 | Phone 202-347-5270 www.kff.org | Email Alerts: kff.org/email | facebook.com/KFF | twitter.com/kff The independent source for health policy research, polling, and news, KFF is a nonprofit organization based in San Francisco, California.