Tricycle: The Buddhist Review Subscribe Online Courses About Log Out Online Courses Log In Subscribe My Account Teachings Meditation Ideas Culture Personal Reflections × Teachings Meditation Ideas Culture Personal Reflections Events Dharma Talks Film Club Podcasts Online Courses Buddhism for Beginners Magazine About Haiku Challenge All Topics My Account Login Log Out Subscribe for access to video teachings, monthly films, e-books, and our 30-year archive. Subscribe Tricycle is a nonprofit that depends on reader support. Donate Events Tricycle’s Buddhist Film Festival March 15-24, 2024 Podcasts A Guide for When Things Don’t Go Your Way With Haemin Sunim Film Club Review Directed by Maso Chen Culture The Buddhist Traveler in Taipei Buddhism in the City of Azaleas By Judith Hertog Featured Meditation Love Is a Skill By Ayya Khema Personal Reflections Breaking Free of the Trance of Unworthiness Tara Brach in conversation with James Shaheen Ideas Waking Up to Non-Buddhism By Matthew O'Connell Latest Ideas Cultivating Everyday Virtue Seth Zuiho Segall in conversation with James Shaheen News In Conversation with Shrihari Sathe, the Curator of Tricycle’s Buddhist Film Festival Shrihari Sathe interviewed by Tricycle Culture Talking ‘Tukdam’ with Documentary Filmmaker Donagh Coleman Tricycle interviews Donagh Coleman Meditation Trauma-Informed Mindfulness through a Neuroscience Lens Jo-ann Rosen interviewed by Sharon Aschaiek Culture A Lie That Is Also True: Birth, Death, and Motherhood in ‘The Boy and the Heron’ By Olivia Q. Pintair VIEW MORE Current Issue Spring 2024 • Volume 33, Number 3 Putting Spirituality First Making Friends with the Night View Contents Subscribe to Read Gift Subscription Daily Dharma While the dharma rain falls equally on each of us, we must do the work—through our practice, or right endeavor—to grow into the best versions of ourselves. – Mark Herrick, “Keeping in Mind Our Interbeing Through the Parable of the Medicinal Herbs” The Daily Dharma App is now available! Teachings Magazine | Feature Identity and Selflessness in Buddhism: No Self or True Self? Examining Buddhist notions of identity and selflessness By Jack Kornfield Meditation Books Learning How to Concentrate We’re worse at multitasking than we think. By Dan Zigmond Dec 03, 2019 MeditationMagazine | Practice, Teachings Say a Little Prayer Reaching beyond our limits, we make practice real. By Ken McLeod Summer 2020 Read More Online Courses Timeless teachings. Modern methods. Writing as a Spiritual Practice Learn to write from the place in which spiritual work happens, first by cultivating an attitude of open heartedness, curiosity, wonder, and fearlessness, then by creating work expressing those qualities. With Sallie Tisdale The Five Spiritual Powers With Christina Feldman, Christoph Köck, and Jake Dartington Real Life With Sharon Salzberg Freeing the Mind When the Body Hurts With Vidyamala Burch View More Upcoming Events March 15–24, 2024 Eventive Tricycle’s Buddhist Film Festival We invite you to join us for our first ever Buddhist Film Festival from March 15-24, 2024, offering five feature length films, five short films, and a live interview and Q&A with filmmaker Lana Wilson, director of The Departure, in conversation with Zen teacher Koshin Paley Ellison. Get Tickets ALL EVENTS Dharma Talks Video teachings with contemporary Buddhist teachers The Eight Awarenesses of the Awakened Being Laura Burges The great Soto Zen ancestor, Dogen Zenji, shared Buddha’s Mahaparinirvana Sutra, the last teaching that the Buddha gave before he died. “The Eight Awarenesses of the Awakened Being” are realizations that are available to us all and they are especially helpful in our practice of recovery from addiction. Even if we are not engaged directly […] The Wisdom of Equanimity in Global Crisis Lama Karma Opening Your Heart: Exploring the Four Boundless States as a Pathway to Meaningful Transformation Free Scott Tusa The Collective Dimension of Happiness Cuong Lu View More Film Club Buddhist films and discussion for the Tricycle community My Buddha Is Punk Twenty-five-year-old Burmese punk musician Kyaw Kyaw is on a mission. He and his band, The Rebel Riot, travel Myanmar playing music and organizing demonstrations to raise awareness about the persecution of the country’s ethnic minorities. The band’s unique blend of ideals—one part Buddhist compassion, two parts punk rock rebellion—fuels their quest for equality and freedom for all in contemporary Myanmar. Directed by Andreas Hartmann View More Podcasts Conversations with contemporary Buddhist leaders & thinkers A Guide for When Things Don’t Go Your Way In this episode of Life As It Is, Korean Zen monk Haemin Sunim offers a guide to transforming life’s unexpected challenges into opportunities for awakening. With Haemin Sunim LISTEN NOW Tricycle Talks What Makes a Good Life? With Seth Zuiho Segall Life As It Is The Zen Way of Recovery With Laura Burges Tricycle Talks Revisiting Radical Acceptance With Tara Brach View More New to Buddhism? Start your journey here! Subscribe Today Tricycle is more than a magazine Subscribe for access to video teachings, monthly films, e-books, and our 30-year archive. Subscribe Weekly Newsletter The latest from Tricycle to your inbox and more We’re sorry, there was an error. Please try again. Thank you for subscribing! Please check your email to confirm your subscription. Would you like to sign up for our other mailing lists? The Tricycle NewsletterA weekly update on everything you need to know on tricycle.org Three TeachingsBuddhist teachings to your inbox every Thursday Daily DharmaMorning wisdom to wake you up Learn MoreCourse announcements, offers, and events from our partners Meditation MonthWeekly updates and guided meditations from a Buddhist teacher throughout the month of March By continuing, you agree to Tricycle’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thank you for subscribing! Please check your email to confirm your subscription. Donate Now Help us share Buddhist teachings Tricycle is a nonprofit that depends on reader support. Donate Donate TopicsTeachings Meditation Ideas Culture Personal Reflections News Obituaries Magazine Dharma Talks Film Club Podcasts Online Courses Buddhism for Beginners Events E-Books MoreAbout Customer Support Newsletters Contact Advertise Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright 2024. Tricycle. All rights reserved.Design by Point Five. Development by Code Rodeo