Monthly Review | An Independent Socialist Magazine Top MenuArchives MR Press MR Online Monthly Review Essays Climate & Capitalism Money on the Left Donate Login Navigation Monthly Review An Independent Socialist Magazine Home Main MenuSubscribe Solidarity Offer! Store Books Back Issues View My Cart Checkout Press Submit a Book Proposal or Manuscript New & Recently Released MR Press Catalogs Books (list of all titles) Discounts, Shipping, and eBooks Request a Review or Desk Copy Sales and Distribution Baran—Sweezy Memorial Award Browse Search by Year and Issue by Subject by Geographic Location by Magazine Section Complete archive, 1949–present Contact Submit an Article or Book Proposal Contact Monthly Review Reprint Permissions Advertise in Monthly Review About The Editors Privacy Policy Donate to MR Help FAQ New Subscription System! How to Download and Convert eBooks My Account View/Renew Subscription Change Email/Password Recover My Password Change Address 0 items - $0.00 Return to Content Notes from the Editors March 2024 (Volume 75, Number 10) by The Editors buy this issue Paul Burkett’s death on January 7, 2024, at age 67, means that the world is suddenly bereft of the figure who played the leading role over the last three decades in developing a Marxist ecological economics in the face of the growing planetary crisis. His loss leaves ecological Marxism without its foremost exponent of the ecological critique of capitalist value relations. It also means the loss of a warm and compassionate human being, and a beloved jazz musician. | more… New this week! Engels for Our Times: Gender, Social Reproduction, and Revolution by Marnie Holborow “It is surprising,” Marnie Holborow writes, “how often in Marxist accounts of women’s oppression Frederick Engels is overlooked.” In responding to this gap in analysis, Holborow examines his influential work, The Origin of the Family, Private Property and the State, finding his observations on gender roles and social reproduction under capitalism—and their expressions based on class—are not only astute for Engels’s time, but very much for ours as well. | more… New this week! The Specter of ‘Knowledge as Commons’ by Sam Popowich The recent arrest of Newsclick editor-in-chief Prabir Purkayastha is a chilling development in Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s campaign of repression against free media. The current “moral panic” being mobilized against Purkayashta, Sam Popowich notes, represents Modi’s attempt to gain popular legitimacy for his Hindutva program and silence dissent. | more… Industrial Agriculture: Lessons from North Korea by Zhun Xu This article will be released in full online March 11, 2023. According to most Western commentators, North Korea is an “enigma” plagued by “irrational” leadership, poverty, and pervasive food shortages. Zhun Xu charts the evolution of North Korean industrial agriculture and the country’s efforts to feed its population from the Soviet era up until today. What, Xu asks, can we learn from the country’s efforts to industrialize its agricultural sector, and what do they tell us about the future of agriculture under socialism? | more… Do It Yourself, Brother: Cultural Autonomy and the New Thing by Christian Noakes This article will be released in full online March 18, 2023. Christian Noakes tells the story of the struggle to liberate jazz from the exploitative, white-controlled music industry in 1950s and beyond. Recounting the seminal events of the movement and backlash from white civil society, Noakes reveals a legacy of Black cultural autonomy and resistance led by such jazz legends as Charles Mingus, Max Roach, Eric Dolphy, Bill Dixon, and others. | more… Eleven Theses on Music by Paul Burkett This article will be released in full online March 25, 2023. This lyrical vignette from the recently departed Paul Burkett is the author’s final, posthumously published piece for Monthly Review. In it, the eminent ecological economist and jazz musician muses on the nature of creativity, technology, and the corporatization of music—and the struggle to decommodify it, freeing musicians and their craft from the confines of capitalism. | more… Notes from the Editors February 2024 (Volume 75, Number 9) by The Editors buy this issue As Israel continues its atrocities in Gaza, the editors examine the nature of exterminism and its relation to what threatens to become a permanent Nakba. The explicit aim, they contend, of Zionism’s settler colonial project is nothing less than the extermination—in the classical sense of the term—of the entire Palestinian population. | more… Review of the Month The U.S. Quest for Nuclear Primacy: The Counterforce Doctrine and the Ideology of Moral Asymmetry by John Bellamy Foster John Bellamy Foster discusses the past and present state of U.S. nuclear policy, asserting that its reliance on belligerent approaches endangers the entire world. “Only a minimalist, as opposed to a maximalist, approach to nuclear arms can put humanity on the road to nuclear disarmament,” he writes, concluding that “the answer lies in a worldwide shift away from dying capitalism to…complete socialism.” | more… Marx and Engels as Polyglots by Kaan Kangal Drawing on writings, historical accounts, and personal letters, Kaan Kangal surveys the considerable extent of Marx and Engels’s interest in language and capabilities as polyglots. This interest, he argues, was part and parcel of their political commitment to building worldwide socialism. | more… The Case for Socialist Veganism by Benjamin Selwyn and Charis Davis There is a paradox, Benjamin Selwyn and Charis Davis write, at the heart of corporate veganism in the Global North. While vegan products are sold to consumers as environmentally conscious alternatives to meat and dairy, the world’s largest producers of such products are rapacious, ecologically destructive, and exploitive of populations in the Global South. The authors argue that a turn toward socialist veganism can advance the goals of decommodifying and democratizing our food system. | more… Poetry What matters now by Marge Piercy A new poem by Marge Piercy. | more… Review The Senegal Delta and Global Capitalism by Pietro Daniel Omodeo As Pietro Daniel Omodeo observes in this review, “environmental politics cannot be separated from political decision-making.” Using the example of the Senegal delta, as explored in Maura Benegiamo’s La terra dentro il capitale, Omodeo shows that the neocolonial “Great Expropriation of the global commons” is underway in the Global South, with grim ecological and social consequences for those living in the delta. | more… Review To Struggle!: A Review of Marcello Musto’s ‘The Last Years of Karl Marx’ by Mauricio Betancourt Mauricio Betancourt reviews Marcello Musto’s The Last Years of Karl Marx. In the book, Betancourt finds a detailed portrait of Marx’s rarely examined later years, revealing a man who, despite personal tragedy and failing health, remained a vigorous intellectual and scholar through the end of his life. | more… 1 2 … 151 Next → Click here to submit an article or book proposal twitter youtube mastodon facebook instagram MR Email List! Email New from MR Press The Political Writings of Bhagat Singh The Myth of Black Capitalism: New Edition NEW! Until We Fall: Long Distance Life on the Left NEW! Commune or Nothing! Venezuela’s Communal Movement and its Socialist Project New! The War Against the Commons: Dispossession and Resistance in the Making of Capitalism New! The Prosecution of Professor Chandler Davis: McCarthyism, Communism, and the Myth of Academic Freedom Beyond Plague Urbanism Return to the Source: Selected Texts of Amilcar Cabral, New Expanded Edition MR Press News EXCERPT: Colonial dreams, racist nightmares, liberated futures (from the introduction to A Land With A People) On dissent and solidarity (The Prosecution of Professor Chandler Davis reviewed for ‘for Against the Current’) Israel’s Kristallnacht (Author of Postcards to Hitler in ‘Counterpunch’) The Prosecution of Professor Chandler Davis discussed on ‘The Nation’s’ podcast ‘Time of Monsters’ On racialized antisemitism (Author of Postcards to Hitler featured in ‘Counterpunch’) Listen: A model for Socialist construction (Chris Gilbert interviewed for ‘Millennials are Killing Capitalism’) Unpicking the connections between Covid and the crises of capitalism (Rob Wallace reviewed in ‘Counterfire’) Fascinating blow by blow on the Cuban workers’ parliaments (Pedro Ross reviewed for ‘New West Indian Guide’) NEW THIS WEEK!PopularWhy Socialism? by Albert Einstein The Dialectics of Ecology: An Introduction by John Bellamy Foster Imperialist Propaganda and the Ideology of the Western Left Intelligentsia: From Anticommunism and Identity Politics to Democratic Illusions and Fascism by Gabriel Rockhill Actual U.S. Military Spending Reached $1.537 Trillion in 2022—More than Twice Acknowledged Level: New Estimates Based on U.S. National Accounts by Gisela Cernadas The Double Objective of Democratic Ecosocialism by Jason Hickel January 2024 (Volume 75, Number 8) by The Editors Marx and Engels as Polyglots by Kaan Kangal The Case for Socialist Veganism by Benjamin Selwyn Planned Degrowth: Ecosocialism and Sustainable Human Development by John Bellamy Foster February 2024 (Volume 75, Number 9) by The Editors MR OnlineA strategic cross-border labor alliance March 5, 2024 David BaconThe good Germans are blowing smoke March 5, 2024 John HelmerLiberation through reading in Cuba March 4, 2024 EditorRich whingers dominate Australian politics March 4, 2024 James Plested‘Let them eat flakes’: Highest food costs in 30 years March 4, 2024 EditorGoalposts and gunfire: Israel’s deliberate attacks on Palestinian football and its players March 4, 2024 Alan MacLeodEnemy of the State March 4, 2024 EditorOn Music and Politics March 2, 2024 Victor WallisThe nobodies are worth more than the bullet that kills them: The Ninth Newsletter (2024) March 2, 2024 Vijay Prashad‘Stripped for Parts: American Journalism on the Brink’ March 2, 2024 Editor Climate & CapitalismRemembering Paul Burkett March 3, 2024Nature’s Heartbeat, Visualized February 18, 2024Slowing Atlantic current could trigger sudden climate shift February 16, 2024Populations decline for nearly half of migratory species February 12, 2024700 million years ago, the Earth froze. Now we know why. February 10, 2024The COP Delusion: Decades of empty words and no action February 7, 2024Ecosocialist Bookshelf: February 2024 February 1, 202450 updated replies to climate science deniers January 31, 2024Tanzania escalates violence to evict indigenous people January 28, 2024Left critics denounce COP28, but offer no alternative January 26, 2024 Michael Yates: Economist’s TravelogueWhat we sow is what we eat September 21, 2017A Land Grant in Maine: The Gift That’s Been Giving Since 1767 September 6, 2016Let’s Get Serious About Inequality and Socialism May 7, 2016Bernie Sanders’ “Political Revolution” February 29, 2016Geraldine July 7, 2015Dreaming of the Dead January 23, 2015Those Who Came Before Us* January 5, 2015Dolphins at the Hilton November 24, 2014Order-Givers and Order-Takers* October 27, 2014Sacco and Vanzetti* August 23, 2014 2024 Monthly Review Foundation. All Rights Reserved Monthly Review | Tel: 212-691-2555134 W 29th St Rm 706, New York, NY 10001