Milkwood - Skills for Permaculture Living Skip to content Search: Search Facebook page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowPinterest page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new windowWhatsapp page opens in new windowSTUDENT LOGIN Milkwood: permaculture courses, skills + stories Skills and stories for growing, designing + living like it matters Start Here About us Articles Courses Store Contact Us Start Here About us Articles Courses Store Contact Us At Milkwood, we’re dedicated to sharing permaculture skills, for living like it matters. Online, in print, via our online courses… whatever it takes to get you inspired to make positive change – we’re here to help you learn! Free resources to get you started… How to Compost Dog Poop – & Other Pet Waste Too February 20, 2024 Delicious Dahlias – Yep, Dahlias Are Edible! January 23, 2024 Learning the Story of the Country You’re On – Habits for Hope #0 December 6, 2023 Habits, Hope + the Power of And/Also November 27, 2023 Growing Mushrooms at Home, in a Hot Summer September 19, 2023 A peek inside The Milkwood Permaculture Living Handbook August 15, 2023 Garden Dreaming – The First Year of our New Garden August 3, 2023 What Is Permaculture? July 4, 2023 Want free DIY guides, gardening tips and life hacks to help get you growing, making and doing? Sign up to our friendly newsletter! Our new book – out now! The Milkwood Permaculture Living Handbook: Habits for Hope in a Changing World How can we cultivate everyday habits that help create more justice, more biodiversity, and more of the the world we want – amidst our everyday life, with our everyday choices? The Milkwood Permaculture Living Handbook is your guide to improving your home, health and happiness – and the planet – one simple step at a time. Packed with practical skills and projects, its regenerative living for busy people who want to make a positive impact in a world out of balance. Buy the book! As featured in… Join us on Instagram Milkwood is dedicated to sharing permaculture skills, for living like it matters. Online, in print, via our renowned courses… whatever it takes to get you inspired, we’re here to help you learn! We acknowledge that permaculture owes the roots of its theory and practice to traditional and Indigenous knowledges, from all over the world. We all stand on the shoulders of many ancestors - as we learn, and re-learn, these skills and concepts. We pay our deepest respects and give our heartfelt thanks to these knowledge-keepers, both past and present.⁠Free DIY Guides, Gardening Tips & Life Hacks Subscribe to our newsletter for regular ideas on how to get growing, making and doing at your place... Email* Name* First NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Our Online Courses» Upcoming permaculture courses. » Course reviews from our happy students. » Inspiring student case studies. Contact Us Email:Send us a message Phone: 1300 497 455 or +61 (0)3 6163 4545 Chat: WhatsApp / Messenger Location:melukerdee country in southern lutruwita Post:PO Box 162, Cygnet, Tasmania, Australia 7112 Facebook Instagram Twitter Pinterest Twitter Twitter WhatsApp . Milkwood acknowledges the Traditional Owners of country throughout Australia and recognises their continuing connection to land, water and community. We pay our respects to them and their cultures, and to Elders past, present and emerging. Fair Share Policy | Purchase Terms | Privacy Policy | Marketing Policy Unless otherwise stated, all content © 2024 | Milkwood Trading Pty Ltd | ABN: 95 159 276 669 Go to Top Bookings for our next class of Organic Vegetable Gardening are open this week.Join us! Bookings for our next class of Home Mushroom Cultivation are open this week.Join us! Bookings for our next class of Permaculture Living are open this week.Join us!