Subscribe on Android to your favorite podcasts with Android Subscribe on Android by Blubrry.com Subscribe to your favorite podcast on your Android device Enter Podcast Feed URL or Podcast Show Subscribe on Android Welcome to Subscribe on Android Welcome to Subscribe on Android, a free service that provides simple One Click subscribe links for all Android podcast applications to utilize. Blubrry.com created the One Click Subscribe on Android protocol to give Android listeners the same One Click subscription experience that iOS and iTunes users have. As Android podcasting apps adopt the One Click Subscribe on Android protocol, millions of potential listeners using Android Devices will be able to easily subscribe to podcasts. If the Android listener does not have a One Click supported app we will direct each SubscribeOnAndroid.com visitor to supported Android podcasting apps. You can help us by encouraging your favorite Android Podcast App to implement the One Click Subscribe on Android protocol. Android developers, podcast Web site owners and podcast platform developers, please check out the developer page for instructions. Podcasters wanting to implement One Click Subscribe on Android on their Web sites, please check out the podcasters page for instructions. Need a podcast app? Install Podcast Addict Varies with device $3.99 Get It! Pocket Casts Varies with device Install Fountain Version 6.0 and newer Install Google Podcasts Varies with device Install Podcast Guru Version 9.0 and newer Install CastBox Version 5.0 and newer Install Podcast Republic Varies with device Install BeyondPod Varies with device Install Podkicker Version 5.0 and newer Install Podcast App by Player FM Version 5.0 and newer Install AntennaPod Version 5.0 and newer Subscribe on Android To provide simple one-click subscribe links for all Android podcast applications to utilize. Learn More For Developers For Podcasters Help Terms of Service Privacy Policy Privacy Shield Powered by Blubrry.com © 2024 Blubrry Podcasting