Opera Web Browser | Faster, Safer, Smarter | Opera Browsers Opera Browser Updated Opera GX Downloads Features New Compare Browsers Privacy & Security About About Opera Opera Blog Help Download now language: Become Opera's Tabfulness Guru Apply now Your personal browser Faster, safer and smarter than default browsers. Opera Browser is fully-featured for privacy, security, and everything you do online. See more Download Opera Take Opera Browser to go Complete your browsing experience on mobile with free VPN, Ad Blocker and browser AI. Download Opera for Android or iOS and enjoy smooth browsing anywhere. What can you do in Opera Browser? Tab Islands Keep your tabs arranged in separate groups for contextual browsing Read more Chat with AI for free Read more Message from the sidebar Read more Free & pro VPN Protect your privacy for free and browse faster without ads, Read more See what's new! Opera One The latest version of Opera Browser includes browser AI, Tab Islands, smooth animations and a clean modular design, delivering the most forward-thinking browsing experience to date. See more Ditch the default About Opera Ditch the default Ditch the default Opera offers a complete web experience you can’t get from system defaults such as Chrome, Safari and Edge. Chosen by millions While other browsers force their use by coming pre-installed on devices, Opera is chosen by hundreds of millions of users because of its superior performance. Security you can rely on For over 25 years, Opera has been at the forefront of expanding browser technology ensuring that users have the highest security, privacy, and flexibility online. Future proof Opera is shaping the web in unexpected ways, providing free access to AI, Web3, and advanced innovative features. We’re just scratching the surface of what's possible online, and few are better placed than Opera to build this future. Discover Opera`s gaming products Opera Gaming Check out the world's first gaming browser, Opera GX, plus see how easy Opera is making it to create and develop your own games. Visit Opera gaming Who we are About Opera Who we are Who we are Opera is its people. International teams of developers, designers, researchers, marketers and support, united across Europe, Africa and Asia to build the best online experiences on any device. Ambitious, experimental, and collaborative - we love what we do. Read about Opera You deserve a better browser Opera's free VPN, Ad blocker, and Flow file sharing. Just a few of the must-have features built into Opera for faster, smoother and distraction-free browsing designed to improve your online experience. Download Opera Features Ad Blocker Free VPN VPN Pro Aria, browser AI Built-in Messengers Built-in Social Media More features Services Products Gaming Addons Opera Account Wallpapers Opera Ads Help Switch to Opera Help & Support Opera Blog Opera Forums FAQ Legal Security Privacy Cookies Policy EULA Terms of Service ESG Company About Opera Press Info Jobs Investors Become a Partner Contact Us Innovate and inspire, uncover the unexpected, support open standards. Follow us © 1995-2024 Opera Norway All rights reserved Language: English Deutsch Español Español Latinoamérica Français Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Norsk Polski Português Português Brasileiro Русский Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 简体中文 Cookies We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By clicking Accept cookies, you agree to the use of cookies for marketing and analytics purposes. Further information can be found in our Privacy Statement and Cookies Policy. Manage cookies Accept cookies Our use of cookies Necessary cookies These cookies are used for website functionality, such as storing your settings and preferences. You can disable these in your browser settings, but it may affect website functionality. Marketing & Analytics cookies We recommend accepting these cookies, which include third-party cookies, for the improvement of our products and everyone’s experience. These cookies contribute to statistics and the measurement of marketing campaigns. Accept selection