The official website of the Nobel Prize - NobelPrize.org Skip to content Close the search form A button that allows you to close the search form if needed Close the search form A button that allows you to close the search form if needed Close Mobile Menu The Nobel Prize The Nobel Prize Logo Toggle Mobile Menu Nobel Prizes & Laureates All Nobel Prizes Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Quick facts Nomination Physics Prize Chemistry Prize Medicine Prize Literature Prize Peace Prize Prize in Economic Sciences Nomination Archive Alfred Nobel Alfred Nobel’s life Alfred Nobel’s will News & insights Press In-depth Events Public events Nobel Prize Concert Nobel Week Dialogue Nobel Prize Dialogue Nobel Prize Summit Nobel Prize Inspiration Initiative Nobel Prize award ceremonies Educational Close the search form A button that allows you to close the search form if needed Close the search form A button that allows you to close the search form if needed Header Search Submit a search term Allows users to submit a search term Join us on 5 March for the Nobel Prize Dialogue Brussels In partnership with the European Research Council FACT & FICTION: THE FUTURE OF DEMOCRACY Watch the live stream on 5 March 2024, 19:00 CET Nobel Peace Prize awarded work Nobel Peace Prize 2021 “We create the world we want” As a journalist, Maria Ressa has shown herself to be a fearless defender of freedom of expression. She is now fighting against the spread of disinformation around the world to protect democracy. Ressa uses her freedom of expression to expose abuse of power, use of violence and growing authoritarianism worldwide. Watch an interview with Maria Ressa Maria Ressa. Courtesy Rappler Nobel Peace Prize 2021 “We are journalists, and our mission is clear – to distinguish between facts and fiction” Dmitry Muratov was awarded the 2021 peace prize for his efforts to to safeguard freedom of expression, which is a precondition for democracy and lasting peace. In his Nobel Prize lecture, Muratov spoke about journalists’ role in society. Dmitry Muratov delivers his Nobel Prize lecture. © Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Jo Straube. Nobel Prize laureates share their stories Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2009 “Already at five, I was actively investigating the world” “In one of my experiments I tried to measure the height of our tiny balcony using the furniture from inside the apartment. I put a table on another table, and a stool on top …”Read Ada Yonath’s story. Ada E. Yonath with dishes used for crystallization experiments. Credits: Micheline Pelletier/Corbis, Nobel Prize nominations Nobel Peace Prize 2024 2024 Nobel Peace Prize nominations The Norwegian Nobel Committee received a total of 285 candidates for the 2024 Nobel Peace Prize. 89 of these are organisations. Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony 2021 in the Oslo City Hall in Norway. © Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Geir Anders Rybakken Ørslien. Q&A Are the nominations made public? Did you know that there is no public list of the current year’s nominees for the peace prize? The complete list of nominees of any year’s prizes is not disclosed for 50 years. The same goes for all the prize categories. Learn more about the nomination process in a this Q&A. The nomination process for Nobel Peace Prize laureates. © Nobel Media. Ill. Niklas Elmehed News 2024 Nobel Prize announcements This year’s Nobel Prize announcements will take place 7–14 October. See the full schedule Watch Nobel Minds 2023 Nobel Prize laureates in discussion Watch the laureates in a discussion about their discoveries and achievements, and how these might find a practical application. Nobel Minds is hosted by the BBC’s Zeinab Badawi. Nobel Minds 2023. © Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin. Nobel Prizes 2023 The Nobel Prize in Physics 2023 Electrons in pulses of light The Nobel Prize in Physics 2023 was awarded to Pierre Agostini, Ferenc Krausz and Anne L’Huillier “for experimental methods that generate attosecond pulses of light for the study of electron dynamics in matter.” © Johan Jarnestad/The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2023 They added colour to nanotechnology The Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2023 was awarded to Moungi G. Bawendi, Louis E. Brus and Alexey Yekimov “for the discovery and synthesis of quantum dots.” © Johan Jarnestad/The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2023 Vaccine development The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2023 was awarded jointly to Katalin Karikó and Drew Weissman “for their discoveries concerning nucleoside base modifications that enabled the development of effective mRNA vaccines against COVID-19.” © The Nobel Committe for Physiology or Medicine. Ill. Mattias Karlén The Nobel Prize in Literature 2023 Stories depicting strong emotions that many can relate to The Nobel Prize in Literature 2023 was awarded to Jon Fosse, “for his innovative plays and prose which give voice to the unsayable.” © Nobel Prize Outreach. Photo: Clément Morin The Nobel Peace Prize 2023 A courageous fight for human rights, freedom, and democracy in Iran The Nobel Peace Prize 2023 was awarded to Narges Mohammadi “for her fight against the oppression of women in Iran and her fight to promote human rights and freedom for all.” Portrait of Narges Mohammadi. © Reihane Taravati The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel 2023 History helps us understand gender differences in the labour market The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel 2023 was awarded to Claudia Goldin “for having advanced our understanding of women’s labour market outcomes.” © Johan Jarnestad/The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences 2023 Nobel Prizes Crash course – 2023 Nobel Prizes How much do you know about the discoveries awarded the 2023 Nobel Prizes? Take our one-minute crash course on each of the prizes and find out how each have changed our world. Nobel Prize lessons Easy to use lessons about the 2023 Nobel Prizes From nanotechnology to the development of effective mRNA vaccines. Now you can bring the discoveries and achievements made by the 2023 Nobel Prize laureates into the classroom.The lessons are free and easy to use. They include a slideshow, manuscript and student worksheet. © Johan Jarnestad/The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, © The Nobel Committe for Physiology or Medicine. Ill. Mattias Karlén, Ill. Niklas Elmehed © Nobel Prize Outreach Alfred Nobel – Established the Nobel Prizes Scientist and inventor Chemist, engineer and industrialist Alfred Nobel left 31 million SEK (today about 342 million dollars) to fund the Nobel Prizes. Alfred Nobel's early years When Alfred was five years old his father Immanuel, an inventor and builder, moved to St. Petersburg. Alfred joined him a few years later. Inventing dynamite Based on Alfred’s work and patents a whole new industry developed. Within ten years, 16 explosives producing factories had been founded in 14 countries. A controversial will In his will of 27 November 1895, signed in Paris, Alfred Nobel specified that the bulk of his fortune should be used for prizes. Sign up for the “Monthly” newsletter Join thousands of global subscribers enjoying the free monthly Nobel Prize highlights, trivia and up-to-date information. Your e-mail address Check this box if you are a robot. I consent to my email address being used in accordance with the privacy policy. Play a game! Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1930 The Blood Typing Game How much do you know about blood types? Did you know that human blood groups were discovered by Nobel Prize laureate Karl Landsteiner in 1901?Learn more about the way to find out about the human blood groups, blood typing and the importance of safe blood transfusions. See if you can save the lives of the patients in the game! Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1904 Pavlov's Dog Is it possible to train a dog to drool on command? Learn about conditioned reflexes in this interactive game!With this animated game, teachers are able to illustrate classical conditioning in the classroom. The object of the game is to train Pavlov’s dog to respond to a signal that it will associate with being fed.In 1904, Ivan Pavlov was awarded with Nobel Prize for his pioneering studies of how the digestive system works. Peace Builders Step into the shoes of a Nobel Peace Prize laureate and learn about the legacy of Alfred Nobel in this immersive learning experience from the Nobel Peace Center. All Minecraft players can now journey alongside Desmond Tutu, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Jody Williams and Carl von Ossietzky to bring their vision of a more democratic, peaceful world to life. What are you looking for? Search the website. Search Nobel Search Search Nobel Button Connect with us Facebook Facebook Icon Like The Nobel Prize on Facebook 5,300,000+ followers Twitter Twitter Icon Follow The Nobel Prize on Twitter 1,100,000+ followers Instagram Instagram Icon Follow The Nobel Prize on Instagram 1,300,000+ followers YouTube Youtube Icon Follow The Nobel Prize on Youtube 590,000+ subscribers Linkedin LinkedIn IconConnect with The Nobel Prize on LinkedIn 700,000+ followers Nobel destinations Stockholm, Sweden Nobel Prize Museum The Nobel Prize Museum in Stockholm, Sweden, illustrates a century of creativity, where visitors can follow the changes of the 20th century through the Nobel Prize and the Nobel Prize laureates. The museum showcases the discoveries and creativity of the Nobel Prize laureates. Photo: Åke Eson Lindman Oslo, Norway Nobel Peace Center Located in the heart of Oslo, Norway, the Nobel Peace Center is a place where you can experience and learn about the various Nobel Peace Prize laureates. The story of each peace laureate is told at the museum. Photo: Johannes Granseth/Nobel Peace Center In memoriam Neuroscientist Roger Guillemin dies Roger Guillemin passade away on 21 February, age 100. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1977 for discoveries concerning the peptide hormone production of the brain.Biography Arno Penzias passes away at 90 Arno Penzias passed away on 22 January 2024, age 90. He was awarded the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of cosmic microwave background radiation.Biography Robert Solow 1924‒2023 Robert Solow passed away on 21 December 2023, age 99. He was awarded the 1987 Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Scinces in Memory of Alfred Nobel for his important contributions to theories of economic growth.Read Robert Solow’s biography Henry Kissinger passes away at 100 Henry Kissinger passed away on 29 November, age 100. Kissinger was awarded the 1973 Nobel Peace Prize, jointly with Le Duc Tho, for negotiating a ceasefire in Vietnam in 1973.Read Henry Kissinger’s acceptance speech About the Nobel Prize organisation The Nobel Foundation Tasked with a mission to manage Alfred Nobel's fortune and has ultimate responsibility for fulfilling the intentions of Nobel's will. The prize-awarding institutions For more than a century, these academic institutions have worked independently to select Nobel Prize laureates. Nobel Prize outreach activities Several outreach organisations and activities have been developed to inspire generations and disseminate knowledge about the Nobel Prize. Press Contact FAQ Privacy policy Technical support Terms of use For developers Media player Join us Facebook Twitter Icon Follow The Nobel Prize on Twitter Twitter Instagram Icon Follow The Nobel Prize on Instagram Instagram Youtube Icon Follow The Nobel Prize on Youtube Youtube LinkedIn IconConnect with The Nobel Prize on LinkedIn LinkedIn The Nobel Prize Copyright © Nobel Prize Outreach AB 2024