McDonald's: Burgers, Fries & More. Quality Ingredients. Our Terms and Conditions have changed. Please take a moment to review the new McDonald’s Terms and Conditions by clicking on the link. These include updates relating to Mobile Order & Pay, MyMcDonald’s Rewards, dispute resolution, and arbitration. By continuing to use our website, you are indicating that you have reviewed and agree to these Terms and Conditions. You are also indicating that you are agreeing to a legally binding contract and intend to do so. Accept Skip To Main Content Order Now Language English Español Sign Up for Email Careers Our Menu View Full Menu Breakfast Burgers Chicken & Fish Sandwiches McNuggets® and Meals Fries & Sides Happy Meal® McCafé® Coffees Sweets & Treats Beverages $1 $2 $3 Dollar Menu* View Full Menu Download App MyMcDonald's Rewards Exclusive Deals About Our Food Locate Gift Cards Search Change your Location X Close Menu Language English Español Sign Up for Email Careers Search Change your Location Change Order Now Our Menu View Full Menu Breakfast Burgers Chicken & Fish Sandwiches McNuggets® and Meals Fries & Sides Happy Meal® McCafé® Coffees Sweets & Treats Beverages $1 $2 $3 Dollar Menu* View Full Menu Download App MyMcDonald's Rewards Exclusive Deals About Our Food Locate Gift Cards Try New Savory Chili WcDonald’s Sauce Discover the new Savory Chili WcDonald’s Sauce,* straight from the WcDonald’s universe. So savory and bold! It’s the special move you’ll shout Shounen-style when you activate and unlock 2x bonus points on your next 10 piece Chicken McNuggets® order in the app.^ Plus, enjoy four weekly, unique anime and manga exclusives. ©2024 The Coca-Cola Company. Sprite® is a registered trademark of The Coca-Cola Company. *At participating McDonald’s for a limited time, while supplies last. ^Offer valid 1x th‌ru 3‌/‌24‌/20‌24 at participating McDonald's. Must opt in to Rewards. Order in the App Free Big Mac®. One for the Price of None. With $1 minimum purchase, score a free Big Mac after downloading the McD's app and joining MyMcDonald's Rewards.* Plus, with MyMcDonald’s Rewards, you’ll earn points to redeem for free food on every eligible order. Another Big Mac, maybe? *Offer valid 1x thru the last day of the month for first time app users at participating McDonald's. May take up to 48 hours to appear in your deals. Must opt in to MyMcDonald’s Rewards. Excludes tax. Get a Free Big Mac “McD’s Best Burgers Ever.” - Hamburglar You’re gonna love the hotter, juicier, tastier upgrades we’ve made to burgers like our Cheeseburger and Double Cheeseburger.* From patties grilled with onions and perfectly melted cheese to new soft, pillowy buns—these are our best burgers yet. Ask the Hamburglar, he can’t keep his hands off of ‘em. Robble, robble. Get one today in the app for pickup or McDelivery®.^ *Comparison of McDonald’s classic burgers to prior burgers. ^At participating McDonald’s. McDelivery prices may be higher than at restaurants. Delivery/other fees may apply. Order in the App 'Tis Shamrock Season That’s right, your fave springtime treats are making their annual appearance. So, get your Shamrock Shake® and OREO® Shamrock McFlurry® while they’re here. Available for a limited time only.* *At participating McDonald’s for a limited time. OREO is a trademark of Mondelēz International group, used under license. Order in the App Step Into the World of McD’s x Crocs Get a pair of McDonald’s branded clogs or limited edition Grimace, Birdie or Hamburglar Crocs decked out with fun McDonald’s x Crocs JibbitzTM charms or socks. Hurry, before it’s too late.* In celebration of the Crocs partnership, McDonald’s will be making a donation to Ronald McDonald House Charities® to help support families when they have a child who is ill or injured. *While supplies last. Shop the Collab Now Score Free Food with McDelivery® Earn MyMcDonald’s Rewards points on every McDelivery order only in the McD’s app to redeem for free food. And, yup, you can get ‘em delivered, too. Just order, relax and enjoy—check out how easy ordering delivery is in the app.* *At participating McDonald's. Must be opted into MyMcDonald's Rewards. McDelivery prices may be higher than at restaurants. Delivery/other fees may apply. Earn Points with McDelivery Black & Positively Golden® Scholarship McDonald's partnership with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund is a major investment in education and opportunity in Black communities. Apply Now New: Faster Faves, Only in the App We now prep when you’re on the way if you choose Curbside, Front Counter—or dine in for Table Service. Just order ahead in the app to save time. Because waiting in line for faves? Not our thing either.* *At participating McDonald’s. Order Ahead in the App Deals for Days Get exclusive deals on your McDonald’s favorites in the app with contactless Mobile Order & Pay* and convenient Drive Thru or Curbside pickup. *Mobile Order & Pay at participating McDonald’s. Get App Deals About Us About Us Overview Leadership Team Values In Action Franchise Info Recalls & Alerts Real Estate Accessibility Investor Relations News & Notifications Services Services Overview Wi-Fi PlayPlaces & Parties McDelivery® Mobile Order & Pay Trending Now McDonald’s Merchandise Family Fun Hub MyMcDonald's Rewards McCafé® Community Community Overview Now Serving HACER® Scholarships for Hispanic Students Ronald McDonald House Charities® McDonald’s Asian Pacific American McDonald’s International Black and Positively Golden McDonald’s LGBTQ+ Contact Us Contact Us Overview Gift Card FAQs Donations Employment Customer Feedback Frequently Asked Questions About Us About Us Overview Leadership Team Values In Action Franchise Info Recalls & Alerts Real Estate Accessibility Investor Relations News & Notifications Services Services Overview Wi-Fi PlayPlaces & Parties McDelivery® Mobile Order & Pay Trending Now McDonald’s Merchandise Family Fun Hub MyMcDonald's Rewards McCafé® Community Community Overview Now Serving HACER® Scholarships for Hispanic Students Ronald McDonald House Charities® McDonald’s Asian Pacific American McDonald’s International Black and Positively Golden McDonald’s LGBTQ+ Contact Us Contact Us Overview Gift Card FAQs Donations Employment Customer Feedback Frequently Asked Questions Privacy (Updated) California Privacy Notice Consumer Health Data Terms & Conditions Accessibility Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookie Settings © 2017 - 2024 McDonald's. All Rights Reserved close Leaving McDonald's Web Site You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. No, Cancel Yes, Continue Earn points on delivery or pickup via the app Select a delivery partner to continue Or, please select your McDelivery option You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites.