Pixelmator Pro Pixelmator ProPhotomatorCompareBlogCommunitySupport Pixelmator Pro 3.5.6 Flare OverviewWhat's NewTech SpecsTutorialsFree Trial Buy Professional image editing tools that anyone can use. Pixelmator Pro is an image editor designed to make the most powerful professional image editing tools accessible to everyone. And with an extensive collection of tools for editing and retouching photos, creating graphic designs, painting, drawing vector graphics, and adding stunning effects, it’s the only image editor you’ll need. Try for free Buy now What's New in Pixelmator Pro 3.5 Pixelmator Pro 3.5 Flare brings full HDR support that lets you import, edit, and export HDR content, including HDR photos and videos taken with iPhone. You can now seamlessly create designs featuring both SDR and HDR layers, all while maintaining your existing workflows. Learn more Full HDR Support Unlock new creative workflows with full support for opening, editing, and sharing HDR content - including photos and videos captured with iPhone. HDR Layers Edit HDR layers just like any other image or video layer and add them to SDR compositions while preserving the HDR data. Edit HDR Videos Effortlessly edit HDR videos or create stunning moving designs with full HDR video editing support. HDR Support in Shortcuts Instantly edit multiple HDR photos or videos using your existing workflows in the Shortcuts app. What's new in Pixelmator Pro Powerful tools for perfecting your photos. The collection of powerful, nondestructive color adjustments in Pixelmator Pro lets you edit the colors in your photos, or even videos, in any way you want. And with full support for RAW photos, a collection of stunning adjustment presets, and incredible retouching tools, it couldn’t be easier to turn good-looking photos spectacular. Edit the colors in your photos in any way you want. In Pixelmator Pro, you’ll find everything from essential color adjustments like brightness, contrast, and exposure to advanced tools like multi-channel curves and wheel-based color balance. Enhance photos automagically. Many of the most important adjustments can be applied automatically, using a machine learning algorithm trained on 20 million photos. Perfect every detail. Magically remove unwanted objects, clone parts of your photos, lighten or darken precise areas, and do much more. All by using simple brushstrokes to retouch just the areas you want. So all your shots look picture-perfect. Effortless RAW editing. Pixelmator Pro supports RAW photos from over 600 of the most popular digital cameras. What’s more, you can add RAW photos as RAW layers and edit directly without having to convert or preprocess them. View supported RAW formats Make advanced color edits using color adjustments layers. Use color adjustments layers to combine different color adjustments, selectively edit photos with incredible precision, and change the look entire layered compositions with ease. See the full list of adjustments Draw and illustrate with a full collection of vector tools. Pixelmator Pro also comes with a full set of vector tools for creating resolution-independent designs. It includes easily-customizable smart shapes, a large collection of pre-designed shapes, and support for the SVG vector file format. Resolution Independent Vector shapes are resolution-independent, so curves always look smooth and edges always stay sharp, no matter how much you resize each shape or even entire vector designs. SVG Support The SVG vector file format is supported in Pixelmator Pro, so you can open SVG files, edit their shapes and paths, and export while keeping all their vector data. Smart Shapes With a collection of pre-made Smart Shapes, you can quickly add star and various polygon shapes, arrows, speech bubbles, and other shapes to your compositions, then customize them in any way you want. Everything you need to create beautiful designs. Whether you’re working on a design for a poster, a webpage, or a blockbuster app, you’ll make your ideas come to life in Pixelmator Pro. With smart spacing guides, advanced alignment tools, and blazing fast performance, you can harness the full power of layer-based editing. Layer-Based Editing Use simple buildings blocks – shape, text, video, and image layers – to create stunning compositions and designs. Add layers in delightfully quick and simple ways, such as by dragging and dropping them straight into Pixelmator Pro, or using the built-in Photo Browser. The Arrange tool makes it incredibly easy to create designs. It lets you automatically select layers by clicking them on the canvas, intelligently snaps layers into position as you move them around, and even lets you align and distribute layers automatically. Layer Styles Nondestructively customize the look of any layer in your image by adding fills, strokes, and shadows, or any combination of multiple styles. And with presets, you can save your favorite combinations, use them in any of your images, and even share them with others. Create stunning designs like a pro – even if you’re a beginner. Create eye‑catching designs with ease using stunning design templates and see them come to life in beautiful, fully‑customizable mockups. Templates Mockups Create gorgeous paintings with ease. Pixelmator Pro includes a stunning collection of handcrafted dual-texture brushes, full graphics tablet support, and advanced paint blending technologies. A cutting edge painting engine powered by Metal, the advanced graphics acceleration technology created by Apple, delivers incredible performance. Beautiful Brushes Pixelmator Pro includes a stunning collection of over 100 handcrafted, dual texture brushes — choose from a dazzling array of gorgeous paintbrushes, watercolors, markers, pencils, crayons, basic brushes, and more. Pixel Tool Use the Pixel Tool to create awesome pixel art. It automatically lines up each pixel you place on the canvas, no matter how big or small the pixels are. Creating pixel-perfect art couldn’t be simpler. Graphics Tablets With full support for graphics tablets, including support for pressure sensitivity and tilt, you can paint, sketch, and draw just like you would on paper or a real-life canvas. And thanks to Sidecar and Apple Pencil support, you can use your iPad as a graphics tablet, painting with incredible precision using Apple Pencil. Choose a workspace that works for you. Customize the Pixelmator Pro workspace to make it work for you — move the Tools and Layers sidebars wherever you want and completely customize the list of tools. Or choose one of the built-in presets created especially for photographers, designers, painters, and illustrators. Photography Illustration Design Painting Remove the background from any image with just a click. The jaw-dropping, Core ML-powered Remove Background feature removes the background from any image with just a click. Using a combination of machine-learning algorithms, Pixelmator Pro automatically selects the subject, refines the edges of the selection, then removes any traces of the previous background from the object’s edges. Image editing powered by machine learning. To deliver more intelligent image editing, Pixelmator Pro uses machine learning — a technology that allows computers to gain knowledge to perform specific tasks more like a person than a computer. Which enabled us to create features that have never before been possible. ML Enhance Automatically enhance photos like a pro photographer. Learn more Super Resolution Magically increase the resolution of images while preserving sharpness and details. Learn more Match Colors Quickly and easily match the colors and style of any photo. Learn more Denoise Effortlessly remove camera noise and image compression artifacts from photos. Learn more Quick Selection Tool Quickly make accurate selections with ease. Learn more Crop Improve the composition of photos with just a click. Learn more Remove Background Remove the background from any image with just a click. Select Subject Automatically select the subjects of images with ease. Select and Mask Tool Easily make advanced selections of challenging image areas like hair or fur. Magically get rid of unwanted objects. Make small imperfections or even entire objects disappear from your images by painting over them with the Repair Tool. No matter how complex the background, the Repair Tool can make almost any object vanish without a trace. Edit your photos piece by piece. Or combine several photos into one. With a collection of pixel-accurate selection tools powered by state-of-the-art technology, Pixelmator Pro lets you pick out and edit precise parts of your images with ease. So you can apply color adjustments and effects to specific areas. Select and copy objects from one image to another. Or focus all edits on a precise area without affecting the rest of the image. Quick Selection Magnetic Selection Color Selection Basic Selections Thanks to its advanced algorithm, the Quick Selection tool lets you easily select even the most challenging objects and areas with just a few brushstrokes. The Magnetic Selection Tool makes complex selections effortless. Simply trace the edges of any object and watch an accurate selection snap around it automatically. Use the Color Selection Tool to quickly and easily select similarly colored parts of your image. Make rectangular or rounded selections, select rows and columns, draw freehand selections, and more. Easily design great-looking text. Using the powerful Type tools in Pixelmator Pro, you can easily design great-looking text in all your images. Effortlessly create curved text or type along shapes and paths. And use a full set of typography tools to customize text in any way you can imagine. Type on a Path Pixelmator Pro includes a range of intuitive and easy-to-use tools for designing curved and circular text. Use the Circular Type tool to create circular text, the Path Type tool to create path text, or type text around the edges of any default or even custom shape. Typography Features Customize font face, size, and color, adjust emphasis, customize alignment, perfect spacing, add subscript and superscript text, take advantage of advanced typography features such as ligatures, glyphs, and more. SVG Fonts Use multicolored or even textured SVG fonts in your designs. Real-time, nondestructive, blockbuster effects. Pixelmator Pro comes with a collection of over 60 versatile effects that you can mix and combine to develop any artistic or special effects you can imagine. Effects are nondestructive, so you can always edit, rearrange, or remove an effect after applying it. And you can even apply multiple effects to a single layer — seeing all your changes in real time. Over 60 Effects Choose from over 60 effects, carefully arranged into ten groups — Blur, Distortion, Sharpen, Color Adjustments, Tile, Stylize, Halftone, Generator, Fill, and Others. Effects Browser The effects browser makes it incredibly easy to find just the effect you need. Browse effects, search for them by name, see instant previews, and quickly apply effects to your currently selected object. Turn your Photos app into an image editing powerhouse. The Pixelmator Pro editing extension makes the entire Pixelmator Pro app and all its features available right inside Photos. So you can edit using Pixelmator Pro without ever leaving Photos, keeping all your nondestructive edits saved inside your library. Your Photos app is now a full-featured, layer-based image editor. Advanced features for advanced workflows. Pixelmator Pro is designed from the ground up to be easy to use for beginners. But it’s ready to progress with you as you start mastering image editing, so you’ll also find many advanced features like Export for Web, Soft Proofing, support for Adobe Photoshop files, color management, AppleScript, and more. Optimize for Web Soft Proofing Color Management PSD Files See full tech specs Designed and built exclusively for Mac. From its app icon and the way it looks and feels to the technologies it supports, Pixelmator Pro has been designed to be the ultimate Mac app. Enjoy full support for every Mac feature and technology you’d expect — iCloud, Versions, Shortcuts, Sidecar, Apple Pencil, and many others. Universal App iCloud Drive Photos Extension Retina Display Light and Dark Appearance Universal Control Sidecar Apple Pencil Shortcuts AppleScript Versions FaceTime Camera Powered by the latest Mac technologies. The Pixelmator Pro image editing engine is seriously sophisticated and incredibly powerful. It’s designed exclusively to take advantage of the full power of Mac computers, using advanced Mac graphics technologies like Metal and Core Image. Pushing the boundaries of image editing, Pixelmator Pro also includes machine learning-enhanced editing features powered by Core ML. So tools aren’t just blistering fast — they’re whip smart too. Apple Silicon Pixelmator Pro runs natively on Mac devices powered by Apple silicon, taking full advantage of its incredible performance. Metal Using Metal, Pixelmator Pro harnesses the full graphics processing power of every Mac. Core ML The groundbreaking machine learning features in Pixelmator Pro are integrated using Core ML, which brings the best possible ML processing performance on Mac. Built with Swift Swift is a modern programming language built for efficiency, reliability, and top-notch performance. Core Image Core Image greatly speeds up processing images, enabling blazing fast, nondestructive editing. SwiftUI High-performance UI animations are powered by SwiftUI. We know you'll love Pixelmator Pro. But don't take our word for it. Pixelmator Pro has an average worldwide rating of 4.8 stars out of 5 with over 40,000 five-star ratings. It also has a Mac App of the Year award and proudly sports an Editors’ Choice badge on the Mac App Store. We think you’ll love it — and we’re not the only ones. Awarded Mac App of the Year by Apple. Highlighted as an Editors’ Choice on the Mac App Store. Rated 4.8 worldwide with over 46,000 ratings. Received over 40,000 five-star ratings worldwide. White Balance Quickly change the mood of your image by making all the colors warmer or cooler, or use the machine learning-powered White Balance to automatically fix white balance in shots with unwanted color casts. Basic Adjust lightness, contrast, clarity and texture of an image using the Basic adjustment. Lift the shadows and pull in highlights to reveal hidden detail. Adjust Brightness to enhance photos that are a little too bright or too dark. Or use Clarity and Texture adjustments to enhance image details and make subjects in your shots stand out. Selective Clarity Use the Selective Clarity adjustment to subtly enhance fine details in specific areas of an image. Adjust shadows, midtones, or highlights individually, bringing the most important details into focus. Hue & Saturation Shift all the colors in your image along the color spectrum, make colors richer and more brilliant, or adjust their vibrancy. The Hue & Saturation adjustment also features an Auto button that lets you make photos more vivid and vibrant using the power of breakthrough machine learning. Color Balance Change the balance of all the colors in your photo by adjusting the intensity of red, green, blue, cyan, magenta, and yellow. Selective Color The Selective Color adjustment lets you easily adjust precise color ranges in your image, like the blues, yellows, or greens, without affecting any of the others. It features 8 individual color ranges divided according to the color spectrum. Levels Levels is a great adjustment for almost any photo as it’s designed to be both versatile and easy to use. So you can quickly improve the most important aspects of a photo, like the brightness, contrast, and colors, all in one place. Curves The Curves adjustment is one of the most powerful in all of image editing, letting you adjust almost every aspect of the lighting and colors in your shots with an incredible level of depth and precision. Replace Color Use the Replace Color adjustment to replace any color in your image with any other. You can pick both the color you want to replace and its replacement in any way like. For example, using the built-in Color Picker to pick a color directly from your image, or using the native Colors window. Remove Color Remove any color from an image or even video using the Remove Color adjustment. Use the color picker to pick a color and adjust its range, luminance, and intensity for more precision. Fade Wash out the contrasts in your photo to give it a faded look. Black & White Featuring a range of options that help bring out the contrasts, textures, lighting, and shadows in your black-and-whites, the Black & White adjustment lets you create beautiful black and white photography, even from your color photos. Color Monochrome Use the Color Monochrome effect to turn all the colors in your image into shades of a single color. You can also blend the new monochrome with your original image using Intensity. Sepia Instantly give your photo an aged, vintage look by changing all the colors into shades of sepia. Channel Mixer Mix the balance of the red, green, and blue color channels to create intense color effects in your images. Invert The Invert adjustment instantly inverts all the colors in your image in their opposite colors. Custom LUT Transform the look of an image using a LUT file – a color preset created in Pixelmator Pro or another image editing, video, or graphics app. Vignette Add an artistic vignette around photos to create a retro look or draw attention to your subjects. Sharpen The Sharpen adjustment gives you a way to quickly make all the details in your photo clearer by increasing overall sharpness. Grain Add a touch of natural film grain to emulate the look of analog film in your digital photos. Close Pixelmator Pro Available on the Mac App Store for $49.99. Buy now Pixelmator Pro Overview Templates Mockups Buy Free Trial What's New Tutorials FAQ Tech Specs Quick Start Guide User Guide Photomator Overview Buy What's New User Guide Pixelmator for iOS Overview Buy Tech Specs What's New User Guide Pixelmator Team About Us Blog Support Press Kits Pixelmator Pro Photomator Pixelmator for iOS Community Pixelmator Community Youtube Twitter Mastodon Instagram Facebook Subscribe to Our Newsletter Be the first to know about exciting news and updates from the Pixelmator Team. Sign up Pixelmator Team, Copyright © 2024.