Grand Comics Database Search Everything Series Name Series Name & Issue # Creator Name Writer Penciller Inker Colorist Letterer Editor Any Credit Story Title Feature Character Job Number ISBN Barcode Publisher Name Brand Group Name Brand Emblem Name Indicia Publisher Name Sort by Name Date | Advanced Query The Grand Comics Database (GCD) is a nonprofit, internet-based organization of international volunteers dedicated to building an open database covering all printed comics throughout the world. Give our search a try, take a look at the menu to the left to see how you can help us improve the site, or use my.comics.org to track and manage your comic collection. Updates To The Site! (Early 2024) We deployed a different handling of characters from DC and Marvel in recent weeks. We now can record the universe from which a character originates. In the editing workflow this replaces the different character versions. Examples of characters with different universes are: Spider-Man or Batman Additionally one now can add the DC and Marvel in which a story takes place. One then can also see in which universe a character appeared in, or which stories take place in a given universe. Examples are: issues taking place in Marvel : Ultimate - Earth-1610 or characters originating from DC : Earth-Two (Pre-Crisis) Note that the most stories and characters are in the so-called mainstream universe. We do not want to track continuity, the mainstream universe is the at the time of publication standard universe for DC or Marvel, no matter the specific naming or continuity setup. In particular, no retroactive changes to the universe. Essentially, we want to be able to track stories and characters in DC or Marvel universes that are different from the standard universe. In other words, the mainstream universe is the default universe, unless a different universe is specified in the story or for the character. We also added lists for characters, group and universes. covers with a recorded Spider-Man appearance creators who worked on Commissioner James Gordon or series in which Hulk appeared. For publishers we added a list of creators that were published by it, e.g. for Norwegian publisher Hjemmet / Egmont. That is in addition to all the other lists we added in the last year, where for navigation one often can further filter by country, language or publisher. For all of these lists of course even more of our data needs to be migrated from text entries to linked records, or even entered at all. So, if you ever wondered about helping with the content of the database ? Volunteers Wanted For Adding New Comics Each week, a small number of GCD volunteers add listings to our database for the new comics released that week in North America. These are just the basic listings, not full indexes. This makes it easier for other volunteers who upload covers and for indexers, as well as for people using my.comics.org. Each volunteer covers one publisher or a small group of publishers ("D publishers except DC", for example). From public sources such as ComicsList and Diamond Previews online, they add the issues and make note of the prices and a few other details. We are looking for additional volunteers for this weekly task. Follow this link for a description of the process and a list of which publishers are currently covered. GCD Comics Timeline Charles Cridland (b. 1915) 1915 March 5 - 1972 September 29 Cridland was an accountant at the David McKay Company, and the son-in-law of then president Alexander McKay. He became the company Treasurer in the 1940s, and in 1946 he was in charge of McKay's comic book line, which ceased operations by the end of 1949. Raffaele Ienco (b. 1969) 1969 March 5 Raffaele Ienco moved to Canada at age 4. He is best known for writing and drawing "Devoid of Life" the graphic novel from Image Comics (September 2008). He has worked in the video game industry on properties such as Eternal Darkness and Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes. Bob Karp (b. 1911) 1911 March 5 - 1975 August 5 Robert Louis "Bob" Karp was an American comics writer. He began working for the Walt Disney Company in the 1930s, and from 1938 to 1974, he wrote the scripts for the daily Donald Duck newspaper strips which were illustrated by Al Taliaferro and, after Taliaferro's death in 1969, by Frank Grundeen. He also scripted the comic book Donald Duck Finds Pirate Gold based on an unproduced Walt Disney Studio animated feature (drawn by Carl Barks and Jack Hannah).Bob Karp's brothers, Hubie and Lynn, were in the comics field as well. From 1946 to 1950, Bob (writer) and Lynn (illustrator) did the newspaper strip The Middles (reported by Disney comics historian Alberto Becattini to have appeared in Australian newspapers as late as 1955). Howard Pyle (b. 1853) 1853 March 5 - 1911 November 9 Howard Pyle was an American illustrator and author. A native of Wilmington, Delaware, he spent the last year of his life and died in Florence, Italy. A teacher at the Drexel Institute of Art, Science, and Industry, then he founded his own school named the Howard Pyle School of Illustration Art. His principal work is The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood, and his other books frequently have medieval European settings, including a four-volume set on King Arthur. His illustrations of pirates are also well known, and the looks on them has become the modern stereotype of pirate dress. His first novel Otto of the Silver Hand was published in 1888. He also has illustrations on periodicals such as Harper's Magazine and St. Nicholas Magazine. His novel Men of Iron was adapted as the movie The Black Shield of Falworth. Pyle travelled to Florence, Italy to study mural painting, and died there in 1911 of a sudden kidney infection (Bright's disease). Jean Tabary (b. 1930) 1930 March 5 - 2011 August 18 Si Jean Tabary est né le 5 mars 1930 à Stockholm, en Suède, c’est parce que son père, qui fut violoniste solo pendant plus de vingt ans (au théâtre Mogador à Paris), y était en tournée ; et que sa mère accompagnait son mari, enceinte.Passionné par le dessin (Franquin, René Pellos, Erik), Tabary réussit à placer quelques dessins humoristiques dans des journaux comme "Vénus-Appolon", "Marius" ou "Paris-Flirt", entre 1951 et 1959. Pour gagner sa vie, Tabary fut staffeur dans le bâtiment (réalisation puis pose des moulures et autres ornements en plâtre sur les plafonds), figurant à la Comédie Française, ou vendeur de journaux, tout en dessinant les weeks-ends. En 1956, il se décida à se présenter chez l’hebdomadaire "Vaillant", dirigé alors par Roger Lecureux, qui l’embaucha : 10 épisodes des aventures de Richard et Charlie jusqu’en 1963, puis naissance de Totoche en 1959 (parution jusqu’en 1976), de Grabadu et Gabalioutchou (1959-1964), de Corinne et Jeannot (1965-1972). À partir de 1961, Tabary entre au journal "Pilote" (Éditions Dargaud) avec Valentin le Vagabond qui paraîtra régulièrement jusqu’en 1973.En association avec René Goscinny, il anime les aventures du calife Haroun El Poussah dans le magazine "Record" (Éditions de la Bonne Presse, qui deviendront bientôt les Éditions Bayard)), puis, à partir de 1968, dans "Pilote", puis "Le Journal du dimanche" et dans "Circus".À la mort de Goscinny en 1977, Tabary continua seul Iznogoud et en récupéra les droits. Il créa d’abord une première maison d’édition avec Francis Slomka et Michel Lafon en 1978, BD’Star, qui édita le dernier album écrit par René Goscinny : "Je veux être calife à la place du calife". En 1979, il fonda avec Francis Slomka les Éditions de la Séguinière, rebaptisées Éditions Tabary en 1980 après le départ de Slomka : cette maison d’édition a pour projet de rééditer l’ensemble de l’œuvre de Jean Tabary.[Jean Tabary was born on 5 March 1930 in Stockholm, Sweden, because his father, who was a solo violinist for more than twenty years (at the Mogador Theatre in Paris), was on tour there; and his mother who was pregnant accompanied her husband.Passionate about drawing (Franquin, René Pellos, Erik), Tabary managed to place some humorous drawings in magazines like "Venus-Appolon", "Marius" or "Paris-Flirt", between 1951 and 1959. To make a living, Tabary worked as a clerk in the building (making and then laying plaster mouldings and other ornaments on the ceilings), appearing in the Comédie Française, or selling newspapers, while drawing the weeks-end. In 1956, he decided to go to the weekly "Vaillant", then directed by Roger Lecureux, who hired him: 10 episodes of the adventures of Richard and Charlie until 1963, then birth of Totoche in 1959 (publication until 1976), of Grabadu et Gabalioutchou (1959-1964), by Corinne et Jeannot (1965-1972). Starting in 1961, Tabary joined the comic magazine "Pilote" (Éditions Dargaud) with Valentin le Vagabond, which appeared regularly until 1973.In association with René Goscinny, he animated the adventures of Caliph Haroun El Poussah in the magazine "Record" (Éditions de la Bonne Presse, which soon became Éditions Bayard), then, from 1968, in Pilote, then "Le Journal du dimanche" and in "Circus".When Goscinny died in 1977, Tabary alone continued Iznogoud and recovered his rights. He first created a first publishing house with Francis Slomka and Michel Lafon in 1978, BD’Star, which edited the last album written by René Goscinny: Je veux être calife à la place du calife (I want to be a caliph instead of a caliph). In 1979, with Francis Slomka, he founded the Éditions de la Séguinière, renamed Éditions Tabary in 1980 after Slomka’s departure: this publishing house had as a project to reprint the entire work of Jean Tabary.] わだぺん。 (b. 1979) 1979 March 5 Wadapen (わだぺん。) is a manga artist. Known for the series Magatsu Wanashi no Yūshagari (禍つ罠師の勇者狩り), Mimiyori Harmonia (ミミヨリ ハルモニア), Sonshi no Idol Heiho! (孫子のアイドル兵法！), Tokyo Jitensha Shojo (東京自転車少女。) and °C Rikei (℃りけい。). 渡瀬悠宇 (b. 1970) 1970 March 5 Yuu Watase (渡瀬悠宇) is a shojo mangaka. Known for the series Fushigi Yûgi (ふしぎ遊戯), Ceres, Celestial Legend (妖しのセレス / Ayashi no Seresu / The Mystery of Ceres), Arata: The Legend (アラタカンガタリ 〜革神語〜 / Arata Kangatari), Shishunki Miman Okotowari (思春期未満お断り), Appare Jipangu! (天晴じぱんぐ！), Imadoki! (イマドキ!), Alice 19th (ありす19th), Absolute Boyfriend (絶対彼氏。 / Zettai Kareshi) and Sakura-Gari (櫻狩り). Grace Gifford (b. 1888) 1888 March 4 - 1955 December 13 Gifford was an Irish artist and cartoonist who was active in the Republican movement.At the age of 16, Gifford went to the Dublin Metropolitan School of Art, where she studied under the Irish artist William Orpen. In 1907 she attended the course in Fine Art at the Slade School of Art, London.She returned to Dublin in 1908 and, with great difficulty, tried to earn a living as a caricaturist, publishing her cartoons in The Shanachie, Irish Life, Meadowstreet and The Irish Review, which was edited from 1913 by Joseph Plunkett. Plunkett proposed to her in 1915, and they planned to marry the following Easter. He was arrested following the 1916 Rising, and she convinced a priest to marry them a few hours before his execution.Grace Plunkett decided to devote herself through her art to the promotion of Sinn Féin policies and resumed her commercial work to earn a living. She was elected to the Sinn Féin executive in 1917.Following the Civil War, her cartoons were published in various newspapers and magazines, including Dublin Opinion, the Irish Tatler, Sketch, and on one occasion in 1934, Punch. She illustrated W. B. Yeats' The Words upon the Window Pane in 1930. René Vincent (b. 1879) 1879 March 4 - 1936 September 13 French illustrator active in the 1920s and 1930s. Noted for his advertising work, especially on posters, and also as a magazine illustrator. Johann Rudolf Wyss (b. 1781) 1781 March 4 - 1830 March 21 Johann Rudolf Wyss was a Swiss author, writer, and folklorist. He is best known for editing his father's novel "The Swiss Family Robinson" and for texting the Swiss national anthem. How to Help There are several ways in which you can help us to improve our site and its content. You can provide missing data, update existing data, or upload cover scans. Just register an account with us, and you can start contributing. Donate for our ongoing costs, e.g. the server infrastructure. We are a non-profit organization and any funds will be used for our goal of documenting and indexing all comics. We need volunteer web designers and programmers! Please contact the gcd-tech group or visit our technical documentation if you can help with any of these roles: Web designer / front-end developer (HTML / CSS / JavaScript) Python / Django programming ElasticSearch search server Web Services API Database Performance (MySQL) Disclaimer The Grand Comics Database Project (GCD) is a volunteer project with the goal of documenting and indexing all comics for the free use of scholars, historians, researchers, and fans. The GCD acknowledges that the all-encompassing research nature of the project may result in the posting of cover scans for comics with images that some may find objectionable. Viewer discretion is advised. The Grand Comics Database Team About the GCD How to Search How to Help | Tutorial Documentation Wiki Mailing Lists | Contact Us Donate Login email password Forgot password? Register Creators Calendar Useful Links Today's covers Today's changes On-sale this week On-sale this month International statistics by Language by Country Deutsche Startseite Homepage italiana Nederlandse startpagina Svensk startsida my.comics.org Last Updated Issues Doctor Who #8 [Cover A] (IDW)Spécial Strange #102 (Semic S.A.)Il Grande Blek Anni 50 #v9#10 (Casa Editrice Dardo)Doctor Who #11 [Cover RE Newbury Comics Exclusive] (IDW)Doctor Who #11 [Cover B Photo] (IDW) Statistics 16,227 publishers 72,557 creators 200,339 series 2,036,372 issues 189,045 variant issues 446,703 issue indexes 1,201,378 covers 3,873,107 stories Cover thumbnails are used for identification purposes only. All rights to cover images reserved by the respective copyright holders. All portions of the Grand Comics Database™, except where noted otherwise, are copyrighted by the GCD and are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC BY-SA 4.0). This includes but is not necessarily limited to our database schema and data distribution format. The GCD Privacy Policy. The GCD Web Site code is licensed under the GNU General Public License.