Home | Toronto Sun Home Page | Toronto SunSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search torontosun.com Perform search Toronto Sun Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search torontosun.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada Elections World Crime True Crime Weird Money MoneyWise Canada The Logic Technology Tech Essentials Gaming Gadgets Weather Podcasts Opinion Editorials Columnists Editorial Cartoons Letters Send Letter to the Editor Sports Hockey PWHL Toronto Maple Leafs NHL Soccer Toronto FC MLS Baseball Toronto Blue Jays MLB Basketball Toronto Raptors NBA Football Toronto Argonauts CFL NFL Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Olympics Curling Tennis Entertainment Celebrity Movies Music Television TV Listings Horoscopes Life Shopping Essentials Home Living Tech Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Travel Guide Gift Guide Deals Eat Fashion & Beauty Relationships Sex Files Health Healthing Diet & Fitness Homes Travel Travel International Travel USA Travel Canada Ontario Travel Travel Essentials Healthing Driving Auto News Reviews Car Comparison Buyers Guide Remembering Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Working Shopping This Week's Flyers ePaper SUNShine Girls Become a Sunshine Girl Comics Puzzles More Healthing Contests National Contests Special Sections Homes Sections Advice Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Opinion Sports Entertainment Horoscopes Life Healthing Driving Remembering ePaper SUNShine Girls Comics Puzzles Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Home | Toronto Sun Home Page | Toronto SunAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Toronto & GTA 'Common sense' Conservative Jamil Jivani cruises to victory in Durham byelection with Video 109 Comments Toronto & GTA Toronto Maple Leafs Bruins show who's boss in bounce-back win over Maple Leafs with Video 41 Comments Toronto Maple Leafs Toronto & GTA Two dead in UP Express train incident Toronto & GTA Columnists LILLEY: Bernardo and Magnotta live in swank prison due to Liberal move with Video 108 Comments Brian Lilley Columnists Relationships DEAR ABBY: Woman's failing health is wearing down family with Video Relationships Basketball Tanenbaum reportedly pursuing WNBA expansion team without MLSE's help with Video Basketball Toronto & GTA HUNTER: 'Nothing but hatred' for killer who murdered Susan Tice and Erin Gilmour with Video 29 Comments Toronto & GTA Celebrity Porn star's family seeks donations for medical bills after drug overdose with Video 25 Comments Celebrity Toronto & GTA WARMINGTON: Kick out alleged Chilean bandits accused of wild crime spree with Video 18 Comments Toronto & GTA Wrestling NO SUNNY DAYS: WWE Hall of Famer Tammy Sytch dishes on strange requests, sex life in prison Wrestling Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedToronto & GTAWorld Three arrested, four sought in gang rape of travel blogger in India The woman and her husband made the claim in a since-deleted video with Video 30 minutes ago World Report card ranks Ontario elementary schools on reading, writing and math The Fraser Institute’s annual report card on the academic performance of almost 4,000 elementary schools in Ontario released Tuesday finds six of the 13 with the highest rating of “10” are in Toronto. with Video 3 hours ago Ontario Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Toronto home sales up in February from last year as consumers eye rate cuts: TRREB Population growth, a resilient economy and the possible end of rate hikes helped fuel the jump with Video 58 minutes ago Toronto & GTA Students licking toes during school fundraiser sparks probe in Oklahoma An investigation has been launched after footage from a high school fundraising event in Oklahoma appeared to show students sucking and licking one another’s toes last week. with Video 15 hours ago World California man is first in the U.S. to be charged with smuggling greenhouse gases, prosecutors say SAN DIEGO — A Southern California man was arrested Monday on suspicion of smuggling refrigerants into the U.S. from Mexico and federal prosecutors said he’s the first person to be charged with violating regulations intended to curb the use of greenhouse gases that contribute to climate change. 9 hours ago World More news stories > Trending 'Common sense' Conservative Jamil Jivani cruises to victory in Durham byelection SUNshine Girl Vicky SUNshine Girl Marissa Porn star's family seeks donations for medical bills after drug overdose Two dead in UP Express train incident Sunshine Girl Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Toronto. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.OpinionFeaturedColumnistsLetters HAVE YOUR SAY: Answer our daily Toronto Sun poll question Sun Media September 16, 2023 Opinion EDITORIAL: Carbon tax a bust despite ‘rebranding’ The Trudeau government can rebrand its carbon tax anyway it likes, but most Canadians are giving it the thumbs down. with Video 18 Comments Postmedia News 16 hours ago Editorials Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Letters to the Editor, March 5, 2024 A PM FOR THE AGES Postmedia News 12 hours ago Letters LILLEY: Toronto Police Chief Demkiw embarrassed Canada, he needs to resign Chief has let terror-supporting mobs take over the city's streets, Saturday was too much. with Video 305 Comments Brian Lilley 19 hours ago Columnists KINSELLA: Toronto Police should take lesson from NYPD on how to handle mobs TPS has distinguished itself with one thing: Total incompetence with Video 168 Comments Warren Kinsella 22 hours ago Columnists More opinion stories > Around the Network Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.SportsFeaturedMaple LeafsBlue Jays Scottie Barnes has surgery, likely ending Raptors star's season Scottie Barnes underwent surgery to repair a fracture to the third metacarpal bone of his left hand. The surgery was performed by Dr. Steven Shin in Los Angeles, the team said. with Video 12 hours ago Toronto Raptors No more Rain: Former Blue Jays great Josh Donaldson announces retirement Josh Donaldson — the Bringer of Rain and the most recent Blue Jays player to win an American League MVP award — has announced his retirement. 7 Comments 16 hours ago Toronto Blue Jays Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Tavares line, Domi trio at opposite ends for Maple Leafs Maple Leafs coach Sheldon Keefe is getting good, trustworthy hockey out of the John Tavares line. 8 hours ago Toronto Maple Leafs SIMMONS: When you have Matthews, Marner and Nylander, you have no choice but to go all-in When Craig Patrick ran the Pittsburgh Penguins, he once explained to me what it was like to have Mario Lemieux and the rookie Jaromir Jagr on his roster. with Video 20 Comments 19 hours ago Toronto Maple Leafs Raptors lock up local boy Olynyk with reported 2-year, $26.25M deal Kelly Olynyk is staying home for the foreseeable future. with Video 14 hours ago Toronto Raptors More sports stories > weather (Toronto) view complete forecast Epaper Edition View the latest edition Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.EntertainmentFeaturedCelebrityMovies Taylor Swift steals show at Asian summit as Singapore defends exclusive Eras Tour stop MELBOURNE, Australia — Taylor Swift stole the show at an Asian summit Tuesday when Singapore’s leader defended his tiny country’s lucrative concert deal that could cause bad blood with neighbouring nations. with Video 14 minutes ago Music Wheel of Fortune fans howl after contestant loses shot at $1 million – twice 'Who screens these people?' one viewer at home asked with Video 18 hours ago Television Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. What will win at the Oscars? AP’s film writers set their predictions Ahead of the 96th Academy Awards on March 10, Associated Press Film Writers Jake Coyle and Lindsey Bahr share their predictions. with Video 11 hours ago Movies Drake vows to pay off fan's late mother's mortgage: 'This is a lot of money' Grammy winner opens wallet to surprise another concertgoer in need with Video 8 Comments 21 hours ago Celebrity 'Sopranos' star Drea de Matteo calls Hollywood a 'cesspool' after OnlyFans success Actress said platform saved her home after she was unable to pay mortgage with Video 35 Comments 23 hours ago Celebrity More entertainment stories > Contests More Contests > Your Midday SunYour noon-hour look at what's happening in Toronto and beyond.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Your Midday Sun will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LifeFeaturedEatRelationships 2 pops per week enough to cancel heart-health gains from exercise: Study Cover your eyes, pop lovers. with Video 14 hours ago Diet & Fitness Tim Hortons' Roll Up To Win marks chain's 60th anniversary The contest period runs until March 31 with Video 19 hours ago Eat Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Biggest lies people tell on first dates might surprise you First dates can be hit or miss — but what happens when the person you are meeting isn’t truthful about who they are? with Video 1 day ago Relationships DEAR ABBY: Fellow customer expects help at checkout line DEAR ABBY: A while ago, as I was standing in line at the grocery store, a young woman with seven or eight items tied up the checkout process by leaving her groceries on the belt, and then running back to grab something she forgot. It happens. I get it. with Video 7 Comments 1 day ago Relationships SEX FILES: What may be keeping you from being fully present in your relationships Once upon a time I dated a man named Leo, whom I thought I was madly in love with. How else could I explain the fact that I could not stop thinking about him? with Video 6 Comments 1 day ago Sex Files More life stories > News Releases Business Wire Promoted By Business Wire More News Releases > News Releases GlobeNewswire Promoted By GlobeNewswire More News Releases > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Healthing World Obesity Day 2024: Removing stigma, improving access to care and creating a society of acceptance Canadians living with obesity continue to face stigma, discrimination, and a lack of access to care, but the tides are slowly changing. 23 hours ago Obesity Top obesity associations in Canada: Finding the right organization and resources for you Over 25 per cent of Canadians live with obesity, and these five organizations aim to improve their overall quality of life. 23 hours ago Obesity Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. World Obesity Day 2024: 'My hope is that we can drop the judgment and look for solutions’ Five advocates shared their thoughts on what they felt was the most important issue facing the obesity community. 1 day ago Obesity Matters Machado: We need to stop blaming people for their disease No one chooses to be sick, and being made to feel like you are somehow to blame just piles useless baggage onto shoulders already weighed down and overwhelmed. 3 days ago Opinion Hospital gifts for men: Comfort and entertainment for a speedy recovery When the men in our lives face the challenge of recovery in a hospital setting, finding the right way to support them can significantly influence their healing. 3 days ago Health Essentials More healthing stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Driving Hand-built V12-powered 1953 Corvette takes 2024 Ridler "TwelveAir" faced some stiff competition at the Detroit Autorama, but the double-bubble-coupe-roof 'Vette came out on top with Video 1 hour ago Entertainment 'Rust Bros' drive big-block 1968 Chevy from B.C. to Toronto’s Motorama Mike Hall and Avery Shoaf are steering a vintage Chevelle clear across the country—and then plan to head on to Las Vegas with Video 16 hours ago Vintage & Collectible Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. 1947 Delahaye, 1962 Ferrari take Best in Show at Amelia Island Concours The prestigious concours finished out a weekend full of classic-car events at the annual show in Florida with Video 18 hours ago Auto Shows Hyundai's 2025 Ioniq 5 updated, finally adds rear wiper The popular EV is also getting a bigger battery for better range, but exactly how much better that range is, we don't yet know with Video 19 hours ago New Vehicles A frozen Quebec lake is no place for a Lamborghini. Or is it? We got the chance to drift Lamborghini models on ice, including a Huracán Sterrato with Video 2 days ago Speed & Performance More driving stories > Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Sunshine Girls SUNshine Girl Vicky SUNshine Girl Vicky is a 5-foot-2, brown-eyed Virgo who enjoys Zumba, figure skating and jet-skiing. Ms. Vicky also has a heart of gold — she loves to volunteer and getting involved at her church. She’s also the pet mama to her dog Goliath and guinea pig George. (Stan Behal/Toronto Sun) 6 hours ago Sunshine Girls SUNshine Girl Marissa SUNshine Girl Marissa is a model and an aspiring actress. with Video 6 hours ago Sunshine Girls Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. SUNshine Girl Ayla SUNshine Girl Ayla is a 5-foot-6 Pisces who loves spending her downtime working on her nails. But when she’s being active, our brown-eyed girl loves baseball, eating and photography. This aspiring fashion designer’s dream dinner date would be at the CN Tower’s 360 Restaurant. (Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun) 1 day ago Sunshine Girls SUNshine Girl Dee SUNshine Girl Dee may be a petite in size, but she has a huge heart. with Video 1 day ago Sunshine Girls SUNshine Girl Stacey SUNshine Girl Stacey loves to trip the light fantastic, and spend time with her dogs. The 5-foot-4, blue-eyed Leo posed for us in April 2018. (Stan Behal/Toronto Sun) 2 days ago Sunshine Girls More sunshine girls stories > Advertisement 10AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Opinion Sports Entertainment Horoscopes Life Healthing ePaper SubscribeFollow Toronto Sun Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Toronto Sun, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK