Perkins School For The Blind Skip to content Perkins School for the Blind Perkins Access Perkins India CVI Now BlindNewWorld Perkins eLearning Home Perkins School for the Blind Logo Menu We’re hiring! Events Accessibility statement Contact us Search for: What We Do Our Work International Programs Supporting children to learn Making education accessible Equipping adults to teach Educational Leadership Program Perkins International Academy Our global community Howe Innovation Center Perkins Access Perkins Library Apply for access The CVI Center at Perkins CVI Now CVI guide Our school Early Learning Center Lower School Secondary Deafblind Admissions Independent Evaluations Low Vision Clinic School District Services Community Programs Infant–Toddler Program Outreach Short Courses Assistive Device Center Perkins Brailler SMART Brailler Early Connections Conference 2024 Perkins eLearning Courses Perkins publications Accessible science Paths to Technology Transition Center Transition Planning Resource Center College Success Compass Life Launch Navigator Hayes Research Library & Perkins Archives iCanConnect / National Deaf-Blind Equipment Distribution Program Who We Are Our Values Every child can learn Disability inclusion Making a global impact Our Team Officers & Members of the Corporation Our History Visit Perkins FAQ’s Financials Careers at Perkins Get in touch Tanja Milojevic and her guide dog, Nabu. Subscribe to our monthly newsletter #FridayForward explores the world of disabilities and the changemakers who are creating a more accessible world. Subscribe Resources & Stories Resources & Stories Blindness and visual impairment Advocacy At-home help for families Career readiness College readiness CVI Digital accessibility Disability inclusion Helen Keller Orientation & mobility Browse all resources & stories Featured Stories & Resources Webinar Best practices and expert advice: How educators can support college-bound students who are visually impaired Article The Perkins CVI Protocol How to Help Get involved Work at Perkins – We’re hiring! Subscribe to Friday Forward Contact us Ways to support Perkins Gifts in honor or memory Become a monthly donor Annual Leadership Giving Program Host a community fundraiser Become a corporate partner Support our signature events Leave a legacy gift Donate online Your gift can help kids & adults with blindness thrive every day. Donate $50 Donate $100 Donate $250 Donate Other Donate Every child can learn anywhere. Unlocking opportunity. Igniting change. What we’re working on Event logo You made this possible in 2023 We believe every child can learn. Anywhere. Your ongoing support shows us that you agree, so thank you. Learn more about your impact by exploring our 2023 Annual Report. Read the report Play video opens video player in modal dialog We believe every child can learn. We believe all children have great potential, that possibility exists in every challenge and that education is a human right. Every child can learn We demand disability inclusion. We believe all people should be seen, valued, and empowered to make their voices heard. Disability inclusion We believe real change means global change. We believe partnership, collaboration and sustainability are the keys to creating true, lasting change around the world. 100 countries and counting We go where the children are We’re making a difference around the world, evolving our best practices, training teachers and building education systems. Making education accessible Making education accessible Perkins sets standards and builds networks to sustain and strengthen teaching, learning and community life around the world. Equipping adults to teach Equipping adults to teach We work to transform childrens’ futures through the power of teacher training. 100 years of global educational leadership 100 years of global educational leadership Perkins welcomes people from around the world to train to teach children with complex disabilities. Supporting children to learn Supporting children to learn Perkins works to get children the support they need around the world. Perkins India Perkins India Perkins India works to identify children with complex disabilities and connect them to the services they need to thrive. 100 countries Perkins works in almost 100 countries to get children access to highly-trained teachers and accessible education. Because we believe every child can learn. 6 in 10 college students This is how many college students with visual impairments do not obtain a degree. We’re leading the national conversation about college success for kids with disabilities. 1 in 4 people 1 in 4 people have a disability. We consult with business, higher ed, healthcare and other industries to ensure their digital products are accessible to all. Help us make a difference for children and young adults with complex disabilities and visual impairments. How to help Gary Aussant Director, Perkins Access “A lot of people don’t realize how difficult it is for people with disabilities to navigate the digital world. It’s important to me to help our clients truly understand that accessibility really makes a difference to people, and to the world. Because an accessible experience is really a better experience, for every customer. ” Katherine Holland Perkins International “At Perkins, we believe in possibility, this radical view that everyone matters, that every child can learn, and learning is for life. And we have the expertise to make it happen. We’re not bystanders—we act, locally, nationally, and around the world.” Rachel Bennett CVI Now “Raising a child with a different normal means I am building a new world for my son every day. It’s incredible that my personal journey has brought me to Perkins as the Content and Community Manager for CVINow.org. We are building CVI Now into an essential website and a dynamic online community for CVI families.” About Perkins We are the worldwide leader in education services for children and young adults who are blind and visually impaired with multiple disabilities. An international NGO, we are infinitely innovating to solve longstanding and emerging problems facing our communities, our students and our families. This is who we are Play video opens video player in modal dialog Learn more about us Stories & resources Article What inclusive, accessible arts education looks like Playing music, drawing and painting, making tactile sculptures of clay and cardboard — making art accessible helps kids with disabilities in many ways. Perkins Latin America & Caribbean Newsletter Story Shaping the future: Perkins International Academy evolves towards inclusive education Story Why we promote eye health awareness in Indonesia and lessons worth sharing #FridayForward: News from changemakers and innovators around the globe Every month, #FridayForward looks at the unique challenges in the world of disabilities and visual impairment, and the people who are working to solve them. Subscribe today to learn how you can help build a more inclusive, accessible world. #FridayForward First Name Last Name Email SubscribeYes! Send me updates from Perkins School for the Blind. By submitting this form, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Contact Information Your gift matters. Give the gift of opportunity to children who are blind. Donate $50 Donate $100 Donate $250 Donate Other Inquire about Perkins. Our team of admissions counselors is always ready to answer your questions. Contact us Help us build a world where everyone belongs. Donate Home Perkins School for the Blind Logo What We Do International Programs Perkins Library The CVI Center at Perkins Our school Admissions Independent Evaluations School District Services Community Programs Assistive Device Center College Success Perkins Brailler Perkins eLearning Paths to Technology Transition Center Hayes Research Library & Perkins Archives iCanConnect / National Deaf-Blind Equipment Distribution Program Who We Are Our Team Careers at Perkins Visit Perkins Campus map Resources & Stories FAQ’s How to Help 175 North Beacon Street Watertown, MA 02472 Subscribe to Perkins News First name(Required) Last name(Required) Email(Required) Subscribe Yes! Send me updates from Perkins School for the Blind. By submitting this form, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy PolicyNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Perkins School for the Blind © 2024 All rights reservedPrivacy policy Notice of non-discrimination Terms & conditions Sitemap Charity Navigator (opens a new window) Candid (opens a new window) New England Association of Schools and Colleges (opens a new window) Perkins School for the Blind Facebook Page (opens a new window) Perkins School for the Blind Linked In Page (opens a new window) Perkins School for the Blind Twitter Page (opens a new window) Perkins School for the Blind You Tube Page (opens a new window) Perkins School for the Blind Instagram Page (opens a new window) Perkins School for the Blind Pinterest Page (opens a new window)