Homepage | Yale Law School Skip to main content Info For Students Faculty Staff Alumni Search button Search Search Info For Students Faculty Staff Alumni Search button Study of Law Areas of Study Discover your passion Academics Study at YLS Degree ProgramsAreas of StudyCoursesClinical and Experiential Learning Programs and Resources Academic Calendar & ResourcesAlumni & Student ProfilesThe Tsai Leadership Program Library Yale Law LibraryUsing the LibraryResearchCollections Admissions & Financial Aid Virtual Tour Explore our beautiful campus Welcome Apply JD AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsNondiscrimination, Title IX, & Clery Act Statements Financial Aid Financial Aid SupportProspective & Admitted StudentsCurrent StudentsFinancial Aid Forms & FAQs Visit Virtual TourVisit & DirectionsOur School & LocationNew Haven & The Region Our Faculty Faculty News Prominent scholars with broad expertise Read More Our Faculty Faculty DirectoryLecturers & AffiliatesAdjunct & Visiting Professors Scholarship Faculty NewsFaculty ScholarshipInside Yale Law School Podcast Student Life Career Development Find your path Jobseeker Toolkit Resources Office of Student AffairsCareer DevelopmentPrograms & Funding OpportunitiesHealth & Wellness Community Student Journals & OrganizationsCommencementStudent News & Opinion Policies Policies, Resources, & ReportingEquity, Inclusion, & BelongingRights & Duties Centers & Workshops News & Events News & Events News Events Calendar Submit an Event In The Press Media Inquiries Videos Social Media Yale Law Report Yale Law School at 200 Throughout 2024, the School celebrates two centuries of leading the way in legal education. Bicentennial Callouts Grid Meet Our Faculty Faculty Scholarship by Law School faculty breaks new ground and engages with some of the most important questions facing the world today. Meet Our Faculty Explore Our Clinics Clinics Students can begin taking clinics during the spring of their first year. Learn about one of the most robust clinical programs in the country. Explore Our Clinics Stay Connected Alumni Our thriving community of 13,000 alumni are an essential part of Yale Law School. Stay Connected Explore Areas of Study All Areas of Study Explore Areas of Study Constitutional Law The Law School is renowned as a center for scholarship in constitutional law, and prominent scholars are well represented on the School’s faculty. View Constitutional Law Corporate & Commercial Law The Law School offers a strong curriculum in corporate and commercial law as well as joint and doctoral degree programs. View Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Justice Yale Law School offers a rich academic experience studying criminal law through many different lenses. View Criminal Justice Environmental Law Outstanding faculty, new curricular offerings, and strong partnerships are part of our expanded environmental law and policy program. View Environmental Law Human Rights Law A diverse program of human rights activities that serve students and scholars at Yale and contribute to the development of human rights. View Human Rights Law International Law The Law School’s longstanding international tradition occupies a central place in its intellectual life. View International Law IT & Media Law Information Society Project (ISP) is an intellectual center addressing the implications of the Internet and new technologies. View IT & Media Law Law & Economics The Law School is at the heart of a movement to expand the once-narrow field of law and economics. View Law & Economics Law & Health Examining how law and policy affect individual and public health, the health care industry, and health governance. View Law & Health Law Teaching Our Law Teaching Program provides current students and post-graduate fellows with training and information about careers in academia. View Law Teaching Legal History The history of law offers indispensable insights into the character of our legal systems. View Legal History Public Interest Law Yale Law School has a strong tradition of service in the public interest. Most YLS students perform public service activities during their time here. View Public Interest Law More Areas of Interest News All News Judge J. Michael Luttig Kicks Off Crossing Divides Spring Series The Ronnie F. Heyman ’72 Crossing Divides Program hosted Judge J. Michael Luttig in conversation with Dean and Sol & Lillian Professor Heather K. Gerken on Feb. 20. Judge J. Michael Luttig Kicks Off Crossing Divides Spring Series Yale Law Team Wins First Place in Immigration Moot Court Competition Yale Law Team Wins First Place in Immigration Moot Court Competition Professor Owen M. Fiss on the Importance of Voting Professor Owen M. Fiss on the Importance of Voting Hurst Horizon Scholarship Gives Students Freedom in Law School and Beyond Hurst Horizon Scholarship Gives Students Freedom in Law School and Beyond Historical Profile: Rev. Dr. Pauli Murray ’65 JSD Historical Profile: Rev. Dr. Pauli Murray ’65 JSD Events All Events Mar 5 Seminar in Private Law: Globalization and Deglobalization 12:00PM - 2:00PM Seminar in Private Law: Globalization and Deglobalization Mar 5 The Extended Self: Legal Persons and Information Rights with Mala Chatterjee, Columbia Law 12:05PM - 1:30PM The Extended Self: Legal Persons and Information Rights with Mala Chatterjee, Columbia Law Mar 5 Women in Litigation Panel 12:10PM - 1:00PM Women in Litigation Panel Mar 5 Collegiality at the Courthouse: A Conversation with Chief Judge James E. Boasberg and Judge Dabney L. Friedirch 12:10PM - 1:15PM Collegiality at the Courthouse: A Conversation with Chief Judge James E. Boasberg and Judge Dabney L. Friedirch Mar 5 Online Child Protection Law in China and the United States 12:10PM - 1:00PM Online Child Protection Law in China and the United States Mar 5 Lawyering on Behalf of Baltimore City Public Schools: From Equitable Financing to School Discipline Reform 12:10PM - 1:00PM Lawyering on Behalf of Baltimore City Public Schools: From Equitable Financing to School Discipline Reform Yale Law School at 200 A Pioneering Force in Legal Education What started as a tiny school by necessity remains small by design to this day. We ensure the next generation of lawyers and leaders step into the world with bold ideas, diverse perspectives, and limitless energy to tackle the pressing challenges they face. Yale Law School at 200 Guido Calabresi '58 on His Life and Legacy Beloved professor, former dean, and alumnus, Guido speaks poignantly about his decades at the Law School. Connect With Us Applications are open! The Yale Law School Launchpad Scholars Program, powered by @lathamwatkins, provides aspiring law students with the tools and preparation... Judge J. Michael Luttig and Dean Heather K. Gerken kicked off the spring Crossing Divides series with a conversation on working across ideological lines to... A team of first-year Yale Law School students with no previous mock trial experience placed second at the Northeastern Black Law Students Association (NEBLSA)... Congratulations to Professor Harold Hongju Koh, who will receive an honorary degree from the University of Toronto this year. Congratulations to Professor Harold Hongju Koh, who will receive an honorary degree from the University of Toronto this year. Follow twitter instagram linkedin facebook Vimeo youtube Giving Contact About Us Virtual Tour 127 Wall Street New Haven, CT 06511 203.432.4992 News Events Media Contacts Offices & Services Law Library Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Emergency Info Yale Directory Yale University Homepage © Yale Law School Contact Webmaster Web Accessibility Privacy Policy This website is supported by the Oscar M. Ruebhausen Fund at Yale Law School Twitter Footer Icon Instagram Footer Icon LinkedIn Footer Icon Facebook Footer Icon Vimeo Footer Icon YouTube Footer Icon