Institute for the Study of War Skip to main content Search form Search Home Who We Are Research Publications Get Involved Planned Giving Donate The Russian Winter-Spring 2024 Offensive Operation on the Kharkiv-Luhansk Axis By Riley Bailey and Frederick W. Kagan with Nicole Wolkov and Christina Harward The Kremlin's Occupation Playbook: Coerced Russification and Ethnic Cleansing in Occupied Ukraine By Karolina Hird Fact Sheet: US Assistance to Ukraine This fact sheet delineates the distinctions between claims and verifiable facts regarding United States military assistance to Ukraine. The High Price of Losing Ukraine By Frederick W. Kagan, Kateryna Stepanenko, Mitchell Belcher, Noel Mikkelsen, and Thomas Bergeron The High Price of Losing Ukraine: Part 2 By Nataliya Bugayova Latest from ISW Iran Update, March 4, 2024 Mar 4, 2024 - ISW Press Iran reportedly requested Sudanese permission to establish a permanent naval base on the Red Sea coast, which would support Iranian out-of-area naval operations and attacks on international shipping. The Iranian request to establish a naval base in Sudan is part of growing military cooperation between the two countries. Western media previously reported in January that Iran had recently supplied the Sudanese Armed Forces with Mohajer-6 multirole drones. The Iranian effort to establish a naval base likely reflects how Tehran views its defense exports as a means of facilitating the expansion of its overall military influence abroad. Read more about Iran Update, March 4, 2024 Russian Offensive Campaign Assessment, March 4, 2024 Mar 4, 2024 - ISW Press Russian Security Council Deputy Chairperson Dmitry Medvedev promoted Russia’s extensive territorial objectives that expand deep into Ukraine’s territory. Medvedev gave a lecture on March 4 called “Geographical and Strategic Borders” at the Russian World Youth Festival, a Kremlin-organized event that includes attendees from more than 100 foreign countries, during which he claimed that “Ukraine is, of course, Russia.” Russian forces currently occupy the east (left) bank of Kherson Oblast, but Medvedev defined all the territories on the left bank of the Dnipro River and many territories on the right bank of the Dnipro River as “integral” to Russia’s “strategic historical borders.” Russian forces currently do not occupy any territory in right-bank Ukraine. Read more about Russian Offensive Campaign Assessment, March 4, 2024 Iran Update, March 3, 2024 Mar 3, 2024 - ISW Press The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) concluded a two-week long operation in Zaytoun neighborhood, southeastern Gaza City on March 3. Israel launched the operation on February 20 to re-clear Hamas fighters from Zaytoun. Palestinian militias sustained a high attack rate targeting Israeli forces throughout the operation and likely infiltrated the area from uncleared areas in the central Gaza Strip. The IDF reported on March 3 that its 162nd Division killed over 100 fighters and destroyed Hamas- and Palestinian Islamic Jihad-affiliated military sites. Read more about Iran Update, March 3, 2024 Russian Offensive Campaign Assessment, March 3, 2024 Mar 3, 2024 - ISW Press China and Turkey continue to pursue their own negotiation platforms for a settlement in Ukraine, which the Kremlin is exploiting to further its own information operations aimed at discouraging continued international support for Ukraine. Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Galuzin and Chinese Special Representative for Eurasian Affairs Li Hiu met in Moscow on March 2 to discuss China’s desire to facilitate peace negotiations between Russia and Ukraine. Galuzin and Li noted that it is “impossible” to discuss a settlement in Ukraine without Russia’s participation and without “taking into account [Russia’s] interests in the security sphere.” Read more about Russian Offensive Campaign Assessment, March 3, 2024 Iran Update, March 2, 2024 Mar 2, 2024 - ISW Press The United States airdropped humanitarian aid into the Gaza Strip for the first time on March 2. US Central Command (CENTCOM) and the Jordanian Air Force delivered 38,000 meals along the coastline of the Gaza Strip. US President Joe Biden said on March 1 that the "aid flowing to Gaza is nowhere [near] enough.” An unspecified US official told Axios that he expected more airdrops to take place in the coming days. Read more about Iran Update, March 2, 2024 Russian Offensive Campaign Assessment, March 2, 2024 Mar 2, 2024 - ISW Press Russian forces appear to be willing to risk continued aviation losses in pursuit of tactical gains in eastern Ukraine, likely along the Avdiivka-Donetsk City line. The Ukrainian Air Force reported on March 2 that Ukrainian forces destroyed one Su-34 aircraft that was conducting glide bomb strikes against Ukrainian positions in eastern Ukraine on the morning of March 1. Ukrainian Air Force Commander Lieutenant General Mykola Oleshchuk later stated that Ukrainian forces attempted to down two additional Russian Su-34 aircraft and one Su-35 and downed one of the Su-34 aircraft. Read more about Russian Offensive Campaign Assessment, March 2, 2024 Support ISW Your support makes our work possible, and helps spread a better understanding of current conflicts and emerging threats. DONATE TO ISW Fact Sheet: US Assistance to UKR Fact Sheet: The Kremlin's Occupation Playbook Featured Report Ukraine Conflict Updates Aug 15, 2022 This page collects ISW and CTP's updates on the conflict in Ukraine. In late February 2022, ISW began publishing daily synthetic products covering key events related to renewed Russian aggression against Ukraine. Israel–Hamas War (Iran Updates) China–Taiwan Weekly Updates The ISW Briefing Room 1400 16th Street NW, Suite 515 Washington, DC 20036 ph (202) 293-5550©2007 – 2024 THE INSTITUTE FOR THE STUDY OF WAR