Penn Today Skip to main content Open Search Bar Close Search Penn Today Logo Open Navigation Menu Arts, Humanities, & Social Sciences Sports Campus & Community Education, Business, & Law Health Sciences Science & Technology Search Search Icon Topics Arts, Humanities, & Social Sciences Sports Campus & Community Education, Business, & Law Health Sciences Science & Technology News News Archive Penn in the News Newsletters Announcements University Communications Staff University Communications website Penn Home A-Z Directory Calendar Maps Offices and Services Webmail EventsSee all → 3/11 Financial Wellness Peer Counseling The Penn Graduate Student Center partners with Financial Wellness @ Penn to offer free financial support and guidance for graduate students. Students can meet with trained peer advisors about budgets and financial goals. 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Penn Graduate Student Center, 3615 Locust Walk Through 3/14 History of Black Print The Van Pelt-Dietrich Library presents this series of three lectures, featuring Elizabeth McHenry, a professor in the English Department at New York University, to explore areas of Black print culture studies: the business of printing, the history of Black printers, and the extension of African American literary and print culture. All Day Hybrid; Van Pelt-Dietrich Library, 3420 Walnut St. and Virtual 3/13 Design and Energy Transition The Weitzman School of Design hosts this panel discussion about energy-efficient design of the built environment. Four Weitzman faculty members are joined by Hélène Pilorgé, an expert in carbon capture and a research associate at Penn Engineering's Clean Energy Lab. 12:00 p.m. Meyerson Hall, 210 S. 34th St. 3/13 Hearing Happiness The Barbara Bates Center for the Study of the History of Nursing hosts this seminar on on disability, Deafness, and medical technologies with Jaipreet Virdi, the author of “Hearing Happiness: Deafness Cures in History.” 4:00 p.m. - 5:30 p.m. Hybrid; Van Pelt-Dietrich Library Center, 3420 Walnut St. and Virtual Close Open Search Bar Close Search Penn Today Logo Open Navigation Menu Search Search Icon In Japan, teaching a multitude of creative anthropology practices Penn anthropologists in the Center for Experimental Ethnography led workshops at Ritsumeikan University on performance, film, mapping, sound, and collaging. ‘Ladysitting’ on stage Men’s squash team wins national championship Imagining a sustainable future in Southern Greenland When do stereotypes undermine indirect reciprocity? How AI tools can help assess verbal eyewitness statements One-on-one with Jordan Obi Penn Trustees approve 2024-2025 undergraduate charges and financial aid budget The role of history in how efficient color names evolve New molecules, inspired by space shuttles, advance lipid nanoparticle delivery for weight control EVENTS → NEWS ARCHIVES → The Latest New guideline on acute dental pain management In collaboration with the American Dental Association and University of Pittsburgh, Penn’s School of Dental Medicine has issued a new guideline for managing acute dental pain in adolescents, adults, and older adults. Nathi Magubane ・February 28, 2024 ‘The Illuminated Body’ fuses color, light, and sound A new Arthur Ross Gallery exhibition of work by artist Barbara Earl Thomas features cut-paper portraits reminiscent of stained glass and an immersive installation constructed with intricately cut material lit from behind. Louisa Shepard ・February 26, 2024 The soils beneath the solar fields How do solar farms impact soil health? It’s a question that master’s student Hannah Winn is exploring at the central Pennsylvania site where solar energy production is helping Penn progress toward carbon neutrality. Katherine Unger Baillie ・February 26, 2024 ‘From the Freedom Rides to neuroscience’ In conversation with Professor of Practice Ben Jealous, neuroscience professor Peter Sterling returned to campus to talk about activism in his youth and how that informed his research in health. Erica Moser ・February 23, 2024 Penn 2022 graduate awarded a Thomas R. Pickering Graduate Fellowship Jade Gonzalez, a 2022 Penn graduate, has been selected as a 2024 Thomas R. Pickering Graduate Fellow and will receive funding for a two-year master’s degree and path to a career in the U.S. Foreign Service. Louisa Shepard ・February 23, 2024 Inside Penn Penn Medicine researchers receive $2.1 million grant to fund long COVID research From Penn Medicine News Penn4C announces awardees for community-led partnership grants From Penn Nursing News In their own words: Charles R. Wright, Klaus Krippendorff, and Monroe Price From Annenberg School for Communication Three Penn Medicine hospitals receive 2024 HAP Achievement Awards From Penn Medicine News Introducing Penn Medicine Healthy Heart: A personal companion to heart health From Penn Medicine News More From Inside Penn → Upcoming Events See all → 3/11 Financial Wellness Peer Counseling The Penn Graduate Student Center partners with Financial Wellness @ Penn to offer free financial support and guidance for graduate students. Students can meet with trained peer advisors about budgets and financial goals. 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. Penn Graduate Student Center, 3615 Locust Walk 3/11 History of Black Print The Van Pelt-Dietrich Library presents this series of three lectures, featuring Elizabeth McHenry, a professor in the English Department at New York University, to explore areas of Black print culture studies: the business of printing, the history of Black printers, and the extension of African American literary and print culture. All Day Hybrid; Van Pelt-Dietrich Library, 3420 Walnut St. and Virtual Multimedia Gallery Break the ice Penn’s campus was in all its glory with a snowy start to the spring semester. SEE MORE → 01/07 Health Sciences Helping Black families to grow and thrive Science & Technology Once a spy satellite, now a telescope with an eye on the cosmos Campus & Community 25 years of ‘LOVE’ Featured /> Arts, Humanities, & Social Sciences In hot water: Coral resilience in the face of climate change Over a decade, researchers from Penn studied coral species in Hawaii to better understand their adaptability to the effects of climate change. Big Ideas Climate Change Coronavirus Research Bioengineering Political Science Arts, Humanities, & Social Sciences COP28 takeaways Perry World House Fellows and Advisors Lolita Jackson, Stephen Hammer, and Wolfgang Blau offered their insights from the conference in a discussion last week, moderated by Perry World House Interim Director Michael Weisberg. Science & Technology Climate change and atmospheric dynamics unveil future weather extremes A collaborative team of researchers led by Michael Mann of the School of Arts & Sciences have found the interplay of natural systems and human-induced climate change are setting the stage for more frequent and severe weather events. Science & Technology A path to achieve a net-zero greenhouse gas economy A new report co-authored by scientists at Penn’s Kleinman Center and Penn Engineering charts a path for the U.S. to achieve a net-zero greenhouse gas economy by 2050. Science & Technology In hot water: Coral resilience in the face of climate change Over a decade, researchers from Penn studied coral species in Hawaii to better understand their adaptability to the effects of climate change. Science & Technology Researchers find many ‘natural’ and COVID-19 deaths likely related New study led by Penn and Boston University provides the most compelling data yet to suggest excess mortality rates from chronic illnesses and other natural causes were driven by COVID-19 infections. Science & Technology Researchers breathe new life into lung repair A collaborative effort from teams across Penn culminates in new techniques to repair lung tissue after damage from flu and COVID-19. Health Sciences COVID-19 vaccine is strongly effective for children and adolescents during delta and omicron A health record analysis shows that the risk of infection and severe illness is significantly lower for those who are vaccinated, and cardiac conditions do not increase. Arts, Humanities, & Social Sciences Over a third of Americans worry about getting the flu, RSV, or COVID-19 American adults are worried they or loved ones will succumb to the ‘tripledemic’ illnesses in the next three months, according to a new health survey from the Annenberg Public Policy Center. Science & Technology ‘Switchable’ bispecific antibodies pave way for safer cancer treatment Immunotherapy utilizing an FDA-approved drug has enabled Penn researchers to develop a novel switchable bispecific T cell engager that mitigates negative outcomes of immunotherapy. Science & Technology Illuminating the invisible: Bringing the smallest protein clusters into focus Penn engineers are opening new avenues for detecting the proteins implicated in diseases like Alzheimer’s and testing new treatments. Science & Technology Noor Momin harnesses the immune system to treat heart disease The Stephenson Foundation Term Assistant Professor of Innovation and her lab members work to engineer nanoparticles as medicinal vehicles to fit directly into a single cell. Science & Technology Bioengineers on the brink of breaching blood-brain barrier A team of researchers in the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences has devised a method to deliver mRNA into the brain using lipid nanoparticles, potentially advancing treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and seizures. Education, Business, & Law The Supreme Court arguments on social media laws Justin (Gus) Hurwitz, academic director at the Center for Technology, Innovation & Competition at Penn Carey Law, discusses the pair of cases and the consequential ramifications of a ruling. Arts, Humanities, & Social Sciences Finding new ways to evaluate voters’ beliefs In his dissertation research, joint communication and political science doctoral student Nicholas Dias searches for new ways to gauge voter competency. Arts, Humanities, & Social Sciences Alexei Navalny’s death and legacy Three experts from around the University share their thoughts on what Navalny’s death means for the opposition movement, for Putin’s grip on power, and for Russia going forward. Campus & Community Lech Wałęsa on the state of democracy The former Polish president and Nobel Peace Prize laureate had a wide-ranging chat with Philadelphia Inquirer columnist and Perry World House Visiting Fellow Trudy Rubin, tackling topics like Russia, Ukraine, and how to build democracies. Penn in the NewsSee all → Philadelphia Inquirer A burial for 19 Black Philadelphians, 200 years in the making Penn Museum Director Christopher Woods says that the interment of 19 Black Philadelphians at Eden Cemetery represents a reckoning with the Museum’s colonial past and an act of reconciliation with the local community. FULL STORY → MarketWatch Why Amazon and Uber investors might wish those stocks weren’t joining Dow indexes A study by Jeremy Siegel and Jeremy Schwartz of the Wharton School found that stocks deleted from the S&P 500 outperformed their replacements on average. FULL STORY → The New York Times Can your personal medical devices be recycled? A lab at the School of Engineering and Applied Science led the development of a COVID test made from bacterial cellulose, an organic compound. FULL STORY → The Washington Post I used AI work tools to do my job. Here’s how it went Ethan Mollick of the Wharton School says that AI hallucinates and makes up details when applied to work. FULL STORY → Christian Science Monitor Meet Sora: AI-created videos test public trust Kathleen Hall Jamieson of the Annenberg Public Policy Center says that AI video-creation can manipulate images in ways that make them seem more real than the original artifacts. FULL STORY → Chronicle of Higher Education AI will shake up higher ed. Are colleges ready? Ethan Mollick of the Wharton School says that GenAI tools like ChatGPT-4 could make learning more equitable by providing services such as personalized tutoring. FULL STORY → Philadelphia Inquirer Penn Medicine had steady financial results in first half of fiscal 2024 Penn Medicine reported a small increase in profitability in the six months ending Dec. 31, with remarks from Keith Kasper. FULL STORY → Jerusalem Post Early humans had ADHD, scientists say after making people play game online A collaborative study by researchers from Penn suggests that the impulsive component of ADHD may provide a competitive advantage to learn from rivals and “catch” new methods of achievement. FULL STORY → Forbes Larry Fink’s anti-‘woke’ critics confront a force more powerful than politics Jill E. Fisch of Penn Carey Law says that it’s legal to invest according to values but only with a mandate to do so and with proper disclosure. FULL STORY → Las Vegas Review-Journal Ranked ‘avoid’: Ranked choice voting increases ballot errors A study from Penn found that votes in ranked-choice races are nearly 10 times more likely to be rejected due to an improper mark than votes in non-ranked choice races. FULL STORY → Get Penn Today delivered straight to your inbox. Newsletter Email Penn Today Logo logo-new-2 If there’s news at Penn, you’ll find it here. We strive to bring you faculty, staff, and student profiles, research updates, and the latest happenings on campus. Office of University Communications Suite 200 3901 Walnut Street Philadelphia, PA 19104-3608 215.898.8721 upnews@pobox.upenn.edu Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Flickr YouTube © 2024 Penn Today, University of Pennsylvania Penn Homepage Disclaimer Emergency Services Privacy Policy Report Accessibility Issues and Get Help Report Copyright Infringement