Electoral Reform Society – ERS – The Electoral Reform Society is an independent organisation leading the campaign for your democratic rights. Skip to content ERS Scotland ERS N.Ireland ERS Cymru I'm looking for... Search for: Search Who We Are Our Team What We Stand For How we’re creating change Governance and Performance Work at the ERS Contact Us Voting Systems Types of Voting System Single Transferable Vote First Past the Post Campaigns Electoral Reform in Westminster Replace the House of Lords England’s Local Democracy Extending the voting age to 16 Voter ID Take Action Add Your Name Write to Your Representative Support the Society Membership Make a Donation Events Subscribe to Latest News Our Achievements Latest News and Research News and Comment Press Office Publications Parliamentary Briefings Cymraeg Menu Menu Search Who We Are Our Team What We Stand For How we’re creating change Governance and Performance Work at the ERS Contact Us Voting Systems Types of Voting System Single Transferable Vote First Past the Post Campaigns Electoral Reform in Westminster Replace the House of Lords England’s Local Democracy Extending the voting age to 16 Voter ID Take Action Add Your Name Write to Your Representative Support the Society Membership Make a Donation Events Subscribe to Latest News Our Achievements Latest News and Research News and Comment Press Office Publications Parliamentary Briefings Cymraeg ERS Scotland ERS N.Ireland ERS Cymru An estimated 7.6 million voters are missing The simplest way to ensure those eligible to vote are enrolled on the register would be a move to Automatic Voter Registration Find out more > What we do We campaign for your democratic rights and a democracy fit for the 21st century. We work across the political divide with all the parties and civil society to put voters at the heart of British politics. What we stand for > How we're creating change > Our campaigns Electoral Reform in Westminster The way we elect our MPs is bad for voters, bad for governance and bad for democracy. Read more > England’s Local Democracy Voters in England are being let down by their local democracy. Read more > Replace the House of Lords It’s time to end this rotten system of patronage and replace the unelected Lords with a smaller elected chamber, where the people of this country – not former prime ministers – choose who shape the laws we all live under. Read more > Latest news Vote splitting trick won’t work with Scotland’s Single Transferable Vote ERS Scotland Posted 04 Mar 2024 ERS Scotland make the case for democratic reform at Scottish Labour conference Electoral Reform Posted 20 Feb 2024 A future Labour government would be right to use Citizens’ Assemblies Citizens' Assemblies Posted 19 Feb 2024 Read the latest news and commentary > Proportional representation in action Most democracies around the world use fair, proportional voting systems Which European countries use proportional representation? Electoral Reform Posted 26 Dec 2018 New Zealand’s MMP electoral system: how does it work? Electoral Reform Posted 14 Oct 2020 Does Ireland use proportional representation? Electoral Reform Posted 11 Dec 2018 More about voting systems > You can take action today Become a member Join us today > 2019 General Election Explore the results > Subscribe to the ERS Sign up > We need you on board to help make sure every voice is heard Join our newsletter > About the Electoral Reform Society The Electoral Reform Society (ERS) is an independent, non-partisan organisation leading the campaign for your democratic rights. Join the ERS Take your place among the ERS Members who support our work in parliament, in the press and online – for how we can fix Westminster's broken system. Join the ERS today > Join us online Facebook Twitter / X Instagram YouTube Accessibility Privacy & Cookies Contact Us Press Office A company limited by guarantee. registered in London, no. 958404. All content © 2017 Electoral Reform Society Website by Reason Digital