In These Times Skip to content In These Times menu Popular Recent Politics Labor Opinion Israel & Palestine Investigations Culture Rural America Magazine Podcasts Subscribe Donate © 2024 by the Institute for Public Affairs (EIN: 94-2889692) About Subscribe Donate search close Politics Labor Investigations Opinion Israel & Palestine LaborViewpoint The Most Important Labor Story Right Now Is in Minnesota—It Might Be the Model We All Need A strategic alignment of major networks of unions and community groups in Minnesota have worked together for more than a decade to leverage their collective power. Sarah Jaffe Labor How Workers Brought Starbucks to the Bargaining Table This week, Starbucks and Workers United announced that they’d reached “a constructive path forward” on the future of organizing and collective bargaining at the company. Natascha Elena Uhlmann Labor Minnesota’s Labor Week of Action Should Have Bosses Trembling A coalition of unions and community groups are uniting to build worker power and win community demands in what's being hailed as a model for social movement unionism. Amie Stager Viewpoint Complicity in Genocide—The Case Against the Biden Administration Israel’s mass bombardment of civilians in Gaza is being facilitated, aided and abetted by the United States government. Azadeh Shahshahani and Sofía Verónica Montez Latest Stories The Era of Abundant Labor Reporting Is Coming to an End Either the labor movement will support journalism, or the good times are finished. Hamilton Nolan "The poem refuses to be a good worker" Antonio Salazar and José Olivarez Thomas Friedman Is a Dinosaur, and a New World Is Here "Ultimately, Friedman’s latest op-ed isn’t really a criticism of Israel’s actions—it’s a plea that Israel please, please make sure people don’t think badly of its actions." Yasmin Nair ISRAEL & PALESTINE Israel & Palestine “Unprecedented” Loophole Would Obscure Arms Sales to Israel The measure, which is moving forward in Congress, effectively gives Israel a check to purchase $3.5 billion in arms in complete secrecy. Janet Abou-Elias, Lillian Mauldin, Mekedas Belayneh, Rosie Khan, Liv Owens and Women for Weapons Trade Transparency ViewpointIsrael & Palestine “I Am Done Voting for the Lesser of Two Evils. I Will Not Vote for Joe Biden in 2024.” Saqib Bhatti LaborViewpointIsrael & Palestine Starbucks Is Exploiting the Violence in Gaza and Israel to Attack Its Union Lynne Fox GET YOUR COPY This limited-edition special issue is still available. BUY IT NOW ViewpointInterview Is Biden Letting Republicans Set the Terms of the Immigration Debate? “We have given into the Republican narrative in such a way that we’re beginning to sound like them”: A roundtable discussion with Rep. Delia Ramirez, Heba Gowayed, Victor Narro and Carlos Rojas Rodriguez Natascha Elena Uhlmann ViewpointInterviewEn Español ¿Está Permitiendo Biden Que Los Republicanos Fijen Los Términos Del Debate Sobre Inmigración? Natascha Elena Uhlmann LaborViewpoint The War on Gaza Is a Labor Issue Paul Stauffer Rural America How To Privatize a Mountain Joseph Bullington Investigative Report FeatureInvestigationGoodman Institute What It's Like to Have an Abortion Denied by Dobbs Dobbs will throw many lives into disarray. Lationna Halbert’s is one of the first. Bryce Covert FeatureInvestigationGoodman Institute More Than a Year After Mississippi Forced Her To Give Birth, It Still Hasn’t Offered Any Extra Help Since we first profiled her, Lationna has returned to work, her son Kingsley is crawling—and the family is still just treading water. Bryce Covert Working In These Times Labor Will the Clean Energy Auto Economy Be Built on Factory Floors Riddled With Toxic Chemicals and Safety Hazards? Luis Feliz Leon LaborInterviewPodcast As Norfolk Southern Reports Billions in Earnings, East Palestine Residents Wait for Justice One year after the Norfolk Southern derailment, families are still struggling to relocate, find work, and access medical care. Maximillian Alvarez Labor A First Contract Is Finally in Sight for Unionized Starbucks Workers After a grueling campaign, Starbucks Workers United and the company announced a major breakthrough this week that’s being hailed as “a very, very big deal.” Saurav Sarkar Podcasts Podcast Working People Maximillian Alvarez Most Popular The Most Important Labor Story Right Now Is in Minnesota—It Might Be the Model We All Need "If I Must Die," A Poem by Refaat Alareer Thomas Friedman Is a Dinosaur, and a New World Is Here The ADL Wants to Conflate Critiques of Israel with Antisemitism. That Won’t Make Jews Safer. Supporting Palestinian Rights Used To Be Considered Far Left. Now It’s Mainstream. Complicity in Genocide—The Case Against the Biden Administration Culture Letters From Gaza “I yearn for our voices to echo across the globe with the truth, reaching out to those who seek it.” Sherell Barbee CultureIsrael & Palestine Heba Zagout, We Will Not Forget You Aya Ghanameh DispatchCulture Striking a Chord for Change: The Poor People’s Campaign for Revolution Natascha Elena Uhlmann Rural America In These Times Don't Pave Paradise A West Virginia community rallied to stave off the destruction of Cacapon Resort State Park by private developers. Will it last? Ellie Heffernan ViewpointRural America Louisiana’s Prison System—Brought to You by Big Oil Lydia Pelot-Hobbs Rural America How Deregulation Is Helping Turn Eastern Oklahoma into a Factory Farm Sacrifice Zone Ben Felder LATEST ISSUES March 2024 January/February 2024 December 2023 Sign up for our weekend newsletter A weekly digest of the best of our coverage In These Times Our staff and writers are represented by these unions: facebook twitter “ No political movement can be healthy unless it has its own press to inform it, educate it and orient it. ” —IN THESE TIMES FOUNDER JAMES WEINSTEIN About Who We Are Investigative Institute Past Issues Privacy Policy Support Donate Become a Sustainer Bequests Advertise Subscribe Magazine Subscriptions Gift Subscriptions Customer Service Podcasts Contact Submissions Jobs Internships Reprint Requests Press Inquiries Contact Us As a reader-supported 501(c)3 nonprofit, In These Times does not oppose or endorse candidates for political office. Copyright © 2024 by the Institute for Public Affairs (EIN: 94-2889692)