Circle | USDC & Web3 Services for a new financial system USDC About USDC The regulated and fully reserved US dollar stablecoin Transparency USDC reserve management Supported blockchains Multi-chain USDC Read the 2024 Report State of the USDC Economy Solutions Cross-border payments Reach more markets at a lower cost Global dollar access Provide stable value where it’s needed globally Case studies See how businesses use Circle solutions Products Stablecoins USDC Access the US dollar stablecoin EURC Access the euro stablecoin Mint Convert local currency to USDC and EURC Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP) Move USDC between blockchains Web3 Services Programmable Wallets Embed secure wallets in your app Smart Contract Platform Build, deploy, and manage smart contracts Developers Developer Hub Explore products, learn from the community, and access resources Start Building Documentation Integrate USDC, protocols, and products Interactive quickstarts Learn how to build, with minimal code required Sign up Get started with a Web3 Services account Resources Developer blog Testnet Faucet Multi-Chain USDC Circle Research Uptime status Partners Company About Circle Pressroom Investor Relations Resources Blog Executive Insights The Money Movement Policy Hub Transparency Get Started Sign in USDC About USDC The regulated and fully reserved US dollar stablecoin Transparency USDC reserve management Supported blockchains Multi-chain USDC Read the 2024 Report State of the USDC Economy Solutions Cross-border payments Reach more markets at a lower cost Global dollar access Provide stable value where it’s needed globally Case studies See how businesses use Circle solutions Products Stablecoins USDC Access the US dollar stablecoin EURC Access the euro stablecoin Mint Convert local currency to USDC and EURC Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP) Move USDC between blockchains Web3 Services Programmable Wallets Embed secure wallets in your app Smart Contract Platform Build, deploy, and manage smart contracts Developers Developer Hub Explore products, learn from the community, and access resources Start Building Documentation Integrate USDC, protocols, and products Interactive quickstarts Learn how to build, with minimal code required Sign up Get started with a Web3 Services account Resources Developer blog Testnet Faucet Multi-Chain USDC Circle Research Uptime status Partners Company About Circle Pressroom Investor Relations Resources Blog Executive Insights The Money Movement Policy Hub Transparency Get started Sign In We’re building a new internet financial system With USDC, Circle is delivering the largest and most widely used stablecoin network — for billions of people, millions of businesses, and developers everywhere. Get Started Get in touch Our Global Partners A digital dollar that does more USDC and EURC empower a network of businesses and builders around the world to move money in ways never thought possible. Explore USDC Settle in minutes USDC shortens settlement times with payments that can circle the globe and land in your account as fast as email. Fully programmable Unlock opportunities in crypto capital markets for trading, borrowing, lending, and fundraising with USDC – accessible globally. Always-on, 24-7 USDC transcends borders and banking hours. As a digital dollar with global reach, USDC is available whenever and wherever you need it. Near-zero cost Send money fast with USDC and avoid the fees associated with traditional money transfer services. USDC remittances can cost as low as a fraction of a cent. We chose USDC because it has become the standard for the biggest and best companies in the financial technology space; you can take it outside of Airtm to any of the thousands of companies that redeem USDC in exchange for dollars or local currency.” Ruben Galindo CEO, Airtm Read their story We see USDC as a stablecoin that, because of the way Circle designed it, the trust that’s baked into it, is something that’s easy to explain to a vendor or a merchant who doesn’t understand crypto or blockchain.” Josh Fried Head of Commerce Business Development, Solana Foundation Read their story As money evolves, we think it’s important for Visa’s network and solutions to evolve with it to ensure that new forms of money can be transacted in a secure and convenient manner.” Cuy Sheffield Head of Crypto, Visa Learn more This is a great example of how digital assets can be a force for good, delivering humanitarian assistance to the most vulnerable in need with real-time speed and accountability of usage of funds.” Carmen Hett Treasurer, UNHCR Learn more Powerful stablecoin infrastructure & Web3 Services to scale your business Circle Mint Access USDC and EURC directly from the source. Manage funds securely, and move money seamlessly. Explore Circle Mint Programmable Wallets With just a few lines of code, seamlessly embed Web3 wallets and blockchain transactions into your app. Explore Programmable Wallets Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol Make it easy for users to move USDC between supported blockchains securely and increase liquidity. Explore CCTP The benefits of foresight Build for what’s next with smart contract options that keep your business focused on the future. Payments & Remittances USDC Liquidity Powering Web3 Apps Payments & Remittances Payments & Remittances For: Enterprise Small & Midsize Business NGOs USDC is used to send money globally to anyone with an internet connection. Remittances can settle in seconds and often cost a fraction of a cent. See how NGOs benefit USDC Liquidity USDC Liquidity For: Market Makers Institutional Traders Asset Managers USDC enables programmatic access to capital markets for always-on digital asset trading, FX, borrowing, lending, and more. Explore Circle Mint Powering Web3 Apps Powering Web3 Apps For: Enterprise Small & Midsize Business Fintech Developers can leverage USDC as a core building block that powers applications with anytime access to near-instant payments, trading, and globally inclusive financial services. Developer resources Payments & Remittances For: Enterprise Small & Midsize Business NGOs USDC is used to send money globally to anyone with an internet connection. Remittances can settle in seconds and often cost a fraction of a cent. See how NGOs benefit USDC Liquidity For: Market Makers Institutional Traders Asset Managers USDC enables programmatic access to capital markets for always-on digital asset trading, FX, borrowing, lending, and more. Explore Circle Mint Powering Web3 Apps For: Enterprise Small & Midsize Business Fintech Developers can leverage USDC as a core building block that powers applications with anytime access to near-instant payments, trading, and globally inclusive financial services. Developer resources A digital dollar that’s built for builders Create a next generation Web3 app with blockchain APIs. Harness the power and flexibility of USDC. Get an API key Developer Resources Trust is our most valuable currency We don’t expect you to trust us. We strive to earn it. By being transparent, working closely with regulators, and by partnering with leading financial institutions like BNYMellon, which is the primary custodian for USDC reserves, and BlackRock. See Reserves Composition The future is financially inclusive We are a global financial technology firm on a mission to promote economic growth, reduce poverty, and improve financial stability by transforming the way money moves. Together, we can create a world that is accessible, efficient and inclusive. Learn who we are 2024 outlook Unleashing the power of open money There’s a new internet financial system emerging thanks to USDC, Web3, blockchain networks, and the collaboration of some of the world’s best developers and technology companies. Read Report Talk to our team Learn how Circle can empower your business to realize the full potential of digital dollars. Fill out our form and we will be in touch shortly. USDC About USDC Multi-Chain USDC For businesses For developers USDC Ecosystem EURC DEVELOPERS Developer Hub Create account Documentation Test with sample app Uptime status PRODUCTS Circle Mint Programmable Wallets Smart Contract Platform Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP) About Web3 Services INSIGHTS Blog The Money Movement Executive Insights Policy Hub Case studies Circle Research Glossary Report: State of the USDC Economy SOLUTIONS Cross-border payments Global dollar access Access to crypto capital markets COMPANY About us Transparency Careers Partners Pressroom Investor Relations Circle Impact Circle Ventures Contact us Help Center Legal & privacy Brand kit Your privacy choices Subscribe to the Circle Newsletter Follow Circle on Social Awards & Recognition From TIME ©2023 TIME USA LLC. All rights reserved. Used under license. Digital assets are subject to a number of risks, including price volatility. Transacting in digital assets could result in significant losses and may not be suitable for some consumers. Digital asset markets and exchanges are not regulated with the same controls or customer protections available with other forms of financial products and are subject to an evolving regulatory environment. Digital assets do not typically have legal tender status and are not covered by deposit protection insurance. The past performance of a digital asset is not a guide to future performance, nor is it a reliable indicator of future results or performance. Additional disclosures can be found on the Legal and Privacy page. Circle Internet Financial, LLC (NMLS ID# 1201441). Circle Internet Financial, LLC is licensed as a Money Transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Institutions and to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. Texas customers click here for information about filing complaints. Maryland customers click here for information about filing complaints. © 2024 Circle Internet Financial Limited Some products and services made available on the Circle Developer Platform (collectively, “Web3 Services”) are offered by Circle Technology Services, LLC (“CTS”). CTS is not a regulated financial services company and the Web3 Services do not include financial, investment, tax, legal, regulatory, accounting, business, or other advice. For additional details, please click here to see the Circle Developer terms of service.