home-page | NC Gov. Cooper Skip to main content An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy. Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS SERVICES Main menu News News Press Releases Proclamations Executive Orders About the First Family About the First Family Roy Cooper First Lady Kristin Cooper Issues Issues Disaster Recovery Early Childhood Education Environment Healthcare Infrastructure Jobs/Economy Military/Veterans Public Safety Workforce Development Submit a Request Submit a Request Scheduling Request Request an Award Request a Letter Request a Proclamation Contact Contact Contact Governor Cooper Frequently Asked Questions Public Records Guidance Scheduling Request Sign Up Here for Engagement Programs and Updates Sign up for Our Newsletter Page Program Page Program Governor's Page Program Application Form Page Program Recommendation Form Page Host Application Form Utility Menu NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS SERVICES Search home-page Column Paragraph Governor Roy Cooper Roy Cooper is honored to serve as North Carolina’s Governor. He understands the challenges facing our families and communities and wants to build a North Carolina that works for everyone. Learn More about Roy Cooper Information on North Carolina's Response to Canton Paper Mill Closure On March 6, Pactiv Evergreen announced plans to shut down the paper mill in Canton, North Carolina. Gov. Roy Cooper and his Administration are committed to supporting the people of Canton and western North Carolina. For more information, visit our page. Learn More North Carolina's Public Education Crisis Public education is the bedrock of North Carolina’s success. Public education powers our workforce, builds our businesses and boosts our communities. Unfortunately, our public schools are under assault. The current General Assembly is considering extreme legislation that would cripple our public education system. Governor Cooper is calling on you to contact your state legislators and ask them to protect our public schools. Learn more News Governor Cooper Tours G.E. Massey Elementary School in Lincolnton, Highlights How Strong Public Schools Make Strong Communities See All News Governor Cooper Joins US EPA Administrator Michael Regan to Announce Clean Ports Program, $3 Billion in Federal Funding for Ports Across US Governor Cooper Announces Grants to Public Schools to Expand School Breakfast Column Paragraph Governor Cooper Proclaims 2024 as “The Year of Public Schools,” Calls for Investments in North Carolina’s Teachers, Students and Families The Year of Public Schools North Carolina is continuing to gain momentum. Here’s a look back at some of the highlights of 2023, showing how Governor Cooper is working to make our state healthier, better educated and put more money in the pockets of North Carolinians. 2023 in Photos Supporting rural North Carolina is a top priority for Governor Cooper. With Hometown Strong, we’re going to do things differently -- increasing communication between state and local leaders and championing rural North Carolina. Hometown Strong Get Email Alerts Sign up to receive updates from Governor Roy Cooper. Email Address: This field is required Contact Information North Carolina Office of the Governor 20301 Mail Service CenterRaleigh, NC 27699-0301 (919) 814-2000 Email the Governor Follow Us Network Menu nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer & Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons