University of California Press Disciplines African Studies American Studies Ancient World (Classics) Anthropology Art Asian Studies Black Studies Communication Criminology & Criminal Justice Economics Environmental Studies Film & Media Studies Food & Wine Gender & Sexuality Geography Global Studies Health History Language Latin American Studies Legal Studies Literary Studies & Poetry Middle Eastern Studies Music Philosophy Politics Religion Sciences Sociology Technology Studies Courses Products Books Journals Resources Support Us About Blog Contact Us Stay informed: Sign up for eNews Subscribe Disciplines African Studies American Studies Ancient World (Classics) Anthropology Art Asian Studies Black Studies Communication Criminology & Criminal Justice Economics Environmental Studies Film & Media Studies Food & Wine Gender & Sexuality Geography Global Studies Health History Language Latin American Studies Legal Studies Literary Studies & Poetry Middle Eastern Studies Music Philosophy Politics Religion Sciences Sociology Technology Studies Courses Products Books Journals Resources Support Us About Blog Contact Us Fighting Mad Fight for Reproductive Justice Award-winning authors Krystale Littlejohn and Rickie Solinger bring together a dynamic group to show what "reproductive justice" means and how to fight for it. Learn more. 1/4 Our Mission Ideas with Impact At a time of dramatic change for scholarship and publishing, we collaborate with faculty, librarians, authors, and students to stay ahead of today's knowledge demands and shape the future of publishing. Learn more. 2/4 New in Journals Sound and Music Studies Journal of Sound and Music in Games presents high-quality research concerning all areas of music and/or sound in games. Learn more. 3/4 UC Press Foundation Support Independent Publishing The UC Press Foundation raises funds to uphold the Press’s vital role as an independent, nonprofit publisher, and receives philanthropic support from a wide range of individuals and institutions—and from committed readers like you. Learn more. 4/4 Fighting Mad Fight for Reproductive Justice Award-winning authors Krystale Littlejohn and Rickie Solinger bring together a dynamic group to show what "reproductive justice" means and how to fight for it. Learn more. 1/4 Our Mission Ideas with Impact At a time of dramatic change for scholarship and publishing, we collaborate with faculty, librarians, authors, and students to stay ahead of today's knowledge demands and shape the future of publishing. Learn more. 2/4 New in Journals Sound and Music Studies Journal of Sound and Music in Games presents high-quality research concerning all areas of music and/or sound in games. Learn more. 3/4 UC Press Foundation Support Independent Publishing The UC Press Foundation raises funds to uphold the Press’s vital role as an independent, nonprofit publisher, and receives philanthropic support from a wide range of individuals and institutions—and from committed readers like you. Learn more. 4/4 Featured Books Journals More Books > Explore Journals > From Our Blog UC Press February Award Winners UC Press is proud to publish award-winning authors and books across many disciplines. Below are several of our February 2024 award winners. Please join us in celebrating these scholars by sharing the … Read More > Ask Our Staff: Editorial Assistant Roundtable Series – Permissions Watch Parts 1 and 2 of our EA Roundtable. As an author, you might have a sense of what an Acquisitions Editor does, since you’ve been talking with them about your new … Read More > Why science communication needs more storytelling by Emma Frances Bloomfield, author of Science v Story: Narrative Strategies for Science Communicators. In 1999, Climate Research Unit (CRU) director Phil Jones sent an email briefly summarizing his process for combining … Read More > The Untold Story of Children Moving from the United States to Mexico By Víctor Zúñiga, co-author of The 0.5 Generation: Children Moving from the United States to Mexico Our research on children migrating from the United States to Mexico began 25 years ago in … Read More > More Posts > Resources For Instructors Book Authors Journal Authors & Editors Librarians Booksellers Media & Journalists Stay Informed Sign up for eNews. Visit the UC Press Blog Disciplines Ancient World Anthropology Art Communication Criminology & Criminal Justice Film & Media Studies Food & Wine History Music Psychology Religion Sociology Browse All Disciplines Courses Browse All Courses Products Books Journals Resources Book Authors Booksellers Instructors Journal Authors & Editors Librarians Media & Journalists Support Us Endowments Membership Planned Giving Supporters About UC Press Careers Location Press Releases Seasonal Catalog Contact Us Acquisitions Editors Customer Service Exam/Desk Requests Media Inquiries Print-Disability Rights & Permissions Royalties UC Press Foundation © Copyright 2024 by the Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy