Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History | Skip to main content ★ ★ ★ Teacher Seminars In Person: Join us in California, Illinois, New Jersey, and Virginia this summer. Apply by March 5, 2024. ★ ★ ★ User menu Shop Self-Paced Courses Subscriptions Traveling Exhibitions Classroom-Ready PD Gift Shop Donate Search Log In The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History Menu Education Open submenu Students Open submenu AP US History Study Guide History U: Courses for High School Students History School: Summer Enrichment Teachers Open submenu Lesson Plans Classroom Resources Spotlights on Primary Sources Professional Development (Academic Year) Professional Development (Summer) All Audiences Open submenu Book Breaks Inside the Vault Self-Paced Courses Browse All Resources History Now: The Journal Open submenu About Search by Issue Search by Essay Subscribe Programs Open submenu Affiliate Schools Open submenu About Become a Member (Free) Monthly Offer (Free for Members) Master's Degree in American History Open submenu Program Information Courses Scholarships and Financial Aid Applying and Enrolling Hamilton Education Program Open submenu About Eligibility (In-Person) EduHam Online Hamilton Cast Read Alongs Official Website Press Coverage Special Initiatives Open submenu Veterans Legacy Program The Declaration at 250 Black Lives in the Founding Era Celebrating American Historical Holidays Browse All Programs Historical Documents Open submenu The Gilder Lehrman Collection Open submenu About Donate Items to the Collection Research Open submenu Search Our Catalog Research Guides Rights and Reproductions Exhibitions Open submenu See Our Documents on Display Bring an Exhibition to Your Organization Interactive Exhibitions Online Transcribe Our Documents Open submenu About the Transcription Program Black Lives in the Founding Era Civil War Letters Founding Era Newspapers Recognizing Excellence Open submenu Research Fellowships Open submenu College Fellowships in American History Scholarly Fellowship Program Student Awards Open submenu Richard Gilder History Prize David McCullough Essay Prize Affiliate School Scholarships History Teacher of the Year Open submenu About Nominate a Teacher Eligibility State Winners National Winners Book Prizes Open submenu Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize Gilder Lehrman Military History Prize George Washington Prize Frederick Douglass Book Prize About Open submenu About Open submenu Our Mission and History Annual Report Contact Information Staff Boards and Councils Open submenu Student Advisory Council Teacher Advisory Council Board of Trustees Remembering Richard Gilder President's Council Scholarly Advisory Board Work with Us Open submenu Careers Internships Our Partners News Open submenu Our News Newsletter Press Releases Homepage Summer PD Registration Now Open Study with world-renowned scholars, connect with other teachers from across the United States, and reinvigorate your enthusiasm for teaching history! Whatever your budget and interests, the Gilder Lehrman Institute has a professional development opportunity for you next summer. Online Options: 10 Teacher Seminars In-person Options: 12 options in 7 locations across 5 states Explore All Programs 22 Programs In Person & Online MA Open House Interested in learning more about the MA in American History? Sign up for an open house! Each one offers an overview of the MA program, a walkthrough of the application process, and a Q&A session with program administrators, students, and graduates. Register for the March 11 Open House New Self-Paced Course Jim Crow and Its Challengers Professor Nikki Brown addresses the rise, institutionalization, fall, and lasting impact of racial segregation laws in the United States. Students will examine the growth and popularity of Jim Crow laws and spend particular time exploring the ways African Americans mitigated, or tried to moderate, the worst excesses of these laws. Regular Price: $39.99 Affiliate Price: $29.99 View Full Course Description 15 Professional Development Hours 2024 Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize Congratulations to this year's laureates Frances M. Clarke and Rebecca Jo Plant, co-authors of Of Age: Boy Soldiers and Military Power in the Civil War Era (Oxford University Press), are the recipients of the 2024 Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize! They will be recognized during an award ceremony in New York City on April 4. Learn More New Issue of History Now Issue No. 69: “The Reception and Impact of the Declaration of Independence, 1776–1826” (Winter 2023) Explore the reactions of Americans who faced a crisis of loyalties with five essays by historians and additional Gilder Lehrman resources. Subscribe to History Now Begin Reading Pause Learn with the Gilder Lehrman Institute Teacher MA in American History Our master’s degree program gives K–12 educators an affordable way to earn a graduate degree while working full time. Learn about the MA Program All Audiences Self-Paced Courses Explore American history from your own home, in your own time, and at your own pace! Educators can obtain professional development credit. Explore Self-Paced Courses Student History U These self-paced courses in American history are taught by the nation's top historians and are completely free for high school students. Register for History U Upcoming Events EduHam Online Students Teachers Friday, March 8, 2024 at 11:59 pm ET Applications Open for Competition and Lottery Submit your best creative piece for the chance to see Hamilton in New York City! American Historical Holidays Friday, March 8, 2024 International Women's Day Deepen your knowledge of this holiday with historical documents, essays, and videos from the Gilder Lehrman Institute. Teachers Online Wednesday, March 13, 2024 at 8:00 pm ET Open House: MA in American History Q&A session for prospective students to learn about the Gettysburg College–Gilder Lehrman master's degree program. See All Events Upcoming Deadlines Teachers Professional Development NEH Institute Tuesday, March 5, 2024 at 11:59 pm PT Apply for Pacific Crossings A two-week NEH Summer Institute for teachers on Asian American and Pacific Islander histories Teachers Professional Development In-Person Seminars Tuesday, March 5, 2024 at 11:59 pm PT Apply for Teacher Seminars In Person Last chance to apply for a spot in one of four summer Teacher Seminars in California, Illinois, New Jersey, or Virginia. All Audiences Traveling Exhibitions Free Thursday, April 11, 2024 at 11:59 pm ET Apply to Host "Who Can Vote?" Affiliate Schools, libraries, and other sites can host this exhibition for free in April and May. See All Deadlines Book Breaks Every Sunday at 2:00 pm ET (11:00 am PT) on Zoom Join us for our weekly interview series in which historians discuss their acclaimed books followed by a Q&A with the at-home audience. A Book Breaks subscription includes access to the weekly live programs and our ever-expanding archive, featuring 150+ episodes. Book Breaks is completely free for all students, K–12 educators, and college professors. Others can purchase a one-year subscription for $25. Log In Subscribe Upcoming Episodes Sunday, March 10, 2024 at 2:00 pm ET Brooke Barbier King Hancock: The Radical Influence of a Moderate Founding Father Sunday, March 17, 2024 at 2:00 pm ET Sarah Keyes, University of Nevada, Reno American Burial Ground: A New History of the Overland Trail Sunday, March 24, 2024 at 2:00 pm ET Donald L. Miller, Lafayette College & Kirk Saduski Masters of the Air: America's Bomber Boys Who Fought the Air War Against Nazi Germany Our Historical Documents In 1991, Richard Gilder and Lewis Lehrman embarked on a mission to create one of the most important repositories of historical American documents in the country. Today, the Gilder Lehrman Collection contains 85,000+ items documenting the political, social, and economic history of the United States. Our catalog is free to search. K–12 students, K–12 educators, and parents can access a selection of 7,800+ full-sized images for free. Others can purchase an annual History Resources subscription for $25. Log In Subscribe We hold many rare copies of foundational American documents, like this first draft of the US Constitution Discover 2,000+ individuals who lived through the American Revolution, like the poet Phillis Wheatley. Bring history to life with visual sources, like this US War Department recruitment poster (ca. 1944–1945). In addition to documents, the Collection includes objects, like this campaign button for Lyndon Johnson. Our Collection highlights the contributions of many Americans, like those of a female pilot in the 1910s. Explore the fight against slavery through abolitionist writings, like this note by Frederick Douglass. History Now The Online Journal of the Gilder Lehrman Institute History Now features essays by the nation’s leading historians and provides the latest in American history scholarship for teachers, students, and general readers. History Now is completely free for all K-12 students and teachers. Others can purchase a one-year subscription for $25. Log In Subscribe Latest Issues #69 Winter 2023 The Reception and Impact of the Declaration of Independence, 1776-1826 #68 Fall 2023 The Role of Spain in the American Revolution #67 Summer 2023 The Influence of the Declaration of Independence on the Civil War and Reconstruction Era "Their Full Measure" Veterans Legacy Program: Online Exhibition Gilder Lehrman is proud to announce the launch of this new online exhibition introducing viewers to nineteen men and women who served during six conflicts in American history. Explore Online Exhibition News Our News Stay up to date with all the work that we do to combat historical illiteracy and invigorate the study of the past. See Our News Newsletter Catch up on the highlights from our work with students, teachers, researchers, and the general public. Read Newsletter Press Releases See all official press releases for our important events, significant programs, and special initiatives. View Press Releases The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History Stay up to date, and subscribe to our quarterly newsletter. Learn how the Institute impacts history education through our work guiding teachers, energizing students, and supporting research. 49 W. 45th Street 2nd Floor New York, NY 10036 Email: info@gilderlehrman.orgPhone: (646) 366-9666 Footer Menu Educational Resources History Now Programs Our Collection Technical Support Privacy Policy About Careers News © 2009–2024 The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History. All rights reserved.