Qubes OS: A reasonably secure operating system | Qubes OS Toggle navigation Qubes OS Introduction Downloads Documentation News Team Donate Qubes OS A reasonably secure operating system Download & Install Version 4.2.0 What others are saying "If you're serious about security, @QubesOS is the best OS available today. It's what I use, and free." Edward Snowden, whistleblower and privacy advocate "SecureDrop depends on Qubes OS for best-in-class isolation of sensitive workloads on journalist workstations. Providing journalists with a sane way to handle untrusted content from unknown sources is part of our job, and Qubes gives us the tools we need to do that job well." Freedom of the Press Foundation, non-profit dedicated to supporting free speech and public-interest journalism "When I use Qubes I feel like a god. Software thinks that it's in control, that it can do what it wants? It can't. I'm in control." Micah Lee, Director of Information Security at The Intercept, advisor to DDoSecrets "Qubes OS gives us greater confidence in the security of systems being used to remotely access our servers, mainly because powerful physical and logical privilege separation between workspaces allows our engineers to select appropriate degrees of isolation for different processes." Let's Encrypt, non-profit, world's largest certificate authority More endorsements Media & Press "The world's most secure operating system assumes you've been owned." by J.M. Porup "For those willing to put in the effort, Qubes is more secure than almost any other operating system available today." by J. M. P. "So Rutkowska flipped the game, this time in favor of the defenders." by Andy Greenberg More Media & Press News & Announcements Qubes-certified NovaCustom NV41 Series laptop now available with Heads firmware Posted in Announcements on 2024-03-03 The NitroPC Pro 2 is Qubes-certified! Posted in Announcements on 2024-02-29 XSAs released on 2024-02-27 Posted in Security on 2024-02-27 Fedora 39 templates available; Fedora 38 approaching EOL Posted in Announcements on 2024-02-13 XSAs released on 2024-01-30 Posted in Security on 2024-02-05 XSAs released on 2024-01-22 Posted in Security on 2024-02-05 Whonix 17 templates available for Qubes OS 4.1 Posted in Announcements on 2024-02-05 More News & Announcements What's Inside of Qubes? Secure Compartmentalization Qubes brings to your personal computer the security of the Xen hypervisor, the same software relied on by many major hosting providers to isolate websites and services from each other. Learn more Operating System Freedom Can't decide which Linux distribution you prefer? Still need that one Windows program for work? With Qubes, you're not limited to just one OS. Learn more Serious Privacy With Whonix integrated into Qubes, using the Internet anonymously over the Tor network is safe and easy. Learn more Research Qubes virtual mini-summit 2021 3mdeb and the Qubes team, August 2021 Qubes Air: Generalizing the Qubes Architecture Joanna Rutkowska, January 2018 Introducing the Next Generation Qubes Core Stack Joanna Rutkowska, October 2017 Introducing the Qubes Admin API Joanna Rutkowska, June 2017 Thoughts on the "physically secure" ORWL computer Joanna Rutkowska, September 2016 Security challenges for the Qubes build process Joanna Rutkowska, May 2016 Read More Research Awards & Grants 2016 2015 and 2016 2014 Finalist for Endpoint Security We would love for you to fund or partner with us Join the Community! Have questions or need a hand? As a free and open-source project, our valued community of users and contributors from around the world are in the best position to help. Before diving in, we encourage you to read about staying safe, our discussion guidelines, and our code of conduct to help keep things positive and on-track. We welcome newcomers and returning users wanting to discuss Qubes and seeking to contribute. Visit the Qubes Forum Search qubes-os.org Go! Introduction What is Qubes OS? Endorsements Getting started Video tours Screenshots FAQ Help and support Security center Architecture Code of conduct Downloads System requirements Certified hardware Compatibility list Installation guide Verifying signatures Supported releases Version scheme Source code Software license Download mirrors Documentation Introduction Choosing hardware Installing and upgrading How-to guides Templates Troubleshooting Security in Qubes Project security Developer docs External docs News Announcements Userbase statistics Research GitHub Qubes forum Twitter Mastodon Reddit Facebook LinkedIn Team Report a bug Report a security Issue Inquiries Core team Emeritus Community contributors Donate How to donate Qubes Partners How to contribute Qubes OS © The Qubes OS Project and others Website source code | Tor onion service | Privacy policy | Report a problem | Terms of use | Sitemap