Technology Industry | Computerworld Close Ad computerworld UNITED STATES United States Australia India Netherlands New Zealand United Kingdom More from the Foundry Network About Us | Contact | Republication Permissions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Copyright Notice | Terms of Service | European Privacy Settings | Member Preferences | Advertising | Foundry Careers | Ad Choices | E-commerce Links | California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info | Follow Us × Close Technology Industry Technology Industry | News, how-tos, features, reviews, and videos News Anthropic gives its flagship generative AI models a facelift Opinion Return-to-office initiatives or stealth layoffs? Why not both? News Analysis As workers embrace AI, employers are slow to issue guidance A survey of 10,000 office workers found that employees and senior execs both see a range of benefits from AI tools. But a lack of clear guidelines around their use is slowing experimentation and creating potential risks to corporate... The Tech LifeBy Scot Finnie The economics of job cuts; why layoffs continue It’s important for tech workers to realize that, despite a booming economy in the US, they should still prepare for the possibility of being laid off. News Google calls Microsoft’s cloud practices in the EU anti-competitive Microsoft has refuted Google’s claims and said that it has worked with independent cloud providers in the EU to change its licensing terms to address their concerns. Opinion Killing VMware Ever since Broadcom completed its acquisition of VMware last November, customers have been navigating the fallout — and they're not happy. News Analysis AI chip sales are driving stock markets to new records Nvidia's unprecedented leap in revenue from higher chip sales for AI and cloud use speaks volumes about the future of the technology and its impact on the economy. Updated Tech layoffs in 2024: A timeline Technology companies have continued to lay off staff in 2024, despite improving fundamentals. Here's an updated timeline of notable layoffs, and reasons why Big Tech is in turmoil. News Microsoft plans €2B investment in AI and cloud infrastructure in Spain Microsoft’s European charm offensive continues, with a collaboration with the Spanish Government to strengthen cybersecurity and implement AI in the Spanish administration. Android IntelligenceBy JR Raphael The 5 most intriguing Android 15 features (and how to enjoy 3 of 'em on any device today) Google's first Android 15 preview has some interesting additions — and you can bring a few of 'em onto any phone this minute with a teensy touch of creative tinkering. Opinion The hidden high cost of return-to-office mandates If you force employees to commute and work in an office every day, you can expect to lose your best employees. News Microsoft and Google invest in AI in Europe The big investments by big tech could be intended to reshape their AI infrastructure ahead of new legislation from Brussels. Feature Tech spending shifts to meet AI demand, forces a 'reshuffling of skills' for workers With AI 'sucking the air out of almost non-AI investments in the whole tech world,' companies are cutting what they believe are unnecessary jobs — and replacing them with AI-skilled workers. The Tech LifeBy Scot Finnie Will employees bow down to stricter RTO policies? Or is the trend to remote work here to stay — and perhaps even expand over time? Android IntelligenceBy JR Raphael The real problem with Google's new Gemini Android assistant Hey, Google: We've gotta talk. News AI chips don’t need trillion-dollar investments: Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang remarked on OpenAI CEO Sam Altman’s plan to raise up to $7 trillion for an AI chip initiative, saying the amount assumes that computers won’t get faster. News Australia’s new ‘right to disconnect’ law includes jail time — for now Employee rights to disconnect from work are coming to Australia, though jail time for violators is unlikely to happen. News Sam Altman wants to raise trillions of dollars for AI chip initiative Altman looks to disrupt the AI chip segment by boosting the global chip-building capability. Feature What are LLMs, and how are they used in generative AI? Large language models are the algorithmic basis for chatbots like OpenAI's ChatGPT and Google's Bard. The technology is tied back to billions — even trillions — of parameters that can make them both inaccurate and non-specific for... News Latest US alert on Chinese companies sparks supply chain concerns Notable entities on this list include Yangtze Memory Technologies Company (YMTC), a major memory chip manufacturer, Megvii, a facial recognition firm, Hesai Technology, a provider of LiDAR solutions, and tech company NetPosa. Load More Recommended for You Generative AI boosts cloud revenue for Microsoft, Google Intel to make chips in US for Taiwan’s UMC It’s not just hype; genAI is already live at many companies What Readers Like OpenAI jettisons CEO Sam Altman for dishonesty Tech layoffs in 2024: A timeline What are LLMs, and how are they used in generative AI? Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us About Us Contact Republication Permissions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Notice Terms of Service European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Advertising Foundry Careers Ad Choices E-commerce Links California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info Copyright © 2024 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Online InfoWorld Network World