Best Of — polycount Toggle navigation Polycount News Forums Patreon Challenges Quarterly Character Art Challenge Bi-Monthly Environment Art Challenge Wiki Moar Recent Activity Badges Drafts Store Sign In · Register Author: renanfab Home› Best Of Best Of Everything Front Page + Re: Show your hand painted stuff, pls!Hey all! New work from me - The Crystal Fountain.Hope you like it https://www.artstation.com/artwork/blqPZv andrewmelfi 3 · Re: Looking for Portfolio feedback as a Character artistYou have one character with a face and that's the weakest part by far, unfortunately character art is a really competitive field and you really need to be able to nail character faces and anatomy to break into that part of the industry. Your materials and presentation are otherwise great. Could probably use another character or two with a face in your portfolio, and one with less gear/armor. ZacD 3 · The Bi-Monthly Environment Art Challenge | March - April (89)Hey all! Want to welcome you all to the 89th edition of the Bi-Monthly Environment Art Challenge for the months of March and April!This challenge is a way for real-time 3D artists to test their skills and create a piece of work based on concepts provided. It's open to those of all skill levels and we do our best to provide meaningful feedback along the way so everyone can come away from the challenge with actionable points on which they can improve their craft!Anyone is welcome in this challenge no matter your skill level! It's a test of your own ability not a competition between members. We're all here to improve as artists and learn from each other.- ENVIRONMENTS -HARD SURFACE ENVIRONMENT:Concept art works for a sci-fi movie project last year by Wang Jiehttps://www.artstation.com/artwork/zP00EDSTYLIZED ENVIRONMENT:《石屋部落》by G xyhttps://www.artstation.com/artwork/xDbARr- PROPS -HARD SURFACE PROP:CLA Box by Gin Z.https://www.artstation.com/artwork/m8YDb8STYLIZED PROP:PROPS #2 - HEIMR project by Geraud Soulie (2D) / Roger Trootman (3D)https://www.artstation.com/artwork/n0BXYe- RULES -Please read all the rules before starting:Try to post at least one critique for every post that you make. This will make for a better learning environment and help us all grow as artists.Try your best to finish as much as you can in the time frame provided, but remember even if you don't finish by the end of the challenge we encourage you to keep pushing and finish your piece!Post what you are working on in this thread so that way it's a more centralized place for advice and critique. Please avoid creating a new thread as we don't want to spam out the forums.It is recommended to use a game engine to present your work. Unreal Engine, Unity, and CryEngine are very common engines that can be used but feel free to use any alternatives that you want. (Marmoset Toolbag for example.)Feel free to change up your chosen concept a bit if you want! Interpret these concepts to your liking, especially if your aim is to add storytelling elements.If you finish your project and decide to post it to something like Artstation, make sure you give credit to the concept artist in the form of a link to their profile. Additionally, it is recommended to ask a concept artist for their permission to post a 3D piece based on their work before doing so.- RECOMMENDATIONS -When you are just starting out making a scene, it can seem complicated or imposing. Take your time planning and blocking out, it will set you up for success later on.Think about how you can re-use assets, re-use textures, break it down as simple as possible and plan it out. A lot of people will break it down in their own way when they start out their challenge. Gather some reference images as well for different parts of the scene, don't be afraid to make it your own.We strongly encourage you to go and look at other games and see how they make their assets as well as get concept art to give it your own feel.The goal is to learn and grow both artistically and in your ability to both give and receive critique, but don't stress about it and remember to have fun!Good luck everyone! Pinkfox 5 · Re: Low-Poly way too low ? Objects that were "sitting" on it now just "float"@Raphael_Bouch You're thinking of this the wrong way around. The ingame lowpoly is not supposed to be a passive result, dictated by whatever was done to create the high. The ingame lowpoly *is* the model that requires 100% control and proactive care on how it is built - because that is the one that gets in the game. And *from there*, the amount of edges you decide to put in it will dictate how the bakes will behave.Put differently : just because you built you source highpoly first, doesn't mean that everything will be dictated from that. The amount of edges needed for the low to look good and for the bakes to behave well comes first, and requires planning (or at least some foresight). There is no rule of the universe that states that the low has to come from the subd cage of the high. As a matter of fact it is rarely the case (even though they have things in common of course).If anything, even though it might seem to make sense initially, building a full high first is not always the best idea - for the reasons above, but also because not every part of a game model necessarily needs to be baked from high. pior 3 · Re: Exterior Tavern Environment UE5 (WIP)Hello ! Still wip but i'm getting closer and closer to the end result. I've not forget the previous feedbacks, It is planned to rework on them. Somewhat happy with the result so far. Dolgaror 4 · Re: Show your hand painted stuff, pls!Hello artist collegues, here I share the last project that I was working on. I was pretty much inspired by the cool concept art by Wen Qian.I just made a base 3D Sculpt in ZBrush to stablish the overall shapes, then I make the retopology and make another modeling phase to ensure the shapes, silohuette and optimization mesh ready for game art. Then I made the UVs and start the hand painted from scratch at 3DCoat (I didn't bake any maps) Hope you like it. You can find some more images and a 3D Viewer to check it out in depth https://www.artstation.com/artwork/blq4En chemotoledo 6 · Re: How The F*#% Do I Model This? - Reply for help with specific shapes - (Post attempt before asking)@guitarguy00 In the previous example: the base sphere has 12 rings with 24 segments and the subtracted sphere has 22 rings with 28 segments.Both quad sphere and UV sphere intersections tend to produce topology that requires some additional clean up. Minor differences in scale and position often prevent the perfect alignment of the segments on intersecting shapes. If the segments in the overlapping area are roughly equal then the mesh can usually be resolved to all quads, without needing the perfect alignment of each individual segment.Quad sphere topology is fairly consistent. Which does make it easier to match the segments of two intersecting spheres that are close to the same size. The down side is that the loop flow and total number of segments is quite arbitrary. This often produces inconsistent loop spacing around intersecting shapes that are larger or smaller than the sphere and also tends to produce triangles that can be difficult to resolve to quads.UV sphere topology produces distinct rings and line segments but terminates in triangles at the poles. The density of the rings and segments can be adjusted independently. Which does provide a lot more flexibility for segment matching than quad spheres but the concentration of triangles in the poles limits the usable section of the sphere.While there are workarounds like re-projecting [shrink wrapping] the subdivided mesh or generating quad spheres with unique segment counts, these processes aren't always quick or reliable. It's also possible to add or dissolve edge loops to resolve the mesh to all quads but this can produce smoothing artifacts like pinching and stretching. So, it's really about analyzing the shapes and deciding which type of sphere topology is best for that particular feature.The example below shows how both quad grid and UV sphere topology requires clean up and re-routing after the boolean operation. Mesh density determines the location and number of triangles left by the quad spheres. Ratio of rings to segments determines the position of the vertex pole left by the UV spheres. Adjusting the number of segments in the spheres will resolve triangles to quads and move the poles around. Maintaining relatively consistent segment spacing is an important part of creating curved surfaces that subdivide cleanly. While the geometry in overlapping quad spheres will generally match, it's the arbitrary loop flow that can cause smoothing issues. Especially when the size or position of the intersecting shapes causes the edge loops in the base sphere to bunch up or spread apart.Here's an example that shows how just changing the position of the overlapping quad spheres can produce a variety of smoothing artifacts.The quad sphere's grid topology is good for intersections that require multi-axis symmetry but the inflexibility of the loop flow can cause issues when the intersecting shapes are too large or too small for a particular area of the sphere. Which often means either manually moving the edges to make room for the intersecting shape or changing the density of the quad sphere by an arbitrary factor of two. In contrast to this, an intersecting UV sphere can be adjusted so the segments remain aligned. Which helps prevent smoothing artifacts caused by unintended shape deformation. It also allows both the larger sphere and the hemispherical pocket to resolve to all quads. The example below shows how UV spheres can be adjusted to maintain segment matching when the two perpendicular spheres are moved closer together. Here's another example of how the number of rings and segments in the overlapping UV spheres can be adjusted to control the mesh density in each feature and move the vertex pole around the inside of the hemispherical pocket. An additional advantage of the UV sphere's topology layout is that the rings produce straight lines that run perpendicular to the polar axis. Which makes it a lot easier to blend the sphere into rectangles and cylinders. It is possible to use a quad sphere as a cap for features on a UV sphere but the number of segments in the UV sphere needs to be adjusted to fit the adjacent segments in the quad sphere. The example below shows how the arbitrary number of segments in the quad sphere doesn't align well with unmatched segment counts. Even the mesh that's all quads has some pinching and stretching artifacts. This is because of the unintended shape deformation caused by re-routing the topology.A few of these smoothing issues could be reduced or possibly resolved by turning the triangles into n-gons. Whether or not that's acceptable depends on the technical requirements for the project. Adjusting the density of the quad sphere, by either (un)subdividing or manually adjusting the number and position of the edge loops, would be another option but could also produce unintended shape deformation. Which then requires additional work to either manually compensate for any errors in the shapes or re-project the mesh on to clean shapes. Adding or removing too much geometry will tend to produce unwanted triangles and can also generate surface deformations that will cause smoothing artifacts. Routing a significant number of triangles into a single vertex on a curved surface can also cause visible pinching. Manually deforming a simple mesh can work for some shapes but does tend to introduce a more organic feel and often produces shapes that are less accurate.The examples below show what these issues can look like. While it's generally a good idea to avoid these types of shape and topology issues, there are always edge cases. Subdivision modeling is about trade-offs. Just be sure to explore the alternatives and thoroughly evaluate the results with a quick block out. Before committing a significant amount of time and effort to a topology strategy that might not produce the desired results. When evaluating the accuracy and quality of a surface, be sure to use materials that will expose any subtle smoothing artifacts. Both low contrast and reflective materials that are overly sharp can hide different types of artifacts. This is why it's generally considered best practice to use materials with some contrast and either a soft reflection or wide highlight with enough roll-off to catch any minor imperfections in the surface. For high quality, reflective surfaces it also makes sense to use flow checkers to identify hidden surface quality issues.Here's an example that shows how a low contrast material hides a lot of the smoothing artifacts caused by shape and topology issues. The flow check material helps pinpoint the origin of waviness in the surface. The high contrast material also helps identify edge and surface artifacts that are lost in both the flow check and low contrast material. The comparison below shows how each type of topology layout is going to have it's own type of surface quality issues. Some of these artifacts are relatively minor and as long as they aren't noticeably visible to the players then they might be acceptable within certain project constraints. Not everything has to be perfect but part of making these technical tradeoffs is avoiding time sinks. Manually editing and re-working large sections of the mesh are time sinks.Most of the shapes and topology layouts from the middle to the right are quite marginal and should generally be avoided. While the manually generated shape on the right doesn't have any major smoothing artifacts it does have some significant accuracy and surface quality issues. Something that's less than optimal for hard surface projects that require crisp details. Overall shape is also really important because the forms play a significant role in what the topology needs to look like. One side of the recoil shield may need to be a quad sphere and the other may need to be a UV sphere with a segment count that matches the quad sphere.As designed, the 1851 is cap and ball. The loading gate is at the front. Below the barrel. There were some later conversion to metallic cartridges but they often used a modified version of the existing breech. Machine tooling of the era was pretty primitive and the shapes they produced were fairly basic. The prototypical hemispherical relief in the recoil shield is fairly small. Especially when comparing it to how much material needs to be removed for the rear loading gate. This type of conversion could be done by hand with a file or by machine with a basic boring or milling operation. It also left behind a bit of the original hemispherical pocket. The example below shows how the quad sphere's topology works well enough with the larger cylindrical cut out. It can also be mirrored vertically. Which would potentially reduce the amount of work required to clean up the topology around the shape intersection. As shown in the references, some of the original hemispherical relief cut tends to be left behind so that would rule out vertical mirroring but the spherical intersection is so small it's relatively easy to simplify the shape to get everything to line up. There's been lots of good discussion about different modeling methods and topology strategy. Just remember that the shapes are what define the topology. It's really easy to get bogged down in the technical aspects of 3D modeling but the important thing to focus on first is getting the shapes right. After that the topology can be adjusted to fit the shapes and there's so many different ways to approach the order of operations that the modeling tools are really down to personal preference.Recap: Block out the shapes, match the segments of intersecting shapes by adjusting the mesh density and rotating the topology to fit, clean up and re-direct the loop flow as required but try to avoid causing unintended shape deformation that can cause smoothing artifacts. FrankPolygon 3 · Re: How The F*#% Do I Model This? - Reply for help with specific shapes - (Post attempt before asking) Voo200 said: Hello, im new here.I've been trying to fix the topology of this area, but im having a hard time.This is how it looked like beforeThen i tried on 2 different ways to fix the topology and fill the empty space, but honestly im not sure if any of them were right.Any suggestions or tips? Hi there. I would recommend to work with 1/8 of the mesh. 1. Start with your basic shapes2. Create seperate mesh that would act as boolean 3. Boolean4. Rotate the mesh 45 degrees5. delete 1/8 of the mesh6. Clean up7. Rotate back -45 degrees8. Symmetriand voila.HERE IS THE 1/8th of the mesh cleaned wirrexx 5 · Re: will A.i take over everythingi'd read up on how it works now, how it is proposed to expand in the future, and then take a hard look at what I am actually doing in my job and decide if it is actually reasonable that AI could do the job. Ignore popular conversation because you have no idea who you are speaking to. It can be a 10 year old kid who just learned words like "exponential". For most people AI is synonym with magic so whatever opinion they have just doesn't count for anything.If the methods AI is operating by now or in the future could feasibly do what you are doing then it makes sense to pursue something else. If not then you should tell everybody else in your field that doomsday is around the corner so that you can eliminate the competition. Alex_J 3 · Re: How would you model this?Try what myself? To model this?Piece of cake. Checking the model structure I told you how I assume it was done. Might be highpoly first but the very straight lines make me think this was modelled not done with retopo.Learn how to model and you can create this lowpoly easily. Converting it to a sculptable mesh is not complicated but might not even be needed.I guess one could smooth it, bake down and then do surface detail just in texture. Neox 3 · Next © 2024 Polycount. All image rights belong to their authors. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy