Home | Judicial Watch Skip to content Follow Us Menu About Read Now Watch Now Listen Now Act Now Press Room Document Archives SMS Sign Up Menu Read Now Watch Now Listen Now About Donate Press Room Document Archives Act Now SMS Sign Up More Sign up for the latest news and updates. Subscribe Follow Us Judicial Watch, Inc. is a conservative, non-partisan educational foundation, which promotes transparency, accountability and integrity in government, politics and the law. Donate Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions User Agreement RSS Feed Judicial Watch, Inc. is a conservative, non-partisan educational foundation, which promotes transparency, accountability and integrity in government, politics and the law. Because no one is above the law! Donate About Mission Legal Team Careers Contact Read Now Tom Fitton's Judicial Watch Weekly Update Corruption Chronicles Press Releases Investigative Bulletin The Verdict New Biden Censorship Targeting Court Fight Against Biden DOJ! NEW! Election Integrity Lawsuit! NEW Fani Willis Lawsuit View All Ghastly 7,300% Surge in Illegal Immigrants from Same Nation as College Stud... DOJ Gives College Nearly $1 Million to Track Spread of “Mis-, Dis-, and Mal... Huge Spike in Illegal Immigration Along Northern Border, Including from Ter... Govt. Pays “U.S. Subject Matter Experts” to Help Pakistani Journalists Comb... View All Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton to be Featured at Conservative Politica... Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton Statement on Texas A&M Closing Its Cont... Judicial Watch: Biden Justice Dept Asks Court to Keep Secret the Names of T... Judicial Watch: DHS Secretary Mayorkas Personally Declined Presidential Can... View All Democrats Furious at Special Counsel for Transparency on Biden Memory Failu... Judicial Watch Fights to Keep Elections Honest Big Tech, Big Government, Big Brother: Washington’s War on Free Speech Antisemitism at the Universities: Crisis in Education, Moral Clarity from C... View All Watch Now TOM FITTON'S VIDEO WEEKLY UPDATE JW: ON THE AIR Clips CHRIS FARRELL'S ON WATCH JW On Issue Judicial Watch TV Fani Willis DISASTER—Also, OUTRAGEOUS: New York Judicial Abuse Against Trum... Biden White House Crisis CONFIRMED! Fani Willis AFFAIR Biden Border Invasion UPDATE View All Fani Willis Loses It in Court Farrell: Foreign Enemies are Taking Advantage of Biden's Mental State! FITTON on FoxBiz: Biden Corruption Update, NY-Trump Ruling, & MORE! MASSIVE Obama Conspiracy Against Trump! View All POWERFUL SPEECH: Justice for Ashli Babbitt: FITTON at CPAC FLASHBACK: Obama, Hillary & Biden Knew About Fake Russiagate Scandal Agains... Miklós Szánthó on Fighting Globalism with Conservatism DESPICABLE: Mayorkas DENIES Secret Service for Robert Kennedy! View All Jan 6 "Pipe Bomb" Truth with Darren Beattie How Dangerous is Biden as President? With Cheryl Chumley The China Threat with Bill Gertz Rep. Clay Higgins: J6 Truth & Ashli Babbitt + Biden Border Crisis + US Mili... View All Judicial Watch: Fighting for Clean Elections Judicial Watch On Issue: The Ongoing Battle Against Obama Open Border Polic... Judicial Watch On Issue: The Battle for Election Integrity Judicial Watch On Issue: Leading the Battle Against Illegal Immigration View All Podcasts Tom Fitton’s Weekly Update Podcast Chris Farrell’s On Watch Podcast Act Now Donate Shop The Verdict Special Report Sign Now Press Releases Document Archives SMS Sign Up Donate SEARCH Happening Now Ghastly 7,300% Surge in Illegal Immigrants from Same Nation as College Student’s Murderer JW v State settlement 01242 JW v DHS Biden Dog complaint 00429 Is Foreign Cash Turning Our Kids Into Terrorist Sympathizers? New Biden Censorship Targeting Sign up for the latest news and updates. Subscribe Shop Shop Donate Donate Judicial Watch Statement on Unanimous Supreme Court Ruling on Trump Ballot Dispute (Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton made the following statement regarding the Supreme Court ruling allowing Donald Trump’s eligibility on the 2024 Colorado primary ballot. The United States Supreme Court today made a powerful and unified statement against the brazen, unconstitut... February 28, 2024 | Judicial Watch Judicial Watch Lawsuit: Records Reveal at Least 23 Biting Incidents… East Wing Tours Stopped for 20 Minutes Due to Blood on the Floor (Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch announced today that it received 269 pages of records from the U.S. Secret Service related to incidents of aggression by President Biden’s dog Commander, including at least 23 biting incidents. After o... February 27, 2024 | Judicial Watch Judicial Watch Settles State Department Lawsuit that Uncovered Hillary Clinton’s… Judicial Watch is Awarded $97,000 (Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch announced today it settled its 2014 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit, which sought the emails of then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton regarding the Benghazi attack. This suit led directly to the disclosure of Clinton’s u... February 26, 2024 | Judicial Watch POWERFUL SPEECH: Justice for Ashli Babbitt: FITTON at CPAC Judicial Watch President @TomFitton speaks at CPAC 2024. Fitton discusses Judicial Watch’s work, including cleaning voter rolls and Judicial Watch’s wrongful death lawsuit against the U.S. Government for the killing of Ashli Babbitt on January 6, 2021. Plus more! WATCH NOW! August 17, 2022 | Judicial Watch Sign Up for SMS Text Alerts Breaking News In The News Judicial Watch Lawsuit: Records Reveal at Least 23 Biting Incidents… Judicial Watch Settles State Department Lawsuit that Uncovered Hillary Clinton’s… POWERFUL SPEECH: Justice for Ashli Babbitt: FITTON at CPAC Sign Up for SMS Text Alerts Attacking Biden dog had it out for security agents Is Foreign Cash Turning Our Kids Into Terrorist Sympathizers? Why did Texas A&M decide to shut down its Qatar… Mandatory IRS Diversity Training Includes Material From Trans Academic Who… Press Releases Corruption Chronicles Tom Fitton's Judicial Watch Weekly Update The Verdict In The News Attacking Biden dog had it out for security agents Is Foreign Cash Turning Our Kids Into Terrorist Sympathizers? Why did Texas A&M decide to shut down its Qatar… Mandatory IRS Diversity Training Includes Material From Trans Academic Who… Filter by Breaking News In The News Tipsheets Breaking News In The News Tipsheets Tipsheets Judicial Watch Settles Historic Hillary Clinton Email Lawsuit! Tipsheets | March 04, 2024 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch Settles State Department Lawsuit that Uncovered Hillary Clinton’s Unsecure, Nongovernment Emails Judicial Watch announced r... Press Releases Judicial Watch Statement on Unanimous Supreme Court Ruling on Trump Ballot Dispute Press Releases | March 04, 2024 (Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton made the following statement regarding the Supreme Court ruling allowing Donald Trump’s eligibility on the 2024 Colorado pri... Tom Fitton's Judicial Watch Weekly Update Judicial Watch Settles Historic Hillary Clinton Email Lawsuit! Tom Fitton's Judicial Watch Weekly Update | March 01, 2024 Judicial Watch Settles Lawsuit that Uncovered Hillary’s Unsecure Emails Records Reveal at Least 23 Biting Incidents by Biden’s Dog Commander Ghastly 7,300% Surge in Illegals from S... Press Releases Judicial Watch Lawsuit: Records Reveal at Least 23 Biting Incidents by Biden’s Dog Commander Press Releases | February 28, 2024 East Wing Tours Stopped for 20 Minutes Due to Blood on the Floor (Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch announced today that it received 269 pages of records from the U.S. Secret Servic... Press Releases Judicial Watch Settles State Department Lawsuit that Uncovered Hillary Clinton’s Unsecure, Nongovernment Emails Press Releases | February 27, 2024 Judicial Watch is Awarded $97,000 (Washington, DC) – Judicial Watch announced today it settled its 2014 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit, which sought the emails of then-S... Corruption Chronicles Ghastly 7,300% Surge in Illegal Immigrants from Same Nation as College Student’s Murderer Corruption Chronicles | February 26, 2024 While most mainstream media coverage flagrantly omits that the man charged in the murder of a Georgia nursing student is an illegal immigrant who entered the United States through ... Tom Fitton's Judicial Watch Weekly Update New Biden Censorship Targeting Tom Fitton's Judicial Watch Weekly Update | February 23, 2024 Judicial Watch Taking the Lead—For America at CPAC! Biden Agency Gives College Nearly $1 Million to Monitor Americans for Possible Censorship Democrats Furious at Special Counsel f... Investigative Bulletin Democrats Furious at Special Counsel for Transparency on Biden Memory Failures Investigative Bulletin | February 22, 2024 High-ranking Democratic Party officials professed shock, shock, when Special Counsel Robert Hur on February 8 released a report describing President Biden as an “elderly man with a... Corruption Chronicles DOJ Gives College Nearly $1 Million to Track Spread of “Mis-, Dis-, and Mal-information” Corruption Chronicles | February 21, 2024 As the presidential election approaches, the Biden administration is expanding its controversial initiative to control information and censor Americans by funding a new project tha... View All In The News Attacking Biden dog had it out for security agents In The News | March 01, 2024 From Washington Examiner: In one just revealed by the legal watchdog group Judicial Watch, Commander apparently jumped for the throat of an agent who was opening a patio door to t... In The News Is Foreign Cash Turning Our Kids Into Terrorist Sympathizers? In The News | February 26, 2024 From Daily Caller: Judicial Watch and the Zachor Legal Institute spent more than five years successfully fighting the Qatar Foundation in Texas courts for access to information tha... In The News Why did Texas A&M decide to shut down its Qatar campus? In The News | February 22, 2024 From The Jerusalem Post: Why would a respectable public American university decide to shut down its Middle East campus, sacrificing international prestige and hundreds of millions ... In The News Mandatory IRS Diversity Training Includes Material From Trans Academic Who Called For ‘Death Of… In The News | February 21, 2024 From Daily Wire: The diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) training forced on criminal investigators with the Internal Revenue Service featured content from a transgender professo... In The News Mayorkas personally rejected RFK Jr. Secret Service protection In The News | February 14, 2024 From Washington Examiner: “It is simply despicable that Secretary Mayorkas refused needed Secret Service protection for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.,” he said, adding, “That it took a fed... In The News Secret Service orders ‘no response’ to RFK Jr.’s protection plea In The News | February 08, 2024 From Washington Examiner: The new emails obtained by the legal watchdog Judicial Watch indicate that the decision to provide or deny protection is in the hands of Homeland Security... In The News Judicial Watch Lawsuit Demands FBI's Ashli Babbitt Files In The News | February 06, 2024 From Newsmax: Judicial Watch, claiming the FBI is engaged in a “cover-up” in the death of Ashli Babbitt, the U.S. Air Force veteran who was shot and killed during the J... In The News FBI charged with Jan. 6 ‘cover-up’ in Ashli Babbitt shooting case In The News | February 06, 2024 From Washington Examiner: A watchdog group is escalating its battle with the Justice Department over the FBI’s refusal to turn over files on Ashli Babbitt, the United States Air Fo... In The News DA Fani Willis, alleged lover Nathan Wade hit with subpoenas to testify in Trump… In The News | February 05, 2024 From The New York Post: Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis and her alleged lover and lead prosecutor on the Trump election fraud case in Georgia have been hit with subpoen... View All Tipsheets Judicial Watch Settles Historic Hillary Clinton Email Lawsuit! Tipsheets | March 04, 2024 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch Settles State Department Lawsuit that Uncovered Hillary Clinton’s Unsecure, Nongovernment Emails Judicial Watch announced r... Tipsheets Judicial Watch Fights for Election Integrity! Tipsheets | February 12, 2024 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch Fights to Keep Elections Honest For more than a decade, Judicial Watch has been fighting to keep elections free and fair. O... Tipsheets NEW: Judicial Watch Sues FBI for Ashli Babbitt Records Tipsheets | February 05, 2024 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch Sues FBI for Files on Ashli Babbitt – Family Demands Records Judicial Watch announced recently it filed a Freedom of Inform... Tipsheets Trump Ballot Supreme Court Fight! Tipsheets | January 22, 2024 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch, Allied Educational Foundation File U.S. Supreme Court Amici Brief Opposing Colorado Court Decision to Remove Trump from Ba... Tipsheets NEW Secret Biden Emails! Tipsheets | January 16, 2024 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch: Records Show Joe Biden Used Email Alias in Correspondence which Included Hunter Biden and James Biden; Signed Off on Brief... Tipsheets JUSTICE! Historic Ashli Babbitt Lawsuit FILED IN COURT! Tipsheets | January 08, 2024 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch Files $30 Million Wrongful Death Lawsuit against U.S. Government on behalf of Ashli Babbitt’s Husband and Estate Judicial W... Tipsheets Judicial Watch Victory! DC Cleans Voter Rolls! Tipsheets | December 11, 2023 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases DC Removing 103,000 Ineligible Names from the Voter Rolls in Response to Judicial Watch Judicial Watch announced recently that it sent not... Tipsheets Fitton to Question Candidates at Republican Presidential Debate Tipsheets | December 05, 2023 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton to Question Candidates Wednesday at Republican Presidential Debate Judicial Watch, America’s leading g... Tipsheets DC Spends $270k To Repaint BLM Outside WH! Tipsheets | November 27, 2023 Top Headlines of the Week Press Releases Judicial Watch: DC Government Spends $270,000 To Repaint “Black Lives Matter” on Street Near White House Judicial Watch announced recently... View All Hillary Clinton Email Scandal is Back! Hunter Testimony Update! March 01, 2024 View All Subscribe FITTON: Prosecution of Trump is Irredeemably Tainted by Fani Willis Affair March 01, 2024 Pres. Javier Milei’s Triumph over Socialist Corruption w/ Juana de los Santos February 27, 2024 Subscribe to Judicial Watch TV Stay up-to-date with all things Judicial Watch by subscribing to Judicial Watch TV. Over 400,000 people have subscribed and trust Judicial Watch TV as a daily news source. Subscribe Join Judicial Watch and help fight government corruption on every level. Submit Take Action Now DEMAND A SECURE BORDER NOW Help Stop the Assault on Election Integrity View All Five more ways to fight corruption Use this website to learn more about all our anti-corruption and anti-government secrecy investigations and lawsuits. Share what you learn and educate your local community...friends, family, co-workers, neighbors. Fight Now Sign up FREE for the latest news and updates from America's #1 news source Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions User Agreement The International Program Contact © 2024 Judicial Watch, Inc. By providing your phone number, you are consenting to receive calls and recurring SMS/MMS messages, including autodialed and automated calls and texts, to that number from the Judicial Watch. Msg&data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help, STOP to end. Terms & conditions/privacy policy apply. Judicial Watch is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Contributions are received from individuals, foundations, and corporations and are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law. Shop Donate Home News JWTV Store Donate * Δ