Home - Yale University Press London Skip to content Books Articles & Extracts Books By Season Digital Products Ebooks New Releases Textbooks Authors Subjects All Subjects Art Architecture History Biography Business & Economics Literary Studies Music Political Science Religion Science Series Ancient Lives Black Lives English Monarchs Jewish Lives Little Histories Margellos World Republic of Letters Pevsner Architectural Guides Why X Matters View All Series Museums & Partners Getty Publications The Metropolitan Museum of Art The National Gallery London Pallant House Gallery Paul Mellon Centre View All Partners Contact General Enquiries Connect With Sales Publicity Enquiries Rights & Permissions Meet Our Editors About Us Our Story Yale Representation Ltd Working at YaleUP London Resource Hub Close Menu Search X Books Authors On The Site Advanced Search Home Featured Titles New Releases More to Explore Browse Explore Discover From Our Blog Navalny and the Evolution of the Opposition – an extract from Ben Judah’s ‘Fragile Empire’ An extract from Ben Judah's Fragile Empire based on an interview with Russian opposition activist and Putin critic Alexei Navalny. Read More England’s Cathedrals: A Timeline — by Nicholas Orme The History of England's Cathedrals author, Nicholas Orme, takes us through a timeline of their foundation and development. Read More The Stripping of the Altars – 50 Years in 50 Books An extract from Eamon Duffy's prize-winning account of the pre-Reformation church in England , The Stripping of the Altars. Read More Tudor Fashion – 50 Years in 50 Books Tudor Fashion was first published in hardback in 2017 and re-released in paperback in 2021. We are re-sharing this fascinating Q&A with author, Eleri Lynn. Read More Yale eBooks Look out for our ebooks app - coming soon Many of our books are also available as ebooks. In partnership with Glassboxx, Yale University Press London is developing an app exclusively for reading ebooks purchased from this website. Sign up to the Yale newsletter for book news, offers, free extracts and more Tel: +44(0)20 7079 4900 Email: [email protected] Column Contact Us Resource Hub Privacy Policy Working at YaleUP London Column Catalogues New Releases YaleBooks Blog Visit the Yale US Website © 2024 Yale University Press London. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Supadu We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. ACCEPT Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings