University of York Skip to content Accessibility statement Staff and /students Staff homepage Student homepage Semester dates Timetables Library VLE e:Vision Directory Email A-Zs Undergraduate courses Postgraduate taught courses Postgraduate research courses Departments and centres Colleges Support services Directory Maps and directions Full A-Z Jobs Alumni Europe Campus Search york.ac.uk Search Study Research Business About Global News Events York Unlimited More… Staff and students Staff homepage Student homepage Semester dates Timetables Library VLE e:Vision Directory Email A-Zs Undergraduate courses Postgraduate courses Departments and centres Colleges Support services Staff directory Maps and directions Full A-Z Enquiring minds, inspirational teaching and pioneering research Study with us Our research York Virtual Visit Courses Search for a course Browse courses Undergraduate Postgraduate taught Research Undergraduate courses Postgraduate taught courses Research degrees Online and distance learning courses Masters Taster Day Join us on campus on 13 March to get a taste of why so many people love living and learning at the University of York. Sustainability Week Join us from 4 to 8 March for a week of activities and events to raise awareness about environmental and social issues. Explore our research We inspire and change lives. A member of the Russell Group, our thriving research and innovation culture is at the forefront of new knowledge and understanding. Our research reflects our extraordinary and diverse community and partnerships. From a spark of curiosity, we explore the unknown and open up new ideas and opportunities for all. Flight of fancy Research shows that butterflies mimic each other’s flight behaviour to dissuade predators. AI and E AI ‘social robot' DAISY offers the potential to reduce emergency waiting times. Delayed diagnoses Endometriosis takes an average of 6.6 years to be diagnosed, with delays of up to 27 years in the UK. Past meets present Researchers look to AI to reshape the heritage sector and enrich stories of the past. Support in difficult times These are challenging times for many of our community. We're doing what we can to help: Support through the cost of living crisis Global crises support Equal Access Fund for asylum seeking students Celebrating 60 years Our 60th anniversary gives us a moment to not only reflect on how far we've come, but how far we're going to go. Since our foundation in 1963, we've been guided by a compelling purpose: being single-minded in combating inequality, championing social justice and advancing opportunity for all. And there is so much more to do - our future is limitless. Celebrate our 60th anniversary News and events Study International Scholarships Discover scholarships to help students from across the world join our diverse and welcoming community. Study Undergraduate updates Planning your future? Sign up for advice, events and alerts about undergraduate study and get on course to university. Event Assuring Autonomy 8 March 2024 The Centre for Assuring Autonomy launches with a webinar on the future of safe and responsible autonomous systems. Event What's it all about? Algae 20 March 2024 Algae made the earth habitable for humans; can they now help protect the planet from our impact? Study Graduate discount York graduate? See if you're eligible to save 10 per cent on postgraduate taught tuition fees. News On good authority York researchers showcased their work at the launch of the York and North Yorkshire Combined Authority. News New dressing robot can ‘mimic’ the actions of care-workers 4 March 2024 News Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology sign partnership agreement with University of York 28 February 2024 News Engines of innovation and economic progress - new report highlights the impact of Russell Group universities 28 February 2024 News New UK-wide project launched to transform the culture and practice of research supervision 27 February 2024 All news All events Campus and city life Our safe and inclusive campus environment and our student-friendly city provide everything you need to make the most of your university experience. Student life Make friends for life, discover new passions and learn invaluable skills. Discover why you'll love York. Accommodation Be right at the heart of the action. Choose from a range of room types on or very near to campus. The city of York Lively, full of culture and beautiful, York is regularly voted one of the best places to live and visit in the UK. Campus map Explore where things are on our compact green campus. Campus map Semester dates Find out about how the academic year is structured. Semester dates Visit us Visit us and you'll find out why so many students choose York. Visit us Information for Prospective students Current students Staff Alumni Press and media About The University Research Business Global News Events York Unlimited Quick links A-Z Departments Contacts Maps and directions Semester dates Job vacancies York Virtual Visit Contact us University of York York YO10 5DD United Kingdom +44 (0) 1904 320 000 © University of York Legal statements | Privacy | Cookies | Modern slavery statement | Accessibility