Best Ad Blocker & Privacy Browser | Ghostery Become a Contributor Sign In Ghostery Privacy Suite Tracker & Ad Blocker Private Browser Private Search Privacy Digest Home Support Blog Shop Learn more Privacy you can see Browse the web safer, faster & with less ads. 100+ million downloads across platforms 10+ years fighting for your privacy Always open source Get Ghostery for Chrome or See how it works Our core privacy tools Tracker & Ad Blocker Install in any browser Block hidden trackers Hide intrusive ads Prevent cookie pop-ups Get browser extension Private Browser Available for desktop and mobile Built-in Tracker & Ad Blocker Integrated Private Search Based on Firefox Install web browser Private Search Independent of Big Tech Free of tracking and profiling Tracker information beside search results No ads for Contributors Switch to Private Search Explore complete Ghostery Privacy Suite We’ve been mentioned in the press Let’s change digital privacy together We have outstanding support within the Ghostery community, many contributing not only financially but also their talents to the success of our mission. Become a Contributor GHOSTERY PRIVACY SUITE Ghostery is more than just an ad blocker Ghostery provides several applications that work together to ensure optimal privacy protection. Whether you need an ad blocker, a privacy browser, or a private search engine, Ghostery has you covered. Ghostery Tracker & Ad Blocker Supported on every browser and device, the Ghostery Tracker & Ad Blocker Extension is built to block ads, stop trackers, hide ads, and prevent pop-ups while you browse the web. Ghostery neutralizes trackers, preventing them from collecting your personal data. Our browser extension removes personal identifiers and replaces them with random values, leaving data collectors clueless about your identity. Learn more Ghostery Private Browser Based on Firefox, the Ghostery Private Browser delivers the maximum level of speed, privacy, and security. Our browser comes with built-in tracker & ad blocking capabilities as well as a comprehensive privacy search engine, making it your ideal choice for more privacy on the web. Learn more Ghostery Private Search The Ghostery Private Search Engine provides unbiased and impartial results. Assisted by WhoTracks.Me, our private search identifies and shows trackers even before you visit a site. Ghostery Private Search is ad-free for Contributors. Learn more Ghostery Privacy Digest Privacy Digest is a newsletter designed to help you stay safe and take control of your online activity and digital identity. We send our newsletter every second Friday of the month. Learn more Over 100+ million Ghostery downloads for privacy protection Best tracker protection there is Martin chrome web store Best ad-blocker I've ever used! I love the Ghostery 10 redesign and 'Never Consent'! Gabriel Firefox Browser ADD-ONS Ghostery is an excellent extension and I love it. Sarju Love this Privacy Ad Blocker. Unobtrusive and effective. Cheryl Firefox Browser ADD-ONS Thank you for the work you do. Leslie Highly recommend it. Free and good. Erases all ads and does not ask for a subscription Yousef Edge Add-ons Exceptional. I can't browse the internet without it. Kyle chrome web store Has to be the best overall privacy protector I have ever had the privilege of using. Thank you Ghostery. MyFF Addons Firefox Browser ADD-ONS Ghostery has been instrumental in enhancing my online privacy. I've been a satisfied user for around 10 years, consistently relying on Ghostery's effective tools. Suoa … Well done and thank you for your service to humanity. Maximillian chrome web store Thank you on your excellent product. The day the ads took over 1/2 the screen, I realized just how incredibly annoying they are, & how grateful I am for your program. Connie I have it on Chrome and Firefox and does the trick quick n easy. Mike chrome web store Blocked annoying cookie files consent (thanks EU) for free Alex I have been using Ghostery for years. It is a good feeling to know they are protecting me while I am browsing online. But the feature I love most is their ‘Never-Consent’ to cookies. Kate great it's blocks also cookies consent dialogs- loving it Jin chrome web store I would not even consider traveling to a site without Ghostery leading the way. dopeydragon Firefox Browser ADD-ONS Has worked well for me. Tools such as this that protect your privacy online are increasingly important. IronicK Firefox Browser ADD-ONS Ghostery is great, the released Never-Consent suppressing cookie popups is a master, and in addition, deleting ads on Safari on Youtube is also a glory. Leszek Join the Ghostery user community and protect your personal data online from 12,842 Chrome Web Store reviews Get ghostery now Privacy and Transparency online Discover the latest trends, insights and best practices in online privacy and security. Guide Free Ad Blockers vs Paid Ad Blockers: What's The Difference? Guide What Does Google Know About Me? Guide What is the Best Privacy Browser? Learn more about privacy and transparency online Visit our blog Join 100+ Million Ghostery downloads Protect your privacy with the web’s most advanced tracker & ad blocker! Get Ghostery for Chrome Follow us on X.com Linkedin Facebook GitHub Privacy Suite Tracker & Ad Blocker Private Browser Private Search Privacy Digest Browser Extensions Ghostery for Chrome Ghostery for Firefox Ghostery for Safari Ghostery for Opera Ghostery for Edge Comparisons AdGuard uBlock Origin Lite uBlock Origin Adblock Plus Privacy Badger Ghostery Status Ghostery Manifesto Become a Contributor Ghostery Enterprise Shop Sign in Blog Help FAQ Contact Support Submit a Tracker Data request Design guidelines About Privacy © 2024 Ghostery GmbH. All rights reserved. Ghostery, the Ghostery logos, Ghostery Insights are registered trademarks of Ghostery GmbH. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Imprint