WordStream | Online Advertising Made Easy Blog Recent Articles Google Releases New Local Services Ads Metrics to Measure Reach The 8 Absolute BEST Advertising Platforms for 2024 3 A/B Testing Examples Every PPC Advertiser Should Try Reader FavoritesGoogle Ads Benchmarks for Your Industry How Much Do Google Ads Cost? 11 Reasons Your Google Ads Aren’t Showing 21 Facebook Advertising Tips to Try Right Now How Much Do Facebook Ads Cost? 120 of the Best Marketing Words and Phrases How Much Do Instagram Ads Cost? Popular Articles15 Insanely Effective Sales Promotion Examples How to Do a SWOT Analysis 7 of the Best Value Proposition Examples The 9 Best Email Subject Line Styles The Comprehensive Guide to Online Advertising Costs How to Ask for Reviews Free Google Ads Performance Grader Google Display Metrics Start Now View Blog Free Tools Featured Tools Find out if you're making costly mistakes—and how to fix them. Get ready to improve your reach, results, and ROI—fast. Discover the best keywords for your PPC and SEO goals. Get found by new customers in the apps they use every day. Google Ads Performance Grader Facebook Ads Performance Grader Free Keyword Tool Free Business Listings Grader Free Website Grader Start now View All Tools ResourcesPPC UniversityWhat Is PPC? Best Ad Types for Small Businesses The Last Guide to Account Structure You’ll Ever Need The Power of Remarketing Intro to Keyword Match Types Intro to Social Media Marketing View All Courses Guides120 Best Words and Phrases for Marketing with Emotion 25 Ways to Get More Website Traffic Hacking Google Ads Google Ads Account Structure Google Ads Benchmarks 7 Facebook Ad Fundamentals PPC 101 Exceptional PPC Ad Copy Data & BenchmarksGoogle Ads Benchmarks Facebook Ads Benchmarks The Most Popular Keywords in 100+ Industries 9 Things We Learned from Analyzing 600+ Google Ads Google Shopping Ads Benchmarks Always-Updated Online Advertising Benchmarks PPC 101: A Beginner's Guide Get my guide View All Resources Solutions About UsWordStream WordStream by LocaliQ is your go-to source for data and insights in the world of digital marketing. Check out our award-winning blog, free tools and other resources that make online advertising easy. Learn MoreLocaliQ LocaliQ is a growth marketing platform built to help businesses find, convert, and keep more customers. LocaliQ provides marketing products backed by proprietary technology to help businesses seize their potential. Learn More Ready to grow your business? Get a demo Free Google Ads Grader Free Google Ads Grader Stop wasting money in Google Ads. Get an instant audit of your account with the Free Google Ads Performance Grader. Get your free report Get a true readon your performance The Google Ads Performance Grader How are your Google Ads really performing? Find out with a free, instant report card, with scores in nine key areas (plus tips on how to improve!) Wasted spend Quality Score Click-through rate Impression share Best practices Account activity Long-tail keywords Mobile optimization Grade My Account Get ready to grow your business. LocaliQ offers technology-backed marketing solutions built to help you find, convert, and keep more customers. 130M hours saved 263M leads delivered $12.4B in revenue generated Seize your potential Schedule a demo today to learn how LocaliQ’s marketing platform can help you achieve your goals. Let’s Talk Keyword Research Made Fast and Easy THE FREE KEYWORD TOOL Keyword research can be a slog, but our free tool makes it a cinch to find the keywords your business needs to drive traffic through SEO and PPC. Simply enter a keyword or URL to get: Hundreds of relevant keyword suggestions Tailored to your industry and location With keyword volume and cost per click data Using the latest Google Search data Find My Keywords The WordStream Blog Visit the Blog Google Releases New Local Services Ads Metrics to Measure ReachGoogle started rolling out new metrics to help you measure Local Services Ads. Find out what they are and how to use them.Keep Reading More Articles The 8 Absolute BEST Advertising Platforms for 2024Which advertising platforms are worth your time (and budget)? We're breaking down the top ones to consider.3 A/B Testing Examples Every PPC Advertiser Should TryPlus, understand what it takes to make any A/B testing example work for your business with these handy tips and tricks. Performance Marketing 101: Everything You Need to KnowGet the rundown on all things performance marketing. Learn More About Marketing Explore all our free resources The Last Guide to Google Ads Account Structure You'll Ever NeedThis is the easy, visual guide to a successful Google Ads account—from campaigns and ad groups to keywords and extensions.PPC 101: A Beginner's Guide to PPCThis is PPC simplified into eight core components with actionable advice for each—making it perfect not just for beginners, but for anyone looking to improve their strategy.How to Make Great Landing Pages (with Crazy High Conversions)We discovered the key traits of high-converting landing pages that you won't find in the regular old best practices. Examples included! Our best tips and tricks, straight to your inbox Sign up for our weekly newsletter and get the insights you need to learn and grow! Loading... Free ToolsGoogle Ads Grader Facebook Ads Grader Free Keyword Tool Website Grader Explore TopicsCopywriting Facebook Ads Industry News & Insights Instagram Lead Generation Marketing Ideas Paid Search Marketing SEO Social Media Websites & Online Presence LearnBlog Top Blog Posts Guides PPC University Marketing 101 Infographics Marketing TipsGoogle Ads Industry Benchmarks Facebook Advertising Benchmarks What Is a Good Conversion Rate? Guide to Google Ads Account Structure 24 Ad Copy Examples How Much Does Google Ads Cost? CompanyAbout WordStream About LocaliQ Solutions Careers Contact Us855.967.3787 +1.866.971.0933 © WordStream. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Trademarks | Legal | Cookie Settings