City and County of San Francisco Skip to main content EnglishEspañol中文Filipino Menu Services Departments Search Latest Make a plan to vote between now and March 5, 2024 Get official election info Services Activities Things to do in San Francisco. Building Construction resources and property information. Business Starting, owning, and closing a business. Disability Services and resources for the disability community in San Francisco. Food Get free or low-cost food, meals and find local food pantries. Government Get personal records, pay taxes or fines, work or volunteer with the City. Health Getting medical care, insurance and mental health support. Homelessness Find City and external resources for people experiencing homelessness. Housing Finding and staying in housing. Immigrants Resources and programs helpful to immigrants. Jobs Find jobs, fellowships, and internships with the City of San Francisco. Problems and complaints Tell us about issues. Safety Personal safety and preparedness. Transportation Driving, parking, buses, Muni, and paratransit. News Today is Election Day for the March 5, 2024, Consolidated Presidential Primary Election March 5, 2024 The Department of Elections Will Operate 501 Neighborhood Polling Places on Election Day, March 5 March 4, 2024 Sexual Health Prevention Tool Associated with Declines in Sexually Transmitted Infections in San Francisco March 4, 2024 San Francisco's February Tent Count: Number of Tents on City Streets Drop Significantly Since July March 1, 2024 See more news Elected Officials 2,1 London Breed Mayor London Nicole Breed is the 45th mayor of the City and County of San Francisco. Mayor Breed is the first African-American woman Mayor in San Francisco’s history. Board of Supervisors 2,1 Aaron Peskin President of the Board, Supervisor District 3 2,1 Connie Chan Supervisor District 1 2,1 Catherine Stefani Supervisor District 2 2,1 Joel Engardio Supervisor District 4 2,1 Dean Preston Supervisor District 5 2,1 Matt Dorsey Supervisor District 6 2,1 Myrna Melgar Supervisor District 7 2,1 Rafael Mandelman Supervisor District 8 2,1 Hillary Ronen Supervisor District 9 2,1 Shamann Walton Supervisor District 10 2,1 Ahsha Safai Supervisor District 11 The Board establishes policy and adopts legislation to meet constituents' needs. Find your supervisor Elected Officers 2,1 Manohar Raju Public Defender 2,1 Brooke Jenkins District Attorney 2,1 Paul Miyamoto Sheriff 2,1 José Cisneros Treasurer 2,1 David Chiu San Francisco City Attorney You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Was this page helpful? Yes No Report something wrong with this page Yes What was helpful about this page? We cannot reply individually to all feedback. If you need assistance, call 311. No What's wrong with this page? We cannot reply individually to all feedback. If you need assistance, call 311. Report something wrong with this page What's wrong with this page? We cannot reply individually to all feedback. If you need assistance, call 311. Leave this field blank Footer menu Jobs with the City Contact us About this website Footer Bottom Disclaimer Privacy policy City and County of San Francisco Back to top