Smart Connected Toys & Games | Particula Spring Sale! Ends in GoCube GoDice GoChess Shop 0 Add joy, quality, and magic To your time spent with friends & loved ones Shop Now Watch Video Loved by 500,000+ happy customers, across 100+ countries. Experience your favorite games reinvented and reimagined Experience your favorite games reinvented and reimagined Equipped with brains and connectivity, AI, a companion app, and interactive experiences, the timeless classics come to phygital life. 5000+ Five star reviews 5000+ Five stars reviews As Featured On GoCube have given the Rubik’s Cube a new lease of life. It's no longer just for the gifted, it’s now for everyone! This pocket-sized puzzle is fun for new and experienced cubers alike and teach you to solve it in no time. It’s a joy to spin the faces; even my other modern smart cube puzzles don’t feel quite so slick. Rubik's Cube just got upgraded with GoCube. This is an endless brainteaser that makes screentime more active. It'll keep their brain sharp and give them with a cool new party trick to show off. Once you get your hands on a GoCube you probably won't be able to put it down. If they like Rubik's cubes, the cool Rubik's Connected will help them learn the technique and even compete virtually. It connects using Bluetooth & allows them to learn how to solve it, play minigames, and battle other players. It's a great STEM gift, too. GoCube gives hope to the hopeless with instructions for solving it, even when it’s royally screwed up. A Rubik’s Cube is the perfect childhood toy. And how do you improve on perfection? With the GoCube. GoCube have given the Rubik’s Cube a new lease of life. It's no longer just for the gifted, it’s now for everyone! This pocket-sized puzzle is fun for new and experienced cubers alike and teach you to solve it in no time. It’s a joy to spin the faces; even my other modern smart cube puzzles don’t feel quite so slick. Rubik's Cube just got upgraded with GoCube. This is an endless brainteaser that makes screentime more active. It'll keep their brain sharp and give them with a cool new party trick to show off. Once you get your hands on a GoCube you probably won't be able to put it down. If they like Rubik's cubes, the cool Rubik's Connected will help them learn the technique and even compete virtually. It connects using Bluetooth & allows them to learn how to solve it, play minigames, and battle other players. It's a great STEM gift, too. GoCube gives hope to the hopeless with instructions for solving it, even when it’s royally screwed up. A Rubik’s Cube is the perfect childhood toy. And how do you improve on perfection? With the GoCube. Play together with the worlds smartest toys. GoCube Unlock the Secrets of Cubing Learn More Watch Video Learn More Watch Video GoDice Discover the Magic Power of Board Games Learn More Watch Video Watch Video Learn More GoChess Smart Robotic Boards Learn More Watch Video Learn More Watch Video Play Chess with Friends Near or Far Now Live On Indiegogo Happy Players My little brother can solve a Rubik cube, so this gives me the perfect tool to train up and beat him! It’s a great gift idea for people who love games and puzzles, but maybe want a little break from sitting in front of a screen all day! Sammy F. Did you have a Rubix Cube as a kid growing up? How cool is this one 🙂 Madison loves all kind of challenges from puzzles to games, now she got one that really gets her brain ticking- the GoCube Smart Rubik Cube. Jasmin Lim Zakeriah is absolutely loving this and can’t wait to tell all his friends about it when he goes back to school. If you have a gamer in the house then this is a must have. Shereen H Have you ever wanted to learn how to complete one of these? Definitely look at grabbing a @go.cube ! Over the holiday season I’ll learn how to solve it! Jayden Rodrigues This smart connected dice makes Game Nights more exciting! There are lots of fun games to play. I also like how the dice lights up when rolled. The best part is that the dice charges up in 10 seconds, there is no need to stop the game! Sasha What a time to be alive, GoDice! They’re perfect for you guessed it, gaming on the go. Dani Standring My little brother can solve a Rubik cube, so this gives me the perfect tool to train up and beat him! It’s a great gift idea for people who love games and puzzles, but maybe want a little break from sitting in front of a screen all day! Sammy F. Did you have a Rubix Cube as a kid growing up? How cool is this one 🙂 Madison loves all kind of challenges from puzzles to games, now she got one that really gets her brain ticking- the GoCube Smart Rubik Cube. Jasmin Lim Zakeriah is absolutely loving this and can’t wait to tell all his friends about it when he goes back to school. If you have a gamer in the house then this is a must have. Shereen H Have you ever wanted to learn how to complete one of these? Definitely look at grabbing a @go.cube ! Over the holiday season I’ll learn how to solve it! Jayden Rodrigues This smart connected dice makes Game Nights more exciting! There are lots of fun games to play. I also like how the dice lights up when rolled. The best part is that the dice charges up in 10 seconds, there is no need to stop the game! Sasha What a time to be alive, GoDice! They’re perfect for you guessed it, gaming on the go. Dani Standring "Thanks to the GoCube Solver, I was able to finish my first cube in under 10 minutes! It was a great experience." - Anton S. GoDice has made game nights so much fun! We love to play different party games included in the app like Trivia and Dice Poker! - Revital M. The Perfect Gift for your Team Show appreciation for your team with a unique and memorable gift. Customize award-winning products GoCube and GoDice with your brand logo. Perfect for employees, partners, and event gifting! Contact us for more information on bulk purchases. Go to Shop Corporate Gifting Shop GoDice Full Pack GoRPG Extension GoCube Full Pack GoCube 2×2 Rubik’s Connected About Us Become an Affiliate Press Room Corporate Gifting Refer and Earn Customer Support Shipping Compliance Guides Contact Us Privacy Terms & Conditions Warranty Returns Awards-winning, no bragging needed.