GazetteXtra | Local matters Skip to main content Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe NowLatest eEdition Site search Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Home About Us Contact Us Legals Terms of Use Privacy Policy Employment e-Edition Daily Screentime Parade Special sections News Local Crime Public Record Agriculture Walworth County Names in the News State Nation/World Weather Sports High School Local College National Sports Betting News Obituaries Submit an obituary Local Events Promote your event Announcements Anniversaries Births Death Notices Engagements Thank You Letters Weddings Kicks Dining Reviews 20Q Interviews TV listings Community Community Briefs Names in the news Opinion Columns Letters to the Editor Other Views Our Views Political Cartoons Submit News Release/Photo Newsletters Videos & Photo Galleries Videos Photo Galleries Traffic Cameras User-submitted Galleries Local Business Spotlight The Insiders: Sponsored Content Contests Games Special Sections Bought & Sold Classifieds Place An Ad Autos Jobs Submit News 47° Partly Cloudy Submit News Tuesday, March 5, 2024 e-Edition Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe Now Menu Search Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search Home News Sports Sports Betting News Obituaries Crime Opinion Kicks Events Classifieds Jobs Subscribe Contests Games Help FAQs E-Edition How to Top Story Local News Art in Bloom: Janesville florist and event planner chosen for Milwaukee art show KYLIE BALK-YAATENEN kbalkyaatenen@gmail.com 17 hrs ago JANESVILLE — A downtown Janesville florist and event planner is preparing to show an art-inspired floral display at the Milwaukee Art Museum’s annual Art in Bloom event. Local News Local News Schutt plans to run for Assembly again BELOIT DAILY NEWS 9 hrs ago Rep. Ellen Schutt, R-Clinton, has announced she will seek re-election for the 31st Assembly seat. Government Aimee Scrima steps into role as Southern Wisconsin Regional Airport's new director RYAN SPOEHR ryan.spoehr@apg-sw.com 17 hrs ago JANESVILLE – Aimee Scrima, the new director of the Southern Wisconsin Regional Airport, served her first official day on Monday. Local News Public record for March 4, 2024 GAZETTE STAFF Mar 4, 2024 Rock County Local News Soup for the Soul: New Rock Ministries connects with Fourth Ward neighborhood KATIE GARCIA katlyn.garcia@apg-sw.com Mar 3, 2024 JANESVILLE – Comparing the ingredients in soup to actions folks should take in their lives, lay minister Josh Stone dropped a carrot and a rib of celery into a pot of water balanced on his podium. Load more Local Sports Local Possible rematch between rival high schools tops March Madness wish list 7 hrs ago Basketball fans, our favorite month has finally arrived. Local North American Hockey League: Chippewa overcomes two-goal deficit in first period to beat Janesville in overtime Mar 3, 2024 Janesville squandered a two-goal first-period lead Saturday night in a 4-3 overtime loss to Chippewa at the Janesville Ice Arena. Boys Basketball Milton's first-half struggles on offense send Red Hawks to regional defeat vs. Mount Horeb Mar 3, 2024 A second-half surge was not enough to help Milton overcome an 11-point first half in a regional championship loss at Mount Horeb on Saturday night. Boys Basketball WIAA boys basketball: Lakeside Lutheran upends Turner 65-47 to win consecutive regional championships Mar 3, 2024 LAKE MILLS -- From start to finish, the Warriors dominated. Load more State & Regional News State Another inmate found dead at troubled Wisconsin prison By TODD RICHMOND - Associated Press 44 mins ago Another inmate has been found dead at a troubled Wisconsin prison, the fourth in the last eight months. State Department of Corrections officials said Tuesday that 62-year-old Donald Maier died at Waupun Correctional Institution on Feb. 22. They said that the Dodge County Sheriff's Office an… State Nevada fake electors won't stand trial until January 2025 under judge's new schedule By KEN RITTER - Associated Press 20 hrs ago Six Republicans accused of falsely declaring Donald Trump the winner of Nevada’s 2020 presidential election will not stand trial until next January. A Nevada judge on Monday pushed back the trial date because of conflicting schedules. The judge also set a hearing for next month on a bid by s… State Takeaways from the Wisconsin 2020 fake electors lawsuit settlement By COREY WILLIAMS and SOPHIA TAREEN - Associated Press 21 hrs ago More than 1,400 pages of emails, text messages and other documents released Monday reveal details of a strategy by Republican operatives tied to then-President Donald Trump to overturn Joe Biden’s 2020 victory in Wisconsin. The documents settle a civil lawsuit filed against two attorneys and… State Evers signs Republican-authored bill to expand Wisconsin child care tax credit ASSOCIATED PRESS Mar 4, 2024 Democratic Gov. Tony Evers has signed a Republican-authored bill that expands Wisconsin's child care tax credit. Load more National & World News Nation/World V-J Day 'Kiss' photo stays on display as VA head reverses department memo that would've banned it By ZEKE MILLER - AP White House Correspondent 16 mins ago The Veterans Affairs secretary is reversing a department memo that aimed to ban VA displays of the iconic “V-J Day in Times Square” photograph showing a Navy sailor kissing a strange woman on the streets of New York at the end of World War II. VA Secretary Denis McDonough acted Tuesday hours… Nation/World Dartmouth men's basketball team votes to unionize, though steps remain in forming labor union By JIMMY GOLEN - AP Sports Writer 16 mins ago HANOVER, N.H. (AP) — The Dartmouth men's basketball team voted to unionize Tuesday in an unprecedented step toward forming the first labor union for college athletes and another attack on the NCAA's deteriorating amateur business model. Nation/World DeSantis will send troopers to Miami Beach, other cities during spring break Aaron Leibowitz - Miami Herald (TNS) 15 mins ago Gov. Ron DeSantis announced Tuesday that 140 state troopers will be deployed across Florida to assist 17 different law enforcement agencies with anticipated spring break crowds. Nation/World Dartmouth basketball team votes to unionize in historic step toward forming the first labor union for college athletes AP 20 mins ago Dartmouth basketball team votes to unionize in historic step toward forming the first labor union for college athletes. Load more Opinion Opinions from our readers, editorial board, and other views from around the country Other Views Guest Views: A ‘better’ FAFSA is making financial aid much worse Feb 29, 2024 Letters to the Editor Letters: Fair maps return the people's voice to Wisconsin government Feb 29, 2024 Letters to the Editor Letters: Putting off lifestyle change hastens climate change Feb 29, 2024 Other Views Guest Views: Alabama Supreme Court’s terrible in vitro fertilization decision Feb 27, 2024 Load more Kicks Your local entertainment destination: Things to do, music, food, books, theater Kicks 10 things to do in Janesville the week of Feb. 29, 2024 Rachel Brands Feb 29, 2024 Fireside tales at the library, movie night at First Lutheran Church, and the Birds and Blooms opening reception are among our editor’s pick of 10 upcoming things to do in Janesville and the surrounding area.. Night Music Where to find live and local entertainment Feb. 29-March 7. 2024 Feb 29, 2024 Thursday, Feb. 29 Kicks 10 things to do in Janesville the week of Feb. 22, 2024 Rachel Brands Feb 22, 2024 A craft beer festival, candlelight hike, and a movie showing at the library are among our editor’s pick of 10 upcoming things to do in Janesville and the surrounding area.. Kicks 10 things to do in Beloit the week of Feb. 22, 2024 Rachel Brands Feb 22, 2024 A maple sugar festival, American Red Cross blood drive, and a family game day are among our editor’s pick of 10 upcoming things to do in Beloit and the surrounding area. Load more Good Day Janesville Encouraging news from around the community. Good Day Janesville Sunny Side Up: Crazy new word games LEANNE LIPPINCOTT-WUERTHELE Feb 29, 2024 I’ve always loved words and hated numbers, especially whenever I weigh myself. Good Day Janesville Not Just Another Day: A leap of faith for singles on Leap Year Day RITA BECK Feb 29, 2024 Attention single guys and gals, in case you didn’t know, today is February 29th, that infamous calendar anomaly called “Leap Year Day.” Why is this something the unattached should take note of? Good Day Janesville Sunny Side Up: Basement playroom memories LEANNE LIPPINCOTT-WUERTHELE Feb 22, 2024 Many people who grew up in the 1950s probably have fond memories of their childhood home, such as baking cookies with their mother in the kitchen. Without a multitude of siblings (my mother had eight), they may have had their very own bedroom; a favorite, private room where they could “chill.” Submit your good news! Do you have a story that will bring a smile to the faces of other Janesville and Rock County residents? Then please share your "good news" and photos with us! Submit Featured video 2023 Workplace Campaign Video Aug 21, 2023 United Way fights for the health, education, and financial stability of every person in the Blackhawk Region. We are united in purpose. Trending Now Art in Bloom: Janesville florist and event planner chosen for Milwaukee art show Public record for March 4, 2024 Aimee Scrima steps into role as Southern Wisconsin Regional Airport's new director Rock County 4-H Fair seeking first-ever beer garden license Schutt plans to run for Assembly again Screentime Screentime Parade Your Weekly Parade Latest e-Edition The Gazette To view our latest eEdition, click the image on the left. Newsletters Sign up today!Choose from a variety of newsletters delivered right to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE NOW Promote your event If you have an event you'd like to list in our calendar, submit it now! Go to form Stocks Market Data by TradingView Obituaries For the Record: Death Notices Death notices for Mar. 5, 2024 Death notices for Mar. 4, 2024 Death notices for Mar. 2, 2024 Death notices for Feb. 29, 2024 Death notices for Feb. 28, 2024 Death notices for Feb. 27, 2024 Death notices for Feb. 26, 2024 Public Record Public record for Feb. 22, 2024 Public record for Feb. 21, 2024 Public record for Feb. 19, 2024 Public record for Feb. 15, 2024 Public record for Feb. 14, 2024 Public record for Feb. 13, 2024 Public record for Feb. 9, 2024 Bought & Sold View a weekly listing of Rock and Walworth county real estate transactions as recorded by the Wisconsin Department of Revenue. Bought and Sold Listings Feb. 18-24 Bought and Sold Listings Feb. 11-17 Bought and Sold Listings Feb. 4-10 Photo Collections Community Names in the News & More! Names In The News Petruzzello participates in Central College Service Learning. Mar 1, 2024 Central College Community Briefs Humane Society of Southern Wisconsin expands veterinary surgical services GAZETTE STAFF Feb 29, 2024 JANESVILLE – The Humane Society of Southern Wisconsin is expanding veterinary surgical services, which includes a “large” increase in spay and neuter appointments,” according to a release issu… Names In The News Ulset named to Saint Mary's Dean's List Feb 27, 2024 Saint Mary's University of Minnesota Community Briefs Walworth County Tree House Memorial Scholarship offered GAZETTE STAFF Feb 26, 2024 ELKHORN — Walworth County graduating seniors who are making a difference in the lives of children are encouraged to sign up for the Tree House Memorial Scholarship, due on Friday, March 1. Load more The Insiders: Advice from Local Businesses sponsored Tips to pick the right plants for your landscape May 25, 2023 The maintenance required to keep a plant healthy and looking good is a key considerationwhen designing a landscape. sponsored Dig Into Tasty, Nutrious Potatoes Apr 27, 2023 Potatoes are a staple of many people's diets. Versatile, affordable and tasty, potatoes are, not surprisingly, included in myriad recipes Special sections Special Sections Young At Heart Feb 20, 2024 Special Sections Money Matters Feb 15, 2024 Special Sections Spring Bridal Jan 24, 2024 Promo Walworth County SmartShop Jan 23, 2024 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Sections GazetteXtra News e-Edition Sports Weather Arts & Entertainment Local Events Obituaries Opinion Announcements Videos & Photo Galleries Special Sections Contests Classifieds Services Place an ad Obituary guidelines Contact us About us Search Photo reprints Drone policy Career opportunities Terms of Service × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 The Gazette 1 S. Parker Drive, Janesville, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.