Home | Sierra Club Skip to main content ShapeCombined ShapeCombined ShapeShapeCombined Shapeic_video_youtube_blackSC Logo_Horiz Web Black Now it's up to us: help us make positive environmental change Be a champion for the environment. 🌲 Become a Wilderness Guardian You can help protect wildlife and wild places. WAYS TO GIVE Your location Displaying stories, actions and events near Unknown. Your nearest Sierra Club chapter:View all chaptersChange Location:UpdateTurn location off login Shop Join Renew About Us Explore Issues Take Action Get Outside Donate Join Renew Donate login Explore Issues Take Action Get Outside Ways to Give About Us Careers Chapters Your Location: Unknown Displaying stories, actions and events near Unknown. Your nearest Sierra Club chapter:View all chapters Change Location:UpdateTurn location off Fight for the Planet Sierra Club is working tirelessly to protect wildlife and wild places, ensure clean air and water for all, and fight the devastating effects of climate change. Donate Home Sierra Club is the most historic grassroots environmental organization in the country. For more than 130 years, we’ve gathered millions of activists and volunteers to fight for the places, people, and planet we all love. 281 Coal Plants Retired We are addressing the climate crisis by stopping the expansion of fossil fuels and accelerating the transition to a clean energy economy. 439 Parks and Monuments Protected We are at the forefront of the movement to preserve the beauty, natural environments, and recreational opportunities that public lands and waters provide. 64 Local Chapters We partner with the most impacted communities to ensure all people benefit from clean air, fresh water, a stable climate and a direct connection to nature. Join Our Movement We can stop the climate crisis. But we must act now, together, to save our home, our world. The Sierra Club has people in 50 states across the country ready to mobilize. Will you join us? Take Action Get involved in Your nearest Sierra Club chapter: View all chapters Change Location:Update Turn location off We’re building a movement that helps people from all walks of life connect to protect the places they live and the lands they love. See what’s happening in your neck of the woods.Learn More Get Outside The Sierra Club Outings program provides environmentally friendly outdoor adventures—from Tahoe to Tibet—for people of all ages, abilities, and interests. Find a trip that feels like it was designed for you today. Take a Trip Sierra Magazine Sierra is a national print and digital magazine publishing award-winning journalism. It combines features on green living and outdoor adventure with reporting about threats to the environment, conveying the ideals at the heart of the Sierra Club’s mission. Sierra Club members enjoy a free subscription to Sierra.See our Winter Issue Sign up for the latest environmental news and actions. Sign up is Processing Whoops! Something went wrong. Please email webmaster@sierraclub.org Thanks for joining the millions of Sierra Club supporters who are fighting to protect our world, and our future! Donate Email Address Zip Code Sign Up By signing up, you are opting in to receive periodic communications from the Sierra Club. Be a Champion for the Environment We must work tirelessly to protect wildlife and wild places, ensure clean air and water for all, and fight for environmental justice. Remind Me Later Give Now >> Remind Me Later *Providing your email OR phone number allows us to follow up at a later time to ask for your help in preserving our precious wildlife. Please enter a valid email address. Email Remind Me Please enter a valid phone number. Mobile By clicking Remind Me, you will also receive periodic communications from the Sierra Club. You can unsubscribe at any time. Msg & Data Rates May Apply.Text STOP to opt out. No purchase necessary. You'll also receive Sierra Club mobile action alerts (expect 4 msgs/mo). Terms and Conditions JOIN RENEW DONATE Enter terms to search About the Sierra Club About Us History & Archives Accomplishments Equity & Inclusion EcoCentro (en Español) Sierra Club Library Careers Press Room Brand Partnerships Accessibility Our Vision Get in Touch Contact Us My Account More from The Sierra Club Store Local Chapters Environmental Law Grassroots Network Sierra Magazine Find us on Facebook Find us on Instagram Find us on Twitter Find us on YouTube Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms and Conditions of Use Sierra Club® and "Explore, enjoy and protect the planet"® are registered trademarks of the Sierra Club. © Sierra Club 2024.The Sierra Club Seal is a registered copyright, service mark, and trademark of the Sierra Club.