Newsweek - News, Analysis, Politics, Business, Technology U.S.WorldScienceHealthLifeRankingsOpinionEntertainmentFact CheckMy TurnEducation Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Subscribe for $1Login × Subscribe for $1 Login U.S. World Science Health Life Rankings Opinion Entertainment Fact Check My Turn Education Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Share Copy Link Top StorySuper Tuesday 2024 Live Updates: Trump Wins GOP Primary in North Carolina, TennesseeTue, Mar 05, 2024 By Alex Backus 6 MIN READ U.S. Republican Super Tuesday Results: Donald Trump, Nikki Haley Updates By Maura Zurick 1 MIN READ Politics Donald Trump's Losing White Evangelicals to Joe Biden By Matthew Impelli 2 MIN READ U.S. Full List of New Criminal Charges Democrat Bob Menendez Faces By Natalie Venegas 2 MIN READ News Donald Trump Wants to Change a 40-Year Trend By Andrew Stanton 4 MIN READ The Daily Debate The Supreme Court Just Demanded Trump Be on the Ballot. Is the Ruling a Win for Democracy—or Its Death Knell? The Supreme Court Must Not Be the Final Word on Disqualifying Trump By Claudine Schneider The Supreme Court Has Restored Order. Lincoln Would Be Proud By Mark R. Weaver Top stories TrendingOpinionTop Stories Democratic Super Tuesday Results: Joe Biden, 'Uncommitted' Vote UpdateAn option to cast a protest vote against President Joe Biden over his response to the Israel-Hamas war is on the ballot in multiple Super Tuesday states. By Maura Zurick 2 MIN READ Kari Lake's Senate Race Takes a New Turn By Nick Mordowanec 4 MIN READ California Hospital Sees Record-High Migrants Injured by Border Wall By Nick Mordowanec 5 MIN READ Nikki Haley 'Leaving a Trail of Breadcrumbs' for Joe Biden By Matthew Impelli 2 MIN READ Arctic Ocean To Become 'Ice-Free' in Matter of Years By Ian Randall 4 MIN READ TRENDINGIsrael at WarVladimir PutinRussia-Ukraine WarDonald Trump Newsletter World in Brief How Donald Trump and Joe Biden Polls Look Eight Months Before Election Donald Trump's Super Tuesday Might Not Go to Plan Ukraine Strikes Targets in Crimea, Eliminates 1,150 Russian Troops: Kyiv Millions May Qualify for Free Retirement Money Homeowners Encouraged to Build Apartments on Their Property Featured Content World in BriefWelcome to the Bulletin,Carroll's lawyer slams Trump: Roberta Kaplan, lawyer for E. Jean Carroll, has hit back at Donald Trump's efforts to stay an $83.3 million defamation award won by the columnist. Read her letter here.Supreme Court stings Abbott: The Supreme Court temporarily halted Texas' new law permitting state law enforcement to detain suspected illegal entrants, signed by Governor Greg Abbott. Find out why.Abbas to visit Turkey: Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will visit Turkey today to discuss the war in Gaza and reconciliation efforts between Palestinian factions, according to Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan.U.S. air force employee arrested: David Franklin Slater, 63, was arrested for allegedly sharing classified national security information about Russia's war in Ukraine on a foreign online dating site. Know more about the case.In the ongoing war in Ukraine, Ukrainian forces destroyed the Russian Black Sea Fleet's newest patrol ship, the Sergey Kotov, using naval drones in an overnight attack, Kyiv's military intelligence said.If you like this newsletter, please share it. If you've been forwarded this email, you can sign up here. If you have any story tips, feedback or ideas for what we should do next, please email Emeri B. Montgomery. We appreciate your feedback and you starting your day with us. How Donald Trump and Joe Biden Polls Look Eight Months Before Election TL/DR: "The focus for many will be on Trump's advantage, but his support hasn't wavered much since late fall.” Republican Daron Shaw, who conducts the Fox News poll, said.Joe Biden and Donald Trump are still neck-and-neck in the polls ahead of November's 2024 election. Biden narrowly beats Trump in two of the last six serious surveys, Trump leads in three and one is tied, according to FiveThirtyEight's collection of national polls.Why it matters: Polls reveal greater voter concern about the 81-year-old president's age. Perceptions favor Trump on his handling of the economy with his ongoing legal issues having limited impact on reelection prospects. A Morning Consult survey on March 4 showed Biden edging past Trump by one point (44% to 43%), marking Biden's first lead in this poll since early January. 85% of Biden's 2020 voters indicated continued support for him in 2024, the highest share since September 2023.Read more in-depth coverage:Joe Biden Faces New Election ProblemDonald Trump's Policies Are Actually PopularGen Z Loves Donald Trump More Than Any Other Age Group What happens now? By the end of Super Tuesday, Trump is expected to all but secure the 2024 Republican presidential nomination according to polling (read more on Trump’s Super Tuesday below). Biden, who had no serious challenges in the Democratic primary, should also soon be confirmed as the Democratic nominee. Donald Trump's Super Tuesday Might Not Go to Plan TL/DR: "There's still 20, 30, 40 percent Republicans who are saying no, I'm going to pass on this, and independent voters who are coming out to cast a vote against him, is not the unified-Republican-party theory of the case that there will be absolute fealty to him." Rick Wilson, founder of The Lincoln Project said.Donald Trump could still face questions about his hopes to win the 2024 Election even if he sweeps the GOP primary races today on Super Tuesday as expected.Why it matters: Although expected to secure the GOP nomination following victories in eight of the first nine primaries, there are concerns in winning over the general population in November with polls showing the former president underperformed in Michigan, New Hampshire and Haley's home state of South Carolina, beating his only serious rival by 20 points compared to a predicted 27.7 points.Read more in-depth coverage:Super Tuesday Polls: Trump and Haley's Chances in Key StatesDonald Trump Rages at DOJ Ahead of Super TuesdayNikki Haley Concerned Donald Trump Won't Follow Constitution What happens now? Haley could make serious inroads on Super Tuesday in Virginia, where she reduced Trump's lead to eight points in an IPOR poll of likely GOP primary voters. However, Thomas Gift, founding director of the Centre on U.S. Politics at University College London, suggests Trump has "virtually no pressure" no matter what support Haley manages to receive. Ukraine Strikes Targets in Crimea, Eliminates 1,150 Russian Troops: Kyiv TL/DR: Kyiv said that it destroyed at least 6,648 Russian tanks and 10,210 artillery systems since the beginning of the war, including 8 and 22 over the past 24 hours, respectively.The Ukrainian military purportedly launched a massive drone attack on an oil pipeline in occupied Crimea during the same 24-hour period when Kyiv claimed to have eliminated over 1,000 Russian troops from the battlefield.Why it matters: Several Russian media reports said at least 38 Ukrainian drones attacked oil targets near the occupied port town Feodosia on Sunday, according to The Kyiv Post. While the Russian Ministry of Defense claimed to have successfully shot down all the drones, an oil pipeline, a road and several houses and cars were reportedly damaged, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine said in a Facebook post that 1,150 Russian troops had suffered casualties over the past 24 hours, including deaths and service-ending injuries.Read more in-depth coverage: Explosion Hits Bridge Used by Military Deep Inside Russia, Kyiv ConfirmsCrimea Naval Drone Attack Destroys Russia's Newest $65M Patrol ShipFrench President Walks Back Comments on Sending Troops to Ukraine What happens now? Shortly after the drone strikes were said to have occurred, Russia's 11-mile Kerch Bridge—which provides a vital supply link between Crimea and Russia's Krasnodar region—was temporarily closed. It was unclear whether the bridge was targeted in a new attack. Millions May Qualify for Free Retirement Money TL/DR: “This incentive is specifically for low- and middle-income earners, the ones most likely to struggle financially in retirement, it incentivizes them to save now," said financial therapist Lindsay Bryan-Podvin.More than 20 million Americans could qualify for free retirement money under the new SECURE 2.0 Act, which allows certain individuals to get a matching retirement plan contribution from the federal government starting in 2027.Why it matters: Among all tax filers, 83.8 million taxpayers have eligible incomes for the Saver's Match, but you also need to have a wage income to take advantage. Matches will have a maximum value of $1,000 at a rate of $0.50 per dollar contributed by each employee, and the cap is at $2,000 annually. Financial planner Stephan Drescher told Newsweek the match will be directly deposited as a Roth contribution into the employee's retirement account, "so it will grow tax-free and not be subject to taxes upon withdrawal". Read more in-depth coverage: Social Security Update: Here's When Seniors Will Receive March PaymentsArizona Retirees Owe $96,000 in Student Loans: 'Don't Know What Happened'When Are March 2024 Social Security Payments Coming? What happens now? Still, it's not an end all, be all program. Financial literacy instructor Alex Beene told Newsweek this should not be seen as a full retirement offering, and personal savings and Social Security will still be necessary. Homeowners Encouraged to Build Apartments on Their Property TL/DR: "They kind of create rental supply more so than a smaller home that would be available for a separate purchase," Chief economist Danielle Hale told Newsweek. "We need both types of housing—for sale and rental housing."The city of Passaic, New Jersey is considering a proposal to allow homeowners to add small units on their lots, part of a move to help increase the supply of homes available for residents at a time when communities across the country are facing housing shortages.Why it matters: Many believe accessory dwelling units, known as "in-law suites" or "granny suites," can help ease the pressure of rental costs as America faces a shortage of over 7 million single-family homes. And Passaic isn't alone in this. New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy said that he supports "the construction" of these units in his state budget address. Phoenix, Arizona, also recently passed an ordinance to allow homeowners to build accessory dwelling units on their lots.Read more in-depth coverage: America's Housing Market Isn't Catching UpWashington State's Rent Control Plan Could BackfireLandlords Pause Rent Increases as Demand Falls What happens now? Local city regulations have been a limiting factor, but Jamison Manwaring, CEO of Neighborhood Ventures, believes over time there will be such a strong demand from consumers, that “cities and counties are going to have to approve it.”Featured ContentI'm Suing Harvard. Antisemitism Is Out of ControlIn Judaism, there is an idea of passing knowledge and traditions down "l'dor v'dor"—from generation to generation. As if called to fulfill my part, I learned that I was accepted to Harvard's Divinity School while visiting the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in Poland.I have always been passionate about my Jewish identity and wanted to explore that identity from an academic and pluralistic perspective.As the only Orthodox Jew in the program, I wanted to be an ambassador for my people. I wanted to share my culture with other community leaders and learn about theirs. I came to Harvard to build bridges. The Full STORY Trending 10,000 Steps Can 'Offset' Death Risk By Pandora Dewan 2 MIN READ 10,000 Steps Can 'Offset' Death Risk By Pandora Dewan 2 MIN READ Sleeping Under Six Hours Linked to Diabetes By Pandora Dewan 2 MIN READ Death Valley's Lake Is Vanishing Again By Robyn White 2 MIN READ Alina Habba Could Be in Deep Trouble By Ewan Palmer 3 MIN READ Jason Kelce Shouted Out His 'Humbled' Band Teacher in Retirement Speech By Thomas Westerholm 5 MIN READ Wildfire Map Reveals Your Neighborhood's Risk By Aleks Phillips 2 MIN READ Stimulus Check Update as IRS Warns Time Is Running Out to Claim Payment By Aliss Higham 2 MIN READ Why Kate Middleton Pictures Are Barred in Britain By Jack Royston 3 MIN READOpinion Who Will Build the Tech Future—America or China? By Susana Martinez and Bradley A. Smith Former RNC Chair: Supreme Court Ruling Doesn't Exonerate Trump By Marc Racicot Fresh Evidence That UNWRA Isn't Helping Anyone—Not Even the Palestinians By Aviva Klompas Sen. Vance Is Half Right, but Ukraine Is Not the Problem By Debra Cagan and John Herbst GOP Rep: Why Do We Let China Buy So Much American Farmland? By Dan Newhouse Religious Persecution in Nigeria Is Getting Worse By Sean Nelson In Colorado Ballot Case, the Supreme Court Got It Right By Ilya Shapiro A Trump's 2024 Victory Is the Boost Russia's Putin Is Looking For By Maurizio Geri Donald Trump's Personal Agenda Is to Rip NATO Apart By Tom Rogers There Can Still Be a Trump Federal Trial Before Labor Day By Brianne Gorod The Debate The Supreme Court Must Not Be the Final Word on Disqualifying Trump | Opinion By Claudine Schneider VS The Supreme Court Has Restored Order in a Chaotic Time. Lincoln Would Be Proud | Opinion By Mark R. Weaver Trump is Gaining with Latinos Because He Delivered the America Dream | Opinion By Monica De La Cruz VS Why the Politics of Republican Latinos Suggests They Want To Be White | Opinion By Efrén Pérez Mass Amnesty for Illegal Migrants Would Be a Disaster | Opinion By Paul du Quenoy VS Biden Needs to Do the Right Thing and Offer Amnesty to Undocumented Workers | Opinion By Sergio Suárez and Pedro Zamora Alabama Embryo Ruling Brings Much-Needed Regulation to Fertility Industry | Opinion By Emma Waters VS Embryos Are Kids? Judicial Tyranny and Justice in the Name of Jesus | Opinion By Melina Cohen Why the World Hasn't Ended Before Now and What's Changed | Opinion By Jason Fields VS There's an Upside to all this Geopolitical Chaos–Yes, Really | Opinion By Anna Rosenberg GOP Rep: Biden Must Be Charged or Removed. There Is No Middle Ground | Opinion By Claudia Tenney VS No, the 25th Amendment Can't Be Used to Remove Biden, Despite the Hur Report | Opinion By Danny Cevallos Trump 2.0 Is Exactly What Conservatives Should Want | Opinion By Jonathan Tobin VS A Second Trump Term Should Worry Conservatives—A Lot | Opinion By Scott Morefield Actually, Partisanship Is Good—When the Other Side Is Today's Insane GOP | Opinion By David Faris VS How To Be an Anti-Partisan | Opinion By William Cooper Women's Sports Are Under Threat at Every Level—Including the Olympics | Opinion By Jocelyne Lamoureux, Monique Lamoureux, and Jennifer C. Braceras VS The Bill To Ban Trans Athletes in Olympics Is Shameful | Opinion By Frankie Perez Legislating the Future—Safeguarding Creativity in the Age of AI | Opinion By Stacy Whittle VS Boomers in Congress Are About to Outlaw Memes | Opinion By Brad Polumbo Russia-Ukraine War Ukraine Sinking Russian Warship Sparks Warning From UK Official By Jon Jackson 2 MIN READ Ukraine Sinking Russian Warship Sparks Warning From UK Official By Jon Jackson 2 MIN READ US Space Command Leader Warns of Russia's Future Space Plans By Kaitlin Lewis 2 MIN READ Video Shows Russian Patrol Ship Blown Up After Missing Advancing Sea Drones By Ellie Cook 2 MIN READ Crimea Naval Drone Attack Destroys Russia's Newest $65M Patrol Ship By Isabel van Brugen 3 MIN READ Vladimir Putin Is Concerned About Low Voter Turnout: ReportA new report says the Kremlin wants a high turnout at Russia's presidential elections to make the results look more legitimate. By Jon Jackson 2 MIN READ TRENDING In Russia-Ukraine WarRussiaVladimir PutinVolodymyr Zelensky NewsletterThe Josh Hammer ReportGet the latest opinions from our Senior Editor-at-Large and more from today's top conservative minds. sign up NewsletterThe frontlinesIn-depth coverage of The New World Order sign up Entertainment Jon Stewart Savages 'Dirty' Dr PhilThe 61-year-old comedian mocked talk-show host McGraw with his "dirty" Dr. Phil impression on "The Daily Show." By Sophie Lloyd 2 MIN READ Palace Secrecy Has Made Kate Middleton Vulnerable By James Crawford-Smith 3 MIN READ Palace Secrecy Has Made Kate Middleton Vulnerable By James Crawford-Smith 3 MIN READ MAGA Calls on Doritos to Get Bud Light Treatment By Chloe Mayer 3 MIN READ Kate Middleton Secrecy Is 'Not Sustainable' By Jack Royston 2 MIN READ Travis Kelce's Sweet Message to Taylor Swift at Jason's Retirement Speech By Shannon Power 3 MIN READ TRENDING In EntertainmentInterviewRoyal FamilyDisneyParting Shot podcastThe Josh Hammer ShowPolitics, law, and culture collide as Newsweek Senior Editor-at-Large Josh Hammer charts a path forward for American conservatism and exposes the woke Left. listen newsletterFor The CultureFor the Culture newsletter is your weekly resource in TV, music, movies and celebrity life to keep you in the know. sign up My Turn I'm suing Harvard. Antisemitism is out of control By Shabbos Kestenbaum 5 MIN READ I'm suing Harvard. Antisemitism is out of control By Shabbos Kestenbaum 5 MIN READ I survived FGM and child marriage. I have a real problem with NGOs By Jaha Dukureh 8 MIN READ In Wendy Williams I saw my father's shattering diagnosis By Virginia Jeffries 5 MIN READ I was determined to cure my daughter. But I learned a powerful lesson By Jessica Fein 4 MIN READ I thought I could control my drinking. I had a big wake up callI started to lose faith in myself and my sense of control. It felt like I was constantly failing. By Shane Biggus 4 MIN READ Life & Trends Cat Who Interrupted Wedding Ceremony Finds Forever Home With NewlywedsIt was only once the couple acknowledged their uninvited guest that the cat "quietened down for the rest of the ceremony." By Alyce Collins 3 MIN READ Husband So Excited by Gender Reveal Cake He Forgets Most important Detail By Lydia Smith 2 MIN READ Husband So Excited by Gender Reveal Cake He Forgets Most important Detail By Lydia Smith 2 MIN READ Couple's Hack for Saving Money on Drinks When Eating Out Cheered: 'Smart' By Soo Kim 2 MIN READ Moment 'Polite' Bear Carefully Breaks Into Homeowner's Car Caught on Camera By Jack Beresford 2 MIN READ Mom Wakes Up to Nightmare After Falling Asleep on Sofa By Lydia Smith 2 MIN READ Fani Willis Case Upended As Prosecutor Offers To Testify Against Her Mar 5, 2024 00:58 Donald Trump Potentially Being Briefed On US Intelligence Raises Eyebrows Mar 5, 2024 00:56 Housing Market Update: When Will Prices Come Down? Mar 5, 2024 01:10 In the magazine See All FeaturesMarch 15 issue How AI Will Help the World's Top Hospital CEOs Transform Health Care World's Best Hospitals 2024 These Are the 10 Best Hospitals in the World Navalny's Prison Interview Revealed: 'I Do Not Believe in Death' How Xi's 'Thought Eradication' Led to China's Uyghur 'Genocide' REGISTER NOW A Newsweek conference. June 3rd, San Diego. The new era of life sciences.News & insights delivered dailySee why nearly half million subscribers begin their day with our newsletter. Sign Up SPONSORED INSIGHT İstanbul is the New Cool SPONSORED INSIGHT Japan’s Construction SMEs Navigate Changing Demographics Podcasts SCOTUS Is Now Front and Center for the 2024 Presidential ElectionJosh explains all you need to know about the U.S. Supreme Court expediting its hearing on former President Trump's claim of immunity in Jack Smith's election case, gives his hot take on Mitch McConnell finally stepping aside as Senate GOP leader, explains the recent media-manufactured IVF "controversy" in Alabama, and more. Premium Subscription Digital + Monthly Newsweek magazine delivered to your doorNewsweek Voices: Diverse audio opinionsEnjoy ad-free browsing on Newsweek.comComment on articlesNewsweek app updates on-the-go Subscribe now Newsweek Voices: Diverse audio opinionsEnjoy ad-free browsing on Newsweek.comComment on articlesNewsweek app updates on-the-goHome delivery option available Subscribe now Editor's Picks Supreme Court's Quiet Division on Trump Ballot CaseThe court may have ruled unanimously, but the liberal justices felt their conservative colleagues went too far. By Katherine Fung 3 MIN READ Donald Trump's Four Word Reaction After Supreme Court RulingThe Supreme Court ruling overturns a previous Colorado decision that was viewed by Trump and his supporters as highly partisan. By Nick Mordowanec 1 MIN READ Mass Casualty Incident at US-Mexico Border By Khaleda Rahman 2 MIN READ Joe Biden Receives Ominous Election News Out of Texas By Ewan Palmer 2 MIN READ Royal Caribbean Sued Over Cruise Ship Passenger Allegedly Left to Die By Khaleda Rahman 4 MIN READ U.S. Doritos cuts ties with transgender ambassador after backlashThe company cited offensive past comments from the influencer, denying that gender identity was a factor in the decision. By Thomas Kika 2 MIN READ Arizona's housing market 'crisis' gives Kari Lake 2024 confidence By Alexander Fabino and Alex J. Rouhandeh 2 MIN READ Donald Trump blasts Fox News in new scathing post By Thomas Kika 2 MIN READ Students could see money for college double By Alexander Fabino 3 MIN READ Alvin Bragg invokes Judge Engoron's words in case against Trump By Thomas Kika 2 MIN READ World Russian Black Sea fleet fleeing Crimea upends Putin's plan By Ellie Cook 3 MIN READ Video shows Russia's $4.5M T-90 tank destroyed in drone attack By Isabel van Brugen 2 MIN READ Videos show China's water cannon attacks on US ally By Micah McCartney 3 MIN READ Putin allies quietly gathering private armies By Isabel van Brugen 2 MIN READ Arrest warrant for Russian military chiefs issued by Hague courtLieutenant General Sergei Kobylash and Admiral Viktor Sokolov are accused of war crimes for directing strikes against Ukrainian infrastructure. By Brendan Cole 3 MIN READ Business Americans in one city are getting $300 to help pay for foodIf you meet certain criteria in Boulder, Colorado, you could earn an extra $300 to put toward food costs. By Suzanne Blake 2 MIN READ The homebuyers who need $270,000 income to afford a home By Suzanne Blake 3 MIN READ Coca-Cola sued over missing ingredient By Aleks Phillips 2 MIN READ Stimulus check update: Residents in one state to get $1,312 March payment By Suzanne Blake 2 MIN READ Father evicted after breaking up with girlfriend of 20 years By Suzanne Blake 3 MIN READ Tech & Science Psychologist reveals "simple" new way to reduce anxiety By Robyn White 2 MIN READ Most of North America's lizards species now "at risk" By Robyn White 2 MIN READ Brains of older adults boosted in just 12 weeks by daily fiber supplement By Pandora Dewan 2 MIN READ Scientists discover exception to 200-year-old natural law By Robyn White 2 MIN READ New species of giant ancient sea lizard with 'dagger-like teeth' foundThe "positively demonic" marine reptile may have measured around 25 feet long and would have been a top predator millions of years ago. By Aristos Georgiou 4 MIN READ Sports Bears Offseason: Tagging Jaylon Johnson answers one question, more remainChicago placed the non-exclusive franchise tag on its star cornerback ahead of the 4 p.m. ET deadline Tuesday, the team announced. By Robert Read 4 MIN READ Caitlin Clark's new sponsor might foreshadow her WNBA future By Thomas Westerholm 2 MIN READ Jalen Brunson knee injury status: Knicks star avoided worst-case scenario By Robert Read 3 MIN READ Donovan Mitchell injury: What we know about the Cavs guard's knee issue By Joe Kozlowski 3 MIN READ Women's basketball conference tournament guide: Schedule, brackets, TV Info By Robert Read 3 MIN READ Expert Forum Revolutionizing Corporate Innovation: Embracing the Future with Outcome-Bas By Ian Wilding 4 MIN READ Don't Fear Delegation, Delegation is Freedom By Donna Marie Cozine 4 MIN READ Why Do We Accept Infinite Stars, but Can't Resist a Wet Paint Sign? By Martin Lindstrom 2 MIN READ Vision-Setting: How to Set Yourself Up for a Successful Year Ahead By Sheena Meade 4 MIN READ Global Cannabis Outlook: Worldwide Developments in 2024As some countries fully embrace recreational cannabis, others are taking cautious steps toward decriminalization or permitting medicinal use. By Shawna Seldon McGregor 4 MIN READ Newsweek Leadership By Nancy Cooper Global Editor in Chief What is fair reporting? We asked our readers to tell us By Dev Pragad Owner, President and CEO Celebrating Newsweek's remarkable year By Nancy Cooper Global Editor in Chief When fairness is no longer a doctrine, it must be a practice By Kevin Gentzel Global Chief Commercial & Growth Officer Reinventing The Homepage: Unleashing Its Critical Role In The Future Of Pub U.S. World Science Health Rankings Opinion Entertainment Fact Check My Turn Education Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Trending Israel at War Vladimir Putin Russia-Ukraine War Donald Trump Subscriptions Digital+ Monthly (Ad Free Trial) $1.00 Digital+ Yearly $49.00 Premium Monthly $9.99 Premium Yearly $99 U.S. World Science Health Rankings Opinion Entertainment Fact Check My Turn Education Sports Sports Betting Podcasts Better Planet Vault Mightier Autos Newsletters Unconventional Vantage Experts Voices Trending Israel at War Vladimir Putin Russia-Ukraine War Donald Trump Subscriptions Digital+ Monthly (Ad Free Trial) $1.00 Digital+ Yearly $49.00 Premium Monthly $9.99 Premium Yearly $99 In The Magazine March 15 2024 Issue In The Magazine March 15 2024 Issue Newsletters in your inbox See all The Bulletin (Mondays to Fridays) See Sample The Gist of It (Daily) The Josh Hammer Report (Wednesdays) See Sample The Frontlines (Thursdays) See Sample Israel at War (Tuesdays and Thursdays) For The Culture (Tuesdays and Thursdays) See Sample Pawsitively (Mondays to Fridays) Better Planet (Mondays) My Turn (Sundays) Sign up now You can unsubscribe at any time. By signing up you are agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Company About Us Masthead Diversity Announcements Archive Policies and Standards Mission Statement Leadership Newsletters Press Center Editions: U.S. Edition 日本 Polska România Contact Advertise Careers Contact Us Corrections Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Terms of Sale GDPR Privacy Settings Do Not Sell My Personal Information © 2024 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC