Planned Parenthood Action Fund Go to Content Go to Navigation Go to Navigation Go to Site Search Homepage Home Blog Issues Abortion Law Map Bans Off Our Bodies Store Volunteer Elections Donate Español Español Issues Issues Abortion Access Attacks on Planned Parenthood Birth Control Health Care Equity Federal Courts Sexual Assault Sex Education State Attacks Voting Rights Other Resources Read Our Blog Glossary A – Z Get Involved Get Involved Top Actions Store Volunteer Nationally Local Events Find Local Officials Local Organizations Bans Off Our Bodies Bans Off Our Bodies Basta de controlarnos Letters to the Editor Blog Abortion Laws ELECTIONS Donate Open Search Search Search Find Open Search Search Search Find We Must Reform the Federal Courts The federal courts, including the Supreme Court, have never protected all of us — and now are being used as a weapon to limit our rights. It’s time for bold changes. Take Action Learn More Take a Stand Choose time commitment 2 MIN 10 MIN 1 HOUR Abortion Access Defend Access. Donate Now. Abortion access is at risk like never before. Give now to help protect and provide care — no matter what. Learn More Attacks on Planned Parenthood Follow Us on TikTok Get fast facts and updates delivered straight from the Planned Parenthood Action team to the screen of your phone. Follow Us Abortion Access Tell Congress: Fund Reproductive Health Care Let your House member know that the government funding bill must include funding to protect our health and rights. Speak Out Now Healthcare Equity Wear Pink New items at the Planned Parenthood store. Show your support as you go about your day — with shirts, signs, hats, buttons and more. Go to the Store State Attacks Contact Elected Officials Contact them to speak openly about how you feel on the bills they’ve introduced, committees they serve on, and political contributions they’ve received Find Your Elected Officials Abortion Access Share Your Story Record a video or write a story about having an abortion, supporting someone through an abortion, or why you fight for access — #WhateverTheReason. Record a Story Abortion Access Get Involved Locally Check out volunteer and job opportunities across the country, and find your state below for local advocacy information and even more ways to get involved. Get Involved State Attacks Find an Event Together, we can win. Find an event near you or create your own. Find an Event Abortion Access Educate Yourself Stay up-to-date on reproductive health and rights with our blog. Read our Blog Is Abortion Legal in My State Now That Roe v. Wade Has Been Overturned? FIND OUT Latest Blog Posts View All What People Really Think About Sexual & Reproductive Health The TL;DR: People want health care! Dec. 31, 2023 Read more Twitter Facebook Gender Affirming Care is Essential, Life-Saving Care Trans and nonbinary people deserve to live full, healthy lives. Yet, politicians across the country are hellbent on banning access to gender-affirming care, particularly for young people. Nov. 28, 2023 Read more Twitter Facebook The Abortion Rights Lie Detector: If House Republicans Say These Things, They’re Lying We must be prepared for the lies these politicians will tell to attempt to cover their records. They’ve said what they’ve said, and they’ve done what they’ve done — and we have the receipts. Nov. 22, 2023 Read more Twitter Facebook Defeat Attacks on Health Care Fight for laws and policies to protect your rights and health. Make a gift to Planned Parenthood Action Fund now. GIFT TYPE Monthly One-Time MONTHLY GIFT AMOUNT ($10 min.) $50 $35 $25 $15 $200 $100 $60 $35 $ Donate Now Most people are giving $35 monthly. Please, give what you can. Sign Up for Email Alerts Stay on top of breaking news in the world of reproductive health and rights, including how you can fight back against attacks. We'll also keep you updated on major policy decisions and elections on the state and federal level. Zip Code* Zip Code field is required. Email Address* Email Address field is required. I agree to receive email updates from Planned Parenthood organizations. I may unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe Thank you for joining! Online activists for Planned Parenthood Action Fund stay on top of the issues that matter and get involved with campaigns that advance and protect women's rights and health. We are so glad to have you with us and will be in touch soon via email. You can also get updates on your phone. Text WIN to 22422 to get mobile alerts (Text/SMS) from our PP Action Mobile Network. You can text STOP to quit anytime. Data and standard message rates apply. Mission Statement More than 100 years ago, Planned Parenthood was founded on this simple idea: Your body is your own. If it is not, we cannot be truly free or equal. The Planned Parenthood Action Fund works to advance access to sexual health care and defend reproductive rights. Donate Follow us on Follow us on Follow us on Follow us on Follow us on SITEMAP Toggle Navigation Issues Blog Pressroom Tipsheet About Contact Us Elections Issues Toggle Navigation Abortion Access Attacks on Planned Parenthood Birth Control Federal Courts Health Equity Sexual Assault Sex Education State Attacks Voting Rights Communities Toggle Navigation Latinos for Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood Black Community Planned Parenthood Generation Action Take Action Toggle Navigation Bans Off Our Bodies Take Action Donate Get Involved Locally Store Congressional Scorecard Recess Guide Privacy Notice Terms of Use © 2024 Planned Parenthood Action Fund, Inc.