To Write Love On Her Arms To Write Love on Her Arms Home About Get Involved Stories Blog Podcast Events Self-Care Store Search the site Donate Find Help Wear Hope VISIT THE STORE Self-Injury Awareness Month There is no room for shame in healing. LEARN MORE I Am Not Ashamed of My Survival The scars don’t make me feel ashamed. I am alive. LEARN MORE The Hopeful App With journal prompts, daily encouragement, and mood-tracking DOWNLOAD Inspire hope. Give the gift of help. MAKE A DONATION Our Mission To Write Love on Her Arms is a non-profit movement dedicated to presenting hope and finding help for people struggling with depression, addiction, self-injury, and suicide. TWLOHA exists to encourage, inform, inspire, and also to invest directly into treatment and recovery. Learn More The TWLOHA Store Shop Now The Blog Read More Feb 19, 2024 — Tinamarie Cox Beneath the Mask The hard part was deciding which mask was appropriate depending on the person and the situation. Read More Feb 12, 2024 — Monika Pavlov From Gray to Radiant: Unveiling the Colors of Healing I was merely an empty shell, incapable of anything except constant pondering about how everything was futile and a waste of energy. Read More Feb 05, 2024 — S. Howard Keep Trying Until Something Sticks Sometimes, to keep yourself here, you need to figure out ways to change the immediate narrative being voiced in your head. View All Posts Give Donate Act Get Involved Connect Email Us Upcoming Events Mar 17 Los Angeles Marathon Los Angeles, CA Apr 28 Brooklyn Half Marathon Brooklyn, NY Jun 18-23 Electric Forest Rothbury, MI View All Events Get Email Updates Sign up for our newsletter to hear updates from our team and how you can help share the message of hope and help. Join our list Contact Team Jobs Press Finances FAQ Privacy Terms & Conditions Twitter Facebook Instagram TikTok Pinterest YouTube Email Close Sign up for email updates Sign up for our newsletter to hear updates from our team and how you can help share the message of hope and help.