UsingEnglish.com: English Language (ESL) Learning Online UsingEnglish.com My Account Member Dashboard Ad-Free Subscription Grammar & Vocab English Grammar Articles on Grammar Parts of Speech English Grammar Reference Grammar Quizzes/Exercises Teaching Grammar Vocabulary Reference Articles on Vocabulary Vocabulary Quizzes/Exercises Teaching Vocabulary Idioms Phrasal Verbs Irregular Verbs Articles & Resources Articles About Language Browse All Articles Articles on Learning English Speaking Out Reading Reading Comprehension Writing Writing Advice & Tips Formal Letter Writing Bibliographies Citations Pronunciation Tools Text Analyser Word Lists Testing Grammar Quizzes Language Polls How to Study for Exams Exam Tips Teaching Teacher Materials Worksheets & Handouts Lesson Plans Teacher Training Teaching Celebrations Articles About Teaching Careers & Employment Teacher Training Teaching Tips Teaching English Teaching English for Specific Purposes Teaching English in Asia Games & Activities Teacher Forum General Teaching Discussions Teacher Training Forum eBooks Forums Browse Our Forums Learning English Analysing Language ESL Questions Ask a Teacher … If you have a question about the English language and would like to ask one of our many English teachers and language experts, please click the button below to let us know: Ask a Teacher » Welcome to UsingEnglish.com Online English as a Second Language (ESL) tools & resources for students, teachers, learners and academics, covering the full spectrum of ESL, EFL, ESOL, and EAP subject areas. RIP Richard Flynn (aka TDOL), our co-founder and site Editor Students » Teachers » 470,000 Members Join our thriving global community of English learners. 22 Years of Success Celebrating over two decades of language teaching success. Materials for Students Access a wide range of interactive learning materials. Teacher Resources Essential tools and guides for effective English teaching. UsingEnglish.com was established in 2002 and is a general English language site specialising in English as a Second Language (ESL). We host a large collection of tools & resources for students, teachers, learners and academics, covering the full spectrum of ESL, EFL, ESOL, and EAP subject areas. Search Learn English. Improve your grammar and vocabulary. Looking to improve your English skills? UsingEnglish.com can help! We offer a range of materials designed specifically for ESL learners, including grammar guides, vocabulary lists and exercises. Millions of students use our site each month to improve their English, so why not join them? Give us a try today! Reference Learn the meanings of words and phrases with our extensive reference materials. English Idioms English Phrasal Verbs English Irregular Verbs English Grammar Terms Language Articles Tests & Quizzes Test your knowledge of the English language with our range of quizzes and tests. Grammar Quizzes Language Tests Reading Comprehension Language Polls Featured 70 ways to improve your English Learning a new language can be hard work, so here are 70 practical tips for improving your English that you can do outside of school or college Forums Join our busy forum and get your language questions answered. Frequently Asked Questions Learning English Analysing Language Register for free » Ask a Teacher » Tools & Resources Resources and tools help you study, learn and teach English. Text Analysis Grammar and Usage Downloadable E-books English Training Online Teach English. Resources for teachers. Are you looking for help with teaching English as a Second Language? If so, you've come to the right place. UsingEnglish.com is a site packed with resources, worksheets, lesson plans and information specifically designed for ESL teachers and students. Whether you're just getting started or are a seasoned pro, we have something to offer everyone. Teacher Resources Teacher resources including lesson plans, handouts and printables. ESL Worksheets & Handouts Lesson Plans Teacher eBooks Teaching Festivals/Celebrations New English Teacher Forum Teacher Training Resources to help you train as a teacher of English. Teacher Training Articles Teacher Training Handouts Teacher Training Forum What's New? Latest Content Additions. Here is a list of some of the latest content that's been added to the site recently. Young at Heart added to Idioms on February 18th Stuff Your Face added to Idioms on February 18th How to make learning vocabulary easier added to Articles on February 8th How to make learning grammar easier added to Articles on February 3rd Valentine’s Day superlative drawing game added to Lesson Plans on February 1st The best Valentine’s Day adjective word order practice added to Lesson Plans on January 31st Valentine’s cards there is/ are and prepositions pick and draw added to Lesson Plans on January 24th Grammar lessons on the topic of Valentine's Day added to Articles on January 22nd Valentine’s Day numbers guessing game added to Lesson Plans on January 17th Good and bad Valentine’s countable and uncountable speaking added to Lesson Plans on January 16th Browse all recent additions » ﻿ Trustpilot Subscribe to Ad-Free Browsing Enjoy a seamless learning experience without interruptions from advertisements. Find out More UsingEnglish.com is partnering with Gymglish to give you a free one-month trial of this excellent online English training course. Activate your free month of lessons (special offer for new users, with no obligation to buy) - and receive a level assessment! Sign Up Now! RSS Feed Facebook Twitter What's New RSS Feeds Site Map About Us Back to top ^ Privacy Notice Cookies Terms of Use Disclaimer Contact Us Copyright © 2002 - 2024 UsingEnglish.com Ltd. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only unless otherwise stated.