Best Password Manager: No more writing down passwords Personal Business Plans Security Download Support Log In Buy Now SPRING SALE! 30% off new RoboForm Premium subscriptions. Offer ends Mar. 31. BUY NOW × Next generation password manager Leading the way in password management technology, security, and innovation Try Business No credit card required Try Personal Simplify your online experience Stay secure and save time with our seamless password manager and form filling solution Generate and save passwords Create strong and unique passwords for each site. RoboForm captures them automatically. One click Logins and form filling No more typing. RoboForm quickly logs you in to websites and fills online forms with a single click. Scan for compromised passwords RoboForm informs you when one of your passwords has appeared in a documented breach. Secure Sharing Securely share passwords with trusted contacts without the risk of exposing senstitive data. Simplify your online experience Stay secure and save time with our seamless password manager and form filling solution. Generate and save passwords Create strong and unique passwords for each site. RoboForm captures them automatically. One click Logins and form filling No more typing. RoboForm quickly logs you in to websites and fills online forms with a single click. Scan for compromised passwords RoboForm informs you when one of your passwords has appeared in a documented breach. Secure Sharing Securely share passwords with trusted contacts without the risk of exposing senstitive data. SECURITY RoboForm Authenticator Add verification codes to RoboForm Authenticator via QR scan, adding a key, or import from other authenticator apps. Accessible on all RoboForm devices, six-digit codes can be auto-filled into log in forms with a single click. NEW FEATURE Passkey Support Passkeys are a new way to securely log in to websites without using passwords. With RoboForm, you can now save and use passkeys across all your devices. An option for everyone Unlock unparalleled value with every license option Free Unlimited passwords on a single device USD $0 Access on 1 device Best-in-class 1 click login Best-in-class form filling Password generator Built-in TOTP authenticator Compromised password scan Secure cloud backup GET FREE Premium Premium features, unlimited devices $2.49 /mo Billed Annually Everything in Free Access on all devices Web access Secure Shared Folders Emergency Access Local only mode Priority 24/7 Support BUY PREMIUM Family Up to 5 Premium accounts for you and your family $3.98 /mo Billed Annually 5 Premium accounts Unified billing Access on all devices Web access Secure Shared Folders Emergency Access Local only mode Priority 24/7 Support BUY FAMILY Business All features, one licensing model $3.35 month/user Billed Annually Start a Trial Easy user onboarding Centralized management Active Directory integration Role based permissions Full separation of business and personal passwords No sneaky upgrades Unlimited sharing groups Security policy deployment Detailed reporting Pay as you go - No contracts Fully featured 14-day trial Simple flat-fee price plan An option for everyone Unlock unparalleled value with every license option Free Unlimited passwords on a single device USD $0 Access on 1 device Best-in-class 1 click login Best-in-class form filling Password generator Built-in TOTP authenticator Compromised password scan Secure cloud backup GET FREE Premium Premium features, unlimited devices $2.49 /mo Billed Annually Everything in Free Access on all devices Web access Secure Shared Folders Emergency Access Local only mode Priority 24/7 Support BUY PREMIUM Family Up to 5 Premium accounts for you and your family $3.98 /mo Billed Annually 5 Premium accounts Unified billing Access on all devices Web access Secure Shared Folders Emergency Access Local only mode Priority 24/7 Support BUY FAMILY Business All features, one licensing model $3.35 /mo Billed Annually Easy user onboarding Centralized management Active Directory integration Role based permissions Full separation of business and personal passwords No sneaky upgrades Unlimited sharing groups Security policy deployment Detailed reporting Pay as you go - No contracts Fully featured 14-day trial Simple flat-fee price plan Start a Trial Real user ratings and reviews Take a look at what our customers have to say Apple AppStore 4.7 Rating 39K Reviews Google Play 4.6 Rating 29.1K Reviews Chrome Store 4.5 Rating 3K Reviews Edge Store 4.7 Rating 619 Reviews Excellent based on reviews Verified Customer Frequently asked questions What is a password manager? A password manager is an application that securely stores and manages the passwords for your online accounts. It creates a secure vault where passwords are encrypted and accessible only to you. The tool typically includes a password generator for creating strong, unique passwords, and offers features like auto-filling login credentials on websites and applications. Advanced versions include additional security measures like two-factor authentication, dark web monitoring, and the ability to securely share passwords with trusted contacts. A password manager ensures that you maintain strong, varied passwords for all your accounts while needing to remember only one master password. Is RoboForm secure? Absolutely. Only you can access your data. Your passwords are encrypted with your own secret key—the RoboForm Master Password which you create. We use AES256 bit encryption with PBKDF2 SHA256. Our system architecture is zero-knowledge. This means that all encryption/decryption happens on your local device and ensures that your Master Password is never transmitted to our server. Find out more about RoboForm security. Why is it better to use a password manager and not my browser (Chrome, Keychain, etc)? RoboForm differentiates itself from standard browser-based password managers by offering comprehensive features. It is compatible across various devices and browsers, including incognito/private modes. Users can enjoy one-click logins to multiple accounts and robust password monitoring for weak, duplicate, or compromised passwords. RoboForm facilitates secure password sharing with friends and family, and provides Emergency Access for trusted contacts. Additionally, RoboForm includes a built-in TOTP authenticator app, can log into Windows applications, and is capable of saving and filling any online form, enhancing both security and convenience. Can RoboForm see my passwords? No. RoboForm is designed on a zero-knowledge infrastructure where the Master Password, known only to you, encrypts the data. This encryption process occurs exclusively on your device, not on RoboForm's servers. As a result, RoboForm does not have access to the Master Password or the ability to access your encrypted data, ensuring a high level of privacy and security. Is RoboForm easy to set up and use? Absolutely. RoboForm demonstrates that convenience and security can go hand-in-hand. By automating the password management and login processes, it not only simplifies the user experience but also enhances security. Unlike traditional, less secure methods, RoboForm ensures that each login is both swift and protected by strong, unique passwords. In addition, setting up RoboForm takes just minutes. Can I import my existing passwords into RoboForm? You certainly can! We offer the ability to import from every browser and major password manager, or from a CSV. Personal Premium Family Form Filler Random Password Generator How Secure is My Password? Security Pricing Business Business Features Security Pricing Benefits Support Compare LastPass Dashlane 1Password Support Support Help Center Log In User Manual Tutorials Promo Referral Program Affiliates Resellers Educational Discount Military Discount Company About Us Press Blog Reviews Office Locations License Agreement Privacy Policy File Sync find us on LANGUAGE English English Deutsch Español-419 Français Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Svenska Polski Русский 中文（简体） 繁體中文 Portuguese-BR Copyright © 1999 - 2024 Siber Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.3701 Pender Dr, Suite 400, Fairfax, VA 22030 Our website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Review our Privacy Policy. Got it Pin or enable your RoboForm extension. Pin the extension or Enable Not redirected: Click here to be redirected to the Extension Store