HOME – Museum of the Moving Image Search Museum of the Moving Image Search Site Tickets Calendar Membership Donate Shop Menu VISIT WHAT’S ON Exhibitions Screenings Events WATCH/READ/LISTEN EDUCATION COLLECTION JOIN & SUPPORT ABOUT Calendar Exhibitions Screenings Events First Look VISIT WHAT’S ON WATCH/READ/LISTEN EDUCATION COLLECTION JOIN & SUPPORT ABOUT Search 1 of 3 First Look 2024 The guiding ethos of First Look is discovery, aiming to introduce audiences to new films, filmmakers to new audiences, and everyone to different methods, perspectives, interrogations, and encounters. 2 of 3 Behind the Screen The Museum's core exhibition immerses visitors in the creative and technical process of producing, promoting, and presenting films, television shows, and digital entertainment. 3 of 3 Jim Henson Exhibition Guided Tours Join us for a special guided tour of The Jim Henson Exhibition! The tour costs $5.00 per visitor (on top of admission ticket). Auriea Harvey: My Veins Are the Wires, My Body Is Your Keyboard February 2–July 7, 2024 This is the first major survey of the pioneering net-artist and sculptor Auriea Harvey. The exhibition will feature more than 40 of Harvey’s works, including her groundbreaking net-based interactives, video games, and augmented-reality sculptures from a career spanning nearly four decades. Make a Donation Support Museum of the Moving Image by contributing to the Museum of the Moment Campaign! Your support helps ensure that MoMI can continue to provide the full array of exciting screenings, exhibitions, and media education programs for all ages that make us the museum of the moment. Marvels of Media Learn more about the 2024 Marvels of Media, an ongoing initiative that showcases, celebrates, and supports autistic media-makers of all ages and skill sets. Welcome to the Machine December 8, 2023–March 16, 2024 Coinciding with the exhibition of artist David Levine’s Dissolution, on view in the Museum’s Amphitheater Gallery, Science on Screen presents a selection of films that depict humans reconstituted in computerized worlds. For Families Museum of the Moving Image is a great destination for families. Check out the various programs and events suitable for all ages. Includes information on guided tours, our media and game labs, our special Access Mornings for neurodivergent children, and our ongoing array of family-friendly screenings and events, including many Henson-related and animated films. WHAT’S ON Snubbed 2: The Performances January 26–March 24, 2024 Last year, we debuted our series focused on films that unimaginably—at least in retrospect—received zero Oscar nods. This year, we’re focusing exclusively on great performances that went unmentioned on Oscar nomination morning. Nofinofy March 8, 2024 When his hairdressing salon is destroyed by the municipality, Romeo must leave the high street of Toamasina for a harder-to-find shack in a residential neighborhood. Madagascan director Michael Andrianaly will appear in person with his wonderful documentary Nofinofy on 3/8. The Jim Henson Exhibition Ongoing This dynamic experience explores Jim Henson’s groundbreaking work for film and television and his transformative impact on culture. Reflected Forms: Story and Character in the Films of Todd Haynes Ongoing On the occasion of Todd Haynes’s May December, MoMI is pleased to present an exhibit with materials from the archives of filmmaker Todd Haynes, now part of the Museum’s collection, offering a glimpse into his process of transforming historical and cultural referents into formally ambitious, richly emotional films. Tide Predictor March 1–June 9, 2024 Tide Predictor is LoVid’s first code-driven generative artwork, a departure from a majority of their catalog, which centers experimentation with actual analog video. It will be displayed on the Museum's Schlosser Media Wall in the lobby. WATCH/READ/LISTEN First Look First Look, MoMI’s annual festival for adventurous new cinema, introduces New York audiences to more than two dozen works hailing from nearly as many countries, encompassing feature and short films; fiction and nonfiction; New York premieres and works in progress; experiments with—and exemplary expressions of—form. Learn more about this exciting event. Jim Henson This online MoMI Story delves into the history, craft, and vision of this iconic figure, whose iconic puppet characters and stories for film and television left an indelible mark on popular culture, and which continue to captivate audiences of all ages long after his untimely death. The Astoria Studio Read this MoMI Story to learn all about The Astoria Studio (now Kaufman Astoria Studios), which has been at the heart of filmmaking in New York City since 1920, and has a fascinating history integral to the origin of Museum of the Moving Image. Sloan Science & Film Sloan Science & Film, an initiative of the Museum of the Moving Image, examines the intersection of science and cinema. Watch short films, read interviews, and get all the latest info on science and film. Reverse Shot Read reviews, essays, interviews, and wide-ranging symposia; watch original video content; and dig through the vast archives in MoMI's online publication. NOW SHOWING Jim Henson Exhibition Guided Tours Thu, Mar 7, 2024 Support the Girls Fri, Mar 8, 2024 The Heartbreak Kid Fri, Mar 8, 2024 See Full Calendar > GET THE LATEST MUSEUM NEWS IN OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER. SUBSCRIBE > BECOME A MEMBER As a MoMI member, you’ll be invited to exclusive events, get behind-the-scenes insights, and experience meet-and-greet moments with special guests. Join Or Renew CORPORATE MEMBERSHIP MAKE A DONATION Whether you’re helping the Museum to continue offering groundbreaking education programs, quality film screenings, innovative core and changing exhibitions, or maintain its remarkable collection, all donations are greatly appreciated. DONATE NOW EDUCATION We provide curriculum-based educational experiences to approximately 70,000 students each year, as well as an array of dynamic, engaging tours, talks, workshops, and screenings for children, teens, families, adults, and seniors. MoMI Education is now offering virtual field trips for school groups, as well as virtual tours of our interactive exhibitions and virtual media workshops for all ages. Learn more about our Education department! VENUE RENTALS Host your next event at MoMI! Take advantage of our stunning film theaters for private screenings or find out more about hiring the Museum’s facilities for meetings and retreats. NEWS February at MoMI: Celebrating Black History Month and more The Museum's major new exhibition devoted to net-art pioneer and sculptor Auriea Harvey, a groundbreaking Black woman artist who transcends boundaries across media, is just one of the exciting events taking place at MoMI this February. This Holiday Season, MoMI Teams Up with Astoria Food Pantry to Accept Donations Through December 31, we’re partnering with Astoria Food Pantry, a neighbor-to-neighbor, donation-based, and volunteer-run distribution center for food, clothing, and much more. Learn more, including how to get a discount on admission to the Museum. Giving Tuesday Today is Giving Tuesday, and we hope you'll keep Museum of the Moving Image in mind as one of the organizations you support today. CONTACT AND LOCATION 36-01 35 Ave, Astoria, NY 11106 718 777 6800 MUSEUM HOURS Thu: 2:00–6:00 p.m. Fri: 2:00–8:00 p.m. Sat & Sun: 12:00–6:00 p.m. See holiday hours About MoMI Accessibility and Policies Contact Us Employment Press & Media Sign up for our newsletter > © 2024 Museum of the Moving Image Terms of Use Privacy Policy