EU publications - EU publications - Publications Office of the EU $InputBox.getData() Navigation Skip to Content EU publications - EU publications DisplayCustomHeader DisplayLogo Publications Office of the European Union MyPortal Log in Language Selector English Select your language Close Official EU languages: bg български es español cs čeština da dansk de Deutsch et eesti keel el Ελληνικά en English fr français ga Gaeilge hr hrvatski it italiano lv latviešu valoda lt lietuvių kalba hu magyar mt Malti nl Nederlands pl polski pt português ro română sk slovenčina sl slovenščina fi suomi sv svenska Other languages: trtrtrtrtr EU publications MainSearch MainSearch Select All collections EU law EU publications EU official directory Web pages Summaries of EU legislation Search More Advanced search Browse by subject Expert Search BasketSummary 0 Basket X Basket items X This item has been added. Qty: x € x Subtotal € x Total € 0.0 View basket Checkout Help Search Menu Menu Display Close Menu Back Previous items Next items Home EU law European data EU tenders EU research results EU Whoiswho EU publications Menu Display Close Menu Back Previous items Next items Home EU law European data EU tenders EU research results EU Whoiswho EU publications Breadcrumb Home EU publications Home Help Menu Display maintenance generic EN only (2024) Maintenance activity is scheduled on the 6th of March between 8:00 CET and 14:00 CET. During this time, there may be issues accessing different features on our website. Asset Publisher Illegal trade of cats & dogs The EU Commission recognises illegal trade of companion animals, like cats and dogs, as organised crime with potential devastating consequences. Click here to read more. The ABC of EU law Discover the roots of the European project and its development as a legal order in the ’ABC of EU law’ by Klaus-Dieter Borchardt. YOU&AI Read about the YOU&AI Project aimed at bringing the topic of AI to citizens and to discuss possible applications, impacts, risks, and ethical issues. The crypto assets ecosystem Read about the potential benefit of crypto assets for geopolitical, social and environmental issues. Resonances III - Datami Uncover the enigmatic world of Big Data and AI through the concept of Datami at RESONANCES III, the ﬂagship programme of the JRC SciArt. It's a digital refuge and maker-space for our expanding identities. Pathways to school success Read about a flagship initiative of the European Education Area, aimed at boosting inclusive education and improving educational outcomes for all learners. Previous Next Item 0 of 0 BulkCataloguesList IN YOUR EU LANGUAGE IN YOUR LANGUAGE How the EU works Facts about the EU The Green Deal & energy Education material POPULAR TOPICS Just published Maps Kids' corner Teachers and students Regions Environment Artificial intelligence European Year of Skills Note: All publications are available free of charge in electronic format. Please note that shipping fees apply for postal orders. You can consult the fees in our General conditions of dissemination and sale. Web Content Display (Global) For a better user experience please update your browser or use Chrome or Firefox browser. × Maintenance EN Please note that this website will be undergoing technical maintenance between 28 and 31 August. Consequently, users may experience instabilities and limited functionality. We apologise for the inconvenience. DisplayCustomFooter Hidden Publications Office of the European Union This website is managed by the Publications Office of the European Union Need help? Contact Sitemap Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Legal Legal notices Cookies Accessibility About us Our mission, vision and values Newsletter Resources Accessible publishing Cellar EU Apps EU Vocabularies EU Web Archive Interinstitutional style guide Librarian's corner Tools (EU staff) Publishing services Web tools European Union Discover more on europa.eu Contact the EU Call us 00 800 6 7 8 9 10 11 Use other telephone options Write us via our contact form Meet us at one of the EU centres Social media Search for EU social media channels Legal Languages on our websites Privacy policy Legal notice Cookies EU institutions Search for EU institutions European Parliament European Council Council of the European Union European Commission Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) European Central Bank (ECB) European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Economic and Social Committee (EESC) European Committee of the Regions (CoR) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Ombudsman European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) The European Data Protection Board European Personnel Selection Office Publications Office of the European Union Agencies About us Contact Legal notices Sitemap Cookies Top