Home - CHM Menu Explore Overview Stories Timelines Collections Playlists Blogs Publications Connect Overview Events K-12 Students & Educators Families & Community Groups Volunteers Visit Overview Plan Your Visit Exhibits Public Tours & Group Reservations Venue About Overview This Is CHM Centers Programs News Leadership Join & Give Overview Ways to Give Donor Recognition Institutional Partnerships Buy Tickets Donate Hours & Admission Subscribe Upcoming Events Search for: Or search the collection catalog About CHM Decodes Technology for Everyone Come on in! Exhibits are open Wednesday–Sunday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Buy Tickets CHM has something for everyone, from docent-led tours to demonstrations to self-guided visits. Learn Photoshop from the pros, experience the sights and sounds of classic computing, try your hand at coding, and discover why computer history is more than 2,000 years old. Discover all this and more in CHM’s onsite and online exhibits. New Release CHM collaborated with Audible Originals to create a new podcast series featuring innovative women in tech. Learn more. MUSEUM HOURS Monday and Tuesday: Closed Wednesday–Sunday 10 a.m.–5 p.m. Holidays and Closures LOCATION Computer History Museum 1401 N. Shoreline Blvd. Mountain View, CA 94043 Directions (650) 810-1010 Buy Tickets Become a Member Exhibits & Pop-ups View All Revolution: The First 2000 Years of Computing Revolution features 19 galleries, 1,100 objects, and inspiring stories from the pioneers and innovators who started the revolution that changed our world. Experience this exhibit online or in person. Make Software: Change the World! Make Software explores the history, impact, and technology behind seven game-changing applications: MP3, Photoshop, MRI, Car Crash Simulation, Wikipedia, Texting, and World of Warcraft. Experience this exhibit online or in person. Little Emoji, Big Story Little Emoji, Big Story is a wall display that explores the origins of emojis, how new emojis are selected, and the stories of changemakers who have created diverse new emojis. View All Upcoming Events View All Dialed In Thu, Apr, 25, 7:00PM TechFest Sat, Apr, 27, 10:00AM Fei-Fei Li's AI Journey Tue, Sep, 17, 7:00PM View All Featured Insanely Great A Computer for the Rest of Us CHM In the News View All CHM Announces 2023 Fellow Awards Honorees CHM Welcomes Turing Award Winner CHM Releases Apple Lisa Source Code View All @CHM File System Release Xerox PARC archives Explore backup project files, including source codes! Source Code Release Lisa Computer Download the Apple Lisa source code now! Publication Tech and the Future of News Learn about critical issues in the news industry. From Our Blogs View all CHM BLOG Insanely Great By CHM Editorial CHM BLOG In Memoriam: Niklaus Wirth (1934–2024) By Dag Spicer CHM BLOG The It Factor: Geek Culture By CHM Editorial View all TechQuest Minecraft: Education Edition Activities & Resources View All #MyCHMExhibit Challenge Put on your museum thinking caps and get ready to create your very own exhibit—at home! Participants will learn about the museum exhibit development process and have a chance to role play as a curator, registrar, experience designer, and filmmaker. Revolution Virtual Scavenger Hunt: For Grades 6–12 Discover the treasures of Revolution: The First 2,000 Years of Computing. Our virtual scavenger hunt is specially designed for students in grades 6–12 and explores the exhibit's key artifacts and stories. Educator Resource Guide for CHM's Minecraft World The Great Tech Story, the Museum’s world in Minecraft: Education Edition, inspires and empowers students from ages 8–16 to become engaged technology citizens. View All Discover More at CHM Connect CHM Live Visit Public Tours & Group Reservations Visit Exhibits EXPLORE Collections About This Is CHM Publications Core Magazine Thinking Big: Ada Lovelace The Babbage Engine CHM on YouTube View All CHM Live CHM Live convenes today’s thought leaders and experts for conversations and debate about the complexities and opportunities presented by technology. View the entire series on CHM's YouTube channel. Make Software: Change the World! Explore these mini-documentaries from our exhibit, Make Software: Change the World! Learn about the history, impact, and technology behind MP3, Photoshop, MRI, Car Crash Simulation, Wikipedia, Texting, and World of Warcraft. One Word Lessons What word of advice would you give to someone who is thinking about starting a company? Is there a story that reminds you of challenges faced, obstacles overcome, or important lessons learned? Hear what Silicon Valley founders and innovators had to say. View All CHM Education Xerox Alto Restoration Project Hours and Directions Hours & Directions 1401 N. Shoreline Blvd. Mountain View, CA 94043 (650) 810-1010 More Contact Info Press Careers Venue Events Stories Donate Terms of Use Privacy © 2023 Computer History Museum CHM is a registered 501(c)3 organization. Your donation is tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. Tax ID 77-0507525.