Center for Teaching | Vanderbilt University Skip to main content link Home Services Individual Consultations Services for Departments, Programs, and Schools Brightspace and Instructional Technology Support Top Hat Support Programs Learning Communities Graduate Teaching Fellows Program Teaching, Difference, and Power Junior Faculty Teaching Fellows Certificate in College Teaching Orientations Teaching at Vanderbilt (TAV) Teaching Assistant Orientation (TAO) Events The Open Classroom 2023 Teaching Workshops Conversations on Teaching Brightspace Training Past Events Guides Teaching Guides A-Z Online Course Development Resources Principles & Frameworks Pedagogies & Strategies Reflecting & Assessing Challenges & Opportunities Populations & Contexts Resources Take and Try Resources Library Blog Podcasts About Mission Location and Hours Staff Publications Year-in-Review Reports Employment Opportunities Connect CFT E-Newsletter Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Contact Us Center for Teaching Previous Next The Vanderbilt University Center for Teaching promotes university teaching that leads to meaningful student learning. Our offerings are available to any members of the Vanderbilt community interested in developing their teaching practices. Welcome Jennifer Anderson! Feb. 13, 2024—We are proud to announce that Jennifer Anderson has joined of the Office of Education Design and Development (formerly the Center for Teaching) as its new Director. As a Vanderbilt alumna with a Ph.D. and M.A. in Political Science, she is thrilled to be back on campus. A seasoned learning facilitator, she has created and... Read more Giving Students Feedback Nov. 9, 2023—At this time in the semester when students are handing in an assortment of assignments, it is important to provide meaningful feedback to guide their growth. Effective feedback can come in a variety of forms, but students find it most helpful when it is educative about what they are doing well and not so well,... Read more Teaching in Tumultuous Times Nov. 7, 2023—Despite our aspirations for our classrooms to be home to open inquiry and reasoned, informed debate, sometimes the intensely traumatic nature of current events can overwhelm us or our students. Whether it is recurring incidents of mass violence, the persistence of social or environmental crises, or polarized political debate in our public sphere, just to... Read more Interdisciplinary Teaching workshop Nov. 1, 2023—Are you teaching a subject that is inter- or multi-disciplinary and somewhat outside of your comfort zone? Are you team teaching a course with someone from another discipline and adjusting to their discipline’s ways of thinking or “signature pedagogies”? Are you hoping that your students develop a thoroughly multi-disciplinary understanding of a topic, but not... Read more Transforming Classroom Conflict into Learning workshop Oct. 30, 2023—In these times of political polarization and contentious dialogue throughout our society, it is not uncommon for educators across the curriculum to experience, or at least fear, student conflict in the classroom. Whether it is due to differences sparked by ideology, identity, or simple intellectual disagreement, student conflicts may stray beyond productive debate into highly... Read more Developing Collaborative Assignments workshop Oct. 26, 2023—Research indicates that collaborative assignments and projects can promote meaningful learning by inviting students to address complex problems while engaging the insights and perspectives of others. In this workshop, participants will develop an outline for a collaborative group project or assignment that they plan to deploy in the spring semester. Co-facilitated by Boni Yraguen (PhD, Mechanical Engineering) and Laura Carter-Stone (PhD, Teaching and Learning),... Read more Using a Process-Oriented Approach to Student Writing to Deepen Learning and Engagement workshop Oct. 19, 2023—Research suggests that providing students repeated opportunities to create, evaluate, and revise various types of writing, especially for authentic audiences, can catalyze deeper forms of learning. Through this workshop, we will discuss research-based strategies for improving student writing and content learning in a variety of disciplinary areas. Participants will either revise an existing writing assignment... Read more « Previous Page Upcoming Events Spring 2024 teaching workshops are underway! To find out more about workshops being offered, check out our Teaching Workshops page. Quick LinksServices for Departments and Schools Examples of Online Instructional Modules Teaching Guides The CFT has prepared guides to a variety of teaching topics with summaries of best practices, links to other online resources, and information about local Vanderbilt resources. Online Course Development Resources Principles & Frameworks Pedagogies & Strategies Reflecting & Assessing Challenges & Opportunities Populations & Contexts CFT Photostream View more photos Connect with Vanderbilt Center for Teaching twitter facebook instagram linkedin flickr RSS Feed Teaching GuidesOnline Course Development Resources Principles & Frameworks Pedagogies & Strategies Reflecting & Assessing Challenges & Opportunities Populations & Contexts Quick LinksServices for Departments and Schools Examples of Online Instructional Modules Contact Us1114 19th Avenue South, 3rd Floor Nashville, TN 37212 Phone: 615-322-7290cft@vanderbilt.edu Hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License. © Vanderbilt University · All rights reserved. Site Development: Digital Strategies (Division of Communications) Vanderbilt University is committed to the principle of equal opportunity. Vanderbilt University does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, military service, or genetic information in its administration of educational policies, programs, or activities; admissions policies; scholarship and loan programs; athletic or other University-administered programs; or employment. Accessibility information. Vanderbilt®, Vanderbilt University®, V Oak Leaf Design®, Star V Design® and Anchor Down® are trademarks of The Vanderbilt University Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website