Clagnut by Richard Rutter Clagnut Speaking · Archive · Search An enthusiasm by Richard Rutter Hello. I’m Richard, a designer, author and speaker living by the sea in Brighton, UK. I’m co-founder of Clearleft, a digital design consultancy. I love all things to do with human-centred design, typography, music and cycling. I occasionally write about them here. Latest Posts Retrofitting fluid typography As part of my forthcoming Patterns Day talk I decided to rebuild the newly redesigned Creative Boom article page using Utopian fluid typography to replace its multitude of breakpoints. This is the story of why and how. 1st March 2024 Responsive typography and its role in design systems Later this year I’ll be talking at Patterns Day. Jeremy asked me to weave responsive typography into his narrative of the day. How do I explain something as all-encompassing as typography within something so potentially granular as a design system? 10th January 2024 Pagination widows, or, Why I’m embarrassed about my ebook The handling of widowed headings across pages in Apple Books is of particular concern. Since 1997, CSS has had properties to handle this, and yet browsers including Safari and Firefox still don’t support them – why not? 15th October 2023 Preventing too-short final lines of text blocks At the end my previous post, I said I’d settle for direct control over widows and orphans in text blocks. It turns out not to be quite as a simple as one might think, with lots of discussion over the years. I created an experiment to test a solution. 20th March 2023 An end to typographic widows on the web Currently shipping in Chrome Canary, and thus soon to be in Blink-based browsers including Edge, is a relatively new CSS declaration which promises to virtually end typographic widows. 7th March 2023 All posts Me Elsewhere Twitter Mastodon Flickr Github Strava LinkedIn Latest listening Super-Electric by Stereolab Fallen Star by The Early Years The Hazards of Love 1 (The Prettiest Whistles Won’t Wrestle the Thistles Undone) by The Decemberists The Everthere by Elbow Only Waiting by The Aliens Son of Mook by Red Snapper Falaise by Floating Points Forgotten Sanity by Curve Last.fm © 2002–2024 Richard Rutter Published in Brighton, UK · Colophon