The Go Blog - The Go Programming Language Skip to Main Content Why Go arrow_drop_down Press Enter to activate/deactivate dropdown Case Studies Common problems companies solve with Go Use Cases Stories about how and why companies use Go Security How Go can help keep you secure by default Learn Press Enter to activate/deactivate dropdown Docs arrow_drop_down Press Enter to activate/deactivate dropdown Effective Go Tips for writing clear, performant, and idiomatic Go code Go User Manual A complete introduction to building software with Go Standard library Reference documentation for Go's standard library Release Notes Learn what's new in each Go release Packages Press Enter to activate/deactivate dropdown Community arrow_drop_down Press Enter to activate/deactivate dropdown Recorded Talks Videos from prior events Meetups open_in_new Meet other local Go developers Conferences open_in_new Learn and network with Go developers from around the world Go blog The Go project's official blog. Go project Get help and stay informed from Go Get connected Why Go navigate_next navigate_beforeWhy Go Case Studies Use Cases Security Learn Docs navigate_next navigate_beforeDocs Effective Go Go User Manual Standard library Release Notes Packages Community navigate_next navigate_beforeCommunity Recorded Talks Meetups open_in_new Conferences open_in_new Go blog Go project Get connected The Go Blog Robust generic functions on slices, 22 February 2024 Valentin Deleplace Avoiding memory leaks in the slices package. Routing Enhancements for Go 1.22, 13 February 2024 Jonathan Amsterdam, on behalf of the Go team Go 1.22's additions to patterns for HTTP routes. Go 1.22 is released!, 6 February 2024 Eli Bendersky, on behalf of the Go team Go 1.22 enhances for loops, brings new standard library functionality and improves performance. Share your feedback about developing with Go, 23 January 2024 Alice Merrick, for the Go team Help shape the future of Go by sharing your thoughts via the Go Developer Survey Finding unreachable functions with deadcode, 12 December 2023 Alan Donovan deadcode is a new command to help identify functions that cannot be called. Go Developer Survey 2023 H2 Results, 5 December 2023 Todd Kulesza What we learned from our 2023 H2 developer survey Fourteen Years of Go, 10 November 2023 Russ Cox, for the Go team Happy Birthday, Go! Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Type Inference - And a Little Bit More, 9 October 2023 Robert Griesemer A description of how type inference for Go works. Based on the GopherCon 2023 talk with the same title. Deconstructing Type Parameters, 26 September 2023 Ian Lance Taylor Why the function signatures in the slices packages are so complicated. Fixing For Loops in Go 1.22, 19 September 2023 David Chase and Russ Cox Go 1.21 shipped a preview of a change in Go 1.22 to make for loops less error-prone. More articles... Opens in new window. Why Go Use Cases Case Studies Get Started Playground Tour Stack Overflow Help Packages Standard Library About Go Packages About Download Blog Issue Tracker Release Notes Brand Guidelines Code of Conduct Connect Twitter GitHub Slack r/golang Meetup Golang Weekly Opens in new window. Copyright Terms of Service Privacy Policy Report an Issue go.dev uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic. Learn more. Okay