Internet Speed test - METER.net Meter.net INTERNET SPEED TESTSTATSMY STATSCOUNTRYINTERNET PROVIDERSNEWSABOUTPING TESTMETHODICSTEST SERVERSHost serverEmbed speed test - web pluginOpen dataCONTACTSIGN INSign inSign upForgotten password ▾ Speedtest DSL speedtest Test de velocidad Test débit Test ADSL Sebesség mérés Internet speed test Test łącza Meranie rýchlosťi pripojenia Broadband speed test スピードテスト Rychlost internetu Internet speed test START Change server The bandwidth test takes only 30 seconds to tell you the speed of your download, upload and response. Try out our ping test. Do you want your own speed test on your website?Try our speed test web plugin service Average for World Downloading 109,1 Mbit/s MP3 for 0,3 sec CD for 51,3 sec DVD for 5,7 min Uploading 64,4 Mbit/s MP3 for 0,5 sec CD for 1,4 min DVD for 9,7 min Outputs of this test download speed test - the speed at which data are downloaded from the testing server upload - the speed at which data are uploaded to the testing server ping - the time needed to send and receive a small amount of data Connection speed under a magnifying glass The results of the test show you a series of key values ​​that allow you to evaluate your connection and decide, for example, whether to choose a different rate or another provider. The main values ​​include: Downloading Downloading shows the download speed of data to your device, expressed in megabits per second (Mbits). A higher value is better because the faster the download, the less time you wait to load a web page or to download an email attachment. A home Internet connection is usually asymmetrical, which means that the data transfer speed to the user is higher than the upload speed. Uploading Another basic value revealed by the test results is upload. Upload shows how fast you can upload data to the internet with your connection, also measured in Mbit/s. As with downloading, a higher number is better. A quick upload is important for backing up to the cloud or for streaming. The higher the value, the faster you can upload data from your device to the internet. Ping Ping measures the time it takes for data to be sent from a host to a destination computer and back again. It is measured in milliseconds (ms). As opposed to downloading and uploading, with ping, the lower the value, the better. This value is especially important for online game players who need a quick response from the server when playing, so that their action in a game is not delayed. A relatively fast ping is less than 40 ms. Anything within the range of 0 to 10 ms is considered a very good result. Jitter Jitter expresses the fluctuations of the ping value and, therefore, the stability of the connection. The result ​​(in milliseconds) should be as low as possible. The higher the jitter value displayed in the test, the worse your internet connection stability is. The detailed results of the speed test show the amount of data in megabytes (MB) that you can theoretically download and upload during a given period of time. Thus, you can easily find out if the data volumes and speed are adequate. This is highly practical. The owners of blogs and websites have the option of inserting a free connection speed test directly on their websites through the embedding code. Numbers that do not lie You pay your internet provider for an internet connection which must meet certain technical parameters within the selected rate. These include not only the download speed, but also the speed of data uploading, along with the latency or response (ping) time. In practice, however, these values​​ can vary considerably from those advertised. This could be a long-term issue or perhaps only a short-term complication due to a technical problem or an aggregation (sharing the capacity of an internet link among multiple users). The speed test will help you to discover these differences and show you the actual speed of your connection. This can be done in less than a minute and without any complicated setup. Internet of Things (IoT) and its use at homeThe Internet of Things is one of the current phenomena in the field of IT and the Internet. Read how to use the Internet of Things (IoT) in your home and what to look out when you are using it.How to make or repair a network cableIf you want to connect your computer to the Internet or your home network with a cable, you have two options. You can either buy an already finished cable with connectors in the required length in the store, or you can make it yourself. The home production of the network cable is necessary especially if you need to pass it through a narrow hole into which the connector doesn't fit. You usually have to install it after passing the cable through a small hole. Read how to make such a cable and how to repair that current one.The difference between a cheap and an expensive WiFi routerA purchase of a router is waiting for you, but when you look at the offer, you only see boxes that differ in price and appearance? In that case, a basic overview of important parameters can not only save you a lot of money, but also significantly speed up the Internet.How do Internet speed measurements work? From the user’s perspective, everything is simple. In your web browser, click on the measurement button and wait. Before starting the speed test, it is important to close all tasks, applications, and devices that connect to the internet. The results would be affected by open tasks. You would not obtain the desired information, or the conclusions would not have the required notification value. The technical solution and the background of the speed test itself are complex, but to explain it briefly, the test simulates a situation in which you download or upload data. The measured values ​​are calculated depending on the speed of these transmissions. You can test the speed of up to 30 test servers located in geographically different locations. What will you discover? Check your connection regularly In the case of an internet connection, it is definitely not true that what was valid yesterday must still be valid today. Do not hesitate to repeat the speed test from time to time, or whenever you have connection speed problems. The speed test will immediately give you an answer so you can decide your next step. However, these days it makes no sense to waste time with a slow internet connection. The previous 10 Internet tests... Ping 0 ms Ping>500 ms<500 ms<250 ms<75 ms<15 ms<5 ms Download - Mbit/s Download<2 Mbits>2 Mbits>5 Mbits>20 Mbits>50 Mbits>100 Mbits Upload - Mbit/s Upload<1 Mbits>1 Mbits>3 Mbits>10 Mbits>30 Mbits>50 Mbits -.- Mbit/s Test was succesfully finished. Share Jitter ms Test server: - (Hostname: -) © Meter.net, contact information, privacy policy and terms of use, Theme light/dark