Napa Valley Register | Breaking New | | Read Napa, CA and California breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on California sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 50° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Wildfires Crime State & Regional Politics Business Wine Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Guest/Columnists Sports High School College Outdoors Professional Life & Entertainment Arts & Theatre Event Calendar Movies & TV Music Games Contests Comics Columns Play Travel Announcements Food & Cooking Health Parenting Home & Garden People Pets Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Our Publications St. Helena Star The Weekly Calistogan American Canyon Eagle Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Shop Local Public Notices Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Wine Life & Entertainment Homes Wildfires 50° Cloudy FBI agents visited Napa County Supervisor Alfredo Pedroza's home in December Supervisor Alfredo Pedroza’s home near Silverado Country Club was visited by federal agents in mid-December, Napa County officials confirmed Monday evening. Can anything be done about NVUSD's enrollment problem? Educators say it's out of their hands. The Napa Valley Unified School District has been struggling with shrinking enrollment for nearly a decade. District leaders say there isn’t much they can do to stop the downward trend. Follow Tuesday’s election coverage at the Napa Valley Register The Napa Valley Register will provide coverage of local and state primary election races on Tuesday – online, in print and in its E-edition. Hot mulled wines: A European tradition Hot mulled wines fit right into our wine country life, a cozy way to keep warm and festive in these remaining cold days before spring arrives. Appellation St. Helena: A symphony of terroir, vineyards, and climate Appellation St. Helena is comprised of roughly 12,000 acres, of which approximately 6,800 are planted to grapes, more than any other AVA in the Napa Valley. More than 400 different vineyards are located within the appellation. Read more about this fascinating area. Napa Farmers Market: March at the Market The wait is almost over: this time next month the Tuesday market will be back in action after a three-month break. Be sure to join us for opening day, Tuesday, April 2! We will open Tuesdays 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. through Dec. 17. Napa Valley Marathon: San Francisco runners Finley, Vernau prevail in 26.2-miler Those who run marathons are typically in their 30s or older, probably because they need to be established in their careers to have the time to train and to be mature enough to keep at it. PHOTOS: The 45th running of the Napa Valley Marathon The Napa Valley Marathon and Half Marathon were run on Sunday morning along the Silverado Trail from Calistoga to Napa, drawing thousands of participants from all over the world. Still deciding who to vote for? Here's what you need to know ahead of Tuesday's election Meet the candidates for the Napa County Board of Supervisors and find out where they stand on key issues. Plus, Napa Valley Register editorial board endorsements and voter recommendations. Napa Valley Wine Press: Cuvaison unveils made-to-order tasting kits Cuvaison winery has unveiled a new tasting kit to give wine lovers option for intimate at-home tastings; Association of African American Vintners to host festival at CIA at Copia. Photos: Napa Valley Faces and Places, March 2, 2024 See anyone you know? Faces and Places features photos from family celebrations, community events, winning moments and personal achievement. Napa County looks at potential financial storm clouds Arcane state regulations could take $30 million out of the Napa County budget starting in 2025. Napa County Master Gardeners: Planting with 'shoulder season' in mind The secret to success is knowing which crops thrive in the cooler parts of the year and how much time they need to mature. Rebecca Yerger, Memory Lane: Early public utilities Recently public utilities have been in the spotlight of local, state and national news. While the power shortage is of great concern, water, and establishing a reliable supply, has always been a top priority for almost every California community, including Napa. One hundred years ago, or so,… Start the Presses: Campaign ink As Executive Editor Dan Evans writes about the letters-to-the-editor campaign candidate Amber Manfree was been waging as well as the impact of the Farm Bureau's PAC support of its preferred candidates — in light of the federal subpoena the group received. Napa City Council to weigh teaming with county, nonprofit on supportive housing Napa's City council will talk housing at next week's meeting. Where to vote in Napa County for the March 5 elections If you’re ready to cast your ballot for Tuesday’s elections – or need help doing so – Napa County is staffing voting centers in all five local cities. Napa Biz Buzz: Sift Dessert Bar locations to close, including Napa store All three Sift Dessert Bar locations, including the one in Napa's Bel Aire Plaza, will close as of March 23. Sift is also in Santa Rosa and San Francisco. Wind-blown canopy hits people at Napa event; three hospitalized Three Marin County residents were hospitalized after a wind-blown canopy struck them during a Napa event Friday afternoon, authorities said. Why California election workers are returning after COVID-19 and conspiracy theories They had to get through the pandemic, election denial and suspicious envelopes. While some left, counties now say they’re having better luck recruiting poll workers. More rain coming to Napa County as another band of weekend storms crosses Bay Area The first round from a cold winter storm descending from Alaska brought blinding snow to the Sierra Nevada and, at its heaviest, sheets of sideways rain to the Bay Area on Thursday. Kevin Courtney, Napa Journal: After surviving COVID, what then? The past four years have been anything but "normal." Let's review. Napa Valley Vintners gifts $1 million to Mentis for new mental wellness campus The Napa Valley Vintners gifted $1 million to Mentis for its new mental wellness campus, which is scheduled to open on Hayes Street in 2025. Watch for these road closures Sunday during the Napa Valley Marathon Drivers should be on the lookout for road closures Sunday during the Napa Valley Marathon – including a shutdown of most of the Silverado Trail. Dangerous blizzard in the Sierra: How long will it last? Meteorologist Sean Sublette shows why travel will be dangerous or impossible CIF State Division III Boys Basketball Playoffs: Justin-Siena wins 2nd-round thriller over San Joaquin Memorial, 59-56 Jaden Washington drained a 3-pointer with 2.4 seconds left to lift No 2 seed Justin-Siena past No. 10 San Joaquin Memorial 59-56 in the second round of the Division III state playoffs Thursday night. Napa teen faces long recovery after devastating snowboard accident, spinal cord injury A “catastrophic” snowboarding accident has left a Napa teen with a severed spinal cord and facing a life-changing recovery. Blake Mendenhal was injured Sunday at Northstar in north Lake Tahoe. Series: Napa County voters champion their top candidates Napa County voters share their thoughts about who they are voting for (and why) in local and state elections. Reminder: Ballots are due March 5. Throwback Thursday: Napa Valley Marathon The Kaiser Permanente Napa Valley Marathon is this Sunday. Here is a look back at the popular marathon over the years. Yountville seeks to buy dormant school campus from Napa school district for $11 million Yountville plans to create housing and park space at the site of the school, which closed in 2020. Town and school board votes are expected next week. Recommended For You FBI agents visited Napa County Supervisor Alfredo Pedroza's home in December Can anything be done about NVUSD's enrollment problem? Educators say it's out of their hands. PHOTOS: The 45th running of the Napa Valley Marathon The Latest Napa County projects in line for $1.7 million in congressional funds Projects in St. Helena and American Canyon are slated to split more than $1.75 million in congressional funding, U.S. Rep. Mike Thompson announced Monday. Share your photos with the Napa Valley Register From families and pets to businesses and schools, any photo that offers a slice of Napa Valley life is welcome. Share your photos with the Napa Valley Register today. New bill would deny Cal Grants to universities that allow legacy admissions Assembly Bill 1780 would prohibit Cal Grants from being given to universities that use legacy admissions, but would not ban the practice. Fire guts St. Helena-area home; no injuries reported A house west of St. Helena was destroyed by fire before sunrise Saturday, but no injuries were reported, according to Cal Fire. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition Rain showers in the forecast for part of Napa's Primary Election Day | Joe Martucci reports Sports CIF Northern California Division VI Boys Basketball Playoffs: Napa Christian holds off Stone Ridge Christian 65-60 to earn title-game rematch The Napa Christian boys basketball team survived a see-saw second half to beat Stone Ridge Christian 65-60 a NorCal Div. VI playoff semifinal Saturday night in Merced. March 2 college basketball odds, previews and picks: Marquette vs. Creighton predictions & more Check out these college basketball picks and previews for NCAAB action on Saturday, March 2. Duke vs. Virginia odds, preview and picks for college basketball - March 2 Check out our picks and preview of the ACC battle between Duke and Virginia on Saturday. CIF State Division III Boys Basketball Playoffs: Bullard ends Justin-Siena's season with 63-62 win in double-overtime The Justin-Siena boys basketball team saw its historic season end with a 63-62 loss to Bullard in double-overtime in the CIF State Div. III playoff quarterfinals Saturday night. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Best Online Psychics in 2024: Top 11 Sites Provided content. Looking for the best online psychics? Reviewers rank the top 11 platforms. Get cheap readings, free minutes, and up to 50% off. Sponsored A guide to California solar incentives in 2024: Rebates, tax credits, financing and more Provided content. Discover state and federal programs, rebates, and tax credits designed to make solar more accessible and affordable for homeowners in California. Sponsored Best solar panels California 2024: Installation companies and pricing Provided content. Looking for the best solar panels California has to offer? Find out which brands offer the highest efficiency and reliability for lower energy bills. Sponsored Comprehensive Kasamba review 2024: Legit readings and what to know Provided content. Thinking of getting a psychic reading on Kasamba? Unsure if it’s the right platform for you? This Kasamba review reveals all about the platform. Local Businesses St. Helena Winter Market 1313 Spring St, St. Helena, CA 94574 Website Brix Restaurant & Gardens 7377 St. Helena Hwy, Napa, CA 94558 Website NAPA VALLEY COLLEGE 2277 NAPA-VALLEJO HIGHWAY, Napa, CA 94559 Website Print Ads Jewelry CREATIONS FINE JEWELERS - Ad from 2024-02-29 Health ADVANCED INSTRUMENTS - Ad from 2024-03-02 Office GANNETT - NAKED WINES - Ad from 2024-03-05 Travel SILVERADO RESORT AND SPA - Ad from 2024-03-02 Office GANNETT - NAKED WINES - Ad from 2024-03-02 Home KEN MAYS PLUMBING - Ad from 2024-03-02 Office Better Choice Notice Solutions, Inc. / BCNS - Ad from 2024-03-05 Service TULOCAY CEMETERY - Ad from 2024-02-29 Other Boys & Girls Club of St. Helena & Calistoga - Ad from 2024-02-29 Home DON NICHOLS PLUMBING - Ad from 2024-03-02 × Facebook Twitter YouTube Sites & Partners Napa Valley Register American Canyon Eagle St. Helena Star The Weekly Calistogan Special Sections Services About Us Virtual Newsroom Contact Us Subscribe Customer Services Online Features Work Here Submit a News Tip Dealer Returns Licensing © Copyright 2024 Napa Valley Register, 1615 Soscol Ave. Napa, CA 94559 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe