NC State News Skip to main content News Menu Close Research and Innovation The Abstract Audio Abstract Podcast Centennial Campus Partners Results Campus Life Academics Athletics Events Students Faculty and Staff Awards and Honors HR and Finance Resilient Pack We Are the Wolfpack Service and Community Alumni Red Chair Chats For Media News Releases In the News Experts NC State Experts on 2022 Elections NC State Experts Available on Climate NC State Experts on Roe v. Wade NC State Supply Chain Experts Experts on COVID-19 Hurricane Experts TV Studio About NC State News Contact Faculty Support Send a Tip Training Program Homepage facebook twitter linked in email Research and Innovation Research and Innovation The Abstract Audio Abstract Podcast Centennial Campus Partners Results Campus Life Campus Life Academics Athletics Events Students Faculty and Staff Faculty and Staff Awards and Honors HR and Finance Resilient Pack We Are the Wolfpack Service and Community Service and Community Alumni Red Chair Chats For Media For Media News Releases In the News Experts NC State Experts on 2022 Elections NC State Experts Available on Climate NC State Experts on Roe v. Wade NC State Supply Chain Experts Experts on COVID-19 Hurricane Experts TV Studio About NC State News About NC State News Contact Faculty Support Send a Tip Training Program Homepage Top Stories Published on February 29, 2024 Stormin’ Praise for Norman Sloan Players from NC State’s 1974 NCAA Championship team gathered last weekend to celebrate the 50th anniversary of their accomplishment. Thoughts quickly turned to their coach, Norman Sloan, an NC State graduate who took the men’s… Published on February 28, 2024 The Science House Earns Enduring Achievement Award NC State’s STEM hub for K-12 students across the state was recognized for its societal impact and public engagement through science education. Published on February 28, 2024 A Groundbreaking Designer’s NC State Roots Brandon Johnson always wanted to be a golf course designer. After getting degrees from NC State and Harvard and co-designing the Lonnie Poole Golf Course on Centennial Campus for Arnold Palmer, Johnson just opened his own… Published on February 27, 2024 AI-Driven Lab Speeds Catalysis Research The new tool, called Fast-Cat, can provide more information in five days than is possible in six months of conventional testing. Published on February 21, 2024 Discover the Power of Design Thinking Aspiring designers arrive at the College of Design with diverse dreams and leave prepared to bring the values of design thinking to their communities and careers. Published on February 19, 2024 2023-24 University Faculty Scholars Named NC State’s 2023-24 class of University Faculty Scholars was announced today. These 22 early- and mid-career faculty receive this designation in recognition of their outstanding academic achievements and contributions to NC State through their teaching,… Published on February 15, 2024 At the Zoo: A Trip to Asheboro with Chancellor Woodson and Veterinarian Dr. Jb Minter Chancellor Woodson hits the road to talk with Dr. Jb Minter about what it’s like to oversee the care of 250 different species of animals at the North Carolina Zoo in Asheboro. The Abstract NC State’s dedicated research blog explains why the discoveries we make here matter throughout the everyday world. Explore the Abstract Using Stats to Protect Oceans What Frogs Can Tell Us About Our Intestines Beam Me Up: Using Lasers to Detect Moth Migrations First, Do No Harm: Guidance for Community-Engaged Research After Disasters In the News March 5, 2024 Yahoo! News PFAS is piling up in our trash. Can we keep it contained? March 5, 2024 Financial Management Magazine Why risk management failures are not limited to banking March 5, 2024 WBUR Oyster restoration project focuses on increasing diversity in marine sciences Follow NC State News Sign up to receive daily email digests of the latest news and success stories from across NC State University — and learn how we Think and Do. Email PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Submit Connect with us on social Facebook Facebook X X Instagram Instagram LinkedIn LinkedIn Faculty and Staff Meet the many faces of NC State, and share their most recent accomplishments in teaching, research and outreach. See more stories NC State Receives $6.9 Million From NSF, NIEHS to Fund New Oceans and Human Health Center 2023-24 University Faculty Scholars Named Board of Trustees Approves New Contract for Corrigan Bridging Accessibility Gaps in the Fashion Studio Home Raleigh, NC 27695 919.515.2011 Subscribe to News Email CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Submit About NC State News Accessibility Apply Brand Platform Brand Voice and Tone Guide Contact COVID-19 Updates Free Speech Privacy Strategic Plan University Policies Connect With Us Facebook X LinkedIn Instagram YouTube © 2024 NC State University. All rights reserved.