European University Institute Skip to content Open menu About Academic Units Library Historical Archives Services Partners Jobs Resources for EUI Members European University Institute Open EUI Academic Units menu Jump to: Department of Economics Department of History Department of Law Department of Political and Social Sciences Florence School of Transnational Governance Max Weber Programme for Postdoctoral Studies Robert Schuman Centre for Advanced Studies Apply Events News People Research Search Search European University Institute website Search Search in: Web People Research Help Equality, diversity and inclusiveness at the EUI EUI statement on equality, diversity and inclusiveness Opening doors to the future Welcome to the European University Institute Learn more Learn more Spotlight on Voices - Festival of journalism and media literacy Read more Voices - Festival of journalism and media literacy Support to scholars affected by the war in Ukraine Read more Support to scholars affected by the war in Ukraine The EUI Global Executive Master Read more The EUI Global Executive Master News EUI Welcomes Refugee Students via University Corridors for Refugees Programme The European University Institute (EUI) proudly announces its continued participation in the University Corridors for Refugees (UNICORE) initiative in 2024. This UNHCR-backed project awards scholarships to refugees, enabling them to pursue higher education in Italy. Read more EUI Welcomes Refugee Students via University Corridors for Refugees Programme Newly released: A database to explore and improve communication on migration On 4 March 2024 the Migration Policy Centre launched the Migration Communication Campaigns Database, a tool to support those who work on migration, as well as communicators and the press. Read more Newly released: A database to explore and improve communication on migration Fernand Braudel Fellowships: special call to candidates from Widening countries The European University Institute (EUI) has launched a call for applications to the Fernand Braudel Senior Fellowships, in the framework of the EUI Widening Europe Programme. Read more Fernand Braudel Fellowships: special call to candidates from Widening countries The EUI strengthens its cooperation with Max Planck Law The European University Institute (EUI) and Max Planck Law have signed a partnership agreement to foster academic collaboration in the field of legal studies. Read more The EUI strengthens its cooperation with Max Planck Law View all news Events Read more 11 March 2024 Working group Department of Law The significance of the ICJ South Africa v. Israel Case Read more Read more 13 March 2024 Lecture Max Weber Programme for Postdoctoral Studies Granting rights to protect nature: possibilities and limitations Read more Read more 27 March 2024 Seminar series Department of Political and Social Sciences From suffrage to representation Read more View all events Our three pillars We deliver research excellence Our PhD researchers do a research-intensive programme in Economics, History and Civilization, Law, and Political and Social Sciences. The Max Weber Programme for post-doctoral fellows covers all aspects of an academic career. We do policy-relevant research The Robert Schuman Centre carries out research on the major issues facing Europe, bridging the world of academia and practice through interdisciplinary and applied research. We train current and future leaders The Florence School of Transnational Governance trains current and future leaders in policymaking beyond the state. The School offers a Master in Transnational Governance, executive education, fellowships and policy dialogues. Featured Publication A Year and a Half in Exile This research memo analyzes the integration of Russian migrants using biannual surveys from the OutRush project panel. Ivetta Sergeeva - Emil Kamalov Read more A Year and a Half in Exile #WhyEUI Hear it from our researchers, fellows and students Previous Next Ezgi Arda, PhD, ECO "Everyone in the Economics Department is very approachable […] every moment spent here becomes an opportunity to learn and grow as a researcher." Julià Gómez Reig, PhD, HEC "This is a lively community of scholars from different disciplines, academic cultures, and backgrounds, which is what makes the EUI so unique." Ivanka Karaivanova, PhD, LAW "Be prepared for a rapid and intensive, yet hugely positive growth at the EUI." Raffaele Mastrorocco, PhD, SPS "The EUI has allowed me to become more confident about my work and my place in academia. I have found a welcoming atmosphere that provides me with stimulating intellectual exchanges." Michał Pawłowski, MRes graduate, ECO "An international milieu and the opportunity to learn from world-renowned scholars guarantee that all MRes graduates are more than prepared to conduct their own research." Márta Pardavi, Policy Leader Fellow, STG "The STG Policy Leader Fellowship strengthened my connections to academics and policy makers, which became an important building block in the project I launched during my time at the STG to strengthen human rights defenders around the EU." Previous Next European University Institute Badia Fiesolana Via dei Roccettini 9, 50014San Domenico di Fiesole (FI) EUI Newsletter Stay up to date! Analyses and commentary on social, political, legal, and economic issues from the Institute's academic community. Subscribe Follow European University Institute: European University Institute on X European University Institute on Facebook European University Institute on Linkedin European University Institute on Youtube European University Institute on Instagram Academic units Economics History Law Political and Social Sciences Florence School of Transnational Governance Max Weber Programme Robert Schuman Centre for Advanced Studies Apply Doctoral programmes Master's programmes Executive training Fellowships Summer schools Services/Resources Deans Library Historical Archives of the European Union Civica Support Services Campus facilities Alumni Visitors at the EUI Tenders Funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union or the European Education and Culture Executive Agency (EACEA). Neither the European Union nor EACEA can be held responsible for them. Terms and conditions Data protection Health, safety and security Accessibility © European University Institute 2024, Badia Fiesolana - Via dei Roccettini 9, I-50014 San Domenico di Fiesole (FI) - Italy Go back to top of the page