Tulsa World | Breaking News | Read Tulsa News, news for Tulsa County, and the metropolitan area of Oklahoma. The latest weather, crime, politics, and more. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 46° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local News Business Crime & Courts Government & Politics Indigenous Issues Special Reports & Databases Nation & World State & Regional Education Obituaries Sports College OK Preps Extra TU Sports Extra OU Sports Extra OSU Sports Extra ORU Sports Extra Pro sports Betting Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Life & Entertainment Events Art & Theatre Food & Drink Music Home & Gardening Movies & TV Fashion & Style Wellness Parenting Pets Faith People Travel Comics Contests Puzzles Play Announcements Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Tulsa World Archives Special Sections Our Properties Broken Arrow Owasso Reporter Sand Springs Leader Skiatook Journal Wagoner County American-Tribune Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Shop Local Today's Deal Legal Notices Tulsa World Store Customer Service Manage Tulsa Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter signup Subscribe Contact us Photo Submissions Report a correction Manage Owasso Subscription Manage Sand Springs Subscription Manage Skiatook Subscription Manage Wagoner Subscription Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Business Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs 46° Clear Tulsa's Super Tuesday forecast: Mild and dry | Watch Joe Martucci's forecast It's Super Tuesday in Oklahoma. Meteorologist Joe Martucci says Tulsa will enjoy very pleasant weather to walk, bike or leave the windows down while driving to the polls. After decades of waiting, Zink Lake is starting to fill with water The process of filling the lake is expected to take a day or two. Officials will use the next few months to check water quality and to fine tune dam operations. Youngest speaker in Oklahoma history: Rep. Kyle Hilbert elected as speaker-designate According to the press release, Hilbert will be only the second Republican speaker 30 years or younger to serve in any state since 1873. Tulsa requests drone-related legislation, lawmaker proposing 'vertiports' says “Drones are going to be a major part of our life going forward,” Sen. John Haste said in pushing to integrate rapidly developing technology into Oklahoma's airspace. Teachers merit stipend program proposal approved by Tulsa school board Tulsa Public Schools’ Board of Education approved a proposal Monday night for the district to participate this semester in a merit-based teacher stipend plan. #oklaed Campaigns quiet ahead of Tuesday's Oklahoma presidential primaries With President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump virtually certain to be the Democratic and Republican nominees, the state has seen no notable activity from their campaigns or others. Judge upholds jury's $33 million verdict in Ottawa County jail death The judge rejected a request for a new trial in a civil rights lawsuit involving the death of Terral Ellis II, a 26-year-old detainee at the Ottawa County jail. Tulsa mayor switched from backing closed primaries to campaigning for open ones “The fact that I’m sitting here as a mayor right now and didn’t lose in 2020 is testament to the fact that most people are not in the vocal, angry extremes,” G.T. Bynum said. Oklahoma House votes to exempt Ag secretary from Drummond's multi-office opinion Language providing an exemption to the ruling for Secretary of Agriculture Blayne Arthur was substituted into a discarded Senate bill and passed 94-1. Palace Cafe and Prairie Fire Pie are gone. Meet Lofi and Ava June, coming to Cherry Street The two new concepts involve owners and staff of Hodges Bend and Lowood Modern Woodfire, popular destinations that were destroyed by fire in 2023. Let's Go: Welcome spring with Celtic fare, concerts, home & garden events Here is a sampling of events happening in March in Tulsa. 52 employers with job openings will be at Tulsa's largest career fair on Thursday See who will be at the Tulsa World Media Co.'s career fair on Thursday, March 7, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Central Park Hall at Expo Square. 6A-2A state basketball tournament schedule announced For the second year in a row, all of the 6A and 5A state basketball tournament games will be played at Lloyd Noble Center in Norman. Barry Lewis: Transfer portal includes success stories, cautionary tales for ex-ORU, Tulsa players ORU never recovered this season from Max Abmas and Connor Vanover entering the transfer portal. Abmas shines at Texas, but Vanover's move to Missouri was a bust. Tulsa police: 18-month-old passenger dies after crash with fire truck last week Three adults and three children were in the car that collided with the fire truck at 41st Street and New Haven Avenue around 5:30 p.m. Feb. 26. Doubleshot Coffee Co. in Tulsa marks 20th anniversary with day-long event The event will run 7 a.m.-6 p.m. and feature coffee tastings, documentary film screenings, a performance by a string quartet from the University of Tulsa and more. How Oklahoma school district's 'hope-centered' effort helps students thrive | Faces of Hope Four years into an effort proposed by Superintendent Kirt Hartzler, Union Public Schools' "Hope Team" is spearheading a districtwide commitment to nurturing hope and a brighter future for every student. Exploring the Tulsa sound: Origins, influences and impact | From the Archive From the Tulsa World Archive, a five-part series that tells the history of rock 'n' roll in Tulsa thanks to teens like Gene Crose, Clyde Stacy, Leon Russell and many more. Here is the final chapter. Inside ONEOK's $18.8 billion buyout making 'a stronger Tulsa' ONEOK CEO Pierce Norton II outlined his company's purchase of Magellan Midstream Partners, innovation and the future. $800 million data center in the works in east Tulsa The project would be the first major buildout of the Fair Oaks Industrial Park. Patty Gasso says 'We are human' following end of NCAA-record 71-game win streak Louisiana took an early 3-0 lead, weathered a seventh-inning comeback that tied the contest and defeated the Sooners 7-5 in eight innings at Love’s Field. Tulsa Symphony Orchestra to perform 'Harry Potter'; 'She Makes Art' show returns Here are the biggest arts events for the week. 'Writing Out Loud' finds new home on YouTube “Writing Out Loud,” the locally produced TV series featuring in-depth interviews with writers from around the country, has found a new home. Tulsa women dominate SMU to close in on AAC title | Barry Lewis' three takeaways Tulsa was ahead virtually the entire game for one of its most complete performances of the season, led by Temira Poindexter, Delanie Crawford and Katia Gallegos. TPS board to consider district participation in teacher merit pay program Tulsa Public Schools’ Board of Education will consider a proposal Monday night for the district to participate this semester in a merit-based teacher stipend plan. #oklaed Bill Haisten: Angie Nelp is TU’s most dynamic basketball coach since Bill Self In six seasons before Angie Nelp arrived at TU, the Hurricane program’s record was 59-114. In race to prevent lead in drinking water, who is being left behind? A major concern voiced by environmental advocates is how part of the cost will fall on homeowners because the EPA did not ban utilities from charging residents for the remediation. High schools: Basketball playoff scores updated for March 2 See who won and lost in Thursday's and Friday's postseason action. Sooners nearly upset No. 1 Houston in Kelvin Sampson's return to Norman | Mason Young's three takeaways The best player in the Big 12 fittingly scored the ultimate bucket that quieted a once-raucous arena and No. 1 Houston walked out with an 87-85 survival of Oklahoma on Saturday night. Bill Haisten: Kevin Wilson’s Tulsa football process shifts to a more serious level No matter what Kevin Wilson is discussing, he always funnels it to the importance of winning. Recommended For You After decades of waiting, Zink Lake is starting to fill with water $800 million data center in the works in east Tulsa Inside ONEOK's $18.8 billion buyout making 'a stronger Tulsa' The Latest Tulsa homes for big families Tulsa homes with at least five bedrooms. 'Ah-haa:" Bob Wills Day swings at Oklahoma Capitol The performer of Oklahoma’s official country and western song is celebrated with live music in the Capitol’s second-floor rotunda. 'Stay out' Mullin says he advised Trump regarding Senate leadership contest "My advice to President Trump … is to kind of stay out of the race because it’s a lose-lose situation," Mullin said on CNN's "State of the Union." Throwback Tulsa: BOK Center hosts 2019 Big 12 championships for third consecutive year 2024 will mark the eighth year in a row Tulsa's BOK Center hosts the Big 12 wrestling championships. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends OU's Javian McCollum after close loss to No. 1 Houston: 'We can compete with anyone in the country' OU's Porter Moser reflects on close loss to No. 1 Houston, previews matchup with Cincinnati OU's Rivaldo Soares back to form after ankle injury Sports High school basketball -- Ms. Inside: Holland Hall's Mia Adams Holland Hall's Mia Adams edges BTW's Marcayla Johnson as the Ms. Inside winner. Class 3A basketball preview: Metro-Cascia is marquee quarterfinal boys matchup; Defending champs still teams to beat Victory Christian, Cascia Hall, Metro Christian and Kellyville are contenders for the 3A boys title. Union's Kirk Fridrich, Wagoner's Dale Condict going into OCA Hall of Fame Condict and Fridrich will enter the OCA Hall of Fame with a combined 11 state football titles as head coaches. Tulsa women play for AAC championship Tuesday at Tulane The Golden Hurricane is one win away from its first conference title in 18 years. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Contributor New year, new profile: How to refresh your Instagram presence in 2024 Contributor Content. If you've been stagnant on Instagram for too long, 2024 is the year to change that. Contributor How to get more TikTok followers in 2024 Contributor Content. If you own a business and are not on TikTok, you should probably create a profile as soon as possible. Sponsored Boost your home’s value with a bathroom tub/shower remodel and conversion Content by Zintex Remodeling Group. Zintex’s professional design and consultant staff guide homeowners through the process of choosing which finishes and fixtures to pick. Sponsored An open letter to the people of Tulsa from Covanta Content by Covanta. Covanta turns trash into energy and handles a whopping 280,000 tons of garbage every year, preventing it from festering in landfills. Local Businesses Scissortail Wealth Management 1203 E 33RD ST #100, TULSA, OK 74105 Sieg, William 317 S 48TH ST, BROKEN ARROW, OK 74014 Hollyfrontier Sinclair Print Ads Ads 2.28 Ultra Accel TUL cns Other Oct-Nov-Dec 2023, Jan-Feb 2024 Ads Banking Financial Feb. Campaign Other Feb Content - Topic #1 Ads JAN-FEB PFP Retail Stores National Rarities March 2024 Event Other March Other FEB. 2024 ADS Furniture Decor MARCH 2024 Other March × Facebook Twitter Instagram Sites & Partners Owasso Reporter Sand Springs Leader Skiatook Journal Wagoner County American-Tribune Services Manage Subscription Contact us Advertise with us Newsletter Signup Join our Team Licensing © Copyright 2024 Tulsa World, 315 S. Boulder Ave. Tulsa, OK 74103 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe