U.S. Department of the Interior Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Newsroom Vote.gov Accessibility Menu Accessibility Menu Toggle Font Size Toggle OpenDyslexic Toggle Dyslexia-friendly black-on-creme color scheme Contact Us U.S. Department of the Interior Menu About About Interior Meet the Secretary Interior Leadership Departmental Offices History of the Interior Join Careers Pathways Program Veterans Employment Volunteer Bureaus Bureaus Bureaus Bureau of Indian Affairs Bureau of Indian Education Bureau of Land Management Bureau of Ocean Energy Management Bureau of Reclamation Bureau of Safety & Environmental Enforcement Bureau of Trust Funds Administration National Park Service Office of Surface Mining Reclamation & Enforcement U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service U.S. Geological Survey Priorities Priorities Addressing the Drought Crisis Advancing Environmental Justice America the Beautiful Clean Energy Future Increasing Outdoor Access Investing in America Strengthening Indian Country Tackling the Climate Crisis Media Media Blog Press Releases Media Contacts Multimedia Search Newsroom Vote.gov Accessibility Menu Accessibility Menu Toggle Font Size Toggle OpenDyslexic Toggle Dyslexia-friendly black-on-creme color scheme Contact Us U.S. Department of the Interior A Year of Historic Investments Interior’s Successful 2023 Learn More White Sands National Park. Photo by National Park Service. Caption Info U.S. Department of the Interior Blog Post 02/27/2024 Advancing Equity at the Department of the Interior Read More Blog Post 02/26/2024 Connect with Nature in 2024 Read More Blog Post 02/22/2024 Invasive Species: Finding solutions to stop their spread Read more blogs Latest News Press Release 02/29/2024 Biden-Harris Administration Announces $74 Million to Address Legacy Pollution and Revitalize Coal… Press Release 02/29/2024 Interior Department Commemorates Black History Month, Reinforces Commitment to Honoring the Legacy… Read More Press Release 02/27/2024 Interior Department Announces $195 Million for America’s National Parks through President Biden’s… Read More Read more news News and headlines from Interior, March 1, 2024 This Week at Interior Webcams Return to top Subscribe Enter your email address to subscribe to Interior news and updates Leave this field blank Section Title About DOI Accessibility Contact Us Copyright Disclaimer Information Quality Privacy Policy Site Map Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Section Title Budget & Performance Coronavirus Updates Cummings Act Notices Diversity, Inclusion & Civil Rights FOIA Inspector General No Fear Act reports Open Government Initiative U.S. Department of the Interior Stewarding Conservation and Powering Our Future 1849 C Street NW, Washington, DC 20240