News - CNET X Your GuideTo a Better Future Tech Money Home Wellness Home Internet Energy Deals Sleep Price Finder More Top News Stories AI and You: Gemini Flubs Are 'Unacceptable,' Musk Sues OpenAI for Putting Profit Over Principles Get up to speed on the rapidly evolving world of AI with our roundup of the week's developments. By Connie Guglielmo Nothing Phone 2A Cuts the Price and the Lights The phone will cost only $349 when it goes on sale in the US later this month. By Andrew Lanxon Instagram, Facebook, Threads Are All Having Issues Tuesday Meta's popular services are having some problems. By Eli Blumenthal Hades 2 Is Coming, but You Can Play the Original With Netflix Games Soon You'll be able to play the award-winning indie game on iOS and iPadOS with a Netflix subscription. By Zachary McAuliffe Apple Updates MacBook Air With M3, Dual Monitor Support The upgraded 13- and 15-inch MacBook Airs get a processing bump, while the M2 Air sticks around at a lower price. They're available from March 8. By Scott Stein EU Slams Apple With $1.95B Fine for Blocking Cheaper Music Streaming Options Apple's rules mean rivals such as Spotify can't tell you when cheaper subscriptions may be available outside the iOS app, the European Commission says. By Katie Collins Apple's Refreshed iPhone Cases and Apple Watch Band Come in Earthy Pastels With warmer weather comes Apple's midcycle case and band refresh for its 2023 phones and watches. By Melissa Perenson What Surprised Me in Apple's Vision Pro Store Demo Commentary: Apple's test drive experience not only entertains, it gives a sense of ownership. Here's what to expect if you get a demo. By Bridget Carey Latest Xbox Game Pass Ultimate: SpongeBob, MLB 24 and More Are Arriving Soon You can play these titles and more with a Game Pass Ultimate subscription. By Zachary McAuliffe iOS 17.4: Your iPhone Just Got These New Emoji and Other Features You can download the latest iOS update now. By Zachary McAuliffe Best Innerspring Mattresses in 2024 We tested the top innerspring beds on the market, and here are our top picks for that traditional bouncy feel with increased support. By Lindsay Boyers Best Soft Mattress of 2024 Have you been dreaming of sleeping on a cloud? Here are our top picks for the best soft mattresses on the market. By KJ Callihan Best Hotel Mattresses in 2024 You can have the luxury of a hotel bed at home. Here are our top six picks for the best hotel mattresses, tested by our sleep experts. By Owen Poole Best VPN for Chrome 2024 Add a layer of privacy and unblock geographical restrictions in your web browser with the top VPNs for Google Chrome. By Moe Long Instagram, Facebook, Threads Are Back Online After Having Issues Tuesday Meta's popular services had a rough morning. By Eli Blumenthal Best Internet Providers in Jacksonville, North Carolina Spectrum and Metronet are top choices for internet in Jacksonville, but they aren’t the only options. Here are the best internet providers in Jacksonville. By David Anders Watch Champions League Soccer: Livestream Bayern Munich vs. Lazio From Anywhere Can the Bavarians turn things around? They face the Italian giants in this last-16 tie at the Allianz Arena. By Kevin Lynch Watch Champions League Soccer: Livestream Real Sociedad vs. PSG From Anywhere The Spanish side need to overturn a two-goal deficit in this decisive last-16, second-leg clash. By Kevin Lynch Watch Champions League Soccer: Livestream Real Madrid vs. RB Leipzig From Anywhere The Spanish giants have a slender lead to protect at the Santiago Bernabéu. By Kevin Lynch Hades 2 Is Coming, but You Can Play the Original With Netflix Games Soon You'll be able to play the award-winning indie game on iOS and iPadOS with a Netflix subscription. By Zachary McAuliffe Best Tablet 2024: Top Tablets From Apple, Samsung, Amazon and More We've tested tablets across several operating systems, including iPadOS, Windows, ChromeOS and Android and these are our top picks. By Joshua Goldman Best Vacuum Cleaners of 2024: Roomba, Dyson, Tineco, Roborock and More We've tested and picked out the best vacuum cleaners for a variety of surfaces including carpets, hardwood floors, and more. By Brian Bennett ChatGPT: What It Is, How It Works and How It's Evolving It started as just a research project. But ChatGPT instead swept us away with its mind-blowing skills. Now you can even get custom AI apps. By Stephen Shankland See More Special Reports CNET Zero Everything you need to know about sustainability. Citizen Now Learn to better navigate our digital world. Mysteries of the Brain A dive into the infinite complexities. Making the Metaverse The next stage in the internet's evolution. Tech Enabled Creating independence for everyone. Your guideto a better future DealsReviewsBest ProductsGift GuideShopping ExtensionVideosSoftware Downloads About CNET Newsletters Sitemap Careers Cookie Settings Help Center Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information instagram youtube tiktok facebook x flipboard US France Germany Japan Korea © 2024 CNET, a Red Ventures company. All rights reserved.