Open Dental Software - Open Source Practice Management 503-363-5432 Home Manual Trial Version Order Developers Distributors Distributor List Programming Resources Source Code Linux and Macintosh Downloads Forum Contact Us Search Quality Software for Dental Offices Comprehensive, highly customizable dental practice management software at an affordable price for practices of any size. Order Open Dental Packed with Features Discount Plans Electronic Prescriptions Graphical Tooth Chart Built-in, Graphic, and User Queries Email Interoperable with Other Software 100s of Bridges to Other Programs 20+ Clearinghouses 3rd Party Services and Products Other Services Conversions from 200+ Dental PMS Sheet Design Service Custom Query Writing Service Replication Support Incident Support Boost Efficiency with eServices Patient Portal Payment Portal Web Forms Web Sched Secure Email Integrated Texting Automated Messaging ODMobile ODTouch eClipboard Bundle eServices and save! Add eServices Today Fast and Stable Microsoft .NET Framework Modern MySQL Database Futureproof Open GPL License Community User Forums User Newsletter Open Dental Users Facebook Group 3D tooth chart shows patient dentition and treatment over time. Rapid Release Cycle New Versions: Version 23.3 - Enhancements to frequency limitations. Additional preferences. (beta) - Version 24.1 - Integration with EDS Attachments. Various ODTouch enhancements. Webinars Pre-recorded webinars and tutorials Customer Announcements 02/22/2024 - We have received a report of Retrace (also known as Retrace Dental and Retrace Labs) claiming to be a fully integrated partner with Open Dental. Retrace is not partnered with Open Dental in any way. This service writes back unauthorized data directly to the Open Dental database which is dangerous. Open Dental is advising practices not to use Retrace. 02/22/2024 - Change Healthcare has been hit by a cyberattack and has been down for the past two days. This is affecting all of their services. There is no ETA on when Change Healthcare is expected to be fully functional again. To switch to a different clearinghouse, see our Clearinghouse List. 02/22/2024 - The Change Healthcare cyberattack is also affecting many pharmacies across the US. Electronic prescriptions may not go through or may error out. Providers may need to try sending prescriptions to another pharmacy. 02/23/2024 - EDS is currently experiencing connectivity issues with claims, attachments, eligibility requests, and ERA delivery. Users may receive an error when attempting to use these services. There is no ETA on when these issues will be resolved. 11/22/2023 - The latest Open Dental User Newsletter has been released. See company announcements, new feature highlights, tips and tricks, and more. Archived Customer Announcements Open Dental Blog See our Google Privacy Policy Developers | Contact Us | Employment Open Dental Software 503-363-5432 service@opendental.com