Craft Beer & Brewing Toggle navigation Search Login / Register Subscribe Search Recipes Reviews Top IPAs Top Stouts Top Pale Ales Top Sours Top Lagers Top Saisons Top Belgians Search All Reviews Video Courses Podcast Tools Gravity-Plato Calculator ABV Calculator Color Converter Hydrometer Temp Correction Yeast Pitch Rate Beer Name Generator Calorie Calculator All Brewing Tools Events Brewers Retreat Brewery Workshop Minnesota Craft Beer Festival Shop Newsletter Subscribers Subscriber Exclusives View Issues Online All Access Brewing Courses Your Beer Reviews Manage Subscription More Fresh Beers Brewing Guides Brewing Courses Oxford Companion to Beer Gift Guide Find CB&B Magazine Contact Help Center Advertise Brewing Industry Guide Craft Spirits & Distilling Podcast Episode 348: Keys to Successful Beer Fermentation with White Labs, Russian River, and Beachwood Unlock the secrets of successful fermentation through new and simplified approaches to yeast nutrition, enzymes, and more, with techniques outlined by Chris White, founder of White Labs, Garrison Fratoni, head brewer for Russian River, and Julian Shrago, brewmaster for Beachwood. By: Jamie Bogner Recipe: South African Umqombothi This traditional, spontaneously fermented sorghum beer is like nothing else you’ve ever tasted—thick, tangy, rustic, and meant for drinking within a few days. By: Lucy Corne RELATED: A Culturally Important Beer Make Your Best Rye IPA This rye riff on the classic American IPA is plenty hop-forward but with a more substantial grist than most. Rye’s an excellent ingredient that pairs beautifully with bright, clean hop flavors. By: Josh Weikert RELATED: Recipe: Goat’s Beard Rye IPA Recipe: Goat’s Beard Rye IPA Trial and error led to a winning combo of grist and hop bill in this recipe, and the result is a fun and interesting rye rewind on the ubiquitous IPA. By: Josh Weikert RELATED: Make Your Best Rye IPA Podcast Episode 347: Preston Theony of Wren House Embraces Change as a Constant and Flavor Over Style Whether it’s flipping a session-strength porter between ale and lager fermentation, or moving hops from the whirlpool to the dry hop in hazy IPAs, there’s not much that the head brewer for Phoenix’s Wren House won’t change. Just don’t ask him to alter more than one variable at a time—and don’t mess with his chocolate rye! By: Jamie Bogner Sponsored Put Your Pallet in a Parka Standard cold chain shipping has its flaws. Learn how Pallet Parka saves breweries up to 50 percent on cold chain shipping costs as a sustainable packaging solution. By: Brew Movers (Sponsored) Video Tip: The Challenges and Quirks of Brewing Smoky Stjørdalsøl Jan Chodkowski, co-owner and head brewer at Denver’s Our Mutual Friend, describes the rustic malting process and brewing considerations behind strong, intensely smoky Stjørdalsøl—a Norwegian farmhouse style that they brew once per year. By: Jan Chodkowski RELATED: Video Course: Brewing Historically Inspired Smoked Beers with Our Mutual Friend Sponsored Pour, Sip, Connect! It’s time to tap into the American Homebrewers Association! By: American Homebrewers Association (Sponsored) Evaluating Beer: Blind Spots and Superpowers We know that we can get better at smelling and tasting beer, but how does it work? From Tasting Beer author and sensory guru Randy Mosher, here are some insights to help us identify and better understand our own strengths and weaknesses. By: Randy Mosher RELATED: Diving Into Beer’s Aroma Pools Cooking with Märzen: Smoked Trout–Salad Sandwich Here's a sandwich fit for sturdy trestle tables and seasonal festivals, featuring a smoked-trout salad that gets a splash of märzen or festbier. Guten appetit! By: Christopher Cina RELATED: Oktoberfestbier: Brewing the World’s Most Famous Party Lager Recipe: 12 West Radial Spines From 12 West Brewing in Gilbert, Arizona, here’s a recipe for their Citra-Mosaic lager that scored a 98 with our blind-review panel and went on to become one of our Best 20 Beers in 2023. By: Justin “Gully” Gullickson RELATED: Podcast Episode 346: 12 West Finds Success in Simplicity with West Coast Pils and IPA Podcast Episode 346: 12 West Finds Success in Simplicity with West Coast Pils and IPA Arizona’s 12 West racked up the honors from Craft Beer & Brewing Magazine last year, including a score of 98 for their Radial Spines West Coast–style pils and a nod as one of our Best 20 Beers of 2023. In this episode, head brewer Justin “Gully” Gullickson and assistant brewer Andrew Cooper outline the design and process behind that beer as well as their high-scoring IPAs. By: Jamie Bogner RELATED: The Best 20 Beers in 2023 Recipe: Incendiary Brown Porter This is the recipe for one of several rotating porters that North Carolina’s Incendiary likes to make and keep on tap for its customers—but this is the one that took home gold from the 2023 World Beer Cup. By: Matt Medley RELATED: Ask the Pros: Brewing an Incendiary (and Award-Winning) Brown Porter Video Tip: Working with Modern Kit and Ingredients to Dial In Old-Fashioned Beers Our Mutual Friend co-owner and head brewer Jan Chodkowski outlines several things to consider when working with today’s equipment and ingredients to craft tasty yet historically grounded beers. By: Jan Chodkowski RELATED: Video Course: Brewing Historically Inspired Smoked Beers with Our Mutual Friend Latest Issue > Latest Recipes > South African Umqombothi Goat’s Beard Rye IPA 12 West Radial Spines Incendiary Brown Porter De Garde Première with Spruce Bierstadt Helles Kleiner Hund Session IPA Wandering Soul Future Life Pilsner Spirits & Distilling > Popular > Latest Video Courses > Brewing Historically Inspired Smoked Beers with Our Mutual Friend Jan Chadkowski, head brewer and co-owner of Denver’s Our Mutual Friend, outlines his approach to brewing historically inspired, smoke-forward beers of high drinkability. Mastering Cold IPA The brewer who invented and defined cold IPA—Kevin Davey of Heater Allen and Gold Dot Beer—shares the tips and techniques needed to brew one that shines. Fresh Hopping with Single Hill Join Single Hill cofounder and head brewer Zach Turner on an expedition to the Yakima Valley at harvest time to pick up the freshest hops, then take them back to the brewery and add them—in different forms and different ways—to beers brewed that day. View More Articles NEWSLETTER Get the best brewing tips, techniques, and recipes in your inbox. Join Newsletter CONNECT About Us Where to Find CB&B Magazine Subscribe Help Center Email Customer Service Call Customer Service (888-875-8708) FINE PRINT Privacy Terms of Use GROW YOUR BUSINESS Advertise Join Affiliate Program Unfiltered Media Group © 2023