Welcome to LSU, a top research university | Baton Rouge, La. Skip to main content myLSU Campus Crime Stats Give Apply Visit Search Menu Search LSU.edu Close Menu Louisiana State University myLSU Campus Crime Stats Give Apply Visit Search Search LSU.edu Close About Us About Us Who We Are About LSU Scholarship First Agenda News Our Achievements Our Community Our Leadership President Board of Supervisors Administration Our Commitment Division of Engagement, Civil Rights & Title IX Our Campuses Baton Rouge Alexandria Eunice Shreveport Pennington Biomedical AgCenter LSU Health New Orleans LSU Health Shreveport Academics Academics Programs & Information Majors Certificate Programs Academic Programs Abroad Academic Calendar General Catalog Academic Offices Academic Affairs University Registrar International Programs Colleges & Schools College of Agriculture College of Art & Design E. J. Ourso College of Business College of Coast & Environment College of Human Sciences & Education College of Humanities & Social Sciences Manship School of Mass Communication College of Music & Dramatic Arts College of Engineering School of Veterinary Medicine Roger Hadfield Ogden Honors College University College LSU Paul M. Hebert Law Center Pinkie Gordon Lane Graduate School College of Science Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Why LSU? An Elite and Historic University Academic Excellence A Vibrant Community Lots of Ways to Get Involved Help When You Need It Financial Aid & Scholarships Ready to Apply? Undergraduate Admissions Honors College Graduate School Admissions Professional Schools Learn More Request More Information Plan a Visit Estimated Cost Athletics Student Resources Student Resources Need Help? Student Affairs Center for Advising & Counseling Disability Services Student Health Center LSU Cares Student Financial Management Center Campus Safety Code of Student Conduct Title IX Campus Life LIVE Residential Life University Recreation Campus Life Campus Dining Events Calendar LEARN Advising Orientation Center for Freshman Year Campus Bookstore SUCCEED Center for Academic Success Geaux Communicate Olinde Career Center Office of Retention & Student Success Student Engagement & Impact Get Involved How to Do LSU Organizations Greek Life Student Government Research & Industry Research & Industry Engagement Research & Economic Development Industry & Business LSU Innovation LSU Discover GeauxGrants Initiatives Superfund Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Energy Innovation Communications Latest News Working for Louisiana Research Highlights Research Magazine LSU Science Café LSU Online LSU Online Online Degrees Discover LSU Online View All Programs Degrees Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Bachelor's Degrees Associate Degrees More Information Online Certificates / MicroCreds® Professional Development Online Distance Learning Pre-College Programs Close Menu Pause Video Fueling the Future We Build Teams That Win Leading Louisiana's Energy Innovation LSU-led Team Wins Largest Grant Ever Awarded by U.S. National Science Foundation LEARN MORE AbOUT The FUEL PARTNERSHIP LSU researchers are leading a statewide team that will help create jobs in the energy sector, develop innovative solutions to energy challenges, and train the world’s energy workforce. Energy companies, universities, community and technical colleges, and state agencies are part of this historic partnership. Watch Video $160 million To fund energy innovation 50+ partners From industry, education, and government 1 mission Develop global energy solutions Find Yourself Here Become a Tiger today. Join the ranks of a vibrant community of students and scholars collectively dedicated to help you explore your ambitions, pursue your dreams, or advance your career. An elite research university with some of the top-ranked programs across the nation, LSU’s academic enterprise provides access to higher education for learners at every stage of life. Apply Today Explore Opportunities From field goals to career goals, we empower students to follow their passion and meet challenges head-on. A top research university with some of the top-ranked programs across the nation and professors renowned around the world, LSU offers unrivaled academic opportunities and equips our students for success in their fields. From field goals to career goals, we empower students to follow their passion and meet challenges head-on. A top research university with some of the top-ranked programs across the nation and professors renowned around the world, LSU offers unrivaled academic opportunities and equips our students for success in their fields. LSU is an elite research university, where students can find undergraduate research opportunities, locate a faculty mentor, and connect with other student researchers. LSU is an elite research university, where students can find undergraduate research opportunities, locate a faculty mentor, and connect with other student researchers. LSU Discover Explore LSU majors and minors by YOUR Interest. Select what you’d like to do after college, and we’ll show you how LSU can get you there. Explore LSU majors and minors by YOUR Interest. Select what you’d like to do after college, and we’ll show you how LSU can get you there. Majors by Interest There are 400+ student organizations and opportunities to enrich your experience. There are 400+ student organizations and opportunities to enrich your experience. Start Exploring Connect with employers, discover career possibilities, prepare résumés, and prep for interviews. Connect with employers, discover career possibilities, prepare résumés, and prep for interviews. Olinde Career Center Find Your Major Graduate Programs It's More Than Research At LSU, Louisiana's flagship institution, the research we perform is not only our duty, it's what drives us. From cancer and diabetes to coastal sustainability, energy, and agriculture, we improve the lives of our neighbors and loved ones every day. As a top research university, in the past year alone, LSU garnered $324 million in research funds, which are projected to generate more than $943 million in statewide economic impact. “Shell and LSU Have a Long History of Taking Care of Louisiana.” — Lee Stockwell, Shell See how Shell’s catalytic $27.5-million investment in LSU and the new Institute for Energy Innovation is advancing reliable, affordable, and environmentally responsible energy in Louisiana for the world. EXPLORE Featured News LSU Offshore Wind Consortium Secures EDA Tech Hub Designation to Elevate Louisiana Energy Leadership President Biden and the Economic Development Administration have announced an LSU-led consortium, Gulf Louisiana Offshore Wind, or GLOW, Propeller, as one of only 31 newly designated Tech Hubs. LSU Emerges as Louisiana's Top Ranked University in the Wall Street Journal's 2024 Best Colleges Ranking In the latest 2024 Best Colleges in the U.S. survey conducted by The Wall Street Journal in collaboration with College Pulse and Statista, LSU has claimed the top spot among both public and private higher education institutions in the state of Louisiana. LSU Eclipses $400-Million Milestone in Research Activity Powered by its Scholarship First Agenda, which drives solutions-focused research investment in agriculture, biomedicine, coast, defense and energy, LSU reports a record $428 million in total research activity in just one year with an estimated $1.2 billion in economic impact on Louisiana. A Supportive Community Power-based Violence Support LSU is committed to responding to reports of sexual misconduct and to providing survivors with access to medical and emotional support. Power-Based Violence Support Safety Resources Stay Safe LSU is a university initiative dedicated to the safety and security of our students, faculty, and staff. Stay Safe Student Life Services Whether it’s transitioning to the college environment, participating in peer-mentoring programs or staying on track with your degree, we provide the resources you need to become part of the LSU community and to thrive within it. Student Life Get Involved Your time at LSU will go by fast. Whether it’s exploring your interests, helping out in the community, or getting a head start on your career, there are plenty of ways you can get involved. Connectwith us Top Louisiana State University Baton Rouge, LA 70803 A-Z Directory Careers at LSU Campus Map Campus Safety Employee Hub Academic Calendar Event Calendar General Catalog Geaux Communicate QEP LSU Libraries Website Feedback Report ADA Accessibility Concerns Accessibility Statement Notice of Non-Discrimination Our Commitment to Engagement Privacy Statement Copyright © 2024 Louisiana State University. All Rights Reserved. This website uses cookies to ensure site visitors get the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies and Privacy Statement. To learn more, please visit LSU Privacy Statement. I agree. Search Search Search POPULAR SEARCHES: MajorsAcademic CalendarIs the Dining Hall Food Good? FootballThings to Do on CampusHow Much is Tuition? × Video Modal ©