Route Fifty - State and Local News and Analysis Connecting state and local government leaders Continue to the site Continue to the site Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Subscribe Connecting state and local government leaders WIC, rental assistance get funding boost in newly unveiled spending bills But the bipartisan proposals for six bills would cut funding to housing and transit programs. By Kery MurakamiMarch 4, 2024 Management Workforce Cybersecurity Infrastructure Digital Government Emerging Tech Finance Events More Management Workforce Cybersecurity Infrastructure Digital Government Emerging Tech Finance Topics Law Enforcement Equality Drones Self-Driving Vehicles See all » Events About Leadership Voices Insights Contact Advertise Subscribe Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Trending Housing Climate Broadband Public Safety Human Services More than 17M low-income households will experience service disruptions if internet subsidy ends AI could help clear food stamp backlogs plaguing some states Traffic deaths decline slightly, but remain higher than before the pandemic Downtowns need a makeover. Resident, commercial engagement could help. sponsor content GovExec TV: Five Questions with Thomas MacLellan sponsor content Local Government Tax Guide: 6 Benefits Businesses Will Buy Into for Compliance More than 17M low-income households will experience service disruptions if internet subsidy ends AI could help clear food stamp backlogs plaguing some states Traffic deaths decline slightly, but remain higher than before the pandemic Downtowns need a makeover. Resident, commercial engagement could help. sponsor content GovExec TV: Five Questions with Thomas MacLellan sponsor content Local Government Tax Guide: 6 Benefits Businesses Will Buy Into for Compliance Emerging Tech How the procurement process can help agencies acquire responsible AI Buying artificial intelligence is not just about setting new policies to manage emerging technology, but applying tried-and-true processes, one expert says. By Stephanie Kanowitz March 4, 2024 Management Mayors, experts discuss the solution and barriers to ending homelessness Amid a homelessness crisis nationwide, Houston and Los Angeles have housed thousands of people under a “housing first” approach. By Daniel C. Vock March 4, 2024 Management Estimated 2.5 million people displaced by natural disasters in 2023 tell a story of recovery in America and who is vulnerable Residents who don’t know how to find information about disaster recovery assistance or can’t take time away from work to apply for aid can have a harder time getting quick help from federal and state agencies. By Tricia Wachtendorf and James Kendra, The Conversation March 4, 2024 Sponsor Content 5 ways commercial Earth observation data is benefitting state and local governments Learn about how satellite imaging data can reduce information gathering costs, speed up government processes and improve insights into remote areas. Presented by Planet Labs Management As xylazine surges, some lawmakers want jail time for dealers and people who use the drug The animal sedative is cheap, easy to get and sometimes winds up in other illicit substances. By Amanda Hernández, Stateline March 4, 2024 Finance States move to cut grocery taxes Amid rising food prices, more states are reducing or eliminating a sales tax that impacts lower-income households the most. By Elizabeth Daigneau March 1, 2024 Infrastructure Downtowns need a makeover. Resident, commercial engagement could help. Cities are finding ways to attract residents and tourists back downtown, building small business support, community spirit and a local identity. By Kaitlyn Levinson March 1, 2024 Sign up for Route Fifty Today Your daily read on state and local government email Sign up for Route Fifty Today Your daily read on state and local government email Management Lawmakers across the U.S. seek to curb utility spending on politics, ads and more extras At least a dozen states have considered bills to limit how gas, water and electric utilities can spend customers’ money. By Robert Zullo, States Newsroom March 1, 2024 Infrastructure Biden administration announces new efforts to boost the nation’s housing supply Federal officials will extend a program that has helped develop or rehabilitate nearly 12,000 affordable rental homes. By Kery Murakami March 1, 2024 Management What does a state’s secretary of state do? Most run elections, a once-routine job facing increasing scrutiny COMMENTARY | As the chief election official, a secretary of state’s influence over the democratic process can extend to every single elected office. By John J. Martin, The Conversation March 1, 2024 Finance White House beefs up child care block grants A new rule caps the total amount low-income families have to pay for child care at 7% of their income and directs states to pay child care providers more fairly and on time. By Susan Miller February 29, 2024 Events Digital Event | April 3 SLG Transportation Workshop April 3, 10:00 am ET Featured eBooks Sponsor Content Emerging Tech AI could help clear food stamp backlogs plaguing some states States are increasingly seeing it as a way to better process public benefit programs amid workforce shortages and outdated technology issues. But change can be incremental amid policy and money concerns. By Chris Teale February 29, 2024 Sponsor Content Supporting Today’s Public Sector Workforce Explote the current state of the public sector workforce, the fundamental shifts in workers’ needs, and the role of modernization in supporting and developing workers. Presented by Euna Solutions Digital Government 4 considerations for launching an effective digital ID system COMMENTARY | Successful digital identification programs need to provide equal access, security, interoperability and user convenience. By Carl Hammersburg February 29, 2024 Digital Government More than 17M low-income households will experience service disruptions if internet subsidy ends Without the the Affordable Connectivity program, millions of families could lose internet access that they rely on for work, school and health care, new survey data shows. By Kery Murakami February 29, 2024 Management Bathroom bills are back—broader and stricter—in several states State lawmakers are continuing efforts to prohibit transgender people from using public restrooms and other “sex-designated spaces,” including domestic violence shelters and crisis centers, which experts say could violate anti-discrimination laws and jeopardize federal funding. By Jazmin Orozco Rodriguez, KFF Health News February 29, 2024 Management As COVID-19 emergency funding dries up, some rural schools may face a steep fiscal cliff in 2024 Lower-income districts are likely to face bigger budget reductions, along with districts who spent relief aid on teacher salaries and new faculty hires. By Lane Wendell Fischer, The Daily Yonder February 29, 2024 Management One state looks to collect multiyear data to address the mental health crisis Ohio has launched a $20 million research project to study the social and biological factors influencing mental health. Researchers hope the study will continue for two decades and deliver actionable insights for policymakers nationwide. By Kaitlyn Levinson February 28, 2024 Infrastructure Traffic deaths decline slightly, but remain higher than before the pandemic Safety experts have struggled to pinpoint why traffic and pedestrian fatalities have remained so stubbornly high. By Daniel C. Vock February 28, 2024 Finance Amid rising costs, states scramble to budget for natural disasters The U.S. set a new record for billion-dollar climate disasters in 2023. State budgets are increasingly shouldering the costs of more frequent and expensive weather events. By Liz Farmer February 28, 2024 Workforce With federal funds flowing, weatherization workforce poised for growth Industry and community leaders are trying to build organizational systems to match the supply of weatherization workers with growing demand. By Kari Lydersen, Energy News Network February 28, 2024 Next × Sign up for our daily newsletter: --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Submit × Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Route Fifty can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. Submit Privacy Policy X This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Learn More / Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accept Cookies X Cookie Preferences Cookie List Do Not Sell My Personal Information When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. Allow All Cookies Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies - Always Active We do not allow you to opt-out of our certain cookies, as they are necessary to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting our cookie banner and remembering your privacy choices) and/or to monitor site performance. These cookies are not used in a way that constitutes a “sale” of your data under the CCPA. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work as intended if you do so. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. Visit www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more. Sale of Personal Data, Targeting & Social Media Cookies Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. If you want to opt out of all of our lead reports and lists, please submit a privacy request at our Do Not Sell page. Save Settings Cookie Preferences Cookie List Cookie List A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes: Strictly Necessary Cookies We do not allow you to opt-out of our certain cookies, as they are necessary to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting our cookie banner and remembering your privacy choices) and/or to monitor site performance. These cookies are not used in a way that constitutes a “sale” of your data under the CCPA. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work as intended if you do so. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. Visit www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more. Functional Cookies We do not allow you to opt-out of our certain cookies, as they are necessary to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting our cookie banner and remembering your privacy choices) and/or to monitor site performance. These cookies are not used in a way that constitutes a “sale” of your data under the CCPA. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work as intended if you do so. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. Visit www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more. Performance Cookies We do not allow you to opt-out of our certain cookies, as they are necessary to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting our cookie banner and remembering your privacy choices) and/or to monitor site performance. These cookies are not used in a way that constitutes a “sale” of your data under the CCPA. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work as intended if you do so. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. Visit www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more. Sale of Personal Data We also use cookies to personalize your experience on our websites, including by determining the most relevant content and advertisements to show you, and to monitor site traffic and performance, so that we may improve our websites and your experience. You may opt out of our use of such cookies (and the associated “sale” of your Personal Information) by using this toggle switch. You will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. Because we do not track you across different devices, browsers and GEMG properties, your selection will take effect only on this browser, this device and this website. Social Media Cookies We also use cookies to personalize your experience on our websites, including by determining the most relevant content and advertisements to show you, and to monitor site traffic and performance, so that we may improve our websites and your experience. You may opt out of our use of such cookies (and the associated “sale” of your Personal Information) by using this toggle switch. You will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. Because we do not track you across different devices, browsers and GEMG properties, your selection will take effect only on this browser, this device and this website. Targeting Cookies We also use cookies to personalize your experience on our websites, including by determining the most relevant content and advertisements to show you, and to monitor site traffic and performance, so that we may improve our websites and your experience. You may opt out of our use of such cookies (and the associated “sale” of your Personal Information) by using this toggle switch. You will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. Because we do not track you across different devices, browsers and GEMG properties, your selection will take effect only on this browser, this device and this website. About Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Government Executive Nextgov/FCW Defense One Washington Technology More © 2024 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top × Please read our Privacy Policy as it has recently been updated. Route Fifty uses cookies for analytics and personalization. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: I Work For Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Agency/Department Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Agency/Department Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Agency/Department Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Agency/Department Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Job Function Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. × Join thousands of innovators in state and local government who start their morning with our daily newsletter. Sign up for Route Fifty Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Route Fifty can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. Submit Privacy Policy