The H.P. Lovecraft Archive Home His Life His Writings His Creations His Study Popular Culture Internet Resources About This Site H.P. Lovecraft(1890–1937) HOWARD PHILLIPS LOVECRAFT (20 August 1890–15 March 1937) is probably best known as a writer of weird fiction, but some believe his voluminous correspondence to be his greatest accomplishment. You can explore his numerous facets through the many pages outlined here: His Life provides information on Lovecraft’s life, family, correspondents, interests, and a photo gallery; His Writings explores his wide variety of works, including his fiction and letters, and includes many electronic texts; His Creations outlines his fictional elements including Lovecraftian locations in New England, a bestiary, and a list of grimoires; His Study has information on biographies, literary criticism, bibliographies, periodicals, and online articles; Popular Culture details the movies, games, music, and art based on Lovecraft’s works, as well as the “Cthulhu Mythos”; Internet Resources gives information on other Lovecraft-related sites, newsgroups, and FTP sites; and About This Site outlines the purpose and goals of this site. If you enjoy The H.P. Lovecraft Archive, consider donating: If you wish to create a link to The H.P. Lovecraft Archive, please use this button: What’s New 4 March 2024: Created pages for Christmas with H.P. Lovecraft edited by N.R. Jenzen-Jones and the hardcover edition of The Spirit of Revision: Lovecraft’s Letters to Zealia Brown Reed Bishop edited and annotated by Sean Branney and Andrew Leman, both from Helios House Press. 28 February 2024: Created pages for L’Affaire Barlow: H. P. Lovecraft and the Battle for His Literary Legacy by Marcos Legaria (Bold Venture Press) and The Weird Tales Boys: H.P. Lovecraft, Robert E. Howard, Clark Ashton Smith and “The Unique Magazine” by Stephen Jones (Drugstore Indian Press-PS Publishing). 9 February 2024: Created a page for Miskatonic Missives, Volume I, Numbers 1–3 edited by Sean Branney and Andrew Leman (Helios House Press). 5 November 2023: Created a page for Midnight Rambles: H. P. Lovecraft in Gotham by David J. Goodwin (Empire State Editions-Fordham University Press). 17 September 2023: Created pages for H. P. Lovecraft: Letters to Hyman Bradofsky and Others, edited by David E. Schultz and S. T. Joshi, and When the Stars Are Right: H. P. Lovecraft and Astronomy, by Edward Guimont and Horace A. Smith (both by Hippocampus Press), and added the table of contents for Lovecraft Annual issue 17 to our periodicals database. Site Last Revised 4 March 2024 Contact Us Site Map Search Donate Copyright © 1998–2024 by Donovan K. Loucks. All Rights Reserved.