Home |Municipality of Groningenovers and go to the content and go to the contents go homesuhomecontactmijn Groningenengnederlandshomeinwonerwonerzoekszoekenzoekergezergezergezergietjes with a low -income also in 2023 entitlement to energy supplement. Parking and transport traffic icon, bicycle, for example, exvaliations of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areas of the areasvaling station. s, litter. Returns iconverhuizen, emigrating, naturalization, confidentiality of personal data.paspoort and ID card passport Iconalles on applying for or extending passports and identity cards. Reading reading Icon work and income work, social assistance and rules, payment date benefit, Budgetroningsesesese, borrowing, GKB and MijnGKB. Payment of Icon arrangements, reimbursements and extra costs, Stadjerspas, Surcharges, allowances for youth, education, sports, culture, health and care.found.bruiloft Iconrouwen and Partnership Trust locations, civil servants, separate. Render license ICONCRIDE ADJUSTRATION ACCOUNTS, OWN OWN OPLATION, MOLUSE RIGHT. Builds-Wonen Iconbouwen and Housing permits, monuments and archeology, Environmental. EXTRACTION ICONENTREKS AND AKTESLEMENT STANDINGevidence ICONLASE MUNICIPAL TAXES, WOZ, dog tax, remission. Help & support Icon support and Zorgwmo, care and assistance, informal care. Housing forms Icon projects and zoning plans -sized market, Ringweg Zuid, main station, zoning plans.Organize Icone Eventing Evening A small or large event? Default iconEnergie Energy Saving, energy policy, solar panels, charging stations. Default icon climate and green -bottom information, noise, air quality, subsidies.boorte Icongeboreboort indicate, sorting and recognition, Glapieren.default.default.default.default.. Education icon youth and educational learning transport, compulsory education, school holidays, window schools. Housing forms of Iconaardbevings reinforcement, Village renewal, damage settlement, earthquake damage, economy, liveability and subsidies. Safety. Safety situation Icon safety, home-to-hosting, in-the-paving, in-the-paving, in-the-lamps, in-the-lamps, in the Ramping, in-the-Lofts, in the Ramping, in-the-Loftness.Groningen.default icon culture, sports and leisure city poet, culture subsidies and prizes, pleasure craft, sport.Nieuwsviskiosk moi eem!Officially open -open version program for the approach to poverty and debts29 February 2024th slavery history of Groningen29 February 2024soms just fifteen minutes of beuken'22 February 2024marm de mol in your garden13 February 2024 launch 'Groen Enjoy star' for the Horecabranche newspaperThe municipality, also especially for your neighborhood or area, are several ways to contact contact telephone 14 050 (shortened number) WhatsApp 06 12 82 39 73meer Contact details We can be reached viaxexterne-link-iconfacebook externe-iconinstagramexterne-Relink-icon-vrocykeriekebercykery-bree-protection scenic© 2024 Municipality of Groningen