Official Website | Dr. Phil Primetime Skip to the main content. About Shows & Videos Local Listings Latest Videos Advice Health Life Strategies Marriage Mind and Body Money Parenting Relationship/Sex Self Matters Weight Be on the Show Be In the Audience Help Resources Treatment Resources Speaking Engagements Podcasts Phil in the Blanks Mystery & Murder: Analysis by Dr Phil I’ve Got A Secret with Robin McGraw Robin's World Robin's World About Robin Ask Robin When Georgia Smiled Book Shop Search Search Toggle Menu Search Search Toggle Menu About Shows & Videos Toggle Menu Local Listings Latest Videos Advice Toggle Menu Health Life Strategies Marriage Mind and Body Money Parenting Relationship/Sex Self Matters Weight Be on the Show Be In the Audience Help Resources Toggle Menu Treatment Resources Speaking Engagements Podcasts Toggle Menu Phil in the Blanks Mystery & Murder: Analysis by Dr Phil I’ve Got A Secret with Robin McGraw Robin's World Toggle Menu Robin's World About Robin Ask Robin When Georgia Smiled Book Shop Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Tiktok Pinterest New Dr. Phil! Season 22 WE’VE GOT ISSUES: How You Can Stand Strong for America’s Soul and Sanity by Phillip C. McGraw, Ph.D. From the #1 New York Times bestselling author and beloved television host comes We’ve Got Issues, How You Can Stand Strong for America’s Soul and Sanity, a new book on how to come home to our core values, fortify our families and re-embrace self-determination and self-governance. Learn More Dr. Phil McGraw, acclaimed host, and the 26-year trusted voice in America, unveils MERIT STREET MEDIA™, a new network of essential news and entertainment delivering common sense television you can use. Programming, to be announced, will include Dr. Phil and a diverse and respected group of household names. Meet and Greet with Dr. Phil Join us for an exciting meet and greet with Dr. Phil, to celebrate his new book, "We've Got Issues"! Tickets are required and can be pre-purchased through Eventbrite. Each ticket includes a signed copy of We've Got Issues. Dr. Phil will be meeting each guest and is happy to take a photo together. Dr. Phil Season 22 Dr. Phil takes on cheaters, liars, in-laws and more. This Week on Dr. Phil We are bringing you the best of the best for Season 22 of Dr Phil Monday The Girl In The Box: Kala Brown’s Story Tuesday The Girl In The Box: Kala Brown's Story Of Abduction By A Suspected Serial Killer Wednesday A Wife And Mother Of 4 Is Leaving Home For A 24 y.o. Kenyan Man She’s Never Met! Thursday We’re Alcoholics, But We’re Great Parents Friday My Tourette’s Made Me Viral Monday The Girl In The Box: Kala Brown’s Story Tuesday The Girl In The Box: Kala Brown's Story Of Abduction By A Suspected Serial Killer Wednesday A Wife And Mother Of 4 Is Leaving Home For A 24 y.o. Kenyan Man She’s Never Met! Thursday We’re Alcoholics, But We’re Great Parents Friday My Tourette’s Made Me Viral Latest Videos Reformed Drug Dealer Says Fentanyl Crisis Isn’t An Epidemic, ‘It’s A Plague' ‘You Want To Stop, But Your Body Won’t Let You,’ Says Woman Who Bought Counterfeit Meds Laced With Fentanyl Are ‘ISO’ And ‘Pyro’ Replacing Fentanyl As America’s Deadliest Drug? Tell Us Your Story Dr. Phil wants to hear from you. Choose a topic below and tell us your story. Helicopter Parent Are you a parent who will do anything to protect your children? Caught Up in the Crowd Have you, or someone you know, got caught up in the excitement amongst a large group of people? Regretting College? Do you, or someone you know, regret going to college? BE ON THE SHOW Ask Dr. Phil! Share Your Story Would you like to ask Dr. Phil a question? Do you want Robin's input on something? Is there a guest you want the show to update? Or a comment you would like to make? BE ON THE SHOW Ask Dr. Phil! Share Your Story Would you like to ask Dr. Phil a question? Do you want Robin's input on something? Is there a guest you want the show to update? Or a comment you would like to make? Phil in the (blanks) Podcast Join Dr. Phil for thought-provoking discussions! Latest episodes on mental health, success, and life advice Analyzing The Root of Violence, Anger and Retaliation Revolutionizing Brain Health and Emotional Well-Being Parent-Child Relationship Advice Health, marriage, money, parenting, weight tips, and more from Dr. Phil. Patient Bill Of Rights As a patient, you have certain rights when you visit a doctor or hospital. Become familiar with your rights – listed... Health Insurance Questions Answered Are you seeking answers to your health insurance questions? We turn to insights from Rhonda Abdalla, a licensed... Health Coverage to Stay on Budget When it comes to healthcare costs, there’s a popular way to get additional benefits and protect yourself from high... Train Your Brain, Have Fun & Unwind with Solitaire Grand Harvest Even when life feels busy, don’t forget to train your brain just like you exercise any other part of your body! “It’s... How To Have Fun and Help Your Emotional and Mental Well-Being Making time for fun in your life on a regular basis is really important for your emotional and mental well-being,” Dr.... Rebellion Triggers: 7 Reasons Why People Fail to Lose Weight In The 20/20 Diet: Turn Your Weight Loss Vision Into Reality, Dr. Phil shares the results of a national survey on the... I'VE GOT A SECRET! PODCAST with ROBIN McGRAW Robin's got a secret - actually LOTS of secrets- and she's ready to share them all with YOU! Grab your girlfriends and tune in to feel empowered, motivated, and EXCITED to live your happiest and healthiest life. Consider this your weekly girl time! Be the first to hear about news. SIGN UP WITH EMAIL TM & © 2023 Peteski Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Dr. Phil's Advice Health Life Strategies Marriage Parenting Relationships / Sex Self Matters Weight Tell Us Your Story Be on the Show Ask Robin Special Features Video Library Local Listings Episode Schedule About Dr. Phil Treatment Resources Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your Privacy Choices © 2024 FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube Tiktok Pinterest Return to Top