Farmers.gov top Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Translations | Service Centers | Contact The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites always use a .gov or .mil domain. Before sharing sensitive information online, make sure you’re on a .gov or .mil site by inspecting your browser’s address (or “location”) bar. This site is also protected by an SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) certificate that’s been signed by the U.S. government. The https:// means all transmitted data is encrypted — in other words, any information or browsing history that you provide is transmitted securely. Farmers.gov U.S. Department of Agriculture MENU Pandemic Assistance Blog Data USDA.gov LOG IN | SIGN UP SIGN UP Home Loans Toggle submenu Farm Loan Options Learn about farm loan options to help you meet your goals. Inflation Reduction Act Assistance for Distressed Borrowers Learn about Section 22006 of the IRA that provides assistance for distressed borrowers. Discrimination Financial Assistance Program Learn about the program that assists producers who experienced discrimination in USDA Farm Loan Programs. Featured Featured Image Online Loan Tools Featured Text Use USDA's online farm loan tools to find loans that might be right for you, apply for a direct loan, or make a payment on a direct loan. Loans View All in Loans Loans Protection and Recovery Toggle submenu Protection Toggle submenu View all Protection Programs USDA offers programs that provide coverage for producers to help them manage risk and to protect their operations from the impact of natural disasters and offer price support for drops in prices or revenues. Featured Featured Image Disaster Assistance Discovery Tool Featured Text Learn about USDA disaster assistance programs that might be right for you by completing five steps. Drought Programs and Resources Recovery Toggle submenu Hurricane Programs and resources that can help prepare for and recover from hurricanes. Drought USDA programs and resources that protect or help recover from drought. Wildfire Programs and resources about protection and recovery from wildfires. Winter Storms Programs and resources about protection and recovery from winter storms. View all Recovery Programs USDA offers programs to help producers recover losses and rebuild including assistance for natural disasters, crops and plants, animals and livestock, conservation, price support and more. Featured Featured Image Disaster Assistance Discovery Tool Featured Text Learn about USDA disaster assistance programs that might be right for you by completing five steps. Drought Programs and Resources Protection and Recovery View All in Protection and Recovery Protection and Recovery Conservation Toggle submenu Nutrient Management Efficiently managing nutrients maximizes yields and protects the environment. Climate-Smart Agriculture & Forestry Producers and landowners play a critical role in climate change mitigation. Soil Health Principles of soil health and best practices to work with the land, not against it. Water Quality How to improve water quality on your land through practices and initiatives. Water Quantity How to manage water quantity on your land through practices and initiatives. Easements and Reserves Learn about easements and reserves and how they benefit different types of land. VIEW ALL IN CONSERVATION Featured Featured Image Conservation at Work Video Series Featured Text Learn about the benefits of conservation directly from farmers, ranchers, and landowners through our 90-second videos. Conservation Concerns Tool Conservation View All in Conservation Conservation Working With Us Toggle submenu Program Eligibility and Deadlines Toggle submenu Common Forms Browse common forms you may need to complete to work with USDA. Crop Acreage Reports Crop acreage reporting is required to be eligible for several USDA programs. Heirs' Property Eligibility Establish a farm number on inherited land to become eligible for USDA programs. National Program Deadlines View upcoming and ongoing national USDA program deadlines. 2018 Farm Bill Learn about the 2018 Farm Bill and get information on key changes and resources. Featured Featured Image Translated Resources Featured Text Get USDA materials that have been translated to languages other than English. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators USDA Service Centers Toggle submenu Find Your Local Service Center Get contact information for your local service center and agency offices. Visiting Your Service Center Information about USDA Service Centers and how to prepare for your visit. Urban Service Centers USDA has specialized Urban Service Centers in selected locations across the country. Featured Featured Image Translated Resources Featured Text Get USDA materials that have been translated to languages other than English. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators Online Services Toggle submenu OneSpan and Box Information about secure ways to access, sign, and share USDA documents online. Access Your Farmers.gov Account Log in to your farmers.gov account or learn how to set up an account. Stay Connected with USDA Subscribe to get free email and text updates from your local service center. Taxes and USDA Programs Information and resources related to federal income taxes and USDA farm programs. Featured Featured Image Translated Resources Featured Text Get USDA materials that have been translated to languages other than English. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators Get Involved in Your Community Toggle submenu Get Involved Learn how to get involved with other producers in your community. Featured Featured Image Translated Resources Featured Text Get USDA materials that have been translated to languages other than English. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators Hire Temporary Foreign Workers Toggle submenu H-2A Visa Program Information about filling employment gaps by hiring workers from other countries. Create Your H-2A Visa Checklist Create your personalized H-2A visa requirements checklist for your H-2A hiring needs. Track Your H-2A Cases Check the approval of your H-2A cases with DOL or USCIS. Featured Featured Image Translated Resources Featured Text Get USDA materials that have been translated to languages other than English. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators Working With Us View All in Working With Us Working With Us Your Business Toggle submenu Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Toggle submenu Plan Your Farm Operation Think about your operation from the ground up and start planning for your business. Visit Your USDA Service Center Get in touch with your local Service Center to find programs to support your operation. Find Land and Fund Your Operation USDA has spent decades helping new producers find land and money for their businesses. Build Your Business Lean on USDA to help you build your operation with sound business and financial knowledge. Sell Your Farm Products Explore everything about producing, marketing and actually selling your final product. Maintain Your Farm Operation Take care of your farm operation, and it will take care of you. USDA can help. Featured Featured Image How to Start a Farm: Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Featured Text New to farming? Want to learn how to start a farm? USDA can help. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators Who You Are Toggle submenu Small-scale Producers No matter the size of your operation, USDA can help it grow. Organic Farmers Explore USDA programs, services, and resources available for organic farmers. Urban Growers Browse USDA programs and services provided for urban farmers and gardeners. Women Farmers Women farmers and ranchers play a vital role in American agriculture in producing the food and fiber to feed and clothe the world. Partnerships With Tribal Nations USDA collaborates and partners with Tribal Nations to help them meet their land stewardship, production, and food sovereignty goals. LGBTQ+ Farmers USDA help farmers and ranchers regardless of their race, gender, or sexual orientation. Featured Featured Image How to Start a Farm: Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Featured Text New to farming? Want to learn how to start a farm? USDA can help. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators What You Grow and Raise Toggle submenu Livestock Browse programs and services that USDA offers to support your livestock operation. Row Crops Browse USDA programs and services to assist your row crop operation. Specialty Crops Browse USDA programs and services for specialty crops like fruits and vegetables. Forests Browse USDA programs and services that could help your forest land. Featured Featured Image How to Start a Farm: Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Featured Text New to farming? Want to learn how to start a farm? USDA can help. Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinators Your Business View All in Your Business Your Business Search Farmers.gov Search Farmers.gov is not optimized for this browser. Please use the latest versions of Chrome, Edge, or Safari for the best experience. Dismiss Find your state/county's agriculture data and USDA resources on your farmers.gov Local Dashboard! dismiss close Home Jump to list of pages for: top Farmers.gov U.S. Department of Agriculture Busting Farm Tax Myths USDA has partnered with experts to address misconceptions about tax filing. Learn about common tax myths for Busting Farm Tax Myths News Learn about FSA's Online Loan Application Find your state/county's agriculture data and USDA resources on your farmers.gov Local Dashboard Learn about USDA's Urban Service Centers Inflation Reduction Act: Assistance for Distressed Borrowers Assistance for Producers Discriminated Against in Loan Programs Conservation Assistance Boosting Domestic Production through Double Cropping, Nutrient Management and Fertilizer Investments Important Dates Conservation Program State Ranking Dates Date varies by state Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price Loss Coverage (PLC) ProgramsMar 15, 2024 Whole-Farm Revenue ProtectionMar 31, 2024 Micro Farm ProgramMar 31, 2024 View All Farmers.gov Tools Your Farmers.gov Account Access secure self-service business tools like managing loans, viewing farm records and e-signing documents. Create a New Account Farm Loan Assistance Tool Learn about the farm loans that might be right for you, check your eligibility, and get instructional help with the application forms. Get Ready to Apply Apply for an FSA Loan Access a secure online portal where you can complete your application and submit it for processing. Apply for a Farm Loan Your Local Dashboard Find your state/county's agriculture data and USDA resources in your Local Dashboard. See news, commodity prices, weather, and more! View Your Dashboard Disaster Assistance Discovery Tool Learn about USDA disaster assistance that might be right for you by completing five steps. Find Assistance Create Your H-2A Visa Checklist Answer a few questions to get a checklist of requirements, fees, forms, and a timeline built around your H-2A hiring needs. Create Your Checklist Popular Topics How to Start a Farm New to farming? Veteran looking to start a farm? USDA can help with resources specifically designed for beginning farmers and ranchers. Underserved Producers A complete guide to USDA resources for historically underserved farmers and ranchers to ensure equitable access to services. Urban Growers Are you gardening or farming in an urban environment? USDA can help you start and grow your operation. Farmers.gov Account Tools Getting a farmers.gov account gives you access to financial assistance features, conversation management tools, and more. Farm Records Mapping Your farmers.gov account allows you to access and export your FSA farm records, maps and common land units on demand. Farm Records Mapping Video Tutorials Conservation Use your farmers.gov account to request conservation assistance, e-sign documents and track your conservation practices and contracts. Conservation How-To Video Tutorials Switch Profiles Login and act on behalf of another farming operation to use tools, sign documents, and access records using your farmers.gov account. Switch Profiles Video Tutorials Find Your Local Service Center View in: Ver en: Español USDA Service Centers are locations where you can connect with Farm Service Agency, Natural Resources Conservation Service, or Rural Development employees for your business needs. Enter your state and county below to ﬁnd your local service center and agency offices. If this locator does not work in your browser, please visit offices.usda.gov. Learn more about our Urban Service Centers. Visit the Risk Management Agency website to ﬁnd a regional or compliance office or to ﬁnd an insurance agent near you. State - Please select - Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Federated States of Micronesia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virgin Islands Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming County - Please select - Farmers.gov Blog Conservation Fridays on the Farm: Inspiring the Next Generation of Women Conservationists Jonathan Groveman, NRCS, California • Mar 01, 2024 Disaster Planning and Assistance Breaking Down Barriers to Crop Insurance Kameka Gray, Outreach Specialist, Risk Management Agency • Feb 29, 2024 Read more on the Farmers.gov Blog AskUSDA One central entry point for you to access information and help from USDA. AskUSDA.gov | 1-833-ONE-USDA | askusda@usda.gov Ask a question Find your state/county's agriculture data and USDA resources on your farmers.gov Local Dashboard! dismiss Main navigation - Footer Home Loans Protection and Recovery Conservation Working With Us Your Business Legal Accessibility Statement FOIA Information Quality Non-Discrimination Statement Privacy Policy Resources Español Tools Disaster Resource Center Farm Surveys and Statistics Veterans USDA.gov WhiteHouse.gov Subscribe to Our Updates Stay updated on the latest news and stories from farmers.gov and other USDA topics. Email Address Farmers.gov U.S. Department of Agriculture Contact techsupport@farmers.gov for help with this website.