NC DHHS: North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services Skip to main content An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy. Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu NCDHHS COVID-19 NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS Main menu Assistance Assistance ADA and Civil Rights Grievance Procedure Aging and Adult Services Assistive Technology Children's Services Deaf-Blind Services Disability Services Disaster Preparation And Recovery Guardianship Hearing Loss Low-Income Services Medicaid Mental Health And Substance Use Disorders Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements North Carolina Reproductive Health Services Unemployment Services Veteran's Services Vision Loss Vital Records Divisions Divisions Aging and Adult Services Child and Family Well-Being Child Development And Early Education Disability Determination Services Health Benefits (NC Medicaid) Health Service Regulation Mental Health, Developmental Disabilities and Substance Use Services Office of Economic Opportunity Office of Health Equity Office of Rural Health Public Health Services for the Blind Services for the Deaf and the Hard of Hearing Social Services State Operated Healthcare Facilities Vocational Rehabilitation Services Providers Providers Licensure Provider Information LME-MCO Directory Policies, Manuals and Forms News News Press Releases Media Contacts Events Newsletter Articles About About Administrative Offices Data Dashboards, Action Plans/White Papers Department Initiatives DHHS Mission, Vision, Values and Goals Directives Grant Opportunities Leadership Overview Strategic Priorities Contact Contact Division Contacts Hotlines Report Fraud Vendor Resources Utility Menu NCDHHS COVID-19 NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS Search Popular Topics Food Stamps (FNS) Medicaid Birth Certificates Apply for WIC Child Support Adoption Homepage NCDHHS Strategic Priorities NCDHHS is focusing on three priorities through 2024: Investing in behavioral health and resilience, supporting child and family well-being and building a strong and inclusive workforce. These priorities are grounded in whole-person health and equity and cut across a broader strategic plan that NCDHHS uses to drive effective operations and measure the impact of services provided throughout the state. More People Can Now Get Health Coverage Through NC Medicaid North Carolina has expanded health care coverage to more people. Medicaid pays for doctor visits, emergency care, mental health, prescriptions and more – at little to no cost to those enrolled. Find Out More Department Initiatives DHHS Intranet (NCID required) DHHS Open Window DHHS Policies, Manuals and Forms Hotlines LME-MCO Directory Sign Up For NCDHHS Newsletter Social Services County Information Work for DHHS Community and Partner Engagement NCDHHS has launched a Community and Engagement Plan and website to ensure the voices of North Carolina communities and families continue to be at the center of the department’s work. Updated COVID-19 Vaccine and Annual Flu Shot Protect yourself and your family with an updated COVID-19 vaccine and annual flu shot. Both protect against severe illness and are available at your local pharmacies and health providers. Data Dashboards, Action Plans/White Papers A central hub where you can view the current NCDHHS Data Dashboards and Action Plans/White Papers. What We Do The North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services manages the delivery of health and human related services for all North Carolinians, especially our most vulnerable people – children, elderly, disabled and low-income families. The Department works closely with health care professionals, community leaders, advocacy groups, local, state and federal entities and many other stakeholders to make this happen. Learn More About the Department Local Social Services Office Each county in North Carolina has a local social services agency available to answer questions. They should also be your first call if you suspect a child is being abused or neglected. We're here to help you find contact information for your local county office. Local County Offices Assistance Child Care Provider Search Medical Eye Care Program Independent Living for People with Disabilities SVG Children's Services Deaf-Blind Services Disability Services Hearing Loss Low-Income Services Medicaid Mental Health and Substance Use Reproductive Health Services Refugee Services Aging and Adult Services Guardianship Veteran's Services Vision Loss Vital Records Stay Updated Sign up to receive our latest press releases and newsletters on our News webpage. Contact Information NC Department of Health and Human Services 2001 Mail Service Center Raleigh, NC 27699-2000 Customer Service Center: 1-800-662-7030 Visit RelayNC for information about TTY services. Follow Us Network Menu Employee Directory nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer & Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons