Autism Education & Resources | Autism Speaks Skip to main content Autism Speaks My Autism Guide Walk Donate Walk Donate About Us Blog Events Careers Set Your Location What Is Autism? Learn the Signs Symptoms of Autism What Causes Autism? Asperger Syndrome Autism Statistics and Facts Learn about Screening Screening Questionnaire First Concern to Action Autism Diagnosis Criteria: DSM-5 Newly Diagnosed Associated Conditions Sensory Issues Interventions Access Services Insurance Caregiver Skills Training (CST) Help & Information Information by Topic Directory Resource Guide Autism Response Team Our Work Our Mission Our Impact Our Grantmaking Research Programs Autism by the Numbers Caregiver Skills Training (CST) Get Involved Fundraising & Events Walk TeamUp Kindness Campaign Social Fundraising Ways to Give Memorial & Tributes Stocks Workplace Giving Shop Advocate Corporate Support Become a Supporter Ways to Engage Meet our Supporters ¿Que es el autismo? Deteccion De Autismo Deteccion Temprana Recursos Amabilidad Donate What Is Autism? Learn the Signs Symptoms of Autism What Causes Autism? Asperger Syndrome Autism Statistics and Facts Learn about Screening Screening Questionnaire First Concern to Action Autism Diagnosis Criteria: DSM-5 Newly Diagnosed Associated Conditions Sensory Issues Interventions Access Services Insurance Caregiver Skills Training (CST) Help & Information Information by Topic Directory Resource Guide Autism Response Team Our Work Our Mission Our Impact Our Grantmaking Research Programs Autism by the Numbers Caregiver Skills Training (CST) Get Involved Fundraising & Events Walk TeamUp Kindness Campaign Social Fundraising Ways to Give Memorial & Tributes Stocks Workplace Giving Shop Advocate Corporate Support Become a Supporter Ways to Engage Meet our Supporters ¿Que es el autismo? Deteccion De Autismo Deteccion Temprana Recursos Amabilidad About Us Blog Events Careers My Autism Guide Walk Donate Select Your Location Set Your Location Location Please enter your location to help us display the correct information for your area. A world in which all people on the spectrum can reach their full potential Learn More Do you have a job that's right for someone with autism? If you're hiring, the answer is yes! Our Workplace Inclusion Now (WIN) program can help! Learn more Information and Support What Is Autism? There is no one type of autism, but many. Learn the Signs One of the most important things you can do. Newly Diagnosed Start here In Your Community Autism Response Team Have questions? We are here to help. Providers & Information Expert Advice. Credible Resources. Local Providers. Autism Friendly Events Find events in your area. Find the Resources Right for You Person with Autism Parent Educator Advocacy priorities Autism Speaks influences policy at the state and federal government levels. To do this, we work with Congress, the White House, state legislators, agencies, and regulators. See our Advocacy Priorities Together, we are creating a world where all people with autism can reach their full potential. The Autism Speaks Walk brings together people with autism and the parents, grandparents, siblings, friends, relatives and providers in a network of friendship and support. Funds raised help fuel innovative research, advocacy, and critical programs and services. Walk With Us Autism News All the latest that matters to our community 2.15.24 Autism Speaks Chief Science Officer speaks at congressional hearing on the Autism CARES Act of 2024 On February 14, Autism Speaks Chief Science Officer Andy Shih testified before Congress on the transformative impact of programs authorized under the 2.1.24 Autism Speaks CEO testifies before Congress on pathways for employment of individuals with autism and other disabilities Keith Wargo shared data and personal narratives, illustrating the transformative power of inclusive employment practices, during the House Small 1.29.24 Autism Speaks awards $115,000 in grants to 23 organizations serving the autism community Autism Speaks announces its 2023 Local Impact Grant recipients. These grants fund nonprofit 501(c)(3) organizations that provide autistic people with 1.18.24 Autism Speaks honors Texas State Representative Donna Howard for advocacy on behalf of autism community Autism Speaks bestowed Representative Howard with our Public Service Award in recognition of her effort during the past legislative session to improve 1.18.24 Autism Speaks honors Iowa Medicaid Director Elizabeth Matney for exemplary leadership in advancing access to autism services Autism Speaks is pleased to recognize Iowa Medicaid Director Elizabeth Matney for her leadership of the Iowa Department of Human Services' redesign of 1.12.24 Autism Speaks recognizes California Assemblywoman as a champion for the autism community Autism Speaks recognizes California Assemblywoman Blanca Rubio for leadership in improving the state’s transition planning process for autistic and Read More Learn the skills you need to support your child’s development At no cost to families, the World Health Organization’s Caregiver Skills Training (CST) program teaches parents and caregivers the day-to-day skills they need to help their children reach their full potential. Learn to build your child’s communication, engagement, positive behavior, daily living skills and more. Learn more Sign up for emails from Autism Speaks Get news, updates, and more Sign Up Now! Show your support Shop official Autism Speaks apparel & accessories to show your commitment to a more inclusive world Shop Now Life on the Spectrum Jack M. | 2 years old Autism is unpredictable, and I feel whatever course of treatment or route your journey takes you on, it is much easier to do as a unit. For those who don't have a supportive village to rely on, Autism Speaks and support groups can be that. Read Jack M.'s Story Kim M. It has become the driving force of my life Read Kim M.'s Story Lia M. We're really just trying to pretty much bridge that gap between both sides. Read Lia M.'s Story Erin M. | 33 years old Basketball is my safe space. When I was young, playing basketball gave me a way to make friends and a place to be confident. It motivated me in other aspects of my life, academically, socially, emotionally, mentally and physically. Read Erin M.'s Story Explore More Stories If you've met one person with autism, you've met one person with autism. - Dr. Stephen Shore What Is Autism? Help & Information Our Work Get Involved Community Stories About Us Our Locations Careers News Shop Corporate Support State Fundraising Notices Autism Speaks Canada Need Personalized Support? Our Autism Response Team (ART) is specially trained to connect people with autism, their families, and caretakers to information, tools, and resources. Get in Touch with ART Donate News, Updates & More Sign Up Now! Follow Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service RSS Grants © 2024 Autism Speaks Inc. 501(c)(3) organization, EIN: 20-2329938. Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility