Hormel Foods Skip to content Hormel Foods Hormel Foods Menu Our Sites Corporate Select site Corporate hormelfoods.com Foodservice hormelfoodservice.com Foodservice Intl. hormelinternationalfoodservice.com HORMEL® Brand hormel.com JENNIE-O® Brand jennieo.com About Back to Topics About Overview Our Values Our Family of Companies Innovation Leadership Inclusion and Diversity Our Food Journey™ Our History Brands Global Impact Back to Topics Global Impact Global Impact Report Overview Planet Society Governance Our Food Journey™ Our 20 By 30 Challenge Global Impact Reports Careers Back to Topics Careers Apply Now Overview Why Hormel Foods? Career Center Meet Our Recruiting Team New Grads and University Recruiting Military Recruitment Newsroom Back to Topics Newsroom Overview Press Releases News Media Resources Features Back to Topics Features Inspired Stories The Cooking & Culture Project Recipes Investors External Link Search Search Search Press Release Office Potluck Inspires Innovation Resulting in Launch of HORMEL® Sweet Garlic Ginger Pork Loin Recipe of Hormel Foods team member is inspiration for company’s latest marinated-meat sensation Read More Press Release Hormel Foods Hosts Student Winners of its 13th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Essay Contest Hormel Foods team members commemorate MLK Day and Black History Month with an essay competition for elementary and middle school students from across the country Read More We Are Hormel Foods A global branded food company with more than 20,000 team members worldwide, making a difference for our customers, communities and shareholders. About Us Awards & Recognition Previous Next All Awards Brands Flavorful, Nutritious & Convenient Over 40 of our brands are No. 1 or No. 2 in their categories and our products are sold in more than 80 countries, including China, Japan, Australia, South Korea and the Philippines. Find a Product Stories Savor Weeknight Simplicity Finding the perfect balance between convenience and flavor doesn’t have to be a challenge. Explore Recipes Our Food Journey™ United to Make a Difference Our belief is that good business and good stewardship go hand in hand. We Invest in our people and partners, we aim to improve communities and the world, and we create products that improve the lives of our consumers. Our Food Journey Global Impact Stories Soil, Health & Scaling Regenerative Ag Applegate and its research partners are laying the groundwork for a supply chain that incorporates climate-positive practices for better human health. The Future of Farms? Careers Join Our Passionate, Inspired Team We are more than 20,000 employees across the globe, united by a sense of purpose and a desire to make a difference. Our global team of employees and partners is a group of smart, talented and motivated individuals committed to our company. Apply Now Career Center Stories Meet the Innovators: Svetlana Peña Svetlana Peña, innovation lead, pipeline creation at Hormel Foods, shares insights on retail innovation and collaborating with customers and suppliers. Meet Svetlana Inspired Stories from Hormel Foods Read about the people, the food and the communities that inspire us. Inspired Stories Stories Unwrapping Traditional Delight Zongzi is not just a dish, it holds significant cultural and symbolic value. Read More 40+ Best-In-Class Brands Previous Next All Brands News Previous Press Release 3.5.2024 Innovation Office Potluck Inspires Innovation Resulting in Launch of HORMEL® Sweet Garlic Ginger Pork Loin Recipe of Hormel Foods team member is inspiration for company’s latest marinated-meat sensation Press Release 3.4.2024 Awards & Recognition SPAM® and STAGG® Chili Brands Recognized for Trustworthiness in Canada BrandSpark International honors the SPAM® brand in the canned luncheon meat category, and the STAGG® chili brand in the canned… Press Release 2.29.2024 Performance Hormel Foods Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Results Company delivers volume growth across all segments; reaffirms full-year guidance Press Release 2.28.2024 Events Hormel Foods Hosts Student Winners of its 13th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Essay Contest Hormel Foods team members commemorate MLK Day and Black History Month with an essay competition for elementary and middle school students from across… Press Release 2.27.2024 Company Hormel Foods Announces Katie Clark as Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer Hormel Foods Announces Katie Clark as Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer Next All News Explore Our Brands Expand Close Explore Our Brands Filters Global Cuisine Sauces/Toppings Meat & Proteins Snacks Meals Healthy Living/Wellness Side Dishes Show All All Brands Facebook Instagram Linkedin Pinterest Tiktok Youtube Helpful Links Media Resources Careers Global Impact Report Investors Support Accessibility Allergen Information Contact Us FAQ Find a Product Policies Promotions Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Icon California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 Hormel Foods 45-Day Satisfaction Guarantee Code of Ethical Business Conduct Communities Alumni Newsletter Sign-Up Suppliers Hormel Foods © 2024 Hormel Foods Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Our Sites Corporate Select site Corporate hormelfoods.com Foodservice hormelfoodservice.com Foodservice Intl. hormelinternationalfoodservice.com HORMEL® Brand hormel.com JENNIE-O® Brand jennieo.com