EconTalk Podcast Archive - Econlib Liberty Fund Network Econlib Liberty Fund OLL Adam Smith Works Law & Liberty EconLog Blog Browse by Author Browse by Topic Browse by Date Search EconLog RSS Subscribe EconTalk Latest Episodes Browse by Date Browse by Guest Browse by Category Browse Extras Search EconTalk RSS Feeds Articles Latest Articles Liberty Classics Browse by Author Browse by Date Search Articles Books Books Bios Books by Date Books by Author Search Books Encyclopedia Index Browse by Author Browse by Title Biographies Search Encyclopedia Guides Index #ECONLIBREADS College Topics High School Topics Subscribe to QuickPicks Search Guides Videos Index Search Videos Liberty Fund Network Econlib OLL Adam Smith Works Library of Law & Liberty Home / this week's episode How to Avoid Lying With Statistics (with Jeremy Weber) There's often a gap between the textbook treatment of statistics and the cookbook treatment--how to cook up the numbers when you're in the kitchen of... LISTEN NOW: Explore More » DOWNLOAD last week's episode The Secrets of Great Conversation (with Charles Duhigg) When EconTalk's Russ Roberts sat down with Charles Duhigg to talk about his new book on the art of conversation,... Explore More » related episode Monica Guzman on Curiosity and Conversation in Contentious Times In our highly polarized times, everyone seems obsessed with the truth: what is it, who has it, and which side's... Explore More » Econlib on twitter Econtalk Extra By Amy Willis EXPLORE MORE » Lessons from a Zero Sum Game As war in Gaza rages on, in this episode, EconTalk host Russ Roberts welcomes Israeli journalist Haviv Rettig Gur for an historical look at antisemitism, the Holocaust, and "the long twentieth century." Gur offers a deep dive into anti-Semitism, particularly in the... FROM THE ARCHIVES EXPLORE MORE » Paul Bloom on Empathy Psychologist Paul Bloom of Yale University talks about his book Against Empathy with EconTalk host Russ Roberts. Bloom argues that empathy--the ability to feel the emotions of others--is a bad guide to charitable giving and public policy. Bloom argues that... Enter your email address to subscribe to our monthly newsletter: Data and Evidence How to Avoid Lying With Statistics (with Jeremy We... There's often a gap between the textbook treatment of statistics and the cookbook treatment--how to cook up the numbers when you're in the kitchen of the real world. Jeremy Weber of the University of Pittsburgh and the author of Statistics for Public Policy hopes his book can close that gap. He talks to EconTalk host R... 0 More Conversation Arts: Civility, Incivility, and Persuasion The Secrets of Great Conversation (with Charles Du... When EconTalk's Russ Roberts sat down with Charles Duhigg to talk about his new book on the art of conversation, Supercommunicators, Roberts tried to apply some of its lessons to his conversation with the author. The result is this special conversation between two people eager to connect and communicate. Enjoy. 9 More Conversation Arts: Civility, Incivility, and Persuasion A Lively Debate on the Israeli-Palestinian Conflic... Journalist and author Robert Wright invited EconTalk's Russ Roberts to his podcast, NonZero, to discuss the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, knowing that there would be plenty to disagree about. The two then agreed to release their back-and-forth on their respective podcasts. The result is a lively but respectful discussi... 40 More EconTalk (Extras) Lessons from a Zero Sum Game By Amy Willis As war in Gaza rages on, in this episode, EconTalk host Russ Roberts welcomes Israeli journalist Haviv Rettig Gur for an historical look at antisemitism, the Holocaust, and "the long twentieth century." Gur offers a deep dive into anti-Semitism, particularly in the European context, before turning to the present day ... 0 More History Year Zero of the Arab-Israeli Conflict (with Hille... How far back should you go to understand the current moment in the relationship between Israel and its Palestinian neighbors and the attack of October 7? Some would say 2005, or 1967, or maybe 1948 when the State of Israel was founded. But for historian and author Hillel Cohen of Hebrew University, year zero was 1929. ... 20 More History Should Israel Depend on the US? (with Michael Oren... For decades, American aid to Israel has sent a strategic message: the greatest superpower in the world stands behind the Jewish state. But does it really? Historian and former Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Michael Oren tells EconTalk's Russ Roberts that it's time for Israel to stop accepting U.S. foreign aid. He also ... 17 More Immigration, Nationalism, and Tribalism What Palestinians Are Thinking (with Dahlia Schein... Pollster and political scientist Dahlia Scheindlin has worked extensively with public opinion polls of both Palestinians and Israelis. Listen as she talks with EconTalk's Russ Roberts about the dreams, fears, anger, and frustration of both sides. Along the way she analyzes the mood of Arab-Israelis and what optimism, ... 19 More EconTalk (Extras) Tales of a Heterodox Conservative By Amy Willis Milton Friedman may be of the most recognizable economists across our Econlib family, and especially so here at EconTalk. Friedman was a teacher of our beloved host Russ Roberts (as well as one of his first podcast interviewees), a Nobel laureate, a popular political lightning rod, and a best-selling author. When histo... 0 More Family and Self-Help If Life Is Random, Is It Meaningless? (with Brian ... How did a husband-and-wife vacation end up saving a city from the atomic bomb while destroying another? And how did a century-old murder of one family bring another into existence? Easily, explains political scientist Brian Klaas of University College London, who points out that history is replete with chance events t... 20 More Growth Can a Nation Plunder Its Way to Wealth (with Noah ... Did nations get rich on the backs of other nations? Did the West get rich from imperialism? Noah Smith says no. But why not? If you can steal stuff, isn't that better than having to make it yourself? Listen as Noah Smith and EconTalk's Russ Roberts discuss the impact of imperialism and industrialization on growth and ... 15 More EconTalk (Extras) Capitalism, Cartels, and Unintended Consequences By Kevin Lavery Donald Trump’s plan for a wall across the American southern border is one of the most controversial policy proposals in American history. Along with Trump’s usual dose of falsehoods and anti-immigration fear-mongering, the opioid crisis quickly became a favorite talking point to support his flagship policy, specifi... 1 More History The Challenge of Covering the Most Important Story... Journalist Matti Friedman worked for the Jerusalem Bureau of the Associated Press from 2006 to 2011. Looking back at that experience, Friedman argues that little has changed in the journalism landscape. Listen as Friedman discusses with EconTalk host Russ Roberts the media's obsession with Israel and how and why the... 23 More EconTalk (Extras) Snacks, Social Media, and Slot Machines By Amy Willis Do you suffer from scarcity brain? According to Michael Easter, the answer is, "probably." Many (perhaps most) of us often have the feeling that we can't get enough, and in this episode, host Russ Roberts welcomes Easter back to talk about it. Easter argues that modern technology has figured out how to get us not to ... 0 More EconTalk (Extras) Flourishing in the Future By Alice Temnick When you think of the future, how far out does your imagination take you? Next year, a century, a half million years? In this episode, Will MacAskill presents “longtermism” to us, suggesting that we have a moral responsibility to the people who will live after us, as their numbers will be substantially greater th... 0 More History From the Second Intifada to October 7th (with Dani... Over the 25 years he's lived in Israel, author Daniel Gordis of Shalem College has seen many chapters of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, beginning with the Second Intifada that followed the Oslo Accords. Listen as he and EconTalk's Russ Roberts discuss why Hamas's massacre of October 7th is different and is an existe... 28 More EconTalk (Extras) Discrimination is Costly. Is it Costly Enough? By Kevin Lavery As capitalism falls in popularity among the younger generations, the opinion that free markets incentivize discrimination has become more common. Issues such as the racial and gender earnings gap and callback discrimination against black Americans are highlighted as proof of this conclusion. So, is American capitalism ... 1 More MORE ENTRIES Econlib The Library of Economics and Liberty Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564, USA econlib@libertyfund.org About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Publications Books Articles EconTalk EconLog Videos Resources Quickpicks CEE Encyclopedia College Guides High School Guides Sign up for our newsletter Enter your email address to subscribe to the Econlib monthly newsletter. » Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 N. Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564, USA info@libertyfund.org © 2023 Econlib, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Part of the Liberty Fund Network.