Truthdig - An Independent, Progressive Journal of News and Opinion. News Activism Business & Economy Courts & Law Prison Reform DEIB Belief & Religion Immigration Labor LGBTQIA+ Race Social Justice Women Education Health & Wellness Media Military Politics Science Technology TD Original Animations Columns Digs Dig Scape Global Voices TD Interviews Investigative Stories Photo Essay Scrapbook Nominate a Truthdigger Ear to the Ground Digs Chile’s Utopia Has Been Postponed Eugenics in the Twenty-First Century: New Names, Old Ideas Fragments of Ukraine Green-Tinted Glasses The Ecstasy of Agony The Persecution of Julian Assange The Scramble for Deep-Sea Minerals The Supreme Court’s War on the Future World Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Environment Arts & Culture Books Film Music Poetry & Spoken Word Theater TV Visual Arts Opinion Columns Editorial Cartoons Humor Interviews About Us Become a member Join our Newsletter Follow Us Sign in Sign in Join Newsletter News Activism Business & Economy Courts & Law Prison Reform DEIB Belief & Religion Immigration Labor LGBTQIA+ Race Social Justice Women Education Health & Wellness Media Military Politics Science Technology TD Original Animations Columns Digs Dig Scape Global Voices TD Interviews Investigative Stories Photo Essays Scrapbook Truthdiggers Ear to the Ground Digs Chile’s Utopia Has Been Postponed Eugenics in the Twenty-First Century: New Names, Old Ideas Fragments of Ukraine Green-Tinted Glasses The Ecstasy of Agony The Persecution of Julian Assange The Scramble for Deep-Sea Minerals The Supreme Court’s War on the Future World Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Environment Arts & Culture Books Film Music Poetry & Spoken Word Theater TV Visual Arts Opinion Columns Editorial Cartoons Humor Interviews Membership News Activism Business & Economy Courts & Law Prison Reform DEIB Belief & Religion Immigration Labor LGBTQIA+ Race Social Justice Women Education Health & Wellness Media Military Politics Science Technology TD Original Animations Columns Digs Dig Scape Global Voices TD Interviews Investigative Stories Photo Essays Scrapbook Truthdiggers Ear to the Ground Digs Chile’s Utopia Has Been Postponed Eugenics in the Twenty-First Century: New Names, Old Ideas Fragments of Ukraine Green-Tinted Glasses The Ecstasy of Agony The Persecution of Julian Assange The Scramble for Deep-Sea Minerals The Supreme Court’s War on the Future World Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Environment Arts & Culture Books Film Music Poetry & Spoken Word Theater TV Visual Arts Opinion Columns Editorial Cartoons Humor Interviews Membership Sign in Join Newsletter Environment These Economists Say You Can’t ‘Decouple’ Emissions From Growth Akielly Hu, Joseph Winters / Grist TD Original The Supreme Court Is Validating Trump’s Strategy of Delay Bill Blum / Truthdig Activism Honoring John Lewis’ Vision on Bloody Sunday Trey Walk / Facing South He knew safeguarding democracy required far more than voting. Middle East How Washington’s Anti-Iranian Campaign Failed Juan Cole / TomDispatch The usual D.C. rhetoric isn't working as the U.S. funds a devastating war of attrition in Gaza. In the meantime, Tehran's popularity grows in the Middle East. Politics Will California Send Barbara Lee to the Senate? Amanda Becker / The 19th The Black progressive from Oakland carved out space for others to follow, including the Squad. Middle East In Gaza, Iraq War Architects Want a Redo Jim Lobe / Responsible Statecraft Post-conflict plan would make Palestinians consultants, create an Arab-led trust and allow Israeli forces and private contractors to provide security. Health & Wellness The Meat Industry Campaign to Discourage Plant-Based Diets Clare Carlile / DeSmog Meat and dairy groups have paid for advertisements that cast meat-based alternatives as unhealthy, unnatural and ultra processed. TD Original Those EU Farmer Protests Aren’t What They Seem Christopher Lord / Truthdig The “angry farmer” narrative is hiding an agribusiness alliance meant to sabotage Europe’s bold green agenda. Most Popular The Gaza War and the Red Cows of Prophecy Christopher Lord / Truthdig Those EU Farmer Protests Aren’t What They Seem Christopher Lord / Truthdig The Supreme Court Is Validating Trump’s Strategy of Delay Bill Blum / Truthdig A Country Aging Before Its Time Erin Aubry Kaplan / Truthdig The Right-Wing Crusade to End Public Education Jeff Bryant / IMI Race Can California Lead the Way on Reparations? Erin Aubry Kaplan / Yes! California is closer than any other state to realizing reparations for Black people. Now, the state faces a make-or-break moment. Opinion When Hope Dies, Action Begins David Lambert / Resilience The case for beating our addiction to “toxic hope.” Education The Right-Wing Crusade to End Public Education Jeff Bryant / IMI Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona finally spelled out exactly what Republicans aim to do to public schooling in America. Environment Lower Air Quality Is the Latest ‘Penalty’ of Climate Change Lois Parshley / Grist A new report finds that 1 in 4 people in the U.S. are breathing unhealthy air as rising temperatures and bigger fires wreak havoc on our air. Join our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest from Truthdig. Join the Truthdig Newsletter for our latest publications. Comments TD Original What’s Next for Julian Assange Alexander Zaitchik / Truthdig TD Original What’s Next for Julian Assange Alexander Zaitchik / Truthdig Following a charged two-day extradition hearing in London, the fate of the WikiLeaks founder hangs in the balance. Cartoons Trump News Christopher Weyant Support for War in Gaza Adam Zyglis Do the “Right” Thing Dave Whamond Mitch Steps Down Dave Whamond Another Shutdown? Jeff Koterba Politicizing Womens’ Choice Peter Kuper Politics Our Climate Future Hangs in the Balance This Election Marcus Baram / Capital & Main From Biden vs. Trump to an oil well referendum in California, climate change debate is all over the ballot in federal, state and local contests. Wounds of War Remembering Aaron Bushnell and Johan Galtung Amy Goodman, Denis Moynihan / DemocracyNow! Honoring two steadfast opponents of war, lost under dramatically different circumstances. Posts navigation 1 … 4,320 Next load more An Independent, Progressive Journal of News and Opinion. About Us Events Advertise Jobs Contact us Truthdig Membership Privacy Policy & User Agreement All content © 2024 Truthdig, LLC. All rights reserved. Join our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest from Truthdig. Join the Truthdig Newsletter for our latest publications. Comments Now you can personalize your Truthdig experience. To bookmark your favorite articles and follow your favorite authors, please login or create a user profile. Now you can personalize your Truthdig experience. To bookmark your favorite articles and follow your favorite authors, upgrade to supporter.