Letters of Note – Correspondence Deserving of a Wider Audience Skip to content Letters of Note Menu + × expanded collapsed About Diaries Books Prints Live SearchMagnifying glass icon Toggle Search Search Newsletter Ernest Hemingway Print Limited edition Letters of Note print designed by Stanley Chow, featuring a quote from an Ernest Hemingway letter to F. Scott Fitzgerald: “I write one page of masterpiece to ninety one pages of shit. I try to put the shit in the wastebasket.” Buy a print Most Read Surprise Me Letters Friday, 02 February 2024 My heart almost stood still The following letter was written exactly 100 years ago. It’s a remarkable piece of writing that never fails to move me. And because you deserve it, above the transcript I’ve included audio of the letter being read by the lovely Juliet Stevenson, taken from the Letters of Note: Music audiobook. Born in Alabama in 1880, Helen Keller Read Friday, 10 March 2023 Mr. Watson — come here — I want to see you On this day in 1876, shortly after making history, Alexander Graham Bell wrote the following letter to his father. To read his diary entry from that same day, visit Diaries of Note. And don’t forget to sign up for the Letters of Note newsletter. Born in Scotland in 1847, Alexander Graham Bell hailed from a Read Saturday, 04 March 2023 Diaries of Note Dear all, On 1st January of this year, after what feels like centuries of preparation, I launched Diaries of Note, and though incredibly difficult to plan, the premise is simple: every single day, on the Diaries of Note website, I am featuring a single diary entry from history, published on the same day and month Read Thursday, 02 March 2023 I would like to be paid like a plumber Although they only existed for seven years and released just three albums, Nirvana were a band of immeasurable influence in the music world thanks in no small part to Smells Like Teen Spirit, a single track on Nevermind, their second album. It was this song that brought them out into the open, going on to sell millions Read 1 2 3 … 57 Next » TwitterMy TweetsLetters of Note in your inbox About Diaries Books Prints Live Email Facebook Twitter © All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress. Hosted by Pressable. air mail stripesred and blue polygons SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER