Counseling & Therapy with Values. Find a Marriage Counselor, Psychologist, or Therapist. Toggle navigation Find A Therapist Main Therapist Search Online Counseling By Zip / Postal Code By State / Province Get Connected Find A Workshop Find A Resource Therapedia A-Z Issues and Topics A-Z DSM-5 Compendium Psychology Research Discover Counseling News About About Us Contact Us Values End Stigma Login/ Join List With Us Therapist Login Counseling Makes a Difference. Find Your Therapist Now. Specialty (optional) Personal/Individual Marriage Children Anxiety Psychologist Christian Grief Depression Family Addiction Eating Disorders Anger Management Relationships Career Psychotherapist GO A Great Therapist Changes Everything: Online or in-person. We are a network of licensed and professional clinical counselors, therapists, and psychologists who strive to make mental health care safe, affordable, and accessible. We hold compassionate values in therapy that cares for the whole person. Our goal is to help people reach their potential, overcome difficult journeys, and effect real and lasting change. We maintain strong academic rigor, as therapists on Theravive hold advanced degrees and are required to be fully licensed to practice counseling. Our purpose is to connect you to the right professional, giving you a better direction, attainable goals, and a clearer understanding of how to get there. Our therapists specialize in every form of counseling, including relationships, anxiety, trauma / PTSD, depression, families, career change, addictions, children, eating disorders, couples, and marriages. If you are seeking help for your family, a loved one, your marriage, or an issue in your own life, please enter your zip code or city to start your therapist or psychologist search and begin your path to healing today. Refined Therapy For Purposeful LivingSuccessful therapy begins with the sound values of the counselor. Our therapists are committed to our clients, and provide a safe container for resolving underlying hurts. No matter what you are facing, we are adaptable and capable of helping you start a new journey towards healing. Therapy is streamlined just for you, based on your individual needs and goals. The fundamental mission of Theravive is to help you overcome the challenges you face, and find a new path to a better future. Local Therapist Listings Quickly locate a therapist near you in the US and Canada using our Therapist Finder. Or you can find therapy by State / Province Online & Phone Counselor Listings Licensed and professional counselors are able to help you anywhere in the world. See our online therapy page to learn more.. You may call, with no obligation, free of charge, any of our online therapists to find the best fit for your unique situation. Find A Workshop, Seminar, or Event Near You Browse our events section to see what is in your area. Latest Articles: Inspiration and Guidance for Living Why Saying No To An Invitation Isn't As Bad As We Think You’ve been invited to a party that you’re dreading. But you feel rude declining the invitation. But there’s good news: research published in the J... More Siblings Results In Poorer Mental Health For Teenagers Teenagers who grow up in large families have poorer mental health than their peers who grew up in a family with fewer siblings. Researchers from Ohio State Universit... New Study Wants To Address How We Build Cities That Impact Kids’ Mental Health A new study published in Cities and Health looked at associations between real-time, self-reported adolescent mental health and urban and architectural design concep... New Study Looks At School Lockdown Drills And Exposure To Violence A new study published in the Journal of School Violence looked at assessing the relationship between exposure to violence and perceptions of school safety and emerge... New Study Looks At How Smartphones Can Detect Depression A recently published study looked at depression detection using in-the-wild smartphone images. “Our study, MoodCapture, explores the innovative use of smartpho... Note: If you need help finding a therapist, please contact us Theravive Are You A Counselor? List your Practice Therapist Login Therapists in Major Cities View Cities Calgary Edmonton Fredericton Halifax Montreal Ottawa Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg *..MORE CANADA Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boston Chicago Columbus Dallas Denver Fort Collins Houston Jacksonville Los Angeles Memphis Miami Philadelphia Phoenix Portland New York Sacramento San Diego Seattle Washington DC *..MORE UNITED STATES Browse State / Province View Locations Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming You can Get Beyond the issues, and find a new freedom in your world that you have sought after and hoped for. Theravive is here to assist in the first step. Your selected therapist is the one who will help you plan out your path ahead, and you are the one who will walk it. Make your journey the road you have longed to travel...don't be afraid to reach out, take the first step, and Get Beyond. |Sitemap | Copyright 2024, by Theravive. All rights reserved. Theravive does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. We provide information only. Theravive is intended as an informational resource of independent, private practicing clinics and counselors. We cannot guarantee the credentials or accuracy of any person or information listed on our site. Therapists on our site are not affiliated with Theravive. Please check and verify the credentials of any therapist you contact. Not all therapists listed are psychologists, and in any given city there may or may not be a psychologist listed. You are solely responsible for your use of information obtained on our site and are strongly advised to use due diligence before choosing a therapist. Read here for more info.