Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution Skip to content Join Us Press Room Directory MENUMENUWho We Are We are the world’s leading, independent, non-profit organization dedicated to ocean research, exploration, and education. About WHOI Vision & Mission Leadership Our People Diversity History & Legacy Annual Reports Contact Us Visit WHOI Directions & Maps Discovery Center Visitor Center Events Calendar Walking Tours Local Information WHOI Store Work with WHOI Careers at WHOI Technology Transfer Grants & Contracts Industry Partners Scientific Services Vendors & Contractors Bid Opportunities What We Do Understand Areas of Research Departments, Centers & Labs Programs & Projects Facilities & Services Data & Repositories MBLWHOI Library Explore Ships Underwater Vehicles Ocean Observatories Instruments Cruise Planning Expedition Blogs Educate Graduate Postdoctoral Undergraduate Guest Students K-12 Resources Academic Programs Office Spotlight on CWATER National Deep Submergence Facility Ocean & Climate Innovation Accelerator Ocean Observatories Initiative Reef Solutions Super Reefs Technology Transfer Know Your Ocean Explore Ocean Topics Corals Twilight Zone Hydrothermal Vents Right Whales Emperor Penguins Dive Into Our Research Oceanus Magazine WHOI in the News News Releases Special Reports Ocean Science Discovery Center Did You Know? Why are corals so colorful? How are seashells made? Why is the ocean blue? What causes ocean waves? How is beach sand created? Multimedia Images Video Illustration Interactive Science ALL MULTIMEDIA NewsShopGive Now OUR OCEAN. OUR PLANET. OUR FUTURE.® Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) is the world's premier independent organization dedicated exclusively to ocean research, technology, and education. We combine state-of-the-art science, engineering, and ship operations to unravel the mysteries of the deep and devise science-based solutions to planet-wide problems. JOIN US RECENT NEWS ALL News Release Climate Change New federal funding to accelerate ocean-climate resilience WHOI-led team receives funding to help small businesses prepare communities across the nation for climate change Read Oceanus Magazine Ocean Tech Our eyes on the seafloor Read Video Betty Bunce on To Tell The TRUTH (1960s CBS) Watch FEATURED RESEARCH Explore the world of wintering waterbirds Antarctica's record breaking ice sheet collapses The Polar Imperative Happy working in the mud WHOI IN THE NEWS We know how to save these beloved endangered whales. Yet we're mindlessly killing them A simple way to get microplastics out of your water Resilient Woods Hole hopes to include town on climate solutions WHOI-led team receives funding under new federal program to accelerate ocean-climate resilience AROUND WHOI Best of WHOI 2023 Watch the latest Ocean Encounters: Seabirds We are hiring! Explore careers at WHOI WHOI Ocean and Climate Outreach Series LATEST ON INSTAGRAM whoi.ocean It’s #WorldWildlifeDay, a UN-designated celebration of #wildlife and wild lands–and the people who work to protect them.⁠⁠This year’s theme, #ConnectingPeopleAndPlanet, focuses on #digitalinnovation for wildlife #conservation. In the spirit of the day, we’d like to give a shout-out to Kelpwatch, an innovative, open-source platform for monitoring changes in #kelp canopy from the Pacific Coast of North America to Argentina’s Atlantic Coast– and soon to be followed by South Africa and other countries. This free resources is a collaboration between researchers at #WHOI, @nasa, @ucla, @ucsantabarbara, and @nature_org⁠⁠Kelp forests provide habitat and food for thousands of species, including sea otters, rockfish, and sea lions. But warming waters, pollution, and overharvesting are threatening these critical marine ecosystems. Kelpwatch’s user-friendly maps, based on 35 years of remote sensing data, offer a cost-effective way to research kelp forests and develop science-based management plans for them.⁠⁠See for yourself at Kelpwatch.org!⁠⁠#WWD2024 #DigitalInnovation #TechForWildlife #HelptheKelp⁠⁠📸 by Stefan Andrews © @theoceanagency⁠⁠⁠ Mar 3 Open whoi.ocean It’s #WorldSeagrassDay!⁠⁠🐠 🐢🐬 As one of the most widespread coastal habitats on Earth, #seagrass meadows sustain some of the world’s largest fisheries, as well as provide food and shelter for turtles, marine mammals, seahorses, shellfish and crustaceans. These submerged meadows also act as natural water filters, keeping pollutants out of our seafood and protecting vulnerable coral reefs. Seagrass meadows store up to 18% of the carbon in the ocean and act as the first line of defense against coastal floods and storms.⁠⁠Despite all these incredible benefits, about a third of the seagrass around the world has disappeared. “Globally, a soccer field of seagrass is lost every 30 minutes,” says #WHOI marine chemist Matt Long, “and we lose about 5-10% at an accelerated rate every single year.”⁠⁠📲 Drift over to the link in our profile to read a @nytimes story on restoring seagrass, one blade at a time.⁠⁠📸 by Matt Long © Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution⁠⁠ Mar 1 Open whoi.ocean Happy #LeapDay!⁠⁠Small steps in marine science lead to giant leaps in understanding our ocean planet.⁠⁠⁠📸: MIT-WHOI graduate student Laura Stevens jumps over a stream of #meltwater on the #Greenland Ice Sheet during a 2010 study that identified a mechanism that triggers cracks in the ice, causing #glaciers to shed more rapidly into the ocean by Sarah Das @snowintosea; Pacific white-sided #dolphins play in the wake of @rvatlantis by Lance Willis; Adelie #penguins line up at the icy diving board by Chris Linder; a #humpback #whale breaches @stellwagenbanknms by Melissa Patrician. ⁠⁠All images © Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution⁠⁠ Feb 29 Open whoi.ocean #Throwback to a port stop in Godthaab, #Greenland in 1962! Before setting out for a research cruise on the Danish vessel Erika Dan (pictured here in port), #WHOI physical oceanographers Val Worthington and Redwood Wright took some time to go sledding with local kids using metal hydrophone covers. Wright also took these incredible shots of Greenland’s capital city, which is now called #Nuuk.⁠⁠On their cruise from Cape Farewell, Greenland to southeastern Labrador, the researchers took oxygen, temperature and salinity measurements. These deep sea measurements were some of the first ever recorded in the area, and added to a growing “atlas” of deep ocean circulation in the North Atlantic, which was still not well understood at the time. ⁠⁠📸 by Redwood Wright © Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution⁠⁠ Feb 29 Open whoi.ocean 🎉 Alvin pilot Rick Sanger passed a major #milestone today, completing his 50th dive in the human-occupied submersible!⁠⁠Since September 2022, Sanger has piloted the iconic research sub to #deepsea locations around the world. Today`s dive took place at the East Pacific Rise, a fast-spreading mid-ocean ridge. Scientists from #WHOI and @lehighu think a volcanic eruption in the area is likely within the next few years, and are taking chemical measurements and vent fluid samples with #HOVAlvin to study the process.⁠⁠📸 courtesy of Dan Fornari © Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution⁠⁠#NSFfunded #EPRLavaWatch Feb 28 Open whoi.ocean A marine #isopod dines on a mantis shrimp in a collecting tank. A relative of land-based pill bugs or roly-polys, there are thousands of these types of #crustacean in the #ocean. Some are scavengers, some are parasites, and some are filter-feeders, but they all play an important role in the carbon cycle that keeps our climate habitable.This isopod was collected during a research cruise to the Northeast US Shelf Long-term Ecological Research Station as part of an effort to study #zooplankton along the highly productive continental shelf.📸 by Daniel Cojanu © #WHOI#WeirdOcean #KeepItWeird #NSFfunded@lter_community @nsfgov Feb 28 Open OUR WORK WHOI is at the forefront of groundbreaking science and technology development, unlocking the mysteries of our ocean, its connections to life on Earth, and solutions it may hold to some of our most pressing environmental challenges. RESEARCH Our scientists and engineers lead more than 800 concurrent projects, tackling some of the most challenging and important problems of our time, from climate change and ocean pollution to sustainable food and energy production. EXPLORATION We operate a fleet of research vessels and vehicles, including two large ships (R/V Neil Armstrong and R/V Atlantis), a smaller coastal research vessel, the iconic human-occupied submersible Alvin, and dozens of other underwater robots. EDUCATION Through our higher education programs, including the prestigious MIT-WHOI Joint Program, we train new generations of ocean scientists, engineers, and leaders-providing access to cutting edge facilities and unparalleled access to the sea. CONNECTION WHOI plays a leading role in ocean communications, sharing our insights and knowledge about the ocean to the general public, policymakers, educators, and more, so we can make wise decisions about our ocean, our planet, and our future. FEATURED PROJECTS We have over 1,000 scientists, engineers, technicians, and support staff working around the globe and cutting edge laboratories to push the boundaries of knowledge about the ocean. AVAST Autonomous Vehicles and Sensor Technologies Visit the website tech-waves_Banner_v2-01 Ocean and Climate Innovation Accelerator Bringing together industry, academia, and philanthropy to develop and accelerate new climate change solutions. Visit the website tech-waves_Banner_v2-01 Ocean Twilight Zone Exploring the globe-spanning region beneath the sunlit upper ocean where life thrives Visit the website Ocean Worlds Discovering the links between life in our ocean and the search for life beyond Earth Visit the website Marine Microplastics Initiative Investigating the fate of microplastics and their impacts on marine life and human health Visit the website Super Reefs Searching for corals around the world to help ensure a future for reefs in a warming ocean Visit the website Ocean Observatories Initiative The NSF-funded program measures physical, chemical, geological and biological properties from the seafloor to the air-sea interface. Visit the website HADEX Research and exploration of the deepest parts of the ocean, Earth’s final frontier Visit the website Orpheus-underwater1920x1280 Reef Solutions Working to protect corals and reverse the global decline of reef ecosystems Visit the website Kalina Grabb with Disco on a coral reef KNOW YOUR OCEAN The ocean covers more than 2/3 of Earth's surface and is a fundamental reason why life exists on Earth-but yet many know so little about it. Dive in to learn more about our ocean planet. OCEANUS MAGAZINEExploring the oceans in depth, highlighting the research and researchers at WHOI in news, features, and interviews.READ OCEANUS OCEAN TOPICSCoralsTwilight ZoneRight WhalesEmperor PenguinsALL OCEAN TOPICS DID YOU KNOW?Why are corals so colorful?How are seashells made?Why is the ocean blue?What causes ocean waves?DID YOU KNOW ARTICLES VISUAL WHOIImagesVideoSlideshowInteractive ScienceALL MULTIMEDIA EXPLORE WITH US For nearly a century, WHOI has been one of the best known and most trusted names in ocean science and exploration. Become a part of the research that shapes our understanding of the ocean, our planet, and life on Earth. GET INVOLVED BECOME A MEMBER START A CAREER WITH US BECOME A STUDENT STAY INFORMED 266 Woods Hole Road, Woods Hole, MA 02543-1050 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution is a 501 (c)(3) organization. We are proud to be recognized as a financially accountable and transparent, 4-star charity organization by Charity Navigator. GIVE NOW Research Areas of ResearchDepartments & CentersPrograms & ProjectsShips & TechnologyData & Repositories Around WHOI Directions & MapsEvents CalendarDiscovery CenterVisitor CenterSummer ToursShopWHOI ACADEMICS GraduatePostdoctoralUndergraduateGuest StudentsK-12 ResourcesAccreditation RESOURCES Career OpportunitiesPeople DirectoryCommunity HousingAnnual ReportsMBLWHOI LibraryDiversity & Inclusion GET THE OCEAN IN YOUR INBOX We do not share email addresses. Read our Privacy Policy. CONNECT © 2024 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Privacy Policy General Information: information@whoi.edu or (508) 548-1400 | Website inquiries: webdev@whoi.edu | Media inquiries: media@whoi.edu Cookies Policy To provide the best experience possible, we use cookies and other data for a number of reasons, such as keeping the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution sites reliable and secure, providing social media features and to analyze how our sites are used. To provide the best experience possible, we use cookies and other data for a number of reasons, such as keeping the WHOI sites reliable and secure, providing social media features and to analyze how our sites are used. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage vendors Read more about these purposes Accept all cookies Necessary cookies only Customize settings Save preferences Customize settings {title} {title} {title} Cookies Policy To provide the best experience possible, we use cookies and other data for a number of reasons, such as keeping the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution sites reliable and secure, providing social media features and to analyze how our sites are used. To provide the best experience possible, we use cookies and other data for a number of reasons, such as keeping the WHOI sites reliable and secure, providing social media features and to analyze how our sites are used. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage vendors Read more about these purposes Accept All Necessary cookies only Customize settings Save preferences Customize settings {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent