High Star Ranch - Luxury Real Estate in Kamas, Utah Skip to content 435.783.3515 KAMAS, UTAH MEDIA CONTACT US Search Search Close this search box. 435.783.3515 KAMAS, UTAH MEDIA CONTACT Search Search Close this search box. Real Estate About Us Neighborhoods Spring Hill Pool and Clubhouse Pool & Clubhouse Gallery Property Map Articles High Star Ranch Gallery High Star Ranch FAQ Design Center DeJoria Center Upcoming Concerts and Events Venue Specifications Arena Josephines Room Willow Room The Dance Barn The Great Lawn State Road Tavern Corporate Events Corporate Event Request Form Wedding Venue Wedding Galleries Weddings FAQ Wedding Info Request Form Party Venue DeJoria Center Gallery DeJoria Center FAQ Preferred Vendors X Dining State Road Tavern Menu Country Store & Cafe Menu Activities Horseback Riding Horse Meditation Circle Mountain Biking Snowshoeing Horse Boarding Book An Adventure Rhodes Valley Outfitters X Real Estate About Us Neighborhoods Spring Hill Pool and Clubhouse Pool & Clubhouse Gallery Property Map Articles High Star Ranch Gallery High Star Ranch FAQ Design Center DeJoria Center Upcoming Concerts and Events Venue Specifications Arena Josephines Room Willow Room The Dance Barn The Great Lawn State Road Tavern Corporate Events Corporate Event Request Form Wedding Venue Wedding Galleries Weddings FAQ Wedding Info Request Form Party Venue DeJoria Center Gallery DeJoria Center FAQ Dining State Road Tavern Menu Country Store & Cafe Menu Activities Horseback Riding Horse Meditation Circle Mountain Biking Snowshoeing Horse Boarding Book An Adventure Rhodes Valley Outfitters X MENU LEARN MORE RSVP FOR EVENT ENJOY DRINKS & DINNER TAVERN HOURS TUESDAY – SATURDAY HOURS: 4pm - 9pm PICK AN ACTIVITY HOMES EVENTS DINING ACTIVITIES HOMES Life on High Star Ranch in Kamas, Utah is a little different. Yes, you can build your dream home—but instead of being packed in alongside a golf course, you’ll have 2.2 million acres of pristine Uinta wilderness right in your backyard. Enjoy the serenity of wide-open spaces and endless adventures outside your front door, in a unique mountain community that’s more country and less club. BECOME AN OWNER HOMES Life on High Star Ranch in Kamas, Utah is a little different. Yes, you can build your dream home—but instead of being packed in alongside a golf course, you’ll have 2.2 million acres of pristine Uinta wilderness right in your backyard. Enjoy the serenity of wide-open spaces and endless adventures outside your front door, in a unique mountain community that’s more country and less club. BECOME AN OWNER Welcome to High Star Ranch. High Star Ranch offers seven distinct residential neighborhoods currently under development, with exceptionally crafted homes thoughtfully designed by local architect Rick Brighton. It’s truly a living experience unlike any other. Contact us today to learn more about available properties and to get started planning your ideal mountain home. SCHEDULE A HOME TOUR Watch Video EVENTS DeJoria Center is much more than a venue for some of the best concerts in Utah — it’s a custom-configurable event center ideal for corporate events, retreats, weddings, and trade shows. Our partners at Rhodes Valley Outfitters offer guided adventures and group outings far beyond what you’ll find at your typical event venue — guaranteed to make any occasion a memorable one.Close to both Salt Lake City and Park City, DeJoria Center is your go-to venue for upcoming concerts in Utah and other events. Get in touch to learn more about how we can make your next occasion one to remember. VIEW ALL UPCOMING CONCERTS & EVENTS EVENTS DeJoria Center is much more than a venue for some of the best concerts in Utah — it’s a custom-configurable event center ideal for corporate events, retreats, weddings, and trade shows. Our partners at Rhodes Valley Outfitters offer guided adventures and group outings far beyond what you’ll find at your typical event venue — guaranteed to make any occasion a memorable one.Close to both Salt Lake City and Park City, DeJoria Center is your go-to venue for upcoming concerts in Utah and other events. Get in touch to learn more about how we can make your next occasion one to remember. VIEW ALL UPCOMING CONCERTS & EVENTS We are Made to be Experienced. Close to both Salt Lake City and Park City, DeJoria Center is your go-to venue for upcoming events in Utah. Weddings The ultimate venue for your dream mountain wedding. With incredible mountain views and world-class facilities. LEARN ABOUT WEDDINGS Corporate DeJoria Center is a custom-configurable event center ideal for corporate events, business events, retreats and parties. LEARN ABOUT CORPORATE Concerts State-of-the-art lighting, audio and video technology brings Utah concerts to life on High Star Ranch. LEARN ABOUT CONCERTS Watch Video DeJoria Center is a World-Class Event Center. DeJoria Center is just 16 miles outside Park City in Kamas, Utah. The DeJoria Center’s world-class facilities and scenic location in the Uinta foothills make it one of the best venues for concerts in Utah. State-of-the-art lighting and sound technology bring Utah concerts to life on our beautiful 1,100-acre High Star Ranch. BOOK YOUR NEXT EVENT VIEW ALL UPCOMING CONCERTS & EVENTS DINING The State Road Tavern is located on the upper floor of the DeJoria Center in Kamas, UT. Our picturesque setting is a great spot to grab a pint and a bite. Let our chef tantalize your taste buds, from crisp salads to pork shoulder nachos – there’s a dish for any pallet. Our tavern is also fully stocked with over 20 beers, an array of wines and craft cocktails. With six big screen TV’s, shuffle board, darts, live entertainment, and sweeping views – State Road Tavern has something for everyone over 21+. No reservations are needed to have a drink or dine with friends inside, or on our beautiful patio. VISIT THE TAVERN DINING The State Road Tavern is located on the upper floor of the DeJoria Center in Kamas, UT. Our picturesque setting is a great spot to grab a pint and a bite. Let our chef tantalize your taste buds, from crisp salads to pork shoulder nachos – there’s a dish for any pallet. Our tavern is also fully stocked with over 20 beers, an array of wines and craft cocktails. With six big screen TV’s, shuffle board, darts, live entertainment, and sweeping views – State Road Tavern has something for everyone over 21+. No reservations are needed to have a drink or dine with friends inside, or on our beautiful patio. VISIT THE TAVERN Your Favorite Dishes. Made Fresh Daily. State Road Tavern is located inside the DeJoria Center on High Star Ranch in Kamas, Utah serving a ranch-inspired menu with lighter fare, hearty dishes, and a little something in between – something for everyone. Our Tavern is rustic yet refined and back to our roots. LEARN MORE Stay For a Bite. Or Get It To Go. The Country Store & Café is the best place in Kamas, Utah to grab a delicious, made-to-order breakfast or lunch, a to-go snack of locally sourced treasures, hot coffee, or a cold drink. LEARN MORE Tavern Hours Tuesday Through Saturday 4pm to 9pm Country Store Hours Monday Through Saturday 7am to 8pm ACTIVITIES Thanks to 16 miles of professionally built single track trails, onsite equestrian facilities, and Rhodes Valley Outfitters just up the road, you’ll enjoy year-round adventures like hiking, biking, fishing, horseback riding, snowshoeing, and much more. At the nearby DeJoria Center, you can take in a concert or grab a drink and a bite to eat. And just minutes away from Park City, you’re always close to skiing, snowboarding, dining, shopping, and entertainment. VIEW ALL OUR ACTIVITIES ACTIVITIES Thanks to 16 miles of professionally built single track trails, onsite equestrian facilities, and Rhodes Valley Outfitters just up the road, you’ll enjoy year-round adventures like hiking, biking, fishing, horseback riding, snowshoeing, and much more. At the nearby DeJoria Center, you can take in a concert or grab a drink and a bite to eat. And just minutes away from Park City, you’re always close to skiing, snowboarding, dining, shopping, and entertainment. VIEW ALL OUR ACTIVITIES Let Us Take You on an Adventure. Located on High Star Ranch, Rhodes Valley Outfitters partners with the DeJoria Center to give guests one-of-a-kind adventure opportunities all year round. Here at the ranch, we want to provide a stress-free and unique adventure, and we strive to set and maintain that high standard for all of our clients. Whether you come to the ranch to enjoy a trail ride for an hour, the day, or to book a hunt, you will see some spectacular views and be surrounded by some of the most amazing country that nature has to offer.With nearly 20 miles of interconnected, professionally built biking trails, the High Star Ranch trail system is guaranteed to plaster a semi-permanent smile on the face of every level of rider. From total-beginner single track to meandering XC trails to DH-only routes with rock gardens and seemingly endless flowy berms, our trail system offers a huge variety of terrain—not to mention an escape from the Park City crowds. BOOK YOUR NEXT ADVENTURE Follow Us On Social Stay up to date on all our amazing activities. VIEW ALL OUR SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES 435.783.3515 218 Buck Rail Drive Contact Us Media High Star Ranch Real Estate About Us Neighborhoods Pool and Clubhouse Property Map Articles High Star Ranch Gallery High Star Ranch FAQ Design Center Real Estate About Us Neighborhoods Pool and Clubhouse Property Map Articles High Star Ranch Gallery High Star Ranch FAQ Design Center DeJoria Center Upcoming Concerts and Events Venue Specifications Corporate Events Wedding Venue Weddings FAQ Party Venue Virtual Tour DeJoria Center Gallery DeJoria Center FAQ Preferred Vendors Upcoming Concerts and Events Venue Specifications Corporate Events Wedding Venue Weddings FAQ Party Venue Virtual Tour DeJoria Center Gallery DeJoria Center FAQ Preferred Vendors Dining State Road Tavern Country Store & Cafe State Road Tavern Country Store & Cafe Activities Horseback Riding Horse Meditation Circle Mountain Biking Snowshoeing Horse Boarding Book An Adventure Rhodes Valley Outfitters Horseback Riding Horse Meditation Circle Mountain Biking Snowshoeing Horse Boarding Book An Adventure Rhodes Valley Outfitters Owners Owners Portal Owners Portal Opportunities Careers Careers Join Our Newsletter Subscribe FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA This material is based upon information that we consider reliable, but because it has been supplied by third parties, we cannot represent that it is accurate or complete, including price, or withdrawal without notice; square footage is an estimate only. ©MMXXII Sotheby’s International Realty Affiliates, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Sotheby’s International Realty® is a licensed trademark to Sotheby’s International Realty Affiliates, Inc. An Equal Opportunity Company. Each Office Is Independently Owned And Operated. Copyright© Summit Sotheby’s International Realty 2022. Copyright © 2024 High Star Ranch, All Rights Reserved PRIVACY POLICY