CPSC.gov Skip to main content United States Consumer Product Safety Commission Recalls Business Education News Releases Regulatory Robot Calendar Events Multimedia Menu Recalls Business Education News Releases Regulatory Robot Calendar Events Multimedia Safety Education Safety Education Resources Safety Education Materials Library Neighborhood Safety Network Community Outreach Center Recall App Business and Manufacturing Business and Manufacturing Resources Testing & Certification Regulatory Robot Recall Guidance Small Business Assistance Import Resources International Open Government CPSC Data Recall API Section 6(b) Information Disclosure Laws, Regulations, and Proceedings Regulations, Laws & Standards Statutes Voluntary Standards Legislative Affairs Notices of Violations Rulemaking Adjudicative Proceedings Research and Reports Research and Reports Overview Agency Reports Clearinghouse Online Query Tool NEISS Injury Statistics Join NEISS About Us About CPSC Chair Commissioners Consumer Ombudsman Office of Inspector General Office of EEO, Diversity, & Inclusion Office of Communications Office of the Secretary Freedom of Information Act Employment Information Consumer Opinion Surveys Division of Field Operations Archive Contact Us Search Search 1 of 3 Stay Safe, While Staying Warm This Winter; CPSC Warns Consumers to be Cautious When Using Generators, Furnaces and Space Heaters 2 of 3 Making New Products? Our Regulatory Robot Can Help! 3 of 3 Report. Search. Protect. With SaferProducts.gov, YOU have the power to keep your family safe! CPSC Home Page What We Do Recalls Safety Education Business & Manufacturing News Releases Research & Reports Regulatory Resources About CPSC Public Calendar Consumer Ombudsman Recalls Never Miss a Recall Choose Your Recall Emails The Home Appliances Recalls Camplux Brand Portable Tankless Water Heaters Due to Fire Hazard Children’s Pajamas Recalled Due to Burn Hazard and Violation of Federal Flammability Standards; Sold Exclusively by Liverpool Football Club Bombardier Recreational Products (BRP) Recalls Ski-Doo Snowmobiles Due to Risk of Serious Injury and Crash Hazard All Recalls News February 29, 2024 CPSC Warns Consumers to Immediately Stop Using Topfun Folding Step Stools Due to Fall and Injury Hazards; Sold Exclusively on Amazon.com February 26, 2024 Stay Safe, While Staying Warm This Winter; CPSC Warns Consumers to be Cautious When Using Generators, Furnaces and Space Heaters February 08, 2024 Ahead of Sunday’s Game, CPSC Reminds Families to Tackle the Deadly Hazard of TV and Furniture Tip-Overs All News Safety Education Carbon Monoxide Magnets Micromobility: E-Bikes, E-Scooters and Hoverboards Fireworks All Safety Education Business & Manufacturing Small businesses can determine which consumer product safety rules may apply to their product by using CPSC's new Regulatory Robot, an innovative and free resource for small businesses. Regulatory Robot Testing & Certification Small Business Education Business Owners – Report an Unsafe Product/Begin Fast Track Program Regulations, Laws & Standards View the Statutes View all CPSC Regulations Report an unsafe product Return to top U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission 4330 East-West Highway Bethesda, MD 20814 Contact Us: 800-638-2772 (TTY 800-638-8270) Toll-Free Consumer Hotline | Time: 8 a.m. - 5.30. p.m. ET Accessibility Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Privacy Policy Budget, Performances & Finance Information Quality Act Data FOIA Inspector General No Fear Act USA.gov Connect facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin En Español facebook Twitter Website Feedback CPSC.gov is an official website of the United States government. You are about to leave the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) public website. The link you selected is for a destination outside of the Federal Government. CPSC does not control this external site or its privacy policy and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information it contains. You may wish to review the privacy policy of the external site as its information collection practices may differ from ours. Linking to this external site does not constitute an endorsement of the site or the information it contains by CPSC or any of its employees. Click Ok if you wish to continue to the website; otherwise, click Cancel to return to our site. Ok Cancel