UNLV | University of Nevada, Las Vegas Skip to main content University of Nevada, Las Vegas Students Faculty/Staff Alumni Donors Parents and Family Audiences Students Faculty/Staff Alumni Donors Parents and Family Topics About Academics Admissions Athletics Campus Life Research Menu University of Nevada, Las Vegas About Academics Admissions Athletics Campus Life Research Find close find region Find Search A-Z Index Directories Quick Links Bookstore Bookstore Calendar Calendar Campus Maps Campus Maps Degrees Degrees Libraries Libraries MyUNLV MyUNLV News Center News Center RebelCard RebelCard Rebelmail Rebelmail Social Media Social Media UNLV Mail UNLV Mail WebCampus WebCampus Loading Directories Home A-Z Index Colleges, Schools, and Departments Administrative Units Research Centers and Institutes Resources and Services Employee Directory Contact UNLV Social Media Directory UNLV Mobile Apps We Are UNLV Taking care of yourself and each other is key to having a successful college experience. Our goal is to help you be well in both mind and body. UNLV offers programs and services to help you get fit, have fun, relieve stress, and focus on your mental health. Wellness UNLV Strong From the President "I hope you’ll join me for my annual State of the University on March 5 at 2:30 p.m. There is much to discuss as we reflect on the year, recognize our outstanding community and make plans for the future of UNLV." State of the University Innovative Academics With 76 majors and 82 minors, UNLV does more than offer options — we provide opportunities. Plus, if your professional ambitions require you to obtain multiple degrees, UNLV also has more than 175 graduate degree and certificate programs and our own law, medicine, and dental medicine schools. We are proud that our academics draw upon the influences of our community, and offer an education like nowhere else. Search DegreesSearch All degree programs Admission Resources Visit Campus Visit Campus Apply Now Apply Now Request Info Request Info Costs & Aid Costs & Aid Rebels Make it Happen Here’s the first thing to know about Rebels: You can’t define us. There is no “average” Rebel. One third of our students are the first in their families to go to college. Tagalog is one of the most-spoken second languages among our students. Military Times lists us as one of its Best for Vets. All that ripples throughout our campus. It creates a climate where you can both find your people and expand your worldview. Meet Rebels Who Make it Happen Citlally Lopez Quote "As a first-generation college student, it was really hard to know where to begin. Luckily, the UNLV Outreach program for prospective students really cemented the fact that UNLV was the best choice for me. The diversity and resources at UNLV makes students from different cultures feel welcome." Citlally Lopez - Major: Biology; Hometown: Las Vegas, NV Guia Para La Familia Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion A Worldwide Destination Dripping in the golden desert sun and spread across 350 acres in the heart of Las Vegas, UNLV provides nowhere-else opportunities in this 24-hour metropolis. And while Las Vegas might be the center of it all, it doesn’t take long to slip the bonds of this little oasis and get out into the desert, as we are just minutes from natural getaways and less than a day’s drive from the entire American Southwest. Our Campus Las Vegas Ready to be a Rebel? Visit Campus Apply Now Request Info Employment Community Wellness Top Tier 2.0 Campus Notifications University Statements and Compliance Web Privacy Statement Web Accessibility Website Feedback University of Nevada, Las Vegas 4505 S. Maryland Pkwy. Las Vegas, NV 89154 Phone: 702-895-3011 Campus Maps Parking Information © 2023 UNLVProduced by UNLV Web & Digital Strategy Social Media at UNLV