Favicon Generator for perfect icons on all browsers Toggle navigation Favicon Favicon generator SVG Favicon Favicon checker Favicon generator for Gulp Favicon generator for Grunt Favicon generator for Ruby on Rails Favicon generator for Node.js CLI Favicon generator for ASP.NET Core Favicon generator for Google Web Starter Kit Social Social generator Social checker API API introduction Favicon generation interactive API Favicon generation non-interactive API Download the favicon of a website Favicon analysis Web components Contribute Report an issue Compatibility test Donate Misc FAQ Change log Compatibility Extensions Blog Contact us Newsletter Terms of service Privacy policy Cookies Favicon Generator. For real. All browsers All platforms Your favorite technologies Select your Favicon image Submit an image (PNG, JPG, SVG...), at least 70x70. Your image should be 260x260 or more for optimal results. Demo with a random image Create a SVG favicon 0% completed Favicon for Desktop Browsers and Google Result Pages The classic favicon is used by desktop browsers and other platforms. For example, search engines such as Google and Yandex are showing this icon in their search results. Desktop browsers Default theme Dark theme / Incognito Google result pages Desktop Mobile The favicon for desktop browsers is often the web site logo itself. However, a lack of contrast with the tabs or Google result pages can disrupts the appearance of the icon. Adding a solid background can make your favicon more resilient. Use the original image as is. Add margins and a plain background. Background color Background radius Image size Favicon for iOS - Web Clip iPhone and iPad users can pin your web site on their home screen. The link looks like a native app. Settings Assets Dedicated picture Your favicon is transparent. This is usually a good thing, but not for iOS Web Clips which are supposed to be opaque. Look at the sample on the left, this is how a user would see your favicon as a Web Clip on his device. What to do about this? Your favicon is not transparent. This is a good thing for iOS Web Clips. Yet, web clip corners are rounded. Depending of your favicon, it may disrupt its design. For example, if your favicon features a square border, it will be cut at the corners. Look at the sample on the left and check how your favicon will be rendered on iOS. What do you want to do? Use the original favicon as is. iOS will fill the transparent regions with black. Add a solid, plain background to fill the transparent regions. Add margins and a plain background. Background color Tip: You can pick a color directly from the preview. Margin size (for a 57x57 icon) We always create a single, high resolution, one-size-fits-all icon. Everything else is optional. iOS 7 and Later Create all icons for iOS 7 and later iOS 6 and Prior Create all icons for iOS 6 and prior Miscellaneous In the HTML, declare only the icon with the highest resolution Generate the corresponding precomposed icons If your master picture does not fit iOS well, you can submit a picture designed especially for iOS. Pick picture for iOS Master picture Dedicated picture Favicon for Android Chrome Add to Homescreen is a also a feature of Android Chrome. Your visitors can mix their natives apps and web bookmarks. My app Chrome My app Home Switcher Splash Main settings Options Assets Dedicated picture Android is flexible regarding icon design. However, it automatically rounds icons which can be bad news if your icon needs square corners. Also, make sure your favicon will always be prominent, whatever the background. Use the options below to find the best fit. No change, keep the master picture as it is. Add a solid, plain background to fill the transparent regions. Add margins and a plain background. Background color Tip: You can pick a color directly from the preview. Margin size (for a 96x96 icon) Apply a slight drop shadow, similar to official Google apps (Gmail, Play Store, YouTube...). App name Theme color Starting with Android Lollipop, you can customize the color of the task bar in the switcher. Android Chrome M39 introduces a manifest that helps you refine the behavior of the Add to Homescreen link. Browser. In this mode, when the user clicks the link, Android Chrome behaves as if the page was opened like any regular web site. Standalone. In this mode, Android Chrome gives a little more "native" style to the opened page. In particular, it lets you enforce the start URL and screen orientation. It also remove the navigation bar and gives your web site its own tab in the task switcher. Start URL Typically, your homepage. Use this field to override the URL of the bookmarked page. Orientation Not specified. Android Chrome will behave as it usually does when the user rotates his/her device. Force screen orientation to Portrait. Force screen orientation to Landscape. Modern versions Android Chrome 39 and later Create only recommended, high resolution icons Create all documented icons Legacy versions Android Chrome 38 and prior Declare the icon in the HTML code If you don't, Chrome uses the Apple Touch icon If your master picture does not fit Android well, you can submit a picture designed especially for Android. Pick picture for Android Chrome Master picture Dedicated picture Windows Metro Windows 8 and 10 users can pin your web site on their desktop. Your site appears as a tile, just like a native Windows app. Settings Assets Dedicated picture Transparent pictures make better tiles. Look at the sample on the left and check that your tile looks good. You can also choose the background of the tile. Use this color (preferably, choose one suggested for the Windows Metro UI): Teal Dark Blue Light Purple Dark Purple Dark Red Dark Orange Yellow Green Blue Use the original favicon as is. Use a white silhouette version of the favicon. Works well with pictures with significant transparent regions. Windows 8.0 / IE 10 Medium, square icon, declared with two HTML markups Windows 8.1 and 10 / IE 11 and Edge These icons are declared in a dedicated browserconfig.xml file, generated along with the icons. Small, square icon Medium, square icon Big, square icon Rectangular icon If your master picture does not fit Windows well, you can submit a picture designed especially for Windows. Pick picture for Windows Master picture Dedicated picture macOS Safari Safari implements pinned tabs and takes advantage of the MacBook Touch Bar. This feature relies on an SVG icon. This icon must be monochrome and Safari does the rest. Pinned tab - No focus Pinned tab - Focus Touch Bar Settings Dedicated picture Use a silhouette of the original image. Works well with pictures with significant transparent regions. Turn your picture into a monochrome icon. Play with the threshold to get the best result. No icon. Safari uses the first letter of your domain name to create a default icon. You should use this option if your site absolutely needs to be W3C compliant. Theme color If your master picture does not fit well, you can submit a picture designed especially for Safari. Pick picture for Safari pinned tab Master picture Dedicated picture Favicon Generator Options Path Version/Refresh Compression Scaling algorithm App name Additional files I will place favicon files (favicon.ico, apple-touch-icon.png, etc.) at the root of my web site. Recommended. I cannot or I do not want to place favicon files at the root of my web site. Instead I will place them here: When a browser loads a favicon for the first time, it tends to cache it and to never load it again. When your web site is not new and you want to update your favicon, that can be a problem: your loyal visitors won't notice the change. A workaround is to append a version to the favicon URLs as a query parameter. This is a new web site, nobody visited it yet. So there is no "old" favicon and no caching issue. The web site is already in production and many people already visited it. I want returning visitors to see my new favicon, not the old one. http://example.com/favicon.ico? = Compress the favicon pictures and reduce their size by 50%-80%. Learn more Oops! Something went wrong with the compression. Sorry for this :-/ Would you be so kind to report an issue? Please attach your master picture. Expected compression rate: % We let you choose the scaling algorithm which provides the best result for your picture. Please wait a few seconds while we prepare the previews. 16x16 picture 16x16 picture, 8x zoom When adding a link to the home screen, the user can choose a caption. By default, this is the bookmarked page title, which is usually fine. However, iOS and Windows 8 let you override this default value. No app name, let the browser offer the page title by default. Specific app name, override the page title. Generate README.md, which summarizes the package install instructions. Use this option to make the favicon package self-sufficient. Generate html_code.html, which contains the icons HTML markups. This file can be inlined as is in HTML documents. Generate your Favicons and HTML code × Your favicon is not correct Close Your master picture Cancel and submit another picture Continue with this picture × Missing pictures You have chosen to use a specific picture fot the iOS Web clip, but you haven't uploaded any picture. Please upload a picture or choose another option. You have chosen to use a specific picture fot the Windows 8 tile, but you haven't uploaded any picture. Please upload a picture or choose another option. Close × Missing path You have chosen to not place your files in the root of your web site. Please specify a path. Close Why put the favicon pictures in the root directory When generating a favicon with RealFaviconGenerator, the instructions ask you to place all files at the root of your web site. You may want to place them in a sub-directory, for example in http://mywebsite.com/icons/, just to make things clearer. However, there are three drawbacks with this approach: Internet Explorer looks for favicon.ico at the root of the web site. Granted: this is because we ask you to not declare favicon.ico. iOS devices look for files such as apple-touch-icon-144x144.png at the root of the web site, as described by Apple. This issue can be mitigated by declaring the icons in the HTML code (this is necessary for Android anyway), but following Apple conventions is probably the best move. By default, Internet Explorer 11 looks for browserconfig.xml at the root of the web site. Several services, such as Yandex, look for favicon.ico in the root directory. Ok Favicon compression RealFaviconGenerator can compress the generated pictures. You usually get a 50%-80% compression rate. Not bad! The compression works well on all tested platforms. Even better! The compression is lossy, meaning you might notice differences between the original and compressed pictures. Yet the differences are (supposed to be) minimal: Uncompressed picture (36KB) Compressed picture (14KB) You can see slight differences in the gradient part: No zoom 4x zoom When you download the compressed pictures, make sure they match your standards. Ok Check your favicon Check your existing favicon with our online tool and see what can be improved. http:// https:// Check Favicon Protocol http:// https:// Site Check Favicon Why RealFaviconGenerator No hard decision With so many platforms and icons, it's hard to know exactly what you should do. What are the dimensions of favicon.ico? How many Touch icons do I need? RealFaviconGenerator did the reseach and testing for you. Done in 5 minutes You spent hours on design, colors, graphics... How much time left for the favicon? Probably not much. But no worries, you only need a few minutes to tackle this task. Compelling design, a platform at a time Each platform comes with its own design requirements. You can't just use the same picture everywhere. RealFaviconGenerator knows this and lets you craft your icons platform per platform. Instant feedback How will Android display my icon? How will iOS round my Touch icon? No more guesswork. RealFaviconGenerator instantly shows you how your icons will look like. Favicon Generator Favicon Checker Favicon for Gulp Favicon for Grunt Favicon for Ruby on Rails Favicon for Node.js CLI Favicon for ASP.NET Core Favicon for Google Web Starter Kit FAQ Blog Report bug Change Log Compatibility Extensions API Compatibility Test Contact us Donate Newsletter Terms of service Privacy policy Cookies RealFaviconGenerator.net © 2013-2024