Encyclopedia Britannica | Britannica Explore Search Britannica Click here to search Search Britannica Click here to search Login Subscribe Subscribe Games & Quizzes History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Money Videos On This Day One Good Fact Dictionary New Articles History & Society Lifestyles & Social Issues Philosophy & Religion Politics, Law & Government World History Science & Tech Health & Medicine Science Technology Biographies Browse Biographies Animals & Nature Birds, Reptiles & Other Vertebrates Bugs, Mollusks & Other Invertebrates Environment Fossils & Geologic Time Mammals Plants Geography & Travel Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Entertainment & Pop Culture Literature Sports & Recreation Visual Arts Companions Demystified Image Galleries Infographics Lists Podcasts Spotlights Summaries The Forum Top Questions #WTFact 100 Women Britannica Kids Saving Earth Space Next 50 Student Center Search Britannica Click here to search Games & Quizzes History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Money Videos March 5, 2024 Second to None Caitlin Clark cemented her place among basketball’s pantheon on Sunday when she became the NCAA’s all-time scoring leader, surpassing Pete Maravich’s 3,667 points, a record that stood for more than 50 years. Coming as it did during Women’s History Month, Clark’s feat also serves as a reminder that female athletes deserve every bit as much of the spotlight enjoyed by their male counterparts. Learn more about Clark and others who achieved GOAT status in their sports, including the following. Caitlin Clark: History in the Making © Matthew Holst/Getty Images How Simone Biles Became a Gymnastics Legend Dmitri Lovetsky/AP Images Babe Didrikson Zaharias: Was There a Sport She Couldn’t Dominate? AP Discover More Marta: The Greatest Female Soccer Player of All Time Serena Williams: More Grand Slam Titles Than Any Other Woman (or Man) Behind the Headlines The U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Monday that former Pres. Donald Trump can stay on presidential primary ballots, quashing disqualification efforts in Colorado, Maine, and Illinois. Here’s more on the 2024 election, as well as a few other big stories. Super Tuesday Today, voters in 17 states will head to the polls to choose a Republican presidential candidate. But this year’s “Super Tuesday” is largely devoid of suspense. While former Gov. Nikki Haley notched her first victory in winning the Washington, D.C., primary on Sunday—marking the first time a Republican woman candidate has won a presidential primary—it’s all but certain that Trump will be the party’s nominee in a November rematch with Pres. Joe Biden. Haiti jails Thousands of inmates were freed over the weekend as violent gangs stormed two prisons in Haiti, forcing the government to declare a 72-hour state of emergency and impose a nighttime curfew. The rebel gangs have control of about 80% of Haiti’s capital, Port-au-Prince, as the government asks for help from the UN, as well as other Caribbean nations, to combat its internal strife. Abortion rights enshrined in France On Monday the French government codified a woman’s right to choose when its parliament voted 780-72 to enshrine the “...freedom of women to have recourse to an abortion, which is guaranteed” in its constitution. The legislation was promised by Pres. Emmanuel Macron in the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court’s erosion of reproductive rights when it overturned Roe. v. Wade in May 2021. Clash of tech titans Elon Musk filed a lawsuit against OpenAI and CEO Sam Altman, alleging that the organization has broken its foundational agreement to be an open-source nonprofit that uses artificial intelligence to benefit humanity. Musk, who co-founded OpenAI, contends that the organization is instead being used to enrich Microsoft’s bottom line. Meanwhile, Apple was fined nearly $2 billion by EU regulators on Monday, for antitrust practices in the music-streaming industry. Popular on Britannica Articles Napoleon I Rihanna Mukesh Ambani Greg Abbott Pangea kelvin Dhirubhai Ambani Anil Ambani Dune Palestine Show More Show Less Features How Did Helen Keller Fly a Plane? Leap Day, February 29 Ten Days That Vanished: The Switch to the Gregorian Calendar Where Do Anti-Semitic Conspiracy Theories About the Rothschild Family Come From? Why Are There Only 28 Days in February? Did Marie-Antoinette Really Say “Let Them Eat Cake”? What Is the “Ides” of March? Were the Nazis Socialists? How Many Electoral College Votes Does Each U.S. State Have? Was Napoleon Short? Show More Show Less Lists The 10 Greatest Basketball Players of All Time 9 Things You Might Not Know About Adolf Hitler 7 of History's Most Notorious Serial Killers 8 Animals That Suck (Blood) 7 Surprising Uses for Mummies 9 of the World’s Deadliest Snakes 10 of the World’s Most Dangerous Fish The Top COVID-19 Vaccine Myths Spreading Online America’s 5 Most Notorious Cold Cases (Including One You May Have Thought Was Already Solved) 9 of the World’s Deadliest Spiders Show More Show Less Investing Retirement Household Finance 5 scams that target seniors and how to avoid them Your household balance sheet: Keeping track of what you own and what you owe On-balance volume: Joseph Granville’s pioneering indicator in technical analysis Video streaming services: Who’s who and what’s next? New on Britannica Becoming Bob Dylan Follow Dylan’s rise as he breaks out of Greenwich Village, shocks the world by going electric, and withdraws to Woodstock. American alligator These crocodilians, found in the Southern U.S. and northeastern Mexico, can grow up to 3,000 teeth over their lifetime. Trinity College Dublin Founded in 1592, it features Ireland’s largest library, which contains many medieval manuscripts, including the Book of Kells. Female directors bingo Explore the stories of Hollywood’s top female directors one square at a time in this interactive piece of pre-Academy Awards bingo. Know Better with Britannica Premium Step back from the day-to-day and get a global perspective with the annual Britannica Premium Membership. News in context, brain teasers and quizzes, plus editor’s roundups on trending topics. Learn More Trending Quizzes See All Quizzes Where in America is That? Crisscross the U.S. by placing these famous landmarks. From Athena to Zeus: Basics of Greek Mythology Do you know which hero took a dip in the River Styx? Or what mysteries lurk inside the Labyrinth? Ultimate Animals Quiz What is a rattlesnake’s rattle made of? What animals can go over 180 miles an hour? Guess the Language! Quiz Can you recognize a language by its greeting? Best Picture Movie Quote Quiz Take this quiz or you may regret it. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life. American Civil Rights Movement Quiz Test your knowledge of Americans’ tumultuous fight to end racial segregation and discrimination. Name That Thing: Tools A handy quiz to test your tool acumen. The Dog Breed Quiz Find out which breed can outrun a cheetah, which breed was created by monks, and much more. Baking and Baked Goods Quiz You may have a sweet tooth, but how much do you know about baking and baked goods? Test your knowledge with this quiz. First Ladies of the United States Quiz They have been hostesses, helpers, advisers, gatekeepers, guardians, confidantes, and sometimes formidable powers behind... Featured Videos See All Videos Who were the first women to serve in the U.S. Senate? Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. Who were the first women to serve in the U.S. Senate? Five absurd reasons women were denied the vote Meet key women writers of the Harlem Renaissance Mary Wollstonecraft's A Vindication of the Rights of Woman explained Britannica Premium Subscription Unlock Exclusive Content! Britannica's content is among the most trusted in the world. Every article is written, and continually fact-checked, by our experts. Subscribe to Britannica Premium and unlock our entire database of trusted content today. Subscribe Now! Explore Britannica History & Society What Did Cleopatra Look Like? 7 of the World’s Deadliest Shipwrecks Science & Tech Why Does AI Art Screw Up Hands and Fingers? Rise of the Machines: Pros and Cons of the Industrial Revolution Biographies Aleksey Navalny Ida B. Wells-Barnett Animals & Nature 10 of the World’s Most Dangerous Fish The Care and Keeping of Cats: A Guide Geography & Travel 8 Hotly Disputed Borders of the World How Do Deserts Form? Arts & Culture Underground Voices: 9 American Countercultural Books Spirited Away: Liquors from Around the World More From Britannica ProCon.org Award-winning ProCon.org promotes critical thinking, education, and informed citizenship by presenting the pro and con arguments to controversial issues in a straightforward, nonpartisan, freely accessible way. Britannica Money Discover all you need to know about retirement, investing, and household finance, without the jargon or agenda. Get reliable guidance, insight, and easy-to-understand explanations, written, edited, and verified to Britannica’s exacting standards. Advocacy for Animals Presenting Advocacy for Animals, a blog focused primarily on animal rights, wildlife conservation, environmental health and safety, and the legal and cultural issues related to these topics. This blog is a source of information and a call to action. It is meant to be a provocation and a stimulus to thought regarding humanity’s relationship with nonhuman animals. Alain Elkann Interviews Alain has been writing a weekly interview column for the Italian newspaper La Stampa since 1989. His interviews celebrate some of the best known and successful personalities of the present day. History at your fingertips – Sign up here to see what happened On This Day, every day in your inbox! Enter your email Subscribe By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica. Click here to view our Privacy Notice. Easy unsubscribe links are provided in every email. Thank you for subscribing! Be on the lookout for your Britannica newsletter to get trusted stories delivered right to your inbox. Our Sites Britannica Kids Merriam-Webster School & Library Melingo Britannica Books Escola Britannica English-Arabic Nglish Sp-En Translation ProCon Britannica Merch Mobile iPhone App iPad App International Australia Brazil China Japan Latin America United Kingdom Content & Editorial Encyclopaedia Britannica's Syndication API International Publishing Site Map New Articles Stay Connected Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram About Us & Legal Info Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Diversity ©2024 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.