Smart Video Editing by Solveig Multimedia - Video Editing, Screen Capturing, Video Debugging Solveig Multimedia About Company Overview Partners and customers Contact Us Twitter Facebook Imprint Affiliates For press Products Frame accuracy K-frame accuracy Video trimming Screencasting Video analyzing & debugging Products Video Splitter Lossless editing of compressed video streams. Free trial Buy HyperCam Best-in-class screencasting software. Grab and edit! Free trial Buy Video Editor Advanced video editor with transitions, text and images overlay and smart rendering. Buy WMP Trimmer Plugin Turn your Windows Media Player into a video editor! Free trial Buy Video Splitter MAC Edit video on you Mac with original quality. Buy Products Free Online Video Editor Edit your videos online FreeOnlineVideoEditor Zond 265 - HEVC Analyzer In-depth analysis of HEVC/H.265 and AVC/H.264 video bit streams. Free trial Buy HTML5 Cloud Video Editor Professional HTML5 Video Editor with transitions, text overlay, voice-over and smart rendering Read more Free AVI Trimmer+ Cut and join AVI videos at ease. Download free Development Video Editing SDK Develop your own video/audio editing software. Download free HyperCam SDK Developing applications for screen/sound data capturing. Download free Media Utilities Open source AVI Demultiplexer, DirectShow Filter, and more. Download free Sync Checker SDK Audio/video sync checker SDK Read more Mobile TriMP4 for Android Edit your phone videos in one click. Download free Support Product Upgrades How To Documentation Forum Video Editing Glossary FAQ Blog Eng Eng Rus Deu Ital Esp Port Jap Chin Search Solveig Multimedia About Company Overview Partners and customers Contact Us Twitter Facebook Imprint Affiliates For press Products Products Video Splitter Lossless editing of compressed video streams. Free trial Buy HyperCam Best-in-class screencasting software. Grab and edit! Free trial Buy Video Editor Advanced video editor with transitions, text and images overlay and smart rendering. Buy WMP Trimmer Plugin Turn your Windows Media Player into a video editor! Free trial Buy Video Splitter MAC Edit video on you Mac with original quality. Buy Products Free Online Video Editor Edit your videos online FreeOnlineVideoEditor Zond 265 - HEVC Analyzer In-depth analysis of HEVC/H.265 and AVC/H.264 video bit streams. Free trial Buy HTML5 Cloud Video Editor Professional HTML5 Video Editor with transitions, text overlay, voice-over and smart rendering Read more Free AVI Trimmer+ Cut and join AVI videos at ease. Download free Development Video Editing SDK Develop your own video/audio editing software. Download free HyperCam SDK Developing applications for screen/sound data capturing. Download free Media Utilities Open source AVI Demultiplexer, DirectShow Filter, and more. Download free Sync Checker SDK Audio/video sync checker SDK Read more Mobile TriMP4 for Android Edit your phone videos in one click. Download free Support Product Upgrades How To Documentation Forum Video Editing Glossary FAQ Blog Eng Rus Deu Ital Esp Port Jap Chin Lightweight software for smart and lossless video editing, screen capturing, and video debugging For home users, video engineers, enterprises, and OEM partners. for users for developers 14years 5 677 342Installations 120countries ZOND 265 - HEVC ANALYZER «...Again, if you're deep into HEVC codec development, or really into learning about how HEVC works, it's an essential tool...» Ozer, Jan. Video Encoding by the Numbers: Eliminate the Guesswork from your Streaming Video. Publisher: Doceo Publishing, 2016. Print HYPERCAM «Ideally, if you are creating a multimedia presentation or if you want to save a video from the Internet to your hard drive that can not be recorded otherwise». CHIP Michael Humpa | CHIP Software-Redaktion FREE AVI TRIMMER «AVI Trimmer + MKV cuts videos in AVI and Matroska container frame accurate - without re-rendering» PC Praxis | 11/2011 | Timo Schmidt VIDEO SPLITTER «...SolveigMM Video Splitter is a promising app that's worth watching...». PCWorld | 2010 | Steve Horton WMP TRIMMER PLUGIN SolveigMMs WMP Trimmer enhances the Media Player with easy to use trim functions PC Praxis | 09/2008 | Germany HYPERCAM «For tutorials, commercials or presentations HyperCam records all actions within a program's windows as video clip, including keyboard entries, mouse movements and clicks...» c't VIDEO SPLITTER «Video Splitter is a well-designed tool for easily editing your audio and video files. Full version costs around Euro 40...» CHIP Michael Humpa | CHIP Software-Redaktion AVI TRIMMER «...AVI Trimmer is different: Mark the parts of the video you want to delete, make a few mouse clicks, wait a few seconds and the program will produce a new movie with the parts you want. And the result will have the same quality as your original clip» Computer Bild 2/2009 HYPERCAM «HyperCam is a reliable tool to record screen activities. The clips are perfectly suited for presentations, tutorials or short demos...» Tecchannel | 12/07/2012 | Von Thomas Rieske Our products HC HyperCam Best-in-class screencasting software, capture anything that happens on your screen — with high quality and great performance Grab my screen actions VS Video splitter Remove unwanted fragments in pre-compressed HEVC/H265, AVC/H264, MP4, MOV, AVCHD, MPEG-2, MKV, MPEG-1, AVI, WMV, FLV, MP3, and WMA! With no quality loss, and at a fast pace! Read full review at Fixthephoto.com Edit my video TP wmp trimmer plugin Enhance your Windows Media Player (WMP) functionality and edit a bunch of popular file formats. Original quality and lip-sync included! Turn my WMP into a video editor Z 265 Zond 265 - HEVC Analyzer Perform and in-depth analysis of HEVC/H.265 and AVC/H.264 video bit streams. A must-have tool for developers of HEVC decoding/encoding/transcoding hardware and software. Visualize my video data AT Free avi trimmer + Edit clips for YouTube and remove commercials with GOP quality. Lightweight, smart and easy-to-use software that supports a bunch of video formats! Start trimming your videos TA Trimp4 for android Tweak videos right from your smartphone! K-Frame editing of MP4 with original quality. Cut off unwanted parts with a couple clicks, or taps. Edit clips on your smartphone VE online Free Online Video Editor Start editing your videos online with the advanced free video editor Edit videos online VE html5 HTML5 Video Editor Video editor capable of the advanced editing features, like adding transitions, pictures, text and voice-over is a perfect choice to base your MAM or LMS systems on. Read more VS MAC Video splitter mac Lossless editing of compressed video streams on MacOS! Remove unneeded fragments from MP4 (AVC video and AAC audio) and keep the authentic quality. Edit my video now Show more products For developers VEsdk Video Editing SDK Make your own video/audio editing software with SolveigMM Video Editing SDK! Operations included? Trimming and cutting out fragments with Frame or K-Frame accuracy, multiplexing and demultiplexing video and audio streams, lossless media file merging, and more! Develop your video editor HCsdk HyperCam SDK Start developing applications for screen / sound data capture on Windows-based computers. DLLs, Drivers and DirectShow filters, Visual C++, sample applications, developer reference documentation and API included! Create screencast software MU Media Utilities Perform video editing operations with a set of small and useful tools. Download and develop Our customers Latest News 21 December 2023 News Wishing you a season of peace and happiness, we are delighted to announce our newest Christmas promotion with unbeatable savings! Get 40% OFF on your favorite products: Video Splitter - lossless video editor, HyperCam - screen capturing tool, WMP Trimmer Plugin - allows to edit your files right in Windows Media Player, Video Editor - new feature-rich editor, TriMP4 - video editor for Android, Zond 265 - professional video analyzer product, and save big this season. This offer is valid for a limited time only, till January 21, 2024 and it is applied to 1-year and 1-month subscriptions of products. We wish you a festive season filled with happiness, love, and prosperity. May this Christmas bring abundant joy, and may the New Year bring peace, health, and success in every venture. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you and your loved ones! 23 November 2023 News We are thrilled to announce an incredible promotion for Black Friday! From 23th to 27th November only, you have a unique opportunity to purchase the best video editing and screen recording software at a 50% discount! The discount is applied to Video Splitter, HyperCam, WMP Trimmer Plugin, Video Editor, Zond 265 and TriMP4. Imagine making your videos even better with our software! Using Video Splitter or WMP Trimmer Plugin you’ll be able to edit your videos with frame accuracy and without re-encoding and share them with the world! And with the screen recording tool HyperCam, you can capture and save the most important moments of your life, study, or work. We also introduce our new Video Editor - the feature-rich editor for performing the most complex tasks while working with videos. This is a powerful desktop video editing tool supporting transitions, text and images overlay and smart rendering. If you prefer editing on your mobile phone, try our TriMP4 for Android. Save the most important from your MP4 videos with TriMP4 directly on your phone and share it with friends! You may also be interested in our super offer on Zond 265, a professional video analyzer for H.265, H.264, AV1, MPEG-2, EVC video bitstreams. Don’t miss this chance! Hurry up, while the sale is on! 06 October 2023 News We hasten to share great news with you! Our Free Online Video Editor now has a new revamped website that allows users to enjoy all the advantages of its incredible features at no cost.Cut out unnecessary segments, join several video or audio files together, add a new audio track to your video, enrich it with transitions, place your text and pictures - the end result is limited only by your imagination. What is especially important is that you do not need to install additional software, since the editor works online and supports all modern computer browsers. Having a simple and intuitive interface, it is suitable for both professionals and beginners. Currently supported formats are: MP4, MOV, MP3, M4A, MXF XDCAM and MXF XAVC. Edit your videos easily and with pleasure! 16 August 2023 News Solveig Multimedia is glad to announce the participation in IBC 2023, at Booth 7.D04 jointly with Media Alliance.Come to Amsterdam RAI, the Netherlands, on September 15-18 to learn more about our products, including the HTML5 Cloud Video Editor - the online video editor that you can embed in your Learning Management System (LMS) and Media Asset Management System (MAM).With HTML5 Cloud Video Editor, it is possible to create videos with your own audio content as well as voice-overs, transitions, text and picture overlays using smart rendering technology.You can also find more about SolveigMM Video Editing SDK - smart video rendering engine for desktop and cloud apps with the support of MXF, HEVC, AVC and other formats and codecs. The SDK is a software development kit for Windows and Linux to enable programmers to develop applications for advanced digital video/audio data editing of various formats using Solveig Multimedia components. The best demonstration of the SDK features would be our editing products, built entirely on the SDK.Welcome to meet us! Read all news SolveigMM in Facebook Tweets by SolveigMM Subscribe for our newsletter Receive information about new version, special offers and sales. Promise to be nice ;) Subscribe Subscribe for our newsletter Thanks for Subscribing! Subscribe for our newsletter Something went wrong Trustpilot Products Video Splitter HyperCam Video Editor WMP Trimmer Plugin Video Splitter MAC Products HTML5 Cloud Video Editor Free Online Vide Editor Zond 265 - HEVC Analyzer Free AVI Trimmer+ Development Video Editing SDK HyperCam SDK Mobile TriMP4 for Android Blog Company Overview Contact Us Support © 2004-2024 Solveig Multimedia Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use Connect us