Association of Certified Fraud Examiners Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Together, Reducing Fraud Worldwide About the ACFE Contact Us Cart Sign In Sign In This page requires JavaScript Open Search form Search Search MENU Membership Back to Menu Join Now Become a member of the ACFE. Renew Membership Don't lose your member benefits: Renew today. About Membership Explore Membership Membership Types & Benefits Membership FAQs Who Joins the ACFE? For New Members For New CFEs Group Membership & Partnerships Corporate Alliance Law Enforcement & Government Higher Education CFE Credential Back to Menu CFE Credential Exam Candidate Handbook Complete guide to earning your CFE credential. How to Earn Your CFE Credential Learn more about the steps to become certified. About the CFE Credential Become a CFE CFE Benefits Eligibility Requirements Continuing Professional Education (CPE) Meet the CFEs Certification FAQs Recertification CFE Exam About the CFE Exam Technical Requirements CFE Exam FAQs Fraud Resources Library Back to Menu ACFE Insights Blog Find news and analysis on the fight against fraud. Fraud Magazine Read the ACFE's bimonthly publication. Case Studies Dive deep into the latest schemes through the following case studies. Fraud Resources Library Popular Resources Occupational Fraud 2022: A Report to the Nations The Fraud Risk Management Guide Find a CFE Fraud Talk Podcast Compensation Guide Free Training and Resources Featured Topics Fraud 101 Examination Investigation Prevention and Deterrence Reports & Statistics Community Back to Menu ACFE Community Connect with the world's largest network of anti-fraud professionals. Membership Directory Find and reach out to other members of the ACFE. ACFE Foundation Discover the ACFE's nonprofit that supports students pursuing fraud examination careers and delivers the latest anti-fraud research. Community Connect About ACFE Chapters Volunteering Advisory Council Get Published Find a CFE Get Involved Speak at an ACFE Event Networking Opportunities ACFE Mentoring Program Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Be Recognized Awards & Recognition New CFEs Training, Events and Products Back to Menu Prepare for the CFE Exam Decide which study option is best for you. Earn CPE Practical information to help you fight fraud. All Training, Events & Products Attend an Event Events Calendar Conferences Virtual Events and Webinars In-Person Events Study on Your Own All Self-Study CPE CFE Exam Preparation Online Courses More Group Training Certificate Programs Books & Manuals ACFE Merchandise All Products Career Back to Menu ACFE Mentoring Program Connect with an ACFE member and elevate your career. Job Board Visit the job board to discover current opportunities. Career Guidance & Resources Explore Career Resources Career Paths Ask the Experts Member Profiles Your Career Journey Just Starting Out Newly Self-Employed Making a Career Change Take Me to the Next Level Leave a Legacy Sign In About the ACFE Contact Us About the ACFE The Association of Certified Fraud Examiners (ACFE) is the world’s largest anti-fraud organization delivering best-in-class training, offering the CFE credential and fostering a dynamic, global community of anti-fraud professionals. Learn About the ACFE Who We Are Pause/Play 35th Annual ACFE Global Fraud Conference Join us in Las Vegas or virtually, June 23–28, 2024. Register before March 19 and save $200! Register Today Learn More Pause/Play 2024 ACFE Fraud Conference Europe Registration ends soon! Join us in London or virtually, 13–15 March. Register Today Full Conference Agenda Pause/Play 2024 Anti-Fraud Technology Benchmarking Report This new report explores trends in the current and expected adoption of traditional analytics, artificial intelligence and generative AI, and more. Access the Report Pause/Play The Irrevocable Trust The story of how a Ponzi scheme that bilked thousands of military veterans and retirees led to the donation of $250,000 to the ACFE Foundation. Read the Article More From This Issue Pause/Play Take the 90-Day Challenge Free to ACFE members, this is one of the most effective ways to help prepare for and pass the CFE Exam. The next challenge begins on April 1. Register Now Pause/Play Pause/Play About the ACFE 35th Annual ACFE Global Fraud Conference 2024 ACFE Fraud Conference Europe 2024 Anti-Fraud Technology Benchmarking Report The Irrevocable Trust Take the 90-Day Challenge The ACFE reduces occupational fraud worldwide by empowering anti-fraud professionals with leading-edge training, resources and professional certification. Join the ACFE Hone your skills and advance your career by joining the world's largest anti-fraud organization. Learn About ACFE Membership Membership Benefits Join our community of anti-fraud professionals who fight to uncover and prevent fraud and corruption across the world. Being a CFE means I have taken the personal step to join a world class organization. The CFE credential is truly the gold stamp of professionalism, education and integrity. Frank Dara, CFE Occupation: North America Investigations Manager Industry: Business Location: Tamarac, Florida, U.S. I believe CFEs have a duty to be active in their communities, as do all citizens. Dr. Maria Krambia-Kapardis, Ph.D., CFE Occupation: Professor Industry: Education Location: Nicosia, Cyprus Helping to educate others and raise awareness of anti-corruption, or preventative fraud measures, within a workplace has been both a personal and professional privilege. Natina Thalien, CFE Occupation: Chief Security Officer Industry: Science and Technology Location: Paris, France Anything can happen, even when you are close to the end, a new event can occur and change your investigation path from one way to another. Nothing can be taken for granted. Sandrine Paquin-Lessard, CFE, CPA Occupation: Director of Fraud Prevention and Detection Industry: Telecommunications Location: Montréal, Canada Fighting Fraud: By the Numbers 90,000+ ACFE Members Worldwide Meet Our Members Read the diverse stories of anti-fraud professionals who depend on the ACFE to stay at the top of their games. Member Profiles 190+ chapters worldwide Connect Locally Wherever you are, you aren’t far from an ACFE chapter where you can connect with your colleagues and attend local events. Learn More About ACFE Chapters 320,000+ CPE provided annually First-Class Education and Training Earn CPE through in-person and virtual events, webinars, self-studies, nano courses and more; all covering the latest fraud topics and techniques Training Events and Products Anti-Fraud Resources Members-Only Resources Free Resources Career Resources for Every Part of Your Professional Journey Job Board Career Paths Learn, Connect and Earn CPE at ACFE Events View All Events Mar 19 Webinar Emerging Technologies and Strategies to Combat Identity Fraud Online Webinar Mar 19, 2024 Additional Information: Identity fraud on the internet peaked at $10 billion in 2022, with consumer losses and projections suggesting that number will continue to rise... Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 1.0 Mar 20 1-Day Building Your Fraud Examination Practice Online Virtual Seminar Mar 20, 2024 Additional Information: Demand for fraud examination services is at an all-time high. Lawyers, consulting firms, government agencies... Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 8.0 Mar 26 Webinar My Wall Street Heist: The Story of Gary Foster Online Webinar Mar 26, 2024 Additional Information: Gary Foster grew up in Jamaica before moving to New Jersey, where he landed his dream job at a Big Four U.S. bank on Wall Street. However, company loyalty turned to anger... Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 2.0 Ethics CPE Apr 02 Webinar Combating Crypto Crimes: Pig Butchering Scams and NFT Thefts in the Web 3.0 Space Online Webinar Apr 2, 2024 Additional Information: Theft, fraud and money laundering of cryptocurrency assets threaten the integrity of blockchain technology as billions of dollars are estimated to be lost each year.... Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 2.0 Apr 08 CFE Exam Review Course Virtual CFE Exam Review Course Online Virtual Seminar Apr 8-11, 2024 Additional Information: Master the skills and knowledge you need to pass the CFE Exam by attending the CFE Exam Review Course. This instructor-led course will help you master the concepts tested... Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 31.0 Ethics CPE Apr 18 1-Day Utilizing Artificial Intelligence Tools in Anti-Fraud Programs Online Virtual Seminar Apr 18, 2024 Additional Information: Developments in artificial intelligence (AI) technologies have prompted professionals across all industries to ask how they can potentially. . . Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 4.2 Ethics CPE Earn CPE With Self-Study Courses View All Self-Study Publication 10 Infamous Fraud Cases of the 21st Century (Online Self-Study) $187.00 Members: $149.60 Additional Information: Learn from 10 infamous fraud cases to better protect your clients, employers and the general public from similar schemes. Field of Study: Auditing Course Level: Basic CPE Credit: 4.0 Publication Ethics, Rationalizations and Human Fallibility (Expert Insights Self-Study) $112.00 Members: $89.60 Additional Information: Field of Study: Behavioral Ethics Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 2.0 Ethics CPE Publication Fighting Fraud in the Government $281.00 Members: $224.80 Additional Information: Learn why governments are vulnerable to fraud and discover strategies to prevent, detect and investigate government fraud schemes. Field of Study: Auditing (Governmental) Course Level: Overview CPE Credit: 20.0 Ethics CPE Fraud Magazine® - Your official anti-fraud news source Devoted to timely, insightful articles on white-collar crime and fraud examination techniques, Fraud Magazine® brings you practical, "down-in-the-trenches" information you can apply immediately. Fraud Magazine Back to top About the ACFE Contact Us For Media For Advertisers ACFE Foundation Copyright 2024 Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, Inc. Site Policies Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Back to top