Bittrex Global Login Login Take two minutes to learn more What are the key risks? Due to the potential for losses, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) considers this investment to be high risk. You could lose all the money you invest The performance of most cryptoassets can be highly volatile, with their value dropping as quickly as it can rise. You should be prepared to lose all the money you invest in cryptoassets. The cryptoasset market is largely unregulated. There is a risk of losing money or any cryptoassets you purchase due to risks such as cyber-attacks, financial crime and firm failure. You should not expect to be protected if something goes wrong The Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) doesn’t protect this type of investment because it’s not a ‘specified investment’ under the UK regulatory regime – in other words, this type of investment isn’t recognised as the sort of investment that the FSCS can protect. Learn more by using the FSCS investment protection checker here. The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) will not be able to consider complaints related to this firm. Learn more about FOS protection here. You may not be able to sell your investment when you want to There is no guarantee that investments in cryptoassets can be easily sold at any given time. The ability to sell a cryptoasset depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in the market at that time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks and comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay and you may be unable to sell your cryptoassets at the time you want. Cryptoasset investments can be complex Investments in cryptoassets can be complex, making it difficult to understand the risks associated with the investment. You should do your own research before investing. If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Don’t put all your eggs in one basket Putting all your money into a single type of investment is risky. Spreading your money across different investments makes you less dependent on any one to do well. A good rule of thumb is not to invest more than 10% of your money in high-risk investments. If you are interested in learning more about how to protect yourself, visit the FCA’s website at https://www.fca.org.uk/investsmart For further information about cryptoassets, see https://www.fca.org.uk/investsmart/crypto-basics Asset categories Remember, not all crypto-assets are alike. Before investing, you should ensure you understand the specific risks involved. Below we have listed some of the main categories of crypto-assets available on Bittrex Global. Bear in mind that there isn’t currently an industry standard way of grouping digital assets, with new developments and innovations in the cryptocurrency space emerging regularly, and some crypto-assets falling into more than one category. You should use the following categories as guides to help you differentiate among the more common cryptocurrencies; for each category we have included a link to further information that you might find useful as a starting point for your research. Utility Tokens These grant access to specific features or services within a blockchain ecosystem. More info » Stablecoins These are cryptocurrencies designed to maintain a stable value by pegging them to a reserve of assets, such as fiat currency or commodities. More info » Altcoins These are cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin. More info » DeFi Tokens These are tokens associated with decentralized finance (DeFi) platforms. They often have utility within the DeFi ecosystem, providing functions like governance or collateral. More info » Wrapped Tokens These are tokens issued on one blockchain (e.g., Ethereum) to represent assets from another blockchain (e.g., Bitcoin). More info » Governance Tokens These tokens grant holders the right to participate in decision-making processes within a blockchain project. They are often used for protocol upgrades and changes. More info » Cross-Chain Tokens Tokens designed to facilitate interoperability between different blockchain networks, allowing assets to move between them. More info » This promotion has been approved by Gateway 21 Limited (FRN 999557) on 19 October 2023 Login All trading activity on Bittrex Global has been terminated. Please log in and withdraw all assets. For USD holders, we have completed the conversion (1:1) to USDT. USDT is now available for withdrawal. Please see this article for more information. Important Update Regarding Bittrex Global It is with great regret that we announce that Bittrex Global has decided to wind down its operations. This decision was not made lightly, and we understand the inconvenience it may have on our valued customers. UPDATED 8 DECEMBER Effective Monday 4 December 2023, all trading activity on Bittrex Global has been disabled. Customers are now only able to withdraw assets as part of the winding down process. All funds and tokens remain safe and secure on the Bittrex Global platform, and are available for withdrawal – in accordance with applicable law and our Terms of Service – at any time using the withdrawal facilities on the platform. All users are strongly encouraged to log into their account and withdraw assets as soon as possible. What happens next? Trading Suspension – Trading on Bittrex Global was suspended as of Monday 4 December at 18:00 UTC. Your client relationship with Bittrex Global has been terminated and all activity on the platform – except the ability to withdraw – has been disabled. Note on USD holdings [UPDATED 8 DECEMBER] – All remaining USD holdings have been converted 1:1 into USDT, and USDT is now available for withdrawal in the usual way, subject to the Terms of Service and applicable law. Bittrex Global has covered all fees associated with the conversion. Click here to see more information about the conversion of USD to USDT. Referral Programme – The Bittrex Global Referral program has been terminated. All rewards earned on trades have been paid out. Promotions – All promotions have now ceased and all transactions are now subject to the standard Bittrex Global fee schedule. Deposits – Do not make any deposits to our platform. We cannot guarantee that they will be received safely. If you do send a deposit, your funds may be permanently lost as a result of the attempted transfer. Withdrawals – No deadline has currently been set for customers to withdraw funds. However, we strongly recommend that customers withdraw funds as quickly as possible, as a withdrawal deadline may be set by the liquidators at some point in the future. Customer Support – Our customer support team will be available to assist with any questions or concerns during the transition process. Please create a support ticket at https://global.bittrex.com/Home/Support for assistance. Data Protection – We take data protection seriously, and we assure our customers that their personal information will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy. If you have any concerns about your data, please contact our support team. We will continue to provide updates and information through our official communication channels, including email and our social media channels. Please remember only to trust official channels, and be vigilant against scammers. We will never DM you first on Telegram, and we will never contact you from a personal email address or through a social media site’s messaging platform. We only use email addresses ending in @bittrex.li, @bittrex.bm, @bittrexglobal.com, or @bittrex.com; emails from any other email address are not from Bittrex Global. Read our support article on avoiding common social media scams. We thank you for your understanding and cooperation during this time. Please see a list of questions and answers about the wind-down process here. If you have any further questions, please contact our support team. Support Trading Platform Status Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal Legal Support Trading Platform Status Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Legal