Columbia University in the City of New York Skip to main content Search for people, departments & websites Submit keywords Toggle search Columbia University Columbia University in the City of New York Toggle search Main navigation expanded Admissions Academics Research Campus Life About News Columbia Launches a Reinvestment in Its Values and Mission Learn More Columbia’s Task Force on Antisemitism Releases Its First Set of Recommendations Read More Columbia Summer Applications Are Open Research & Discovery at Columbia Learn More Previous Next Explore Medical Center Libraries Arts Innovation Athletics Giving News Read more about Current News facebook twitter youtube instagram linkedin Resources to Support Your Well-being and Safety Report a Concern, Find Support, Reach Public Safety, and More… Find a Resource Most Visited Academic Calendar Academic deadlines, holidays, and other important dates. Summer Session Learn more about our hundreds of summer courses. Visiting Schedule a tour of the Morningside campus. Commencement University-wide commencement information. Careers Faculty and staff employment opportunities. Columbia Data A statistical snapshot of the University. Featured Videos Columbia Celebrates Lunar New Year Galaxies Are Going Bananas. And Breadsticks, Too. Columbia’s Abbey Hsu: The Ivy League's Greatest 3-Point Shooter EVENTS See all events. Upcoming Ongoing Community. Culture. Connection. Uptown. Columbia Neighbors Get Columbia News In Your Inbox Subscribe Locations Morningside Heights 116th and Broadway New York, NY 10027 212-854-1754Intercampus Shuttle Irving Medical Center Campus 630 W. 168th St. New York, NY 10032 212-305-CUMC Manhattanville 125th and Broadway New York, NY 10027 212-854-1754Manhattanville Loop Shuttle Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory 61 Rte. 9W Palisades, NY 10964 845-359-2900Shuttle Service Baker Athletics Complex 533 W. 218th St. New York, NY 10034 888-LIONS-11 Columbia Global Centers Amman, Athens, Beijing, Istanbul, Mumbai, Nairobi, Paris, Rio de Janeiro, Santiago, Tel Aviv, Tunis Community Columbia Neighbors Columbia Neighbors is part resource guide, part community news and storytelling hub, part gathering place. It is for everyone in the communities surrounding our campuses in Upper Manhattan. A'Lelia Bundles Community Scholars The A'Lelia Bundles Community Scholars program offers independent, community-based scholars from Upper Manhattan access to a suite of University resources. Double Discovery Center Double Discovery Center works with low-income and first-generation college-bound youth in New York City to ensure high school and college graduation. Community Impact Community Impact provides a wide variety of education, health, and social service programs in Upper Manhattan while providing meaningful volunteer and leadership opportunities for students. Harlem Health Promotion Center The Harlem Health Promotion Center works in collaboration with community, academic, and public health stakeholders to improve the health of the Harlem residents. Columbia Community Service Columbia Community Service supports nonprofit organizations throughout Upper Manhattan through the generosity of faculty, staff, and retirees. The Office of Government and Community Affairs is the University’s primary liaison with federal, state, and local government, as well as with residents, community leaders, and civic organizations in surrounding neighborhoods. The CUIMC Office of Government & Community Affairs maintains a similar role for communities surrounding the Irving Medical Center. Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Columbia University ©2024 Columbia University Accessibility Nondiscrimination Careers Built using Columbia Sites Back to Top Close