Home | International Center for Journalists Skip to main content Main navigation Our Programs Resources International Journalists’ Network Pamela Howard Forum on Crisis Reporting Our Research About Who We Are Our Impact Our Network Our People Our Board Tribute to Journalists News Latest News Our Newsletter ICFJ Podcast: Chasing the Story Donate Search Site Enter Your Search Term(s) Here Search It Takes a JournalistPhoto Credit: ICFJ Knight Awardee Karam al-Masri, Syria We enable a global network of journalists to provide the trustworthy news essential to free and strong societies. 67 Programs a year 177,000+ Network Members 95 Countries Explore 'ICFJ at 40' What We Do ServeServing journalists with the skills and knowledge to cover critical issues InnovateAdvancing media innovation centered on building trust with communities ThriveEquipping news leaders to build sustainable businesses that thrive Research, IJNet and More Resources ICFJ's global network is made up of tens of thousands of journalists who are making a difference through their reporting. Explore what we offer our network and join. Learn More Explore Our Programs Latest News Forty Years Empowering Truth: Stories from the ICFJ Network Register Now to Learn Innovative Ways to Spread Facts ICFJ Stands with Gazan Journalists, Calls for End to Killings Help us support intrepid journalists to expose corruption and abuse, combat disinformation and ensure the truth prevails. Our work is needed more than ever. Donate to ICFJ Featured Initiatives IJNet Get the latest on media innovation, news apps and tools, training opportunities and expert advice. Pamela Howard Forum on Global Crisis ReportingTraining, resources in five languages help deepen coverage of global crises Arthur F. Burns Fellowship An exchange program for journalists in Canada, Germany and the United States. Connect ICFJ is helping us cover the terrible environmental consequences of the war in Ukraine, which will affect our lives, health and economy for generations. — Anastasia Rudenko, Journalist, Ukraine Sign up for ICFJ updates By checking this box, you agree to get email updates from ICFJ. 750 17th Street NW Suite 300 Washington, DC 20006 P (202) 737-3700 F (202) 737-0530 E communications@icfj.org Footer Privacy Policy Log in Contact Supplementary Footer Links Work With Us Finances Policies ICFJ Tribute to Journalists ©2024 International Center for Journalists