Film Threat Your Independent Movie Guide Watch Film Threat’s annual event Award This! Your Independent Movie Guide Reviews Interviews Features News Videos Submit Film for Review Festival Promotion FT Shop New! Search Film Threat The D-Files Part 4: A Slow Death in a Strange World In the last edition of the D-Files, we see that the pieces are now in place to radically... Read More Cop vs. Killer NOW ON TUBI! In Matthew Page's action/horror Cop vs. Killer, a police officer is on the run... Read More Slasher House 3 The cinematic universe of spooky slashers continues in Slasher House 3. Written and directed by... Read More Shari and Lamb Chop SANTA BARBARA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL 2024 REVIEW! Shari and Lamb Chop, directed by Lisa... Read More Antisemite Antisemite tells a relatable story about a young man's instinctive search for a stronger bond... Read More The Ballad of a Coyote Written, starring, and directed by Trevor Riley, The Ballad of a Coyote follows the dangerous... Read More Bardejov The Second Great War has had several epics produced in its wake. But notable examples such... Read More Scala!!! Or, the Incredibly Strange Rise and Fall of the World’s Wildest Cinema and How It Influenced a Mixed-up Generation of Weirdos and Misfits Back in 1988, my flatmate Pete and I went to London to see Jean Michel Jarre's Destination... Read More Judy-ism Director Emily Lerer and screenwriter/star Emily Nash's short comedy, Judy-ism, addresses the... Read More When Unfettered When Unfettered, a short film by Derek Franzese, adventure begins with a simple step out the... Read More The Ballad of Davy Crockett I love a good old-fashioned Western. Derek Estlin Purvis, who wrote and directed The Ballad of... Read More Geoffrey Cowper Swoons Over Rom-Coms, Hopeless Romantics and The Dominican Republic in Books and Drinks The rom-com is one of the most elegant and sublime genres in the history of cinema. Audiences... Read More Film Is Dead: Long Live Film "Cinema is an invention without a future." This quote from the Lumière brothers, who created... Read More That They May Face the Rising Sun SANTA BARBARA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL 2024 REVIEW! That They May Face the Rising Sun is... Read More One Night in Tokyo Finding your soulmate is a million-to-one proposition. Finding your soulmate halfway around the... Read More Interviews Tom Schulman Chats ‘Double Down South’: Inspiration, Filmmaking Challenges, and the Enduring Legacy of ‘Dead Poets Society’ NOW ON VOD! The video features an interview with Tom Schulman, the writer, director, and producer of Double Down South, a movie that is... Read More Features Supernatural Saga: The Story Behind “The Originals” Read More In the mystical world of New Orleans, where ancient secrets intertwine with modern intrigues, "The Originals" emerges as a supernatural saga that... Features The Cinematic Landscape Unveiled Read More The year 2024 promises a cinematic extravaganza, with a lineup of diverse films catering to various tastes. From gripping dramas to action-packed... Features Exploring the Ever-Evolving World of Movies Read More Movies, with their captivating narratives and visual splendour, hold an unparalleled sway over our collective consciousness. From the golden era of... Features The Crucial Role of Cast Selection in Cinematic Excellence Read More In the realm of filmmaking, every aspect plays a pivotal role in the creation of a cinematic masterpiece. Among these, perhaps none is as essential as the... Features Top 10 Classic Thriller Movies That Every Film Buff Should Watch Read More Thriller movies have long been captivating audiences with their spine-tingling suspense, gripping plots, and unforgettable characters. For film buffs... Interviews Exploring ‘Red Right Hand’: An In-Depth Interview with Filmmakers Ia Read More The interview with the Nelms Brothers, Ian and Eshom Nelms, focuses on their film Red Right Hand, a Southern-fried thriller with 70s throwback and neo-noir... Reviews Dune: Part Two Read More Dune: Part 2 picks up right where the first left off. Co-writer/director Denis Villeneuve and co-writer Jon Spaihts set up the chessboard in Dune: Part... Features 3 Hollywood Stars Who Love to Gamble Read More Read about three successful Hollywood stars who are famous for their passion for casinos. It is no secret that the Hollywood world teases those on the... Interviews Behind the Scenes with Dominic Giannetti: Crafting Spirituality and Identity in Read More Dominic Giannetti is the writer/director of the feature film American Prom, a refreshing twist to the coming-of-age genre now available on Amazon Prime and... Load More Join our Film Threat Newsletter Coming soon to Film Threat Coming Soon Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga As the world fell, young Furiosa is snatched from the Green Place of Many Mothers and falls into the hands of a great Biker... Coming Soon Coming Soon Godzilla vs. Kong: The New Empire The epic battle continues! Legendary Pictures’ cinematic Monsterverse follows up the explosive showdown of “Godzilla vs.... Coming Soon Coming Soon Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire In Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire, the Spengler family returns to where it all started – the iconic New York City firehouse –... Coming Soon Latest on the pod Versus: Dune VS Star Wars What to Expect in Dune: Part Three Dune: Part Two Wows Critics Copyright ©1985-2024 Film Threat All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Reviews Interviews Features News Videos About Contact Staff Film for Review Festival Promotion Shop Film Threat cares about your privacy and the security of your information. Visit our full length Privacy Policy to get informed on our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users.