Annual Computer Security Applications Conference (ACSAC) Skip to main content ACSAC 2024December 9-13, 2024 • Waikiki, Hawaii, USA Menu Submissions Call for Submissions Submission Topics Hard-Topic Theme Technical Papers Case Studies Panels Posters Works in Progress Workshops Artifacts Competition Student Conferenceships Committees Organizing Committee Steering Committee Program Committee Sponsors Venue Registration Archive FAQs Mailing List Search small Search Welcome to ACSAC 40!CFP is openSubmit a paper, case study, panel, poster, WiP, or workshop. Student conferenceships and artifact awards available.Call for Submissions Join us in Hawaii for our 40th anniversary! The Annual Computer Security Applications Conference (ACSAC) brings together leading researchers and practitioners, along with a diverse group of security professionals drawn from academia, industry, and government, gathered to present and discuss the latest cybersecurity results and topics. With peer reviewed technical papers, invited talks, panels, national interest discussions, and workshops, ACSAC continues its core mission of investigating practical solutions for computer and network security technologies. This year, we will celebrate ACSAC's 40th edition. ACSAC's first edition was held in 1985 and is now one of the oldest computer security conferences, second only to the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy. We invite you to join us for this special anniversary! As an internationally recognized forum where researchers, practitioners, and developers meet to learn and to exchange practical ideas and experiences in computer and network security, we invite you to submit your work. In addition to peer-reviewed papers on novel applied research, we also welcome case studies on real-world applications, panels featuring world experts, and workshops consisting of 1-2 day sessions on hot cybersecurity and privacy topics. Submission Deadlines Technical Papers May 28 Case Studies September 4 Panels May 26 (abstract), September 1 (details) Posters October 1 Works in Progress October 1 Workshop Proposals May 26 Artifacts Competition September 17 Student Conferenceships September 30 Hard Topic Theme: Security Applications of Generative AI This year's hard topic theme solicits research results and technologies that advance our understanding of the applicability of Generative AI and Large Language Models to computer security. These transformative new technologies can have a significant impact in addressing traditional security problems, such as vulnerability detection, fraud detection, reverse engineering, threat intelligence, and many others. At the same time, the complexity of these systems also exposes new potential vulnerabilities that are still not well understood by the research community. Read More Return to top Code of Conduct Privacy Policy FAQs Mailing List Contact Us an event by Applied Computer Security Associates a 501(c)(3) non-profit association of computer security professionals with the goal to improve the understanding, theory, and practice of computer security through activities such as ACSAC and Facebook Twitter YouTube