News Apps — ProPublica Skip to main content Close Close Comment Creative Commons Donate Email Add Email Facebook Instagram Mastodon Facebook Messenger Mobile Nav Menu Podcast Print ProPublica RSS Search Secure Twitter WhatsApp YouTube ProPublica Local Initiatives Data Store Donate Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Search Newsletters ProPublica logo Graphics & Data Newsletters About Email Address Racial Justice Labor Health Care Democracy More… Series Video Impact Search More News Apps News Applications, Graphics, Databases and Tools Featured Supreme Connections: Search Supreme Court Financial Disclosures Find organizations and people that have paid the current justices, reimbursed them for travel, given them gifts and more. by Sergio Hernandez, Alex Mierjeski, Al Shaw and Mollie Simon Dec. 21, 2023, 5 a.m. EST Find Out Why Your Health Insurer Denied Your Claim You likely have the right to access records that explain why your insurer denied your claim or prior authorization request. Use ProPublica’s free tool to generate a letter requesting your claim file from your health insurance company. by Ash Ngu and Maya Miller Nov. 8, 2023, 7 a.m. EST Does Your Local Museum or University Still Have Native American Remains? Three decades after legislation pushed for the return of Native American remains to Indigenous communities, many of the nation’s top museums and universities still have thousands of human remains in their collections. Check on institutions near you. by Ash Ngu and Andrea Suozzo Jan. 11, 2023, 5:05 a.m. EST The Most Detailed Map of Cancer-Causing Industrial Air Pollution in the U.S. Using the EPA’s data, we mapped the spread of cancer-causing industrial air emissions down to the neighborhood level. Look up your home to see if you and your loved ones are living in a hot spot. by Al Shaw and Lylla Younes Nov. 2, 2021, 5 a.m. EDT What Parler Saw During the Attack on the Capitol ProPublica sifted through thousands of videos taken by Parler users to create an immersive, first-person view of the Capitol riot as experienced by those who were there. by Lena V. Groeger, Jeff Kao, Al Shaw, Moiz Syed and Maya Eliahou Jan. 17, 2021, 3 p.m. EST New Climate Maps Show a Transformed United States According to new data analyzed by ProPublica and The New York Times Magazine, warming temperatures, rising seas and changing rainfall will profoundly reshape the way people have lived in North America for centuries. by Al Shaw, Abrahm Lustgarten, ProPublica, and Jeremy W. Goldsmith, special to ProPublica Sept. 15, 2020, 5 a.m. EDT Tracking PPP Loans: Search Every Company Approved for Federal Loans The Paycheck Protection Program includes nearly $600 billion in federally backed loans to small businesses, to be forgiven if used to prevent laying off workers. Our database lets you search what’s been disclosed so far. by Moiz Syed and Derek Willis July 7, 2020, 7:40 p.m. EDT Nonprofit Explorer: Research Tax-Exempt Organizations Search the full text of over 9.6 million tax filing documents going back as far as 2001. by Andrea Suozzo, Alec Glassford, Ash Ngu, Jeff Frankl, Mike Tigas, Sisi Wei and Ken Schwencke June 6, 2019, 11:08 a.m. EDT Looking at Nursing Homes? See Which Ones Have Been Cited for Deficiencies On the eve of a Senate nursing home hearing, we’ve updated Nursing Home Inspect. Compare nursing homes based on the deficiencies cited by regulators in the past three years. You can also search over 60,000 nursing home inspection reports to look for trends or patterns. by Lena V. Groeger and Charles Ornstein March 5, 2019, 4:45 p.m. EST Other Entries Las Vegas Needs to Save Water. It Won’t Find It in Lawns. Drought-plagued Nevada pledged to do away with 3,900 acres of grass in the Las Vegas area within six years, but a ProPublica analysis found that the state grossly overestimated how much of that grass would likely be removed. by Nat Lash, Mark Olalde and Ash Ngu, and photography by Liz Moughon June 7, 2023, 5 a.m. EDT Supreme Risk Most rights are based in statute, but dozens — such as rights to same-sex marriage, search warrants and Miranda warnings — are based on judicial rulings that the Supreme Court can overturn and that current justices have questioned some aspect of. by Ian MacDougall and Sergio Hernandez June 1, 2023, 5 a.m. EDT How Forest Loss Can Unleash the Next Pandemic The forests around the epicenter of the world’s worst Ebola outbreak are getting patchier. The next pandemic could emerge from the edges around these patches, where wildlife and humans mix. by Al Shaw, Irena Hwang and Caroline Chen March 16, 2023, 7 a.m. EDT Look Up Which Fortune 500 Companies Fund Election Deniers Corporate America pledged to quit supporting lawmakers who challenged the 2020 election results. Two years later, the companies’ wallets are back open. by Sergio Hernandez, with additional reporting by Nat Lash Nov. 1, 2022, 8 a.m. EDT Congress Works for You. Here’s How to Be a Better Boss. Sign up to get eight personalized emails that teach you how to make a difference. by ProPublica Sept. 22, 2022, 5 a.m. EDT Do Police Give Students Tickets in Your Illinois School District? Do police in your Illinois school district give students tickets for truancy, vaping, fighting or other violations of local ordinances? Search our interactive database to find out. by Ruth Talbot, ProPublica, Jennifer Smith Richards, Chicago Tribune, and Jodi S. Cohen, ProPublica April 28, 2022, 4:59 a.m. EDT America’s Highest Earners and Their Taxes Revealed Secret IRS files reveal the top US income earners and how their tax rates vary more than their incomes. Tech titans, hedge fund managers and heirs dominate the list, while the likes of Taylor Swift and LeBron James didn’t even make the top 400. by Paul Kiel, Ash Ngu, Jesse Eisinger and Jeff Ernsthausen April 13, 2022, 5 a.m. EDT El mapa más detallado de contaminación atmosférica industrial que causa cáncer en los EE. UU. Utilizamos información de la EPA para trazar un mapa de las emisiones atmosféricas industriales que causan cáncer hasta el nivel de los barrios. Busque su casa para ver si usted y sus seres queridos están viviendo en un lugar peligroso. por Al Shaw y Lylla Younes Nov. 16, 2021, 1:30 p.m. EST Look Up the Salmonella Rates Where Your Poultry Was Processed How worried should you be about salmonella in your chicken or turkey? Chicken Checker lets you look up where it was processed and find out. by Andrea Suozzo, Ash Ngu, Michael Grabell and Bernice Yeung Oct. 29, 2021, 7:59 a.m. EDT Video Evidence Shown in the Capitol Insurrection Criminal Cases ProPublica and a coalition of 15 other news organizations have been arguing for access to video exhibits shown in the criminal cases against the accused Jan. 6 rioters. We’ll add new videos as we get them. by ProPublica July 27, 2021, 5 a.m. EDT New Records Show the NYPD’s Favored Punishment: Less Vacation Time In some of the NYPD’s most severe misconduct cases, the only punishment officers faced was losing vacation days. by Moiz Syed and Derek Willis June 22, 2021, 1:15 p.m. EDT Hawaii’s Beaches Are Disappearing Major islands have lost nearly a quarter of their beaches in the last century. The culprit? Seawalls and other barriers erected by wealthy homeowners. by Ash Ngu, ProPublica, and Sophie Cocke, Honolulu Star-Advertiser Dec. 29, 2020, 5 a.m. EST Tracking the Trump Administration’s “Midnight Regulations” The administration is rushing to implement dozens of policy changes in its final days. We’re following some of the most consequential and controversial. by Isaac Arnsdorf, Lydia DePillis, Dara Lind, Lisa Song, Moiz Syed and Zipporah Osei Nov. 25, 2020, 4:59 a.m. EST Charting the Long-Term Impact of Trump’s Judicial Appointments Beyond the Supreme Court, not only has President Donald Trump appointed judges at a quicker pace than his predecessor, he’s appointing younger judges who may serve for many more years. by Moiz Syed Oct. 30, 2020, 6 a.m. EDT Grenades, Bread and Body Bags: How Illinois Has Spent $1.6 Billion in Response to COVID-19 So Far Fighting — and adapting to — the coronavirus in Illinois has been costly. So far, state agencies have spent more than $1.6 billion in federal and state COVID-19 funding since late March, buying everything from face masks to Subway sandwiches. by Ash Ngu and Jodi S. Cohen, ProPublica, and Jennifer Smith Richards, Chicago Tribune Oct. 22, 2020, 1 p.m. EDT New Maps Show How Climate Change is Making California’s “Fire Weather” Worse On California’s fall fire days — days with high temperatures and wind speeds, as well as low humidity — all it takes is a spark from a downed power line to start an inferno. New research indicates that they’re about to become a lot more common. by Al Shaw and Elizabeth Weil Oct. 14, 2020, 5 a.m. EDT We Tracked What Happens to Police After They Use Force on Protesters These 68 videos show clear apparent instances of police officers escalating violence during protests. Here’s what we learned about each case. by Zipporah Osei, Mollie Simon, Moiz Syed and Lucas Waldron July 29, 2020, 10 a.m. EDT The NYPD Files: Search Thousands of Civilian Complaints Against New York City Police Officers After New York state repealed a law that kept NYPD disciplinary records secret, ProPublica obtained data from the civilian board that investigates complaints about police behavior. Use this database to search thousands of allegations. by Derek Willis, Eric Umansky and Moiz Syed July 26, 2020, 11:06 a.m. EDT What Coronavirus Job Losses Reveal About Racism in America The catastrophic loss of millions of U.S. jobs is another part of the coronavirus pandemic that is falling disproportionately onto the shoulders of Black Americans. by Lena V. Groeger July 20, 2020, 9 a.m. EDT We Reviewed Police Tactics Seen in Nearly 400 Protest Videos. Here’s What We Found. We asked experts to watch videos showing officers using tear gas, pepper balls and explosives on protesters. Police actions often escalated confrontations. by Talia Buford, Lucas Waldron, Moiz Syed and Al Shaw July 16, 2020, 6 a.m. EDT 1 2 3 → Last → Follow ProPublica Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS Stay Informed Get our investigations delivered to your inbox with the Big Story newsletter. Email address This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Most Read Syphilis Is Killing Babies. The U.S. Government Is Failing to Stop the Disease From Spreading. Republicans Hatched a Secret Assault on the Voting Rights Act in Washington State We’re Investigating Mental Health Care Access. Share Your Insights. Their States Banned Abortion. Doctors Now Say They Can’t Give Women Potentially Lifesaving Care. What’s a Pig Butchering Scam? Here’s How to Avoid Falling Victim to One. Latest Stories from ProPublica Cómo un incendio en una granja lechera nos llevó a escribir varias historias sobre los trabajadores de las granjas Syphilis Is Killing Babies. The U.S. Government Is Failing to Stop the Disease From Spreading. ProPublica and Partners Honored by National Press Photographers Association Lawmakers Could Limit When County Officials in Mississippi Can Jail People Awaiting Psychiatric Treatment Close this screen Search ProPublica: Close this screen Republish This Story for Free Creative Commons License (CC BY-NC-ND 3.0) Thank you for your interest in republishing this story. You are are free to republish it so long as you do the following: You have to credit ProPublica and any co-reporting partners. In the byline, we prefer “Author Name, Publication(s).” At the top of the text of your story, include a line that reads: “This story was originally published by ProPublica.” You must link the word “ProPublica” to the original URL of the story. If you’re republishing online, you must link to the URL of this story on propublica.org, include all of the links from our story, including our newsletter sign up language and link, and use our PixelPing tag. If you use canonical metadata, please use the ProPublica URL. For more information about canonical metadata, refer to this Google SEO link. You can’t edit our material, except to reflect relative changes in time, location and editorial style. (For example, “yesterday” can be changed to “last week,” and “Portland, Ore.” to “Portland” or “here.”) You cannot republish our photographs or illustrations without specific permission. Please contact [email protected]. It’s okay to put our stories on pages with ads, but not ads specifically sold against our stories. You can’t state or imply that donations to your organization support ProPublica’s work. You can’t sell our material separately or syndicate it. This includes publishing or syndicating our work on platforms or apps such as Apple News, Google News, etc. You can’t republish our material wholesale, or automatically; you need to select stories to be republished individually. (To inquire about syndication or licensing opportunities, contact [email protected].) You can’t use our work to populate a website designed to improve rankings on search engines or solely to gain revenue from network-based advertisements. We do not generally permit translation of our stories into another language. Any website our stories appear on must include a prominent and effective way to contact you. If you share republished stories on social media, we’d appreciate being tagged in your posts. We have official accounts for ProPublica on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Copy and paste the following into your page to republish: Close this menu Graphics & Data Topics Series Videos Impact ProPublica Local Initiatives Data Store Follow Us: Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Stay informed with the Daily Digest. Enter your email Site Navigation Sections ProPublica Local Reporting Network Texas Tribune Partnership The Data Store Electionland Browse by Type Topics Series Videos News Apps Get Involved The Nerd Blog @ProPublica Events Info About Us Board and Advisors Officers and Staff Diversity Jobs and Fellowships Local Initiatives Media Center Reports Impact Awards Corrections Policies Code of Ethics Advertising Policy Privacy Policy Follow Newsletters Podcast iOS and Android RSS Feed More Send Us Tips Steal Our Stories Browse via Tor Contact Us Donate More Ways to Give ProPublica Journalism in the Public Interest © Copyright 2024 Pro Publica Inc. Current site Current page