Finding the Universe - Travel tales, photography and a dash of humor Finding the UniverseTravel tales, photography and a dash of humorBlog Destinations Europe North America Asia Australia Africa and Middle East New Zealand South America Photography Buy Photos Photography Gear Guides Photography Tips Location Guides PHOTO COURSE About Us Hire Us Travel Resources Contact Hey! We're Laurence and Jessica. Welcome to our travel blog! Whether you're looking for travel advice and tips for your next adventure, or looking to improve your photography, we've got you covered. We've divided the site into the categories below, and if you scroll down, you'll find our latest posts. There's also a navigation bar at the top, which has a handy search function if you have an idea of what you're looking for. Enjoy! Main ContentWhat are you looking for?DestinationsLooking to plan a trip to somewhere new? Take a look at everything we've written from the many destinations we've visited to help you plan your own adventure!PhotographyLooking to improve your photography? Here you'll find all our photography content, everything from from gear advice, to photography tips, and location guides!Travel and Packing TipsAs professional travellers since 2010, we've learnt a lot about travel! Here we share our best travel tips & packing lists to help you with your travel plans.BloggingWe've been blogging for a while, and learnt a lot along the way. Here you'll find all the resources we've written to help you get started blogging yourself.Travel ResourcesLooking for the best way to book flights, accommodation or rental cars? We share all our favourite travel tools, websites, tips and tricks to get you going!About UsIf you want to know more about us, the folks behind this travel blog, this is the place to look! Find out why we started travelling, where we're from and more!Improve Your Photography! Have you always wanted to take better pictures, but weren't sure how? Let me teach you! I've put together an incredibly comprehensive and amazing value photography course that will teach you everything you need to know to start taking better pictures right away. It has everything from learning how your camera works through to composing great images, learning how to edit your photos, and lots more. You also get feedback from me as you learn, as well as exclusive membership of the course facebook community where you can take part in challenges and learn from others!Click here to learn more, sign up today and join over 2,000 other students! Latest blog posts How to Organize and Find Your Digital PhotosIf you find yourself struggling to organize your digital photo library, you are not alone. These days, it is so easy to take thousands of photos. The hard part is finding them when we want to print … [Read More...]A Detailed Guide to Planning a Trip to WalesIf you're planning a trip to Wales, then you've come to the right place! In this guide we're going to share everything you need to know to plan the perfect Wales trip. This is based on our experiences … [Read More...]A 7 to 10 Day Wales Road Trip Itinerary with MapDespite being born in Wales and spending many years living in the country, I haven't as yet shared any content about Wales on this site. Well, that is about to change. Wales is a spectacular … [Read More...]How to Make Money with your Photography as an Amateur PhotographerPerhaps one of the most popular questions I'm asked when people find out I'm a photographer is how to actually make money taking photos. People often want to know how they can make a little money as … [Read More...]Peak Design Travel Tripod ReviewAs a professional travel photographer, I've used a lot of travel tripods over the years, including models from Manfrotto and Vanguard. Today, I'm going to be reviewing Peak Design's travel tripod, … [Read More...]Tips for Traveling with a Safety RazorIn this guide, I am going to provide tips for traveling with a safety razor. Last year I got a safety razor for Christmas and after a bit of practice, it is now my only razor. Jess and I prefer to … [Read More...]The Best Food Tours in Rome, ItalyIf you're thinking of visiting Rome, you might be thinking about trying some of the tasty Roman food on offer. And one of the best ways to do that in Rome is to take a food tour or cooking … [Read More...]What to Pack for Safari – A Detailed Safari Packing ListSo you're going on safari. Awesome! We love safaris, and Jess and I have been lucky enough to take many safaris together. But now you might be wondering what to actually pack for safari. Well, … [Read More...]Complete Guide to Visiting Alton TowersIf you're thinking of visiting Alton Towers, you're in the right place. We've put together this detailed guide to help you plan your visit to one of the UK's best-known theme parks. Alton Towers is … [Read More...]The Best Things to do in Manchester, EnglandManchester is a city located in the north-west of England. It's well known today for its football teams, music, and food. It's also a city with a rich past, having been at the centre of the Industrial … [Read More...] Next page Privacy Policy Copyright Code of Ethics Sitemap Destinations Travel Resources Photography Tips Monthly Giveaway About Us Work with us Contact us Blog © Copyright 2010 - 2024 Finding the Universe®· All Rights Reserved ·Part of Travel Cats Media LLC.