Home | Big Red Hair Asset 1 Biographies Appearances Teaching Comic Books Paul’s Portfolios Paul’s Flix Pix Contact Us Shop Asset 1 Boilerplate Frank Reade Aztec Empire Heartbreakers Chronos Asset 2 Our Books Boilerplate Frank Reade Aztec Empire Heartbreakers Chronos About Us Biographies Appearances Teaching Comic Books Paul’s Portfolios Paul’s Flix Pix Contact Us Shop Blog All Comics & Books Current Events Fandom History Movies & TV Travels Personal Time Tunnel Travel back in time to the dawn of the web! © 2016-2024 Anina Bennett and Paul GuinanSite by Smith & Connors Aztec Empire New comic book series Read episodes from an epic new webcomic! Script and coloring by Paul Guinan, pencils and inks by David Hahn, edited and produced by Anina Bennett. CHRONOS DC Comic's Doctor Who Paul co-created the DC Universe's God of Time! This is the semi-official page for one of the most complex, yet congenial, characters in the DCU. Frank Reade The first steampunk Dive into our illustrated adventure book, and discover the secret origins of Frank Reade in the world’s first science fiction magazines. Boilerplate History’s mechanical man Meet Boilerplate, the 19th-century robot soldier who has adventures with Teddy Roosevelt, Lawrence of Arabia, Mark Twain, Nikola Tesla, and other historical figures. BIG RED HAIR is Paul Guinan and Anina Bennett , together .We write and draw books Boilerplate Frank Reade Aztec Empire Heartbreakers Chronos .We also teach about comic books and visual storytelling.And we make appearances and go on adventures . Follow Paul Follow Anina Our Blog Aztecs in Denmark! Farewell, Ziggy Stardust Motecuhzoma’s Bedroom The Gold Sun and the Silver Moon Cortes’ Spanish Mistresses Last Empress of the Aztecs A Perfectly Legal Conquest Timeline of the Aztec-Spanish War A Visit to Teotihuacán A Visit to Tlatelolco A Visit to the Templo Mayor Historic Horses Myths of Malinche By Any Other Name Comic Book Learning Portal Tenochtitlan: Size of a City First Contact: Japan & USA The Best Science Fiction Films of the 1970s Ida B. Wells: Tell the Whole Truth World Wide Web 1998 Podcast: “Diversity, Inclusion & Respect” Panel at Multnomah County Library Podcast & Video: “Comic City, USA” Exhibit at Oregon Historical Society Fifty Years of Microbionecrology: A Review (Part 5) Fifty Years of Microbionecrology: A Review (Part 4) Fifty Years of Microbionecrology: A Review (Part 3) Fifty Years of Microbionecrology: A Review (Part 2) Fifty Years of Microbionecrology: A Review (Part 1) Upcoming appearances Global Pandemic until...? March 13, 2025 Recent appearances San Diego Comic-Con 2021 July 23 - 25, 2021 The History and Impact of Friends of Lulu Portland, Oregon March 27, 2021 The Art of Lettering Portland, Oregon March 27, 2021