Home | Okta Developer Customer Identity Cloud Community Forum Toolkit Blog Pricing Okta.com Log in Sign up Okta developer Our developer portal enables you to deploy auth that protects your users, apps, APIs, and infrastructure. Get your app enterprise-ready with free virtual workshops! Start your Workforce Identity journey Welcome! Start with Learn if you’re new to Workforce Identity Cloud, or find the step in your journey and follow the links to browse docs. Learn Understand the basics of identity Learn the key concepts you need for creating identity and access management (IAM) solutions for WIC. Understand IAM How WIC works Choose an authentication protocol Get a developer org Build Connect with APIs and SDKs Build apps and services that interact directly with WIC for a completely integrated experience. Explore reference APIs Explore our SDKs Explore embedded authentication use cases Authenticate Define how your applications and APIs verify the identity of a user or device. Start with redirect authentication Set up multifactor authentication Use an external IdP Brand and customize Tailor your IAM tools with your organization’s brand and give users a consistent, familiar experience Add a custom domain Style email notifications Customize the sign-in page Publish Join the Okta Integration Network Promote your OIDC, SAML, SCIM, or API service integration to thousands of customers and grow your business with the Okta Integration Network (OIN) Learn about the OIN Go to the Okta Integration Network External Resources Advanced Automation and Orchestration Automate your Workforce Identity Cloud provisioning with Terraform. Okta articles and partner resources are available to help you get up and running, and as always, the WIC community forum is a great space to ask questions and find peer support. View Terraform discussions on the forum Blog Explore official Okta blog posts and Help Center articles to learn how to orchestrate Workforce Identity with Terraform. How can DevOps engineers use Okta? Secure your Kubernetes cluster for Okta OIDC and Terraform Technical documentation Discover official Terraform partner resources to automate provisioning and management for Workforce Identity. Prepare the Okta Terraform Provider for OIE Upgrade View Terraform provider on Github What’s new in Okta Developer Blog How Authentication and Authorization Work for SPAs Read the blog post Video Podcast: Phishing-Resistant Authenticators with Megha Rastogi Watch the video Blog Step-up Authentication in Modern Applications Read the blog post Blog A Secure and Themed Sign-in Page Read the blog post Blog Streamline Your Okta Configuration in Angular Apps Read the blog post Get the support you need, when you need it Search or post a question in the Okta Developer Forum. Go to Okta Developer Forum → Additional support Interested in Workforce Identity Cloud SDKs? Visit the Okta GitHub repos Looking for Workforce Identity Cloud product documentation? Try our Okta Help Center Additional links Questions? Ask us on the forum. Contact & Legal Contact our teamContact salesDeveloper Service termsSite termsPrivacy policyCopyright & trademarks More information Integrate with OktaPricing3rd-party notesCustomer Identity CloudArchive OKTA.COM Products, case studies, resourcesHELP CENTER Knowledgebase, roadmaps, and moreTRUST System status, security, compliance Copyright © 2024 Okta. All rights reserved. Feedback