The White House – The White House Skip to content This is historical material “frozen in time”. The website is no longer updated and links to external websites and some internal pages may not work. Open Menu WhiteHouse.gov WhiteHouse.gov Economy National Security Budget Immigration Energy Search WhiteHouse.gov Open Search Promises Made, Promises Kept. Economy Foreign Policy Immigration National Security Energy View All Issues Initiatives Peace to Prosperity Our initiative created a path to prosperity, security, and dignity for all involved. The potential for both the Israelis and the Palestinians and the region is unlimited. Learn More Artificial Intelligence for the American People Be Best The Crisis Next Door Pledge To America's Workers Women's Global Development & Prosperity Initiative The Administration Donald J. Trump 45th President of the United States Melania Trump First Lady of the United States Michael R. Pence Vice President of the United States Karen Pence Second Lady of the United States Executive Offices Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality National Security Council Office of Management and Budget Office of National Drug Control Policy Office of Science and Technology Policy WhiteHouse.gov The White House Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube President Donald J. Trump Vice President Mike Pence First Lady Melania Trump Mrs. Karen Pence The Cabinet Administration Accomplishments News Remarks Articles Presidential Actions Briefings & Statements About The White House Economy & Jobs Budget & Spending Education Immigration National Security & Defense Healthcare Council of Economic Advisers Council of Environmental Quality National Security Council Office of Management and Budget Office of National Drug Control Policy Office of Science and Technology Policy Copyright Privacy Policy Menu News Remarks Briefings & Statements Presidential Actions Articles All News Issues Education National Security & Defense Budget & Spending Immigration Healthcare All Issues The Administration President Donald J. Trump Vice President Michael R. Pence First Lady Melania Trump Second Lady Karen Pence The Cabinet Disclosures Executive Offices Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality National Security Council Office of Management and Budget Office of National Drug Control Policy Office of Science and Technology Policy About The White House White House Tours Past Presidents Past First Ladies The Grounds Our Government Get Involved Write or Call the White House White House Internship Program White House Fellows Contact Live Search Type Your Search Press enter to search