Current | Future of Banking SpendSaveInvestAboutHelpGet startedGet startedSpendSaveInvestAboutHelpGet started Build your money future Build your money future Banking that builds your credit We've made credit building simpler, safer, and smarter so now you can get credit for the banking you do everyday. Get Started Get paid faster Spending Disclosures Spending Disclosures Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking policies and deposit of paper checks from employers and government agencies versus deposits made electronically. Direct deposit and earlier availability of funds is subject to timing of payer's submission of deposits. Get paid up to 2 days faster with direct deposit. Build credit Just use your Build Card and build credit with everyday purchases. Skip the fees Spending Disclosures Spending Disclosures Some fees may apply, including out of network ATM fees of $2.50 per transaction, late payment fees of 3% of any total due balance outstanding and past due for two or more billing cycles, foreign transaction fees of 3% of the full transaction amount (minimum $0.50), card replacement fees per card of $5 for regular delivery and $30 for expedited delivery, cash deposit fees of $3.50 per deposit, and third party processing fees. For information on other fees see Current Build Card Rates & Fees and the Current Deposit Account Agreement. There are no annual fees to sign up. No credit checks There's no credit checks or history required to apply. Make the most of your money Get paid faster, build your credit history, earn points and more, all in one place. Spending Disclosures Spending Disclosures Current is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC, and Cross River Bank, Member FDIC. Cryptocurrency services are not provided by Choice Financial Group, and cryptocurrency is not insured by or subject to the protections of the FDIC. The Current Visa Debit Card is issued by Choice Financial Group pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The Current Visa® secured charge card is issued by Cross River Bank pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa credit cards are accepted. Please see back of your Card for its issuing bank. Current Individual Account required to apply for the Current Visa® secured charge card. Independent approval required. Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking policies and deposit of paper checks from employers and government agencies versus deposits made electronically. Direct deposit and earlier availability of funds is subject to timing of payer's submission of deposits. Earning rates over 1x are only available on Individual Current accounts when you make purchases at our participating partner merchants. After qualifying, please allow 3-5 business days for points to post to your Current account. The Current Points program is not available to Teen Account holders. See Current Points Terms and Conditions. Learn More Crush tax season We're making tax filing easy, fast, and free with our tax filing partner Column Tax. Taxes Disclosures Taxes Disclosures Free tax filing is only available to Current users who receive $200.00 or more in Eligible Direct Deposits into their Current Account over the preceding 35-day period. Eligible Direct Deposits include Automated Clearing House (ACH) direct deposits from your employer, payroll provider, or government payer. Eligible Direct Deposits do not include Bank ACH transfers, inter- or intra-bank peer-to-peer transfers, transfers made to debit cards from digital wallets or P2P services (PayPal, Venmo, Cash App, Zelle, Google Pay, Facebook Pay, or other similar services), mobile check deposits, and cash deposits. Otherwise, a $20 tax filing fee will be applied. Maximum Refund Guarantee, 2x Faster, and 100% Accuracy Guarantee is subject to Column Tax Terms of Use. Current is in partnership with Column Tax for tax filing services. Current does not provide tax, legal, or accounting advice, and users should consult a qualified professional for personalized guidance. View Column Tax Terms of Use.. Learn More Boost your savings Earn a bonus of up to 4.00% annually on your savings, save automatically with Round-Ups, set your goals, and more. Savings Pods Disclosures Savings Pods Disclosures Boost Bonuses are credited to your Savings Pods within 48 hours of enabling the Boost feature and on a daily basis thereafter, provided that the Savings Pod has accrued a Boost Bonus of at least $0.01. The Boost rate is variable and may change at any time. The disclosed Boost rate is effective as of August 1, 2023. Must have at least $0.01 in Savings Pods to earn a Boost rate of either 0.25% or 4.00% annually on the portion of balances up to $2000 per Savings Pod, up to $6000 total. The remaining balance earns 0.00%. A qualifying payroll direct deposit of $200 or more is required to earn a Boost rate of 4.00%. No minimum balance required. Please refer to Current Boost Terms and Conditions. Learn More Buy and sell crypto Pick from dozens of coins, access money instantly, without any trading fees, all without switching apps. Crypto Disclosures Crypto Disclosures Cryptocurrency services are powered by Zero Hash LLC and Zero Hash Liquidity Services LLC, and may not be available in all states. Terms and conditions apply. When you buy or sell cryptocurrency, a difference between the current market price and the price you buy or sell that asset for is called a spread. However, unlike most other exchanges, Current does not charge an additional trading fee. Cryptocurrency transactions are a form of investment, and all investments are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Cryptocurrency is not insured by the FDIC or any other government-backed or third-party insurance. Your purchase of cryptocurrency is not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed by, Choice Financial Group or Cross River Bank. The cryptocurrency assets in your Zero Hash account are not held at Current, Choice Financial Group, or Cross River Bank. Current, Choice Financial Group, and Cross River Bank are not responsible for the cryptocurrency assets held in any Zero Hash account. Neither Current, Choice, nor Cross River Bank is involved in the purchase, sale, exchange of fiat funds for cryptocurrency, or custody of the cryptocurrencies. Terms and Conditions apply (platform and user agreements.) Crypto on Current is not currently available in HI. Licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. This does not constitute investment advice. Learn More Spend Better Build credit with everyday purchases Get paid up to 2 days faster Get fee-free overdraft Earn points on swipes for cash back 40,000+ fee-free ATMs No annual fees or minimum balance fees No credit checks or history required Spending Disclosures Spending Disclosures Faster Direct Deposit Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking policies and deposit of paper checks from employers and government agencies versus deposits made electronically. Direct deposit and earlier availability of funds is subject to timing of payer's submission of deposits. Fee-free Overdraft In order to qualify and enroll in the Fee-Free Overdraft feature, you must receive $500 or more in Qualifying Deposits into your Current Account over the preceding 30-day period. For more information, please refer to Fee-free Overdraft Terms and Conditions. Points Earning rates over 1x are only available on Individual Current accounts when you make purchases at our participating partner merchants. After qualifying, please allow 3-5 business days for points to post to your Current account. The Current Points program is not available to Teen Account holders. See Current Points Terms and Conditions. Fees Some fees may apply, including out of network ATM fees of $2.50 per transaction, late payment fees of 3% of any total due balance outstanding and past due for two or more billing cycles, foreign transaction fees of 3% of the full transaction amount (minimum $0.50), card replacement fees per card of $5 for regular delivery and $30 for expedited delivery, cash deposit fees of $3.50 per deposit, and third party processing fees. For information on other fees see Current Build Card Rates & Fees and the Current Deposit Account Agreement. Current is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC, and Cross River Bank, Member FDIC. Learn More Save Better Earn up to 4.00% annual bonus on savings Round-up for easy automatic savings Savings Pods to reach your goals Savings Disclosures Savings Disclosures Boost Bonuses are credited to your Savings Pods within 48 hours of enabling the Boost feature and on a daily basis thereafter, provided that the Savings Pod has accrued a Boost Bonus of at least $0.01. The Boost rate on Savings Pods is variable and may change at any time. The disclosed rate is effective as of August 1, 2023. Must have $0.01 in Savings Pods to earn a Boost rate of either 0.25% or 4.00% annually on the portion of balances up to $2000 per Savings Pod, up to $6000 total. The remaining balance earns 0.00%. A qualifying direct deposit of $200 or more is required for 4.00%. No minimum balance required. Please refer to Current Boost Terms and Conditions. Current is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC, and Cross River Bank, Member FDIC. Learn More Invest Better Buy & sell crypto with zero trading fees Pick from dozens of popular coins Get in with as little as $1 Invest Disclosures Invest Disclosures Cryptocurrency services are powered by Zero Hash LLC and Zero Hash Liquidity Services LLC, and may not be available in all states. Terms and conditions apply. When you buy or sell cryptocurrency, a difference between the current market price and the price you buy or sell that asset for is called a spread. However, unlike most other exchanges Current does not charge an additional trading fee. Cryptocurrency transactions are a form of investment, and all investments are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Cryptocurrency is not insured by the FDIC or any other government-backed or third-party insurance. Your purchase of cryptocurrency is not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed by, Choice Financial Group or Cross River Bank. The cryptocurrency assets in your Zero Hash account are not held at Current, Choice Financial Group, or Cross River Bank. Current, Choice Financial Group, and Cross River Bank are not responsible for the cryptocurrency assets held in any Zero Hash account. Neither Current, Choice, nor Cross River Bank is involved in the purchase, sale, exchange of fiat funds for cryptocurrency, or custody of the cryptocurrencies. Terms and Conditions apply (platform and user agreements). Crypto on Current is not currently available in HI. Licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. This does not constitute investment advice. Cryptocurrency services are powered by Zero Hash LLC and Zero Hash Liquidity Services LLC, and are not provided by Choice Financial Group or Cross River Bank and are not insured by the FDIC. Learn More Skip the fees No annual fees No minimum balance fees No in-network ATM fees No bank transfer fees Fees Disclosures Fees Disclosures Some fees may apply, including out of network ATM fees, late payment fees, and other fees. For more information please see Current Build Card Rates & Fees and the Current Deposit Account Agreement. Peace of mind when money's on your mind FDIC protection FDIC Insurance Disclosures FDIC Insurance Disclosures FDIC insurance is available on customer funds through pass-through insurance at Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC, and Cross River Bank, Member FDIC, where we have a direct relationship for the placement of deposits and into which consumer funds are deposited. Pass-through insurance is only available if certain conditions have been met, and there may be a risk that pass-through deposit insurance is not available because conditions have not been satisfied. In such cases, funds may not be fully insured in the event the insured depository institution where the funds have been deposited were to fail. FDIC-insured on a pass-through basis up to $250,000 at Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC, and Cross River Bank, Member FDIC. Card control Block transactions and merchants, and pause or unpause your card instantly. Privacy settings Keep your info safe with fingerprint & Face ID lock. Join over 4 million members Current is just flat out awesome, I highly recommend Current as a primary or a second banking account. So many great benefits! I absolutely love this card, it's super easy to sign up and use. Love that it gives me my balance every time I use it! This is the best fintech "bank" account, better than Chime and Citi combined, and as good as CapOne 360! Love this card! you get paid early and have overdraft protection, customer service are always pleasant and helpful The features are terrific. My Current account makes banking easy and simple. Love the modern touches which are actually useful. Load More Build your money future Build your money future Overlay Opacity You're almost in Enter your phone number below and we'll send you a link to download the app to set up your account. Download the app Welcome to the future of banking! You're almost done. just scan the QR code to download the Current app and finish setting up your account. Welcome to the future of banking! You're almost done, just download the Current app for your device and complete your account set up. Get the app & get your money going Help Blog Contact Us Legal Docs Company Our Story Careers Press Copyright © 2016 - 2024 Current Sitemap Terms Privacy ESIGN Consent instagram Logo tiktok Logo twitter Logo facebook Logo linkedin Logo Current is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC, and Cross River Bank, Member FDIC. Cryptocurrency services are not provided by Choice Financial Group or Cross River Bank, and cryptocurrency is not insured by or subject to the protections of the FDIC. The Current Visa Debit Card is issued by Choice Financial Group pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The Current Visa® secured charge card is issued by Cross River Bank pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa credit cards are accepted. Please see back of your Card for its issuing bank. Current Individual Account required to apply for the Current Visa® secured charge card. Independent approval required. FDIC Insurance FDIC insurance is available on customer funds through pass-through insurance at Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC, and Cross River Bank, Member FDIC, where we have a direct relationship for the placement of deposits and into which consumer funds are deposited. Pass-through insurance is only available if certain conditions have been met, and there may be a risk that pass-through deposit insurance is not available because conditions have not been satisfied. In such cases, funds may not be fully insured in the event the insured depository institution where the funds have been deposited were to fail. Faster Direct Deposit Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking policies and deposit of paper checks from employers and government agencies versus deposits made electronically. Direct deposit and earlier availability of funds is subject to timing of payer's submission of deposits. Fees Some fees may apply, including out of network ATM fees, late payment fees, and other fees. For more information please see Current Build Card Rates & Fees and the Current Deposit Account Agreement . Savings Pods Boost Bonuses are credited to your Savings Pods within 48 hours of enabling the Boost feature and on a daily basis thereafter, provided that the Savings Pod has accrued a Boost Bonus of at least $0.01. The Boost rate is variable and may change at any time. The disclosed Boost rate is effective as of August 1, 2023. Must have at least $0.01 in Savings Pods to earn a Boost rate of either 0.25% or 4.00% annually on the portion of balances up to $2000 per Savings Pod, up to $6000 total. The remaining balance earns 0.00%. A qualifying payroll direct deposit of $200 or more is required to earn a Boost rate of 4.00%. No minimum balance required. Please refer to Current Boost Terms and Conditions . Fee-free Overdraft Actual overdraft amount may vary and is subject to change at any time, at Current’s sole discretion. In order to qualify and enroll in the Fee-Free Overdraft feature, you must receive $500 or more in Qualifying Deposits into your Current Account over the preceding 30-day period. For more information, please refer to Fee-free Overdraft Terms and Conditions . Individual Current Accounts only. Points Earning rates over 1x are only available on Individual Current accounts when you make purchases at our participating partner merchants. After qualifying, please allow 3-5 business days for points to post to your Current account. The Current Points program is not available to Teen Account holders. See Current Points Terms and Conditions . Crypto Cryptocurrency services are powered by Zero Hash LLC and Zero Hash Liquidity Services LLC, and may not be available in all states. Terms and conditions apply. When you buy or sell cryptocurrency, a difference between the current market price and the price you buy or sell that asset for is called a spread. However, unlike most other exchanges Current does not charge an additional trading fee. Cryptocurrency transactions are a form of investment, and all investments are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Cryptocurrency is not insured by the FDIC or any other government-backed or third-party insurance. Your purchase of cryptocurrency is not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed by, Choice Financial Group or Cross River Bank. The cryptocurrency assets in your Zero Hash account are not held at Current, Choice Financial Group, or Cross River Bank. Current, Choice Financial Group, and Cross River Bank are not responsible for the cryptocurrency assets held in any Zero Hash account. Neither Current, Choice, nor Cross River Bank is involved in the purchase, sale, exchange of fiat funds for cryptocurrency, or custody of the cryptocurrencies. Terms and Conditions apply ( platform and user agreements.) Crypto on Current is not currently available in HI. Licensed to engage in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. This does not constitute investment advice.