RealClimate: Frontpage Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerRealClimateClimate science from climate scientists...Home Start here Contributors Archives Main ContentFeatured Story New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course”9 Feb 2024 By Stefan 110 CommentsA new paper was published in Science Advances today. Its title says what it is about: "Physics-based early warning signal shows that AMOC is on tipping course." The study follows one by Danish colleagues which made headlines last July, likewise looking for early warning signals for approaching an AMOC tipping point (we discussed it here), but using rather different data and methods. The new … Read Full Article about New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course” Featured Story Spencer’s Shenanigans28 Jan 2024 By Gavin 158 CommentsA recent sensible-sounding piece by Roy Spencer for the Heritage foundation is full of misrepresentations. Let's play spot the fallacy. … Read Full Article about Spencer’s Shenanigans Recent Posts Unforced variations: March 20242 Mar 2024 By group 12 CommentsThe month's open thread on climate topics. More record monthly warmth, but only the second lowest Antarctic sea ice though (growing since 2023!). … Read Full Article about Unforced variations: March 2024Unforced variations: Feb 202431 Jan 2024 By group This month's open thread for climate topics. This month's climate highlight will likely be the PACE launch at some point between Feb 6th and Feb 8th, that will hopefully provide information on aerosols and ocean color with more detail than ever before. Fingers crossed! A few notes on the blog … Read Full Article about Unforced variations: Feb 2024Not just another dot on the graph? Part II16 Jan 2024 By Gavin 156 CommentsAnnual updates to the model-observation comparisons for 2023 are now complete. The comparisons encompass surface air temperatures, mid-troposphere temperatures (global and tropical, and 'corrected'), sea surface temperatures, and stratospheric temperatures. In almost every case, the addition of the … Read Full Article about Not just another dot on the graph? Part IINot just another dot on the graph?12 Jan 2024 By Gavin 85 CommentsAs the climate monitoring groups add an additional dot to their graphs this week, there is some disquiet among people paying attention about just how extraordinary 2023 really was. … Read Full Article about Not just another dot on the graph?Annual GMSAT predictions and ENSO5 Jan 2024 By Gavin 30 CommentsFor the last few years (since at least 2016), I've shared predictions for the next annual global mean surface air temperature (GMSAT) anomaly based on the long term trend and the state of ENSO at the start of the year. Generally speaking, this has been quite skillful compared to persistence or just … Read Full Article about Annual GMSAT predictions and ENSOUnforced variations: Jan 20241 Jan 2024 By group New year, new open thread on climate topics. Note that summaries and updates to include 2023 data will be posted on the surface temperature graphics page and model-observations comparison page over the next couple of weeks as the data becomes available. … Read Full Article about Unforced variations: Jan 20242023 appears to follow an upward trend in the North Atlantic/Caribbean named tropical cyclone count17 Dec 2023 By rasmus This year’s (2023) tropical cyclone season in the North Atlantic and Caribbean witnessed a relatively high number of named tropical cyclones: 20. In spite of the current El Niño, which tends to give lower numbers. But it appears to follow a historical trend for named tropical cyclones with an … Read Full Article about 2023 appears to follow an upward trend in the North Atlantic/Caribbean named tropical cyclone countUnforced Variations: Dec 20231 Dec 2023 By group Well, that year went quickly. This month, there is the COP28 hoopla, the ongoing El Niño and the speculation about the 2023 temperature ranking (which will not be that surprising). An open thread for climate topics... … Read Full Article about Unforced Variations: Dec 2023Science denial is still an issue ahead of COP2829 Nov 2023 By Stefan It is 33 years now since the IPCC in its first report in 1990 concluded that it is “certain” that greenhouse gas emissions from human activities “will enhance the greenhouse effect, resulting on average in an additional warming of the Earth's surface.” That has indeed happened as predicted, it has … Read Full Article about Science denial is still an issue ahead of COP28Clauser-ology: Cloudy with a chance of meatballs18 Nov 2023 By Gavin John Clauser's theory of climate explained. Some of you will have heard of John Clauser because he was an awardee of the 2022 Nobel Prize in Physics for his role in the experimental verification of quantum entanglement. Some of you will have heard of him because the first thing that he did … Read Full Article about Clauser-ology: Cloudy with a chance of meatballs << All Posts Primary Sidebar Email Notification get new posts sent to you automatically (free)Name*Email* Please leave this field empty. Recent Posts Unforced variations: March 2024 New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course” Unforced variations: Feb 2024 Spencer’s Shenanigans Not just another dot on the graph? Part II Not just another dot on the graph? Our Books This list of books since 2005 (in reverse chronological order) that we have been involved in, accompanied by the publisher’s official description, and some comments of independent reviewers of the work. All Books >> Recent Comments Ray Ladbury on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIVictor on New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course”Ray Ladbury on New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course”PeterE on Unforced variations: March 2024Ray Ladbury on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIRay Ladbury on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIBarton Paul Levenson on New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course”Barton Paul Levenson on New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course”jgnfld on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIChuck Hughes on Unforced variations: March 2024Chuck Hughes on New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course”Geoff Miell on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIPaul Pukite (@whut) on Unforced variations: March 2024John Pollack on New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course”Killian on Unforced variations: March 2024Piotr on Unforced variations: March 2024Susan Anderson on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIGeoff Miell on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIJohn Pollack on Not just another dot on the graph? Part IIVictor on New study suggests the Atlantic overturning circulation AMOC “is on tipping course” FooterABOUT About Translations Privacy Policy Contact Page Login DATA AND GRAPHICS Data Sources Climate model projections compared to observations Surface temperature graphics Miscellaneous Climate Graphics INDEX Acronym index Index Realclimate Stats 1,330 posts 10 pages 235,572 comments Copyright © 2024 · RealClimate is a commentary site on climate science by working climate scientists for the interested public and journalists.