sourceware.org: Free software! Get your fresh hot free software! sourceware.org 25 Roadmap Our Mission Organization Services Sponsors Donate Mirrors News Projects Binutils Cygwin dwarfstd elfutils GCC GDB GLIBC Libabigail Newlib SystemTap Valgrind More projects... Mailing Lists Suggestions Free the Software! Free Software hosting for core toolchain and developer tools Did you know about: builder.sourceware.org, patchwork.sourceware.org, inbox.sourceware.org and snapshots.sourceware.org? News/Announcements February 27, 2024 Sourceware infrastructure community updates for Q1 2024. Sourceware now has an official donation page. StarFive VisionFive-2 RISC-V boards for builder.sourceware.org. server2 and server3 disk drive updates. Upgrading project websites from CVS to GIT. Sourceware @ Fosdem. Security policy updates for a CVE system out of control. Summer of Code. February 01, 2024 StarFive has donated 4 VisionFive-2 risc-v boards with 8GB, 4-core JH7110 supporting the RV64GC ISA for the CI running on builder.sourceware.org. January 12, 2024 One of the drives in server2 broke down. It is part of a 10 drive raid6 setup. So we are fine for now. raid6 can take 2 bad disks. We also have a full mirror on server3. Which has a similar raid6 setup. We ordered 3 new disks, one as replacement for the bad disk and a spare for server2 and server3 in case of future drive failures. We have a fund for replacing hardware when needed. If you want to help out keeping everything running smoothly you can donate. December 18, 2024 builder.sourceware.org now has a little Starfive VisionFive V2 board for projects that want to do CI on RISC-V. Please contact the builder project if you want to integrate your CI build on it. December 6, 2023 Sourceware now has a donation page. See the news and announcements page for other new (or formerly new) things. Announcements, notices about downtime and temporary issues with our network are also posted to the fediverse @sourceware@fosstodon.org Get on the free software announcements mailing list! Occasionally asked questions: I can't access the ftp site. Mirrors? There are several sites which mirror the free software ftp site. You can see the full list on the free software mirrors list page. What is your true name? sourceware.org. But I am also called cygwin.org, coretoolchain.org, dwarfstd.org, elfutils.org, gcc.gnu.org, gnu.toolchain.dev, systemtap.org, and valgrind.org. During the dot-com boom years I was called sources.redhat.com and sourceware.cygnus.com. How are the projects chosen? Can I host my free software project there? Currently, we are pleased to be able to provide a home for various core toolchain and development tool offerings and certain GNU Project packages such as GCC, GDB, glibc, Binutils, and others. However, we currently only have the capacity to host a limited number of projects. So, while it doesn't hurt to ask if your project can be hosted here, we do have to be selective in what we offer. With luck, this will change soon, as we are contemplating increasing the capacity of both the sourceware.org system and the internet connection that it uses to communicate with the outside world. I need an account on sourceware for git/svn/cvs write access to project XYZ? We have an XYZ Project? Cool! Ok, you need write access for a project hosted on Sourceware you say? Well, first you'll need to have your request approved by the project maintainer(s). Once they give their ok, you can use our handy dandy little form and we'll process your request. This will provide you with an account on sourceware.org. If, in the future, you want to contribute to the repository of another project (remember that sourceware.org, cygwin.com and gcc.gnu.org share projects), have a responsible party send email to the admin-requests mailing list at this site requesting that you be added to the project. Do not fill this form out again. Do you have a privacy statement for this site? Hey, why not. We're not recording anything about you, short of the normal web logs which show what pages are being downloaded by what host. We'd never use any of the mailing list subscription information for anything other than the normal distribution of e-mail to that list. We are not out to get you. Oh, from time to time we do generate some aggregate reports but those don't identify you individually, so stop worrying. A lot of the software here is compressed in the .bz2 format. What is that? bzip2 (".bz2") is a compression program similar to gzip (".gz"), but it produces much smaller files than gzip. You can get the source for bzip2, or pre-built binaries for most platforms, from the bzip2 home page. Most recent free software distributions include bzip2, so you may already have it on your system. Is it true that the first lunar landing was faked? Of course. Everyone knows that. See the PBS documentary about it, Capricorn One. Spam harvesters lookee here! aaaspam@sourceware.org