Serial: Season One Skip to main content 00:00 00:00 Season ThreeSeason Three Home Episodes Art About Music Art: CGI Moth Studio / Mural Jess X. Snow Season TwoSeason Two Home Episodes Posts Maps, Videos, and More Art About Music Season OneSeason One Home Episodes Posts Maps, Docs, etc. About Music About Serial Contact How to Listen Follow Serial How to Listen Apple Podcasts Google Podcasts Pandora You can listen to Serial in many places: right here on our site, on Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, and on Pandora. You can also find the podcast on Stitcher, RadioPublic or the podcatcher of your choice. Don’t know how to get a podcast? Learn more here. Season 3 Season One: Episode 01 The Alibi It's Baltimore, 1999. Hae Min Lee, a popular high-school senior, disappears after school one day. Six weeks later detectives arrest her classmate and ex-boyfriend, Adnan Syed, for her murder. He says he's innocent - though he can't exactly remember what he was doing on that January afternoon. But someone can. A classmate at Woodlawn High School says she knows where Adnan was. The trouble is, she’s nowhere to be found. Play Season One: Episode 01: The Alibi Subscribe Download 2014 Ep. 01 Play Season One: Episode 01: The Alibi Episode 01 The Alibi A potential alibi surfaces … and then disappears again, at the worst possible time for Adnan’s case. Episode Details Ep. 02 Play Season One: Episode 02: The Breakup Episode 02 The Breakup Friends say Adnan was sad when Hae dumped him, but not crazy sad - normal sad. The prosecutors say he was rage-filled and vengeful. Which is it? Episode Details Ep. 03 Play Season One: Episode 03: Leakin Park Episode 03 Leakin Park Three weeks after Hae goes missing, a man discovers her body in the middle of a city forest. But his story is strange and his past is even stranger. Did he really just stumble on her by accident? Episode Details Ep. 04 Play Season One: Episode 04: Inconsistencies Episode 04 Inconsistencies The detectives get a lead that opens the case up for them. They bring Jay in for questioning and he tells them the story of January 13th. But then, a few weeks later, his story changes. Episode Details Ep. 05 Play Season One: Episode 05: Route Talk Episode 05 Route Talk Adnan once issued a challenge to Sarah: Recreate the state’s timeline of the murder by driving from Woodlawn High School to Best Buy in 21 minutes. It can’t be done, he said. So, we tried. Episode Details Ep. 06 Play Season One: Episode 06: The Case Against Adnan Syed Episode 06 The Case Against Adnan Syed Sarah weighs all the other circumstantial evidence prosecutors had against Adnan, including curious behavior, a dramatic note, and an unexplained mid-afternoon phone call. Episode Details Ep. 07 Play Season One: Episode 07: The Opposite of the Prosecution Episode 07 The Opposite of the Prosecution Sarah learned about another case with striking similarities to Adnan’s: a key witness, cell records, young people, drugs. So she called up the defense attorney on that case looking for insight, and got much more than she bargained for. Episode Details Ep. 08 Play Season One: Episode 08: The Deal with Jay Episode 08 The Deal with Jay The state’s case hinged on Jay’s credibility; he was their star witness and also their chief liability. So how did the jury make sense of Jay? How do we make sense of Jay? Episode Details Ep. 09 Play Season One: Episode 09: To Be Suspected Episode 09 To Be Suspected New information is coming in about what maybe didn’t happen on January 13, 1999. Episode Details Ep. 10 Play Season One: Episode 10: The Best Defense is a Good Defense Episode 10 The Best Defense is a Good Defense Adnan’s trial lawyer was a renowned defense attorney in Maryland – tough and savvy and smart. Exactly the kind of person you’d want defending you. But Adnan was convicted and she was disbarred. What happened? Episode Details Ep. 11 Play Season One: Episode 11: Rumors Episode 11 Rumors Almost everyone described 17-year-old Adnan the same way: good kid, helpful at the mosque, respectful to his elders. But a couple of months ago, Sarah started hearing stories of a different kind of boy. Episode Details Ep. 12 Play Season One: Episode 12: What We Know Episode 12 What We Know After 15 months of reporting, we take out everything we’ve got - interviews and documents and police reports - we shake it all out, and we see what sticks. Episode Details 2015-2019 In the years since season one concluded, Sarah Koenig wrote updates about important developments in the case. In 2015, the cell phone expert who testified at Adnan Syed’s trial said he no longer stood behind his testimony. In 2016, Adnan's attorney introduced new evidence and presented a case for why his conviction should be overturned. Serial covered what happened, day by day, in the three audio updates below. In 2019, Maryland’s highest court reversed a decision to give Adnan a new trial. Play Season One: Update: Day 01, Adnan Syed’s Hearing Day 01 Play Season One: Update: Day 02, Adnan Syed’s Hearing Day 02 Play Season One: Update: Day 03, Adnan Syed’s Hearing Day 03 2022 On September 19, 2022, the Baltimore City State's Attorney's office vacated Adnan's conviction. Sarah was at the courthouse when Adnan was released, hear details in Episode 13. Ep. 13 Play Season One: Episode 13: Adnan Is Out Episode 13 Adnan Is Out In 2022, a prosecutor in the Baltimore State’s Attorney’s office stumbled upon two handwritten notes in Adnan’s case file. They changed everything. Episode Details On October 11, 2022, prosecutors dropped the charges, and Adnan is now free. Police are continuing to investigate. We are done reporting this story, but are sure others will continue to follow it. As they do, here's what we'll be looking for. About Season One A high-school senior named Hae Min Lee disappeared one day after school in 1999, in Baltimore County, Maryland. A month later, her body was found in a city park. She'd been strangled. Her 17-year-old ex-boyfriend, Adnan Syed, was arrested for the crime, and within a year, he was sentenced to life in prison. The case against him was largely based on the story of one witness, Adnan’s friend Jay, who testified that he helped Adnan bury Hae's body. But Adnan has always maintained he had nothing to do with Hae’s death. Some people believe he’s telling the truth. Many others don’t. Sarah Koenig sorted through thousands of documents, listened to trial testimony and police interrogations, and talked to everyone she could find who remembered what happened between Adnan Syed and Hae Min Lee. She discovered that the trial covered up a far more complicated story than the jury – or the public – ever got to hear. The high school scene, the shifting statements to police, the prejudices, the sketchy alibis, the scant forensic evidence — all of it leads back to the most basic questions: How can you know a person’s character? How can you tell what they’re capable of? In Season One of Serial, she looks for answers. Follow Serial MenuSeason 3 Season 2 Season 1 About Serial Contact How to Listen Serial is a podcast from the creators of This American Life. © 2014 - 2024 Serial Productions, a New York Times Company | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use