FOR-USA About FOR History Leadership FOR-USA Chapters, Affiliates, & Peace Fellowships Nobel Peace Prize Laureates Engage FOR-USA Partners & Allies Membership Peace Awards FOR Fellowships Support FOR-USA Events Calendar Resources Newsletter Reclaim the Name of God MLK and the Montgomery Story Study Guide Wink Fellows Programming Occupy@10 The 5 Powers Revolution Prayers for the American Soul–Ramadan, Easter, Passover Fellowship Magazine Convene Educate Children 2024 Summit News Store Menu About FOR History Leadership FOR-USA Chapters, Affiliates, & Peace Fellowships Nobel Peace Prize Laureates Engage FOR-USA Partners & Allies Membership Peace Awards FOR Fellowships Support FOR-USA Events Calendar Resources Newsletter Reclaim the Name of God MLK and the Montgomery Story Study Guide Wink Fellows Programming Occupy@10 The 5 Powers Revolution Prayers for the American Soul–Ramadan, Easter, Passover Fellowship Magazine Convene Educate Children 2024 Summit News Store DONATE Search Search Close this search box. DONATE About FOR History Leadership FOR-USA Chapters, Affiliates, & Peace Fellowships Nobel Peace Prize Laureates Engage FOR-USA Partners & Allies Membership Peace Awards FOR Fellowships Support FOR-USA Events Calendar Resources Newsletter Reclaim the Name of God MLK and the Montgomery Story Study Guide Wink Fellows Programming Occupy@10 The 5 Powers Revolution Prayers for the American Soul–Ramadan, Easter, Passover Fellowship Magazine Convene Educate Children 2024 Summit News Store Menu About FOR History Leadership FOR-USA Chapters, Affiliates, & Peace Fellowships Nobel Peace Prize Laureates Engage FOR-USA Partners & Allies Membership Peace Awards FOR Fellowships Support FOR-USA Events Calendar Resources Newsletter Reclaim the Name of God MLK and the Montgomery Story Study Guide Wink Fellows Programming Occupy@10 The 5 Powers Revolution Prayers for the American Soul–Ramadan, Easter, Passover Fellowship Magazine Convene Educate Children 2024 Summit News Store Play Video Watch the music video for CEASEFIRE by Ayanna Gregory in collaboration with Common Hymnal and Friends. Full Cast and Credits at CeasefireSong.com Who we are A an interfaith organization, FOR-USA’s mission is to organize, train, and grow a diverse movement of people of conscience committed to using the transformative power of nonviolence to create peace, end structures of violence and war, and build the beloved community ORGANIZE We strengthen the organizing capacity of often-marginalized communities, with an emphasis on gender and racial justice TRAIN We provide training, leadership development and organizational capacity support to social justice movement leaders GROW We convene culture-makers to shift the narrative and use culture as a vehicle for social change JOIN US PROGRAMMING Reclaim the Name of God As the oldest interfaith peace and justice organization in the United States, the Fellowship of Reconciliation has followed the rise of right wing nationalist ideologies that co-opt religious language and imagery in support of their poisonous agenda.. READ MORE.. Gathering Voices Gathering Voices is a live, monthly zoom conversation series in which FOR-USA engages with activists and faith and thought leaders. RSVP for the November 21 discussion. RSVP Wink Fellowship Awarded to divinity students or emerging leaders focused on nonviolence or whose work creates change and challenges power, the Walter Wink and June Keener Wink Fellowship honors the life and legacy of FOR member Walter Wink (1935-2012) and the ongoing transformational work of his wife June Keener Wink… READ MORE.. MLK and the Montgomery Story Curriculum and Study Guide This curriculum and study guide was developed to help educators, community leaders, and organizers explore and connect with FOR’s 1957 comic book, Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story. Included in the guide are background readings, guiding and discussion questions.. READ MORE.. SUPPORT Donate NEWS ¡Presente! Edward Stonebraker (1960-2024) ¡Presente! Edward Stonebraker (1960-2024) Edward Richard Stonebraker, 63, of Girard, Ohio, passed away suddenly at home on January 1, 2024. Read More.. EMERGENCY SUMMIT FOR GAZA WITH RAINBOW PUSH COALITION, live in Chicago, Jan. 12-13, 2024 Video clips WHAT CAN BE DONE TO SECURE A PERMANENT CEASEFIRE, featuring Congressman Jonathon Jackson, Dr. James Zogby, and Ariel Gold, facilitated Read More.. Where Are the Tears? By Rev. Graylan Scott Hagler & Ariel Gold When Benjamin Netanyahu boasts of “hellfire” being rained down on Gaza, he Read More.. Read More Latest News.. LEGACY We are the U.S. Branch of International Fellowship of Reconciliation (IFOR) with affiliates in over 50 countries. Since 1915, FOR-USA has carried out programs and educational projects concerned with domestic and international peace and justice and nonviolent alternatives to conflict FOR-USA HISTORY Join a movement of over 20,000 people We Believe Peace is a Timeless Cause and We are Dedicated to Liberation for all Membership Subscribe First Name Last Name Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toMonthly newsletter Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Fellowship of Reconciliation USA. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact Our Statement of Purpose Join Shop Our Team Contact Newsletter DONATE Facebook-f Twitter Medium Youtube Instagram Linkedin Text “FOR” to 501-567-5309 to show your support and to receive updates Privacy | Financial Information | P.O. Box 271, Nyack, NY 10960 | © 2024 FOR-USA X Sign Up for Our Newsletter First Name Last Name Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toMonthly newsletter Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Fellowship of Reconciliation USA. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact We’re building a grassroots movement. Are you in?Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toMonthly newsletter Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Fellowship of Reconciliation USA. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact 0 YOUR CART Apply No products in the cart. Subtotal: $0.00 Update Cart CHECKOUT BEST SELLING PRODUCTS Homosexuality and the Bible $1.75 Fellowship Magazine Subscription (One Year) $19.15 Print Copy of Fellowship Magazine’s Thich Nhat Hanh issue $5.00 Martin Luther King and the Montgomery Story $5.00 Amaryllis Sympathy $10.00