The Journal Times | Breaking News | | Read Racine, WI and Wisconsin breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Wisconsin sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 40° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State & Regional Politics Business News Tip Nation & World Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Sports High School Football Baseball Basketball College Professional Life & Entertainment Announcements Arts & Theatre Event Calendar Games & Puzzles Movies & TV Music Comics Puzzles Columns Contests Play Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Travel Community A+ Submit an Announcement Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace I Love A Deal Shop Local Racine Public Notices Wisconsin Public Notices Public Notices Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Become a Carrier Contact us Help Center Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Buy & Sell SE WI Jobs 40° Cloudy/Wind Live Watch and get live Super Tuesday results from primaries and caucuses around the nation Gifford school focuses on literacy in second annual read-a-thon Fourth graders quietly read books in classrooms Thursday afternoon during a reading “power hour.” At the same time, other students were in the school auditorium hearing information from children’s author Lorelei Savaryn. Wait trial pushed back, files motion to dismiss The trial for Harry Wait was taken off the calendar after the defense filed motions to dismiss the charges against him — two counts of unauthorized use of an individual's personal identifying information and two counts of election fraud. Area, state see record-high temperatures; thunderstorms possible Monday evening Southeast Wisconsin residents experienced a warm weekend followed by a record-breaking Monday, and Sunday saw record highs elsewhere in the state. Jefferson Lighthouse hosts final Black History Month event Several dozen people who gathered Thursday for a Black History Month event at Jefferson Lighthouse Elementary, 1722 W. Sixth St. Donate $50 for a good cause, and you could take home a Harley-Davidson The owner of a Waterford tavern is raffling a Harley-Davidson motorcycle to benefit first responders. Held on $150,000 bond, suspect in Burlington man's death awaits a public defender Bond has been sent at $150,000 for a Milwaukee man charged with fatally shooting a Burlington resident and then dumping the body in an alley. Tracy Scott pleads not guilty in homicide of Shawnte Hudson A man accused of killing his daughter's boyfriend pleaded not guilty during a preliminary hearing Thursday. Two drivers die in multi-vehicle crash Saturday afternoon on South Memorial Drive An 18-year-old man and a 46-year-old man died following a two-vehicle crash Saturday on South Memorial Drive, according to the Racine Police Department. Four hospitalized after Sunday morning house fire on Virginia Street The Racine Fire Department responded to a house fire early Sunday morning that sent four people to the hospital. Empty corporate HQ in Waterford a reminder of faded dreams and unrealized plans The former corporate headquarters of Runzheimer International in Waterford is listed for sale, in the latest twist since the company announced grand plans for the site nearly 25 years ago. Judge hears arguments in Union Grove's $1 million fight with county drainage board A judge's ruling could soon resolve Union Grove's $1 million flood-control battle, or it could keep the dispute moving toward a trial. Racine Police Department focusing on violent crime reduction, recruitment in 2024 Racine Police Department Chief Alexander Ramirez is looking to reduce violence, recruit officers and building his team in 2024. Ice Center, Youth Detention Center among county's main 2024 goals Finishing the Youth Development and Care Center and plans for the Racine County Ice Center are among the the county's top priorities for 2024, according to Racine County Executive Jonathan Delagrave. Sheriff's Office aims to decrease overdoses, roadway deaths in 2024 The Racine County Sheriff's Office intends to decrease overdose deaths, decrease vehicle-related deaths on county roads, and hire more staff to the Racine County Jail in 2024. Mayor sets development, safety as Racine's top priorities for 2024 Mayor Cory Mason is prioritizing community safety, development and redevelopment projects for the city in 2024. WIAA regional boys basketball: Bull's game-winning 3-pointer caps crazy finish for Case in regional final Basketball game finishes don’t get much crazier than this. WIAA sectional girls basketball: Prairie cruises to first state tournament berth since 2013 OCONOMOWOC — Heading into a weekend that she had been visualizing for the past year, The Prairie School girls basketball coach Abby Jaramillo came down with a cold and didn’t have much of a voice. WIAA Girls Basketball: Union Grove's run ends with sectional final loss to Wauwatosa East The Union Grove High School girls basketball season came to an end with a 59-44 loss to Wauwatosa East in a WIAA Division 2 sectional final on Saturday at Whitefish Bay. Lighthouse Gallery & Gifts closing after seven years downtown Linda and Scott Olsen are closing their gift shop, Lighthouse Gallery & Gifts, after spending seven years at brick and mortar store Downtown. Annual Empty Bowls fundraiser scheduled for March 4 at Festival Hall The annual Empty Bowls fundraiser benefitting the Racine County Food Bank and the Homeless Assistance Leadership Organization is scheduled for March 4 at Festival Hall, 5 Fifth St. Gov. Tony Evers vetoes Republican tax cut proposal, married couple credits Republicans passed the bills last month as a way to attract and retain residents in the state, but Democratic lawmakers argued the measures would be fiscally irresponsible. Black staff at Mitchell making impacts As four of about two dozen Black staff at Mitchell, Diouf, Kingsbury, Tate and Terrell aim to consistently care for students, broaden their horizons and help them progress in life. RCSO warns of phone scam claiming missed jury duty The Racine County Sheriff's Office is warning about a new phone call scam. Burlington school board appoints new member The Burlington Area School District Board has chosen a new member. Rashada pleads not guilty to 2023 New Year's Day homicide Abdullah Rashada, the man accused in a 2023 New Year's Day shooting at a local bar, pleaded not guilty to all charges during an arraignment Thursday morning. Regency Mall demolition process begins The demolition process began on part of Regency Mall, 5538 Durand Ave., making way for a Woodman’s Food Market. CLUB CALENDAR WEEK OF MARCH 3 MONDAY WIAA regional boys basketball: Case makes late push to beat Oak Creek in regional semifinal MOUNT PLEASANT — Outmatched in height, but never heart. WIAA regional boys basketball: Herron takes over for St. Catherine's RACINE — Upon switching off his bedroom light on Thursday night, Javion Herron closed his eyes and thought about what it would be like to take over a game. WIAA Boys Basketball: Union Grove's offense rolls in upset of St. Augustine Prep The Union Grove High School boys basketball team appears to have unlocked its offense at the right time of the season. Recommended For You Wait trial pushed back, files motion to dismiss Regency Mall demolition process begins Two drivers die in multi-vehicle crash Saturday afternoon on South Memorial Drive The Latest Newly listed homes for sale in the Racine County area Browse through recently listed homes in the Racine County real estate market and find your next home! WisEye Morning Minute: Super Tuesday Preview with Dan O'Donnell and Pat Kreitlow March 5 marks Super Tuesday - the day fifteen states head to the polls in the presidential primary. While Wisconsin isn’t one of them, some say the contest could be wrapped up if both former President Trump and President Biden sweep available delegates. Yet the race remains neck and neck in … He teaches lightsaber classes, she teaches burlesque fitness. And they're in love The Blue Mounds couple credits each other for the support they needed to try something new. GOP state senator to run for open congressional seat in northeastern Wisconsin Andre Jacque of De Pere announced Monday that he will run for the 8th Congressional District seat being vacated by Mike Gallagher. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video WisEye Morning Minute: Super Tuesday Preview with Dan O'Donnell and Pat Kreitlow Fall Hazard Wisconsin electors for Donald Trump meet to falsely claim he won the election Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Sports Wisconsin women's basketball sophomore cemented among Big Ten's best The forward was among the country's best defenders and set a program record. Here are the Big Ten recognitions. How experts view Wisconsin basketball's NCAA Tournament projections with 2 regular-season games left Here's the draw experts see the Badgers getting in the NCAA Tournament after falling to Indiana and Illinois last week. Big Ten women's basketball bracket, times and 5 other things to know The Badgers earned a bye in the Big Ten Tournament. Here's the bracket, times, TV information and potential All-Americans. Where Wisconsin hockey teams fit in projected NCAA Tournament brackets The Badgers women's hockey team is a near-lock to host an NCAA Tournament regional. Here's what women's and men's brackets might look like this week. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Man seeks to commemorate moment Bessie Smith and fans chased off the KKK in North Carolina A North Carolina resident is working to make sure music legend Bessie Smith is forever remembered for a moment of bravery against the KKK that occurred almost 100 years ago. Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Beer Baron: A wistful salute to a great neighboring brewery Chapter 11 may not spell the end for Fair State Brewery Cooperative, but it's not good news either. Local Events Affiliate Discover the 14 best sites to buy TikTok followers in 2024 Provided content. Find the best sites for buying TikTok followers. Sponsored Make a resolution to keep your car clean in 2024 Content by Mister Car Wash. Mister WashPasses are prepaid wash cards and are available for purchase online. Sponsored Common misconceptions about laser hair removal Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. Uncover the facts behind the most common myths regarding laser hair removal. Sponsored Brazilian laser hair removal vs. Brazilian waxing Content by Milan Laser Hair Removal. These laser hair removal experts share their observations and insights about the benefits of Brazilian laser hair removal vs. Brazilian waxing. Local Businesses Supermercado San Judas Inc 214 E MAIN ST, ROUND LAKE PARK, IL 60073 Oneillz Automotive 205 MADISON ST., Walworth, WI 53184 Village Of Wind Point 215 E 4 Mile Rd, Racine, WI 53402 Website Print Ads Office ReVamp TSR - Direct - Ad from 2024-03-03 Food BERKOTS SUPER FOODS / KEN SZUDY MARKETING - Ad from 2024-02-28 Office E C STYBERG ENGINEERING INC - Ad from 2024-02-28 Service STROUF FUNERAL HOME/CREMATION - Ad from 2024-02-28 Construction Mathers Improvement Service - Ad from 2024-02-28 Sale SYNERG REALTY - CAROL HAWES - Ad from 2024-03-03 Service BAM - Great Day Improvements-Universal Windows - Ad from 2024-03-01 Service HOAM - Haribo of America Manufacturing - Ad from 2024-03-03 Medical FOUNTAIN HILLS - Ad from 2024-02-28 Office GANNETT - NAKED WINES - Ad from 2024-03-02 × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Sites & Partners I Love A Deal Wheels for You Home Finder Online Features Work here Services Start a subscription Activate your digital subscription Subscriber services Become a Carrier Contact us Dealer Returns Licensing © Copyright 2024 The Journal Times, 212 Fourth St. Racine, WI 53403 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alert Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe