C◦mp◦se :: Conference Speakers & Presentations Tickets Sponsors Policies C◦mp◦se Speakers & Presentations Sponsors Policies Melbourne :: C◦mp◦se Monday, Sept. 2, 2019 RMIT - SAB Building 80, Level 2, Room 7 Melbourne, Victoria, Australia 3000 Morning Session - Talks Keynote by Ambrose Bonnaire-Sergeant: The Hidden Data Flow in Types Click here to see the full programme Afternoon Session - Unconference The afternoon session of Melbourne :: Compose 2019 will be a smorgasbord of unconference and workshops Click here to see the full programme Tickets for Melbourne :: Compose 2019 are now on Sale! Get the C◦mp◦se :: Melbourne LambdaTram T-Shirt, available in Men's and Women's sizes. C◦mp◦se :: Past-Conferences C◦mp◦se :: Conference has run since 2015. Talk and proceedings from past conferences are online: 2015 New York (YouTube), 2016 New York (YouTube), 2016 Melbourne (YouTube), 2017 New York. (YouTube), 2017 Melbourne (YouTube), 2018 Melbourne (YouTube), 2019 New York (YouTube), 2019 Melbourne (YouTube) Keynote speaker - Ambrose Bonnaire-Sergeant Haskell F# OCaml Elm Elixir Scala Idris Mercury Purescript Agda Coq SML Clojure Reason C◦mp◦se :: Melbourne The practice and craft of functional programming Compose is a conference for functional programmers, focused on technologies such as Haskell, Scala, Clojure, OCaml, F#, SML and others. Functional programming has been taken up widely, by industry and hobbyists alike. For many of us it has renewed our belief that code should be beautiful, and that programming can be as enjoyable as it is practical. Compose is about bringing together functional programmers of all levels of skill and experience — from technical leads to novices, and from long-time hackers to students just getting started. Our experiences have shown that the theoretical can be put into practice with great success, and that topics once considered “advanced” can be made understandable and spread widely. For example, type systems, often considered complex, can simplify our lives by teaching compilers to do some of our reasoning for us. Compose Conference has been running in New York since 2015. C◦mp◦se :: Melbourne brings this experience to Melbourne in partnership with the Melbourne Functional Programming Association Inc. The 2016 and 2017 editions were produced with support from YOW! Australia. PAST CONFERENCES C◦mp◦se :: Conference has run since 2015. Talk and proceedings from past conferences are online: 2015 NYC 2016 NYC 2016 Melbourne 2017 NYC 2017 Melbourne 2018 Melbourne 2019 NYC News! Latest news and announcements! Financial Assistance and Conference Dinner Jul 21, 2019 Locations RMIT, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia Morning Session - Presentations Building 80 - 80.02.07 Afternoon Session - Workshops & Unconference Location TBA C◦mp◦se :: Melbourne Organizers C◦mp◦se :: Melbourne is organized by the C◦mp◦se :: Melbourne Committee. Namely: Ken Scambler (co-chair), Javier Candeira (co-chair), Sasha Boyd, Andy Kitchen, Les Kitchen. As an activity of the Melbourne Functional Programming Association Inc. If you want to get involved in the functional-programming community in Melbourne then please email us! MYOB (Platinum Sponsor) - We help businesses succeed. YesLogic (Gold Sponsor) - We develop powerful tools for the Web Age. SEEK (Gold Sponsor) - Australia's no. 1 jobs, employment, career and recruitment site. Data 61 (Gold Sponsor) - CSIRO's Data61: Australia's leading digital innovation network Zendesk (Gold Sponsor) - The best customer experiences are built with Zendesk. REA (Gold Sponsor) - We are a multinational digital advertising company specialising in property. Silverpond (In-Kind Sponsor) - Accelerating the adoption of AI. RMIT (Venue Sponsor) - RMIT is a global university of technology, design and enterprise. C◦mp◦se Organizers C◦mp◦se is organized by the organizers of the New York Haskell Users Group and others, namely: Gershom Bazerman, Doug Beardsley, Kat Chuang, Ryan Trinkle, Ashish Agarwal, Chelsea Betancourt, and Anastasia Bez. We welcome more people wanting to get involved as functional programming community organizers, and if you'd like to pitch in, please write us and let us know! Photography: Skyline by seeaich on Reddit. Skyline Vector by @_RenHarris. White Night by Tourism Victoria on Flickr. C◦mp◦se :: Conference The practice and craft of functional programming Code of Conduct Sept 2, 2019 Melbourne, Australia composemel-admin@googlegroups.com info@composeconference.org