Boutique Hotels & Resorts | Small Luxury Hotels of the World | Small Luxury Hotels of the World Discover Destinations Hotel Types Exclusive Offers Considerate Collection Private Collection About SLH JOIN OUR CLUB » Are you an Agent? Agent Login Newsletter Sign-up France Italy Spain United Kingdom USA 0800-0482-314 Call Logout » 0800-0482-314 Newsletter Sign-up Agent Login/Registration AUD CAD CHF CNY EUR GBP JPY SGD USD Menu Bookings Login INVITED login Hottest New Hotels Discover Now » Acro Suites, Crete Exclusive Rewards Join SLH's loyalty programme INVITED today to start receiving 10% off, exclusive benefits and offers from your very first stay. From early check in, complimentary breakfast, room upgrades to reward night vouchers. The more you stay the better it gets... Join Now » Give the Gift of Travel Give the gift of luxury escapism, anywhere in the world. An SLH gift card unlocks a world of choice for any independently minded traveller. It’s simple to send a gift - just choose the occasion, select the amount, and finish with a personalised message. Gift Now » Discover Destinations 560 hotels in more than 90 countries - From rustic fishermen's huts and woodland treehouses to rainforest retreats, alpine chalets and desert-style 'dude' ranches, no two stays are the same in our characterful collection of intimate spaces in unusual places. Explore Now » Trending Hotels Spa Hotels Explore Now » Sowaka Kyoto, Japan Beach Hotels Explore Now » Gecko Hotel and Beach Club, Spain City Hotels Explore Now » Palazzo Manfredi, Rome Eco-Friendly Hotels Explore Now » Susafa, Sicily Exclusive Offers Save 20% on Suites View Offer » Quinta da Comporta, Portugal 3 Course Dinner View Offer » Gecko Hotel & Beach Club, Formentera Complimentary Golf View Offer » Heritage Le Telfair, Mauritius Spa Treatment or Experience View Offer » Can Ferrereta, Mallorca In With The New Get lost in our latest additions and go somewhere new this season. Landing on our 'it' list means you've arrived at the best of the best, from Riviera chic to boutique countryside retreat. New Hotels » The Edit Travel like a local with our curated guides to off-the-beaten-track destinations, the lesser-known sides to city break favourites, and rooms with a view in places both old and new. Travel Journal » Work With Us Whatever your expertise, and wherever you’re based, we might just have the right role for you within our community of over 500 boutique hotels in more than 80 countries. Job Search » Pioneers in Boutique Luxury Curated Hotels Over 500 hotels in more than 90 countries – vetted each year for the highest of individual quality. Meet the inspectors » Perfectly Matched From rainforests to urban jungles, whatever your perfect view looks like, we’ll help you find it. Discover Destinations » Emotional Connections SLH hotels know how to elevate the everyday with bring-a-smile-to-your-face memories. Explore Hotels » 0800-0482-314 CALL US contact@slh.com EMAIL US SLH About SLH Actively Sustainable Luxury Hotels Contact Us Media Relations Best Rate Promise Charities & Partnerships Hotel Membership New SLH Member Hotels Jobs at global SLH offices Jobs at SLH hotels Agent Agent Registration Benefits Log-in Shop Gift Cards Follow Us Sign up to our Newsletter I agree to the SLH Terms & Conditions and I have read the Privacy Policy © 2024 Small Luxury Hotels of the World Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy INVITED Terms Reservation Terms