Princeton University Press Skip Nav Books Resources Ideas About Subjects Menu Top left to bottom right: Claudia Goldin, Grace Elisabeth Lavery, Shirin Neshat, Claudia de Rham Ideas Books to read during Women’s History Month Explore books by and about women who have pushed boundaries, affected change, redefined roles, or who have complicated our understanding of what it means to be powerful. Browse Books New & Noteworthy A Real Right to Vote Richard L. Hasen Guardrails Urs Gasser and Viktor Mayer-Schönberger Glad to the Brink of Fear James Marcus The Deorhord Hana Videen They Called It Peace Lauren Benton Portrait and Place Giulia Paoletti A World Safe for Commerce Dale C. Copeland Pox Romana Colin Elliott The Power to Destroy Michael J. Graetz Pax Economica Marc-William Palen See All Books Common Reading Try to Love the Questions Lara Schwartz The Secret Syllabus Jay Phelan and Terry Burnham AI Needs You Verity Harding Viral Justice Ruha Benjamin Night Vision Mariana Alessandri See More Common Reading Recommendations The Latest Ideas PUP Speaks: Christopher Harris on the need to reframe Black History Month February 21, 2024 This month, Christopher Harris reminds us that to celebrate Black history is to cherish everyday Black life. Read More Beyond bestiaries: the cats and dogs of Old English February 12, 2024 The words for ‘cat’ and ‘dog’ are virtually the same in Old English – hund (from which we get ‘hound’) and cat or catte (pronounced COT-tuh). Read More Making Democracy Count February 16, 2024 What’s the best way to determine what most voters want when multiple candidates are running? What’s the fairest way to allocate legislative seats to different constituencies? What’s the least distorted way to draw voting districts? Read More Learning from imperial violence February 22, 2024 Historians are supposed to feel lucky when our new books align closely with topics prominently in the news. I would welcome a little less relevance for “They Called It Peace: Worlds of Imperial Violence.” Read More Stephen Porder on Elemental February 27, 2024 It is rare for life to change Earth, yet three organisms have profoundly transformed our planet over the long course of its history. Read More Listen in: Pox Romana February 27, 2024 In the middle of the second century AD, Rome was at its prosperous and powerful apex. The emperor Marcus Aurelius reigned over a vast territory that stretched from Britain to Egypt. The Roman-made peace, or Pax Romana, seemed to be permanent. Read More See All Ideas Featured Authors Humanities Science Social Science Humanities Featured Authors Eric H. Cline Ancient History Jhumpa Lahiri Literature & Translation Myisha Cherry Philosophy Marion Turner Literature Science Featured Authors Sarah Blaffer Hrdy Biological Anthropology Jim Al-Khalili Physics Karen Bakker Environmental Sustainability Claudia de Rham Physics Social Science Featured Authors Verity Harding Artificial Intelligence, Tech, Public Policy Claudia Goldin Economics Ruha Benjamin African American Studies Angus Deaton Economics See All Authors The Latest News PUP at Oxford Literary Festival March 01, 2024 PUP acquires world rights to Jim Al-Khalili’s An Exploration of Time February 26, 2024 Board of trustees member YS Chi is honored with London Book Fair Lifetime Achievement Award February 21, 2024 Browse All News Upcoming Events 05 March 2024 Marc Levinson at S&P Transport Conference The Box / Outside the Box Long Beach, CA, US 12:10 pm - 12:39 pm PST Learn More 05 March 2024 Virtual Event: Coleen Murphy with Lewes Public Library How We Age 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm EST Learn More 05 March 2024 Katherine D. Van Schaik at The Bookshop How to Be Healthy 1043 West Eastland Ave., Nashville... 6:30 pm - 7:30 pm CST Learn More 06 March 2024 Verity Harding at Techshow London AI Needs You ExCeL London, 1 Western Gateway... 3:15 pm - 3:45 pm GMT Learn More See All Events Princeton University Press brings scholarly ideas to the world. About Us We publish peer-reviewed books that connect authors and readers across spheres of knowledge to advance and enrich the global conversation. We embrace the highest standards of scholarship, inclusivity, and diversity in our publishing. In keeping with Princeton University’s commitment to serve the nation and the world, we publish for scholars, students, and engaged readers everywhere. Stay connected for the latest books, Ideas, and special offers. Stay connected for the latest book news. Top United States 41 William Street Princeton, New Jersey 08540 United States Phone: +1 609 258 4900 Directions Europe 99 Banbury Road Oxford OX2 6JX United Kingdom Phone: +44 1993 814500 Directions China Princeton Asia (Beijing) Consulting Co., Ltd. Unit 2702, NUO Centre 2A Jiangtai Road, Chaoyang District Beijing 100016, P.R. China Phone: +86 10 8457 8802 Directions Browse Books Resources Ideas About Authors Contact Contact Us Careers Exam & Desk Copies Review Copies Rights & Permissions Follow Twitter Instagram Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Vimeo WeChat © 2024 Princeton University Press. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Site by AREA 17 Colophon Stay connected for new books and special offers. Subscribe to receive a welcome discount for your next order. Subscribe No Thanks Search for Books All Books Textbooks Audiobooks Collected Works Collections Series Catalogs Common Reading Distributed Presses Resources About Overview Offices People Authors History News Awards Events Careers Contact Us Ideas Subjects Back Print Cart ebook & Audiobook Cart