Be a Force for the Future | NRDC Skip to main content Credit: Patrick J Endres/AlaskaPhotoGraphics NRDC Logo All Gifts Matched to Stop New Oil Drilling in the Arctic Your support will be matched to help NRDC protect the wild Arctic from climate-busting drilling. DONATE Search Close search Search Search Search NRDCNRDC Main navigation Learn About the Climate Crisis Climate Crisis 101 What Is Climate Change? Causes Effects Solutions Take Action Our Work Climate Change Agriculture & Food Buildings Climate Adaptation Fossil Fuels Industrial Production Renewable Energy Sustainable Cities Sustainable Finance Transportation Equity & Justice Human Health Agriculture & Food Clean Air Drinking Water Toxics Nature & Wildlife Forests & Lands Fresh Water Ocean Wildlife Stay Informed News & Commentary Data, Reports & Resources Court Battles Take Action Petitions & Letters Toolkits & How-Tos Events Ways to Give About NRDC Our Mission History & Victories Leadership Our Experts How We Work Where We Work Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Annual Report & Financials Sustainability at NRDC Donate Amount $ Recurring MonthlyOne-time Give Credit: Getty Images Be a Force for the Future NRDC uses science, policy, law, and people power to confront the climate crisis, protect public health, and safeguard nature. Get updates on our issues. Thanks for signing up. You’ll receive your first NRDC action alert and update email soon! Enter Email This field is required. Submit Our Work Climate Change The power to reverse this crisis lies with us. Explore Issue Climate Change Equity & Justice The environmental movement must seek justice. Explore Issue Equity & Justice Human Health Health is at the forefront of our fight for a sustainable, equitable world. Explore Issue Human Health Nature & Wildlife In order for people to thrive, nature must too. Explore Issue Nature & Wildlife The Latest As Demand Grows for Electric Cars, So Does the Market for Green Jobs in the EV Industry Congress Responds to the Biden Administration’s Commonsense LNG Decision Liquefied Natural Gas 101 The Particulars of PM 2.5 In a Win for Health, the EPA Toughens Limits on Soot Air Pollution Final North Atlantic Right Whale and Offshore Wind Strategy Released Act Locally: How to Activate Bold Infrastructure Ideas PFAS: No Forever Exemptions for Forever Chemicals Seizing the Opportunity for Old-Growth Protections ​​The Smart Seafood and Sustainable Fish Buying Guide The Significance of Chevron Deference Building a Better Future Help us ensure the rights of all people to clean air, clean water, and healthy communities. $35 $50 $100 $250 $500 Other $10 $12 $15 $18 $20 Other One-time Gift Give Monthly Donate Community Highlights When You Poison Our Lands, You Poison Us Learn More about When You Poison Our Lands, You Poison Us After 43 Years, My Parents Finally Have Lead-Free Water Looking for Climate Connections (and Berries) Through Traditional Indigenous Knowledge After Decades, Tenants Are Still Fighting NYC Public Housing for Speedy Mold Relief Petition Tell the EPA to act now so states can quickly transition to cleaner vehicles! 13 states plus Washington, D.C., are relying on an EPA waiver to implement clean car standards that protect our air, public health, and planet. Take Action A Legacy of Impact For more than 50 years, NRDC (Natural Resources Defense Council) has been shaping critical environmental policies around the world, ensuring those policies are upheld and holding polluters accountable. $369b U.S. federal investment in energy, climate, and justice 1,100 Deaths avoided annually since implementing the heat action plan in Ahmedabad, India $97m Legal settlement to examine and replace the water lines in Flint, Michigan 2tr Gallons of gasoline saved since 1975, thanks to federal clean transportation rules Support Our Work $35 $50 $75 $100 $200 Other Donate Join Us Thanks for signing up. You’ll receive your first NRDC action alert and update email soon! Enter Email This field is required. Submit When you sign up, you’ll become a member of NRDC’s Activist Network. We will keep you informed with the latest alerts and progress reports. NRDC Logo About NRDC (Natural Resources Defense Council) Policy Resources Media Center Careers Contact Us En Español Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube RSS TikTok Sitemap Privacy Policy State Disclosures © 2024 NRDC. All rights reserved. Back to top