Domain Name System (DNS) | Oracle Accessibility Policy Skip to content About Services Solutions Pricing Partners Resources Close Search Search Oracle.com QUICK LINKS Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications Oracle Database Download Java Careers at Oracle Search Country Menu Menu Contact Sales Sign in to Oracle Cloud Overview Networking Services DNS Virtual Cloud Network Email Delivery FastConnect Health Checks Integrated Network Monitoring Load Balancing Network Firewall Private Endpoint Service Gateway Site-to-Site VPN Traffic Management Pricing Documentation Customers Cloud Networking Domain Name System (DNS) The Domain Name System (DNS) is a distributed internet system that maps human-readable names (such as Oracle.com) to IP addresses and serves as the first link in the customers’ digital supply chain. Oracle’s globally distributed DNS service offers enhanced DNS performance, resiliency, and scalability so that end users connect to customers’ applications as quickly as possible from wherever they are. Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier Watch the video (4:38) Dynamic DNS (DynDNS) Dynamic DNS is the solution for ever-changing, hard to remember IP addresses. Start a free trial or buy Dynamic DNS to create your easy to remember hostnames today. Learn more about DynDNS Dyn Customer Logins and Support Are you a still a Dyn customer after the Oracle acquisition? You can find all your product logins and support resources listed here. See all logins and support resources Dyn/Oracle Migration Support Engineering teams have been integrating Dyn's products and services into the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure platform. Get help with your migration DNS features Optimize customers’ digital assets and ensure that users can reach them as quickly as possible. DNS responsiveness Supported records Authoritative DNS Secondary DNS Dynamic DNS DDoS protection Global anycast network DNS responsiveness Customers leverage industry-leading DNS query response times (less than 30 milliseconds) to optimize their application and digital asset performance. Propagate new or modified DNS records globally in under a minute. Supported records Oracle supports 27 common DNS resource record types, including A, AAAA, CNAME, DNSKEY, MX, NS, PTR, SOA, and TXT. Authoritative DNS Customers manage DNS updates and domain names via Oracle’s standards-based Authoritative DNS service, which provides low-latency global DNS resolution for web-based properties and automatic translation of domain names into IP addresses. Get started with DNS Secondary DNS Setting up a secondary DNS as a redundant complement to the customer’s primary DNS service ensures critical applications remain available and that end users can reach applications faster. Dynamic DNS Dynamic DNS is the solution to an ever-changing, hard to remember IP address. Create an easy-to-remember hostname and stay connected to your IP-compatible device. You get 30 hostnames per purchase. Learn more DDoS protection DDoS protection is an always-on detection and mitigation platform for common DDoS volumetric attacks. The service protects against common layer 3 and 4 attacks like SYN floods, UDP floods, ICMP floods, and NTP Amplification attacks. DDoS Protection is included with all Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) accounts and no configuration or monitoring is required. Monitoring is provided around the clock for malicious activity and delivered at no extra cost. Read more Global anycast network Anycast addressing optimizes DNS performance, enabling consistent user experiences across the globe. Within an anycast network, DNS requests are answered by the point of presence (PoP) closest to the user making the request—ensuring the fastest possible DNS performance. Leading telecom provider in the Nordics chooses Oracle for DNS “We got it up and working quite easily, had a great experience with our trial account, and got a great feel early on for the product instead of just reading product documentation.” Hakon Smeplass, System Manager, Telenor Read more DNS use cases and benefits Intelligent traffic routing DNS traffic management allows customers to intelligently route user traffic across the internet by offering geolocation steering, load balancing, ASN, and IP-prefix steering. This provides optimized response times for web-facing applications, allowing users to reach them as quickly as possible. This service is integrated with Oracle Health check services for endpoint monitoring. Read more High availability Oracle DNS operates out of geographically distributed, high-availability data centers on separate power grids, flood plains, and fault lines, and deploys fully redundant connections to multiple ISPs to ensure uninterrupted service. Secondary DNS creates redundancy for web-facing applications. Read more Easy-to-use APIs Customers streamline DNS integration with web-facing applications and automate routine DNS configuration tasks using the console, OCI API, terraform and multiple SDKs. Get started with DNS DNS pricing Currency AUD - Australian Dollar ($) CAD - Canadian Dollar ($) EUR - Euro (€) GBP - British Pound (£) USD - US Dollar ($) ────────── AED - United Arab Emirates (د.إ) ALL - Albanian (Lek) ARS - Argentine Peso ($) BAM - Bosnia-Herzegovina Convertible Mark (KM) BDT - Bangladesh Taka (৳) BGN - Bulgarian Lev (лв.) BHD - Bahraini Dinar (.د.ب) BRL - Brazilian Real (R$) CHF - Swiss Franc (CHF) CLP - Chilean Peso ($) CNY - Chinese renminbi (¥) COP - Colombian peso ($) CRC - Costa Rican colón (₡) CZK - Czech Koruna (Kč) DKK - Danish Krone (kr) EGP - Egyptian pound (£) HKD - Hong Kong Dollar (HK$) HRK - Croatian Kuna (kn) HUF - Hungarian Forint (Ft) IDR - Indonesian Rupiah (Rp) ILS - Israeli New Sheqel (₪) INR - Indian Rupee (₹) ISK - Icelandic Króna (kr) JPY - Japanese Yen (¥) KES - Kenyan Shilling (Ksh) KRW - South Korean Won (₩) KWD - Kuwaiti Dinar (د.ك) KZT - Kazakhstani tenge (₸) MOP - Macanese Pataca (P) MVR - Maldivian Rufiyaa (Rf) MXN - Mexican Peso ($) MYR - Malaysian Ringgit (RM) NOK - Norwegian Krone (kr) NZD - New Zealand Dollar (NZ$) OMR - Omani rial (ر.ع.) PEN - Peruvian Nuevo Sol PHP - Philippine Peso (₱) PKR - Pakistani rupee (Ɍs) PLN - Polish Zloty (zł) QAR - Qatari Riyal (ر.ق) RON - Romanian Leu (lei) RSD - Serbian Dinar (Дин.) RUB - Russian Ruble (₽) SAR - Saudi Riyal (ر.س) SEK - Swedish Krona (kr) SGD - Singapore Dollar ($) THB - Thai Baht (฿) TRY - Turkish Lira (TL) TWD - New Taiwan Dollar (NT$) VND - Vietnamese Dong (₫) ZAR - South African Rand (R) Cost estimator Oracle Cloud Infrastructure DNS Pricing Product Unit price Metric DNS Services (1000 Supported Zones, 25,000 Records per Zone) 1,000,000 Queries / Billing Period DNS Traffic Management 1,000,000 Queries / Billing Period August 24, 2023 Reference architecture for hybrid DNS high availability in OCI The domain name system (DNS) architecture we deploy in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) is a hybrid DNS workload that follows a hub-and-spoke topology. This setup provides operational effectiveness and makes managing the DNS in OCI easier. In this post, we focus on the high availability and resilience of the private DNS that we can achieve with the help of dynamic host configuration protocol options in a VCN. Read the complete post Featured blogs June 8, 2023 Integrate on-premises, internal DNS zones with private DNS on OCI May 19, 2023 Delegate a DNS zone from your DNS registrar to OCI public DNS March 1, 2023 OpenVPN DNS settings with OCI April 3, 2023 OCI Domain Name System (DNS) service: More than public names Domain Name Service resources Pricing Documentation Customer login Support and services Training Related content Pages Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Pricing Billing and Payment Tools Overview Trending Oracle Cloud Workload Estimator Cloud Cost Estimator Pages Overview of the DNS Service Getting Started with DNS DNS in Your Virtual Cloud Network Managing DNS Service Zones Welcome to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Trending Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Platform Overview (PDF) Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Essentials (PDF) Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Architecture Center Learn more Home user portals Dynamic DNS (DDNS) Standard DNS Express/lite products Product Portal Billing Portal Product portals (DYNID) Managed DNS Email Delivery Product support My Oracle Support Login Resiliency FAQ Managed DNS Email Delivery Dynamic DNS Internet Intelligence Contact support Account Support (Email) Account Support (Phone) Managed DNS Support Email Delivery Support Support sites Global Contacts Service Health Dashboard Customer Forums User Community Dyn Status Updates Pages Oracle Cloud free certifications FAQ Trending Oracle University certifications Oracle Cloud Infrastructure training View the site Learn more What is Domain Name Service (DNS)? What is cloud networking? Get started with Oracle DNS Oracle Cloud Free Tier Build, test, and deploy applications on Oracle Cloud—for free. Sign up once, get access to two free offers. Try Oracle Cloud for free Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Platform Overview Improve performance and security while reducing costs for your performance-intensive and enterprise applications. Read the technical brief (PDF) Cloud Training—Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Explore cloud training resources with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure training videos, self-paced learning labs, and certifications. Find out what you can learn Explore Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Oracle Cloud Infrastructure combines the elasticity and utility of the public cloud with the control, security, performance, and predictability of on-premises computing environments. Read the guide (PDF) Resources for Careers Developers Investors Partners Startups Students and Educators Why Oracle Analyst Reports Cloud Economics with Microsoft Azure vs. AWS vs. Google Cloud vs. MongoDB Learn What is AI? What is Cloud Computing? What is Cloud Storage? What is HPC? What is IaaS? What is PaaS? What’s new Oracle Supports Ukraine Oracle Cloud Free Tier Cloud Architecture Center Cloud Lift Oracle Support Rewards Oracle Red Bull Racing Contact us US Sales: +1.800.633.0738 How can we help? Subscribe to emails Events News OCI Blog Country/Region © 2024 Oracle Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info Ad Choices Careers Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube