Skip to content Main Navigation Pop up search form Home The Ig Nobel Prizes 2023 Ceremony About the Igs Past Ig Winners The 24/7 Lectures The Ig® Archive Donate to the Igs Publications Magazine (Annals of Improbable Research) Newsletter (mini-AIR) Classics Podcasts & Videos Podcast Improbable TV Events Upcoming Events Past Events Press Clips Luxuriant Hair Clubs for Scientists Store Info / Contact Us About Marc Abrahams This is Improbable Too Shop the Improbable Research Store Get books about improbable research and the Ig Nobel Prize COMING: The 2024 Ig Nobel EuroTour February 24, 2024 Marc Abrahams This April, 2024, the Ig Nobel EuroTour will spring to life after several years of hibernation (the hibernation was caused by the Covid pandemic). It’s all about research (and researchers) that makes people LAUGH, then THINK. Events are scheduled in GERMANY, DENMARK, SWITZERLAND, ITALY, and SPAIN. Details are on our coming events page. And more? […] Arts and Science, Ig Nobel, Research News Sibley’s Improbable How-to-Identify-Rare-Birds Advice March 4, 2024 Marc Abrahams Birders, heed David Sibley‘s improbable advice about how to identify rare birds: If you think that you, of all people, have found a rare bird, ask yourself the following questions: Is this identification correct? Can you think of even one explanation that works as well or better to explain what you have seen? Do the […] Arts and Sciencerare birds, Sibley, teachers' guide Intentional cattiness, Yarnlike supercapacitors, Measuring fingers and addiction, The Denver sniff test February 28, 2024 Marc Abrahams This week’s Feedback column (that I write) in New Scientist magazine has four segments. Here are bits of each of them: Intentional cattiness — When cats are forced to endure a crush of mass attention from an adoring public, do they continue to behave in their famous, endearing, imperious “cat-like” ways? Simona Cannas and her colleagues at the […] Arts and Science, Extra-Improbable columns, Research Newsaddiction, behavior, cat, Denver, digits, fingers, odor, ratio, supercapacitor, yarn Ig Nobel Prize winners bring insight on whale communication February 28, 2024 Marc Abrahams Two Ig Nobel Prize winners and some of their colleagues collaborated in a discovery about how some whales are able to communicate. A report from the University of Southern Denmark announces it: Baleen whales evolved a unique larynx to communicate but cannot escape human noise Baleen whales are the largest animals to have ever roamed […] Ig Nobel, Research Newscommunication, larynx, whale Discrete Mathematics with Ducks February 26, 2024 Marc Abrahams Discrete Mathematics with Ducks is a textbook about discrete mathematics and ducks: Discrete Mathematics with Ducks (second edition), by Sarah-Marie Belcastro, ISBN 9780367570705, 700 Pages, published June 30, 2020 by Chapman & Hall. (Mostly) unrelated: “How a dead duck changed my life”: Arts and Scienceducks, mathematics Almost everyone dies / Mindfulness and electroshock therapy / Mindfulness and dishwashing February 21, 2024 Marc Abrahams This week’s Feedback column (that I write) in New Scientist magazine has six segments. Here are bits of each of them: Sweet or not, the end — Almost everyone who gets old dies. In a gross way, that brief sentence could sum up a Dutch/Danish/British study called “Use of sugar in coffee and tea and long-term risk of […] Arts and Science, Extra-Improbable columns, Research Newsantibiotics, Coffee, Death, dishes, electroshock, mindfulness, sugar Improbable Dramatic Readings at Boskone February 20, 2024 Marc Abrahams This photo shows the performers in the Improbable Dramatic Readings session we (Improbable Research) did at Boskone (the scifi convention in Boston, Massachusetts), on February 10, 2024. The performers include: Sara Dion, James Bacon, Geri Sullivan, Roksi Freeman, Amy Kucharik, Robin Abrahams, Gary Dryfoos, and three timekeepers. The event was emceed by Marc Abrahams, with […] Arts and Science Get the drift of the story of story drift (about buildings)? February 19, 2024 Marc Abrahams If you’ve ever yearned to learn the difference between story drift and story displacement — it’s a story of how buildings can go awry — this eagerly-narrated video might fascinate you: Arts and Science, Research Newsconstruction, drift, engineering, story Improbable Research show at AAAS in Denver: Saturday night February 14, 2024 Marc Abrahams If you will be in Denver, Colorado this Saturday, join us at the Improbable Research show. After three pandemic years when the annual special Improbable Research session was done online, it will return in 2024 to having lots of people all together in a room at the AAAS (American Association for the Advancement of Science) […] Arts and Science, Ig Nobel Other-handed politics, Solitary sheep, Nothing good, Onions on milk, Carrying, February 14, 2024 Marc Abrahams This week’s Feedback column (that I write) in New Scientist magazine has five segments. Here are bits of each of them: On the other hand — It is maybe the most politically insightful psychology study published in the past 60 years. And it is maybe not. The study in question is “State resident handedness, ideology, and political party […] Arts and Science, Extra-Improbable columns, Research Newsleft handed, milk, nothing, onions, politics Posts navigation 1 2 3 … 1,070 ❯ Buy This Issue Subscribe SearchSearch Arts and Science Boys Will Be Boys Extra-Improbable columns Ig Nobel Improbable Investigators Improbable Sex Improbable TV LFHCfS (Hair Clubs) Magazine (AIR) mini-AIR Podcast Research News Subscribe to MINI-AIR Email Address* Name Copyright ©2024 : .