X, the moonshot factory Explore XProjectsLife at XCareersMoonshot ThinkingBlog Connect expand_more LinkedInYouTubeInstagramTwitter Learn expand_more ContactPrivacy + TermsGoogleAlphabetLoadingWe create radical new technologies to solve some of the world’s hardest problems We create radical new technologies to solve some of the world’s hardest problems X -The Moonshot Factory X is a diverse group of inventors and entrepreneurs who build and launch technologies that aim to improve the lives of millions, even billions, of people. Our goal: 10x impact on the world’s most intractable problems, not just 10% improvement. We approach projects that have the aspiration and riskiness of research with the speed and ambition of a startup. Public X ProjectsPublic X Projects What if beams of light could provide global access to fast, affordable connectivity? Explore Taara What if we could make the world’s electric grid visible so everyone could access clean, reliable energy Explore Tapestry What if we could protect the ocean while feeding the world sustainably? Explore TidalStories + NewsStories + News We choose to go to the moon Moonshot Thinking Introducing Tidal A moonshot to protect the ocean and feed humanity sustainably X Projects Fast Company Inside X, Google's top-secret moonshot factory On the 10 year anniversary of X, WIRED UK takes a look at what we’ve been up to at the factory — featuring prototypes, plant buggies and Astro dressed as Gandalf In the news Introducing the Everyday Robot Project A first look at the project teaching robots how to help us in our everyday lives X Projects Mineral: Bringing the era of computational agriculture to life A new name for a new way of seeing the plant world X Projects Fast Company How to unleash creativity on the world’s biggest problems, from Alphabet’s moonshot division Astro Teller, the head of X, reflects on 10 years of work on projects such as internet-beaming balloons and sterilizing mosquitoes—and some even crazier ideas that never quite saw the light of day. In the news Making Black history every month Celebrating past accomplishments and building a future where everyone can thrive Moonshot Thinking X TimelineX TimelineTen years of moonshots - from self driving cars to computational agriculture Ten years of moonshots In 2010, Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin decided to form a new division of the company to work on moonshots: far-out, sci-fi sounding technologies that could one day make the world a radically better place. It was a grand experiment — some might say a moonshot unto itself. 10 years in, X has incubated hundreds of different moonshot projects, many of which have gone on to become independent businesses. 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 - 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 The Moonshot Factory is created Google’s new division gets a placeholder name: X. It has a first project: self-driving cars. Is it a research center? An incubator? A non-profit? No, it’s a moonshot factory looking 5-10 years out into the future, aiming to solve some of the world’s hardest problems. Google’s new division gets a placeholder name: X. It has a first project: self-driving cars. Is it a research center? An incubator? A non-profit? No, it’s a moonshot factory looking 5-10 years out into the future, aiming to solve some of the world’s hardest problems. An early flurry of invention The first batch of X projects begins, including wearable computer, Google Glass, and Google Brain, a team breaking new ground in artificial intelligence. Other teams tackle indoor maps (Insight) and improving photography on mobile devices (GCam). The first batch of X projects begins, including wearable computer, Google Glass, and Google Brain, a team breaking new ground in artificial intelligence. Other teams tackle indoor maps (Insight) and improving photography on mobile devices (GCam). Hardest things first Audacious idea: deliver Internet from giant balloons flying freely on stratospheric winds. A determined team sets out to prove this was impossible — the opposite of what most people do. By tackling the hardest parts of the problem first, they get Loon flying and cement a mindset that becomes a cornerstone of X’s culture. Audacious idea: deliver Internet from giant balloons flying freely on stratospheric winds. A determined team sets out to prove this was impossible — the opposite of what most people do. By tackling the hardest parts of the problem first, they get Loon flying and cement a mindset that becomes a cornerstone of X’s culture. A breakthrough for Brain Brain creates one of the largest-ever neural networks for machine learning. The team feeds random images of cats extracted from 10 million YouTube videos, but they don’t tell the machines in advance what a cat looks like. The results are unprecedented, proving that machine learning is ready to improve many of the tools we use everyday. Brain creates one of the largest-ever neural networks for machine learning. The team feeds random images of cats extracted from 10 million YouTube videos, but they don’t tell the machines in advance what a cat looks like. The results are unprecedented, proving that machine learning is ready to improve many of the tools we use everyday. Glass Explorers The Google Glass Explorer program launches, inviting the public to teach X how a wearable device could be useful in their daily lives. Athletes, concert pianists, hair stylists, and firefighters help the team gather learnings they never could have in a lab. The Google Glass Explorer program launches, inviting the public to teach X how a wearable device could be useful in their daily lives. Athletes, concert pianists, hair stylists, and firefighters help the team gather learnings they never could have in a lab. Loon launches 30 lighter-than-air solar-powered Loon balloons launch in the Canterbury area of New Zealand. Sheep farmer Charles Nimmo is the first person in the world to connect to balloon-powered internet. 30 lighter-than-air solar-powered Loon balloons launch in the Canterbury area of New Zealand. Sheep farmer Charles Nimmo is the first person in the world to connect to balloon-powered internet. A milestone for Makani Makani’s 20kw prototype energy kite successfully achieves a special kind of flight called “crosswind flight” that the team will use to sustainably generate electricity from the wind. Makani’s 20kw prototype energy kite successfully achieves a special kind of flight called “crosswind flight” that the team will use to sustainably generate electricity from the wind. Wing's first real-world delivery Project Wing's self-flying drone drops off candy and dog treats to a cattle rancher in Australia in its first tests outside the US. Project Wing's self-flying drone drops off candy and dog treats to a cattle rancher in Australia in its first tests outside the US. Self-driving “Fireflys” The Self-Driving Car project develops the “Firefly” prototype, built from the ground up for fully autonomous operation. Designed to be neighborhood friendly and approachable, many insist this early prototype looks like a koala. The Self-Driving Car project develops the “Firefly” prototype, built from the ground up for fully autonomous operation. Designed to be neighborhood friendly and approachable, many insist this early prototype looks like a koala. Verily is created Health professionals have long aimed to move treatment from largely reactive to proactive. A collection of new technologies developed at X, including a smart contact lens, come together around this mission and ultimately graduate from X to form the Alphabet company, Verily. Health professionals have long aimed to move treatment from largely reactive to proactive. A collection of new technologies developed at X, including a smart contact lens, come together around this mission and ultimately graduate from X to form the Alphabet company, Verily. The X in Alphabet Alphabet forms in August 2015, separating Google from a set of smaller companies working on very different problems. Still an innovation lab, but now a separate division within Alphabet, Google X becomes X, and its job is to generate moonshot-based businesses for Alphabet. Alphabet forms in August 2015, separating Google from a set of smaller companies working on very different problems. Still an innovation lab, but now a separate division within Alphabet, Google X becomes X, and its job is to generate moonshot-based businesses for Alphabet. No ordinary ride The Self-Driving Car team completes the world’s first fully self-driving ride on public roads in Austin, TX — no steering wheel, pedals, or test drivers involved. Steve Mahan, the former CEO of the Santa Clara Valley Blind Center, is the inaugural passenger. The Self-Driving Car team completes the world’s first fully self-driving ride on public roads in Austin, TX — no steering wheel, pedals, or test drivers involved. Steve Mahan, the former CEO of the Santa Clara Valley Blind Center, is the inaugural passenger. Introducing Waymo The Self-Driving Car team, X’s first moonshot project, graduates to become Waymo, an independent Alphabet company with the mission of building a better driver and making it safe and easy for everyone to get around. The Self-Driving Car team, X’s first moonshot project, graduates to become Waymo, an independent Alphabet company with the mission of building a better driver and making it safe and easy for everyone to get around. Testing in the Australian skies Project Wing begins delivering food and other goods to families in rural areas around Canberra, Australia. Project Wing begins delivering food and other goods to families in rural areas around Canberra, Australia. A new chapter for Glass The Glass Explorer program evolves into Glass Enterprise Edition when the team learns that workers in fields such as manufacturing, logistics, and healthcare find wearable devices highly useful for getting the information they need while their hands are busy. The Glass Explorer program evolves into Glass Enterprise Edition when the team learns that workers in fields such as manufacturing, logistics, and healthcare find wearable devices highly useful for getting the information they need while their hands are busy. Dandelion graduates Dandelion, a project using geothermal energy to sustainably and affordably heat and cool homes, graduates from X as an independent company outside Alphabet and begins offering services in the northeastern United States. Dandelion, a project using geothermal energy to sustainably and affordably heat and cool homes, graduates from X as an independent company outside Alphabet and begins offering services in the northeastern United States. A stroke of Real Genius Project Loon tries using wireless optical communications, or beams of light, to transmit data between two balloons flying 100km apart. They send a copy of the movie “Real Genius”, and it works. Project Taara is born to see how wireless optical communications can be used to bring quality connectivity to underserved places back down on earth. Project Loon tries using wireless optical communications, or beams of light, to transmit data between two balloons flying 100km apart. They send a copy of the movie “Real Genius”, and it works. Project Taara is born to see how wireless optical communications can be used to bring quality connectivity to underserved places back down on earth. Bringing moonshot thinking to agriculture In 2017, a team at X formed to help farmers around the world grow more food, more sustainably. By bringing together new data, machine learning, and novel sensing technologies, the team spots an opportunity to give farmers, researchers and breeders clearer and more accurate insights into how their crops are doing. In 2017, a team at X formed to help farmers around the world grow more food, more sustainably. By bringing together new data, machine learning, and novel sensing technologies, the team spots an opportunity to give farmers, researchers and breeders clearer and more accurate insights into how their crops are doing. A cybersecurity moonshot Most cyber attacks today are dealt with reactively, after the damage is already done. In 2018, Chronicle — a new platform using machine learning to spot patterns in huge volumes of security data — graduates from X to help give organizations a much higher-resolution view of their security situations than they’ve ever had. Most cyber attacks today are dealt with reactively, after the damage is already done. In 2018, Chronicle — a new platform using machine learning to spot patterns in huge volumes of security data — graduates from X to help give organizations a much higher-resolution view of their security situations than they’ve ever had. Loon and Wing take flight After years of hard work and relentless testing in the real world, Loon and Wing graduate from X and become two new independent businesses within Alphabet. After years of hard work and relentless testing in the real world, Loon and Wing graduate from X and become two new independent businesses within Alphabet. Introducing Malta Project Malta — a new approach to grid-scale energy storage whose secret ingredient is molten salt — graduates from X and becomes an independent company outside Alphabet as they get ready to build their first megawatt-scale pilot plant. Project Malta — a new approach to grid-scale energy storage whose secret ingredient is molten salt — graduates from X and becomes an independent company outside Alphabet as they get ready to build their first megawatt-scale pilot plant. Building Everyday Robots X announces the Everyday Robot Project, a project whose moonshot is to build robots that can learn to do a range of everyday tasks and ultimately become as helpful to people in the physical world as computers are now in the virtual world. X announces the Everyday Robot Project, a project whose moonshot is to build robots that can learn to do a range of everyday tasks and ultimately become as helpful to people in the physical world as computers are now in the virtual world. Seeing underwater In 2020, X launches Tidal, a new project combining machine learning and an underwater camera system to help understand and protect our ocean’s ecosystems. They start with a small corner of the problem: partnering with fish farmers to help them run and grow their operations more sustainably. In 2020, X launches Tidal, a new project combining machine learning and an underwater camera system to help understand and protect our ocean’s ecosystems. They start with a small corner of the problem: partnering with fish farmers to help them run and grow their operations more sustainably. Ten years of learning Over the course of 10 years, X learns a lot about some of the processes and cultural habits that help systematize innovation. For our 10th anniversary, we share the Gimbal — our internal guide to invention and innovation — alongside other tips for unleashing radical creativity that anyone can put into practice. Over the course of 10 years, X learns a lot about some of the processes and cultural habits that help systematize innovation. For our 10th anniversary, we share the Gimbal — our internal guide to invention and innovation — alongside other tips for unleashing radical creativity that anyone can put into practice. The Energy Kite Collection After 13 years of development, Makani shares The Energy Kite Collection so that anyone can explore Makani’s design, development and testing processes. After 13 years of development, Makani shares The Energy Kite Collection so that anyone can explore Makani’s design, development and testing processes. Lasers over the Congo River In their mission to plug stubborn connectivity gaps, Taara beams light-speed connectivity from Brazzaville to Kinshasa across the world’s deepest and second fastest river. In their mission to plug stubborn connectivity gaps, Taara beams light-speed connectivity from Brazzaville to Kinshasa across the world’s deepest and second fastest river. A moonshot for the electric grid At the Leaders Summit on Climate in Washington DC, X reveals a moonshot for the electric grid. The Tapestry team hopes to make the electric grid easier to visualize, plan, build and operate with all kinds of clean energy. At the Leaders Summit on Climate in Washington DC, X reveals a moonshot for the electric grid. The Tapestry team hopes to make the electric grid easier to visualize, plan, build and operate with all kinds of clean energy. Intrinsic is created Intrinsic graduates from X to become an independent company. An industrial robotics and artificial intelligence company, the team hopes to make robots as easy to use as a computer. Intrinsic graduates from X to become an independent company. An industrial robotics and artificial intelligence company, the team hopes to make robots as easy to use as a computer. Keeping Loon’s legacy aloft To support ongoing stratospheric innovation and research, X publishes 10 years of flight data and technical learnings with The Loon Collection. To support ongoing stratospheric innovation and research, X publishes 10 years of flight data and technical learnings with The Loon Collection. Sharing clean water with the world The Hydration to Everyone investigation finds that solar-powered atmospheric water harvesters could provide clean drinking water for 1 billion people globally. The team publishes its findings in Nature so that others can build on this work. The Hydration to Everyone investigation finds that solar-powered atmospheric water harvesters could provide clean drinking water for 1 billion people globally. The team publishes its findings in Nature so that others can build on this work. Chorus launches In March 2022, X unveils Chorus, a moonshot to radically improve how we make, move and use the world’s goods. Early partners include logistics, healthcare and food companies. In March 2022, X unveils Chorus, a moonshot to radically improve how we make, move and use the world’s goods. Early partners include logistics, healthcare and food companies. Magic beans Project Mineral collaborates with partners to uncover hidden crop traits within the world’s largest collection of beans – a vital global food source. Their goal is to accelerate the identification of plant traits and development of crops resistant to climate change and pests. Project Mineral collaborates with partners to uncover hidden crop traits within the world’s largest collection of beans – a vital global food source. Their goal is to accelerate the identification of plant traits and development of crops resistant to climate change and pests. Protecting ocean health Tidal goes diving off the coast of Indonesia to test if their sensors and camera system can accurately monitor the carbon stored in seagrass, one of the world’s most effective carbon sinks. Tidal goes diving off the coast of Indonesia to test if their sensors and camera system can accurately monitor the carbon stored in seagrass, one of the world’s most effective carbon sinks. M is for Mineral Mineral, the sustainable agriculture project, graduates from X to become an independent Alphabet company. Its mission is to discover the intelligence of plantkind to feed and protect humankind. Mineral, the sustainable agriculture project, graduates from X to become an independent Alphabet company. Its mission is to discover the intelligence of plantkind to feed and protect humankind. Everyday Robots merges with Google Robotics After a number of years collaborating closely, Everyday Robots is integrated into Google’s broader robotics effort. After a number of years collaborating closely, Everyday Robots is integrated into Google’s broader robotics effort. Code that writes itself After five years in stealth, Codey, X’s moonshot to create code that writes and rewrites itself, is revealed at Google I/O. After five years in stealth, Codey, X’s moonshot to create code that writes and rewrites itself, is revealed at Google I/O. 123456789/11232315314433 2010 2011 2011 2012 2012 2013 2013 2014 2014 2015 2015 2016 2016 2017 2017 2018 2018 2019 2019 2020 2020 2021 2021 2022 2022 2023 2023 2024 Privacy + TermsGoogleAlphabetX, a division of Google LLC. All rights reserved.