Market Research Company - Mordor Intelligence™ Reports Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Animal Nutrition & Wellness Automotive Chemicals & Materials Consumer Goods and Services Energy & Power Financial Services and Investment Intelligence Food & Beverage Healthcare Home and Property Improvement Hospitality and Tourism Logistics Manufacturing Products and Services Packaging Professional and Commercial Services Real Estate and Construction Retail Technology, Media and Telecom Custom Research About Our People Our Clients Careers Contact +1 617-765-2493 Precise market intelligence and advisory. 19402 reports across 100+ industry segments exhaustively covered. Our clients Providing insights to 6000+ enterprises across 100+ countries. We are a fully revenue-funded organization, since our founding in 2014. To date, we have partnered with 6000+ enterprises across 20+ industries, to deliver precise data and actionable insights in over 10000 projects. Our domain-specific teams of research experts continuously track markets, providing our clients the competitive edge through high-quality market intelligence. View clients INDUSTRY REPORTS Gain a deeper understanding of global markets. Get access to defining indicators and understand how trends shape the future of markets. Our set of 17,000+ reports cover more than 20 industry verticals. In each report we break down and analyze the market by segments, understand the prevailing dynamics and study the companies operating in these spaces, to finally arrive at solutions that help you have the competitive advantage. View reports CUSTOM RESEARCH Get insights before anyone else can. A dedicated team of highly talented analysts will break down your specific business objectives and draw up tailor-made solutions. With distributed expertise and continuous support, we become a part of your growth. Our global network of experts provides real-time inputs from the field, giving you sound insights into industry changes as and when they happen. Explore More Why us? The Mordor Advantage Distributed Expertise No organization can seemingly hire all the necessary expertise to answer every business problem. We realize this challenge and turn it into our advantage by using a distributed expertise model. Strategic Location We believe our location in India is of strategic advantage to you. Without the overheads of other firms, we can get you intelligence at the level of accuracy you deserve, at a significantly lower cost to your organization. Flash Delivery With our vast database of market intelligence and an ever-growing network of experts across the value chain, we make sure you get top-notch solutions with swift turnarounds that suit your deadlines. Testimonials Sumitomo Corporation, highly recommends Mordor Intelligence to every other company. We asked them to research ‘Ag equipment market’ all over the world, and their whole arrangement was helpful to us. Mordor Intelligence’s insightful analysis and reports contributed to our current analysis and in creating a future strategy. Besides, the team was flexible in customizing the content based on our request, so that was also of great value to us. We strongly believe their service would lead clients to their ultimate goal in a short span of time, so everyone should contact them first! Letter of recommendation → Yosuke Mitsui Senior Associate Construction Equipment Sales & Marketing We as Al Safi Danone, one of Al Faisaliah Group Holding Subsidiaries certify that Mordor Intelligence has successfully delivered both market studies for our research on Red Meat (as a ready study) and Fruits & Vegetables Market (as customized). As a customer we would like to extend our satisfaction on the results of the studies and their match of our expectations. We appreciate Mordor Intelligence for the quality of the content of their study, adherence to time lines, and their client support. We look forward to working with Mordor Intelligence on future projects. Letter of recommendation → Sarah Al Salem Strategy and Planning Manager Al Safi Danone My experience so far with Mordor Intelligence is only positive. From high quality data at a competitive price to dedication and involvement of the employees, Mordor Intelligence has met all expectations. I am personally enjoying any kind of interaction with the team! Mordor Intelligence provided Circle K with data sets and complex reports. In these deliverables, high data precision is mandatory, and deviations have to be corrected with the shortest possible delays. The Team at Mordor Intelligence has consistently delivered on both accounts. Letter of recommendation → Thierry Roedelé Senior Manager Market Analysis Circle K Europe The study we purchased from Mordor Intelligence was backed by consumer surveys, desk research, and sources, to provide actionable outcomes. The presentation was conducted in a professional way. Mordor Intelligence’s engagement and willingness to collaborate helped the embassy gain comfort over the project timelines. We received constant support and prompt periodic updates. The embassy’s inputs were factored in as requested, while keeping the deliveries timely, for such a critical and timebound project. Kindly keep up the good work and we look forward to seeking Mordor Intelligence’s assistance on upcoming projects and initiatives. Letter of recommendation → Erry Herjuno Counsellor Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia Thank you for providing us with a fantastic cybersecurity market intelligence report. The report was provided quickly and covers all the key areas that show an in-depth understanding of the market. The level of detail and coverage in the report is impressive. We have used the report to shape our global go-to-market value proposition, for a multi-billion dollar business unit. The feedback from the team has been really positive. It is wonderful to see regional teams building this market intelligence into their own presentations. This is proof in itself of the quality of the report. Thank you again. Letter of recommendation → Lawrence Roberts Senior Global Manager - Strategic Go-to-Market We purchased a study on the 'Bicycle Market' from Mordor Intelligence and based on our experience, are happy to recommend them to businesses looking for help with market research and strategic insights tailored to fit their needs. We found Mordor's team- research as well as sales, to be polite, professional, and knowledgeable. They were able to accurately comprehend our requirements and incorporate them in the substantially customized study that they did for us. The final product was easy to read and consume. It was clear that a lot of thought had gone into not just the research and the analysis, but also the presentation of all the data and information. We quite appreciate this! Letter of recommendation → Lidiya Chung Marketing research analyst Greenway Technology Co., Ltd. We purchased a study on ‘Global Bioplastic Market’ from Mordor Intelligence and are happy to recommend them to any business looking for market intelligence to aid in decision making. The team at Mordor Intelligence was professional and knowledgeable. They demonstrated a keen understanding of our needs and integrated them into the highly tailored research they conducted on our behalf. Letter of recommendation → Raissa Brigitta International Market Sales Our purchase of the report on "SOLAR TRACKER MARKET" from Mordor Intelligence was a remarkable experience. We are happy to recommend. We had a positive experience with their team, who were courteous, highly professional, and well-informed. They adeptly grasped our needs and seamlessly integrated them into the study they conducted for us. It was evident that significant effort had been invested not only in the research and analysis but also in the way all the data and information were presented. We genuinely value this attention to detail. Letter of recommendation → Nagabhushana Giri Premium Motion Pvt Ltd We used Mordor Intelligence’s Skincare research which focused on the skincare category. This gave us a view of current splits and growths, and a forecast of market sizes and growths. As a business we were able to use this information to plan around which categories were the best to focus on, based on long term growth. The research also gave us a lot of information on what competitors and brands are doing well, as well as what the global trends are with examples. The consumer behaviour analysis also gave some great insight as to how people are shopping and researching products in the skincare category. All in all the research has enabled us to make more informed business decisions. Letter of recommendation → Trish Erasmus Skincare Brand Manager I have been working with Mordor Intelligence for just over six months now and they have supported me in delivering intelligence and insights on the Transport Industry. I have been impressed with the quality of information and output they have delivered, they also value time and will deliver within a stipulated deadline. They are extremely competitively priced yet deliver high quality work, are extremely conscientious with what they deliver and will take on Board feedback to resolve any concerns, should they arise. I have been very satisfied with their work and the way they conduct business and can highly recommend them. Letter of recommendation → Anita Sharma Insights Manager Lazpiur recommends Mordor Intelligence as an elite market research company, due to the excellent study we purchased from them on a specific market related to the automotive industry. The aforementioned study has been very useful for a better understanding of the market and to define our internal strategy for the future. Letter of recommendation → Sales Department Tailor made solutions just for you. Our polygonal approach streamlines all research and addresses your specific needs. We provide you with customized, actionable market insights across geocentric and customer-centric markets. Talk To Our Analysts × Thank You! Please be sure to check your spam folder too. × Sorry Sorry! Payment Failed. Please check with your bank for further details. × Get a free sample of this report Name Please enter your name Business Email Please enter a valid email Phone Please enter your phone number GET SAMPLE TO EMAIL Loading... × Get a free sample of this report Business Email Please enter a valid email GET SAMPLE TO EMAIL Loading... LINKS Home Reports About Us Custom Research Our Clients Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy XML Site Map CONTACT 11th Floor, Rajapushpa Summit Nanakramguda Rd, Financial District, Gachibowli Hyderabad, Telangana - 500008 India +1 617-765-2493 [email protected] Media Inquiries: [email protected] JOIN US We are always looking to hire talented individuals with equal and extraordinary proportions of industry expertise, problem solving ability and inclination. Interested? Please email us. [email protected] CONNECT WITH US RIGHT NOW © 2024. All Rights Reserved to Mordor Intelligence. We use cookies for a better user experience Learn more about our privacy policy . Accept