Website Builder - Create a Free Website Today | Wix.com Skip to Main Content Creation Website Design Discover all the ways you can create and design your website on Wix. Website Templates Explore 800+ designer-made templates & start with the right one for you. Advanced Web Development Build web applications on Velo's open dev platform. Mobile App Build, customize and manage your website on the go. Hire a Professional Find a professional to help build, design and promote your site. Website Essentials Custom Domain Name Secure Web Hosting Logo Maker SEO Toolset Become a Partner Gain Partner benefits & scale your business. → Business eCommerce Website Sell products and manage fulfillment from one eCommerce platform. Service Businesses Manage bookings, payments, staff, and clients with our scheduling solution. Restaurants Display your menu and take orders & reservations online. Blog Website Share ideas with your audience and drive traffic to your website. Fitness Offer classes and manage your clients, bookings and payments online. Tools & Features Online Payments Multichannel Sales Point of Sale Analytics & Reports Business Tools Event Creation Resources All Features Find everything you need to build your site and run your business. Web Design Inspiration Get inspired by unique designs & powerful websites built on Wix. Wix Learn Take video courses & lessons and gain the skills you need to succeed online. Wix Blog Get business tips, online marketing guidance, and the latest website trends. Pricing Support Mobile App Wix Studio Enterprise English top of pageCreate a website without limitsWhat kind of website would you like to create?Online Store Portfolio Blog Consultant Service Business Restaurant Event Other Get Started Trusted by 250M+ users worldwide. One platform, infinite possibilitiesUnlimited creationCreate a website with a complete suite of advanced functionalities and bring your vision to life.Powerful infrastructureGet an enterprise-grade foundation, engineered for your limitless scalability and peace of mind.The place for growthConvert and scale seamlessly with built-in marketing and business solutions.Get StartedWebsite templates that set you up for successGet a headstart on your journey with 900+ free, customizable website templates, strategically researched and tailored for every industry — or start from a blank canvas on our website builder.Get StartedStore →Technology →Blog →Restaurant →Fashion →Portfolio →Business →Fitness →Store →Technology →Blog →Restaurant →Fashion →Portfolio →Business →Fitness →Store →Technology →Blog →Restaurant →Fashion →Portfolio →Business →Fitness →Store →Technology →Blog →Restaurant →Fashion →Portfolio →Business →Fitness →Build more than a websiteFrom selling online, starting a blog and organizing events to promoting your business and building your community, create a website that can grow with you.Get Started And create it your way- Smart drag and drop editor - 1000’s of advanced design capabilities - Custom domain, logo and more brand tools - Full-stack web dev tools for custom functionality - AI technology that creates a site for youGet StartedA website builder engineered for growthFaster loadingWix is designed for performance so your site loads faster.Built with SEO in mindGet the SEO capabilities you need to optimize your site for search visibility.Enterprise-grade securityWe keep your site and visitors’ data protected, 24/7.Resilient infrastructureMulti-cloud hosting ensures 99.9% uptime, even during traffic spikes.Accessible for everyoneMake your own website inclusive with built-in accessibility tools.Get StartedTake your business where it needs to goeCommerceSell online and manage your business with powerful eCommerce solutions.Create Your eCommerce Site Learn How BlogCreate a free blog, grow a loyal audience and monetize your content.Create Your Own Blog Learn How Scheduling softwareOffer your services and deliver a seamless booking experience for your clients.Add Your Service PortfolioIncrease your visibility and attract new clients with your work.Create Your Portfolio Domain and hostingGet scalable, free web hosting when you create your own website, and connect a professional domain name.Create a Site Branding toolsEstablish a strong brand identity with a customizable logo, color and text themes, and more. Learn More Drive traffic that convertsPromote your business and reach the right audience: - Complete SEO solution - AI-driven FB & IG Ads - Email campaigns - Social posts and moreGet StartedManage your business like a proCapture leads, get reports and insights, automate your business, and more from desktop or on the go from your phone with the Wix Owner app. Everything is synced for seamless management experience.Get Started ​Sign up for a free website builder. Choose what kind of website you want to create. ​Customize a template or get a website made for you. Choose your starting point. Drag and drop 1000s of design features. Add text, galleries, videos, vector art and more. ​Get ready for business. Add an online store, booking system, members area and blog. ​ Publish your website and go live. Start building your professional online presence. Drive traffic to your site. Use advanced SEO tools and integrated marketing solutions. How to create a website for freeFollow these 6 simple steps to create a website today.Get StartedLearn More Get inspired, gain new skills and see what’s trendingExplore the BlogHow to design a website in 2024 13 ways to monetize your website Online courses to get you started 15 Wix websites to inspire you Why the Wix website builder is the best choice for youWhen you create a website using our website builder, everything is there to build your business the way you want. Run it with total peace of mind knowing that there’s enterprise-grade infrastructure built into every site with free reliable web hosting, around-the-clock maintenance and fully managed security. Use our tailor-made, customizable templates and 1000s of design features to help bring your vision to life. You can also add your own code for total design control. Bring more people to your site and convert visitors with a wide range of built-in eCommerce and business solutions like SEO and marketing tools. Plus, you’ll always have the support you need with 24/7 customer care. You can start by creating a free website with Wix. Over 250 million people worldwide have chosen us to grow online. You can, too.Get StartedWe're here for youGet answersWatch tutorials and read detailed articles in the Wix Help Center.Go to Help Center Contact usGet support by chat or schedule a call with a Customer Care Expert.Chat with Us Hire a proGet help at any stage—from site creation to online growth.Browse All Services FAQsIs it easy to build a website? Show more Yes. Wix offers a few different ways to create your own free website, so you can choose the creation process that works best for you. Need to get online fast? Answer a few simple questions and Wix ADI (Artificial Design Intelligence) will build a website for you. If you want more website design freedom, you can choose from hundreds of customizable templates, or start your design from scratch with Wix’s drag-and-drop website builder.What types of websites can you build on Wix? Show more With our website creator, you have the freedom to design a site that perfectly fits your needs. You can build business websites for any industry with a whole host of different features. You can sell products with an online store, sell services and take bookings, share your thoughts on a blog, showcase your work with a beautiful portfolio, and much more. Our solutions are built not only for a variety of industries but also for businesses of all sizes, from a personal brand to an enterprise corporation.How do I create a website? Show more Here’s how to create your own website in 6 steps: Plan your website. First, think about the type of site you’re creating and your target audience. With that in mind, you can start mapping out the pages you want to incorporate like the “About” and “Contact” pages, perhaps a blog or a photo gallery, and a page for products or services. Choose a template. You can choose from a variety of fully functional templates, all professionally designed with the best site practices in mind. Browse the templates and select the one that best suits your needs, or start designing from a blank template. Customize your website. Once you’ve chosen a template, you can go in and customize every aspect of your site to match your brand. Add your products and services as well as your own text and images or even let our built-in AI tools generate them for you. Change the colors, fonts, and layouts, and dive into our advanced design features for unlimited creative freedom. Get a domain name. When trying to come up with the perfect domain name, you can use Wix to search and register available names, or connect an existing one to your new site. Optimize for search engines. Use a suite of advanced SEO tools to help you optimize your site and increase organic traffic. Publish and promote your website. Once you’re happy with your site, you’re ready to hit ‘publish’ and start gaining traffic. Now’s the time to promote your site through built in email marketing and social tools, and then start streamlining your customer management processes with a smart CRM system. By following these steps, you'll build a powerful online presence that drives business growth.Can I create a website without knowing how to code? Show more Absolutely. Our website creator is for everyone and makes it possible to create a high-quality website without knowing how to code. In the Wix Editor, you can drag and drop any feature you want and customize it to match the look and feel of your site. Of course, if you do know how to code, you can add advanced functionality to your site with Velo.Should I use a website builder or hire a web developer? Show more The free Wix website builder is intuitive to use. Looking for a specific web service? Explore the Wix Marketplace to find a certified freelancer or agency at a price that fits your budget.How do I build and host my site for free? Show more When you create a free website with Wix, you get reliable, scalable and free web hosting. All your web content will be stored on secure servers located around the world. So no matter where your visitors come from, your site will load fast.How can I make sure my data and my visitors’ data is secure? Show more At Wix, we take care of security for you. With every site you get enterprise-grade security. From threat prevention to real-time detection and rapid response, security is fully managed by our dedicated team of experts—24/7. This includes data encryption in transit using HTTPS, TLS 1.2+ and an automatic SSL certificate.How do I create a free website with a custom domain? Show more You can create a free website with Wix that comes with a Wix domain. To instantly look more professional online, get a custom domain name. It adds credibility to your brand and helps visitors find you online. You can start building your brand by using your domain in a custom email address (info@mystunningwebsite.com), your social channels, email marketing campaigns and more. For inspiration use our Business Name Generator.How can I optimize my site for SEO on Wix? Show more All Wix sites come with best-practice SEO defaults, including utilizing server-side rendering, customizable meta tags for all site pages, structured data markup, dynamic XML sitemaps, and more. Plus, you get a suite of built-in SEO tools to help you compete in organic search. Learn more.Is my site optimized for Core Web Vitals (CWV)? Show more Every new feature, component and element that we create is built with performance in mind, so no matter what type of business you have, you can create a high-performance website. Over the past year, we’ve managed to achieve dramatic improvements for CWV and increased the ratio of Wix sites in the Google CrUX report with good scores for all three CWV by over 10x. To learn more about how Wix prepared for CWV, check out this webinar we hosted with Google.Can I use a website builder to create a landing page? Show more Yes. You can create any kind of website with Wix. Explore beautiful HTML landing page templates in the landing page builder to get started.How can I design a logo for my website for free? Show more You can design your own logo for free with the intuitive Wix Logo Maker. Any logo you create is ready to go in high resolution for digital or print so your brand stays consistent.Tomorrow’s success starts today.Get Started bottom of page Product Website Templates Website Builder Website Design Wix Features App Market Web Hosting Domain Names Website Accessibility Mobile App Builder Solutions Online Store Online Booking Restaurant Website Blog Website Portfolio Website eCommerce Website Wix Studio Enterprise Solutions Student Website Professional Tools Logo Maker Learn Wix Blog Privacy and Security Hub SEO Learning Hub Wix Encyclopedia Support Help Center Hire a Professional Report Abuse System Status Company Press & Media Investor Relations Wix Capital Accessibility Statement Patent Notice Sitemap Careers The Wix website builder offers a complete solution from enterprise-grade infrastructure and business features to advanced SEO and marketing tools–enabling anyone to create and grow online. About Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2006-2024 Wix.com, Inc