Web Hosting - Fast Website Hosting & Free Domain • Brontobytes Client Area View Cart Toggle navigation Home Hosting Web Hosting Business Hosting VPS Hosting Divider Promotions Domain Names WHMCS Addons Blog Support Knowledge Base Contact Us Better Web Hosting, For You. Fully loaded web hosting, ideal for personal and business websites. Hosting For Every Website From personal to business, we've got you covered! Our advanced hosting solutions rival the best providers on the web in both price and performance. Web Hosting SSD Disk Space Affordable & Reliable 350+ 1-Click Apps As low as /mo Recommended for most small business and personal websites Get Started Now Business Hosting Server-level Performance Pure SSD Hosting Solution 10x Faster Page Loads As low as /mo Recommended for business websites that have outgrown web hosting Get Started Now VPS Hosting Dedicated Control Full Root Access Scalable Resources As low as USD $/mo Enjoy increased power, flexibility, and control for your websites Get Started Now Why Choose Brontobytes? Brontobytes has been providing hosting since 2004. We have grown to be a healthy and profitable company. We're here to stay! We'll be serving web sites as long as our customers want us to. We are committed to maintain a high quality standard. If for any reason we do not measure up to your expectations, our ToS includes 99.9992% Uptime Guarantee and 30 Day Money-Back Guarantee. Easy-to-use Control Panel We use the latest version of cPanel available and it’s packed with features! cPanel is thought by most web hosting clients to be the best control panel in the industry. With the use of cPanel, Add/Modify/Terminate aspects like Subdomains, Email accounts, MySQL databases, FTP account, and more, can be done with a simple click of a button. (Try cPanel Demo) Transferring From Another Host? Let us transfer your existing site for you. Our migrations team is standing by to transfer your existing cPanel account from your prior host and configure it to perform optimally on our platform. We are happy to transfer domain registrations as well, so you can manage your entire online portfolio in one convenient place! Brontobytes Guarantees With Brontobytes, you can feel confident that you will receiverock-solid hosting with the customer service you expect and deserve. World Class Hosting Including 99.9992% Uptime, Free Domain & SSL Great Support Quality Support on Chat & Ticket 30 Day Guarantee 30 Days Money-Back Guarantee Try us today — With our 30 day money-back guarantee, you can't go wrong! Get Started About Us — Providing web hosting since 2004Brontobytes will remain committed to providing highly reliable, secure, and super fast Web Hosting, Business Hosting, and VPS Hosting to customers worldwide — all with a price structure driven by value. Enjoy peace of mind knowing that our hosting services are backed by 99.9992% uptime, up to 30 days money-back guarantee, and chat & ticket support. Made in Cyprus and Canada. Quick Links Web Hosting On Sale Business Hosting VPS Hosting On Sale Domain Names WHMCS Addons Client Area Knowledge Base Affiliate Program Read our Blog Contact Us We're Social We Accept Copyright © 2004 to 2024 Brontobytes. All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2004 to 2024 Brontobytes.Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Refund Policy × Close Title Loading... Loading... Close Submit × Unlimited Disk Space & Bandwidth Our Web Hosting plans are designed to host most personal and small business web sites. We do not limit the amount of storage and bandwidth your site can use as long as it complies with our Terms & Conditions. It’s very rare that a website violates our Terms and is typically only seen in sites that use hosting for file sharing or storage.When signing up for this plan, we request that you read the following important information about what does unlimited disk space and bandwidth mean, to help you understand the terms you would be under. × Unlimited Bandwidth Our Business Hosting plans are designed to host most personal to medium-sized business web sites. We do not limit the amount of bandwidth your site can use as long as it complies with our Terms & Conditions. It’s very rare that a website violates our Terms and is typically only seen in sites that use hosting for file sharing or storage.When signing up for this plan, we request that you read the following important information about what does unlimited disk space and bandwidth mean, to help you understand the terms you would be under. × Free Domain Name & SSL Certificate Free Domain One Free .com, .net, .org, .info, .biz domain name registration or transfer for the initial year with purchase of a new 36-month hosting plan. After the first year, domains purchased through this offer will renew at the then-current renewal price. To see our Domain Pricing, click here.The domain name is your property, it is registered under your name and you have full control over it. Free SSL Certificates We are excited to offer free SSL Certificates (https://) for life for any domain hosted on Brontobytes. This brings the security and performance of modern encryption to every website we host and boost the ranking signal in search results. × Free Website Backups Backups Backups Backups! We understand how important it is to have backups for your website(s) and data as we also back up our own websites and data. Any Brontobytes Web Hosting or Business Hosting plan that you choose includes free daily, weekly, and monthly backups. We include both local on-site and Acronis Backup cloud off-site backups to ensure that, no matter what happens to our server, your websites will be safely backed up. You can also create your own backups in cPanel and download them to your computer for safekeeping. Brontobytes also restores your website for free! × Server Security Taking care of your data Having the right security for your website(s) and data is crucial. Any Brontobytes Web Hosting or Business Hosting plan that you choose includes free DDoS protection, firewall protection, malware & virus scanning, and automatic IP blocking to keep the bad guys and hackers out. You can also manually block IP addresses in your own cPanel. × Prices reflect discount on first term Brontobytes often offers promotions, coupons and special offers to customers during their initial term. Please note that special offers are limited-time promotional prices that are available to new customers and are valid for the Initial Term only, and not for successive or renewal periods. Promotional rates apply to Web & Business Hosting, SSD VPS Servers, Cloud Servers, Email Hosting at different rates and will automatically renew after the initial term at their regular corresponding rate. Promotions and rates are subject to change, at our discretion. VAT is not included in our advertised price and will be charged separately and itemized on invoices and billing information. For more information, please refer to the "Do I have to pay VAT?" knowledge base article. × More Server Resources Faster & better optimised Business Hosting plans have more liberated server resources compared to Web Hosting plans, which give your website the means to accept way more simultaneous traffic while being much faster than Web Hosting plans, even if you have a heavy website. Great for eCommerce! The higher your plan, the more server resources. This includes: - CPU Speed - Memory (RAM) - I/O - IOPS - EP - NPROC × Optimised PHP Performance PHP-FPM Get faster PHP performance compared to our Web Hosting plans. These Business Hosting plans include PHP-FPM optimisation for faster PHP performance. This means that your website will perform even faster. Note: If a website overuses resources, such as when using heavy scripts or bad coding, and causes crashes, PHP-FPM will be disabled for that account. × Mass email sending per hour Web Hosting plans You can send up to 80 emails per hour, whether transactional emails or newsletters. Make sure to set up any software that you have to respect that limit or your emails will delay. No spam and/or unsolicited emails allowed at any time. Business Hosting plans Depending on your plan, you can send up to 1000 emails per hour, whether transactional emails or newsletters. Make sure to set up any software that you have to respect that limit or your emails will delay. Prime Plan: 300 emails per hour (7,200/day). Premium Plan: 600 emails per hour (14,400/day). Enterprise Plan: 1000 emails per hour (24,000/day). No spam and/or unsolicited emails allowed at any time. × Money Back Guarantee: Worry Free Our money back guarantee takes all the pressure out of your hosting decision. We’re confident that once you take our services for a spin, you will be here to stay. If your SSD VPS hosting server experience isn’t everything you hoped it would be or if you are not fully satisfied for any reason, we will give you a refund right away for the unused days left in that month. This means that if you are a new client and you have used our VPS for 5 days out of your first month with us, and then request a cancellation, we would refund the amount equal to the remaining days of that month, e.g., ~25 days. In this business, our clients come first and we strive for your happiness! × Service Level Agreement (SLA) for VPS We guarantee that our network, data centre HVAC, and power will be functioning 99.9992% (for web hosting) and 99.9% (for VPS hosting) of the time on any given month, with the following exceptions: Any period prior to the problem being reported by you to our support team. Scheduled maintenance windows and emergency maintenance windows. Planned migrations. Server shutdown due to account suspension. Factors outside our control such as force majeure events (e.g. earthquake, fire, flood, etc.), failures of our upstream providers or of your Internet Service Provider. Software running with your virtual servers. Actions of third parties, such as server compromises, denial of service attacks and viruses. Violations of our Acceptable Usage Policy. User activity errors. If Brontobytes fails to meet the guarantee stated above, you can then claim for a credit of the following value: Two times (2x) the pro-rated rental for the downtime of the affected services, beyond the 99.9992% uptime guarantee. This will not exceed 100% of the monthly rental charge for the affected services in any given month. × Disk size Downgrade Please note that disk size downgrade will not be available for Windows and FreeBSD servers.