Tesla Motors Club Discussion Blog Hot New Questions Forums Tesla Model S Model 3 Model X Model Y Roadster 2008-2012 Roadster 202X Cybertruck SpaceX Groups Media Blog New Forum list Marketplace Vendor Directory New listings Full map Seller list Vendors View all Vendors Podcast Log in Register Search Search titles only By: Search Advanced search… Search titles only By: Search Advanced… More options Toggle sidebar Toggle sidebar Toggle width Share this page Share this page Share Facebook X (Twitter) Reddit Pinterest Tumblr WhatsApp Email Share Link Blog Hot New Questions Forums Tesla Model S Model 3 Model X Model Y Roadster 2008-2012 Roadster 202X Cybertruck SpaceX Groups Media Welcome to Tesla Motors Club Discuss Tesla's Model S, Model 3, Model X, Model Y, Cybertruck, Roadster and More. Register Menu Install the app Install Want to remove ads? Register an account and login to see fewer ads, and become a Supporting Member to remove almost all ads. JavaScript is disabled. For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding. You are using an out of date browser. It may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser. Blog Blog Hot New Questions Forum list Blog Hot New Questions Forum list 1 2 3 … Go to page Go 50 Next 1 of 50 Go to page Go Next Last Filters Show only: In forums: Tesla Vehicles Model S Model S: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model S: Driving Dynamics Model S: Battery & Charging Model S: User Interface Model S: Interior & Exterior Model 3 Model 3: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model 3: Driving Dynamics Model 3: Battery & Charging Model 3: User Interface Model 3: Interior & Exterior Model X Model X: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model X: Driving Dynamics Model X: Battery & Charging Model X: User Interface Model X: Interior & Exterior Model Y Model Y: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model Y: Driving Dynamics Model Y: Battery & Charging Model Y: User Interface Model Y: Interior & Exterior Roadster 2008-2012 Roadster: Technical Roadster: Performance Roadster 202X Semi Cybertruck Cybertruck: Ordering, Production, Delivery Cybertruck: Driving Dynamics Cybertruck: Battery & Charging Cybertruck: User Interface Cybertruck: Interior & Exterior Future Vehicles Tesla: Company, Tech, & Related Tesla, Inc. TSLA Investor Discussions AI, Autopilot, & Autonomous/FSD Software: Firmware Updates, Features, Tesla App Supercharging & Charging Infrastructure North America Europe Asia and Australia Battery Discussion Tesla Energy SpaceX The Boring Company Neuralink Tesla Ownership My Garage Road Trips Service / Maintenance Insurance Feature Requests Bug & Issue Reporting General Forum Electric Vehicles Electric Conversions Technical Energy, Environment, and Policy Cars and Transportation Off Topic Site Feedback & Announcements TMC Community Introductions TMC Podcast EVents TMC Connect Americas - Canada Canada Supercharger locations Hawaii Hawaii Supercharger locations Northwest Northwest Supercharger locations California California Supercharger locations Mountain/Southwest Mountain/Southwest Supercharger locations Texas Texas Supercharger locations Midwest/Great Lakes Midwest/Great Lakes Supercharger locations Southeast Southeast Supercharger locations Florida Florida Supercharger locations Mid-Atlantic Mid-Atlantic Supercharger locations New England New England Supercharger locations Brazil Mexico & (Spanish-speaking) Latin America Europe - The UK and Ireland France Belgium and the Netherlands Norway Germany, Austria, & Switzerland Turkey Denmark, Sweden, & Finland Iceland Spain & Portugal Italy Asia/Pacific - Australia New Zealand Hong Kong Singapore Japan South Korea China Taiwan United Arab Emirates & Jordan Israel Marketplace Tesla for Sale Model S Model 3 Model X Model Y Roadster Tesla Aftermarket Parts & Accessories Services Other Cars for Sale Want to Buy/Trade (legacy section) Post a Want to Buy/Trade Listing Unanswered content Order by: Promotion date Last post date Creation date Vote score First post reaction score Descending Ascending First Tesla: Model Y Performance 😮 C By covacure Promoted Yesterday at 5:17 PM The UK and Ireland 16 Replies So, took a test drive to help my friend get some referral points. Thought it’ll be a bit of fun, no intentions of buying. 24 hours later I placed the lease order and left my existing lease early… and here we are. I test drove the LR, but really wanted the performance mostly for aesthetics. But als... Read more... Reactions: MikeChicago, Gumball, DaveW and 8 others ••• More options Share View SpaceX F9 - Transporter 10 - SLC-4E By Grendal Promoted Yesterday at 5:16 PM SpaceX 6 Replies Launch Date: March 4 Launch Window: 2:05 pm PST (5:05 pm EST, 22:05 UTC) Launch site: SLC-4E, Vandenberg Space Force Base, California Core Booster Recovery: RTLS - LZ-4 Booster: B1081.5 Fairings: Reused Mass: Approx 5 metric tonnes Orbit: SSO - Polar LEO Yearly Launch Number: 21 A SpaceX Falcon 9 r... Read more... Reactions: scaesare ••• More options Share View SpaceX F9 - Starlink Group 6-41 - SLC-40 By Grendal Promoted Yesterday at 5:16 PM SpaceX 6 Replies Launch Date: March 4 Launch Window: 6:56 pm EST (3:56 pm PST, 23:56 UTC) Launch site: SLC-40, Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, CCSFS, Florida Core Booster Recovery: ASDS Booster: B1073.13 Fairings: Reused Mass: 24 Starlink 2.0 mini Satellites Orbit: LEO Yearly Launch Number: 23 A SpaceX Falcon 9... Read more... Reactions: scaesare ••• More options Share View Article Model 3 LR AWD - Two Year Snapshot R By Regaj Promoted Saturday at 1:32 PM Model 3: Battery & Charging 18 Replies A year ago I posted a one-year snapshot of my 2022 Long-Range AWD Model 3 ( Model 3 - One Year Later ). Now, with a second trip around the sun, here are some updated stats. [ATTACH type="full" alt="Tesla Model 3, ... Read more... Reactions: cpaull, Maxdriver, ran349 and 4 others ••• More options Share View Experience with Tesla Collision Repair S By seniorcitizen Promoted Saturday at 1:32 PM Service / Maintenance 6 Replies I have a 2021 Tesla Model Y. This past week I was backing out of my garage and one of the wheel wells touched the garage door. I was not going fast but there was some paint damage and black plastic liner around the wheel well came off. I contacted Tesla Collision and made an appointment. I uploaded ... Read more... ••• More options Share View Article My Tesla Model 3 Highland experience – 1000 kilometres and 2 weeks later (in Ireland) By ColR Promoted Friday at 3:45 PM Model 3 28 Replies So I have now driven 1000 kilometres in my two weeks of ownership so far of my Model 3 Highland. Not only is this my first Tesla, it’s also my first EV having owned a range of different high powered cars in the past, mainly BMW’s and rwd Japanese coupes. While this thread brings it down to basics, I... Read more... Reactions: MD70, Ebjt1905, Petermcg and 11 others ••• More options Share View Article All Black History Park Sites, 3LR Z By ZeroCTravel Promoted Friday at 3:44 PM Road Trips 3 Replies I have recently traveled in my blue 2022 Tesla 3LR to all the national park sites that are focused on black history. I know Black History Month just ended yesterday, but the park sites are open throughout the year. If you prefer the story version, you can read the [URL='https://zct.life/2024/02/... Read more... Reactions: motoolfan, laiod, questionmark and 3 others ••• More options Share View Article One Year in.... By EV1980 Promoted Friday at 3:43 PM The UK and Ireland 17 Replies On 1st March 2023 I proudly took delivery of my MY, with 14 miles and 39% battery. One year later it has covered 15,760 miles at an average of 224Wh/mi During that time the only issues I can recall have been: Picked up a slow puncture which required a new tyre after only 6 months. Re... Read more... Reactions: GRiLLA, TheShepherds, covacure and 11 others ••• More options Share View Tesla blesses other cars blocking two stalls due to short cord By bradtem Promoted Friday at 3:41 PM Supercharging & Charging Infrastructure 124 Replies I was surprised to see, now that Fords, and soon other cars, can use superchargers, that Tesla officially blesses cars parking in such a way as to occupy two supercharger stalls -- or even three! -- due to the short cords. They even show it in a graphic. (They warn them not to park diagonally, t... Read more... Reactions: hgmichna, HitchHiker71, bruce4000 and 3 others ••• More options Share View Article MS Facelift 2016.5 wind noise - Simple fix V By VTC32AMG Promoted Thursday at 2:36 PM Model S 16 Replies Hello, I have a 2016.5 model S, which had a lot of wind noise but I ended up fixing it in about 10 minutes and weather stripping from Amazon for 10 bucks. I starting having more wind noise as the original weatherstrip degraded overtime. The solution was quite simple. Weatherstrip with dual sided ... Read more... Reactions: maximizese ••• More options Share View Ford says owners can start using superchargers today (Feb 29) By kilpatds Promoted Thursday at 2:36 PM Supercharging & Charging Infrastructure 113 Replies I saw the Ford press release and went into the app to look under "charge my non Tesla" Now the Tesla app asks me to enter car details, including "do... Read more... Reactions: jsmay311, Rocky_H, KJD and 3 others ••• More options Share View Autopilot is useless on non-highway roads. By Handsome Jack Promoted Thursday at 2:34 PM AI, Autopilot, & Autonomous/FSD 18 Replies I've found that after a recent update, Autopilot has become useless on non-highway, two-lane roads. With the update, Tesla learned how to read speed limits and enforces a maximum Autopilot speed of +10 km/h (6.2 miles per hour). The problem is that it reads a 30 km/h (18.6 miles per hour) sign bef... Read more... Reactions: emmz0r, melmalinowski, elddum and 1 other person ••• More options Share View Impulse and Relativity announce proposal for joint Mars landing mission By ecarfan Promoted Thursday at 2:34 PM SpaceX 4 Replies I searched this forum and could not find a mention of this announcement from July 2022, and I think this deserves its own thread. While it is in part about Impulse Space, the current discussion about that company is in the Space Tug thread and this is very different. [URL='https://spacene...​ Read more... Reactions: vermell, Grendal and scaesare ••• More options Share View Article MSLR 2023 Winter and Hill Driving Review S By suraj1194 Promoted Wednesday at 6:08 PM Model S 2 Replies Drove from the Bay Area to Lake Tahoe this past ski week with the family and 2 small/medium size dogs and a bunch of cold weather gear (sleds etc). Here's a quick review of the experience. tl;dr - the car did extremely well with both hill driving to altitude (8200ft) and weather (15 degree weather,... Read more... Reactions: geminus, CDrury and DrIlyich ••• More options Share View Just drove the cyber truck and it’s amazing By Brycesail Promoted Wednesday at 6:05 PM Cybertruck 0 Replies Just drove one of the first cyber trucks in Florida. Took me a few days to gather my thoughts and finish my YouTube video. Please let me know what you think. ... Read more... Reactions: Atomadam and scottf200 ••• More options Share View Article SpaceX F9 - Starlink Group 6-40 - SLC-40 By Grendal Promoted Wednesday at 6:03 PM SpaceX 1 Replies Launch Date: February 29 Launch Window: 10:30:00AM EST (7:30:00AM PST, 15:30:00 UTC) Launch site: SLC-40, Cape Canaveral Space Force Station, CCSFS, Florida Core Booster Recovery: ASDS Booster: B1076.11 Fairings: Reused Mass: 24 Starlink 2.0 mini Satellites Orbit: LEO Yearly Launch Number: 19 A Spa... Read more... Reactions: petit_bateau ••• More options Share View finally brought it home! By Atomadam Promoted Feb 26, 2024 Cybertruck: Ordering, Production, Delivery 22 Replies Finally able to get my hands on it to drive home. It's a monster of a vehicle and oddly enough the 1st time ive seen one in person. Extremely happy with the way it drives, the steer by wire takes a little bit to get used to but I understand ... Read more... Reactions: Sambub, Yelobird, El joe and 13 others ••• More options Share View Article Late winter California Road Trip, 2024 By vanjwilson Promoted Feb 26, 2024 Road Trips 19 Replies Day 1 Once again, I miscalculated how much vacation I carried over from last year, and have to use a week before the end of March or lose it. So, I used airline miles to buy a ticket to LAX and scheduled a rental Model Y LR. (I wanted a Model 3 LR, but there were none available to reserve for the d... Read more... Reactions: Tinkerin, 365gtb4, bruce4000 and 5 others ••• More options Share View Model 3 Highland Performance/Ludicrous Spotted T By Temper Tantrum Promoted Feb 26, 2024 The UK and Ireland 16 Replies Has a 'Ludicrous' badge on the back. New rear spoiler, front spoiler, looks lower, new wheels, different brake set up, sports seats, and I'd guess at a 0 -60 of around 2.5 ish seconds. I'll be all over this when it comes out. Although not sold on the wheels but i'd imagine there will be options on ... Read more... Reactions: AS9.9., boombap, SteelmanMFC and 4 others ••• More options Share View Washington State Vehicle Sales P By Poiu Promoted Feb 26, 2024 Northwest 0 Replies [ Creating one thread for all updates and discussion going forward. ] January 2024 Summary: A strong month for all vehicle sales, with 15% increase in sales compared to December 2023 – 24,691 compared to 21,477 vehicles. An 18% increase compared to Jan’23 (20,984) ... Read more... Reactions: supergeek, AS9.9., PLUS EV and 4 others ••• More options Share View Article Does the Cybertruck rust? | Tesla Motors Club Podcast #60 By doug Promoted Feb 25, 2024 TMC Podcast 2 Replies Co-hosts- Louis: @nebusoft Mike: @SteelClouds Doug: @doug Producers- Adam: @ElectricAve84 James: @scrapps Daniel: @danny Social- Twitter: https://twitter.com/TeslaMotorsClub F... Read more... ••• More options Share View Article All Civil War Park Sites, 3LR Z By ZeroCTravel Promoted Feb 23, 2024 Road Trips 6 Replies As you may know, the National Park Service has a lot of Civil War sites. I believe I have been to all the official battle sites in my Long Range Tesla 3, and I arranged them below into a chronological narrative of the war. This is cross-posted from my ad-free Zero Carbon Travel blog, and each link... Read more... Reactions: Mr.S3XY, pinolero, brianbcc and 2 others ••• More options Share View Idaho to Montana and back in the Winterish, YLR - First Road Trip 1,100 miles in three days C By CalypsoCowboy Promoted Feb 23, 2024 Road Trips 19 Replies This was my first long road trip in our 2023 MYLR since we purchased her in December. We started in Boise, ID and drove to Helena, MT and back over three days, about 1100 total miles. A few things to preface this trip. We took the freeway the entire way as we have always done that in the past and w... Read more... Reactions: DuncanM, Solar Windman, bruce4000 and 5 others ••• More options Share View Article Electric new sales S-Curve G By gm12 Promoted Feb 22, 2024 Australia 23 Replies Ive been seeing a lot of analysis that the transition from ICE to Electric cars will take on a S-Curve shape, and 5% EV sales is the tipping point to join the S-Curve, but none of those graphs ever have any X axis... like how many years does the S curve take. Does it need consistent subsidies per ... Read more... Reactions: Yx05, elddum, gazpachopolice and 19 others ••• More options Share View New Model Y Owner! By in2zion Promoted Feb 22, 2024 Model Y: Interior & Exterior 20 Replies Glad to join the TMC community! This is my first official post here. Learned so much from other members and got so many good ideas! Thank you. Someone on the forum shared about the $1 DIY front license plate holder; it was perfect! I will be moving to a new state that doesn't require front plates ... Read more... Reactions: shawnbj, JHCCAZ, kpanda17 and 11 others ••• More options Share View Load more 1 2 3 … Go to page Go 50 Next 1 of 50 Go to page Go Next Last Filter In forums: Tesla Vehicles Model S Model S: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model S: Driving Dynamics Model S: Battery & Charging Model S: User Interface Model S: Interior & Exterior Model 3 Model 3: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model 3: Driving Dynamics Model 3: Battery & Charging Model 3: User Interface Model 3: Interior & Exterior Model X Model X: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model X: Driving Dynamics Model X: Battery & Charging Model X: User Interface Model X: Interior & Exterior Model Y Model Y: Ordering, Production, Delivery Model Y: Driving Dynamics Model Y: Battery & Charging Model Y: User Interface Model Y: Interior & Exterior Roadster 2008-2012 Roadster: Technical Roadster: Performance Roadster 202X Semi Cybertruck Cybertruck: Ordering, Production, Delivery Cybertruck: Driving Dynamics Cybertruck: Battery & Charging Cybertruck: User Interface Cybertruck: Interior & Exterior Future Vehicles Tesla: Company, Tech, & Related Tesla, Inc. TSLA Investor Discussions AI, Autopilot, & Autonomous/FSD Software: Firmware Updates, Features, Tesla App Supercharging & Charging Infrastructure North America Europe Asia and Australia Battery Discussion Tesla Energy SpaceX The Boring Company Neuralink Tesla Ownership My Garage Road Trips Service / Maintenance Insurance Feature Requests Bug & Issue Reporting General Forum Electric Vehicles Electric Conversions Technical Energy, Environment, and Policy Cars and Transportation Off Topic Site Feedback & Announcements TMC Community Introductions TMC Podcast EVents TMC Connect Americas - Canada Canada Supercharger locations Hawaii Hawaii Supercharger locations Northwest Northwest Supercharger locations California California Supercharger locations Mountain/Southwest Mountain/Southwest Supercharger locations Texas Texas Supercharger locations Midwest/Great Lakes Midwest/Great Lakes Supercharger locations Southeast Southeast Supercharger locations Florida Florida Supercharger locations Mid-Atlantic Mid-Atlantic Supercharger locations New England New England Supercharger locations Brazil Mexico & (Spanish-speaking) Latin America Europe - The UK and Ireland France Belgium and the Netherlands Norway Germany, Austria, & Switzerland Turkey Denmark, Sweden, & Finland Iceland Spain & Portugal Italy Asia/Pacific - Australia New Zealand Hong Kong Singapore Japan South Korea China Taiwan United Arab Emirates & Jordan Israel Marketplace Tesla for Sale Model S Model 3 Model X Model Y Roadster Tesla Aftermarket Parts & Accessories Services Other Cars for Sale Want to Buy/Trade (legacy section) Post a Want to Buy/Trade Listing Unanswered content Order by: Promotion date Last post date Creation date Vote score First post reaction score Descending Ascending Log in Your name or email address Password Forgot your password? Stay logged in or Log in using Facebook Twitter Google Microsoft Sign in with Apple Log in Latest marketplace listings D For sale Brand New 20" Cyberstream Wheels with Tires from 2024 Model X Someone PLEASE take these out of my garage! Darkwing1 Updated: Today at 8:51 AM Expires Apr 4, 2024 For sale Found these in case you need one for power https://www.oreillyauto.com/flux-500.html?q=121g lynnpt2001 Updated: Today at 4:49 AM Expires Apr 4, 2024 For sale Signature Wall Connector Ver2 New in box wall connector, the signed version 2 80amp Pbaker Updated: Yesterday at 9:03 PM Expires Apr 3, 2024 N For sale W2bodykits REAR DIFFUSER FOR TESLA MODEL Y 2020-2024 https://w2bodykits.com/products/w2-rear-diffuser-for-tesla-model-y-2017-2023?_pos=9&_sid=719733fe... nthn2do Updated: Yesterday at 8:15 PM Expires Apr 3, 2024 C For sale 20” OEM Tesla 2023 Model 3 Uberturbine Wheels + Center Caps + TPMS, OEM Pirellis Essentially brand new OEM 20” Uberturbine wheels with center caps and TPMS with OEM Pirelli... ctoo Updated: Yesterday at 5:30 PM Expires Apr 3, 2024 Follow us YouTube Twitter Facebook Instagram TikTok Spotify Podcast Meta Contact Us Advertise with Us Become a Vendor Terms of Service Privacy Policy DMCA Notice Forum Rules Help/Tutorials Getting Started Forums and Threads Feeds Marketplace Web App and Push Notifications Additional Features BB Codes Supporting Members Do you value your experience at TMC? Consider becoming a Supporting Member of Tesla Motors Club. As a thank you for your contribution, you'll get nearly no ads. Additional perks are available depending on the level of contribution. Please visit the Account Upgrades page for more details: SUPPORT TMC About Us Formed in 2006, Tesla Motors Club (TMC) was the first independent online Tesla community. Today it remains the largest and most dynamic community of Tesla enthusiasts. Learn more. TMC 2022 Contact us Terms of service Privacy policy Help RSS Copyright © 2006-2024 Tesla Motors Club LLC. All rights reserved. When you make purchases through links that you find on this site, we may earn an affiliate commission, which supports our team and operations. Tesla Motors Club LLC (TMC) is an independent enthusiast organization and is not affiliated with Tesla Motors, Inc. or its subsidiaries. TESLA, TESLA MOTORS, TESLA ROADSTER, MODEL S, MODEL X, and the “TESLA,” “T” and “TESLA and T in Crest” designs are trademarks or registered trademarks of Tesla Motors, Inc. in the United States and other countries. Top Back Blog New Forum list Marketplace Menu