USDA ERS - Home Skip to navigation Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( LockA locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Economic Research Service U.S. Department of Agriculture Menu Home Topics Topics Animal Products Crops Farm Bill Farm Economy Farm Practices & Management Food & Nutrition Assistance Food Choices & Health Food Markets & Prices Food Safety International Markets & U.S. Trade Natural Resources & Environment Rural Economy & Population Data Products Data Products View by Topic: Animal Products Crops Farm Economy Farm Practices & Management Food & Nutrition Assistance Food Choices & Health Food Markets & Prices Food Safety International Markets & U.S. Trade Natural Resources & Environment Rural Economy & Population Publications Publications View by Topic: Animal Products Crops Farm Economy Farm Practices & Management Food & Nutrition Assistance Food Choices & Health Food Markets & Prices Food Safety International Markets & U.S. Trade Natural Resources & Environment Rural Economy & Population Newsroom Newsroom Contact ERS Press Office Trending Topics Multimedia Calendar Calendar Today's Releases This Month's Releases Next Month's Releases Amber Waves Magazine Amber Waves Magazine Amber Waves Home All Articles About ERS Careers at ERS FAQs Contact Us Search small Search World Agricultural Production, Resource Use, and Productivity, 1961–2020 This report documents the evolution of agricultural production and resources, providing insights into worldwide shifting patterns Agricultural Exchange Rate Data Set A source of information on real and nominal exchange rates for select U.S. trading partners and agricultural commodities Outlook for U.S. Agricultural Trade: February 2024 Quarterly USDA forecasts for U.S. agricultural trade in fiscal year 2024 are presented and discussed Analysis of the Effect of Sunsetting Tax Provisions for Family Farm Households Evaluates the impact of expired and expiring Federal income and estate tax policies on the financial well-being of farm households International Agricultural Projections Provides information on the supply, demand, and trade projections for major agricultural commodities for select countries/regions The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Background, trends, and economic issues, 2024 edition Reports Data Charts Maps World Agricultural Production, Resource Use, and Productivity, 1961–2020 An Analysis of the Effect of Sunsetting Tax Provisions for Family Farm Households The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC): Background, Trends, and Economic Issues, 2024 Edition Selected Charts from Ag and Food Statistics: Charting the Essentials, 2024 Amber Waves: 2023 Year in Review See more Vegetables and Pulses Yearbook Tables Yearbook tables contain a time series of annual per capita supply and use data for fresh and processed vegetables and for dry pulse crops. Included are U.S. production, exports, imports, per capita utilization, and prices. Food Price Outlook The Food Price Outlook provides food price data and forecasts changes in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) and Producer Price Index (PPI) for food. State Fact Sheets Information on population, income, poverty, food security, education, employment, farm indicators, top commodities, and more. The State Fact Sheets were updated February 7, 2024 to revise farm financial indicators and top commodities estimates. See more Charts of Note Distributed Monday–Friday to highlight charts of interest from our current and past research. Ag and Food Statistics: Charting the Essentials The basics on food, farming, and rural America, in a collection of 70 charts and maps. Data Visualizations Explore interactive graphs, charts and maps. See more Atlas of Rural and Small-Town America View the diversity of challenges and opportunities across counties in the United States. The Food Access Research Atlas Users can create maps showing food access indicators by census tract using different measures and indicators of supermarket accessibility, such as income, distance, and vehicle availability. The Food Environment Atlas: An Update View factors that interact to influence food choice and diet quality across U.S. States and counties. See more Navigate to the Amber Waves Magazine overview page ERS Research Models Future Effects of Climate Change on Corn and Soybean Yields, Production, and Exports Net Migration Spurs Renewed Growth in Rural Areas of the United States U.S. Pork Exports Projected to Surpass Chicken in the Next Decade Farm Size, Specialization Are Among Factors Influencing Financial Performance of African-American Farms in the United States New Survey Data Show Online Grocery Shopping Prevalence and Frequency in the United States See more Food Environment Atlas Use this tool to map community access to affordable, healthy food. Food Access Research Atlas Create maps using several options to describe food access. Visualizing ERS Data Explore one or more of ERS’ new interactive data visualizations. ERS COVID-19 Resources Review economic implications for agriculture, food, and rural America. Recent Outlook Reports Outlook for U.S. Agricultural Trade: February 2024 USDA Agricultural Projections to 2033 Sugar and Sweeteners Outlook: February 2024 Livestock, Dairy, and Poultry Outlook: February 2024 Feed Outlook: February 2024 Wheat Outlook: February 2024 Oil Crops Outlook: February 2024 New Releases and Events Research Spotlight Rural America at a Glance: 2023 Edition U.S. Organic Production, Markets, Consumers, and Policy, 2000–21 The Food and Nutrition Assistance Landscape: Fiscal Year 2022 Annual Report Recent Farm Bill-Related Research Farm Sector Income & Finances Last updated: Thursday, February 29, 2024 For more information, contact: Website Administrator Return to top ERS Links ERS Home Accessibility Careers Contact Us E-Mail Updates Help Information Quality Site Map Privacy Policy & Non-Discrimination Statement USDA Links FOIA Plain Writing Report Fraud USDA.gov USA.gov White House.gov Sign Up for Updates Subscribe Economic Research Service U.S. Department of Agriculture