azcentral.com and The Arizona Republic: Phoenix and Arizona newsLocal Sports Things To Do Best of the Desert Politics Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals Strategies to reduce heat deaths split Phoenix councilFormer exec involved in banking scandal sells house for $7.8MWrongful death cases settled with Prescott nursing home Gov. Hobbs vetoes GOP-backed 'Arizona Border Invasion Act'36 new restaurants are now open in metro PhoenixJust announced: ASU Gammage 2024-25 Broadway seasonHow to get into an Arizona university without applying Bahar Anooshahr Duane Rankin Stacey Barchenger Kari Lake was paid $15,000 last year to talk to… How Mesa cops helped take down couple accused in fraud… Supreme Court keeps Trump on Colorado ballot. But some… Human remains found south of Payson along SR 87 The Briefing: UA president breaks down budget crisis Legislation aims to steepen penalties against sober… Vice President Kamala Harris is coming to Phoenix Payton NFL award winner's nonprofit is rebuilding Why blacklisting companies over guns will backfire Why this iconic Sedona hiking trail is closing Phoenix is a data center hub housing 'all major players' Trump mixes up Biden and Obama. That should trouble you The Crossword Obituaries eNewspaper Falla propuesta antiinmigrante en Arizona Rubén Gallego pide un 'alto el fuego' en Gaza El proceso por la herencia de Joan Sebastian continúa More in La Voz Human remains found south of Payson along SR 87 Phoenix Union hit with lawsuit over student drowning These Bisbee businesses were damaged by devastating fire More in Local Sources: Booker could miss up to two weeks with injury DBacks’ Gabriel Moreno looks to power up after breakout season Pfaadt improves in 2nd spring start; DBacks fall to White Sox More in Sports Just announced: ASU Gammage 2024-25 Broadway season Who does Joey end up with? ‘The Bachelor’ Episode 8 How to get Kanye listening party tickets in in Phoenix More in Things To Do Why this iconic Sedona hiking trail is closing Biggest airfare bargains from Phoenix in March 2024 Where Frontier's new $19 flight will fly from Phoenix More in Travel Chrome browser slow or glitchy? Try these tips Phoenix is a data center hub housing 'all major players' Former exec involved in banking scandal sells house for $7.8M More in Business Gov. Hobbs vetoes GOP-backed 'Arizona Border Invasion Act' Hobbs directs COVID relief funds to cut medical debt for Arizonans Ruben Gallego sides with White House in calling for ceasefire in Gaza More in Politics Transform your backyard and save $1,700 on a Hanso Home pergola today 10 best Amazon deals on Waterpik, Keurig, and Apple Discover Samsung is back with up to 38% off top-rated tech and appliances More in Reviewed When does the last episode of 'Love is Blind' Season 6 come out? What is inflation, what causes it, and what is hyperinflation? Who won the Powerball? See winning numbers from March 4 drawing More in TrendingVote Today! Vote Every Week! Contests More in ContestsSuns' Booker expected to miss multiple games, sources say Attorneys grill expert witness ahead of Nogales rancher murder trial NYC murder suspect to stay in AZ Phoenix Union hit with lawsuit over student drowning Kari Lake opposes birthright citizenship for kids of migrants UA president to take 10% pay cut, lose bonuses Ruben Gallego sides with White House in calling for ceasefire in Gaza How a TikTok star rated metro Phoenix tacos and fry bread Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your Privacy ChoicesContact Us Support Local Businesses Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Promote your Event Buy and Sell Help Center azcentral Store Licensing & Reprints Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give FeedbackSubscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook X eNewspaper ArchivesJobs Cars Homes Classifieds Education Reviewed 10Best LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions© 2024 www.azcentral.com. All rights reserved.