Latest Minnesota news, weather, and sports. All Sections SEARCH Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Log In Welcome, User Manage Account Saved articles eEdition Support Subscribe Log Out Support eEdition Subscribe 28° Forecast Traffic Star Tribune Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Things To Do Jobs Home All Sections StarTribune Log In Welcome, User Manage Account Saved articles eEdition Support Subscribe Log Out Subscribe Recently Visited Subscriber Features Saved Articles Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Minnesota's Best Sports Betting Classifieds Jobs Coronavirus Minneapolis St. Paul Duluth St. Cloud Rochester East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Local Columnists James Lileks Jennifer Brooks State Fair Curious Minnesota Twins Minnesota Vikings Wild Wolves Loons Lynx Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Hall of Fame Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings Gophers Basketball Gophers Football Gophers Hockey The Lynx Beat Preps Insider The Olympics Randball StribSports Upload The Twins Beat The United Beat The Wild Beat The Wolves Beat Top Workplaces Agriculture Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Opinion Exchange Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion/Election New Voices Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Inspired Style Taste The Good Life Things To Do Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Winners Nominations Voting About Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Public Notices Recreational Vehicles & Marina Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Ramsey County public defender, ex-assistant attorney general resigns in fallout of sexual abuse charges He was accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Cook, Ramsey and Washington counties and won't serve prison time. Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Local 7,500 more Minnesotans sought permits to carry guns in 2023, 1% were denied, BCA report says Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Gun in Burnsville killings was bought through 'straw purchase,' shop owner says Local Bill would transfer vast tract of Minnesota-owned woodlands back to White Earth tribe Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Nation Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Local Charge: Former St. Paul cop set fire to building that houses his restaurant Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles More Top Headlines Mother: Young woman from Chaska killed in Chicago mass shooting aspired to be paramedic March 4 Hagen Burrows of Minnetonka is the boys hockey Metro Player of the Year March 4 Cloquet shooter on meth, dealing with 'monsters' when he killed strangers, self at Super 8 hotel March 4 Man, 58, shot to death in south Minneapolis is identified March 4 Star Tribune, Star Tribune Donald Trump appeared on a local conservative radio show Monday, one day before Minnesota's presidential primary. Donald Trump falsely claims he won Minnesota in 2020, then contradicts himself He told a Minnesota talk radio station Monday that he's going to give winning the state a "big shot" this fall. Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Live Poll: Will you vote on Super Tuesday? Everything you need to know to cast your ballot in Minnesota's presidential primary Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack Sports Gobert's nearly perfect game leads ramshackle Wolves past Portland 12:06am Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles D'Angelo Russell scores 26 points, leads surging Lakers past West-leading Thunder 116-104 Variety Comedian Richard Lewis laid to rest in Roseville Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Business Mille Lacs Band building large cannabis growing facility on tribal land Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Osseo could be the first to open a city-run dispensary next year Sports Injuries, slams, slumps and ovations: Buxton on his wayward 2023 season Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Twins' Opening Day roster already pretty much set — health permitting Local Uber and Lyft up pressure campaign as Minneapolis City Council moves ahead with driver pay raise Save Tap the bookmark to save this article. View saved articles Minnesota drivers say economics of Uber, Lyft don't add up Opinion Why voting matters on Super Tuesday The choices made in presidential primary in Minnesota and other states will say much about the November election. Counterpoint: From an urban-planning perspective, 2040 dispute is mystifying, worrisome Editorial cartoon: SCOTUS takes on Trump's case Sports Gobert's nearly perfect game leads ramshackle Wolves past Portland Injuries, slams, slumps and ovations: Buxton on his wayward 2023 season Who made the boys hockey All-Metro teams? Our best 26 players. Local Stuck in jail: Minnesotans with mental illness languish in lockup Stillwater to notify residents of PFAS contamination Lake Street nonprofit opens shiny new classrooms for trades-interested students Business 4,000 janitors went on strike Monday, and about 1,000 nursing home workers plan the same on Tuesday Xcel says big reason it needs to spend millions on new projects is regional grid's reliability risks CHS buys back its headquarters building in Inver Grove Heights Variety Radio vet Brian Oake talks about his surprise firing, and his Cities 97.1 bosses have no explanation Review: Red Eye's 'Vastness' captures life and death with emotion, TikTok trends and classical styles North is a new real estate and lifestyle magazine for Duluth Today's Video https://www.startribune.com U.S. military video shows aid dropped over Gaza 01:13 The US Department of Defense released footage Saturday showing a US Air Force C-130J Super Hercules aircraft conducting airdrop operations over Gaza. Now Playing U.S. military video shows aid dropped over ... Now Playing Lives of fallen Burnsville police and firefighter ... Now Playing Last Call at service honors fallen first ... Now Playing Arlington shipwreck discovery The Latest Donald Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses, adding to victories going into Super Tuesday 10:00 PM 7,500 more Minnesotans sought permits to carry guns in 2023, 1% were denied, BCA report says 8:25 PM Why Twins' Pablo López isn't worried about Matt Olson's 'like 600' foot home run 7:12 PM Successful football coach Matt Lombardi leaving Maple Grove after 14 years 7:04 PM North is a new real estate and lifestyle magazine for Duluth 8:33 PM Vikings doing their homework on NFL Draft's top defensive linemen 6:06 PM Bill would transfer vast tract of Minnesota-owned woodlands back to White Earth tribe 6:00 PM Prep Athletes of the Week: Breck/Blake's Andrew Colgan progressed from heart procedure to championship 5:24 PM Donald Trump falsely claims he won Minnesota in 2020, then contradicts himself 5:23 PM Mother: Young woman from Chaska killed in Chicago mass shooting aspired to be paramedic 4:30 PM Looks like mild temps ahead for most of March 4:25 PM Hagen Burrows of Minnetonka is the boys hockey Metro Player of the Year 5:42 PM Ramsey County public defender and former assistant attorney general resigns in fallout of sexual abuse charges 3:52 PM From walleye to drum, more species eligible for catch-and-release state records 3:49 PM Uber, Lyft increase threats to leave Minneapolis over driver pay raise 4:35 PM Lake Street nonprofit opens shiny new classrooms for trades-interested students 3:37 PM 4,000 janitors went on strike Monday, and about 1,000 nursing home workers plan the same on Tuesday 3:36 PM Carlos Santana, Ryan Jeffers, Willi Castro hit home runs as Twins sweep split-squad Monday 9:28 PM Tribe-owned Mille Lacs Corporate Ventures building marijuana grow facility in Minnesota 2:44 PM Shuttered Stillwater well tests positive for unsafe levels of PFAS, will remain closed 2:26 PM Most Read Comedian Richard Lewis laid to rest in Roseville • TV & Media Ramsey County public defender, ex-assistant attorney general resigns in fallout of sexual abuse charges • Local Donald Trump falsely claims he won Minnesota in 2020, then contradicts himself • Politics Radio vet Brian Oake talks about his surprise firing, and his Cities 97.1 bosses have no explanation • Music After losing 60 pounds, Minn. woman wants to shed the meds • Local Follow Us On Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Most Emailed Comedian Richard Lewis laid to rest in Roseville • TV & Media Latest Minnesota news, weather, and sports. Your trusted source for Minnesota news today. Read articles, view photos, or watch videos about news in Minneapolis, St. Paul, Twin Cities Metro areas, St. Cloud, Rochester, and beyond. The Star Tribune is committed to provide more of what matters to Minnesotans. All day. Every day. StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Subscribe today Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education Minnesota's Best High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Policies and Standards Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Text to Speech Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2024 StarTribune. All rights reserved. ✕ Claim your offer here Best Value $249.08 $129 for 1 year $19.16 $2 for 4 weeks Subscribe today Subscribe today Already Subscribed? Log In ? This is a continuous service subscription that will automatically renew at the next rate after your initial rate and term shown here. After that term, your next rate is $3.79/week, billed in 13 week increments. Full terms and conditions presented prior to checkout. Cancel at any time. This is a continuous service subscription that will automatically renew at the next rate after your initial rate and term shown here. After that term, your next rate is $3.79/week, billed in 13 week increments. Full terms and conditions presented prior to checkout. Cancel at any time.