International Finance Corporation (IFC) Skip to Main Navigation Disclosures Insights & Reports News Global language toggler English English عربي Français 日本語 Who We Are Who We Are IFC is the largest global development institution focused on the private sector in developing countries. By encouraging growth, IFC advances economic development, creates jobs and improves the lives of people. More About Us About IFC Our Leadership Development Partners Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Accountability Learn more about accountability IFC's Annual Report 2023 Download the Report What We Do What We Do IFC advances economic development and improves the lives of people by encouraging the growth of the private sector in developing countries. We achieve this by investing in impactful projects, mobilizing other investors, and sharing expertise. What We Do Overview SOLUTIONS Our products and services OUR PRIORITIES Gender Climate Business Fragile & Conflict Afflicted Situations Sustainability SECTORS & EXPERTISE Agribusiness & Forestry Creative Industries Education Financial Institutions Funds Health Infrastructure Manufacturing Public-Private Partnerships Tourism, Retail & Property Venture Capital Working Upstream Where We Work Where We Work As the largest global development institution focused on the private sector, IFC operates in more than 100 countries around the globe. We apply lessons learned in one region to solve problems in another. Overview By Region East Asia & Pacific Europe Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East, Central Asia, Türkiye, Afghanistan, and Pakistan South Asia Africa Our Impact Our Impact Our impact improves lives. IFC brings a clear set of advantages to the world’s most challenging markets. Including a history of innovation, a global mandate, and a determination to achieve measurable development impact. Our Impact Overview PRINCIPLES & MEASUREMENT Impact Investing at IFC Measuring & Monitoring (AIMM) Evaluation Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Work With Us Work With Us Owned by 186 member countries and consistently rated AAA/Aaa. IFC aims to achieve our mission of promoting development by providing debt and equity to the private sector, through a range of benchmark and bespoke products. Information For Partners Investors Governments CSOs/NGOs Get in Touch Apply for Financing IFC Careers General Inquiries global Search dropdown Search ifc.org Global language toggler English English عربي Français 日本語 Global Search Search button Who We Are Back Who We Are More About Us About IFC Our Leadership Development Partners Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Accountability Learn more about accountability IFC's Annual Report 2023 Download the Report What We Do Back What We Do What We Do Overview View all projects SOLUTIONS Our products and services OUR PRIORITIES Gender Climate Business Fragile & Conflict Afflicted Situations Sustainability SECTORS & EXPERTISE Agribusiness & Forestry Creative Industries Education Financial Institutions Funds Health Infrastructure Manufacturing Public-Private Partnerships Tourism, Retail & Property Venture Capital Working Upstream Where We Work Back Where We Work Overview By Region East Asia & Pacific Europe Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East, Central Asia, Türkiye, Afghanistan, and Pakistan South Asia Africa Our Impact Back Our Impact Our Impact Overview PRINCIPLES & MEASUREMENT Impact Investing at IFC Measuring & Monitoring (AIMM) Evaluation Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Disclosures Insights & Reports News Work with us On selection, leaving this page Work With Us Partners Investors Governments CSOs/NGOs Story Meet the Women Sowing Senegal's Future Women in the country are reinventing rice farming techniques to confront climate change and ensure food security. Through entrepreneurship and activism, they are reinventing themselves, too. Learn More The Latest from IFC 5 Lessons from an Accidental Activist When Korka Diaw started growing rice, she never imagined she'd become an advocate for Senegal's women farmers. Three decades later, she runs a 16,000-member organization and participates in national discussions on women's economic empowerment. Here's what she's learned along the way. Read More IFC's Work in Gender and Economic Inclusion Accelerating Digital for Development A conversation between World Bank Group President Ajay Banga, and Hans Vestberg, Chairman and CEO of Verizon, moderated by Stephanie Mehta, CEO of Fast Company. Discusses the power of digital technologies to accelerate poverty reduction on a livable planet and how the public and private sectors can collaborate to accelerate this mission. Watch Here Voice for Change To mark International Women's Day, the legendary Barbara Hendricks discusses her lifelong commitment to music and human rights, with host Makhtar Diop. Together they explore Barbara’s journey from the segregated southern USA to the world’s most prestigious opera stages Listen Here IFC's Work in Gender and Economic Inclusion What We Do A strong and engaged private sector is indispensible to ending extreme poverty and boosting shared prosperity. That's where IFC comes in - we have more than 60 years experience in unlocking private investment, creating markets and opportunities where they are needed most. Products and Services We provide investment, advice, and asset management — offerings that are mutually reinforcing and can be tailored to a client’s specific needs. Learn More Sectors and Expertise We apply our financial resources, technical expertise, global experience, and innovative thinking to help our partners overcome financial, operational, and other challenges. Learn More Our Impact IFC works with clients to create the opportunities which help the private sector mobilize solutions and finance to solve development challenges. Learn More IFC at a glance IFC - a member of the World Bank Group - is the largest global development institution focused exclusively on the private sector in developing countries. We leverage the power of the private sector and share expertise to transform ideas into investments for green growth, inclusive jobs and impactful projects. 62.5 Million People connected to the internet 11.3 Million People supplied with power $226.5 Billion In Trade Finance Volume $516.9 Billion In Impact from SME Loans BROWSE BY REGION See where we work IFC’s impact spans more than 100 nations. We empower entrepreneurs all over the world, turning bold ideas into engines of inclusive growth creating millions of jobs, uplifting lives, and transforming communities. Africa East Asia & the Pacific South Asia Latin America & the Caribbean Europe Middle East, Central Asia, Türkiye, Afghanistan and Pakistan Stay Informed Sign up for IFC Insights to receive the latest on private sector investment opportunities in emerging markets. Subscribe IBRD IDA IFC MIGA ICSID facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram About IFC Our Impact Careers Global language toggler English 日本語 Français عربي English © 2024 IFC User Agreement Privacy Scam Warning General Inquiry IBRD IDA IFC MIGA ICSID About IFC Our Impact Careers Global language toggler English 日本語 Français عربي English facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram © 2024 IFC User Agreement Privacy Scam Warning General Inquiry