Market Research Reports & Consulting | Grand View Research, Inc. Grand View Research Logo Toggle navigation Reports Consumer Goods » Beauty & Personal Care Clothing, Footwear & Accessories Consumer F&B Electronic & Electrical Homecare & Decor Semiconductors & Electronics » Display Technologies Electronic Security Systems Electronic Devices Semiconductors Sensors & Controls Specialty & Fine Chemicals » Catalysts and Enzymes Food Additives and Nutricosmetics Renewable Chemicals Specialty and Bio-based Polymers Food & Beverages » Animal Feed & Feed Additives Food Safety & Processing Nutraceuticals & Functional Foods Processed & Frozen Foods Advanced Materials » Advanced Interior Materials Green Building Materials Micro Molding and Microspheres Nanoparticles Smart Textiles Glass, Ceramics and Fibers Healthcare » Biotechnology Clinical Diagnostics Healthcare IT Medical Devices Medical Imaging Pharmaceuticals Animal Health Technology » Automotive and Transportation Communications Infrastructure Communication Services Digital Media HVAC & Construction Network Security Next Generation Technologies Bulk Chemicals » Agrochemicals & Fertilizers Disinfectants & Preservatives Drilling & Extraction Equipments Organic Chemicals Paints, Coatings & Printing Inks Personal Care & Cosmetics Petrochemicals Plastics, Polymers & Resins Water & Sludge Treatment Services Consulting Services Market Research Reports Full Time Engagement Custom Research Services Market Monitoring Subscription Compass Pipeline Astra ESG solutions Micro Markets Market Trend Reports About Us Who We Are Why Choose Us Research Methodology Client Testimonials Conferences Media Citations Contact Career Insights Research Insights Ongoing Reports Case Studies Press Room Blogs Login Read: GVR data cited by the analysts of major media houses Learn more edition logo nytimes logo huffingtonpost logo forbes logo theguardian logo usatoday logo businessinsider logo bloomberg logo mashable logo cnbc logo techcrunch logo seekingalpha logo investopedia logo wired logo bbc logo informationweek logo Discover how Grand View Research can help your business: Compass Consulting Services Industry Reports Full Time Engagement Custom Research Market intelligence platform will help you understand: Benchmark against competitors & industry Explore competitive strategy & market share Discover regional market opportunities Identify emerging market trends & dynamics Market intelligence with quality and accuracy Deliverable formats include PDF, PPT, Excel & Online Dashboard Read More Consulting Services Our consulting and advisory services provide a comprehensive, research-based view that is crucial for building business intelligence and overcoming market challenges. With their broad areas of expertise, our team of consultants is united in their commitment to our clients, and passionate about their business goals, which helps foster quick and effective decision-making. Grand View Research also identifies new growth opportunities to help you successfully establish and expand your business. Read More Industry Reports Grand View Research provides off the shelf, syndicated market research studies, publishing over 240 reports each year, covering 45 industries, on a global as well as regional level. We track various industries, identifying key markets and understanding key macro and micro-economic trends. Keeping pace with the business environment, we publish custom, syndicated market research studies. Read More Full Time Engagement Services Research Partnership Companies often require day-to-day research assistance for ongoing strategic initiatives; this may include basic market data needs or complex competitive intelligence, due diligence, industry tracking and price monitoring services. With this in mind, Grand View Research offers partnership services, to provide our clients with a dedicated, one-stop solution for all their information needs. Read More Custom Research Services Market research is a multi faceted discipline, where requirements may vary in line with the strategic needs of an organization. At Grand View Research, we have dedicated teams of analysts and domain experts, focusing on specific research functions to ensure that our clients always get the right people to get the job done. Some Read More Clients Testimonials As a multi-national company in search of specific market insights spanning different sectors and platforms, Grand View Research delivered great research information that met our needs. They were able to customize reports... ─ Afrat Spalding, Mtime, Vice President, Media Thank you for the kind support of your team !!! I have received the final report, and the report is really helpful for me. Moreover, I will contact you, if I have any new need for market research materials, of course. Thank you again. ─ Kim, Heon-Mo (Terry, 金宪模) We have worked on several projects with Grand View over the past two years. Much of the research we requested was customization and difficult to find. The quality of research on everything they have done for us has been excellent.... ─ Brian Moore, Vice President, NICCA USA, Inc. We are very grateful to Grand View Research for helping us gather some of the data our team needed on market use of various chemicals. We used the information from their studies “Global solvents market volume share... ─ Mengya Tao, CLiCC Read Client Testimonials Why Choose Us We work with clients worldwide: So far we have worked with clients in 44 countries. Our perspective means we know what is happening in your regional market and what is working elsewhere in the world. We have worked with businesses just like yours: Grand View Research has the advantage of having completed numerous consulting projects across industries. This means whatever you do, chances are we already have experience with something very similar. Some facts about Grand View Research, Inc. 6000+ Reports Published 150+ Consulting Projects Per Month 500+ Analysts 30,000+ Client Queries in 2021 We have served more than 4,500 global clients Industry reports and consulting services trusted by 91% of fortune 500 companies Reliability and Reputation These are the two pillars of our organization's belief system. The accreditation from ISO (International Organization for Standardization) substantiates the rationale behind implementing such a framework. Information Security Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. Grand View Research along with its extremely trusted service providers Authorize.net and Bank of America, ensures that the client's personal information is always kept confidential, especially in case of financial transactions. trustwave Validate Click to Validate Our Impressive Track Record We focus on developing strong and lasting client relationships. We currently hold an extensive portfolio of clients, banking on us for all research & consulting requirements. Approximately 65% of our revenue is based on repeat purchases. Schedule a Call Latest Publications U.S. Food Preservatives Market Size, Share & Trends Analysis Report By Label (Clean Label, Conventional), By Type (Natural, Synthetic), By Function (Anti-microbial, Anti-oxidant), By Application, And Segment Forecasts, 2024 - 2030 The U.S. food preservatives market size was estimated at USD 706.7 million in 2023 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.9% from 2024 to 2030. The countries' export units, joint ventures, overseas collaborations, and industrial license approvals, among other forms of government backing, have been crucial in propelling the food preservative market's expansion in the country. Read More » U.S. Pet Insurance Market Size, Share & Trends Analysis Report By Coverage Type (Accident & Illness, Accident Only), By Animal Type (Dogs, Cats), By Sales Channel (Agency, Broker), And Segment Forecasts, 2024 - 2030­ The U.S. pet insurance market size was estimated at USD 3.3 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 17.5% from 2024 to 2030. The expansion of this market is primarily driven by factors such as the rise in pet ownership, introduction of pet insurance in markets that are yet to be fully explored, escalating costs of veterinary care, strategic actions taken by leading companies, and the trend of treating pets like family members. Read More » View More Publications Press Releases Analytical Standards Market Size To Reach $2.08 Billion By 2030 Analytical Standard Market Growth & Trends The global analytical standards market size is anticipated to reach USD 2.08 billion by 2030 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.57% from 20... Read More » Speech Therapy Services Market To Reach $63.8 Billion By 2030 Speech Therapy Services Market Growth & Trends The global speech therapy services market size is anticipated to reach USD 63.8 Billion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 9.21% during the f... Read More » View More Press Releases Follow us facebook icon twitter icon linkedin icon Company Customer FAQ How To Order Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Sitemap Office Address Grand View Research is registered in the State of California at Grand View Research, Inc. 201 Spear Street 1100, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States +1-415-349-0058 or 1-888-202-9519 [email protected] Business Hours Our support available to help you 24 hours a day, five days a week. Monday-Thursday : 9am to 5pm Fridays: 9am to 4:30pm Saturday & Sunday: Closed Copyright © 2024 Grand View Research, Inc. All rights reserved. Please wait while we are processing your request...