Sketch · Design, collaborate, prototype and handoff Skip Navigation Menu Sketch Sign In Product Design Collaboration Prototyping Developer Handoff Extensions More Color Variables Commenting Libraries Smart Layout Symbols All Features What’s New Automatic saves for Workspace documents 22 Jan New prototype player 22 Jan Foresight 🤝 Tidy 22 Jan Version 99.5 is available to download 22 Jan Sketch in 2023 12 Dec 2023 See all updates Learn Blog Guides & Courses Documentation Free for Education Courses Sketch 101 Sketch 102 Apps Pricing Help Documentation Support Contact Us Community Forum Service Status Download Sign In Get started icon-close Sign In Product What’s New Design Collaboration Prototyping Developer Handoff Extensions Color Variables Commenting Libraries Smart Layout Symbols Apps Pricing All Features Learn Blog Guides & Courses Sketch 101 Sketch 102 Documentation Free for Education Help Documentation Support Contact Us Community Forum Service Status Extra Surprises 🎁 Homepage switcher Layout overlay Get started for free The Pitch Sketch is where great design happens. A Mac app for designers to create, team up, prototype, and more. A web app for everyone else to browse, give feedback, inspect, and handoff — in any browser. A complete design platform, made by a sustainable indie company since 2010. Find out more See what’s new Augusto 1m Hit CtrlShift^H to see all of the custom homepages we made to celebrate some amazing designers! Product Designer Illustrator UX Designer Ic…32 Picnic Game Icons · by Raphael Tripsy for iPad · by Thiago Video Recording App (Full View) · by Yuhang Button / Pr…48 1Password Icon · by Gavin Hand Mirror App Icon · by Rafael Ivory App — Timeline Search (Dark) · by Tapbots Icon / Brush Credits Work by: Raphael, Gavin, Thiago, Rafael, Yuhang, Tapbots. Joana António Manuel A Mac app you’ll love to design with With thoughtful features that make mundane tasks easy, and an intuitive interface that won’t interrupt your flow, you’ll do amazing things with Sketch. Websites Prototyping Icons Feedback Apps Symbols Illustrations Design Systems Artboard 1 All the tools to help you create — from early wireframes, to flexible design systems Powerful vector editing Control every point at the foundation of your designs. Easy, intuitive prototyping Turn your ideas into something that anyone can test. Shared Libraries, styles and components Bring consistency and scalability to your designs. Control over color profiles Choose between sRGB or P3, whenever you want. Variable and OpenType font support Work with the best of modern typography technology. Reusable design templates Get a head start with building blocks for every project. Open .fig files Come on in, the water’s fine! Artboard 2 Workflows that adapt to you — whether you’re working solo, starting small, or scaling up Solo design or real-time collaboration Work alone, or with others — it’s always up to you. Offline and local file support You don’t need an internet connection to create. Store and sync your work Access documents in your Workspace whever you sign in to Sketch. Share feedback in the app See and respond to comments without switching apps. Distribute Design Systems Easily share the building blocks of your product and brand. Powerful file organization Organize with projects and collections, and keep ideas private in drafts. Multi-layer renaming Now there’s no excuse not to join the “Name your layers” club. Artboard 3 A powerful Native Mac app, that you can make your own Customizable toolbars Optimized for Apple Silicon Work in windows or tabs Drag and drop between apps Customizable shortcuts Super-fast performance Discover designing in Sketch See every feature Maya 2d Are we sure that people are definitely going to click these comments? Eli 2d Not sure, but hopefully! If not, they’ll miss out on some really riveting content Maya 2d Yeah, fair point. Their loss! Sebastian 1w Who made these icons? They are so great 🧑‍🍳💋 Martín 4d So I’ve been thinking. When Thanos snapped half of all living things away, what about, like, the micro bacteria in people’s guts? Wouldn’t that mess with everyone’s digestion? Malin 3d Okay so first of all, this probably isn’t the place to discuss that. But also, it’s a comic book movie. Stop overthinking it. A web app for sharing, feedback and handoff Bring people and projects together — in any web browser — to replace back-and-forth pings, email attachments and endless revisions. View Test Organize Comment Inspect Handoff Artboard 1 Browser-based tools, ready for everyone to make the most of Store, sync and share documents Keep documents together, in sync, and track every milestone. Organize documents your way Create projects and collections to suit your workflows. Add viewers for free Invite clients, project managers and developers as free viewers. Document and project permissions Get full control over who can see and edit designs. Easy Workspace admin Manage people, files and billing — all in one place. Share feedback in context Invite collaborators to add comments right on the Canvas. Distribute Libraries, components and templates Give designers instant access to shared assets. Test prototypes in any browser Share your ideas and show anyone how they will work. Developer handoff tools Inspect, grab assets and create Color Tokens. Zero learning curve No need to learn design tools — using our web app is easy as pie. View, comment and handoff for free Invite everyone you need at no extra cost. Discover collaboration in Sketch See every feature iPhone and iPad app for previewing Browse your Workspace, view documents, mirror designs on your Mac, preview prototypes, and more — from anywhere. Download on the App Store New to design? Starting with Sketch is easier than you think. Symbol / Card Resources Kickstart your projects with our ready-made templates, or get up to speed with our self-paced courses. All for free! Guides & Courses Free design templates Documentation Symbol / Card Get inspired Go Beyond the Canvas and discover bite-sized design tutorials, inspiring stories and more on our blog. Read our latest blog posts Customer stories Learn design Start creating today for free! Whether you’re new to Sketch or back to see what’s new, we’ll have you set up and ready to do your best work in minutes. Get started for free Symbol / Customer Logos Never miss an update Get all the latest news, blog posts and product updates from Sketch, delivered directly to your inbox. We’ll rarely send more than one email a month. Email Sign up I agree to receive marketing emails from Sketch. Product What’s New Design Collaboration Prototyping Developer Handoff Color Variables Commenting Libraries Symbols Apps Extensions Pricing Beta All Features Why Sketch Sketch Myths Switch to Sketch Sketch vs. Figma Sketch vs. Adobe XD Switch from InVision Free for Education Learn Blog Guides & Courses Course: Sketch 101 Course: Sketch 102 Documentation Newsletter Developer Platform Help Documentation Support Contact Us Manage License Community Forum Service Status Company About Us Careers Partners Security Terms & Policies Home © 2024 Sketch B.V. Special Events Day-one Homepage Valentine's Day Homepage One-Layer Challenge Homepage Halloween Homepage 2º Edition Homepage Designers’ Custom Homepages Alexander Käßner Andrey Prokopenko Dmitry Novikov Duncan Horne Gavin Nelson Mark Jardine Prekesh Rafael Conde Ramsés Cabello Raphael Lopes Thiago Sanchez Tiago Alexandrino Vidit Bhargava Viviane Valenta Yannick Lung Yuhang Lu CtrlShift^H to launch the homepage switcher CtrlShift^L to toggle the layout overlay