City of Portland, Oregon | Portland.gov Skip to main content information Storm damage recovery Check trail closures before visiting parks. Watch for dangling tree limbs and debris.Learn about reporting or repairing property damage, and fee waivers for retroactive tree removal permits Menu General Information Advisory Groups Groups, boards, and commissions. Bureaus and Offices City departments. Calendar of Events Events, public meetings, and hearings. Charter, Code, Policies Official City documents. City Council Live sessions, agendas, and archives. Construction Projects Building, transportation, maintenance, and sewer projects. Find a Park Parks, facilities, and reservations. Neighborhoods Neighborhood directory. News Articles, blogs, press releases, public notices, and newsletters. Projects Planning, outreach and education, strategic, and technology projects. Services and Resources Service and resource directory. Jobs with the City Opportunities posted to governmentjobs.com Elected Officials Ted Wheeler Mayor Carmen Rubio City Commissioner Dan Ryan City Commissioner Rene Gonzalez City Commissioner Mingus Mapps City Commissioner Simone Rede City Auditor Welcome to Portland, Oregon Search Popular searches business tax charter, code, policies council agenda employee portal find a park jobs recreation class or activity sewer and water bill Apply or File jobs, licenses, financial assistance Engage volunteer, advise, comment, testify, attend Permits construction, parking, trees, events and conditional use Pay bills, taxes, fees Report noise, water concerns, pollution, other complaints Find information, resources, data Find services and information by topic Access and ADA accommodations Biking City Budget City planning City projects Community education and outreach Construction and development Economic development Environment Fire and life safety Fire and medical response Garbage and recycling Jobs and Internships Open Data, Statistics, and Maps Operating a Business in Portland Parking Parks, recreation, and activities Police and safety Public records Rent or own property Sidewalks Transportation and roads Trees Visiting Water, stormwater, and sewer See something we could improve on this page? Give website feedback. The City of Portland ensures meaningful access to City programs, services, and activities to comply with Civil Rights Title VI and ADA Title II laws and reasonably provides: translation, interpretation, modifications, accommodations, alternative formats, auxiliary aids and services. Request these services online or call 503-823-4000, Relay Service: 711. 503-823-4000 Traducción e Interpretación | Biên Dịch và Thông Dịch | 口笔译服务 | Устный и письменный перевод | Turjumaad iyo Fasiraad | Письмовий і усний переклад | Traducere și interpretariat | Chiaku me Awewen Kapas | अनुवादन तथा व्याख्या Explore all servicesarrow right General information email311@portlandoregon.gov phone number311 Information and Customer Service phone number503-823-4000 Oregon Relay Service711 Oregon Relay Service Follow on Social Media PortlandORGov PortlandGov PortlandGov Terms, policies ADA Accommodation Captioning, transcription Privacy policy Portland.gov About this Website Employee Portal Editor log in City of Portland, Oregon © Copyright 2018-2024