FCIT | Florida Center for Instructional Technology Home Tech Integration iTeach PD Digital Content ClipArt ETC ClipPix ETC Exploring Florida Lit2Go Maps ETC Hispanic Heritage iBooks Presentations ETC Teacher’s Guide to the Holocaust Using Digital Content About Us About FCIT History of FCIT Partnership Support FCIT Select Page The Florida Center for Instructional Technology provides professional learning, digital content, and technology integration evaluation services to schools and districts worldwide. Located in the University of South Florida’s College of Education, FCIT has been a leader in K-20 technology integration since 1982. More about FCIT…. In 2019, building on a history of successful collaboration, FCIT became a joint program operated by the College of Education and Innovative Education. The College of Education, Innovative Education, and FCIT share many goals in relation to student success, pipelines into degree programs, and technology integration within the field of education. The partnership fosters close collaboration between the all parties in support of the strategic goals of the University of South Florida. Learn about our joint projects…. Digital Content for the Classroom FCIT offers over 100,000 pieces of free digital content for non-commercial classroom use by students and teachers. ClipArt ETC: Over 70,000 royalty-free illustrations for classroom use ClipPix ETC: Over 23,000 royalty-free stock photographs for classroom use Exploring Florida: Social studies, language arts, & science resources for students & teachers Lit2Go: Over 5,500 audio files of K-12 literature along with print resources & activities Maps ETC: Over 5,000 royalty-free historic maps from around the world NPS Hispanic Heritage iBook Series: Including the Castillo de San Marcos, Castolon, Gran Quivira, San Antonio Missions, and Californio to American Presentations ETC: Thousands of backgrounds, buttons, letters, and other presentation extras Teacher’s Guide to the Holocaust: photographs, documents, art, music, & literature Using Digital Content: Ideas for using FCIT’s photos, maps, illustrations, clipart, video, audio, and other media in the classroom. Classroom Assessment ClipAudio ETC ClipVideo ETC Educator’s Guide to School Networks ESOL TAPESTRY and ESOL TAPESTRY Journal Florida Goes to War: The Sunshine State in WWII Multicultural Education through Miniatures Tech-Ease: Just-in-time Classroom Tech Help Complete list of FCIT publications…. Technology Integration The Technology Integration Matrix (TIM) provides a framework for describing and targeting the use of technology to enhance learning. The TIM website includes presentations, PDFs, and additional graphic elements for use in professional development activities. You will also find descriptions of the TIM Evaluation Tools suite. iTeach Professional Learning iTeach Professional Learning courses are designed for educators and administrators at all levels. Each iTeach Professional Learning or FTCE Prep course is interactive and engaging, delivered completely online, and facilitated by an expert in the field. Featured Collections We’ve created “teaching collections” of digital content from across our many websites. Check out these featured collections or scroll down to view the collections we've created around themes for March and April. The Florida Center for Instructional Technology provides professional learning, digital content, and technology integration evaluation services to schools and districts worldwide. Located in the University of South Florida's College of Education, FCIT has been a leader in K-20 technology integration since 1982. More about FCIT.... In 2019, building on a history of successful collaboration, FCIT became a joint program operated by the College of Education and Innovative Education. The College of Education, Innovative Education, and FCIT share many goals in relation to student success, pipelines into degree programs, and technology integration within the field of education. The partnership fosters close collaboration between the all parties in support of the strategic goals of the University of South Florida. Technology Integration The Technology Integration Matrix (TIM) provides a framework for describing and targeting the use of technology to enhance learning. The TIM website includes presentations, PDFs, and additional graphic elements for use in professional development activities. You will also find descriptions of the TIM Evaluation Tools suite. iTeach Professional Learning iTeach Professional Learning courses are designed for educators and administrators at all levels. Each four-week iTeach Professional Learning course is interactive and engaging, delivered completely online, and facilitated by an expert in the field. The Florida Center for Instructional Technology provides professional learning, digital content, and technology integration evaluation services to schools and districts worldwide. Located in the University of South Florida's College of Education, FCIT has been a leader in K-20 technology integration since 1982. More about FCIT.... In 2019, building on a history of successful collaboration, FCIT became a joint program operated by the College of Education and Innovative Education. The College of Education, Innovative Education, and FCIT share many goals in relation to student success, pipelines into degree programs, and technology integration within the field of education. The partnership fosters close collaboration between the all parties in support of the strategic goals of the University of South Florida. Learn about our joint projects.... Technology Integration The Technology Integration Matrix (TIM) provides a framework for describing and targeting the use of technology to enhance learning. The TIM website includes presentations, PDFs, and additional graphic elements for use in professional development activities. You will also find descriptions of the TIM Evaluation Tools suite. iTeach Professional Learning iTeach Professional Learning courses are designed for educators and administrators at all levels. Each four-week iTeach Professional Learning course is interactive and engaging, delivered completely online, and facilitated by an expert in the field. The Florida Center for Instructional Technology provides professional learning, digital content, and technology integration evaluation services to schools and districts worldwide. Located in the University of South Florida's College of Education, FCIT has been a leader in K-20 technology integration since 1982. More about FCIT.... Digital Content for the Classroom FCIT offers over 100,000 pieces of free digital content for non-commercial classroom use by students and teachers. ClipArt ETC: Over 70,000 royalty-free illustrations for classroom use ClipPix ETC: Over 23,000 royalty-free stock photographs for classroom use Exploring Florida: Social studies, language arts, & science resources for students & teachers Lit2Go: Over 5,500 audio files of K-12 literature along with print resources & activities Maps ETC: Over 5,000 royalty-free historic maps from around the world Presentations ETC: Thousands of backgrounds, buttons, letters, and other presentation extras Teacher's Guide to the Holocaust: photographs, documents, art, music, & literature Classroom Assessment ClipAudio ETC ClipVideo ETC Educator's Guide to School Networks ESOL TAPESTRY and ESOL TAPESTRY Journal Florida Goes to War: The Sunshine State in WWII Multicultural Education through Miniatures Tech-Ease: Just-in-time Classroom Tech Help NPS Hispanic Heritage iBook Series: Including the Castillo de San Marcos, Castolon, Gran Quivira, San Antonio Missions, and Californio to American Complete list of FCIT publications.... Teaching Collections for March We've created some special collections of digital content for the month of March. The following bring together resources from a variety of FCIT websites for your convenience. If you are planning ahead, scroll down to the April collections below or browse all of our teaching collections by month. LinkedIn members can follow FCIT Digital Content by visiting our showcase page. Teaching Collections for April If you are planning ahead, here are some special collections of digital content for the month of April. You can also browse all of our teaching collections by month. FCIT Newsletter Each month FCIT publishes a newsletter with short articles on teaching and learning with technology and using digital content in the classroom. Subscribe today! The subscription form will open in a new window. When you have subscribed, you can close the new window to return to this page. The Florida Center for Instructional Technology University of South Florida ©2024 Terms | Privacy Policy | Site Map | About FCIT Support FCIT Subscribe to the free FCIT monthly Newsletter Search: Email: TIM@fcit.us Phone: 813-974-1640 Mailing Address: Florida Center for Instructional Technology 4202 E Fowler Ave LIB 618 Tampa, FL 33620 Recognized by Apple as a distinguished program for innovation, leadership, and educational excellence.