New York homes, neighborhoods, architecture, and real estate | Curbed NY Skip to main content clock menu more-arrow no yes mobile Curbed NY homepage New York Log in or sign up Log In Sign Up Site search Search Search Curbed NY main menu Cities Homes Neighborhoods News More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Los Angeles New York San Francisco Archive.curbed.com Homes Homes for sale Homes for rent Home tours Neighborhoods News Architecture Development Affordable Housing Transportation ✕ Featured stories Curbed Is Moving to New York Magazine We couldn’t imagine a better fit. By Curbed Staff Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Inside New York City’s best homes From a converted factory in Gowanus to a designer’s own apartment on the Upper East Side By Asad Syrkett, Mary Jo Bowling, and 1 more 1 comment / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Map 12 small towns near NYC to visit right now By Lilit Marcus, Jessica Wakeman, and 1 more Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Should you move to New York City? By Amy Plitt and Raven Snook 28 comments / new Latest Stories How Eero Saarinen’s iconic TWA Flight Center was brought back to life Rarely does a hotel launch drum up so much fanfare, but then again, the TWA Hotel isn’t any old project By Sarah Firshein July 23, 2019 Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City An illustrated guide to New York City architecture From the 18th century to today. By Sam Lubell January 29, 2019 7 comments / new From Vox Media We're building great things, and we need your talent. Filed under: The TV issue Law & Order’s New York was never real New York City is a constant character in the long-running series, but it’s a simulacrum of the real thing. By James Nevius May 8, 2019 9 comments / new The story behind one of NYC’s most mysterious buildings and its longtime owner A new film explores photographer Jay Maisel’s move from the landmarked building after living there for 49 years By Valeria Ricciulli July 31, 2019 16 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City How to pick a New York City neighborhood Eleven things to consider before choosing your new home By Amy Plitt January 6, 2020 12 comments / new At a Queens park, an urban wetland is reclaimed "It was the land that time forgot" By Caroline Spivack January 22, 2019 4 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City 50 small ways to make NYC a better place From supporting local businesses and getting to know your neighbors to joining your local community board, here’s how you can make a difference in your neighborhood, borough, and the greater city. By Curbed January 10, 2020 9 comments / new New York City’s hoop dreams In the five boroughs, over 500 outdoor basketball courts remain places for IRL connection. By Britta Lokting July 20, 2018 New York City is a mall Experts claim retail is dead, but the "vertical centers" and "food halls" in America’s densest city just keep coming. By Alexandra Lange June 26, 2019 82 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City The ultimate guide to renting in NYC Don’t get overwhelmed by the process—we’ve outlined how to set a budget, what to bring when you apply for an apartment, and more. By Ameena Walker and Amy Plitt January 13, 2020 A tale of Two Bridges How idealistic 20th-century planning created a 21st-century loophole for developers on the Lower East Side. By Karrie Jacobs September 25, 2019 19 comments / new Filed under: Map 8 notable NYC projects designed by Latino architects From modernist buildings to new residential skyscrapers. By Valeria Ricciulli October 4, 2019 4 comments / new Can NYC actually fix its homeless crisis? Advocates and service providers weigh in on possible solutions. By Valeria Ricciulli February 25, 2020 Maps 0 Where to Find Affordable Housing in NYC 4 8 great New York City starter homes 10 NYC’s 25 most expensive homes for sale More in Maps Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Exploring NYC’s hidden corners with photographer Nathan Kensinger Kensinger’s Camera Obscura column is a cultural artifact of a period of major change in New York By Amy Plitt and Nathan Kensinger January 29, 2019 1 comment / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City The New York City subway, explained A comprehensive guide to the subway’s history, unspoken rules of conduct, and more insider intel By Amy Plitt January 17, 2020 13 comments / new A decade of destruction in New York City New York City has lost countless cultural and historic institutions in the past decade By Nathan Kensinger December 12, 2019 18 comments / new Filed under: Map NYC's best furniture and home design shops When it comes to finding good quality furniture in New York City, the options are basically endless—but which ones are the best? That's where we come in, with this list of more than two dozen fantastic furniture and home design stores in NYC. By Amy Plitt, Kelsey Keith, and 1 more January 8, 2020 7 comments / new Filed under: Map Where to Find Affordable Housing in NYC A comprehensive guide to New York City's affordable housing lotteries. By Caroline Spivack and Valeria Ricciulli July 15, 2020 What is ULURP, and why should I care? NYC’s land-use review process, explained A breakdown of ULURP and how the controversial city planning process is crucial to life in New York. By Caroline Spivack January 22, 2020 3 comments / new The future of the bodega is clear New design guidelines for New York’s iconic corner stores may erase an aesthetically important part of the urban landscape. By Ethan Davison October 23, 2019 Is America’s densest city ready to make room? Our New York-based architecture critic says, "Yes, in my backyard" By Alexandra Lange September 12, 2018 50 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Map New York City's most iconic buildings, mapped From the Empire State Building to the Statue of Liberty, these buildings are the heart and soul of this city. By Curbed August 5, 2019 3 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Is it better to rent or buy in NYC? There’s no one-size-fits-all answer to the age-old question By Ameena Walker February 5, 2020 6 comments / new New York City’s subway crisis started with Robert Moses The decline of New York City’s subway system isn’t a new thing—and if you go back far enough, you see how the influential city planner was to blame. By Emily Nonko July 27, 2017 17 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Map 26 best things to do in NYC right now Curbed New York's editors have chosen the 26 places that you must visit in New York right now—the new classics, old favorites, and other essential sites. By Amy Plitt, Zoe Rosenberg, and 1 more March 5, 2020 4 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City 101 things to love about New York City A love letter to the five boroughs. By Amy Plitt, Ameena Walker, and 1 more February 14, 2020 18 comments / new Videos Tour Frank Lloyd Wright’s Hollyhock House, restored to its 1920s beauty The architect’s first LA project has been named a UNESCO World Heritage site. Play video for Tour Frank Lloyd Wright’s Hollyhock House, restored to its 1920s beauty Will New York’s new sea wall protect the city from climate change? In this video collaboration between Curbed and Vox, we take a closer look at Staten Island’s five-mile wall designed to combat violent storms. Play video for Will New York’s new sea wall protect the city from climate change? A look back at I.M. Pei’s greatest hits The Pritzker Prize-winning Chinese American architect I.M. Pei has passed away at age 102. In honor of his incredible career, we’re taking a brief look at how he got his start. Play video for A look back at I.M. Pei’s greatest hits More in Videos Filed under: Map NYC’s supertall skyscraper boom, mapped These 20+ skyscrapers will forever alter the New York City skyline By Amy Plitt March 6, 2020 7 comments / new These are the 10 richest neighborhoods in NYC Where do the wealthiest New Yorkers live? The answers may surprise you (or not). By Amy Plitt December 27, 2019 5 comments / new Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City Map The 29 best things to do in New York City with kids We’ve rounded up the very best spots for families looking to explore everything NYC has to offer. By Megan Barber and Amy Plitt February 3, 2020 3 comments / new A Non-Obvious Outdoor Guide to New York From foraging to beekeeping. By Caroline Spivack August 11, 2020 3 comments / new Filed under: Map 10 secret subway tunnels in New York City Just like the rest of New York City, our 112 year-old subway system consists of many layers, each of which provides a glimpse into a sliver of the city’s history. Here's a sampling of the city’s most intriguing abandoned tunnels and stations. By Lauren Vespoli October 16, 2019 10 comments / new The antisocial stairway of Hudson Yards From Columbia’s Low Library to Times Square, New York City’s greatest stairways are also its most convivial public places. Not so at Hudson Yards. By Karrie Jacobs March 29, 2019 71 comments / new Filed under: Map New York City’s best places to cry in public, mapped From the Staten Island Ferry to the fancy bathrooms in Bryant Park, here are the city’s best places for a sob session. By Ameena Walker, Amy Plitt, and 1 more February 4, 2020 6 comments / new A Photo Tour of The World Trade Center Take a tour of the World Trade Center site, which has been rebuilt in the nearly two decades since 9/11 By Amy Plitt September 11, 2020 Filed under: The beginner’s guide to New York City 50 essential books about New York City Consider this list a starting point for anyone who wants to understand how New York became, well, New York. By Amy Plitt, Emily Nonko, and 2 more November 22, 2017 13 comments / new How to get into Gramercy Park I spent an afternoon in New York City’s most exclusive park. By Angela Serratore October 12, 2016 8 comments / new It’s time to ban cars from Manhattan If we want to alleviate NYC’s traffic woes, we need to start with Manhattan; and instead of small steps we need to take one big leap: ban cars. By James Nevius October 3, 2019 66 comments / new As Rezoning Process Relaunches, New York Seeks to “Dismantle” Inequity That approach would prioritize ULURP projects in areas hardest hit by COVID-19. By Caroline Spivack July 30, 2020 What It’s Like to Not Pay Rent, According to Striking Tenants Inside a rent strike in the Bronx. By Caroline Spivack, Valeria Ricciulli, and 1 more July 1, 2020 Pagination More Stories Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Editorial Ethics and Guidelines Vox MediaVox Media Vox Media logo. Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved