Home - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Students Faculty & Staff Families Alumni Visitors Offices & Services Schools & Centers Santa Clara University Homepage Santa Clara University The Jesuit University in Silicon Valley Search menu Search About SCU Academics Admission Athletics Campus Life Giving Global News & Events Students Faculty Families Alumni Visitors Offices & Services Schools & Centers Go Anywhere From Here Invent the life you want to lead at Santa Clara University. Get Started We’re students, teachers, and mentors headquartered in the most innovative place on earth: Silicon Valley. 94% First-year retention rate 11:1 Student-to-faculty ratio 85% Four-year graduation rate 300+ Days of sunshine per year More Measures of Success Invent The Life You Want To Lead Visit Apply Now Connect with Us Discover SCU Experiential Learning Looking For Belonging Student photos explore the camaraderie of friendships, to the loneliness of not quite fitting in. Read All Stories Student Excellence Fostering Mental Health in Future Generations Experiential Learning Jack Petersen ’24 Finds Purpose In a Problem Faith Introducing the "Synodal Journey" Series Read All Stories Thought Leadership First Thought Leadership Story Vietnam’s Rise as U.S. Tech Ally LONG LE • ILLUMINATE Vietnam’s Rise as U.S. Tech Ally Successful partnership requires a high-wire balancing act with U.S. and China. Second Thought Leadership Story Adobe Patent Tackles Bias in Image AI Tools BRIAN GREEN • THE DAILY UPSIDE Adobe Patent Tackles Bias in Image AI Tools The tech relies on oversampling of images with “minority attributes” to make sure the outputs actually reflect the inputs. Third Thought Leadership Story AI’s Impact on Natural Language Processing MARIA KYRARINI • SPEECH TECHNOLOGY AI’s Impact on Natural Language Processing When it comes to speech technologies, natural language processing (NLP)—the capacity for computers to understand human language as it is written and spoken—has been a challenge. But thanks to recent breakthroughs, AI has dramatically enhanced NLP. Upcoming Events Featured Event Event List See All Events Why Choose SCU Why Choose SCU People of all backgrounds flourish here. One thing they have in common? They want to make a difference. Santa Clara students are driven to build a better, kinder, more humane, more sustainable planet. And everything they need is right here. With our Silicon Valley location, dedicated community of scholars, and opportunities inside and outside the classroom, we teach you to think critically, take risks, and take charge. See Yourself Here We’re on a Mission Support SCU into the next stage of its storied history and inspire the next generation of ethical leaders. Give Now Santa Clara University 500 El Camino RealSanta Clara, CA 95053(408) 554-4000 Maps & Directions Contact Us SCU on Facebook SCU on X (formerly Twitter) SCU on Linkedin SCU on YouTube SCU on Instagram SCU on TikTok Resources Emergency Info Accessibility Title IX Careers Login Our Campus The Mission Event Calendar News © 2024 Santa Clara University