UXPin | UI Design and Prototyping Tool We use cookies to improve performance and enhance your experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy. Close Solutions Design UI Design Prototyping Handoff UX Design Design Systems Design System management Design tokens Soon Code to Design Merge AI 🧩 Merge overview 🔥 Advanced prototyping MUI library Fluent UI library Integrations Git integration Storybook integration npm integration Use cases For Designers For Developers For DesignOps For User Testing Merge 🔥 UI Builder 🧩 Examples Enterprise Overview Testimonials Pricing Resources Product Docs Video tutorials Community Learn Blog Ebooks Webinars Download Our Latest Report Download our free report on how leaders and design system contributors from enterprise companies like Caterpillar, PayPal, or Weir Group build and grow design systems. Learn key lessons on design system maturity and operations. 1 (888) 802-9327 Log in Try for free Design takes too long? Replace designers with a design-less tool. Build functional UI in minutes with your sleek code-backed layouts. Try UXPin for free Bring designers and devs closer than ever! Import your components from Scale your design operations Speed up your product development process with revolutionary Merge technology. From UI designers to UI developers – create consistent interfaces using the same building blocks. Discover Merge Create perfect prototypes right from the beginning Build prototypes that feel like the end product. Get creative with our design tool or start with hundreds of built-in UI elements. Integrate with Storybook, Git repo, or NPM package and use code components straight from your design system, app or website. Try for free Code components made for designers Design with the exact same UI code components that devs build the product with. No coding skills required – just drag and drop the elements. Make your designs accessible Design inclusive products in line with WCAG standards. Test your prototypes with built-in features like Contrast Checker and Color Blindness Simulator. Build with user experience in mind With States, Variables, Conditional Interactions and Auto Layout, your prototypes will perfectly mimic the end product experience, during usability testing. Keep full consistency with Design Systems Design at scale with dynamic and reusable design systems – your centralized place with interactive UI components and documentation. Share it easily with your team and ensure consistency across the whole company. Try for free "It’s amazing to confidently tell my team that I can validate a design in a few days. I can prototype on Monday, test it Tuesday and Wednesday, and show results on Thursday." Edward Nguyen UX Designer Remote team collaboration at its finest Easily share your designs and gather feedback from your team and stakeholders. Communicate seamlessly with developers and save time by reducing the handoff process to the absolute minimum. Try for free Choose an easier way to build products together Get everyone on the same page Wireframe, prototype and ideate together in real time. Work smoothly on Mac, Windows, or in the browser, to support your remote collaboration process. Collect and provide actionable feedback Easily share your designs and ask for feedback. Tag your team members, assign comments, and make sure that you’re all on the same page. Simplify your handoff process Send your designs to developers with all the specs, code, and automatic redlining. Work with code components and remove the handoff drift completely. Build with DesignOps in mind Work with UI code components as a common language and remove the translation drift from when design becomes the product. Try for free UXPin is trusted by design leaders and product teams from top companies. Read their stories PayPal finds a prototype is worth a thousand words Watch testimonial Read story Collaborate effortlessly and scale UX process with UXPin Read story Adopt agile UX and get rid of silos in enterprise with UXPin Read story Create prototypes that work just like the end product with UXPin Read story Prototyping complex interactions is as easy as pie with UXPin Read story Centralize your design process Simplify your design tool stack – try UXPin Merge today and release digital products faster. Chat with Sales UXPin UXPin Import from Sketch Customers Enterprise Pricing Open UXPin UXPin for Mac UXPin for Windows Mirror for iOS Mirror for Android Compare UXPin vs Figma UXPin vs Invision UXPin vs Adobe XD UXPin vs Framer UXPin vs Sketch UXPin vs Axure UXPin vs Balsamiq UXPin vs Justinmind UXPin vs Zeplin UXPin vs Marvel App UXPin vs Proto.io Resources Docs Video Tutorials Blog E-books Webinars Prototype Showcase About Company Jobs New Press Kit Contact us © UXPin Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms of Service Security English 日本語 한국어