WNYC | New York Public Radio, Podcasts, Live Streaming Radio, News It looks like there's an issue with JavaScript in your browser. For a better experience, we recommend that you enable JavaScript. Go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more. Top Stories Edit Bucket Meet the New Council Members: Yusef Salaam The Brian Lehrer Show New York City Councilmember Yusef Salaam talks about his district and his priorities as one of four new members of the City Council. Edit Bucket NYC NOW NYC NOW delivers local news from WNYC and Gothamist every morning, midday and evening. From breaking news to deep investigations, we cover New York for all New Yorkers. Transcripts are posted to individual episode pages as they become available. What Biden Is Thinking About the 2024 Election The New Yorker Radio Hour Despite hand-wringing among Democrats about Joe Biden’s age and his discouraging poll numbers, Evan Osnos says the President’s campaign for reëlection projects extreme "serenity." Sponsored Latest from WNYC Edit Bucket After the death of Flaco, how New Yorkers can make the city safer for birds Flaco, the Eurasian eagle owl who escaped the Central Park Zoo last year, died after what appeared to be a building collision. A Palestinian-American Victim of American Gun Violence Becomes A Reluctant Poster Child Notes from America with Kai Wright Brown University student Hisham Awartani is processing his injuries, and the trauma of his community back home in the West Bank. This Week in Politics: Why the New Jersey senate primary could signal a break with politics-as-usual WNYC's Nancy Solomon brings us the latest on the Democratic primary for the seat currently occupied by Senator Bob Menendez. Let’s talk democracy at the laundromat! Soap gets laundry done. Conversation gets democracy going. This election year, WNYC is turning some laundromats in the New York metro area into hubs of civic dialogue. Sign up for WNYC's Weekly newsletter A weekly, behind-the-scenes update from the people behind your favorite shows. Arts And Culture Edit Bucket Previewing the 2024 Spring Theater Season All Of It Learn more about the best theater to look out for this Spring. The Gilded Age and Long Island History Examined at the Nassau County Museum of Art All Of It You have just under a month to check out The Nassau County Museum of Art's exhibit, Our Gilded Age. For Brontez Purnell, “Memoir Is Fiction—I Don’t Care What Anyone Says” The New Yorker Radio Hour The author of “Ten Bridges I’ve Burnt” and other books talks with Jeffrey Masters about his journey from go-go boy to Renaissance man. Edit Bucket Molly Ringwald on 'Feud' All Of It Molly Ringwald speaks tell us about her role on the new season of 'Feud,' focused on writer and socialite Truman Capote. From the WNYC Archives Edit Bucket The NYPR Archives Celebrates Women's History Month The New York Public Radio Archives has pulled together some of the department's leading preservation work, series and sonic artifacts concerning women's history. Operation: Clean Up, 1952 A drama about sewage treatment and water pollution. WPA and the Arts This episode is from the WNYC archives. It may contain language which is no longer politically or socially appropriate. Re-enactment of the proposal, on January 5, 1938, to create a federal bureau of the arts based on the WPA.Six panelists (3 for and 3 against) discuss this proposal and the merits of federally funded arts administration. Stuart Davis, Goddard Lieberson, and Burgess Meredith discuss reasons to continue the program. Brinkerhoff, Jonas Lee, and Harvey Wiley Corbett give reasons against. Davis: A limited private patronage is inadequate to establish the basis for an American artistic culture. Private patronage does not accept any responsibility for the artist, has no conception of the meaning of democracy and culture, specifically the participation of the masses, considers art a private affair. Establishment of various federal arts project gave the American artist his first real chance to develop. WPA was designed to give employment to unemployed artists; it established the beginning of an art movement unparalleled in history. Individual initiative characterizes the work done by the WPA. WPA work promises to be the most lasting and bring about the largest return. Democratic participation in art is now possible. Responds to accusations of propaganda. Without federal support, the artist will be unable to produce because private patronage has shrunken to the vanishing point. Emergency nature of WPA's patronage. The WPA artists have been hampered by the knowledge that their employment is precarious. Permanent necessity of art patronage. There are no universal high standards in art, so the establishment of federal support cannot destroy them. The bill establishes competence, not relief. Compares federal support for art to federal support for equal education.Lieberson: Americans should accept some of the responsibility for elevating American culture. Federal Arts Project proved there exists in the US the potential for an artistic culture. It is not enough to have young people who aspire to artistic endeavors. The letters WPA are a bugaboo to those who are opposed to democratic progress in the arts. The WPA has decentralized the arts. The artist cannot exist without and audience. No artist resents a public for his own work. Meredith: Meetings to compile suggestions for changes to the bill have not included the opposition because they refuse to participate. No artist is helped by an empty stomach. If we are to continue as a democracy, we have to judge things on their worth and not their source. Reads a letter from Elmer Benson, Governor of Minnesota.Brinkerhoff: People have not analyzed the substance of the bill. An analysis shows an effort to organize artists in to groups and see them as part of the labor force, to give them work regardless of artistic ability. The activity provided for would be greater in cost than any undertaken so far. Those organizations which attract the greatest number of artists will present to the President one or more names, from which a commissioner be named. There is no requirement that these people be artists. An artist must belong to the organization with the most members in his field if he wants a job under the bureau. Otherwise he can have no part in the efforts of the bureau. The visual arts are more effective propaganda than any other medium. Lee: Artists as a whole are not against the WPA's work. A permanent relief bureau would undermine the morale of the artist. Cultural aspects of life should receive promotion and encouragement from the Federal Government, but not in a way to regiment the artist, which would destroy the creative incentive. The artist must be free from dictation and political authority. These bills are an effort to affiliate artists with labor and give employment to the greatest number, regardless of artistic talent and quality. Something other than these particular bills is needed. Corbett: The nature of government sponsorship of architecture should be clearly stated. Proper relief measures do have a place, but this one would be dominated by a majority vote, rather than by free competitive process.[Poor quality original.]Audio courtesy of the NYC Municipal Archives WNYC CollectionWNYC archives id: 8291Municipal archives id: LT21 Tech and Media Edit Bucket A New TV Show Satirizes Public Radio On the Media Why is it so easy to poke fun at us? Honoring the Journalists The Brian Lehrer Show Jelani Cobb on the 2024 duPont-Columbia award winners and more. The Future of Music and Music Journalism in 2024 All Of It Atlantic staff writer Spencer Kornhaber discusses the folding of Pitchfork into GQ. Then, Switched on Pop producer Reanna Cruz joins us to talk about upcoming music releases. How (Not) to Cover Trump's Trials On the Media How Trump is using the courtroom as a campaign platform. Popular Stories Most Viewed Most Listened Most Commented Taking a 'Leap' on Leap Day, J. Kenji López-Alt and Deb Perelman on 'The Recipe,' The Foundation for Bolivian Artists, Sloane Crosley on Grieving Loss Monday Morning Politics; Meet the New Council Members: Yusef Salaam; Subway Stops Quiz; How Many Steps a Day Do You Really Need?; Finding Your Hobby: Glass Arts Liev Schreiber and Amy Ryan in "Doubt," Stephanie Clare Smith, All About Pastas, A Village Voice History The Chart That Explains Everyone Challenges for African Migrants; Freakonomics on Feynman; Ten Question Quiz: Women's History; Appliances That Last; Find Your Hobby: Pottery Monday Morning Politics; Meet the New Council Members: Yusef Salaam; Subway Stops Quiz; How Many Steps a Day Do You Really Need?; Finding Your Hobby: Glass Arts Liev Schreiber and Amy Ryan in "Doubt," Stephanie Clare Smith, All About Pastas, A Village Voice History Challenges for African Migrants; Freakonomics on Feynman; Ten Question Quiz: Women's History; Appliances That Last; Find Your Hobby: Pottery Get Lit with Tananarive Due and Jake Blount, 'Brooklyn Laundry,' and Working to Make Set Design More Inclusive Trump's Trials and the Campaign Trail; Redistricting in NY; Ten Question Quiz: Leap Year; When Rev. Jackson Ran for President; Finding Your Hobby: Birding Saturday at 1pm: Verdi’s Ernani Sunday at 2pm: Vienna Philharmonic 18 Women Composers You Should Know Your Neighborhood Gems, Erick the Architect's Solo Debut (Listening Party), Jami Attenberg's Advice for Writers, A Debut Novel Imagines Reparations Legislation Taking a 'Leap' on Leap Day, J. Kenji López-Alt and Deb Perelman on 'The Recipe,' The Foundation for Bolivian Artists, Sloane Crosley on Grieving Loss EVENTS AND INFORMATION Edit Bucket Feb 28 | Get Lit with All Of It: 'The Reformatory' by Tananarive Due The novel tells the story of a terrifying segregated reformatory for boys in Jim Crow-era Florida, and a young boy sent there... who learns he can see the ghosts of boys who died on the property. Apr 22 | WQXR Celebrates Earth Day with Juilliard Juilliard students across disciplines – music, dance, and drama – join forces to create a unique and unforgettable artistic “open house.” For this special performance these young artists explore themes of nature and the environment in celebration of Earth Day. May 6 | WQXR Celebrates AAPI Heritage with the Metropolitan Opera WQXR celebrates Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage Month with a concert in The Greene Space! The evening will include AAPI artists from the Metropolitan Opera singing familiar repertoire and musical selections that reflect their own heritage. We’ll also hear a tribute to Hei-Kyung Hong and discuss portrayals of Asian characters in classic operas such as Madama Butterfly and Turandot, as well as in more contemporary works. Jun 7 | Queen of the Night with Thorgy Thor: PRIDE WQXR presents drag performance artist and violinist Thorgy Thor! Come enjoy an evening of laughter, music, and campy fun as we kick off Pride Month!