Landsat Missions | U.S. Geological Survey Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. U.S. Geological Survey Science Science Explorer Biology Climate Coasts Energy Environmental Health Geology Information Systems Maps and Mapping Methods and Analysis Minerals Natural Hazards Ocean Planetary Science Science Technology Water Mission Areas Core Science Systems Ecosystems Energy and Minerals Natural Hazards Water Resources Programs Regions Northeast Region Southeast Region Midcontinent Region Rocky Mountain Region Southwest Region Alaska Region Northwest-Pacific Islands Region Science Centers Observatories Laboratories Frequently Asked Questions Educational Resources Special Topics USGS Celebrates the Year of Open Science Products Data Data Management Data Releases Real-time Data All Data Maps Map Releases Topographic (Topo) Maps Volcanic Maps All Maps Multimedia Gallery Audio Before and After Images Images Slideshows Stereograms Videos Webcams All Multimedia Publications Web Tools Alert and Notification Services APIs Data Access Tools Data Analysis Tools Data Visualizations Interactive Maps All Web Tools Software U.S. Board on Geographic Names The National Map USGS Library USGS Store Park Passes News News Releases National News Releases State News Releases All News Releases Featured Stories Science Snippets Technical Announcements Employees in the News Get Our News Media Contacts Newsletters I'm a Reporter Earthquake Questions Request Footage Multimedia Gallery Congressional Connect Headquarters 12201 Sunrise Valley Drive Reston, VA 20192 703-648-5953 Locations Staff Profiles Social Media Careers Contact Us 1-888-392-8545 GeoChat Live Chat Email USGS Store 1-888-275-8747 About About Us Who We Are Our History Past Directors Survey Manual Key Officials Organizational Chart Organization Mission Areas Programs Regions Science Centers Observatories Laboratories Science Support Offices Congressional Briefing Series Statements Contacts Budget Careers and Employees Doing Business Acquisition and Financial Assistance Partners and Cooperators Building Partnerships Emergency Management Facebook Twitter Linkedin Digg Reddit Pinterest Email Latest Earthquakes | Live WebChat Share Social Media Label Menu Label Close U.S. Geological Survey Science Science Explorer Mission Areas Programs Regions Science Centers Observatories Laboratories Frequently Asked Questions Educational Resources Special Topics USGS Celebrates the Year of Open Science Products Data Maps Multimedia Gallery Publications Web Tools Software U.S. Board on Geographic Names The National Map USGS Library USGS Store Park Passes News News Releases Featured Stories Science Snippets Technical Announcements Employees in the News Get Our News Media Contacts Newsletters I'm a Reporter Connect Headquarters Locations Staff Profiles Social Media Careers Contact Us About About Us Survey Manual Key Officials Organization Congressional Budget Careers and Employees Doing Business Emergency Management Latest Earthquakes Live WebChat Share Social Media Facebook Twitter Linkedin Digg Reddit Pinterest Email Landsat Products and Services from the USGS Check out the new interactive StoryMap View the StoryMap Landsat and the EROS Center Data archive and distribution center celebrates 50 years in 2023 Read and listen to interesting stories about 50 years of the EROS Center Landsat Next 26-band “superspectral” constellation coming in 2030 Mission details and specs Landsat Level-2 and Level-3 Science Products Created using Landsat 4-5 TM, Landsat 7 ETM+, and Landsat 8-9 OLI/TIRS data Learn More Landsat Collection 2 Level-1 and Level-2 Data Products from Landsat 1-9 Learn More Landsat U.S. Analysis Ready Data (ARD) Learn More about ARD Landsat Mission Headlines Read the Latest Landsat News Read Now Landsat Missions Home Landsat Missions Science Product Information Data Glossary and Acronyms Multimedia Publications Web Tools Documents News Connect Partners About Landsat Missions Since 1972, Landsat satellites have continuously acquired images of the Earth’s land surface, providing uninterrupted data to help land managers and policymakers make informed decisions about natural resources and the environment. Data acquired by Landsat satellites are distributed from the USGS Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Science Products and U.S. Analysis Ready Data Landsat Level-2 and Level-3 Science Products, along with U.S. Analysis Ready Data (ARD), contain higher-level data to allow scientists to better document changes to Earth's terrestrial environment. Learn More Landsat Collections Landsat Collections are tiered management structures that ensure all Landsat Level-1 products are produced to create a consistent archive of known data quality Learn More Explore these pages Landsat FAQs Landsat Factsheets Landsat Project Documents Landsat Project Statistics Landsat Ground Network Stations (LGN) Landsat International Ground Station (IGS) Network Landsat Headlines Project Information Sources/Usage: Public Domain. View Media Details There is a wealth of technical information and statistics about the Landsat Project, Landsat data, and Landsat science products. Statistics about Landsat data availability, distribution and usage are updated quarterly. Explore project documents about policy, data, systems and more. Discover project statistics about the USGS Landsat data archive. Learn about the Landsat Ground Network Stations (LGN), the primary downlinking facilities found around the world. News about Landsat Find the latest news about Landsat missions, data products, data access, and related topics. Read all Landsat Mission Headlines. Subscribe to the Latest in Landsat Newsletter. Subscribe to Landsat Headlines RSS Feeds. Landsat Products and Data Access Landsat data products are continually being matured into the highest quality possible. These products allow scientists to provide improved and more useful results for land change and use analysis. Landsat data products held in the USGS archives can be searched and downloaded at no charge from a variety of data portals. Access available products. Access Landsat Data Products. Access Landsat Science and U.S. ARD Products. Sources/Usage: Public Domain. View Media Details Animated image of the Landsat Archive Dashboard. Useful Tools & Viewers Various files, tools, converters, and information to better understand Landsat acquisition and how to search for Landsat data and products. Open the Landsat Acquisition Calendar Tool. Open the Spectral Characteristics Viewer. Open the Landsat Path/Row - Lattitude/Longitude Conversion Tool. Open the Landsat Archive Dashboard. International Collaboration Landsat has always been an important component of U.S. foreign policy, science, and technology policy. A longstanding network of International Cooperators operate numerous International Ground Stations allowing direct reception and downlink from Landsat satellites. In 2010, International Cooperators started the effort to consolidate Landsat data acquired at worldwide ground station to the USGS archive. Learn about the Landsat International Ground Station (IGS) Network. Learn about Landsat Global Archive (LGAC) efforts. Become an International Cooperator (IC). Education and Outreach Resources Landsat education and outreach resources can be used by students, teachers and the general public to further understand the fundamentals of remote sensing, Landsat technology, and how practical applications of Landsat data are helping specialists manage Earth's natural resources for a growing world population. View Frequently asked Questions (FAQs). Open Landsat Fact Sheets. Listen to Eyes on Earth episodes about Landsat. Explore Landsat Interactive Storymaps. Join us on Social! News link March 4, 2024 2024 William T. Pecora Award Nominations Now Being Accepted link February 26, 2024 Landsat Technical Working Group meets in Florida link February 9, 2024 USGS-NASA Award Honors Excellence in Earth Observation View All Publications November 27, 2023 Need and vision for global medium-resolution Landsat and Sentinel-2 data products Global changes in climate and land use are threatening natural ecosystems, biodiversity, and the ecosystem services people rely on. This is why it is necessary to track and monitor spatiotemporal change at a level of detail that can inform science, management, and policy development. The current constellation of multiple Landsat and Sentinel-2 satellites collecting imagery at predominantly ≤30-m s Authors Volker C. Radeloff, David P. Roy, Mike Wulder, Martha Anderson, Bruce D. Cook, Christopher J. Crawford, Mark Friedl, Feng Gao, Noel Gorelick, Matthew Hansen, Sean Healey, Patrick Hostert, Glynn Hulley, Justin Huntington, Dave Johnson, Christopher Neigh, Alexei Lyapustin, Leo Lymburner, Nima Pahlevan, Jean-Francois Pekel, Theodore A. Scambos, Crystal Schaaf, Peter Strobl, Eric Vermote, Curtis Woodcock, Hankui K. Zhang, Zhe Zhu By Core Science Systems Mission Area, National Land Imaging Program, Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center , EROS CalVal Center of Excellence (ECCOE), Landsat Missions September 22, 2023 The 50-year Landsat collection 2 archive The Landsat global consolidated data archive now exceeds 50 years. In recognition of the need for consistently processed data across the Landsat satellite series, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) initiated collection-based processing of the entire archive that was processed as Collection 1 in 2016. In preparation for the data from the now successfully launched Landsat 9, the USGS reprocessed the Authors Christopher J. Crawford, David P. Roy, Saeed Arab, Christopher Barnes, Eric Vermote, Glynn Hulley, Aaron Gerace, Michael J. Choate, Christopher Engebretson, Esad Micijevic, Gail L. Schmidt, Cody Anderson, Martha Anderson, Michelle Bouchard, Bruce D. Cook, Ray Dittmeier, Danny Howard, Calli Jenkerson, Minsu Kim, Tania Kleyians, Tom Maiersperger, Chase Mueller, Christopher Neigh, Linda Owen, Benjamin Page, Nima Pahelvan, Rajagopalan Rengarajan, Jean-Claude Roger, Kristi Sayler, Pat L Scaramuzza, Sergii Skakun, Lin Yan, Hankui K. Zhang, Zhe Zhu, Stephen G. Zahn By National Land Imaging Program, Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center , EROS CalVal Center of Excellence (ECCOE), Landsat Missions May 10, 2023 Evaluation of Copernicus DEM and comparison to the DEM used for Landsat collection-2 processing Having highly accurate and reliable Digital Elevation Models (DEMs) of the Earth’s surface is critical to orthorectify Landsat imagery. Without such accuracy, pixel locations reported in the data are difficult to assure as accurate, especially in more mountainous landscapes, where the orthorectification process is the most challenging. To this end, the Landsat Calibration and Validation Team (Cal/ Authors Shannon Franks, Rajagopalan Rengarajan By National Land Imaging Program, Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center , EROS CalVal Center of Excellence (ECCOE), Landsat Missions View All Science link November 20, 2023 Eyes on Earth Episode 108 – Landsat 8’s 100th Drag Make-Up Maneuver The USGS EROS Landsat Flight Operations Team recently completed the 100th Drag Make-Up maneuver for Landsat 8. By Core Science Systems Mission Area, National Land Imaging Program, Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center , Landsat Missions link November 20, 2023 Eyes on Earth Episode 108 – Landsat 8’s 100th Drag Make-Up Maneuver The USGS EROS Landsat Flight Operations Team recently completed the 100th Drag Make-Up maneuver for Landsat 8. Learn More link June 7, 2023 Eyes on Earth Episode 95 – EROS 50th: Landsat Science Team Landsat Science Teams have advocated for the best data possible for the wide variety of remote sensing users around the world. By Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center , Landsat Legacy, Landsat Missions link June 7, 2023 Eyes on Earth Episode 95 – EROS 50th: Landsat Science Team Landsat Science Teams have advocated for the best data possible for the wide variety of remote sensing users around the world. Learn More link May 24, 2023 Eyes on Earth Episode 94 – EROS 50th: Collaborations with SDSU South Dakota State University, a land grant university less than an hour from EROS, has had links to Landsat and EROS throughout their existence. By Core Science Systems Mission Area, Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) Center , EROS CalVal Center of Excellence (ECCOE), EROS History Project, Landsat Legacy, Landsat Missions link May 24, 2023 Eyes on Earth Episode 94 – EROS 50th: Collaborations with SDSU South Dakota State University, a land grant university less than an hour from EROS, has had links to Landsat and EROS throughout their existence. Learn More View All Back to Top Science Science Explorer Mission Areas Programs Regions Science Centers Observatories Laboratories Frequently Asked Questions Educational Resources Special Topics Products Data Maps Publications Multimedia Gallery Web Tools Software U.S. Board on Geographic Names The National Map USGS Library USGS Store Park Passes News Featured Stories News Releases Science Snippets Technical Announcements Employees in the News Get Our News Media Contacts I'm a Reporter Newsletters Connect Headquarters Locations Staff Profiles Social Media Careers Contact Us About About Us Survey Manual Organization Key Officials Congressional Budget Careers and Employees Doing Business Emergency Management Legal Accessibility FOIA Site Policies Privacy Policy Site Map DOI and USGS link policies apply No FEAR Act USA.gov U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Department of the Interior Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram RSS Contact USGS 1-888-392-8545 answers.usgs.gov