Home | American Libraries Magazine Skip to main content Menu Search for: Magazine Current Issue Issue Archive Features Trends Columns Newsmakers Spotlights By the Numbers Bookend People Library Systems Report Design Showcase Trending #LibLearnX24 Intellectual Freedom Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Advocacy Inside ALA COVID-19 Jobs Sustainability Law and Legal Issues Library Systems Report AL Direct The Scoop blog Podcast JobLIST AL Live webinars Predicting the Unpredictable Asking real questions about generative AI Reading Between the Bots Where librarianship is headed in the age of AI Food for Thought A robust Association requires a healthy course of democracy Newsmaker: Ali Hazelwood Author and neuroscientist on becoming an online sensation Finding Funding Titles to navigate grant writing Newsmakers: Trish Adlesic and Nazenet Habtezghi The ABCs of Book Banning directors discuss Oscar nomination, power of young voices A Winning CaseLibrary partners with housing court to bring kiosks to residents experiencing housing issuesNewsmaker: Jesús TrejoComedian and author on family, bilingual representation, and book bans Show Us Your Beautiful New LibrarySubmissions open for 2024 Library Design ShowcaseCall Number Podcast: The Wide World of Librarians in SportsNewsmaker: Antonia HyltonJournalist investigates mental healthHot TopicPatrons check out induction cooktops More Stories Latest Library Links 4d Tanyel Mustafa writes: “Every month, it seems like more of my friends are joining book clubs—I’ve just joined one too—and they’re going for the social element of the monthly meet ups, rather than for the sake of reading alone. Making friends as an adult is hard, and we’re seeing loneliness become a recurring issue for people in their 20s and 30s. The act of reading is a solo experience, but book clubs are all about people. Cheaper to partake in than many other group-based activities, book clubs are becoming an antidote for young people feeling lonely across the world.” Refinery29, Feb. 21 4d Robin Camille Davis writes: “We librarians know all about link rot: how URLs listed in a document are likely to become inaccessible over time, like lights in a building turning off one by one. While a broken link may be a small irritant in day-to-day life, link rot as a whole negatively affects the scholarly record. So what’s an academic author to do if they want to protect their work from link rot?” Choice 360 LibTech Insights, Feb. 26 5d Best-selling author Traci Sorell will serve as the 2024 honorary chair of Preservation Week, to be held April 28–May 4. The theme of this year’s Preservation Week, organized by ALA’s Core division, is Preserving Identities. This reflects the role of libraries in preserving materials and knowledge key to understanding one’s identity and sharing them in ways that are responsive to their communities. Sorell’s experiences highlight the importance of this commitment. “As a child, I enjoyed visiting my school and public libraries,” she says. “But I didn’t have my Cherokee identity in books offered in either one.” Core News, Feb. 21 5d Olga R. Rodriguez writes: “The most stolen books from San Francisco public libraries’ shelves are not the hottest new novels or juicy memoirs, they are books about recovering from addiction. Now, city officials want to provide universal access to free drug recovery books. San Francisco City Supervisor Matt Dorsey on February 20 introduced legislation to expand a pilot program to distribute addiction recovery books for free at the city’s 28 public libraries. The library launched a pilot program last April to distribute such materials at the main library and two branches. Since then, they have distributed more than 3,200 books about beating addiction.” Associated Press, Feb. 20 5d Each year, the Young Adult Library Services Association’s (YALSA) Amazing Audiobooks Blogging Team selects and annotates an annual list of notable audio recordings significant to young adults from those released in the past two years. You can see previous lists on the YALSA website and on the Teen Book Finder app. The team selected its Top Ten selections and more than 40 additional nominees. The Hub, Feb. 21 6d Lauren Feiner writes: “Social media companies have long made their own rules about the content they allow on their sites. But a pair of cases argued before the Supreme Court February 26 will test the limits of that freedom, examining whether they can be legally required to host users’ speech. The cases deal with the constitutionality of laws created in Florida and Texas. Both essentially limit the ability of large online platforms to curate or ban content on their sites, seeking to fight what lawmakers claim are rules that suppress conservative speech.” The Verge, Feb. 23 6d Rhea Kelly writes: “Last year, the University of Kentucky (UK) in Lexington announced the formation of a new task force to study generative artificial intelligence (AI) and make recommendations for its responsible use. Dubbed UK ADVANCE, the committee brings together experts from all over campus to provide ongoing guidance on use of the technology in teaching and learning, research, and more. The group has published guidelines for faculty and researchers, with plans to update the recommendations as the technology evolves. We sat down with Trey Conatser, director of the Center for the Enhancement of Learning and Teaching and co-chair of UK ADVANCE, to find out more.” Campus Technology, Feb. 21 View more Latest Library Links Current Issue March/April 2024 Read now American Libraries Live is a free webcast that allows viewers to learn about library issues and trends in real time and interact with hosts via a live chat. Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Filtering: The Man in the Middle Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save A Plan for More Meaningful Work and Professional Fulfillment Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Save Diversity in Libraries A publication of the American Library Association Facebook Twitter RSS Advertising About Comment Policy Contact Subscriptions Submissions Privacy Policy Copyright/Terms of Use Statement Site Help ALA Home JobLIST ALA News ALA Store Strategic Directions 225 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 1300, Chicago, IL 60601 1.800.545.2433 © 2009–2024 American Library Association