Business & Human Rights Resource Centre abusesaffiliationarrow-downarrow-leftarrow-rightarrow-upattack-typeburgerchevron-downchevron-leftchevron-rightchevron-upClock iconclosedeletedevelopment-povertydiscriminationdollardownloademailenvironmentexternal-linkfacebookfiltergenderglobegroupshealthC4067174-3DD9-4B9E-AD64-284FDAAE6338@1xinformation-outlineinformationinstagraminvestment-trade-globalisationissueslabourlanguagesShapeCombined Shapeline, chart, up, arrow, graphLinkedInlocationmap-pinminusnewsorganisationotheroverviewpluspreviewArtboard 185profilerefreshIconnewssearchsecurityPathStock downStock steadyStock uptagticktooltiptwitteruniversalityweb English Open Translation Menu Close Close Translation Menu Subscribe Search English العربيّة Deutsch Español Français 日本語 Português Русский 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文 20 YEARS OF Business & Human Rights Resource Centre Latest News Companies Big Issues Explore the big challenges, opportunities, debates and frameworks for business and human rights. This section contains a selection of key portals curated by our global team. Featured pages Labour Rights Natural Resources and Just Energy Transition Human Rights Defenders & Civic Freedoms Corporate Legal Accountability Recent Issue Subpage KnowTheChain Issue Subpage Russia and Ukraine From Us Alongside its core work providing a platform for Human Rights advocates, the Resource Centre runs several focused programme areas and regularly releases briefings and reports on areas of particular interest. Featured pages Updates from BHRRC Briefings & Reports 'This Way Up' Podcast Company Response Mechanism Mary Robinson Speaker Series Recent Update Weekly Update 28 February | EU: Deadline looms as states fail to endorse CSDDD despite overwhelming support Update Weekly Update 14 February | Philippines: Apex Mining Co. under scrutiny following deadly landslide Blog Opinion pieces, interviews and blogs from across the business and human rights movement. Featured pages The heat is on: key principles for a just energy transition Enabling a just energy transition: The crucial role of corporate accountability in the EU Critical Raw Materials Act Conflict and exodus in Nagorno-Karabakh: bp’s urgent responsibilities Recent Opinion Two years of Russian aggression: Decisive action by Western states urgently needed to ensure responsible business conduct Opinion In focus: Tech sector transparency & the Global South Donate About Us Find out more about our impact, who we are and how we are funded. Featured pages Media Centre Meet the Team Contact Us Our Board Strategic Plan Recent International Advisory Network Academic Partners Show all languages ? You're browsing our English site, so by default we are only showing content in English. If you'd prefer to view all available content regardless of language, please change this switch. Open Translation Menu Close Translation Menu Menu Close 20 YEARS OF Business & Human Rights Resource Centre English العربيّة Deutsch español français 日本語 Português Русский 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文 Show all languages ? You're browsing our English site, so by default we are only showing content in English. If you'd prefer to view all available content regardless of language, please change this switch. Advanced search Latest News Companies Big Issues Explore the big challenges, opportunities, debates and frameworks for business and human rights. This section contains a selection of key portals curated by our global team. Featured pages Labour Rights Natural Resources and Just Energy Transition Human Rights Defenders & Civic Freedoms Corporate Legal Accountability Recent Issue Subpage KnowTheChain Issue Subpage Russia and Ukraine From Us Alongside its core work providing a platform for Human Rights advocates, the Resource Centre runs several focused programme areas and regularly releases briefings and reports on areas of particular interest. Featured pages Updates from BHRRC Briefings & Reports 'This Way Up' Podcast Company Response Mechanism Mary Robinson Speaker Series Recent Update Weekly Update 28 February | EU: Deadline looms as states fail to endorse CSDDD despite overwhelming support Update Weekly Update 14 February | Philippines: Apex Mining Co. under scrutiny following deadly landslide Blog Opinion pieces, interviews and blogs from across the business and human rights movement. Featured pages The heat is on: key principles for a just energy transition Enabling a just energy transition: The crucial role of corporate accountability in the EU Critical Raw Materials Act Conflict and exodus in Nagorno-Karabakh: bp’s urgent responsibilities Recent Opinion Two years of Russian aggression: Decisive action by Western states urgently needed to ensure responsible business conduct Opinion In focus: Tech sector transparency & the Global South Donate About Us Find out more about our impact, who we are and how we are funded. Featured pages Media Centre Meet the Team Contact Us Our Board Strategic Plan Recent International Advisory Network Academic Partners We advance human rights in business.We track over 10,000 companies, and help the vulnerable eradicate abuse. Find Companies Explore the News Discover Big Issues Article EU: Over 130 organisations sharply criticise failure of member states to endorse CSDDD despite overwhelming support; negotiations to continue The joint civil society statement highlights the vital nature of the EU sustainability legislation - necessary and overdue to trigger the change in business conduct - and the need to maintain collective pressure to avoid compromising key principles in subsequent decisions. Part of "EU: Parliament, Council & Commission reach political deal on Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive" Story 28 Feb 2024 EU & European Parliament, Mandatory Due Diligence (mHREDD) Article USA: Starbucks agrees to end litigation against union & support collective bargaining framework, after years of union-busting AP News 27 Feb 2024 Part of "USA: Starbucks accused of union-busting tactics amid union drive across three stores" Story While you’re here, could you help to support our work? Story Türkiye: Alleged negligence led to toxic goldmine landslide which has trapped 9 workers & raised severe environmental concerns 27 Feb 2024 Latest news Company responses From us Myanmar Garment Worker Allegations Tracker: Three years of military rule 1 February 2024 marks three years since the military takeover of Myanmar. Since then, we've recorded hundreds of attacks on garment workers’ human rights both in their workplaces and on the streets. We examine allegations of abuse tracked over the past year and responses from international buyers alongside testimony from workers. Read more BHR in conflict-affected areas Mohammed Ibrahim Bombing of Gaza Strip, 2023 Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territory 🆕 Big Issue: Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territory Commentary: Tech & tragedy in Gaza & Israel: companies must act to protect human rights Russia-Ukraine Big Issue: Russian military aggression in Ukraine Ongoing company responses to questions on their human rights due diligence Labour Rights The latest news on labour rights and our work supporting and advancing the labour rights of workers in global supply chains. Myanmar garment worker allegations tracker Myanmar’s military illegally seized power on 1 February 2021. Through collaboration with partners and allies inside and outside Myanmar, the Business & Human Rights Resource Centre is monitoring the significant increase in labour and human rights abuses of garment workers across the country since the military takeover. Migrant workers in global supply chains The ILO estimates there are over 169 million international migrant workers globally. In some regions and particular sectors, migrants make up the majority or a significant minority of the workforce. In each of the Gulf states, for example, migrants make up between 60 and 95% of the working population. Northern, Southern and Western Europe, and North America are also key receiving regions for migrant workers. Globally, in sectors such as construction, agriculture, transport and health care, migrants make a vital contribution. However, while labour migration brings economic, social, and cultural benefits to migrants, and to their countries of origin and destination, migrant workers are particularly vulnerable to exploitation and abuse. KnowTheChain KnowTheChain is a resource for companies and investors to understand and address forced labour risks within their supply chains. Natural Resources and Just Energy Transition Energy, minerals, land and water sit at the heart of the transition to low-carbon economies, and at the start of every supply chain. However, the use of our planet's resources is all too often entwined with human rights abuse. Find out why we must ensure that the transition is both fast and fair. Shared prosperity models & Indigenous leadership for a just transition News and resources from Indigenous Peoples Rights International and Business & Human Rights Resource Centre exploring the significant opportunity of Indigenous co-ownership of renewable energy projects, for an energy transition that is fast, just and equitable. Just energy transition principles for human rights in business and investment Extractives & Transition Minerals Human rights impacts of the extractive industries and industry-specific initiatives to improve companies’ human rights practices Technology & Human Rights Technology offers powerful tools for society, but restrictions to digital freedom, and developments in artificial intelligence, automation and robotics, raise serious concerns about the impacts on human rights and the future of work. Digital Freedom Latest news and developments on declining digital freedom and key reports, guidance and tools Gig Economy Human rights implications and legal and policy rights protection frameworks for gig economy workers Automation Impacts of growing automation and mechanisation on work and human rights Mandatory Due Diligence The growing worldwide movement to legally require companies to undertake human rights and environmental due diligence. National & Regional Developments on mHRDD Find initiatives tracking and analysing legal developments Companies & Investors in Support of mHREDD List of large businesses, associations & investors with public statements & endorsements in support of mandatory due diligence regulation Guidance for Governments on Human Rights Due Diligence Policies Explore resources and materials Gender, Business & Human Rights Applying an intersectional approach is the most powerful way to tackle unfair treatment and transform the status quo. Gender justice must lie at the heart of business and human rights. Tools & Guidance Tools and guidance to strengthen connections between gender, business and human rights. Research & Analysis Unpack the gendered dimensions of different issues Webinars, Videos & Podcasts Watch and listen to different issues related to gender, business and human rights UN Guiding Principles The UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights are a set of guidelines for States and companies to prevent, address and remedy human rights abuses committed in business operations. UNGPs Guidance & Implementation See how companies and governments should implement the UNGPs Background & History of the Guiding Principles Find out how the UN Guiding Principles came to exist Text of the Guiding Principles The full text of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights Find more big issues Company responses Our data 166,075 Total number of items 5,016 Attacks on human rights defenders 9,041 Company response requests 20 YEARS OF Business & Human Rights Resource Centre Events | Jobs | Media | Data Usage & Cookies | Contact UsDisclaimer: Business & Human Rights Resource Centre and its collaborative partners take no position on the diverse views presented in linked material within the database, nor can we guarantee the factual accuracy of all the articles and reports we make available. The appearance of such links does not constitute endorsement of the websites they lead to or the information contained therein, over which we exercise no editorial control.Business & Human Rights Resource Centre Registered Charity in England & Wales no. 1096664, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in USA and registered charitable association (e.V.) in Germany (VR 38088 B). Read our weekly news summary