Business Intelligence Reports Transition | Legacy BI Migration And Automation Home Why DataTerrain Reports Conversion Services ETL Solutions Performed multiple ETL pipeline building and integrations. Oracle HCM Analytics 9 years of building Oracle HCM fusion analytics & reporting experience. Data Lake Experienced in building Data Lakes with Billions of records. BI products Successfully delivered multiple BI product-based projects. Legacy scripts Successfully transitioned legacy scripts from Mainframes to Cloud. AI ML solutions Expertise in building innovative AI/ML-based projects. Resources Tools Designed to facilitate data analysis and reporting processes. Latest News Explore the Latest Tech News and Innovations Today. Blogs Practical articles with Proven Productivity Tips. Videos Watch the engaging and Informative Video Resources. Customer Stories A journey that begins with your goals and ends with great outcomes. Careers Your career is a journey. Cherish the journey, and celebrate the wins. Contact Us #Automating Data Insights Automation Delivers BI reporting and Data Analytics Initiate the shift 270+ Customers in the USA Our KPIs are Knowledge, Performance, and Innovation. 14 Years of experience 15K+ BI reports and Dashboards Built by our Data Analytics and Business Intelligence team. Business Intelligence Reports Transition Automation Legacy Reports Regularly used but outdated, inflexible, and a security risk. Automation Rebuilds in newer technology in rapid mode. Best Practices Newly built reports & dashboards adhere to new standards. Quality Assurance We test functionality & data accuracy extensively. Newly Built Reports Newly built reports are reviewed by business users. Deployment We deploy in the development, production servers, or cloud. Services We value our new and long-term customers and deliver the best. Innovation We maintain a culture of consistent innovation, refining processes and tools. Expertise A wealth of references from satisfied clients backs our track record of project execution ETL Solutions Efficiently performed multiple ETL pipeline building and integrations. View information Oracle HCM Analytics 9 years of building Oracle HCM fusion analytics & reporting experience. View information Data Lake Experienced in building Data Lakes with Billions of records. View information BI Products Successfully delivered multiple BI product-based projects. View information Legacy Scripts Successfully transitioned legacy scripts from Mainframes to Cloud. View information AI ML Solutions Expertise in building innovative AI and Machine Learning based projects. View information Cost-Benefit Ratio We meticulously review projects from the customer's perspective. Digital Automation Our automation techniques and tools are customer-centric. Key Benefits of Our Expert BI Transition Service for Modern Reporting Seamless Integration Integrating newly built reports into existing applications. Scalability and Flexibility Automation to achieve versatile and robust analytics. Risk Compliance Risk assessment, compliance measures, and reporting. Precision and Accuracy Automation delivers consistency, repeatability, and reliability. Enhanced Efficiency Increased productivity, resource utilization, and competitive advantage. Innovate and Future Creative and inventive approaches to solve existing problems. /*-/ Data Engineering & Data Analytics Realtime Data Analytics Built robust analytics and reporting on small and large-scale data sources. Real-Time Data Processing Built billions of records processing data flows in ETL and Data Lake. launch the transformation Customer growth map Our customer success and growth chart shows our reputation as a reliable and trusted business year after year. Connect for Success Insights Now 14 years, We have created data engineering designs and tools. Story videoWatch Connect with Us About Careers Privacy Policy Terms and condtions Sources Blogs Tools News Videos Get in touch connect@dataterrain.com +1 650-701-1100 Subscribe to newsletter Enter your email address for receiving valuable newsletters. © 2024 Copyright by DataTerrain Inc.