Project Drawdown Jump to navigation Search Climate Solutions Drawdown Foundations Drawdown Solutions Library Drawdown Roadmap Climate Solutions Are Local and GlobalThe transition to clean energy presents opportunities for education and employment for communities everywhere. Programs Drawdown Labs Drawdown Business Coalition Drawdown Capital Coalition Drawdown Lift Drawdown Stories Drawdown’s Neighborhood Drawdown Science Programs Powering ChangeProject Drawdown's programs are working to advance climate solutions—such as plant-rich diets—across the world. Discover Drawdown Discover Climate Solutions 101 Drawdown Insights Publications The Book Drawdown DiscoverLike to help put the brakes on climate change, but not sure where to start? Check out our new DISCOVER page for customizable access to Project Drawdown resources to guide your climate solutions journey. About Our Team Board of Directors Careers Events Ways To Give Get Involved Newsletter Sign-up Contact Us ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONSProject Drawdown is a nonprofit organization that seeks to help the world stop climate change—as quickly, safely, and equitably as possible. Climate SolutionsDrawdown Foundations Drawdown Solutions Library Drawdown Roadmap ProgramsDrawdown LabsDrawdown Business Coalition Drawdown Capital Coalition Drawdown Lift Drawdown StoriesDrawdown’s Neighborhood Drawdown Science DiscoverDrawdown Discover Climate Solutions 101 Drawdown Insights Publications The Book AboutOur Team Board of Directors Careers Events Ways To Give Get Involved Newsletter Sign-up Contact Us Search form Search Home The Drawdown Roadmap Drawdown Solutions Library Saving (for) the Planet Drawdown’s Neigborhood Reducing Black Carbon 2022 Annual Update Climate-Poverty Connections Report Climate Solutions at Work The World’s Leading Resource for Climate Solutions Project Drawdown’s mission is to help the world stop climate change—as quickly, safely, and equitably as possible. We do this by advancing effective, science-based climate solutions and strategies; fostering bold, new climate leadership; and promoting new climate narratives and new voices. Learn MoreTake ActionFind Resources The Drawdown RoadmapPresented by Project Drawdown, the Drawdown Roadmap is a science-based strategy for accelerating climate solutions across sectors, timescales, and geographies. Free and streaming now. WATCH NOW Drawdown Solutions Library Project Drawdown’s world-class network of scientists, researchers, and fellows has characterized a set of 93 technologies and practices that together can dramatically reduce concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Solar Hot Water Seafloor Protection Building Retrofitting Distributed Solar Photovoltaics Utility-Scale Solar Photovoltaics Small Hydropower Utility-Scale Energy Storage Perennial Staple Crops Improved Manure Management Carpooling Coastal Wetland Restoration Efficient Aviation Recycled Paper Clean Cooking Micro Wind Turbines Alternative Refrigerants Biomass Power Forest Protection Tree Plantations (on Degraded Land) Hybrid Cars Family Planning and Education Improved Aquaculture Public Transit Electric Cars LED Lighting Walkable Cities Improved Rice Production Managed Grazing Nuclear Power Net Zero Buildings Biogas for Cooking Grassland Protection Biochar Production Reduced Plastics Perennial Biomass Production Grid Flexibility Farm Irrigation Efficiency System of Rice Intensification Methane Digesters Peatland Protection and Rewetting Regenerative Annual Cropping Indigenous Peoples’ Forest Tenure Concentrated Solar Power Recycling Recycled Plastics Plant-Rich Diets Efficient Trucks Offshore Wind Turbines Abandoned Farmland Restoration Multistrata Agroforestry Geothermal Power Insulation Conservation Agriculture Improved Cattle Feed High-Efficiency Heat Pumps Nutrient Management Electric Trains Refrigerant Management Seaweed Farming High-Performance Glass Tropical Forest Restoration Telepresence Onshore Wind Turbines Dynamic Glass Microgrids Low-Flow Fixtures Smart Thermostats Building Automation Systems Sustainable Intensification for Smallholders Tree Intercropping Recycled Metals Macroalgae Protection and Restoration Bamboo Production Bioplastics Electric Bicycles Efficient Ocean Shipping Temperate Forest Restoration District Heating Landfill Methane Capture High-Speed Rail Improved Fisheries Silvopasture Ocean Power Green and Cool Roofs Reduced Food Waste Methane Leak Management Bicycle Infrastructure Composting Waste to Energy Coastal Wetland Protection Water Distribution Efficiency Distributed Energy Storage Alternative Cement Explore The Library Programs DrawdownLabs Drawdown Labs works to advance the next level of business leadership on climate solutions. Individual companies can offer the world powerful new ways to address climate change at unprecedented scale. Learn More DrawdownLift Drawdown Lift works to deepen collective understanding of the links between climate change solutions and poverty alleviation, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. Learn more DrawdownStories Drawdown Stories identifies and produces multimedia stories as a bridge between the science and solutions of Project Drawdown and the people looking for their own roles in the climate solutions space. Learn more DrawdownScience Drawdown Science develops and disseminates science-based strategies for accelerating adoption of climate solutions. Learn more Learn More About Our Programs Drawdown Insights Video | February 27, 2024The climate solutions worth funding – nowThere’s no question about it: We have all of the solutions to climate change we need. But which solutions should we deploy, and when and where should we deploy them, to have the biggest impact in the least amount of time? In his latest TED Talk, Project Drawdown executive director Jonathan Foley presents the Drawdown Roadmap, a science-based framework for identifying the best solutions to use at the right time and in the right place to address climate change while improving human well-being and providing other benefits as well. From emphasizing emergency brake solutions to elevating the importance of time over tech, the talk is sure to inform and inspire you as much as it did the live audience of executives, scientists, policymakers, artists, activists, innovators, and others at TED Countdown Summit 2023 in Detroit. Speaking to an invitation-only audience, Foley unpacked the Roadmap’s signature approach to allocating climate solutions funding to maximize returns on investment: 1) start with solutions that reduce greenhouse gas emissions immediately; 2) deploy currently available solutions rather than count on new technologies to do the job later; 3) home in on geographic hot spots; and 4) prioritize solutions that also boost human well-being. Watch the video now by clicking on the image above – then share with colleagues and others who might benefit from this important message. Read more Video | February 21, 2024Built This Way: How better buildings are essential for stopping climate changeFrom how they're built to how they're run, buildings are a major contributor to global greenhouse gas emissions. Therefore building better is essential for stopping climate change and creating a healthier, more sustainable planet. In this latest in our series of Ignite webinars, Project Drawdown senior scientist Amanda D. Smith shares insights into how the built environment contributes to climate change – and the part it can play in mitigating it. Top Takeaways: The footprint of buildings is expected to grow 75% by 2050, with the bulk of that in low and middle-income countries. Calculations of how much buildings contribute to Earth’s greenhouse gas burden vary, but one thing is clear: If we want to halt climate change, we need to alter how we make and use buildings. Buildings’ biggest direct climate impacts come from burning fossil fuels and using refrigerants. Other contributors include electricity, transportation, other energy-related emissions, and land use change. For advanced buildings with low energy use, embodied emissions (industrial emissions and others created in making the materials that comprise the building) are an increasingly large portion of their overall climate impact. Read more Perspective | February 7, 2024 Room to grow: Identifying the best opportunities for improving crop yieldby James GerberThe global food system isn’t broken, yet it needs fixing. Agriculture is vital: It produces food for all of us, provides employment for over a billion people, and is central to many developing economies. It also is under a LOT of pressure: In the years ahead, it will need to meet growing demand while minimizing its environmental footprint and coping with a changing climate. If we improve yields on current farmlands, we can meet these needs without more land clearing – a huge contributor to climate change – and even allow some land to return to a natural state. Technological improvements, from improved farming machinery, to readily available fertilizers, to the hybrid seeds of the Green Revolution, to computer-assisted modern farming technology, have dramatically increased productivity in the past. But how much more can yields be improved? And where? A study my colleagues and I recently published in the journal Nature Food examines this question through the lens of the “yield gap.” The yield gap is the difference between the per-acre or per-hectare crop yield farmers *could* obtain (the “yield ceiling”) and what they *do* obtain (the “actual yield”). Yield gaps aren’t necessarily a bad thing if it means that improvements are coming faster than farmers can apply them. Take maize in the United States, for example. The yield ceiling has seen steady increase, thanks to research into improved cultivars, inputs, and farming technologies. The actual yield is steadily increasing as well, showing that farmers are adopting new technologies and practices at about the same rate they’re being developed, though with a bit of a lag. Read more See All Insights Sign Up For Our Newsletter First Name Last Name Email Sign Up Back to top Climate SolutionsDrawdown Foundations Drawdown Solutions Library Drawdown Roadmap ProgramsDrawdown Labs Drawdown Lift Drawdown Stories Drawdown Science DiscoverDrawdown Discover Climate Solutions 101 Drawdown Insights Publications The Book AboutOur Team Board of Directors Careers Events Ways To Give Get Involved Newsletter Sign-up Contact Us Follow @ProjectDrawdown Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Threads Privacy Policy Copyright © 2014–2024 Project Drawdown. All rights reserved. The Project Drawdown name and Drawdown logo are registered trademarks of Project Drawdown.