Interactive HTML5 and JavaScript Maps for Websites | Simplemaps.com image/svg+xml Mapsfdfd Toggle navigation US Map World Map Features Docs Pricing Contact Products Maps World Map USA State Map USA County Map USA Congress North America Europe Canada United Kingdom Australia Custom Map City/Neighborhood City/Zip More maps... Data US Zips US Cities Canada Cities US Counties US Neighborhoods World Cities Congress GIS All Map Products All Data Products HTML5 US Map This popular map includes zoomable states, state labels and latitude and longitude markers. An ideal way to display office locations, visualize statistics, or improve site navigation. Learn More HTML5 World Map Our signature map of the world uses the beautiful Robinson projection. This map includes latitude and longitude markers, intuitive region-based zooming, customizable popups and much more. Learn More Mobile-friendly! Our HTML5 Maps look great on iPhones, iPads, Android devices, smart phones, tablets and more. The maps detect these devices and shows them a touch-friendly interface. When in responsive mode, the map's width will expand to fit the available space. Previous Next Simple to Use Customize maps by editing an online spreadsheet or simple text file. No knowledge of HTML5 or JavaScript is required. Step-by-step documentation makes installation painless. Mobile Compatible Our HTML5 maps look gorgeous on iPhones, Android devices and iPads. Our responsive maps automatically detect mobile devices and adjust navigation to be touch friendly. Awesome Support Get fast answers from the one of the map's developers. We're happy to troubleshoot any installation or customization issues that arise. Just ask! Customer Comments To say I was impressed would be a tremendous understatement. I will be recommending this product to anyone with similar needs. Matthew Gagnon, Republican Governors Association ..a great product and terrific customer service. Jeremy K.Washington, DC ...the [installation] process was absolutely painless. KC Burkekcautomarine.com "this product [comes] with the kind of hands-on help you don't see much these days Ken H. pdhengineer.com ...prompt customer service and web savvy enabled my [map] to be fully integrated in no time at all. Luke, StylePass ...an attractive and intuitive starting point for our location search. One question I submitted via the web site was answered within hours. Angus M., Web Developer Very impressed, and if you're looking for an interactive map for your web site, you can't go wrong with this product. Mark Barrett, MHz Marketing, Inc. Next Customers Include Customer Examples "I'm happy to provide an unqualified endorsement of SimpleMaps." Steve DaviesEndangered Species and Wetlands Report Read More "Though Simplemaps is very easy to set up, it also offers a sophisticated API, allowing us to add advanced functionality." Tim BesselingThomas Cook Netherlands Read More Compatible Platforms* *We've tested our maps on these platforms. This does not imply an affiliation or endorsement of these organizations. All logos are trademarked. About Us We have been developing, selling, and supporting interactive maps for over 14 years. Our Company SimpleMaps.com Pareto Software, LLC Cincinnati, OH [email protected] Support We pride ourselves on providing great customer service and timely support for our products. If you need any help, don't hesitate to get in touch. Guarantee If you are not satisfied with your map, return it within 30 days for a full refund. No questions asked. Home | License | Privacy | Releases | Testimonials | Resources | Documentation | Order Lookup | All Maps | FAQs Formerly FlashUSAmap.com and FlashWorldMap.com SimpleMaps.com is a product of Pareto Software, LLC. © 2010-2024.