International Center of Photography | Photography School and Museum Join our mailing list Stay updated on our latest news. I would like to receive the following email newsletter: ICP Updates Learn about our exhibitions, school, events, and more. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at digitalcontent@icp.org. We will treat your information with respect. For more information, read our Privacy Policy. By clicking Submit, you agree that we may send you communications in accordance with these terms. Submit Cancel We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms. Support ICP Become a Member Login Visit Exhibitions Education Events Explore Shop About Visit Exhibitions Education Events Explore Shop About Shop Become a Member Support ICP Subscribe Login Exhibitions Visit for ICP's 50th Anniversary Winter Exhibitions David Seidner, Francine Howell, Azzedine Alaïa, 1986. David Seidner Archive, International Center of Photography © International Center of Photography © The International Center of Photography (ICP), located at 79 Essex Street, New York City, is the world’s leading institution dedicated to photography and visual culture. Exhibitions ICP at 50: From the Collection, 1845–2019 Exhibitions Exhibitions ICP at 50: From the Collection, 1845–2019 Events Events "Hard Times are Fighting Times:” A Lecture Performance by Alice Proujansky Photography is demonstrably the most contemporary of art forms. It is the most vital, effective, and universal means of communication of facts and ideas between peoples and nations. CORNELL CAPA Photographer and ICP Founder Events Events Nuyorican Poets Café x ICP: 1,000 Words Open Mic Series Events Events Cameras and Coffee: Community Meet-Up (March 2024) Events Events ICP Symposium—Seeing Meaning: From Pictographs to AI Education Register for Courses & Workshops at ICP Follow Us Education Applications Now Open for In-Person One-Year Certificate Programs Events Events The Naomi Rosenblum ICP Talks Photographer Lecture Series Presents: Pete Souza with Dawn Porter Follow Us Events Events Book Event—"COLLABORATION: A Potential History of Photography” Subscribe Visit Hours & Admissions Find Us Museum Tickets Museum Tours Contact Contact Us Subscribe Jobs Support Membership Corporate Giving Individual Giving Donate News & Press Press Room ICP News Follow International Center of Photography 79 Essex Street, New York, NY 10002 Copyright © 1974 – 2024 International Center of Photography +1 212.857.0000info@icp.orgTermsPrivacy This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. I Accept I Decline