Fossbytes - Technology Simplified Skip to content How To TopX Explained Review Sponsored Search Toggle Menu How To How To Bypass Netflix’s Home Location Restriction? ByHisan Kidwai March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 Netflix’s recent crackdown on password-sharing aimed to curb revenue losses caused by widespread sharing among friends. While this move is understandable, it has also caused a big headache for users within the same household accessing the service from different locations. Fortunately, there’s a simple solution to Netflix’s home location problem—NordVPN Meshnet. Here’s how you can… Read More How To Bypass Netflix’s Home Location Restriction?Continue News iPhone SE 4 Is Coming? Everything You Need To Know It ByHisan Kidwai March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 When Apple reintroduced the iPhone SE, it offered a great choice for users who wanted the familiarity of the home button with a modern processor and a respectable camera. Despite its initial success, the lack of a lineup refresh for almost two years sparked speculation that the company might have axed it altogether. However, recent… Read More iPhone SE 4 Is Coming? Everything You Need To Know ItContinue News Everything about the Samsung Galaxy Ring: Specs, Features, and Pricing ByHisan Kidwai February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 In the post-pandemic era, it’s no surprise that monitoring health metrics has become a crucial aspect of everyday life. While many turn to smartwatches from Apple and Samsung for this purpose, a significant number are still dissuaded by the aesthetics and the fact that these devices replace traditional watches. To address this, Samsung is working… Read More Everything about the Samsung Galaxy Ring: Specs, Features, and PricingContinue How To How To Record Calls With Truecaller And Get AI Transcript? ByHisan Kidwai February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 The debate surrounding call recording, particularly the ability to record conversations without the knowledge of the other party, has been ongoing for quite some time. Nevertheless, Truecaller has launched a new call recording feature in India, which leverages generative AI to prepare a transcript of the conversation as well. Here is everything you need to… Read More How To Record Calls With Truecaller And Get AI Transcript?Continue News Everything About iQOO Z9 5G: Launch Date, Specs, And Price ByHisan Kidwai February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 It’s no secret that iQOO has experienced a remarkable resurgence in recent years, transforming from a shadow brand of Vivo into a full-fledged competitor. After successfully launching the flagship iQOO 12 Pro and the mid-range iQOO Neo 9 Pro, the company is now turning its attention to the budget segment with the upcoming iQOO Z9… Read More Everything About iQOO Z9 5G: Launch Date, Specs, And PriceContinue How To How To Set Microsoft Copilot As The Default Voice Assistant On Android? ByHisan Kidwai February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 Generative AI chatbots have been the headlines over the past few years, helping users in various workflows. However, perhaps the best implementation of these AI chatbots is in the digital assistant industry, which has seen limited development. Despite Google’s recent introduction of Gemini as a replacement for Google Assistant, the AI still lacks various capabilities…. Read More How To Set Microsoft Copilot As The Default Voice Assistant On Android?Continue News New Nvidia App: Everything Know About The New GPU Companion App ByHisan Kidwai February 26, 2024February 26, 2024 While Nvidia’s GPUs are top-of-the-line, its software for managing the performance of its cards has often left much to be desired. Now, to address this issue, Nvidia is merging its Control Panel and GeForce Experience apps into a new, unified Nvidia app. Here’s everything you need to know about it. Capabilities and features As mentioned… Read More New Nvidia App: Everything Know About The New GPU Companion AppContinue News Everything About Google Pixel Fold 2: Launch Date, Specs, And Price ByHisan Kidwai February 26, 2024February 26, 2024 When Google first announced the Pixel Fold, many expected the company to lead the charge in the foldable sector, given that Google owns Android. However, while the device’s form factor was certainly better than Samsung’s implementation, it fell short in other departments. As a result, many have been eagerly awaiting the company’s next iteration, the… Read More Everything About Google Pixel Fold 2: Launch Date, Specs, And PriceContinue How To How To Set ChatGPT As The Default Voice Assistant On Android? ByHisan Kidwai February 24, 2024February 23, 2024 Generative AI has taken the world by storm, penetrating almost every industry, from designing and coding to music. Undoubtedly, the best use case of generative AI is in the voice assistant industry, which has seen limited development in the past few years. While Google has recently started rolling out Gemini as a replacement for Google… Read More How To Set ChatGPT As The Default Voice Assistant On Android?Continue Geek | List CAMM2 RAM Standard: Everything You Need To Know About It ByHisan Kidwai February 24, 2024February 23, 2024 RAM is perhaps one of the most crucial aspects of a computer, as it stores all ongoing tasks and processes. Given its importance, one might assume that the tech industry consistently updates the RAM standard to make it faster and more stable. Unfortunately, this is not the case, as the SO-DIMM has been the industry… Read More CAMM2 RAM Standard: Everything You Need To Know About ItContinue Page navigation 1 2 3 … 999 Next PageNext How To Bypass Netflix’s Home Location Restriction? iPhone SE 4 Is Coming? Everything You Need To Know It Everything about the Samsung Galaxy Ring: Specs, Features, and Pricing How To Record Calls With Truecaller And Get AI Transcript? Everything About iQOO Z9 5G: Launch Date, Specs, And Price About Us Contact Us Jobs Privacy Policy Cookie Policy How To TopX Explained Review Sponsored Toggle Menu Close Search for: Search