Michael Langlois Skip to content Search for: En Fr Michael Langlois About me Missions News Calendar Categories Courses Bibliography Questions Contact Michael Langlois Bible & History Missions News My Missions Discovering Research • Publications • Meetings Sharing Courses • Conferences Broadcasting TV • Radio • Press • Internet At A Glance Interview: The Polymath, in the Smithsonian Magazine Interview C8: On the Footsteps of Jesus and The Miracles of Jesus Who Wrote the Bible? On RTS and RMC TV, 4-5 Apr 2021 The Language Barrier Interview on National Belgian TV: Does the Bible Still Speak Today? See Also Interview: The Polymath, in the Smithsonian Magazine Interview C8: On the Footsteps of Jesus and The Miracles of Jesus Biblical Jerusalem. The Birth of a Holy City, on France Culture Radio Who Wrote the Bible? On RTS and RMC TV, 4-5 Apr 2021 New York Times: On the Shapira Deuteronomy The Language Barrier Theories on the Holy Graal, 4 Dec 2020 at 9pm on RMC Découverte TV Interview on National Belgian TV: Does the Bible Still Speak Today? Theology, Bible and Philology, in Strasbourg, 7 Sept 2020 “Jerusalem of Mysteries” and “Mysteries in the Holy Land,” 17 Dec on RMC Discovery The Origins of Islam, in Saint-Maur on 18 Jan 2020 Interview: The Birth of Judaism on France Culture Radio The Qumran Saga Continues: Interview for Science & Life Magazine The Samaritan Pentateuch and the Dead Sea Scrolls The Dead Sea Scrolls Mystery, in Le Figaro French-Israeli Maimonides Hubert Curien Grant The Case for Christ in Strasbourg on 18 Feb 2018 The 13 Fake Dead Sea Scrolls: Interview in Life Magazine Advanced Aramaic in Paris 2017-18 Textual Criticism of the Hebrew Bible 2017-18 in Paris News Interview RCF: Visages Posted on 26 February 2024 by Michael Langlois I answer Thierry Lyonnet’s questions in his show Visages on RCF Radio.... Read More Qumran: Latest Revelations, on Campus Protestant Posted on 21 January 2024 by Michael Langlois I am interviewed by Campus Protestant on the latest news and discoveries about the Dead Sea Scrolls. Here is the video: I want to thank Jean-Luc Mouton for this interview.... Read More Jesus: Investigating the Mystery of the Holy Shroud, on RMC Story Posted on 22 December 2023 by Michael Langlois I am interviewed by RMC Story on the most controversial relic: the Holy Shroud of Turin... Read More The fascinating story of the discovery of biblical manuscripts Posted on 22 November 2023 by Michael Langlois Pèlerin Magazine publishes an article on the oldest manuscripts of the Bible and their discovery in the modern era.... Read More Lourdes: The Enigma of Unexplained Healings, on RMC Story Posted on 25 October 2023 by Michael Langlois I am interviewed by RMC Story on the miracles of Lourdes.... Read More Read more... Events Aucun événement trouvé avec ces critères QuestionsÉvangile essénien : fake ? Yakhin : le nom de la colonne du temple de Salomon L’Alpha et l’Oméga avant Jésus ? Chronologie des langues et écritures sémitiques Prédestination ou libre arbitre ? CommentsHenoch on 1 Hénoch, 2 Hénoch, 3 Hénoch et le Fils de l’HommeGermain on L’empereur Constantin et la BibleMoi on L’épopée de Gilgamesh est-elle une source de la Bible ?Mickael Leximond on Les Arabes sont-ils les descendants d’Ismaël ?SABBE on Saga Semitica Episode 19Stay in Touch sending... Please leave me your contact details to receive news by e-mail: Name E-mail I agree to my submitted data being stored and used to receive newsletters Tags Moabite Pentateuch New Testament apocrypha Latin Phoenician rape Moses Ugaritic Abraham theology Aramaic Pharm’Aviv Campus protestant Egypt Semitic digital humanities protestant #MeToo Université de Strasbourg computer science exegesis Enoch Greek Joshua history forgeries Judaism David Evangelical Christianity linguistics philology Réforme Hebrew Arabic religions Islam TaNaKh Old Testament Saga Semitica Jesus Gospels canon archaeology Dead Sea Scrolls Mesopotamia Genesis Bible feminism pseudepigrapha Exodus epigraphy papyrology codicology Syriac APM Akkadian Categories Computer Science (19) Courses and seminars (100) Selection (71) At a glance (11) Conferences (183) Evaluations (2) Media (280) Games (1) Internet (63) Press (114) Radio (48) TV (66) Meetings (117) Projects (40) Publications (107) Qualifications (11) Questions (313) Contact To comment on a post, please use the comment form. To inquire about my courses or resources, please have a look here. To send me a message or ask a question, please use the following contact form: [anr-captcha] Last Name and First Name E-mail Confirm E-mail Subject Message Powered by Nitro Theme. © 2024 Michael Langlois. All Rights Reserved.