Workman Publishing – Home | Hachette Book Group Email Novel Suspects Logo Close menu Explore Hachette Book Group menu Genres Children’s Books Cooking Fiction Mind, Body, Spirit Mystery & Thriller Nonfiction Romance Sci-Fi & Fantasy Teen & Young Adult Travel Authors Our Authors Author Events Discover Store Imprints About Us About Hachette Book Group Careers Get recommended reads, deals, and more from Workman Your email address Sign Up By clicking ‘Sign Up,’ I acknowledge that I have read and agree to Hachette Book Group’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Go to Hachette Book Group home Search Search Hachette Submit Join the Club! Site Preferences Show prices in: USD CAD Promotion Use LUCKY24 for 20% off site wide + free shipping over $45 Workman Publishing Company menu Books Authors Catalogs About About Us Our History Contact Us Submissions Review Copies Shop Workman Publishing – Home Workman Publishing Workman Family New Releases The Color of Calm Cool, Cosmic Tattoo Stars and Planets Force of Nature The Montessori Child Clever Creatures of the Night The Solvers Book #2: The Shrinking Setback The Solvers Book #1: The Divmulti Ray Dilemma The Backyard Homestead Guide to Growing Organic Food Slow Noodles Weeds of the Pacific Northwest Previous Next Carousel pagination Stress Resets A clinical psychologist gives us 75 quick, scientifically proven techniques and exercises to manage stress and build resilience. Here’s a promise that could not be more timely or needed: You can dial down your stress in just a few minutes, with no ponderous meditations, medications, or martinis required. Written by Dr. Jennifer L. Taitz, a clinical psychologist who specializes in teaching mindfulness-based behavioral skills to manage intense emotions and situations, Stress Resets provides 75 scientifically proven ways to improve how you respond to stress, both in the moment and the long run. FIND OUT MORE Bestsellers and Award Winners Learn by Sticker: Beginning Phonics Philip Glass Piano Etudes Finding Your Way The Ogress and the Orphans Previous Next Carousel pagination New from Workman Kids Bold statements, compelling quotes, and thoughtful prompts lead young Black girls on a journey of ancestral wisdom and self-discovery in this beautifully illustrated guided journal. Learn More Discover More Children's Books Cooking Fiction Mind, Body, Spirit Mystery & Thriller Nonfiction Teen & Young Adult Travel Featured Authors Derrick D. Barnes Douglas W. Tallamy Rebecca Sheir Julia Alvarez Coming Soon The Insect Artist Conscious Grieving Let's Learn to Fish! The Swan's Nest Previous Next Carousel pagination Newsletter Signup Get recommended reads, deals, and more from Workman Your email address Sign Up By clicking ‘Sign Up,’ I acknowledge that I have read and agree to Hachette Book Group’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Footer Hachette Book Group is a leading book publisher based in New York and a division of Hachette Livre, the third-largest publisher in the world. Social Media Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Tiktok Email Newsletter Signup Get recommended reads, deals, and more from Workman Your email address Sign Up By clicking ‘Sign Up,’ I acknowledge that I have read and agree to Hachette Book Group’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use About About About Us Our Leadership Imprints Newsletter Subscription Banned and Challenged Books Social Impact at HBG Accessibility Statement HBG In the News Press & Publicity Resources Resources Authors & Agents Booksellers Client Services Librarians & Educators eCommerce Order Support Hachette Academic Hachette Speakers Bureau Careers Contact HBG FAQ Terms and Policies Terms and Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Report Piracy Fraud Alert CPSIA © 2024 Hachette Book Group Portions of data on HachetteBookGroup.com are supplied by Books In Print ®. Copyright 2024 ProQuest LLC. All rights reserved. All rights in images of books or other publications are reserved by the original copyright owners.