Discover Top Blogs & Best Websites in 2024 - Feedspot Home Bloggers Database Submit Your Blog Directory Blog Directory Browse by Categories Locations Others About Us Pricing BLOGGERS DATABASE SUBMIT YOUR BLOG Products News ReaderRead content from different sources in one place. e.g. Blogs, RSS, Youtube channels, Podcast, Magazines, etc. Brand MonitoringMonitor your product name, brand, competitors, keywords, authors, or any other topics. Blogger Outreach or Influencer MarketingReach thousands of authority bloggers and social media influencers in your domain area. Feedspot has over 100k Influential Bloggers database classified in more than 1500 niche categories. Combined NewslettersCombine multiples newsletters into one daily/weekly newsletter. Customize it. Embeddable RSS WidgetsEasiest way to add dynamic and fresh content on your website. RSS CombinerbetaCreate Combine RSS Feeds From Multiple Sources. NewsbetaBrowse news by topics. Select Page + Full database export Export By Category Outreach Guides Search for Blog FeedSpot Bloggers Database Get access to 250K active Bloggers in 1500 niche categories. Get targeted media contact list in your niche at your fingertips so you can focus on running your campaign. Email us the type of bloggers you want to reach out for your marketing campaign at anuj@feedspot.com. We'll share blogger's data in an Excel or CSV format. Email Us Best for Sales, Marketing, PR Journalism, Product Launch, Advertising Press release distribution, Guest or Sponsored post campaign Affiliate collaboration, Shout-outs or Guest interviews Discover Top Blogs and Best Websites in 2024 Recent Blog Lists View All Topic Published On 100 Best Buddhist Blogs and Websites 6h ago 25 Best Elevator Blogs and Websites 8h ago 100 Best Cigar Blogs and Websites 8h ago 40 Best Snow Removal Blogs and Websites 8h ago 100 Best Moving Blogs and Websites 8h ago 45 Best Self Help Blogs and Websites 8h ago 100 Best Inspirational Blogs and Websites 8h ago 70 Best Psychedelic Blogs and Websites 10h ago 70 Best Office 365 Blogs and Websites 10h ago 15 Best Humanist Blogs and Websites 10h ago 40 Best Point of Sale Blogs & News Websites 1d ago 35 Best Indian UX/UI Design Blogs and Websites 1d ago Popular Blog Lists View All Topic # Blogs Design Blogs 2011 Healthcare Blogs 1681 Medical Blogs 1155 Personal Development Blogs 828 Spiritual Blogs 734 Alternative Medicine Blogs 733 Nature Blogs 678 New Zealand Blogs 656 Healing Blogs 637 Religious Blogs 634 Middle East Blogs 591 California Blogs 591 We Operate all over the World 4 Million+ Registered Users 60,000 Customers 250K Bloggers Contact In 150+ Countries Trusted by What they say about us This service has been extremely helpful for me and my team! I currently work for a startup company as an in-house PR Strategist. We have an intern to gather contacts for us, however Feedspot really brought our outreach to another level! I asked for a list of coffee blogs, as we put out a study on the Best Coffee Cities, and was given over the amount we paid for as well as a lot of very useful social media information. It would have taken our intern months to gather this information, but we were able to access it in a few days!! Would recommend this service, especially if you are looking for niche contacts that can't be easily found. Paulina Colwell PR Strategist at Clever Real Estate United States As one who has been burned more than once by purchasing a list, I came to this exchange warily. But boy was my faith rewarded. Proves to be miles above anything else I've bought, by way of a list. Thorough. Tailored. Immensely helpful, and impressed. Dan Hill Founder & President of Sensory Logic, Inc United States I discovered Feedspot during a Google search. I’ve been extremely impressed with everything they have been able to provide me. It’s exactly what I was looking for. The service and speed with which they turned around my request was excellent. There were some specific custom changes I needed and Feedspot provided them quickly and at no extra cost. I recommend them highly. Great product, service and value! Shel Smith Head Shifter at Shiftgate Automotive Auctions Toronto, Ontario, Canada As a publicist during the time of covid-19 it has been rough getting in front of media due to networking events being shut down. This list gave me a list of almost 4000 contacts in the niche I was looking at. I got the list to find popular blogs in a specific niche so I know who to network with. If I was not a PR professional this platform would be my best tool. Anuj even sent great tips 24 hours before the list was sent that helps you to create & nurture those contacts. Great platform to be part of. Founder & CEO at Ruthleess Marketing New York City I must admit, I was a little skeptical at first being a 35 year Independent film producer you are always looking for new ways to think out of the box and create buzz for your films. I received a sample list from Feedspot of bloggers and Horror site magazines and was pleasantly surprised after emailing the contacts I was given at which we got great responses. I couldn't have been more pleased. Suzanne DeLaurentiis Producer Los Angeles, California Fantastic help with securing the perfect blogger list for my book project! I asked for a list of influential bloggers in my space in order to promote my new book. Feedspot gave me the perfect list! And it was double the size they had promised!!! I am thrilled! Definitely use them for your next project. Francine S. Bernitz Marketing & Business Partner, Marketing Strategist, Entrepreneur. Pittsfield, Massachusetts Area I just started a business and am funding it on my own, so finances are tight. I need to make every penny count and not waste my time. I was nervous about this purchase, but I had such a wonderful turnout that I wanted to share my experience. I had 57 people respond very positively to my emails. I am gaining wonderful exposure and am thrilled with this valid help. You can definitely use these services without any reservations. Melissa Friesland Davis CMO at Audioengine Leland, North Carolina Fantastic help with securing the perfect blogger list for my book project! I asked for a list of influential bloggers in my space in order to promote my new book. Feedspot gave me the perfect list! And it was double the size they had promised!!! I am thrilled! Definitely use them for your next project. Dr. Diana Kirschner Author, CEO, Lovein90Days.com New York, New York Feedspot rocks, we are looking to connect with tax blogs specifically (which is very niche), and they developed a list of 700+ bloggers in the space of taxes, fintech, etc. for a really awesome price. Speedy delivery and helpful customer service!Feedspot just kicked our PR program up a notch. Samantha Dorin Marketing Lead at Monaeo New York, New York Feedspot has been helpful to me in regards to identifying the right contacts in various markets to help us promote our product. They have been very responsive to multiple questions that i have asked, and want to help. They have been a good partner in helping me grow our business. Dave Doehr JackRabbit Electric Bike United States COMPANY About Us Our Data Careers We're hiring! Customers Privacy Terms PRODUCTS Content Reader Brand Monitoring Media Contact Database For Publishers Combined Newsletters Embeddable Widgets RSS Combiner Scheduler - Social Media Marketing RESOURCES Blog Video Tutorials Product Development Blog Knowledge Base Recent Changes SOCIAL Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest © 2024 FeedSpot Feedspot lets you read all your favorite websites in one place.You save time by not visiting each website separately to see what's new. or Continue with Google Feedspot lets you read all your favorite websites in one place.You save time by not visiting each website separately to see what's new. or Continue with Google