Journal of Ethics | American Medical Association Skip to main content AMA Journal of Ethics® Illuminating the Art of Medicine Search Menu Main navigation Home Issues Articles Cases Art Multimedia CME For Authors Call for Papers Art Institute of Chicago Call for Artwork Call for Editorial Fellows Trending Topics Mar 2024 Psychiatric Inpatient Environmental Architecture Inpatient psychiatric units designed to reduce patients’ risk of harm to self or others can compromise patients’ comfort. Some environmental modifications prioritize safety by limiting patients’ access to personal items. This set of clinical phenomena is not ethically neutral and should prompt us to carefully consider when and how patients’ experiences of their care environments undermine therapeutic goals of their hospitalizations. This theme issue investigates which criteria we should use to assess and evaluate patients’ risk of harm to self or others and which values we should rely upon to guide which iatrogenic harm risks we accept as products or byproducts of clinical and organizational environmental designs. Volume 26, Number 3: E195-273 Read the Issue Case and Commentary Mar 2024 When Should Inpatient Psychiatric Care Include Access to the Outdoors, Despite Elopement or Other Risks? Allie Slemon, PhD, RN and Shivinder Dhari, MSN, RN Case and Commentary Mar 2024 Should Patients’ Boredom in Locked Inpatient Psychiatric Units Be Considered Iatrogenic Harm? Carrie Tamarelli, MD, Angela Cao, and Rebecca Grossman-Kahn, MD, MBA History of Medicine Mar 2024 What Does the History of Inpatient Psychiatric Unit Design Tell Us About Balancing Safety and Healing for Patients With Suicidal Behaviors? Alice J. Liu, David S. Im, MD, and Laura D. Hirshbein, MD, PhD Case and Commentary Mar 2024 Should Dignity Preservation Be a Precondition for Safety and a Design Priority for Healing in Inpatient Psychiatry Spaces? Róisín Plunkett, MD and Brendan D. Kelly, MD, PhD View all Cases From the Archive Case and Commentary Should Antipsychotics’ Risks Be Accepted by Clinicians on Behalf of Patients to Achieve Benefits of Mitigating Older Adults’ Behavioral Symptoms in Short-Staffed Units? Alex Rollo, MD, Jeena Kar, DO, Uma Suryadevara, MD, and Mary Camp, MD History of Medicine An Architectural History of US Community Hospitals Jeanne Kisacky, PhD, MA, MArch Medicine and Society Designing Nudges for Success in Health Care Joseph D. Harrison, MBDS and Mitesh S. Patel, MD, MBA Medicine and Society Community Mental Health Centers’ Roles in Depolicing Medicine Carmen Black, MD, Emma Lo, MD, and Keith Gallagher, MD About the Journal Our editorial mission is to help medical students, physicians, and all health care professionals make sound ethical decisions in service to patients and society. Founded in 1999, the AMA Journal of Ethics explores ethical questions and challenges that students and clinicians confront in their educational and practice careers. Learn More Upcoming Themes Apr 2024 Global Medical Supply Chain Security May 2024 Antimicrobial Resistance Jun 2024 Antimicrobial Stewardship Jul 2024 Equity in Harm Reduction and Opioid Use Disorder Interventions Aug 2024 Standards in Medical-Legal Partnerships Sep 2024 What Do Good Science and Ethics Require of Human-Centered Research Using Nonhuman Animals? Conley Contest Winners Peruse past winners of our art and essay contests. Winners Call for Papers Submit a manuscript for peer review consideration. Upcoming Themes Editorial Fellows See biosketch of past fellows. Look Ethics Essay Contest Winning essayist is awarded a $5000 prize. Learn more AMA Journal of Ethics® Illuminating the Art of Medicine Footer menu About Conditions of Use Privacy Policy FAQ Contact Copyright 2024 American Medical Association. All Rights Reserved. ISSN 2376-6980