News24 | South Africa's leading source of trusted news, opinion and insight for 25 years Publications YOU go! home City Press e-Editions City Vision BloemExpress Mthatha Express PE Express People's Post Kouga Express Komani Karoo Express UD Express (Uitenhage) BloemNews Noordkaap Bulletin VrystaatKroon Vista DistriksPos Eikestadnuus Hermanus Times Paarl Post TygerBurger Weslander Standard & Breederivier Gazette Partners Welcome to Beauty24 with Edgars Reveal the Why with iStore I Am News24 - Meet Our Subscribers Building a better South Africa, together with Anglo American Beyond the Byline with News24 Government Vacancies Subscribe Sign in Tuesday, 05 March Add location News South Africa Crime and courts Education Service delivery Features Provincial news Gauteng Western Cape KwaZulu-Natal Eastern Cape North West Limpopo Northern Cape Free State Mpumalanga Power Crisis Health Explainers Africa World Good News Business Companies Economy Opinion Markets Investing Entrepreneur Personal finance Tech Public Notices Sport Rugby Springboks Bulls Stormers Sharks Lions Cheetahs Currie Cup Cricket Proteas Domestic International Soccer Bafana and Banyana PSL EPL Golf Tennis Opinion Knockout Athletics Swimming Motorsport Formula 1 Elections 2024 Investigations SILENCED | Babita Deokaran Phala Phala The Eskom Files Gupta Leaks Zondo Explorer Mashatile Unmasked Politics Parliament Political parties Government Life Arts and entertainment Books Relationships Wellness Motoring Food Wine Travel Trends Beauty and Fashion Tech Opinion Columnists Analysis Friday Briefing Letters Cartoons by Carlos Reader hub Editorial feedback and complaints Climate Future News Energy Solutions Environment Special Projects 1h ago Gauteng health department wins right to appeal cancellation of R526 million medical waste tender The judge who invalidated an expired R526 million Gauteng health department tender for crucial medical waste disposal services has granted the department the right to appeal his ruling – on the basis that the tender's expiry may have been challenged too late. SA escapes a recession by the skin of Eskom’s teeth 1h ago UCT invites 'Gupta agent' Matshela Koko to lecture students on 'ethics and professionalism' 8h ago Gqeberha teacher fired after allegedly dragging special needs pupil by her hair 2h ago Injury scare for Bok star Kolbe 13m ago Peekabull! Elusive buffaloes traced to Serengeti Golf and Wildlife Estate 1h ago PLAY! Today’s crossword, wordflower, sudoku and weekly news quiz Election polls open in DAYS HRS MINS FIND MORE ELECTION NEWS More news Mbhazima Shilowa | Political parties gear up for a three-front battle in upcoming election 1h ago Fuel of it! Petrol attendant arrested for allegedly stealing R400 000 from motorists' bank cards 5h ago Nedbank ups dividend on solid results even as impairments jump 30% 1h ago Adriaan Basson | ANC must choose: the Chikane road or the Zuma road 8h ago SEE | Princess Kate makes first public appearance since surgery 3h ago Follow it live LIVE LISTEN | AKA murder case: What happens now that five of seven accused appeared in court? 29 Feb LIVE DEVELOPING | 'Clear' evidence Hamas hostages raped, 'reasonable' to believe rapes on 7 October, UN finds 57m ago LIVE ESKOM UPDATES | Daytime load shedding suspended until further notice 03 Mar Special Features DOCUMENTARY | Deadly Deception: Tangled in the twisted timeline of 'Facebook Rapist' Thabo Bester 28 Feb SA can't pull off democratic change without you. So, let's make a deal? 24 Nov 2023 Manifesto Meter: A News24 tool to engage and compare the manifestos of political parties 04 Mar Videos DOCUMENTARY | Deadly Deception: Tangled in the twisted timeline of 'Facebook Rapist' Thabo Bester 28 Feb WATCH | 'Gwami City' begins work to repair Lilian Ngoyi Street after July blast 20 Feb DOCUMENTARY | Blood on the Tracks: The Battle for Cape Town's Central Line 18 Dec 2023 WATCH | NSPCA finds 3 dead cattle, puts down 5 more on 'death ship' docked in Cape Town 19 Feb WATCH | It's not for personal use, says Cele after Hawks receives 62 new cars 19 Feb WATCH | The Big Debate: Reality Check with Redi Tlhabi 29 Feb WATCH | Law firm to complete probe into Pretoria primary school drowning within 7 days – MEC Chiloane 29 Jan The 'Phoenix' of Hartbeespoort: How Dricus du Plessis 'exploded' into a model pupil 25 Jan WATCH | Eastern Cape scholar transport woes escalate with protests, road closures in Gqeberha 25 Jan Challenge yourself with News24's daily puzzles here 30 Mar 2023 CARTOON BY CARLOS | The ANC's flight of fantasy 29 Feb Life SEE | Princess Kate makes first public appearance since surgery The Princess of Wales was spotted in public on Monday for the first time since she underwent abdominal surgery in mid-January, according... 3h ago Norway's King Harald to stay in hospital all week 1h ago 'Goldmine for scammers': TikTok trend has users sharing dangerous details, cyber security warns 3h ago Say Hello to Beauty24! You'll never want to go anywhere else for all your skincare and beauty needs 01 Dec 2023 DRIVEN | The new Mercedes-Benz GLE SUV is refined and refreshed 8h ago OPINION | Shaking a legacy: Has Harry Potter lost its magic? 8h ago Columnists Mpumelelo Mkhabela is a former parliamentary and political correspondent for the Sunday Times and editor of the Sowetan. He works as an analyst in the... Mpumelelo Mkhabela | SANDF non-combat tragedies reveal a declining capacity Pieter du Toit is News24's assistant editor for in-depth news, and the author of The Stellenbosch Mafia and Enemy of the People. Pieter du Toit | Cadre deployment: Response to ANC activist and justice spokesperson, Chrispin Phiri Adriaan Basson is the editor-in-chief of News24, an award-winning journalist and author of Zuma Exposed, Enemy of the People, and Blessed by Bosasa. Adriaan Basson | Darlin', you gave cadre deployment a bad name Mbhazima Shilowa is a former Premier of the Gauteng Province, trade unionist and Cope leader. Mbhazima Shilowa | Political parties gear up for a three-front battle in upcoming election Karyn Maughan is a specialist legal journalist and author of Lolly Jackson: When Fantasy Becomes Reality. Karyn Maughan | How Hlophe and Motata's false racism claims helped them evade accountability Qaanitah Hunter is News24's political editor and the author of Balance of Power: Ramaphosa and the Future of South Africa. Qaanitah Hunter | SA's date with democracy is 29 May, but many unresolved hurdles remain John Matisonn is the author of 'Cyril's choices: Lessons from 25 years of freedom in South Africa. John Matisonn | 2024: When Zuma and Trump run for office to stay out of jail Opinion and Analysis Oscar van Heerden | Your enemies are not our enemies 1h ago Sipho Masondo | Order of KFC for all just 'standard practice' 8h ago Phillip de Wet | Why SA needs to sell colonialists and imperialists to the African Union – fast 04 Mar South Africa Ransom of nearly R27 million demanded for safe return of Gqeberha businessman A hefty ransom of $1.4 million (about R26.7 million) has been demanded for the safe return of 58-year-old Gqeberha businessman, Neal Ah-Tow. 3h ago Missing Stellenbosch boy found, search for three other children continues 4h ago Mpumalanga doctor arrested for alleged theft of hospital equipment and medication 5h ago Zille declines return to Parliament after elections, holds on to DA's most powerful position 8h ago Merafong Municipality fails to cough up R40m, as it and others owe Rand Water R3bn 8h ago Business Canal+ ups buyout offer for MultiChoice French media giant Canal+ has increased the price it is offering to buy DStv owner MultiChoice by about 19% to R125 per share. 4h ago Smoke and mirrors from big tech has left SA news media in trouble - Sanef 8h ago amaBhungane | Sasfin's existential can of worms and the risk to other banks 8h ago Ninety One launches SA-focused 'evergreen' infrastructure credit fund 04 Mar Painful petrol, diesel price hikes confirmed for Wednesday 04 Mar Sport Coetzee has 40 reasons to celebrate end of Stormers hoodoo, but Bulls have higher URC ambitions Bulls captain Marcell Coetzee has 40 reasons to be happy after his team beat the Stormers 40-22, but their real focus is finishing first on the United Rugby... 1h ago WADA suspends South Africa's doping laboratory over 'multiple non-conformities' 5h ago No fear, just excitement: Five days, two fiery PSL derbies for Cape 'baby' Stellenbosch 1h ago Kaizer Chiefs are falling apart ... but there is one shining light 8h ago 'We don't play as much four-day cricket as we should,' says Domingo after Lions crowned local champs 8h ago Entertainment OPINION | Shaking a legacy: Has Harry Potter lost its magic? In the wake of JK Rowling’s continued transphobia and the announcement of a Harry Potter reboot, fans need to decide if they can still find magic within the beloved... 8h ago 'Cheers': Bonang Matheba celebrates a 'sparkling' milestone following a 'longstanding' legal battle 04 Mar Chip off the old block: Jordan van der Westhuizen opens about his dad, Joost 04 Mar 'New chapter': Adulting's Lungile Duma shares pictures of lobola ceremony 04 Mar Rihanna rakes in 7 figures for first full concert after 8 years as she entertains Asia's richest man 04 Mar World 'Doesn't want to reach an agreement': Gaza ceasefire talks end with no breakthrough Ceasefire talks between Hamas and mediators broke up in Cairo with no breakthrough, with just days left to halt fighting in time for the start of Ramadan. 32m ago LIVE DEVELOPING | 'Clear' evidence Hamas hostages raped, 'reasonable' to believe rapes on 7 October,... 57m ago 'Dangerous manoeuvres': Philippine Coast Guard blames China for ship damaged in collision 46m ago 'Prepared to win a war': China boosts defence spending, hardens stance on Taiwan 1h ago 'A nuclear war may be ignited': North Korea warns of South Korea, US of drill consequences 2h ago Africa UK plan to deport asylum seekers to Rwanda suffers first parliamentary defeat in House of Lords British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak suffered his first defeats over his legislation to send asylum seekers to Rwanda after the upper house of parliament demanded... 3h ago Durban man arrested for Zimbabwe bomb threat that turned Mnangagwa plane around 04 Mar US imposes sanctions on Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa over 'abuses' 04 Mar Jihadists target schools, displace women in Mozambique's Cabo Delgado 04 Mar Bomb threat sees Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa make mid-air U-turn en route to Victoria Falls 01 Mar Arts + Culture Eddie Griffin to headline Laugh Africa, with 50 local and global acts filling the festival line-up Savanna and Showmax have partnered to launch the Laugh Africa Comedy Festival, which will take place between the 5th and 7th of April 2024 at the Sandton Convention... 02 Mar Cape Town hosts retrospective of iconic South African artist Esther Mahlangu 25 Feb Inaugural AlUla Future Culture Summit in Saudi Arabia to celebrate international arts, culture 24 Feb REVIEW | Pain, solitude and triumph - Here's what to expect from Joburg Theatre's For Colored Girls 21 Feb Why Did I Get Married actor Malik Yoba to host masterclass at Joburg Film Festival 21 Feb Relationships Club lighting, dirty towels and coffins as tables: Apartment icks to fix before inviting a date over A new survey has uncovered that dirty towels and other household issues are a relationship deal breaker for most. 01 Mar In love with your therapist? A clinical psychologist explains erotic transference 26 Feb ‘I don’t think of it as a failure’ – Jodie Turner-Smith on divorcing Joshua Jackson 26 Feb Cassper Nyovest and Colin Farrell have opened up about it, but why is sex addiction still so taboo? 23 Feb PHOTOS | 'What a beautiful gift': UK-based Vosloorus couple tie the knot on groom's 30th birthday 21 Feb Motoring DRIVEN | The new Mercedes-Benz GLE SUV is refined and refreshed Mercedes-Benz continues churning out vehicles people want. Hot on the heels of the GLC Coupe, the automaker unleashed its updated GLE and GLE Coupé. 8h ago The Ford driving skills course every South African motorist should do 01 Mar 28 years later: F1 driver Gerhard Berger's stolen Ferrari from 1995 found and traced in 4 days 04 Mar UK drivers targeted for R100 000 double-cab bakkie tax 04 Mar Just how fuel-efficient is the Toyota Corolla Cross Hybrid? 04 Mar Wellness Stigma, inaction and cost: Will SA treat obesity with lessons learned from HIV? About two-thirds of women and almost a third of men in SA are overweight or obese. It’s a new public health threat, which, if not acted on now, will have serious... 04 Mar LIVE BY DESIGN | Changing the ‘what ifs’ of sudden death to ‘even ifs’ 03 Mar Are fears of saying 'no' overblown? 27 Feb Why do I keep getting urinary tract infections? And why are chronic UTIs so hard to treat? 27 Feb LIVE BY DESIGN | Have you ever talked with children about dying? 26 Feb Books A literary festival where words emerged from the earth: The Adam Small Fees in the Cape Winelands Pniel is a sacred spot. And the Adam Small Fees that took place there last weekend was a magnetic occasion. 04 Mar AUDIOBOOK | Listen to Whitey by Niel Joubert, about Whitey Basson, the Shoprite King 01 Mar EXCERPT | Pontsho Pilane's Power and Faith: News24's Book of the Month unpacks religion and politics 01 Mar REVIEW | Love at First Flight is a romance layered with the complexities of the autistic spectrum 01 Mar EXCERPT | The Problem with Black People by Angelo C Louw: Mainstreaming voices from the margins 29 Feb Wine In celebration of 2014: A 10-year-old fine wine auction and report Strauss & Co are running a timed online auction from 1 to 11 March 2024 featuring 108 lots of South African and International Wines from the 2014 vintage. These are... 4h ago RATINGS | Leap years, symphonies, and Stellenbosch: The legacy of the humble Keet First Verse 03 Mar WINE BUSINESS | Karibib Vineyards: The virtues of co-investment viticulture 01 Mar NEW RELEASES | Opstal: How to build a successful multi-generational wine business, one Chenin at... 28 Feb FEATURE | Our very own Italians in the heart of Stellenbosch: Meet the Dalla Cia Family 25 Feb Travel Fun and frivolous, ultra-lux or classical? Three top Mauritius resorts for your next island holiday There are hundreds of resorts catering to all kinds of interests in Mauritius. Here are three of the best atop the list of their respective categories. 01 Mar Here’s what happened to Norwegian Dawn, the cruise ship Mauritius quarantined over cholera fears 01 Mar Debunking the myths: Here are 10 travel 'tips' that could be minimising your experience 27 Feb Why Kings Camp is a top stay in one of Greater Kruger's most underrated private reserves 23 Feb Celebrated chef Reuben Riffel wows guests aboard MSC Poesia cruise ship with 'local flavours' 26 Feb Food Exciting new child-friendly restaurants to try in 2024 23m ago RECIPE | Plant-based cheeseburgers 2h ago Loma Taste: From lockdown experiment to local star 04 Mar Well-known Joburg restaurateur makes the move to the Winelands 04 Mar WATCH | Two top SA chefs collaborate at open-fire cooking lunch in Muldersdrift 02 Mar City Press Sanral to invest R740 million in Eastern Cape road maintenance projects The projects include a periodic maintenance contract for the N2 national road from the Bloukrans River Bridge to the Storms River Village intersection, valued at R80... 1h ago Discovery's pothole academy creates jobs for youth while fixing more than fix 213 000 potholes 1h ago Limpopo government says it only returned R122m to Treasury, not R1bn, amid service delivery failure 1h ago Mondli Makhanya | Gordhan: From finance boss, Zuma follower, national hero, to being despised 1h ago Ukrainian refugees - A people lost in their own country 1h ago Partner Content Secure the bag and earn up to 8.7% interest on your equity in 2024 The promise of 8.7% interest on equities, a first for South Africa, seals the deal for SA traders on the rise with local trading firm Banxso. 08 Feb 6 questions to ask if your business is ready to grow beyond SA’s borders 28 Feb WATCH | A sports oasis for young SA girl stars, provided by Nedbank clients 27 Feb Pretoria man cashes out R60,8m Powerball winnings with Lottoland South Africa 27 Feb 3 steps to harness the impact of e-commerce for small businesses 27 Feb Careers24 Before You Quit: Key Considerations for a Graceful Exit Quitting a job is a significant decision that requires careful consideration and planning. By assessing your financial readiness, reflecting on your career goals,... 23 Feb The Smart Work Manifesto: 8 Strategies for Amplifying Your Productivity Without Burning Out 07 Feb Navigating New Job Opportunities in the New Year: A Strategic Guide for the South African Market 16 Jan Red Flags in Job Ads: How Not to Get Scammed in Your Next Job Hunt! 27 Nov 2023 Search The 7 Essential Soft Skills Companies Covet in Today's Job Market 03 Nov 2023 Property24 Transform your kitchen to maximise your home's resale value The kitchen is the heart of the home, and having a modern one is key for boosting resale value. 14m ago 5 family homes under R5m with the most views 3h ago New home essentials: Your move-in checklist 04 Mar The benefits of an indoor fireplace 04 Mar Disposable income on the rise for South African tenants 29 Feb Most Read UCT invites 'Gupta agent' Matshela Koko to lecture students on 'ethics and professionalism' Mapisa-Nqakula pleads innocence as DA, EFF want consequences amid corruption accusations MK Party organiser killed in suspected political hit at Umlazi hostel UPDATE | UK couple's visa query, directed to Motsoaledi's office, leads to alleged R60k bribe demand Durban man arrested for Zimbabwe bomb threat that turned Mnangagwa plane around A space to speak up Use your voice to deepen the dialogue and engage with stories of courage, endurance, community, triumph, and the pursuit of truth in SA. Subscribe now Game On! Can you ace them all? Today’s crossword, wordflower, sudoku and weekly news quiz Play Now Get the latest numbers. Full list of lottery results Newsletters Sommelier - Bi-weekly A new bi-weekly newsletter by wine editor Daléne Fourie. The newsletter will serve as a guide for those who make wine, those who want to learn more about wine, and those who simply just love wine. Get the newsletter Voting Booth Do you have faith that cops will find the paymaster who ordered the AKA hit? Please select an option Oops! Something went wrong, please try again later. No, they've cleaned up their tracks Yes, just follow the money trail Results No, they've cleaned up their tracks 74% - 789 votes Yes, just follow the money trail 26% - 271 votes Vote Previous Results Podcasts LISTEN | AKA murder case: What happens now that five of seven accused appeared in court? 29 Feb LISTEN | Bathathe Bafana: Ivory Coast clinches Afcon title as Bafana finishes third 12 Feb LISTEN | The Inside Pass: Ep 40 - News24's 2023 Rugby World Cup Awards 02 Nov 2023 True Crime Podcasts 16 Sep 2021 PODCAST | The Weekly Digest: A manipulated rand causes upset and Koko is a free man – What now? 24 Nov 2023 PODCAST | The Weekly Digest: Pandor's call to Hamas, and Proteas' prospects of winning World Cup 20 Oct 2023 Listen Currencies Commodities Jse Indexes Rand - Dollar 18.99 +0.3% Rand - Pound 24.08 +0.4% Rand - Euro 20.61 +0.3% Rand - Aus dollar 12.34 +0.5% Rand - Yen 0.13 +0.2% Platinum 885.53 -0.8% Palladium 947.12 -0.2% Gold 2,125.19 +0.5% Silver 23.93 +0.2% Brent-ruolie 82.80 +1.1% Top 40 66,028 -0.2% All Share 72,467 -0.2% Resource 10 51,462 +1.8% Industrial 25 99,621 -1.2% Financial 15 17,143 -0.6% All JSE data delayed by at least 15 minutes Good News Residents of this Eastern Cape village are building a 'clinic' so they don't have... 01 Mar FEEL GOOD | Cape Town officers lauded for helping deliver a 'beautiful, bouncing... 06 Jan Trouble came looking for them: Pup on the mend after chasing down criminals in... 19 Dec 2023 'We were not going to postpone our wedding': Groom marries childhood sweetheart in... 15 Dec 2023 More Good News stories Editorial feedback and complaints Contact the public editor with feedback for our journalists, complaints, queries or suggestions about articles on News24. LEARN MORE Partner Content Secure the bag and earn up to 8.7% interest on your equity in 2024 08 Feb 6 questions to ask if your business is ready to grow beyond SA’s borders 28 Feb WATCH | A sports oasis for young SA girl stars, provided by Nedbank clients 27 Feb Pretoria man cashes out R60,8m Powerball winnings with Lottoland South Africa 27 Feb Find More Editorial Complaints Tip-Offs Press Code Advertise on News Jobs at 24.com About us FAQs Careers24 Property24 Autotrader Superbalist © 2024 (3.0.24064.2) 24.com. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Media24 Privacy Policy Vulnerability Disclosure Contact us Help with my subscription Follow: