Allina Health Care & Medical Services In MN & Western WI Find a doctor near you Search by provider name, location name or specialty Clear City & State or ZIP Clear Search providers Please enter a provider name, location name or specialty. Please enter a city & state or ZIP code. Sorry we didn't find any providers that matched your search. Please enter a location in Minnesota or Wisconsin. Sorry, we didn't find any providers that matched your search. Try adjusting your search criteria. What you need to know about insurance billing and prescriptions A recent nationwide cyberattack targeted Change Healthcare, a company that supports prescription requests and insurance verification. This cyberattack has affected our insurance billing abilities. We do not have a timeline for when services will be restored. Read how we’re addressing this issue and what you need to know as a patient. Learn more Quick actions In-person care Virtual care Urgent care A–Z service list Pay my bill Contact us All together better Expert specialty care Cancer care From diagnosis to treatment and recovery, we’ve got the support and care you need. Allina Health Cancer Institute brings together the best-available therapies, trailblazing research and a team of experts focused on you. Find answers, and receive the compassionate care you deserve, every step of the way. Learn more Heart care Your heart deserves the very best. At Allina Health Minneapolis Heart Institute, comprehensive cardiology is just a heartbeat away. We specialize in the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of heart and vascular disease and partner with you to create a personalized treatment plan so you can receive world-class care close to home. Learn more Orthopedic care At Allina Health Orthopedics, you’re connected to a whole system of care to get you moving again. Our experienced team focuses on reducing pain and improving mobility. As the Official Health Care Provider of Minnesota United FC, we give our patients the same care we provide to the pros—every single day. Read more Helping people live healthier lives Allina Health is known for our award-winning care, but our mission goes far deeper. As a nonprofit with a 140-year history of caring for our community, we invest in partnerships and programs to improve the health and well-being of those we serve. Diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging Community involvement Environmental sustainability Careers with purpose When you join our team, your voice will be valued and your expertise will make a personal impact on the lives of others. You'll work in a supportive, welcoming environment that receives local and national awards for outstanding care, volunteerism and community engagement. Explore careers Invest in our nonprofit mission Support exceptional care in your community. Give today Your health in your hands Timesaving tools to help you stay on top of your health Learn more