Retail News and Trends | Retail Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's retail industry news Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F view sample Topics covered: Technology, e-commerce, store concepts, marketing, holidays DTC Daily M-F Topics covered: Brand launches, expansion opportunities, partnerships, startup trends, funding Marketing Weekly Every Wednesday view sample Topics covered: Retail advertising, social media, analytics, personalization, search, video Tech Weekly Every Thursday view sample Topics covered: E-commerce, payment technology, IT, in-store technology, cybersecurity Operations Weekly Every Monday Topics covered: Supply chain and logistics, sourcing, real estate, merchandising By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Podcasts Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Operations Marketing Technology DTC Distressed Retail Department Stores Executives Financial News Trends Daphne Howland/Retail Dive Investors throw another $800M onto Macy’s takeover bid Arkhouse Management and its partners have upped their offer to $6.6 billion despite the department store’s refusal to share financial information. Read more ➔ Top stories The former Westfield San Francisco Centre rebranding to ‘Emporium’ Wolverine World Wide lays off 150 at distribution center Studs plots 10 store openings this year E.l.f. Beauty opens London office Gap reworks Jungle’s TikTok hit to show off spring linen collection The Latest The image by Stilfehler is licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0 Column The Weekly Closeout: Thrasio files Ch. 11 bankruptcy and will Macy’s close its San Francisco flagship? The e-commerce aggregator will eliminate hundreds of millions of dollars in debt, while the department store is evaluating its real estate assets. Department Stores Retrieved from Missouri Partnership on February 28, 2024 Urban Outfitters Inc. opens second fulfillment center for its rental brand Nuuly plans to invest $60 million into its 600,000-square-foot facility in Missouri in the coming years. Operations Courtesy of Pet Supplies Plus Pet Supplies Plus partners with DoorDash on same-day delivery As the pet retailer’s brand grows, on-demand delivery is now available from over 700 locations. Operations Daphne Howland/Retail Dive Best Buy braces for layoffs, store closures amid flat revenue in Q4 The retailer plans to invest heavily this year in improving its in-store merchandising and shopping experience. Financial News "The Children's Place" by Mike Mozart is licensed under CC BY 2.0 New majority-stake owners of The Children’s Place come through with funds, shake up board Saudi investment firm Mithaq Capital is providing $78.6 million in interest-free, unsecured and subordinated term loans, starting Thursday. Operations Kaarin Vembar/Retail Dive As Macy’s and others close stores, TJX is picking up the supplier base With big brand brick-and-mortar options dwindling, the off-brand retailer’s 21,000 vendors are increasingly looking to the company. Operations Kendall Davis/Retail Dive Podcast The Backroom: The story behind our stories on shrink and theft When the National Retail Federation retracted a theft claim following our coverage of its special report on crime, the news went viral. Here’s what it took to get the story. The Backroom with Retail Dive Courtesy of Oishii Vertical strawberry grower Oishii clinches $134M amid indoor farming woes The company’s CEO said its decision to grow artisanal fruit versus leafy greens has allowed it to avoid the financial difficulties facing others in the sector. DTC Courtesy of Party City Party City to expand new store format after promising results The retailer said it has moved away from a traditional aisle experience and developed “birthday worlds” within each store. Operations Nate Delesline III/Retail Dive Family Dollar to pay $41.7M for issues tied to rat-infested warehouse The discount retailer pleaded guilty to a one count misdemeanor violation after product contamination at the Arkansas distribution center. Operations Courtesy of Athleta Athleta signs 5-year partnership with Katie Ledecky The brand added the Olympic swimmer as the newest member of its Power of She Collective and debuted the “Find your Movement” campaign. Marketing Courtesy of The National Retail Federation What 8 DTC brands are talking about in 2024 From Glossier to On, executives shared insights into what brands are facing during the National Retail Federation’s Big Show and the ICR conference. DTC Courtesy of Olipop Olipop seeks best friend creator duo for expenses-paid national tour The brand will pay its senior soda consultants up to $40,000 to join it at various stops in the U.S. and generate creative digital content. Marketing Courtesy of The Container Store The Container Store lays off 100 employees amid ongoing sales declines The move affects about 2.5% of the retailer’s workforce and follows lowered guidance for its fiscal year, which ends in a month. Operations Courtesy of Publix Self-checkout promises ultimate convenience. Is it doing its job? The process can make for faster, easier experiences, but it needs regular attention and helpful associates to thrive. Operations Courtesy of Qurate Retail Inc. Qurate Retail Group looks to streaming growth as Q4 revenue declines The company this week also announced that QVC U.S. chief merchant Stacy Bowe is HSN’s new president. Executives (Drew Angerer/Staff) via Getty Images Beyond Meat plans steep cost cuts as US demand remains weak The company lowered prices to entice budget-conscious shoppers, but now plans some increases to help restore margins. Operations "Rent the Runway Flagship" by ajay_suresh is licensed under CC BY 2.0 11 digitally native retailers that could file for bankruptcy in 2024 While off to a slower start than 2023, filings are expected to continue in the industry, especially among many direct-to-consumer brands. DTC Courtesy of Zulily Zulily IP assets put up for sale The sale includes customer data, domain names, over 200 trademarks and code for the brand’s proprietary app. Technology Daphne Howland/Retail Dive Macy’s to close 150 more stores in 3 years New CEO Tony Spring said underperforming stores must close even if they are cash-flow positive, telling analysts: “The bar has now been raised.” Operations Permission granted by Walmart 4 ways Walmart is working to enhance its growth momentum Since the start of the year, the company dropped news regarding employee retention, compensation, store revamps and consumer-facing tech initiatives. Operations Courtesy of Lovevery Children’s brand Lovevery launches in Singapore The expansion comes about a year after the children’s toy and educational company entered Australia. Operations Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Dollar General starts accepting supplemental health benefits The discounter is letting shoppers use the benefits to pay for items including produce, over-the-counter medicines and wellness products at all of its stores. Operations FeelPic via Getty Images RFID has been around for decades. Now it’s becoming retailers’ best crime-fighting tool. The tech has long been used for inventory management, but is being affixed to more merchandise and yielding more data. Technology "Rent the Runway Flagship" by ajay_suresh is licensed under CC BY 2.0 After tamping down marketing spend, Rent the Runway brings on new chief marketing officer Natalie McGrath comes from Afterpay, with experience at apparel brands including Bandier, Coach, Alexander Wang and Net-A-Porter. Operations More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: DTC Daily M-F Select Newsletter: Marketing Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Tech Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Best Buy braces for layoffs, store closures amid flat revenue in Q4 Investors throw another $800M onto Macy’s takeover bid The former Westfield San Francisco Centre rebranding to ‘Emporium’ Macy’s to close 150 more stores in 3 years Library resources Podcast Driving Connections with Customers: Loyalty Insights From Sephora Custom content for Talon.One Playbook Second-Look Financing: Solutions for Near-Prime Consumers Custom content for Concora Credit Playbook Pivotal Solutions for Retail: Transforming Operations and Revenue Streams Custom content for Acuative View all Company Announcements Wild Bill's Olde Fashioned Soda Co. Partners with Bazooka Candy Brands to Unveil Nostalgic Lim… From Wild Bill's Olde Fashioned Soda Co. Valuedynamx Powers Emirates Skywards with the Launch of “Pay with Points / Miles” Offering V… From Valuedynamx RetailNext Releases Report on Valentine's Day Shopping Trends Showing Resilience in Apparel an… From RetailNext RETAILING ENTERPRISES, LLC EMERGES FROM ITS SUCCESSFUL REORGANIZATION WITH A POSITIVE OUTLOOK From Retailing Enterprises, LLC View all | Post a press release What We're Reading Women’s Wear Daily Zara to Reopen Stores in Ukraine Bloomberg Crafts Retailer Joann Is Planning a Bankruptcy Filing That Would Hand Keys to Lenders Glossy The brand opportunity in Roblox hair is heating up View all Events 06 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET How to Use Your Marketing Data Effectively Presented by studioID and Northwestern University 13 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET Moving Beyond Legacy MDM: How to Manage the New Realities of AI, Security, and Software Updates for Business Critical Devices Presented by studioID and Esper 26 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET Take Control of Returns: How to Save Costs & Boost Customer Convenience Presented by studioID and Pitney Bowes View all events Industry Intel Get Ready for 2024: Hear From Industry Experts on How to Get Ready for a Successful 2024 Webinar - on demand • Provided by Shopify 5 Ways Retailers Can Supercharge Their B2B Payments Strategy Webinar - on demand • Provided by TreviPay 2024 Retail CFO Outlook Survey - Customer Loyalty is a Competitive Differentiator Survey Report • Provided by BDO Retail Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: DTC Daily M-F Select Newsletter: Marketing Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Tech Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Article Licensing Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Related Publications Marketing Dive Supply Chain Dive image/svg+xml Industry Dive is an Informa business © 2024 Industry Dive. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy. Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell Search Home Topics Operations Marketing Technology DTC Distressed Retail Department Stores Executives Financial News Trends Deep Dive Opinion Podcasts Library Events Press Releases Get Retail Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: DTC Daily M-F Select Newsletter: Marketing Weekly Every Wednesday Select Newsletter: Tech Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Monday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.