Utah news from KSLTV.com On the Site: SUPER TUESDAY: Find your voting location here Exhausted: Utah’s Air Quality Close KSLTV.com Live Investigates Shows Weather Podcasts Local National Program Guide Shows Studio 5 with Brooke Walker KSL Outdoors with Adam Eakle KSL Sports Live Cozi TV on KSL 5.2 This TV on KSL 5.3 Features Road to Zero Fatalities Your Life Your Health Unaffordable Utah Healthy Mind Matters KSL's Quarters for Christmas KSLKids.com Wednesday's Child High 5 5B45 Kids Promotions Contests Win New Kids On The Block Tickets! Salt Lake Home + Garden Show Zero Fatalities General Contest Rules Connect with KSL Sign Up for a KSL Newsletter Download the KSLTV.com App Meet Our Team As You See It / Submit photos KSL Community Calendar KSLSports.com KSLNewsRadio 103.5 The Arrow FM100.3 KSL.com Live Investigates Shows Weather Podcasts Local National Menu THE LATEST New lawsuit claims there was inadequate playground mulch at school when 8 year old boy died 3 minutes ago Most North Carolina and Virginia GOP primary voters would consider Trump fit for presidency if convicted 20 minutes ago Utah Republicans caucus for president, leading to discontent among some voters 39 minutes ago How the 2024 total solar eclipse will differ from 2017 1 hour ago Eagle Mountain woman arrested after crashing into garage, hitting child, police say 1 hour ago US and Jordanian forces airdrop aid into Gaza 2 hours ago TOP STORIES The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints purchases the Kirtland Temple Crime Utah father charged for murder of infant daughter, mother charged with obstruction Politics & Elections How to participate in Utah GOP caucus night NBC Catch 'America's Got Talent' on KSL TV KSL 5 TV Live KSL 5 TV FEATURES Healthy Mind Matters Your Life Your Health Road to Zero Fatalities 5B45 Kids Connect with the KSLTV Community STOP FOR OUR STUDENTS 7-DAY FORECAST GET THE KSL+ APP Local News Michael Houck and Eliza Pace, KSL TV Dash cam shows Summit County chase before veteran was fatally shot by deputy New dash camera footage shows the moments that led to a fatal shooting of a military veteran who allegedly fled from police and approached a deputy with an object in November. KSL.com Utah County man accused of flooding hotel, causing a catastrophe A man who police say caused the fire sprinklers to go off in an Orem hotel, forcing 40 guests to find new accommodations, is being accused of causing a catastrophe. Karah Brackin As Super Tuesday arrives, Utah voters get their chance to be heard Super Tuesday has arrived and is underway. While Utah Republicans will hold a caucus Tuesday night, Democrats will hold a primary election, which has voting polls open earlier in the day. Eliza Pace Police search for La Verkin man missing since January Police are looking for a man who has been missing since January. Brigham Tomco Utah voters pick presidential nominees Tuesday Utah Republicans will vote during their biennial caucus meetings while Democrats will vote with mail-in ballots. Lauren Steinbrecher Teen's secret signal for help leads to hotel rescue and alleged predator arrest in Davis County A Davis County teen is home safe, and a man in jail after police believe the man traveled from California upon meeting the boy online, causing the 14-year-old to send a secret signal for help to his family. Politics Manu Raju, Clare Foran, Morgan Rimmer, Lauren Fox, Molly English and Betsy Klein, CNN Kyrsten Sinema announces she is retiring from the Senate Sen. Kyrsten Sinema, an Arizona independent, announced Tuesday she will leave the Senate at the end of her term this year, a move that will shake up the battle for control of the chamber in November and remove a key player who has been central to major negotiations in Congress. Suzanne Bates, Deseret News Trump says Republican Party is ‘getting rid of the Romneys’ At a rally in Virginia Saturday, former President Donald Trump said the ‘Make America Great Again’ movement, referred to as MAGA, is taking over the Republican Party, and ridding the party of people like the “Romneys.” Karah Brackin As Super Tuesday arrives, Utah voters get their chance to be heard Super Tuesday has arrived and is underway. While Utah Republicans will hold a caucus Tuesday night, Democrats will hold a primary election, which has voting polls open earlier in the day. Brigham Tomco Utah voters pick presidential nominees Tuesday Utah Republicans will vote during their biennial caucus meetings while Democrats will vote with mail-in ballots. Daniel Woodruff ‘This is a disgrace’: Bitter fight over district attorney’s job performance marks end of Utah legislative session The Utah legislative session ended on a fiery note as lawmakers approved a bill that critics say unfairly targets an elected official. Gregory Krieg, CNN Trump will win North Dakota GOP caucuses, CNN projects Former President Donald Trump will win North Dakota’s Republican presidential caucuses, CNN projects, claiming one final boost before the campaign expands to 15 states on Super Tuesday. KSL Investigates Matt Gephardt and Sloan Schrage The added cybersecurity risks of watching free streams of Oscar-nominated movies This weekend's Academy Awards show has boosted demand for many of its nominated films. The continually increasing prices of streaming services – Apple, Amazon Prime, Disney+, Netflix and others raised their costs last October – is pushing many folks to look for ways to watch these films for free. But cybersecurity experts warn searching for free streams can get way more costly. Annie Knox Utah lawmakers pass ‘Om’s Law,’ focused on child safety in custody decisions Utah lawmakers gave final passage to bill requiring judges to consider evidence of domestic violence raised in child custody cases. Matt Gephardt and Sloan Schrage, KSL TV Get Gephardt helps homeowner being charged two bills for one security system Billing for a previous home initially stopped when she sold it, but when she got a new security system from the same provider for her new place a year later it started billing for both. Daniella Rivera New Prison, New Problems: Inside the effort to staff Utah’s new $1 billion prison facility Utah's new prison cost taxpayers more than a $ 1 billion, yet a scathing audit shows the new facility has been unsafe and still isn't being used as intended. After being granted unprecedented access, the KSL Investigators go inside the new prison for a look at what's being done to fix its new problems. Matt Gephardt Get Gephardt helps Google Fiber customer get her internet fixed after customer service calls go nowhere When a Salt Lake City woman's internet connection went down, and she couldn't get a straight answer as to when it would be back up, she decided to Get Gephardt. Daniella Rivera and Annie Knox, KSL TV Truth Test: Fact-checking claims from lawmakers who voted to make their calendars secret The KSL Investigators put lawmakers’ statements about a measure that would conceal their calendars through the KSL Truth Test. National News Matt Egan, CNN Credit card late fees capped at $8 as part of Biden crackdown on junk fees Federal regulators finalized a rule on Tuesday to cap most credit card late fees at $8 as part of a broader push by the Biden administration to eliminate junk fees. Kara Scannell, CNN Sen. Bob Menendez hit with new conspiracy and obstruction of justice charges New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez was indicted Tuesday on a dozen new criminal charges related to a years-long bribery scheme involving the governments of Egypt and Qatar. Manu Raju, Clare Foran, Morgan Rimmer, Lauren Fox, Molly English and Betsy Klein, CNN Kyrsten Sinema announces she is retiring from the Senate Sen. Kyrsten Sinema, an Arizona independent, announced Tuesday she will leave the Senate at the end of her term this year, a move that will shake up the battle for control of the chamber in November and remove a key player who has been central to major negotiations in Congress. Sandee LaMotte, CNN Diet drinks may boost risk of dangerous heart condition by 20%, study says Drinking one medium-sized fast-food diet soda a day raised the risk of an irregular heartbeat a new study showed. Suzanne Bates, Deseret News Trump says Republican Party is ‘getting rid of the Romneys’ At a rally in Virginia Saturday, former President Donald Trump said the ‘Make America Great Again’ movement, referred to as MAGA, is taking over the Republican Party, and ridding the party of people like the “Romneys.” David Fischer, The Associated Press Miami Beach is breaking up with spring break — or at least trying to Miami Beach is trying to break up with spring break, but it's not yet clear whether spring break will take the hint. Entertainment Rod McGuirk, Associated Press Taylor Swift struck a deal with Singapore not to perform in any other Southeast Asian country Taylor Swift is stealing the show at an Asian summit where Singapore’s leader has been forced to defend his tiny country’s lucrative and exclusive concert deal with the singer Lisa Respers France, CNN Taylor Swift is related to famed poet Emily Dickinson and now it all makes sense Turns out Taylor Swift was spot on naming her forthcoming album “The Tortured Poets Department.” Lindsey Bahr, AP Film Writer ‘Dune: Part Two’ brings spice power to the box office with $81.5 million debut Movie theaters were looking for a savior and “Dune: Part Two” is delivering on the promise. KSL TV Hillcrest High School theater performs 'The James Plays' An amazing feat by Hillcrest High School Friday night as the 7-time state champions present their show, "The James Plays." Jordan Valinsky, CNN Oprah is leaving WeightWatchers, sending stock tumbling Oprah Winfrey is leaving the board of WeightWatchers, ending a nearly decade-long stint as a director of the beleaguered company that has faced sudden competition from Ozempic. Mark Kennedy, The Associated Press Comedian Richard Lewis dies after suffering a heart attack Richard Lewis, an acclaimed comedian known for exploring his neuroses in frantic, stream-of-consciousness diatribes while dressed in all-black, leading to his nickname “The Prince of Pain,” has died. He was 76. World News Mostafa Salem, Tara John and Kevin Liptak, CNN Hamas says no prisoner exchange before ceasefire as Ramadan is just days away Three days of negotiations with Hamas over a cease-fire in Gaza and the release of Israeli hostages failed to achieve a breakthrough Tuesday Rod McGuirk, Associated Press Taylor Swift struck a deal with Singapore not to perform in any other Southeast Asian country Taylor Swift is stealing the show at an Asian summit where Singapore’s leader has been forced to defend his tiny country’s lucrative and exclusive concert deal with the singer Joshua Berlinger and Xiaofei Xu, CNN France becomes world’s first country to enshrine abortion rights in constitution The historic decision is the culmination of an effort that began in direct response to the US Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. Caitlin Hu and Manveena Suri, CNN Hundreds of prisoners escape as violence escalates in Haitian capital Hundreds of prisoners escaped from Haiti's National Penitentiary in the capital after fighting broke out Saturday. Waafa Shurafa and Samy Magdy U.S. says Israel has agreed to the framework for a Gaza cease-fire. Hamas now must decide A senior U.S. official says Israel has essentially endorsed a framework of a proposed Gaza cease-fire and hostage release deal, and it is now up to Hamas to agree to it. Zeke Miller, Aamer Madhani and Matthew Lee Biden approves military airdrops of aid into Gaza after chaotic encounter left more than 100 dead President Joe Biden says that the U.S. will begin air-dropping humanitarian assistance into Gaza, a day after more than 100 of Palestinians were killed during a chaotic encounter with Israeli troops. KSL Sports Ben Anderson Utah Jazz Mailbag: Could Jazz Tank Next Season? Welcome to the Utah Jazz mailbag where every week our NBA insiders answer your questions on social media about your favorite team. Associated Press A’s Release Renderings Of New Las Vegas Domed Stadium The Oakland Athletics and their design teams released renderings Tuesday of the club's planned $1.5 billion stadium in Las Vegas Ben Anderson Report: Former All-Star Isaiah Thomas Joining SLC Stars Former two-time NBA All-Star Isaiah Thomas will sign with the Utah Jazz G League affiliate Salt Lake City Stars. Mitch Harper BYU’s Lauren Gustin Earns First Team All-Big 12 Recognition BYU star forward Lauren Gustin is among the 10 best players in the Big 12 Conference. Brian Preece Locals In The NFL: Former Bingham Tight End Signs Huge Deal With Houston Texans Former Bingham star Dalton Schultz will stay in the Lone Star State after agreeing to a three-year, $36 million deal with the Houston Texans. Brian Preece Report: Former Utah Defender Receives Franchise Tag From Chicago Bears Former Utah cornerback Jaylon Johnson has reportedly received the franchise tag designation from the Chicago Bears Olympics Lisa Riley Roche, Deseret News Details of Utah’s bid for the 2034 Olympics formally submitted by governor, mayor In an instant, the key backers of Utah’s bid to host the 2034 Winter Games joined together to tap the submit button on a laptop in the ornate Gold Room of the state Capitol Thursday, sending thousands and thousands of pages of details about their hosting plans to the International Olympic Committee. Tim Reynolds, AP Basketball Writer LeBron James still committed to Paris Olympics, but health remains the big key LeBron James still wants to participate in the Paris Olympics this summer, but an ongoing treatment plan for his left ankle has questions of possibility looming. Erin Cox 6 Olympians celebrate 2 Utah runners, the first Americans to qualify for Paris Olympic Marathon A group of some of the most accomplished people in the world came together, celebrating two Utahns who became the first Americans to qualify for the Paris 2024 Olympic Marathon. John Leicester The Paris Olympics medals are made with pieces of the Eiffel Tower PARIS (AP) — An Olympic medal inlaid with a piece of the Eiffel Tower. How’s that for a monumental prize? A hexagonal, polished chunk of iron taken from the iconic landmark is being embedded in each gold, silver and bronze medal that will be hung around athletes’ necks at the July 26-Aug. 11 Paris Games and Paralympics that […] Shara Park Springville welcomes home its newest Olympian marathon runner Clayton Young The Olympic Spirit is strong in Springville where the community welcomed home its newest Olympian, marathon runner Clayton Young. Helena Alves and John Leicester, Associated Press Parisians vote to hit SUVs with eye-popping parking costs in latest green drive before Olympics Parisians have voted to muscle SUVs off the French capital’s streets by making them much more expensive to park from this fall. Great Salt Lake Karah Brackin Miller family to donate $2.2 million in water conservation efforts in Utah This week, the Larry H. and Gail Miller Foundation announced a $2.2 million donation to water conservation efforts in Utah. Alex Cabrero Utah Lake release sends 300 million gallons of water a day into the Great Salt Lake The Utah Lake control gates in Saratoga Springs opened Thursday morning to release water into the Great Salt Lake. Saige Miller, KUER Lakebed dust is a worry in Utah. For California’s Salton Sea, it’s a full-blown problem Like the Great Salt Lake, there are toxins in the sediment of an exposed lake bed in California. Mike Anderson Dust from Great Salt Lake helps algal blooms thrive, study finds A new study is putting a large part of the blame for algal blooms on blowing dust. Amy Joi O'Donoghue, Deseret News Invasive phragmites are needlessly sucking water out of Great Salt Lake An invasive plant species is using excessive water around the Great Salt Lake. Carter WIlliams, KSL.com Should the Great Salt Lake be considered a person? Group says yes, Utah bill says no A bill passed the senate which prohibits legislation from giving extra rights to the Great Salt Lake. Education and Schools KSL TV Hillcrest High School theater performs 'The James Plays' An amazing feat by Hillcrest High School Friday night as the 7-time state champions present their show, "The James Plays." Michael Houck Layton High School student in custody after being found with a gun on school grounds Police arrested a student after he was found with a weapon while at Layton High School Friday morning. Tamara Vaifanua Utah high school student wins business grant A Utah high school student won a $3,000 grant to fund his new business venture. Debbie Worthen Utah STEM program aims to help parents prepare children for success with conversation cards When it comes to preparing your child for kindergarten, there is one score that experts now say can determine all kinds of life success, and it's not reading. It's math. Sam Herrera, KSLNewsRadio and Mike Anderson, KSL TV Weber State offers new elective class all about Taylor Swift Weber State University is offering a new course all about Taylor Swift, and students wasted no time signing up. Lindsay Aerts Bill requiring armed security guards in Utah schools heads to full Senate vote Utah schools could soon be required to have an armed guard in them if a big school safety bill passes the Utah Legislature. Science & Technology AUDREY McAVOY Associated Press In Hawaii, coral is the foundation of life. What happened to it after the Lahaina wildfire? For now, state officials are urging the public to limit their exposure to the ocean and seafood until scientists understand what might be making its way through the food chain. Josh Ellis Utahns will have to travel to catch the best part of April’s total solar eclipse 2023's eclipse gave thousands of Utahns a chance to see its "ring of fire," but the 2024 total solar eclipse will require some travel to get the full experience. Matthew Perrone, AP Health Writer First over-the-counter birth control pill in US begins shipping to stores The first over-the-counter birth control pill will be available in U.S. stores later this month. Manufacturer Perrigo said Monday that it has begun shipping the medication, called Opill, to major retailers and pharmacies. Marcia Dunn, AP Aerospace Writer 4 new astronauts head to the International Space Station for a 6-month stay SpaceX has launched four astronauts to the International Space Station who will oversee the arrival of two new rocket ships during their stint. Katie Hunt, CNN A lone orca slayed a great white in less than two minutes. Scientists say it could signal an ecological shift A pair of orcas have been killing great whites along a stretch of South African coastline. Matt Gephardt and Sloan Schrage, KSL TV Get Gephardt helps homeowner being charged two bills for one security system Billing for a previous home initially stopped when she sold it, but when she got a new security system from the same provider for her new place a year later it started billing for both. Religion Mark Jones Church missionary dies from unknown medical condition A missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has died, according to the church. Eliza Pace Over 600,000 people donated $10.4 million at Giving Machines in 2023 The famous Giving Machines, put on by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, received $10.4 million in donations in 2023. Bridger Beal-Cvetko, KSL.com Clergy protections for child abuse reporting approved by Utah Legislature The Utah Senate on Thursday approved HB432, which provides legal protection to clergy members who voluntarily report ongoing child abuse or neglect from confessions. Dan Rascon Tabernacle Choir performs unforgettable concert in Manila It was a night not to be forgotten in the Philippines as the Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square performed its first major concert before thousands of Filipinos at the Mall of Asia’s 9,000 set arena. Dan Rascon Tabernacle Choir prepares to perform at renowned Mall of Asia with Filipino press day The Tabernacle Choir at Temple Square is preparing to perform its last two concerts in the Philippines with a press day. Afterward, the choir will continue on with its world tour. Michael Houck Church releases location for Vancouver Washington Temple, renderings for England, US temples The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has released the site location of the Vancouver Washington Temple and artistic renderings for temples in England, Nevada and Texas. Utah's Flood Watch Alex Cabrero Utah Lake release sends 300 million gallons of water a day into the Great Salt Lake The Utah Lake control gates in Saratoga Springs opened Thursday morning to release water into the Great Salt Lake. Mike Anderson Tons of sediment cleared from Logan River to protect power generators Tons of sediment is being pulled from the Logan River as part of a project to clean up power generators. Brittany Tait Eagle Mountain's project to reduce flooding threat After an unseasonably rainy spring, certain neighborhoods in Eagle Mountain witnessed multiple floods. Carter Williams, KSL.com How impactful have this year's monsoons been for Utah's water supply? Utah's monsoon season is slowly winding down, but not before leaving an impact on Utah's reservoirs in various ways. Carter Williams, KSL.com Flood watches, wind advisories issued as Hilary's remnants eke past Utah Several flood and high wind advisories remain in effect throughout Utah most of Monday, and even into Tuesday, as the remnants of Hurricane Hilary move through parts of Utah. Lauren Steinbrecher Cedar City braces for more flash flooding Preparations were underway Friday for flash flooding in parts of Southern Utah, as communities like Cedar City work to make sure they don’t get a repeat of what the storms brought Thursday. Health Tammy Webber, Associated Press Trillions of gallons leak from aging drinking water systems, further stressing shrinking US cities Trillions of gallons are lost from aging drinking water systems across the U.S. after decades of deferred maintenance and disinvestment. Some communities struggle to provide safe and reliable service, especially in older industrial and rural areas Matthew Perrone, AP Health Writer First over-the-counter birth control pill in US begins shipping to stores The first over-the-counter birth control pill will be available in U.S. stores later this month. Manufacturer Perrigo said Monday that it has begun shipping the medication, called Opill, to major retailers and pharmacies. Alex Cabrero Body cam video shows police officers save man's life during mental health crisis Many people who live or work in downtown Salt Lake City often have very normal days. Associated Press Report: About as many abortions are happening in the US monthly as before Roe was overturned The number of abortions performed each month is about the same as before the U.S. Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade and the nationwide right to abortion more than a year and a half ago, a new report finds. Emma Benson Eating Disorders Awareness Week: How to recognize the signs and get help Carrie Jackson said when the pandemic hit, her daughter, Emma, started showing signs of an eating disorder. Emma Benson Strategies to lengthen your life The CDC says, on average, women tend to live 5-7 years longer than men because men have a higher rate of cardiovascular disease, but there are simple, healthy ways to increase your life expectancy. Lori Vallow Daybell Trial Josh Ellis Idaho court denies motion from Chad Daybell's lawyer to leave case An Idaho judge on Thursday ruled that John Prior, Chad Daybell's lawyer, will continue to represent Daybell in the case. Michael Houck Chad Daybell's attorney files to withdraw from case due to lack of funds The attorney representing Chad Daybell has filed to withdraw from the upcoming murder case Friday. Larry D. Curtis Murder victim Tylee Ryan's remains to be returned to family The remains of teen murder victim Tylee Ryan will be released to her family, an Idaho judge ruled Thursday. Larry D. Curtis Idaho court denies Chad Daybell's motions to strike death penalty An Idaho court has denied Chad Guy Daybell's motions to strike the death penalty in his murder trial scheduled for 2024. Associated Press Lori Vallow pleads not guilty to Arizona murder conspiracy charges Lori Vallow Daybell pleaded not guilty to Arizona charges of conspiring to kill her estranged husband and her niece’s ex-husband. Eliza Pace and Garna Mejia Lori Vallow Daybell moved from Idaho prison to Arizona prison to face other charges Convicted killer, Lori Vallow Daybell is no longer in the Pocatello Women's Correctional Center and now sits in an Arizona Jail. General Conference Ashley Moser ‘Everybody needed that news’: Maui members celebrate announcement of island’s first temple It has been nearly two months since Hailey Chang’s hometown of Lahaina was destroyed by wildfires. Not a day goes by that she doesn’t think about what her community has lost. Eliza Pace 20 new temples announced during October 2023 General Conference The locations of 20 new temples were announced during the 193rd Semiannual General Conference of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Angie Denison Joseph Smith: A Witness of Jesus Christ This documentary reveals The Joseph Smith Papers, an unprecedented study of every historical document produced under the direction of Joseph Smith. With researchers working over the past 22 years, the project is finally complete and released in a multivolume set. Sponsored Lighting Design Light Up Your Home With These Top Lighting Trends for 2024 Check out the latest lighting design trends for 2024 and tips on how you can incorporate them into your home. PC Laptops Tips for Hassle-Free Computer Repairs Experiencing a glitch in your computer can be frustrating, but with these tips you can have your computer repaired without the stress. PC Laptops 7 Reasons Why You Should Upgrade Your Laptop to Windows 11 Explore the benefits of upgrading to Windows 11 for a smoother, more secure, and feature-packed computing experience. Lighting Design Create a Festive Home with Our Easy-to-Follow Holiday Prep Guide Get ready for festive celebrations! Discover expert tips to prepare your home for the holidays, creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere for unforgettable moments. PC Laptops 9 Tips to Get More Power Out of Your Laptop Battery Get more power out of your laptop battery and help it last longer by implementing some of these tips from our guide. Les Olson How to Stay Safe from Cybersecurity Threats Read our tips for reading for how to respond to rising cybersecurity threats in 2023 and beyond to keep yourself and your company safe. Mobile App Advertise Contact Us Careers with Bonneville Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Data | Copyright Infringement | Licensing EEO Public File Report | KSL-TV FCC PUBLIC FILE | FCC Applications | Closed Captioning Assistance © 2024 Bonneville International. All rights reserved.