FreeRADIUS OUR SITES NetworkRADIUS FreeRADIUS Wiki Releases Documentation Modules Community About Support Download {{stableBranch.last_release.name}} We authenticate the Internet Fast, feature-rich, modular, and scalable. Download {{stableBranch.last_release.name}} Join the community Commercial Support FreeRADIUS is the most widely used RADIUS server in the world. It powers most major Internet Service Providers and Telecommunications companies world-wide and is one of the key technologies behind eduroam, the international Wi-Fi education roaming service. It is the RADIUS server used by all Cloud Identity providers and is embedded in products from network equipment vendors and token card manufacturers. The FreeRADIUS product suite includes a server, radius client, development libraries, and numerous additional RADIUS and IP address-related utilities. It is fundamental to the working of the Internet around the world, and is responsible for authenticating hundreds of millions of users every day. Internet Service Providers AAA for millions of subscribers. Infinitely flexible policy language. Internet Service Providers FreeRADIUS authenticates users and tracks accounting data for millions of DSL connections and phones every day. Enterprise Networks Global AAA servers. Active Directory integration. Enterprise Networks Both wired and wireless 802.1X solutions use RADIUS as the backend. From the smallest business to the largest enterprise, IT managers can be found relying on FreeRADIUS everywhere! Educational Institutions Eduroam and WiFi. With 100K+ students re-authenticating every hour. Educational Institutions FreeRADIUS is commonly used in academic wireless networks, especially amongst the eduroam community. {{branch.date | date : 'yyyy.MM.dd'}} Version {{branch.name}} has been released. {{branch.summary}}. View full release notes This is the FreeRADIUS project, the open source implementation of RADIUS, an IETF protocol for AAA (Authorisation, Authentication, and Accounting). The FreeRADIUS project maintains the following components: a multi protocol policy server (radiusd) that implements RADIUS, DHCP, BFD, and ARP; a BSD licensed RADIUS client library; a RADIUS PAM library; and an Apache RADIUS module. We provide a step-by-step guide to radiusd -X. The guide breaks down the different pieces of the debug output, and explains what they mean. Often you can just look for ERROR or WARNING to solve many problems. FreeRADIUS is responsible for authenticating one third of all users on the Internet. See why we're #1 Get involved with The FreeRADIUS Server Project Our comprehensive support for protocols, data stores, directories, databases, and language integrations would not be possible without contributions from the community. Open your favourite editor and help us make FreeRADIUS better! Develop new modules API documentation, C code examples, and anything else you need to get up-to-speed and writing modules for FreeRADIUS. View coding styles Submit new modules Developed your own module? Great! Submit your code back to the project and have it maintained by the community. Visit our GitHub page Patch issues Found an issue? We accept patches for everything, from code, to documentation, and even to this website! How to contribute Join the community Mailing Lists: Users' list Developers' list Announce list Need a hand getting started? Subscribe to our mailing lists to receive the latest FreeRADIUS updates and assistance from members of the FreeRADIUS community. Support & services We are the FreeRADIUS experts. Critical deadline? We offer 24/7 commercial support through NetworkRADIUS, the official sponsor of the FreeRADIUS project. Download {{stableBranch.last_release.name}} © 2018-2023 The FreeRADIUS Server Project and Contributors Docs Wiki Manual Pages Useful How-To's Full Server Docs Api Docs Modules Packages Report A Bug Community Mailing Lists Contribute Developer Docs About The Project Why We're No. 1 Security Team Support Issue Tracker Security Issues FAQs Newsletters Commercial Support Community Support