Elder Law, Medicaid, Estate Planning and Long-Term Care Elder Law Answers Elder Law 101 image/svg+xml Medicaid 101 Navigation Menu Find an Attorney Questions & Answers For Attorneys Article Search Attorney Search Search Articles Find Attorneys Find Local Elder Law Assistance Find an Attorney Elder Law Attorneys near: Your City, State Change Location Attorney Name Elder Law Attorney, Firm Name Your, City Attorney Name Elder Law Attorney, Firm Name Your, City Attorney Name Elder Law Attorney, Firm Name Your, City 99 Attorneys practicing in Your State Free Elder Law Guides Download one or more of our in-depth guides on elder law topics. Get your Guide Questions and Answers Get answers to your long-term care and estate planning issues. Ask a Question How Do I Find Out If My Dad Had Assets in Another State? My father had a will drawn up in the state of New York. He passed away in 2020, and I was a beneficiary. He died in Tennessee, was remarried in 2015, but never changed his will prior to his second marriage. How do I find out any information on his New York State will or any information of his death, and also whether he... See the Answer Will I Have to Pay Capital Gains on My Mother’s Property? My mother quitclaimed her Georgia home to me when she moved into assisted living and made me POA. I sold the property 6 months later. My home is in Ohio. Will I have to pay capital gains on her property? See the Answer Are Spousal Retirement Benefits Less If I Remarry Too Soon? I'm 63 and was married for 11 years. I remarried a year after my divorce and divorced 6 months later. Social Security says I got remarried too soon and am only eligible for part of my ex-husband's benefits. Really? See the Answer Do My Social Security Benefits Change If I Am Now Injured? I have been on Social Security for about seven years. Since I started my Social Security benefits, I have had a serious accident and lost the use of the fingers on my right hand. Do my benefits change with this injury? See the Answer Can a Medicaid Facility Evict Over Spent Home Sale Proceeds? I cared for my mother until she needed to go into a nursing home paid for by Medicaid benefits. I sold her house and spent the proceeds ($25,000) without knowing it should go to the nursing home. Will she be evicted? See the Answer Can I Gift My Home to My Grandchild Over a Period of Years? Can I gift my home to my grandchild over a period of time, say 20 years? I feel like it might be the best way to avoid financial consequences, but I’m unsure about my options and how to eventually transfer ownership. See the Answer I Inherited Property. Will I Pay Capital Gains Tax? Mom passed and her house was sold. Five of us inherited the house. It was sold and split five ways. I received $36,000 for that sale. Do I have to pay property gains taxes in West Virginia? See the Answer Who Pays Credit Card Debt if One's Only Asset Was a Home? What happens to credit card debt if one's only asset is a home, which was transferred at their death? See the Answer Can a Health Care POA Sign a Medicaid Application? I am a health care POA for my mother who is in a nursing home and applying for Medicaid. Can I sign the application without a financial POA? If I sign the Medicaid application, will I be liable to reimburse Medicaid? See the Answer Do I Owe Capital Gains on My Share of My Late Father’s Home? My father left is house to us, with each of us getting one-third. My brother bought me out for my third, for $250,000. Do I need to pay taxes on that money? See the Answer ElderLaw 101 Find basic articles that clearly explain essential topics in the field of elder law, like Medicaid, Medicare, estate planning, and Social Security. Learn More About Eldercare Recent Elder Law Articles Older Adults Are Failing at Retirement Planning, Study Shows Research by the American College of Financial Services sheds light on the need for improvements in retirement financial literacy. The overall retirement income literacy score was just 31 percent -- a failing grade. Read more More Articles Who Does a Probate Attorney Represent: Executor or Heirs? AI and Obituaries: Did AI Write This Death Announcement? 11 Questions to Ask an Elder Law Attorney Elder law encompasses a wide range of legal matters that affect older individuals. Attorneys who practice elder law advocate for seniors and execute legal plans to assist them in living better lives. Read more See All Articles Free Elder Law Guides Download one or more of our in-depth guides on elder law topics. Get your Guide Medicaid Information in your state Every state's Medicaid program is unique. We have collected the key eligibility rules for all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Find Medicaid information Recent Medicaid Articles Medicaid Spend Down: Pay for More Than Just Medical Bills To qualify for Medicaid, you must have limited income and assets (in most states, no more than $2,000 in your name). If you have more than that, you may find yourself having to "spend down" your extra assets to meet the $2,000 limit. Read more More Articles Good News for Medicare Advantage, Medicaid Patients in 2026 Medicaid Redetermination: In One State, Many Didn't Renew Medicaid long-term care spousal impoverishment rules The prospect of long-term care often brings with it many financial concerns. As we experience our declining health or that of an aging family member, we begin to realize that long-term care needs at home or in a facility could be necessary. When looking into local senior home care services and skilled nursing facilities, the astronomical cost of care becomes apparent. If you or your loved one has not set aside financial resources, or purchased long-term care insurance, the next step may be spending down everything you own to qualify for Medicaid. Read more See All Articles Change location Change Help is available in your community Find an elder law attorney in your city. Pittsburgh, PA Baltimore, MD Boston, MA Charlotte, NC Raleigh, NC Chicago, IL Cleveland, OH Dallas, TX Denver, CO Ft. Lauderdale, FL Houston, TX Los Angeles, CA Louisville, KY Minneapolis, MN New York, NY Oakland, CA Philadelphia, PA Phoenix, AZ Search more cities and states Resources Estate Planning Grandchildren Health Care Decisions Long-Term Care Insurance Medicaid Planning Strategies How to Qualify for Medicaid Medicare Retirement Planning Senior Living Social Security Special Needs Planning Veterans Benefits About us Disclaimer Contact us For Attorneys Learn more about our practice development tools for elder law attorneys. © 2024 ElderLawNet, Inc. Privacy Statement Medicaid 101 What Medicaid Covers In addition to nursing home care, Medicaid may cover home care and some care in an assisted living facility. Coverage in your state may depend on waivers of federal rules. READ MORE How to Qualify for Medicaid To be eligible for Medicaid long-term care, recipients must have limited incomes and no more than $2,000 (in most states). Special rules apply for the home and other assets. READ MORE Medicaid’s Protections for Spouses Spouses of Medicaid nursing home residents have special protections to keep them from becoming impoverished. READ MORE What Medicaid Covers In addition to nursing home care, Medicaid may cover home care and some care in an assisted living facility. Coverage in your state may depend on waivers of federal rules. READ MORE How to Qualify for Medicaid To be eligible for Medicaid long-term care, recipients must have limited incomes and no more than $2,000 (in most states). Special rules apply for the home and other assets. READ MORE Medicaid’s Protections for Spouses Spouses of Medicaid nursing home residents have special protections to keep them from becoming impoverished. READ MORE Medicaid Planning Strategies Careful planning for potentially devastating long-term care costs can help protect your estate, whether for your spouse or for your children. READ MORE Estate Recovery: Can Medicaid Take My House After I’m Gone? If steps aren't taken to protect the Medicaid recipient's house from the state’s attempts to recover benefits paid, the house may need to be sold. READ MORE Help Qualifying and Paying for Medicaid, Or Avoiding Nursing Home Care There are ways to handle excess income or assets and still qualify for Medicaid long-term care, and programs that deliver care at home rather than in a nursing home. READ MORE Medicaid Planning Strategies Careful planning for potentially devastating long-term care costs can help protect your estate, whether for your spouse or for your children. READ MORE Estate Recovery: Can Medicaid Take My House After I’m Gone? If steps aren't taken to protect the Medicaid recipient's house from the state’s attempts to recover benefits paid, the house may need to be sold. READ MORE Help Qualifying and Paying for Medicaid, Or Avoiding Nursing Home Care There are ways to handle excess income or assets and still qualify for Medicaid long-term care, and programs that deliver care at home rather than in a nursing home. READ MORE Are Adult Children Responsible for Their Parents’ Care? Most states have laws on the books making adult children responsible if their parents can't afford to take care of themselves. READ MORE Applying for Medicaid Applying for Medicaid is a highly technical and complex process, and bad advice can actually make it more difficult to qualify for benefits. READ MORE Alternatives to Medicaid Medicare's coverage of nursing home care is quite limited. For those who can afford it and who can qualify for coverage, long-term care insurance is the best alternative to Medicaid. READ MORE Are Adult Children Responsible for Their Parents’ Care? Most states have laws on the books making adult children responsible if their parents can't afford to take care of themselves. READ MORE Applying for Medicaid Applying for Medicaid is a highly technical and complex process, and bad advice can actually make it more difficult to qualify for benefits. READ MORE Alternatives to Medicaid Medicare's coverage of nursing home care is quite limited. For those who can afford it and who can qualify for coverage, long-term care insurance is the best alternative to Medicaid. READ MORE SEE MORE Most Recent Medicaid Articles Medicaid Spend Down: Pay for More Than Just Medical Bills 2024 Standard Protections for Spouses of Medicaid Applicants Bill Advocates for Seniors Who Seek At-Home Medicaid Care image/svg+xml image/svg+xml All Elder Law Topics Questions and Answers image/svg+xml State Medicaid Information ElderLaw 101 Estate Planning Distinguish the key concepts in estate planning, including the will, the trust, probate, the power of attorney, and how to avoid estate taxes. READ MORE Grandchildren Learn about grandparents’ visitation rights and how to avoid tax and public benefit issues when making gifts to grandchildren. READ MORE Guardianship/Conservatorship Understand when and how a court appoints a guardian or conservator for an adult who becomes incapacitated, and how to avoid guardianship. READ MORE Health Care Decisions We need to plan for the possibility that we will become unable to make our own medical decisions. This may take the form of a health care proxy, a medical directive, a living will, or a combination of these. READ MORE Estate Planning Distinguish the key concepts in estate planning, including the will, the trust, probate, the power of attorney, and how to avoid estate taxes. READ MORE Grandchildren Learn about grandparents’ visitation rights and how to avoid tax and public benefit issues when making gifts to grandchildren. READ MORE Guardianship/Conservatorship Understand when and how a court appoints a guardian or conservator for an adult who becomes incapacitated, and how to avoid guardianship. READ MORE Health Care Decisions We need to plan for the possibility that we will become unable to make our own medical decisions. This may take the form of a health care proxy, a medical directive, a living will, or a combination of these. READ MORE Long-Term Care Insurance Understand the ins and outs of insurance to cover the high cost of nursing home care, including when to buy it, how much to buy, and which spouse should get the coverage. READ MORE Medicare Learn who qualifies for Medicare, what the program covers, all about Medicare Advantage, and how to supplement Medicare’s coverage. READ MORE Retirement Planning We explain the five phases of retirement planning, the difference between a 401(k) and an IRA, types of investments, asset diversification, the required minimum distribution rules, and more. READ MORE Senior Living Find out how to choose a nursing home or assisted living facility, when to fight a discharge, the rights of nursing home residents, all about reverse mortgages, and more. READ MORE Long-Term Care Insurance Understand the ins and outs of insurance to cover the high cost of nursing home care, including when to buy it, how much to buy, and which spouse should get the coverage. READ MORE Medicare Learn who qualifies for Medicare, what the program covers, all about Medicare Advantage, and how to supplement Medicare’s coverage. READ MORE Retirement Planning We explain the five phases of retirement planning, the difference between a 401(k) and an IRA, types of investments, asset diversification, the required minimum distribution rules, and more. READ MORE Senior Living Find out how to choose a nursing home or assisted living facility, when to fight a discharge, the rights of nursing home residents, all about reverse mortgages, and more. READ MORE Social Security Get a solid grounding in Social Security, including who is eligible, how to apply, spousal benefits, the taxation of benefits, how work affects payments, and SSDI and SSI. READ MORE Special Needs Planning Learn how a special needs trust can preserve assets for a person with disabilities without jeopardizing Medicaid and SSI, and how to plan for when caregivers are gone. READ MORE Veterans Benefits Explore benefits for older veterans, including the VA’s disability pension benefit, aid and attendance, and long-term care coverage for veterans and surviving spouses. READ MORE Social Security Get a solid grounding in Social Security, including who is eligible, how to apply, spousal benefits, the taxation of benefits, how work affects payments, and SSDI and SSI. READ MORE Special Needs Planning Learn how a special needs trust can preserve assets for a person with disabilities without jeopardizing Medicaid and SSI, and how to plan for when caregivers are gone. READ MORE Veterans Benefits Explore benefits for older veterans, including the VA’s disability pension benefit, aid and attendance, and long-term care coverage for veterans and surviving spouses. READ MORE SEE MORE Most Recent ElderLaw Articles Who Pays Credit Card Debt if One's Only Asset Was a Home? Do I Owe Capital Gains on My Share of My Late Father’s Home? 11 Questions to Ask an Elder Law Attorney image/svg+xml image/svg+xml All Elder Law Topics Questions and Answers image/svg+xml Free ElderLaw Guides