HistoryNet: Your Authoritative Source for U.S. & World History Close Subscribe Now Search for: Search Today In History Wars & Events The Russia–Ukraine War American Revolution The Civil War World War I World War II Cold War Korean War Vietnam War Global War on Terror Movements Women’s Rights Civil Rights Abolition of Slavery Famous People U.S. Presidents World Leaders Military Leaders Outlaws & Lawmen Activists Artists & Writers Celebrities Scientists Philosophers Eras Modern Era 2000s 1900s 1800s Early Modern 1700s 1600s 1500s The Middle Ages Classical Era Prehistory Topics Black History Slavery Women’s History Prisoners of War Firsthand Accounts Technology & Weaponry Aviation & Spaceflight Naval & Maritime Politics Military History Art & Literature News Entertainment & Culture Historical Figures Photography Wild West Social History Native American History Magazines American History America’s Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History Military History Quarterly Vietnam Wild West World War II Newsletters Podcasts Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Close Skip to content Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube HistoryNet The most comprehensive and authoritative history site on the Internet. Subscribe Now Open Search Search for: Search Menu Today In History Wars & Events The Russia–Ukraine War American Revolution The Civil War World War I World War II Cold War Korean War Vietnam War Global War on Terror Movements Women’s Rights Civil Rights Abolition of Slavery Famous People U.S. Presidents World Leaders Military Leaders Outlaws & Lawmen Activists Artists & Writers Celebrities Scientists Philosophers Eras Modern Era 2000s 1900s 1800s Early Modern 1700s 1600s 1500s The Middle Ages Classical Era Prehistory Topics Black History Slavery Women’s History Prisoners of War Firsthand Accounts Technology & Weaponry Aviation & Spaceflight Naval & Maritime Politics Military History Art & Literature News Entertainment & Culture Historical Figures Photography Wild West Social History Native American History Magazines American History America’s Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History Military History Quarterly Vietnam Wild West World War II Newsletters Podcasts Interview The Rootinest, Tootinest Cowboy Singer Riders in the Sky founder ‘Ranger Doug’ Green keeps writing, performing and teaching others about Western music. Read on Primary Sources Napoleon’s Imperial Guard Tells of His Fight For The Emperor Feature Do We need to Reconsider What Makes an Ace? Stories Joe Hooker Was an Ineffectual General, But Does He Deserve Credit for Transforming the Union Cavalry? Interview Yes, Buzz Aldrin Walked on the Moon But We Asked Him About His Fighter Jock Days Our Podcast This Week in History watch more What If…? More what if stories What If? What If Germany Had Introduced the Me-262 Earlier in the War? The July 2010 Aviation History Reader’s Poll asks readers to discuss the impact of an earlier introduction of the Messerschmitt Me-262 on the air war in Europe. What If? What If Britain Had Made Peace With Hitler? What If? What If the Marines Had Skipped Iwo Jima? What If? What If Hitler Had Defeated the Soviet Union? What If? What If the U.S. Had Invaded a Japanese Home Island? Weapons & Gear More weapons & gear Weapons & Gear Manual Even in the Headline-Grabbing World of Drones, the Predator Stands Out The MQ-1 accumulated more than 1 million flight hours in reconnaissance and combat missions. Keep reading Stories How to Build Royce Williams’ MiG-Killing Panther Weapons & Gear Manual The Workhorse of the Berlin Airlift, the Douglas C-47 Saw Service Through Vietnam Stories The FADAC Was Used to Calculate Artillery Firing Data. Was it One of the First Personal Computers? Weapons & Gear Manual Bullard Rifles Were Popular, But Were Too Expensive and Took Too Long to Make HistoryNet Archives: Best U.S. General? Stories The Man Who Saved Korea Matthew B. Ridgway, who brought a beaten Eighth Army back from disaster in 1951, was a thinking—and fighting—man’s soldier. Keep reading Stories Omar Bradley, the General’s General Feature Admiral Raymond A. Spruance: Modest Victor of Midway Feature Patton and the Battle of the Bulge: ‘As soon as you’re through with me, I can attack the day after tomorrow morning’ Feature George Washington Needed to Keep His Spies Hidden. So He Financed a Secret Lab For Invisible Ink. EDITORS’ PICKS In 1807 a French Officer Field-Tested an Artillery Tactic That Remained Decisive for More Than a Century The breakthrough came during the Battle of Friedland, the victory that decided the War of the Fourth Coalition in Napoleon’s favor. Read MORE Napoléon knew the moment to strike his Russian foe, but his victory was a credit to an innovative reserve artillery officer. (Château de Versailles) Embattled Banner: The True History of the Confederate Flag What If Hitler Had Won World War II? Sid Cotton’s Air Force was an early ‘eye in the sky’ for Britain’s Intelligence Service Haunted by the Dead: Grave Digging in WWII was a Job No Soldier Wanted historynet magazines Our 9 best-selling history titles feature in-depth storytelling and iconic imagery to engage and inform on the people, the wars, and the events that shaped America and the world. subscribe today Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube “History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are.” David McCullough, author of “1776” HistoryNet.com is brought to you by HistoryNet LLC, the world’s largest publisher of history magazines. HistoryNet.com contains daily features, photo galleries and over 25,000 articles originally published in our nine magazines. Our MagazinesAmerican History America’s Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History Military History Quarterly Vietnam Wild West World War II About UsWhat Is HistoryNet.com? Advertise With Us Careers Contact Us Customer Service Meet Our Staff! Stay Curious Subscribe to receive our weekly newsletter with top stories from master historians. sign me up! © 2024 HistoryNet. Privacy Policy Terms of Service