Surf the web without annoying pop ups and ads! Platforms keyboard_arrow_down Chrome Firefox Edge Safari iOS Android Benefits keyboard_arrow_down Ads & Pop-Ups Cryptocurrency Mining Malware YouTube Twitch Facebook Blog Support VPN Premium menu Platforms keyboard_arrow_down Chrome Firefox Edge Safari iOS Android Benefits keyboard_arrow_down Ads & Pop-Ups Cryptocurrency Mining Malware YouTube Twitch Facebook Blog Support VPN Upgrade to Premium New! Block annoying cookie banners Tired of those frustrating pop-ups about cookies on every website? Start blocking them with AdBlock Premium and enjoy a better browsing experience today. Learn More Block Ads. Browse Block Ads. Browse Better. Use AdBlock to stop annoying ads, improve browser speeds, and protect yourself online. Get AdBlock Now close Increase Your Speed Improve page load and save memory all while experiencing a faster Internet. Learn More Improve page load times and enjoy a faster Internet. AdBlock prevents ads from downloading, giving your browser a speed boost. close Protect Your Privacy Don't let advertisers track you across the Internet. Learn More Don't let advertisers track you across the Internet. AdBlock blocks third-party trackers and helps you avoid being targeted by ads. close Remove Distractions Eliminate pop-ups, banners, and video ads, so you can see what really matters. Learn More Eliminate pop-ups, banners, and video ads, so you can see what really matters. AdBlock blocks annoying ads on YouTube, Facebook, Twitch and your favorite sites. close Support Websites Support a healthy ecosystem for websites and content creators by allowing Acceptable Ads. Learn More Support a healthy ecosystem for websites and content creators by allowing Acceptable Ads. AdBlock blocks annoying and intrusive ads but allows respectful ads by default. You can change this setting any time. Learn more. as seen in AdBlock User Reviews @Quinch It does what it should do and is very user friendly. Never have to skip ads on YouTube anymore. Thank You AdBlock! @TheresaLongo Added AdBlock to Chrome and in 5 minutes it blocked 213+ ads on just 3 websites. No more auto-play ads or intrusive pop-ups. Sites load way faster now. Brilliant! @Kelci Mohr AdBlock has drastically improved my quality of life online. About AdBlock We built AdBlock to provide a worry-free and distraction-free Internet experience for everyone. It is used by tens of millions of users worldwide on all major browsers in more than 30 languages. Created by Michael Gundlach in 2009, AdBlock is now one of the most popular browser tools in existence. The open-source software we create is designed to give users control over what they see in their web browser. It also gives users the ability to have control over their privacy by blocking many of the tools that advertisers and technology companies use to track people when they are online. We believe that publishers should be able to monetize their content via advertising. Some of our favorite content is made possible with ads, and many of our users actively allow ads from creators they like using features available in AdBlock. Our focus is blocking annoying and intrusive ads. Since 2015, we have participated in the Acceptable Ads program, where publishers agree to ensure their ads meet certain criteria. Ads that are deemed non-intrusive are shown by default to AdBlock users. If you'd like to learn more about how Acceptable Ads works, where the money from this program goes, and more, please visit our Acceptable Ads FAQ. We are a diverse, fully remote team with employees spread across North America and the globe. Our designers, developers, writers, managers, and more are obsessed with making the Internet a better place. We believe that everyone has a right to surf the web without being bombarded with pop-ups or video ads or being tracked by advertisers everywhere they go. 65,000,000+ users 127 translators 40 languages Get AdBlock Now Better. Safer. Faster. Privacy Policy • Help • License (GPLv3) • Contributors © Copyright 2009 - 2024, All Rights Reserved languages arrow_drop_down check Deutsch (DE) check English (US) check Espanol (España) (ES) check Francais (FR) check Italiano (IT) check 日本語 (JA) check Nederlands (NL) check Portugues (Brasil) (BR) check Pусский (RU) check Svenska (SE) check 中国人 (CN) check 繁體中文 (Traditional Chinese) languages In order to provide you with the best experience, we use some cookies on our website. Using our site means you are aware that we are using cookies and grant us permission to do so. You may change these permissions any time. Learn more. settings Settings Necessary cookies toggle_on Used to remember your privacy preferences. They cannot be switched off. Tracking cookies. toggle_on We use these to analyze website traffic. Save preferences Accept