Free appointment scheduling and booking system Home Features Pricing Support Sign up Log in Dashboard Online scheduling for any type of business Supercharge your business with self-service booking, reminders, payments, and more. Get started No payment details required. Free for small users Fully functional trial version with no time limit. Easy to integrate Elegant design that you can change to blend into your own site. Or use it stand-alone if you don’t have a website. Connects with your services Connects with many calendar programs, payment providers and SMS providers out of the box. Supports complex needs Set up waiting lists. Create user groups for fine-grained access control. Use a price rule engine for complex discounts. Merge availability of people and resources via binary logic. 0123 Close Why automated scheduling is right for you and your team Highly customizableSet your own design, custom messages, notifications and terms Affordable and ScalableGrow your business with unlimited staff members, schedules and users Collect payments onlineFlexible payments system with 0% commission in any currency Speaks your languageLocalized for 34 languages and all the world’s time zones Combine calendarsCombine availability from multiple calendars, sync with Google Calendar and Outlook Custom form builderDesign your own intake forms, text fields and drop-downs Responsive designUser and developer-friendly interface, manage and book from any device Seamless integrationConnect to your favorite apps, link to your calendar or embed it into your site More features Have your own appointment calendar online in minutes Sign up for an account, and get started with our free basic version Set up your personalized appointment system using the setup wizard Instantly receive a functional link to start exploring and testing your new calendar Once you’re satisfied with how it works, place the link on your own website And you’re done! The system runs on our site, but you can customize it to appear as if it’s part of your own site. Get started Online booking software easy enough for beginners with the flexibility needed for web developers 1-on-1 appointment scheduling For therapists, personal trainers, pet care professionals, embassies, sales teams, and all other one-on-one appointment-based businesses. Group scheduling and class bookings Gyms and fitness studios, schools, language teachers, tour-operators and anyone who wants to have their customers book classes, workshops, and other events online. Service appointment booking Let your customers book service appointments online. For beauty and wellness salons, medical clinics, therapists, driving instructors, cleaning services and more. Rentals and resource scheduling Just a few ways you can use our online reservation system to automate complex scheduling scenarios: Equipment rental scheduling software for your fitness center Online meeting room scheduler in a shared office space Boat rental reservation system booking staff and vessels at multiple locations Photo studio booking software that lets you book in three-minute increments View demos Close SuperSaaS works for any scheduling need … Meetings Appointments Classes Group events Rental Reservations … and for all types of organizations Personal meetings & Services HR & recruitment Pet care services Vehicle reservation Fitting service Coaching Driving instructors Household & cleaning services Repair Conference & meeting rooms Beauty & Wellness Beauty salons Relaxation massages Wellness spa Hairdressers Sports & Fitness Gym & fitness studio Sports court Golf course Yoga & Pilates classes Sports lessons Personal trainer Boat rental Health Medical professionals Medical massages Therapists Medical test & vaccination Events & Entertainment Conference & meeting rooms Events Art classes Equipment rental Escape rooms Sightseeing & tours Workforce planning Public Services Community service & volunteering Church events Local councils Embassies Education School & universities Workshops & training Private lessons Parent-Teacher meetings Language schools Our customers say the nicest things about us I conduct photography workshops and appointment scheduling is always a nightmare. Love this system and without it, I would not be able to get my appointment scheduling done without a ton of help.John Ater, Photographer We have piloted several online booking calendars – this is by far the best and most flexible. We are a recording studio and bands just love being able to book themselves in! We have noticed a sudden rise in rehearsal bookings since switching to SuperSaaS.John Merriman, Crown Lane Studio SuperSaaS satisfied the unique appointment scheduling needs of my drop in child care center while making it more convenient for parents to schedule their own reservations.Mandy James, The Treehouse Hourly Child Care We use SuperSaaS for booking everything online from meeting rooms to bikes, and all our staff comment on how easy and efficient it is to use.Louise Shaw, Kent Union Easy to use online reservation system with great features that makes record keeping a breeze, we can easily tailor our sessions to those people who have signed in.Kelsey Lapthorn, Ashford Run England Leader We have used SuperSaaS Online Appointment Scheduling System for signups for many dog training classes and both trainers and students have been quite happy with the functionality!Julia, DogWorks Training Inc. SuperSaaS was up and running smoothly in 15 minutes and fully integrated into my site, in style and format, in about an hour. The flexibility and simplicity of this online booking system is impressive.Kane, Float Matrix More testimonials 4.9/5 110 reviews 4.6/5 263 reviews 4.6/5 82 reviews 5/5 6 reviews Connect your booking calendar with your favorite apps and services Google Calendar Update your real-time availability from your Google calendar to your SuperSaaS appointment calendar Microsoft 365 Calendar Show availability in your Microsoft calendar in SuperSaaS, and show appointments from SuperSaaS in your Microsoft calendar Dropbox Ask your users to upload a photo, resume, or any file and it will land directly in your personal Dropbox WordPress Add your SuperSaaS booking schedule to your WordPress website and allow single sign-on with our web plugin PayPal Accept online payments on your online appointment schedule via PayPal or many other payment providers Google Analytics Understand how visitors interact with your schedule and get visitor insights on your calendar Zoom Let appointments in SuperSaaS automatically create a meeting in Zoom Twilio Send SMS appointment reminders via Twilio or a dozen other SMS providers Instagram Turn followers into customers by integrating your SuperSaaS appointment schedule with your Instagram page Many more integrations The benefits for your business Increased efficiency Automating the booking process removes the need for someone to manually take calls and coordinate schedules, saving time and reducing human error such as double bookings. Better service Instant appointment booking at any time eliminates the need for back-and-forth communication. This kind of self-service capability is usually preferred by customers in today’s digital world. Decreased No-shows Automatic reminders through emails or text messages significantly cuts down on forgotten or missed appointments, making sure that your business operates at maximum capacity. Frequently asked questions General questions What sets SuperSaaS apart from the competition? SuperSaaS offers more functionality than other appointment scheduling systems, owing to the continuous improvements we’ve made based on customer feedback over the last 15 years. This ensures it can usually match your preferred workflow, instead of you having to shoehorn your business process into what the system can do. Our large scale also means we can spread our cost over a large number of customers, which results in a better price. Do I need to have my own website? SuperSaaS can be integrated seamlessly into any site, if you don’t have a website (yet) you can also use the link to a SuperSaaS schedule directly, add in your email signature, share it via WhatsApp, or put it on your Facebook or Instagram page. Do you have a mobile app? When you (or your clients) visit a schedule with a mobile device, such as an iPhone or Android, the system will automatically show a version optimized for handheld devices. You can also display your calendar using an icon on the home screen of an iPad or iPhone. It will look like an app, but you don’t need to visit the App Store to download it. See the information on mobile devices for details. Can I connect SuperSaaS with other calendars? You can let the availability of your SuperSaaS schedule depend on your Google or Outlook Calendar. SuperSaaS only retrieves your free/busy information, we don’t download your appointments. This way you can allow users to schedule an appointment in your personal calendar, without the need to give anyone access to the details in your calendar. Subscriptions and billing Is the free version really free? SuperSaaS is 100% free to use indefinitely and doesn’t require credit card information to start. The free version has a limit of 50 appointments and advertisements are displayed on the calendar page, along with a few other limitations. Details can be found on the pricing page. You’re welcome to keep using the free service for private and non-commercial use. Can I switch to a bigger or smaller plan? You can upgrade or downgrade at any time, payments get adjusted automatically. You can even switch back to the free version if you don’t need the system for a while and return to it later. So seasonal businesses only need to subscribe when they’re in season. What happens if I exceed my appointment limit? When you exceed the maximum number of appointments allowed on your subscription package the system will notify you by email. You then have three days to either upgrade the account or reduce the number of appointments (feel free to email us if you need more time). We will never delete your upcoming appointments. If you still exceed your limit after three days then the system will no longer accept new appointments until the situation is rectified. All other functionality remains unchanged. So you, and your users, can still view and edit appointments that have already been entered. Do you charge when my users pay for bookings? If you would like clients to pay for appointments in advance, you can use the integrated online payment system. You can choose from several different payment providers, such as PayPal or Stripe or even offer a combination of multiple providers. They send payments to your bank account directly, deducting a charge for their service. The money does not pass through SuperSaaS and we do not charge any fee. It’s also possible to use the built in “credit system” where clients buy credits beforehand which they subsequently use to book appointments. More information can be found in our support documentation. Trusted by more than 190,000 customers worldwide. Go live with your new, branded appointment booking calendar today! Sign up for a free account Can we place a cookie, so we can collect anonymous statistics? More information. No cookies pleaseOK Blog About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Developers Contact Affiliates & Resellers © SuperSaaS 2007–2024