Prime Minister of India Skip to main content A- A A+ A A Search Search Language Choose a languageEnglishHindiAssameseBengaliGujaratiKannadaMalayalamManipuriMarathiOdiaPunjabiTamilTeluguUrdu Menu Home News News Updates Media Coverage Mann Ki Baat Prime Minister’s Office Message from the Prime Minister Quest for Transparency Right to Information (RTI) List of Officers (PMO) PM’s Interviews PM’s Funds PM National Relief Fund National Defence Fund PM CARES Fund PM’s Visits International Visits Domestic Visits Know Your Prime Minister Know the PM Former Prime Ministers Governance Track Record One Year Two Year Three year Four Year Media Library Photo Gallery Watch Live/Videos PM’s Speeches PM’s Speeches (Videos) Infographics & Quotes Stalwarts Archive Social Media Updates Interact with PM Reports E-Books Portfolios of the Union Council of Ministers Download PMO Mobile App Close Menu HOME PMINDIA Previous Next PM lays foundation stone and dedicates to nation multiple development projects worth over Rs 19,600 crores in Chandikhole, Odisha PM’s address at the launch of various projects in Sangareddy, Telangana PM’s address at the launch of various projects at Adilabad, Telangana PM’s address at the launch of various projects in Begusarai, Bihar PM’s address at the launch of various projects in Krishnanagar, West Bengal PM lays foundation stone and dedicates to nation multiple development projects worth Rs 35,700 crores in Dhanbad, Jharkhand PM addresses ‘Viksit Bharat Viksit Madhya Pradesh’ program PM and Mauritian PM jointly inaugurate new Airstrip and a Jetty at Agalega Island in Mauritius News Updates PM visits hospital to enquire about health of Swami Smaranananda ji Maharaj 05 Mar, 2024 The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, went to a hospital in Kolkata to enquire about health of the President of Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission, Srimat Swami Smaranananda ji Maharaj. PM’s address at the launch of various projects in Jajpur, Odisha 05 Mar, 2024 भगवान जगन्नाथ और माँ बिरजा के आशीर्वाद से आज जाजपुर और ओडिशा में विकास की नई धारा बहनी शुरू हुई है। आज बीजू बाबू जी की जन्म-जयंती भी है। ओडिशा के विकास के लिए, देश के विकास के लिए बीजू बाबू का योगदान अतुलनीय रहा है। PM lays foundation stone and dedicates to nation multiple development projects worth over Rs 19,600 crores in Chandikhole, Odisha 05 Mar, 2024 The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi laid the foundation stone and dedicated to the nation multiple development projects worth over Rs 19,600 crores in Chandikhole, Odisha today. PM’s address at the launch of various projects in Sangareddy, Telangana 05 Mar, 2024 बीते 10 वर्षों से केंद्र सरकार तेलंगाना को विकास की नई ऊंचाइयों पर ले जाने के लिए निरंतर काम कर रही है। इसी अभियान के तहत, आज मैं लगातार दूसरे दिन आप सबके बीच तेलंगाना में हूँ। View More Photo Gallery Quotes Videos PM's Speeches Governance Track Record Our Mantra should be: ‘Beta Beti, Ek Samaan’ "Let us celebrate the birth of the girl child. We should be equally proud of our daughters. I urge you to sow five plants when your daughter is born to celebrate the occasion." -PM Narendra Modi to citizens of his adopted village Jayapur. Beti Bachao Beti Padhao (BBBP) was launched by the Prime Minister on 22nd January, 2015 at Panipat, Haryana. BBBP addresses the declining Child Sex Ratio (CSR) and related issues of women empowerment over a life-cycle continuum. It is a tri-ministerial effort of Ministries of Women and Child Development, Health & Family ... View More Know the PM Dynamic, dedicated and determined, Narendra Modi arrives as a ray of hope in the lives of a billion Indians. Read More Former Prime Ministers PM's Profile Shri Narendra Modi was sworn-in as India’s Prime Minister on 30th May 2019, marking the start of his second term in office. The first ever Prime Minister to be born after Independence, Shri Modi has previously served as the Prime Minister of India from 2014 to 2019. He also has the distinction of being the longest serving Chief Minister of Gujarat with his term spanning from October 2001 to May 2014. In the 2014 and 2019 Parliamentary elections, Shri Modi led the Bharatiya Janata Party to record wins, securing absolute majority on both occasions. The last time that a political party ... View More Interact with PM Share your ideas, insights and thoughts Write to the Prime Minister Our Goverment The President of India Rajya Sabha Lok Sabha The Cabinet Secretariat MyGov GOI Web Directory Press Information Bureau National Portal of INDIA Content managed byPrime Minister's Office Website designed, developed & hosted by National Informatics Centre Home Website Policies Link to us Help Contact Us Web Information Manager Last Updated: 05 Mar 2024