Welcome to the Obama Foundation | The Obama Foundation Skip to content We Value Your Privacy We and our third-party partners (such as Meta and Google) use cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about you to operate and improve the website, run analytics to better understand our audience, and show you personalized content and advertising. By clicking "Accept" you consent to our use of cookies. Read more about how we use cookies in our Privacy Statement. Reject Cookies Accept Cookies Donate Menu Primary Utility Menu Obama.org My Brother's Keeper Alliance Girls Opportunity Alliance Shop Primary Product Menu About Menu About Item Collapsed Our Programs Menu Our Programs Item Collapsed Obama Presidential Center Menu Obama Presidential Center Item Collapsed Stories Donate Our mission is to inspire, empower, and connect people to change their world See Our Work in Action See our work in action. News & Updates Explore how we’re building a world-class museum and public gathering space on the South Side of Chicago. The Obama Presidential Center Go inside the Center The Obama Presidential Center will feature a world-class museum and public gathering space on the South Side of Chicago. Sneak Peek See how we're taking leadership training to the next level. Leadership Programs The Obama Foundation’s Leaders Program Learn how we’re connecting and empowering changemakers to create lasting change in their communities and around the world. Learn More Find out how we're supporting democracy across the globe. Defending Democracy Footer Secondary Utility Secondary Product The Foundation The Foundation The Foundation About About Our Mission Our Mission Leadership Leadership The Office of Barack and Michelle Obama Opens in a new tab The Office of Barack and Michelle Obama Opens in a new tab Financial Information Financial Information Press & Media Press & Media Our Work Our Work Our Work Obama Presidential Center Obama Presidential Center Leaders Program Leaders Program Scholars Program Scholars Program Voyager Scholarship Voyager Scholarship My Brother's Keeper Alliance My Brother's Keeper Alliance Girls Opportunity Alliance Girls Opportunity Alliance Discover Discover Discover Stories Stories Press Releases Press Releases Get Involved Get Involved Get Involved Donate Donate Careers Careers Join Our Email List Join Our Email List Vendor Information Vendor Information Contact Us Contact Us FAQ FAQ Sign Up for our Newsletter Help build this Foundation from the ground up, and be among the first to know about major news and updates. First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Enter Your Email Address (Required) Yes, I agree to the Terms of Service. (Required) View Terms of Service Sign Up Follow Us Follow Us OF Facebook OF Instagram OF LinkedIn Legal Information Terms of Service | Privacy The Obama Foundation is a nonpartisan 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization on a mission to inspire, empower, and connect people to change their world. Read more about our tax-exempt status.