Anki - powerful, intelligent flashcards Home Docs AnkiWeb Powerful, intelligent flash cards. Remembering things just became much easier. Download Remember Anything From images to scientific markup, Anki has got you covered. Remember AnywhereReview on Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, and any device with a web browser. Remember Efficiently Only practice the material that you're about to forget. About Anki Anki is a program which makes remembering things easy. Because it's a lot more efficient than traditional study methods, you can either greatly decrease your time spent studying, or greatly increase the amount you learn. Anyone who needs to remember things in their daily life can benefit from Anki. Since it is content-agnostic and supports images, audio, videos and scientific markup (via LaTeX), the possibilities are endless. For example: Learning a language Studying for medical and law exams Memorizing people's names and faces Brushing up on geography Mastering long poems Even practicing guitar chords! Features SynchronizationUse the free AnkiWeb synchronization service to keep your cards in sync across multiple devices. FlexibilityFrom card layout to review timing, Anki has a wealth of options for you to customize. Media-RichEmbed audio clips, images, videos and scientific markup on your cards, with precise control over how it's shown. Optimized Anki will handle decks of 100,000+ cards with no problems. Fully Extensible There are a large number of add-ons available. Open SourceBecause the code and storage format is open, your important data is safe. "The single biggest change that Anki brings about is that it means memory is no longer a haphazard event, to be left to chance. Rather, it guarantees I will remember something, with minimal effort. That is, Anki makes memory a choice." Michael A. Nielsen, "Augmenting Long-term Memory" "No other application [...] comes remotely close to Anki in terms of the number and power of features, flexibility in study, or implementation of spaced repetition." K. M. Lawson, "Anki All the Way" "I've been using Anki for two years now, and I just wanted to thank you personally for contributing to the single most obvious improvement in my quality of life. I'm not being hyperbolic: consistent use of Anki has opened more doors for me intellectually than I could have imagined two years ago. And being a poor student, I'll be forever grateful that you've provided this software open-source and free of charge." Keldin, via email Download Anki Windows Mac Linux iPhone/Android Development Choose a platform from the left. Download Two variants are available: Qt5 vs Qt6. Download Anki for Windows 10/11 (23.12.1 Qt6) Download Anki for Windows 10/11 (23.12.1 Qt5) Installation & troubleshooting guide Change notes & older releases Alternate download site Alternate changes site Downloads If you're on an M1/M2/M3 Mac, pick the Apple Silicon version for better performance/battery life. Older machines will need to use the Intel version. Two variants of the Intel version are available: Qt5 vs Qt6. Download Anki for macOS 11+ (Intel, 23.12.1 Qt6) Download Anki for macOS 12+ (Apple Silicon, 23.12.1 Qt6) Download Anki for macOS 10.13.4+ (Intel, 23.12.1 Qt5) Installation & troubleshooting guide Change notes & older releases Alternate download site Alternate changes site Downloads Two variants are available: Qt5 vs Qt6. Download Anki for 2018+ (23.12.1 Qt6) Download Anki for 2018+ (23.12.1 Qt5) Installation & troubleshooting guide Change notes & older releases Alternate download site Alternate changes site Source code Anki's source is available on GitHub. There are instructions for building in the docs/ folder. If you encounter problems with the build system please let us know, but please note the expectation is that you are able to dig into basic issues by yourself. If you have no programming experience, please use the packaged version instead. If you encounter bugs while running Anki from source, please check to see if you can reproduce them in the packaged version, as the Qt version or other libraries on your system can be the cause of some problems. Source tarballs Other old downloads Development The latest code is located on GitHub. Please see the files in docs/ for further instructions. Translating Anki Please see this page for info on translating Anki into a different language. iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch Get AnkiMobile AnkiMobile is a paid companion to the free computer program, for use on Apple devices. By purchasing the app, you help to support Anki's future development. If you can't afford the app, you can still use AnkiWeb. Android Devices Get AnkiDroid AnkiDroid is written by a separate group of people. As it was based off the free desktop code I make available, the AnkiDroid developers decided to make the Android version free as well.