grain edit · modern graphic design inspiration blog + vintage graphics resource Home / About / Contact Us / Links / Advertise / Archives / Sort / Design Jobs Search Andrew Fairclough Interview Kate Bingaman-Burt Interview Chris DeLorenzo Interview Justin Pervorse Interview Ty Wilkins Interview Josh Brill Interview Brad Woodard Interview Ed Nacional Interview Thrift Hawks Seen Elsewhere Product Reviews Off our book shelves How to / DIY grain edit news Found design Features designers promotional items designers bookshelf Design Events Contests and giveaways Olle Eksell Site & Shop This Is Forest — Joel Speasmaker MVM — Magnus Voll Mathiasson Art School Cliche Spotting Posters Discovered in Notting Hill Gate Tube Station Vinyl Documentary: To Have & To Hold Partisan Memorials in Former Yugoslavia Up in the Air- Opening sequence Geoff Mcfetridge: Where the Wild Things Are Title Design Nikkatsu – Japanese actions films grain feed (RSS) grain widget grain edit on: facebook / myspace / twitter / etsy / pinterest submit a story/ link Making of the Pixar book Mike the 2600 King dj mix Iain Follett's Stamps Sean and Nicole Flores Wood Type Specimens Modern Sticker + Stamp club Paul Rand group Start the Year off Right With 2 Months of Skillshare Premium for Free Looking to start 2019 off on the right foot? Looking for ways to challenge yourself and take your work to another level? Skillshare is an online learning community with thousands of classes related to design, illustration, business and marketing with guidance from the top industry experts. Join Grain Edit faves such as Andrew Fairclough, Tom Froese, Kate Bingaman-Burt and Brad Woodard in classes on handmade textures, storytelling, self-promotion and much more. In addition, delve into curated workshop offerings alongside like-minded students that provide ways to encourage each other and gather feedback. Whether you are looking to launch a fulfilling side project, explore a new career path or further develop your existing talents, Skillshare has you covered. For a limited time, Grain Edit readers can receive 2 months of Skillshare Premium for free. Don’t miss out on this opportunity! Click here to receive 2 months of Skillshare Premium for free. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 01.29.19 | Dave | sponsors Share on Facebook Recently Received Books In our latest edition of book picks we highlight titles from Wee Society, Intercom, Universe/Rizzoli, Laurence King, TBW Books, HarperCollins and Princeton Architectural Press. In addition, we take a look at a stunning new typeface from Lost Type. All this and more after the jump. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 12.15.18 | Dave | recently received Share on Facebook 2018 A’Design Award & Competition Winners VAUNCE Trampoline Park Brand Identity Design by PlusX and Vaunce The 2018 A’Design Awards winners have been announced! Pulling from a large pool of entrees, The esteemed award is presented to artists whose work rises above and excels in the area of creativity, technology, and design. The contest is divided into a broad range of categories including Visual Communication, UI and UX, Photography and more. Entries are then carefully considered by an international panel of design professionals, scholars, and members of the press. Winners receive the A’Design trophy, invitations to exclusive design clubs, as well as services to advance their careers. In addition, they are honored for their accomplishments at the award ceremony in Como, Italy later this year. Congratulations to everyone who participated! Here are some of our favorite entries from this year’s prizewinners: Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 04.23.18 | Dave | Uncategorized Share on Facebook A’ Design Awards & Competition – Last Call for Entries “Module” Calendar by Katsumi Tamura The deadline for submissions to the A’ Design Awards is quickly approaching. Entries must be received before February 28th. The renowned event which is held each year Como, Italy honors exemplary design work from a variety of categories including Print, Packaging, Photography, Visual Communication, and more. In addition to the A’Design trophy, winners receive marketing assistance, valuable feedback and networking opportunities at the prestigious gala event. Don’t miss your chance to have your work recognized on an international level. Register now. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 02.20.18 | Dave | sponsors Share on Facebook A’ Design Awards & Competition – Call for Entries Motif Wine by En Garde Interdisciplinary GmbH Do you have a project you’re really proud of? Do you think it could win an award? Start off the New Year by taking a chance and entering the A’Design Awards, the largest design competition in the world. The annual event is held in Como, Italy and accepts entries for both conceptual and realized projects. Celebrating all areas of design, the competition is organized into 100 categories including Print Design, Visual Communication, Packaging, UI and UX, Photography and more. Entries will be evaluated by a grand jury panel composed of design professionals, academics, and members of the press from across the globe. Whether you’re a student or a professional, this contest is a unique opportunity to receive feedback on your work and obtain access to services that can help foster your career. To participate, register your designs before the deadline on February 28th. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 02.05.18 | Dave | sponsors Share on Facebook World Design Rankings Filoferru Outdoor Chair by Robby Cantarutti and Partners Since 2010 the A’ Design Awards have been tracking and displaying important data gathered from their prestigious competition at the World Design Rankings (WDR). The lengthy list has recently been updated to reflect the results of the past year and is now viewable to the general public. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 01.08.18 | Dave | Found design Share on Facebook Elda Broglio Elda Broglio is an illustrator and designer who focuses on motion graphics and editorial projects. She often employs fluid lines and playful patterns to craft lighthearted drawings that capture the comforts found in everyday actives. In her collection “The Rest”, she illuminates the quiet moments that occur between the chaos that comes with modern life. The pieces feature a tranquil cast of characters such as a commuter riding the train and a gardener enjoying the aromas of his plants. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 12.20.17 | Sandy | Found design Share on Facebook Run Studio Run Building and sustaining a design firm is a massive endeavor and until recently there has been a lack of material on the subject. In Run Studio Run, a new book published by Extracurricular Press, Eli Altman sheds light on the topic and shares valuable insights that help to shape his naming/branding agency A Hundred Monkeys. With stories and personal commentary, Eli digs into the nitty gritty of running a business and the challenges along the way. Joining him are a diverse cast of studio owners and freelancers including Aaron Draplin, Kate Bingaman-Burt and Brent Couchman that provide advice and tips throughout the book. Run Studio Run is still in fundraising mode, but should be released this coming Spring. To support production costs and secure a copy please visit the Kickstarter campaign. Prints, pins and notebooks designed by the team at Moniker are also available as special rewards for backers. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 12.19.17 | Dave | Found design Share on Facebook Stéréo Buro Stéréo Buro is a Parisian multidisciplinary studio founded by Diane Boivin, Christelle Ménage, and Silvia Dore. After working at prominent agencies throughout Europe, the trio joined forces to create a new studio and combine their unique and complementary skills. Today they craft compelling work for music festivals, workshops, and exhibitions throughout France. While designing promotional posters and brochures, they explore a wide variety of styles and often push the boundaries of unconventional type. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 12.18.17 | Sandy | Found design Share on Facebook Stefan Hürlemann Stefan Hürlemann uses personal side projects to help him pursue his love for type and experimentation. Since 2016, he has participated in the weekly challenge offered by blankposter.com, a site that encourages artists to design a poster based off of a randomly generated word. This exercise pushes him to use a variety of typefaces and explore different techniques and tools. These explorations have also inspired him to analyze unique themes and move his work in new directions. Read the rest of this entry » Share on Facebook 12.13.17 | Sandy | Found design Share on Facebook Page 1 of 198123...Next »Last » grain edit: home | about | contact | links | advertise sort: sitemap | tag index get connected: myspace | facebook | widget c2007 Grainedit