NutritionFacts.org | The Latest Nutrition Related Topics NutritionFacts.org Search Search EN ES Video Library Latest Video Random Video All Videos Browse Videos by Topic Live Q&As Dr. Greger's Live Presentations Books How Not to Age How Not to Die How Not to Diet How Not to Die Cookbook How Not to Diet Cookbook How to Survive a Pandemic View All Books Resources Explore NutritionFacts.org Audio Podcast Webinars Blog Recipes Guides and Handouts Speaking Dates Email Series Daily Dozen Challenge Host a Screening Optimum Nutrient Recommendations Subscribe E-Mail Subscriptions Volunteer Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Vimeo Donate Donate Volunteer Our Supporters Donor Rewards and Recognition About About NutritionFacts.org Meet the Team Frequently Asked Questions Our Values EN ES What is the healthiest diet? Find out what the latest science is saying about your favorite foods to help you make the healthiest choices for you and your family Watch our free videos on more than 2,000 health and nutrition topics with new videos and articles uploaded every day Find Out More Start Watching or go straight to our latest video Michael Greger, M.D. FACLM Founder, NutritionFacts.org Sign up for our free How to Live Longer email series, which will give you some of the best information for boosting your longevity. Find Out More Find Out More Popular Health & Nutrition Topics View All Topics Flaxseeds 53videos Vitamin D Supplements 49videos Diabetes 301videos Vitamin B12 46videos Oats 25videos Blood Pressure 200videos Protein 155videos Men's Health 146videos Latest Video Is Longevity Genetic? Based on a study of thousands of twin pairs, only about 25 percent of the difference in lifespan among people is genetically determined. Watch Video Latest Live Presentation How Not To Age – Live Presentation In this live lecture, Dr. Greger offers a sneak peek into his latest book, How Not to Age. Watch Now Latest Blog Fighting Inflammation with Flaxseeds Elevated levels of pro-inflammatory, aging-associated oxylipins can be normalized by eating ground flaxseed. I previously explored the “Potent Antihypertensive Effect of Dietary Flaxseed in Hypertensive […] Read More English Spanish Nutrition Videos Browse Topics Introductory Videos Latest Videos Dr. Greger's Live Presentations Blog and Resources Blog Recipes Webinars Speaking Dates Guides and Handouts Nutrition FAQs Optimum Nutrient Recommendations COVID-19 Resources Get the Books How Not to Age How Not to Die How Not to Diet The How Not to Die Cookbook How Not to Diet Cookbook How to Survive a Pandemic Get the App Daily Dozen iOS Daily Dozen Android Daily Dozen Digest Daily Dozen Challenge Support Us Donate Our Supporters Donor Rewards & Recognition Merch Get Involved Volunteer Opportunities Internship Opportunities Employment Opportunities Open Source Initiative Share Your Story Host a Screening Get Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram YouTube Vimeo NutritionFacts.org 中文 Subscribe E-Mail Subscriptions Volunteer Newsletter Video RSS Feed Blog RSS Feed Help About NutritionFacts.org Help Get Support FAQ Copyright Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Service Get in Touch Contact Us Press Speaking Inquiries Interview Inquiries Charity ID: 05-0559626 We our volunteers! Apply Now! Pin It on Pinterest