Edgar Cayce’s A.R.E. 🕊️ Your Body, Mind, Spirit Resource Since 1931 Edgar Cayce & Readings + Life Work with the Association Readings Topics + Akashic Records Ancient Mysteries + Seven Prophecies Yet to Come Astrology Dreams + Dream Dictionary ESP & Psychic Phenomena Health & Wellness Life’s Purpose Meditation & Prayer Reincarnation Spiritual Growth Foundation A.R.E. Resources + Blog Holistic Health Database + Common Health Issues and Treatments List Disease Overview Diet & Nutrition Health & Healing Important Concepts Research Reports and Articles Therapies Glossary Publications Search A.R.E. Library Cayce TV New Awakenings Podcast Tarsia Center + Our History Card Catalog Online Circulating Files & Research Bulletins Andrew Jackson Davis Collection Egerton Sykes Collection Jaffin Family Archives Chronology in Physical Readings Support the Library Mobile Apps Events + Events & Programs Free Daily Activities AREÖM Studio Cayce Institute for Culinary Medicine Tours + Tours Loyalty Program Tours FAQ Tours Terms & Conditions On Demand Events Groups & Services + Spiritual Study Groups + Find A Study Group Start a Group Register Your Group Support Study Groups Resources Prayer Services + Join Us In Prayer Request Prayer Glad Helpers Prayer Group 40-Day Forgiveness Prayer Support Prayer Services Prison Outreach Services + Prison Study Groups History of Prison Program Support Prison Outreach Family Resource Hub + Watch Listen Connect Read Happiness Lab Education + Atlantic University Cayce Reilly School of Massage Hospitality & Shopping + Health Center & Spa Cayce’s Corner Gift & Bookstore Graze Kitchen & Catering Shop Online Philanthropy + Make a Donation + Donor Spotlight Donations at Work Planned Giving + Edgar Cayce Legacy Society Leave a Bequest Trusts Gift of Life Insurance Gifts of Retirement Assets Gifts of Real Estate Gifts of Stock Office of Philanthropy Membership + Membership Benefits & Options Member Login Renew Membership About Us + Hours & Headquarters Our Organization Tour of the Campus Financials Public Relations FAQs Work With Us + Employment Volunteer Contact + Headquarters U.S. Volunteer Field Team International Centers Member Login Unlock Member Benefits Members Login Search for: you're in the right place if you're looking for… answers healing growth family community Founded by Edgar Cayce in 1931 with the purpose of helping people to transform their lives for the better, A.R.E.’s mission is to create opportunities for profound personal change in body, mind, and spirit through the wisdom found in the Edgar Cayce material. We’re so happy you’re here! Stay inspired and in-the-know about upcoming events, podcast releases, community opportunities and more. Email NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ find your gathering Heal Thy SelfThree Day Healing Immersion Join Dr. JP Amonte, Mary Elizabeth, J.D., and Mark Thurston, Ph. D. for an immersive three day experience that will ...March 8, 2024March 10, 2024A.R.E. Professional Life Coach Certificate TrainingAre you ready to join groundbreakers supporting cultural shifts toward reintegrating spiritual nature into daily living? If so, sign up for the ...March 18, 2024March 22, 2024Cayce On-Call: Heal Thyself–A Nutrition and Wellness JourneyJoin us to focus on your holistic health and wellness! We believe that health is a process and a journey to find healing that comes from within, ...April 3, 2024May 8, 202412:00 PM1:00 PM View All Upcoming Events explore Edgar Cayce’s readings Edgar Cayce is known for his trance-like states where he aligned his mind with the universal consciousness. He channeled insights offering practical help and advice to answer questions asked by people from across the country. These insights were documented and became known as Edgar Cayce “readings” and are still used today. The majority of Edgar Cayce's readings deal with holistic health and the treatment of illness. Today individuals from all walks of life and belief receive physical relief from illnesses or ailments through information given in the readings, even though some readings are 100 years old. The entire set of 14,306 readings includes a vast array of subject matter that can be narrowed down into the following categories: Akashic Records Ancient Mysteries Astrology Dreams ESP & Psychic Phenomena Health & Wellness Life's Purpose & Challenges Meditation & Prayer Reincarnation Spiritual Growth connect with your community As a mind, body, spirit resource, the Edgar Cayce A.R.E. offers many ways for you to connect to your community, fulfilling your soul and helping others to do so as well. When you join in your community, your desire to be of service increases the overall energy of shared love and healing for everyone. Spiritual Study Groups Prayer Services Prison Outreach Family Resource Hub Group Tours & Travel transform your journey The Edgar Cayce wisdom has been transforming lives for nearly 100 years. Explore topics such as personal spirituality, holistic health, dreams, finding your life’s purpose, reincarnation, intuition, meditation, astrology, mindful living, ancient mysteries, and so much more. No matter where you are, you can find wisdom and inspiration from the work of Edgar Cayce. Start your transformational journey today! A better you. A better future. A better world. unlock yourbenefits answer your calling Becoming a better YOU with Atlantic University | Earn your Masters DegreeCertify to be a massage therapist at the Cayce/Reilly® School of Massage personal transformation through holistic & contemplative education Offering Master’s degrees in Transpersonal Psychology and Leadership Studies, Graduate Certificates in Regression Hypnosis and Mindful Leadership, a certificate of completion in Spiritual Mentoring, as well as continuing education for lifelong learners, Atlantic University has something for you. This fully accredited curriculum presents holistic studies, psychology, literature, spiritual traditions, science, creativity, visual arts, and inner life work. Atlantic University’s focuS is to help people achieve higher human potential and transform their lives, better understand their relationship to all life, and be of profound service to others. explore Atlantic University courses a leader in holistic education, wellness, and healthcare since 1987 The only massage therapy school in the U.S. to teach Edgar Cayce’s holistic healing philosophies of body, mind, and spirit, our 700-hour program offers a unique convergence of leading-edge technical massage instruction with the concepts of holism, healing, and personal transformation. The first massage school in Virginia to obtain COMTA accreditation, the Cayce/Reilly School remains the only COMTA-accredited massage school in southeastern Virginia. Explore Massage Certifications refresh and awaken There’s so much to do on campus! Meditate in our bamboo garden; relax with a massage; grab a bite to eat; go shopping in our unique metaphysical store, and so much more. Health Center & Spa Your self care journey starts here! Since 1967, we have been transforming lives through holistic healing, including massage therapy, bodywork, hydrotherapies, acupuncture, chiropractic care and more. We focus on comprehensive body, mind, spirit care—as recommended in the Edgar Cayce readings—which support your body’s innate healing abilities. see our services Graze Kitchen & Catering Located on campus and operated by Executive Chef Shelley Kilby, Graze Kitchen and Catering offers seasonal menus with healthy southern-style food, prepared with fresh and locally sourced ingredients. Bowls, sandwiches, salads, soups, sides, smoothies, beverages, deserts and more for brunch, lunch and dinner carry-out. see our menu Cayce’s Corner Your boutique for wisdom, oneness, and wellness—from our dazzling array of crystals, stones, and jewelry to unique handcrafted items from local artisans, we want to be your favorite source for thoughtful and meaningful gifts. more info tune in and find inspiration Events The A.R.E. presents events and webinars on topics that enrich and inspire, featuring some of the nation’s top speakers. Attend online or in person. Find your next event and register today! explore all events Cayce TV Our videos include topics found in the psychic readings of Edgar Cayce—from holistic health and spiritual growth to psychic development and dream interpretation. access Cayce TV Reflections Podcast The Wisdom of Edgar Cayce—Broadcasting a new show every month, Reflections is your way to take a look at what’s happening inside Edgar Cayce’s A.R.E. listen to podcast Creating Calm Podcast Each episode will dive into specific challenges parents face today. Together, we’ll explore how to navigate the world of parenting in these challenging times. listen to podcast FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Edgar Cayce’s A.R.E. – Association for Research and Enlightenment, Inc. 215 67th Street, Virginia Beach, VA 23451United States (757) 428-3588 • (800) 333-4499 Edgar Cayce’s A.R.E. is a nonprofit, tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to providing tools for wellness, personal empowerment, and spiritual growth based on the work of Edgar Cayce. Contact Us Edgar Cayce’s A.R.E. – Association for Research and Enlightenment, Inc. • All Content Copyright 2023, Privacy Policy.Website by Red Chalk Studios We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings