IceBike.org - A love of bikes and all kinds of cycling Skip to content GO GO Bike Reviews Road Bikes Mountain Bikes BMX Bikes Hybrid Bikes Fat Tire Bike Other Bikes Comfort Bikes Electric Bikes Single Speed & Track Bikes Specialty Bikes Triathlon & Time Trial Bikes Gears Bike Helmet Mirror Bike Odometer Studded Bike Tires Best Road Bike Wheels Guides Bike Size Chart and Guide Kids Bike Size – Chart and Guide Mountain Bike Size Chart Road Bike Sizing Guide Bike Brands Studded Bike Tires How to Build a Bike Recumbent Bike Benefits Bike Maintenance Tips 58 Milestones in Bicycle History Reports Texting While Driving Iconic Velomobile Designs Bikepacking Routes 58 Milestones in Bicycle History Ice Biking Winter Cycling In Ice and Snow Winter Cycling Clothes Winter Cycling Gear Guide Winter Cycling Shoes and Footwear Best Winter Cycling Goggles Cycle Computers for Ice Cycling Winter Bike and Studded Tires Cycling Stories Covered in Snow Winter Road Bike Training More in Ice Biking Miscellaneous News Car Free Living Interviews Bike Touring Techniques BMX Inspiration Cruiser Bike Electric Bike Fixie Bike Folding Bike Kids Bike Mountain Bikes Recumbent Bicycle Miscellaneous Clothing Gear Calculator Gear Ratio Frame Size Search for Reviews and compare Prices on Bikes and Gear! See Reviews and Compare Prices or simply browse all bike reviews (909bikes) Road Bikes Mountain Bikes BMX Bikes Hybrid Bikes Electric Bikes Comfort Bikes Specialty Bikes Gears The trusted provider of unbiased reviews for bikes, and biking gear. Our Bikes Review and Rating Process Our mission is to be transparent and honest with our readers, so here are some insights into the process of reviewing Bike / Bicycle, Gears, and Bike Accessories.With hundreds of different bikes and accessories tested over the years, we have developed a review process that allows us to evaluate products from the inside out so that you, by proxy, can as well. Below are some of the things we look for. We find the demand.We use feedback from our readers, as well as research tools like Google Trends, to identify the best bikes and top brands that people are searching for. We do the research.We scour the web for the top reviewed bikes, gather information from sites like REI, Amazon, and then have our team of experienced bikers review and vet all of the information. You choose the product.Our detailed, simplified reviews provide you with the product's pros and cons, as well as its key highlights, allowing you to make the most informed decision possible. Latest How To Find The Right Mountain Bike Frame Size Isn't it exciting? Going out to buy a new mountain bike? Man, I sure do love buying a new bike. But do you know that there is more to buying a new bike than just deciding on which color you... Read more 21 Beginner Mountain Biking Tips To Become A Pro! Road Bikes vs. Mountain Bikes: How To Make The Right Pick Three Basic Bike Maintenance Tips You Can Do Yourself How To Choose Cycle Computers for Winter And Ice Cycling How To Choose The Best Bike Rack For Your Car How Cycling Will Help You De-Stress Better Than Medication News Bianchi Impulso RC: A Fusion Race-Winning Gravel Bike! Bianchi, the UK-based Italian brand has been bringing creativity to the cycling world since 1885. You might think 13 decades... Read more Cyclist Sues Giant For £200,000 After Bizarre Accident Leaves Him With Broken Back Discover The Unseen: Coastal Causeway Just Made Zwift Worlds Better Introducing The Sno-Go Ski Bike: The Perfect MTB For Winter Adventures Kids Bike The Truth About Bike Trailers for Kids and Babies Tricycle Vs Balance Bike – What’s Better For Your Toddler? 10 Best Bikes For 4 Years Old! 8 Best Kids Dirt Jumpers to Choose From 10 Best Electric Bikes For Kids and Teens! 10 Best 3 Wheeled Scooters For Kids- Fun Options! Popular topics Kids Bike Size Chart: The Definitive Guide to Kids Bike Sizing + Infographic Are you looking for the most accurate kids bike size chart available on the Internet (used by bike professionals around the world?) Then look no further, because this is the ultimate guide for you that wants to buy a (perfect) bike... Read more 30 Iconic Velomobile Designs From The Past 85 Years The 25 Scariest Texting and Driving Accident Statistics 10 Reasons Why A Recumbent Road Bike Is The Best Choice 121 Bikepacking Experts Share Their Routes Around The World The 15 Types Of Cyclists We All Hate 18 Benefits Of Single Speed Mountain Bike Top Bike Brands We review the best bike brands in the market, our team of expert reviewers objectively test a wide range of bikes and accessories across the best bike brands. Whether it’s big brands or new companies, if it’s out there, we’re reviewing it for you.See how some of your favorite brands rank on our rigorous, unbiased bike reviews! Click any of the above brands to go straight to our reviews. If you got a specific question about a brand? Leave us a comment or shoot us an email! Top Bike Deals Hunting for a bicycle deal? Check out our constantly updated resource on the best cycling deals.Buying a new bike can be expensive enough, so be sure to take advantage of our exclusive Ice Bike discounts or seasonal sales so you never have to pay full price on your dream new bike! Best Cycling Deals Gear Reviews 12 Must Have Features In Toddler Bike Helmets Pam Blalock’s 5 Best Tips to Winter Cycling Tubeless Bike Tires: Are They Worth The Change? 10 Best Bike Bells To Choose From! How to Commute In Winter- Cycling in Ottawa, Canada Guides Is The Pro’s Closet Legit? Let’s Find Out! 5 Best Tips to Hot Weather Cycling and Summer Cycling Flying With A Bike: Here’s How You Can Pack It! How to Plan A Cycling Training Program For Disabled Children How to Remove Rust From Bike In Easy Steps Bike Tools and Guides How Cycling Makes You Smarter! What Are Recovery Rides- Benefits, Method, And More How To Change Owning A Bike Shop Into A Profitable Business 10 Old People Who Will Inspire You To Never Stop Biking How Can You Prevent Injury While Cycling? How To Do Winter Cycling in Ice and Snow- Icebike Tips Meet our experts We're Real People! And just like you, we love our bikes.With so many Bike options out there, it’s difficult to navigate which choice is better in an online world. Our bikes reviews are carefully examined and we want to make sure that you should know how we pick and review our products, and yes we are Real and Passionate about what we do, which many other online leading sites don’t do.We don’t mind giving personal recommendations either.Meet the team on our about page! Newsletter About Legal Details Contact Us Privacy Policy Disclaimers & Disclosures Terms And Conditions Cookies Policy Icebike.org is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com BIKE REVIEWS Mountain Bike Reviews Road Bike Reviews Electric Bike Reviews BMX Bike Reviews Comfort Bike Reviews Hybrid Bike Reviews Road Bike Wheels Reviews Tools & Guides BMX Inspiration Cruiser Bike Inspiration Electric Bike Inspiration Fixie Bike Inspiration Folding Bike Inspiration Kids Bike Inspiration Mountain Bike Inspiration Recumbent Bicycle Inspiration Road Bike Inspiration INSPIRING ARTICLES Ice Biking Car Free Living Interviews Miscellaneous Clothing Bike Touring Reports Techniques © ICEBIKE.org 1998 - 2024.