Smart Cities News | Smart Cities Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's smart cities industry news Let Smart Cities Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Transportation Buildings & Design Climate & Resilience Energy & Utilities Housing Tech & Data Governance Equity Justin Sullivan via Getty Images Robotaxi expansion approved in California over local objections Waymo can begin operating driverless robotaxis immediately in Los Angeles and on the San Francisco peninsula following a March 1 decision by the California Public Utilities Commission. Read more ➔ Top stories Building energy code revamps can get another $90M from DOE LA City Council plans to streamline solar, battery installation review process Fuel cell electric buses up 75% in transit fleets last year Can you fix a Phoenix water shortage? A new drought simulation game lets players try. Newark, New Jersey, sells residents $1 homes to fend off corporate property buyers The Latest Scott Olson via Getty Images Iowa bill seeks to bring grocery options to underserved communities Introduced by a state representative who formerly owned a food store, the proposed legislation would provide grants of $50,000 to $500,000 to grocers with up to 10 locations. Equity Joe Raedle via Getty Images FTA makes $9.9B in formula funds available for public transportation Due to the ongoing budget debate in Congress, the funds represent only the first five months of fiscal year 2024. Transportation Jacob Wallace/Smart Cities Dive ‘We are behind’: On composting, NYC’s new sanitation chair pushes for funding, transparency Budget cuts to New York City’s community composting program are “unacceptable,” Council Member Shaun Abreu said at the first Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee hearing of the year. Climate & Resilience Courtesy of Wisk Self-flying air taxis planned for Houston-area skies The city of Sugar Land, Texas, and eVTOL developer Wisk Aero, a Boeing subsidiary, will bring pilotless air taxis to the city’s airport, which serves the greater Houston area, per a new agreement. Transportation Amorn Suriyan via Getty Images NYC defines ‘green economy,’ projects job growth in new action plan The 124-page plan released yesterday is the city’s latest signal that it is hungry to be at the center of climate change-related business and workforce growth. Transportation Karl Weatherly via Getty Images Deep Dive Congressional action on energy permitting remains stuck, but states, developers are finding solutions States are resolving local objections to projects through community engagement while transmission developers are making innovative use of existing rights-of-way to bypass permitting logjams. Climate & Resilience Michael M. Santiago via Getty Images Data lacking on assaults against taxi, ride-hailing drivers and passengers, GAO says Uber, Lyft and taxi companies do not regularly report data on assaults, leaving the agency to conclude that it can't measure the prevalence of such crimes. Transportation Sean Gallup via Getty Images Local, tribal clean energy projects can tap into $18M from DOE Microgrids and downtown revitalization efforts that create energy-efficient buildings are potential projects the Department of Energy suggested could be eligible. Climate & Resilience Christopher Furlong via Getty Images Ocean City, Maryland, ‘cannot be bought’: Mayor rejects offshore wind developer’s benefits package Mayor Rick Meehan said US Wind offered community benefit packages in exchange for local officials refraining from negative comments about the planned renewable energy project. Climate & Resilience Kevork Djansezian via Getty Images Pedestrian deaths declined modestly in first half of 2023: GHSA “A decrease in pedestrian fatalities is welcome news,” said the Governors Highway Safety Association's Adam Snider, but the numbers are still far above pre-pandemic levels. Transportation Douglas Rissing via Getty Images JLL urges governments to right-size leased space, focus on talent retention in 2024 Agencies must reimagine workspaces to attract younger workers amid a looming “talent cliff,” according to the firm’s 2024 government trends report. Buildings & Design EXTREME-PHOTOGRAPHER via Getty Images Utility Con Edison to reward NYC EV charging operators for reducing demand at peak times Rideshare and fast-charging provider Revel will be the first participant in Consolidated Edison’s new EV charging program. Officials say program incentives should help to lower station operating costs. Transportation Mario Tama/Getty Images via Getty Images Climate risk planning portal from Argonne National Lab gets new features The portal uses one of the world's largest supercomputers to model climate change hazards. Now, communities can use it to predict impacts on vulnerable populations and infrastructure. Climate & Resilience Scott Olson via Getty Images FTA awards $631M to 3 transit agencies for new rail cars Older rail cars cost more to maintain and lack modern amenities such as digital signage and direct access for riders with disabilities, according to the Federal Transit Administration. Transportation The image by Elvert Barnes is licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 Los Angeles County sues Grubhub over ‘bait and switch’ fees The county calls for an injunction against alleged deceptive business practices and for Grubhub to pay fines for possible violations of California’s unfair competition and false advertising laws. Governance Klubovy via Getty Images Heat pumps would cut energy bills for majority of US homes: NREL research Even so, “we need work to bring down the cost of installing heat pumps,” said a senior research engineer at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Buildings & Design Courtesy of Rivian Automotive EV startup Rivian to lay off 10% of salaried workforce Founder and CEO RJ Scaringe said that Rivian still firmly believes in the full electrification of the automotive industry. Transportation Win McNamee via Getty Images DC updates strategy to reach ‘zero waste’ by 2040, including many policy proposals The plan calls for actions such as implementing commercial waste zones and banning certain items from disposal. Climate & Resilience MattGush via Getty Images EPA rolls out $83M for air quality monitoring after tightening soot standard The Biden administration is hoping to clean up the nation’s air, but about two-thirds of U.S. counties lack air monitors, according to Earthjustice. Climate & Resilience Courtesy of Riverside Investment & Development 5 of the largest office-to-residential conversions underway across the US Over 55,000 residential units are in the pipeline, concentrated in major metros. Buildings & Design Courtesy of Xcel Energy Why Colorado cities don’t want to pay for any of a $2B electric transmission project The Municipal Energy Agency of Nebraska and three of its municipal utility members in Colorado contend they won't benefit from the project, which Xcel Energy’s Public Service Co. of Colorado is building. Climate & Resilience Tim Boyle/Getty Images via Getty Images Chicago sues oil, gas companies to make them pay for ‘climate deception’ The nation's third-largest city joins dozens of other municipalities and states that have filed similar lawsuits. Climate & Resilience Courtesy of InductEV Seattle to add electric buses that use wireless charging In-ground inductive chargers will power double-decker buses along a new Sound Transit bus rapid transit route. Transportation Fahroni via Getty Images Building decarbonization guide to be developed by ASHRAE, Noresco The guide will provide case studies, guidance and key takeaways to help building owners and operators establish robust plans and feel confident in their decarbonization endeavors, says the chair of the guide’s working group. Buildings & Design Joe Raedle via Getty Images Infrastructure law may increase transportation’s GHG emissions as states spend more on highways The White House is also expected to delay the transition to electric vehicles in a revision to the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed emissions regulation. Transportation More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Smart Cities Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular Can you fix a Phoenix water shortage? A new drought simulation game lets players try. Fuel cell electric buses up 75% in transit fleets last year Newark, New Jersey, sells residents $1 homes to fend off corporate property buyers Self-flying air taxis planned for Houston-area skies Library resources Trendline The Smart Cities Dive Outlook on 2024 Supported by Smart Cities Dive Trendline Ensuring school security and safety Supported by FARO Playbook 5 Ways Mass Timber Boosts ROI on Multifamily Projects Custom content for Think Wood View all Company Announcements TerraGo Named a Leader in IDC MarketScape for Smart, Sustainable Cities IoT Applications Platf… From TerraGo Technologies View all | Post a press release What We're Reading New York Times These Cities Aren’t Banning Meat. They Just Want You to Eat More Plants. Bloomberg Solar Farms Are Being Installed Where You Least Expect Them Smart Cities World Boston makes urban tree data available on open data hub View all Smart Cities Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Article Licensing Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Related Publications Utility Dive Waste Dive image/svg+xml Industry Dive is an Informa business © 2024 Industry Dive. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy. Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell Search Home Topics Transportation Buildings & Design Climate & Resilience Energy & Utilities Housing Tech & Data Governance Equity Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get Smart Cities Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.