Conservation International Home Our Work About Us Join Us Facebook twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Subscribe Please enter a valid email Thank you for joining the CI Community Donate Single Donation Monthly Donation Blog USA Protecting the nature we all rely on for food, fresh water and livelihoods What Stabilizing Our Climate by Protecting and Restoring Nature Doubling Ocean Protection Expanding Nature-Positive Economies How Innovations in Science Innovations in Finance Partnering with Communities Working with Governments Engaging with Corporations Where Americas Africa Asia-Pacific Aotearoa Australia Bolivia Botswana Brazil China Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador Hong Kong Indonesia Japan Madagascar Mexico Peru Philippines Samoa Singapore South Africa Suriname Timor-Leste Home Home Our Work What Stabilizing Our Climate by Protecting and Restoring Nature Doubling Ocean Protection Expanding Nature-Positive Economies How Innovations in Science Innovations in Finance Partnering with Communities Working with Governments Engaging with Corporations Where Americas Africa Asia-Pacific About Us Join Us Blog Search Stay in touch Please enter a valid email Thank you Donate Make a one time donation Make a monthly donation Conservation International Protects Nature Like ThisThe food we eat, the water we drink, the air we breathe — it all comes from nature. We have a plan to keep nature safeSecuring the health of Earth’s climate, ecosystems and biodiversity is essential to the well-being of all people. Worldwide, Conservation International is working to improve the lives of people everywhere by protecting oceans, forests and other living ecosystems. Stabilize our climate Click to expand We are protecting and restoring ecosystems including forests, mangroves and peatlands that absorb climate-warming carbon. Learn how we protect nature to stabilize the climate © Pete Oxford/iLCP Double Ocean Protection Click to expand We aim to double the total amount of ocean area under protection, while developing innovative science to protect the high seas, coral reefs and mangroves that support all life on Earth. Learn how we protect the ocean © Christina Mittermeier/sealegacy Expand Nature-Positive Economies Click to expand We are helping countries build self-sustaining economies that are built on the protection, not the destruction, of nature. Learn how we expand nature-positive economies © Marlon del Aguila Guerrero Stabilize our climate Click to expand We are protecting and restoring ecosystems including forests, mangroves and peatlands that absorb climate-warming carbon. Learn how we protect nature to stabilize the climate © Pete Oxford/iLCP Double Ocean Protection Click to expand We aim to double the total amount of ocean area under protection, while developing innovative science to protect the high seas, coral reefs and mangroves that support all life on Earth. Learn how we protect the ocean © Christina Mittermeier/sealegacy Expand Planet-Positive Economies Click to expand We are helping countries build self-sustaining economies that are built on the protection, not the destruction, of nature. Learn how we expand planet-positive economies © Marlon del Aguila Guerrero How we work Since 1987, Conservation International has combined fieldwork with innovations in science, policy and finance to secure the critical benefits that nature provides to humanity. Innovations in Science Conservation International is behind some of the most extraordinary, cutting-edge conservation science taking place today. Our research is cited more than leading universities. Innovations in Finance From our launch of the world's first debt-for-conservation swap in 1987, Conservation International is changing the equation to make nature more valuable alive than destroyed. Partnering with Communities Respecting the rights of Indigenous people and local communities was one of our founding principles, and it guides our work to this day. Working with Governments Our science and expertise are helping governments take action to protect nature and the benefits it provides to people. Conservation International’s approach to conservation puts human well-being on equal footing with environmental goals. We respect human rights, ensure our programs are designed with gender equality in mind and create opportunities for local communities to earn a living while also helping nature. Join Us Receive breaking conservation news from around the world, straight to your inbox. ERROR Sign Up Thank you! You will receive an email confirmation shortly. SUPPORT US Join the thousands of people like you who have stepped up to support our critical conservation work around the world. Latest Conservation News Science Planetary scientist wins ‘Nobel for the environment’ A pioneer in the field of sustainability has earned a major honor. Johan Rockström is this year’s winner of the Tyler Prize, recognized for his work developing the planetary boundaries framework, which gauges Earth’s ability to sustain humanity. View all posts about: Science Climate Change Study: To restore grasslands, it’s time to get wild It’s easy to understand why ambitious reforestation campaigns capture public attention. Earth’s forests are absolutely vital to staving off a climate crisis and protecting nature. But what about grasslands? View all posts about: Climate Change Communities In Bolivia, a 'conservation mosaic’ gets another (big) piece In the remote lowland forests of northwestern Bolivia, a small community has taken a big step to protect one of the Amazon’s most biodiverse regions. View all posts about: Communities Biodiversity Study: As climate crisis escalates, so too could human-elephant clashes When humans and elephants come into contact, the results can be deadly — and if climate change and habitat loss continue, a new study finds, things could get even worse. View all posts about: Biodiversity Oceans Study: Shark-finning bans fall short, but bright spots offer hope Despite evidence that efforts to ban shark finning in recent years isn't reducing shark mortality, new research shows there is reason to have hope. View all posts about: Oceans Finance and Tech Meet the startup that's making seaweed more sustainable In the past decade, seaweed production has boomed as researchers and investors eye its climate potential. Yet alongside seaweed’s promise, there are pitfalls. A company in the Philippines is working to change that. View all posts about: Finance and Tech Read All Conservation News Share with Facebook Share with LinkedIn Share with WhatsApp Follow Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn RSS Resources Newsroom Videos Conservation News Blog Carbon Footprint Calculator About Us Mission + Vision Our Centers Annual Reports + Financials Our Policies Ethics Hotline Grievance Mechanism Leadership Board of Directors Senior Staff Leadership Council Fellows We're proud to be recognized as a financially accountable and transparent organization. Listen to Nature Conservation International Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Donor Privacy Careers Request for Proposals © 2024 Conservation International