Home | The Art Institute of Chicago Skip to Content Primary Navigation Buy Tickets Visit Exhibitions & Events The Collection Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Become a Member Shop Menu Welcome to the Art Institute of Chicago Plan Your Visit Closed today, next open Thursday. Closed today, next open Thursday. See all hours Mon 11–5 Tue–Wed Closed Thu 11–8 Fri–Sun 11–5 The first hour of every day, 10–11 a.m., is reserved for member-only viewing. Welcome to the Art Institute of Chicago, home to a collection of art that spans centuries and the globe—and one of Tripadvisor’s “Best of the Best” US attractions of 2023. We look forward to your visit and invite you to explore our many exhibitions and to join us for one of our free daily tours. 111 S Michigan Ave Buy Tickets FOLLOW US Free Winter Weekdays Calling all Illinois residents! Enjoy free general museum admission every weekday (Mondays, Thursdays, and Fridays), January 8–March 22, 2024. Learn more Exhibitions See all current exhibitions Picasso: Drawing from Life Nov 11, 2023–Apr 8, 2024 Closing Soon Canova: Sketching in Clay Nov 19, 2023–Mar 18, 2024 Radical Clay: Contemporary Women Artists from Japan Dec 16, 2023–Jun 3, 2024 Events See all upcoming events Drop-In Sketching Thurs, Mar 7 | 12:00–2:00 Lecture: #5WomenArtists—New Narratives in the Americas Collection Thurs, Mar 7 | 6:00–7:00 Gallery Conversation: Letter from Birmingham Jail Fri, Mar 8 | 2:00–3:30 Saturday Studio: Small Woven Structures Sat, Mar 16 | 12:00–2:00 Join our Community The best way to lend your support is to become a member. Become a Member The Collection Explore thousands of artworks in the museum’s collection—from our renowned icons to lesser-known works from every corner of the globe. Explore the Collection Buy Tickets Articles & Videos See more article Art-Inspired Activities for Spring Looking for something new to do, see, or make on your next visit? This handy guide has you covered. highlight Black Artists article Celebrating Lunar New Year: The Year of the Dragon article Talking about Prayer and Art in the Galleries article Signed, Sealed, Delivered: Correspondence Art Museum Shop From books and notecards to jewelry and home decor, we have something for every art lover. Explore the Shop Sign up for our enewsletter to receive updates. Email address Subscribe See all newsletters News and Exhibitions Career Opportunities Families Public Programs K-12 Educator Resources Teen Opportunities Research, Publishing, and Conservation Back to top Footer content Primary Navigation Visit Exhibitions and Events The Collection Locations Michigan Avenue Entrance 111 South Michigan Avenue Chicago, IL 60603 Modern Wing Entrance 159 East Monroe Street Chicago, IL 60603 About us Mission and History Leadership Departments Financial Reporting Support us Membership Luminary Planned Giving Corporate Sponsorship Learn with us Families Teens Educators Ryan Learning Center Follow us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Footer Links Press Careers Contact Venue Rental Image Licensing SAIC Terms From To S M T W T F S Done Reset Learn more Lorem ipsum Gallery actions Image actions Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest Email Copy link Secondary Navigation Buy Tickets Visit Primary Navigation Visit Exhibition & Events Exhibition & Events Exhibitions Events The Collection The Collection Artworks Writings Resources Buy Tickets Become A Member Shop About Us Learn With Us Support Us Secondary Navigation Press Careers Contact Venue Rental Image Licensing SAIC Terms Social links Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Suggested Terms Calendar Free Admission Membership What to See in an Hour Blog Holidays Picasso