MuckRock MuckRock Logotype A boldfaced logotype that spells MuckRock. MuckRock Logo The MuckRock logo depicts an electronic document with an antennae inscribed inside a circle. Sections A list of items News Projects Requests Assignments Sections A list of items More Jurisdictions Agencies Donate About Us Staff FAQ API Search Icon A magnifying glass Search Cancel Create Request File Request Sign Up Log In File, track, and share public records requests. Create Request File a Request Explore filed requests or learn how it works. 133,175 filed requests 24,153 agencies 43,632 fulfilled requests 9,623,608 released pages Recently completed requests See all → Completed 1 file Agency Roster (Yuma County Sheriff's Office) Marcus Boyd sent this request to the Yuma County Sheriff's Office of Yuma County, AZ Completed 15 files Business Insider January 30, 2023 public records request Insider Staff sent this request to the Department of Education of Arkansas Completed 7 files CMS/HHS letter Sam Mellins sent this request to the New York State Department of Health of New York Completed 1 file Brady List (February 2024) (Pend Oreille County Prosecuting Attorney) Rose Terse sent this request to the Pend Oreille County Prosecuting Attorney of Pend Oreille County, WA Completed 2 files Use and policies for controlled firearms acquired through 1033 program (Sonora Police Department) John Lindsay-Poland sent this request to the Sonora Police Department of Sonora, CA Completed Agency Roster (Maricopa County Sheriff) Marcus Boyd sent this request to the Maricopa County Sheriff of Maricopa County, AZ Newsletter Want the latest investigative and FOIA news? Email Icon resembling an envelope. Subscribe For the Record: How to research political candidate’s background ahead of the 2024 election by Kelly Kauffman February 28, 2024 The latest on FOIA, transparency and accountability battles, threats and wins from MuckRock. Read More Release Notes: Table Extraction Add-Ons, FOIA Log Explorer and DocumentCloud Search Improvements by Sanjin, Open Source Fellow February 27, 2024 We’ve launched several improvements over the last two weeks, including a few new DocumentCloud Add-Ons to help you extract tables from your documents and boosted DocumentCloud search stability. MuckRock’s FOIA Log Explorer now has agency cards, which provide you with more detail about each agency’s logs. Read More How Brazilian journalists tapped DocumentCloud’s AI tools to analyze tens of thousands of social media posts by Sanjin, Open Source Fellow February 21, 2024 Join us on March 1 to hear how Brazilian newsroom Aos Fatos parsed large volumes of social media updates to report powerful stories. Read More Missouri House bill would allow further testing for St. Louis radioactive waste by Allison Kite February 20, 2024 ‘There could potentially be some areas surrounding those known areas where there could still be contamination that is yet to be identified,’ says the bill’s sponsor. Read More ‘The Air We Breathe:’ What Cicero and Stickney residents need to know about the Koppers coal tar plant by Dillon Bergin, Jorge Martinez, Glendalys Valdes and Derek Kravitz February 13, 2024 Koppers is a chemical plant on the south side of Pershing Road, on the border between Cicero and Stickney. Read More Projects See all FOIA 101: Tips and Tricks to Make You a Transparency Master ★ Featured 190 articles Whether it's your first request or your first request *today,* it never hurts to go over the basics. MuckRock's compiled a lot of FOIA advice over the years, and with this project, it's all in one place. Learn more Smoke, Screened: The Clean Air Act’s Dirty Secret ★ Featured 95 requests 8 articles “Smoke, Screened” is an investigative series by The California Newsroom, MuckRock and the Guardian on the large environmental impact of a little-noticed deregulatory tool found in the Clean Air Act. The provision in the Clean Air Act has allowed the Environmental Protection Agency to strike pollution from clean air tallies in more than 70 counties, enabling local regulators to claim the air was cleaner than it really was for more than 21 million Americans. The loophole allows regulators to forgive pollution, and avoid costly cleanup work, caused by “natural” or “uncontrollable” events, including wildfires. Learn more Dangers in Our Air: Mapping Chicago’s Air Pollution Hotspots ★ Featured 5 requests 11 articles Chicago’s air quality is among the worst in the U.S., and the city has several local hotspots for particulate matter 2.5 — the tiny particles that come from diesel trucks and industry and enter people’s lungs and blood, causing significant health problems. Between April 2021 and March 2023, the tech company Microsoft installed and monitored 115 air quality sensors across Chicago. We worked with Chicago newsrooms, including the Cicero Independiente, WBEZ and the Chicago Sun-Times, ​​to analyze this data for a series of stories on the city’s comparatively poor air quality. We then installed our own air quality sensors in Chicago neighborhoods that lacked coverage in the Microsoft network — and looked for trends and spikes in pollution. Learn more Uncounted: An investigation of U.S. death certificate errors and the undercount of COVID-19 deaths ★ Featured 11 articles Death certificates have long been prone to error. During the pandemic, they've gotten worse, resulting in thousands of uncounted COVID-19 deaths. "Uncounted" is a collaboration between MuckRock, the USA TODAY network and dozens of local newsrooms around the country. We found that short-staffed, undertrained and overworked coroners and medical examiners took families at their word when they called to report the death of a relative at home. Coroners and medical examiners didn’t review medical histories or order tests to look for COVID-19. The result is a skewed picture of COVID-19 deaths in the U.S. Learn more Newsletter Want the latest investigative and FOIA news? Email Icon resembling an envelope. Subscribe MuckRock Logo The MuckRock logo depicts an electronic document with an antennae inscribed inside a circle. MuckRock is a non-profit collaborative news site that gives you the tools to keep our government transparent and accountable. Make a Donation © 2010–2024 Muckrock Sections News Projects Requests Agencies Jurisdictions Newsletters About About Us Staff FAQ Editorial Policy API Privacy Policy Terms of Service Financials Feeds Latest Reporting Latest Questions Recently Filed Requests Recently Completed Requests