Android Open Source Project Docs What's new? Release notes Latest security bulletins Latest Compatibility Definition Document Site updates Getting Started About Start Download Build Create Contribute Community Tools, build, and related reference Security Overview Bulletins Features Testing Best Practices Core Topics Architecture Audio Camera Connectivity Data Display Fonts Graphics Interaction Media Performance Permissions Power Runtime Settings Storage Tests Updates Virtualization Compatibility Compatibility Definition Document (CDD) Compatibility Test Suite (CTS) Android Devices Cuttlefish Enterprise TV Automotive Get Started Guidelines for Development Development Tools Testing Tools and Infrastructure Release Details Reference HIDL HAL Trade Federation Security Test Suite GO TO CODE ➚ English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Android Open Source Project Android unites the world. Use the open source Android operating system to power your device. Get source Docs More GO TO CODE ➚ What's new? Release notes Latest security bulletins Latest Compatibility Definition Document Site updates Getting Started About Start Download Build Create Contribute Community Tools, build, and related reference Security Overview Bulletins Features Testing Best Practices Core Topics Architecture Audio Camera Connectivity Data Display Fonts Graphics Interaction Media Performance Permissions Power Runtime Settings Storage Tests Updates Virtualization Compatibility Compatibility Definition Document (CDD) Compatibility Test Suite (CTS) Android Devices Cuttlefish Enterprise TV Automotive Get Started Guidelines for Development Development Tools Testing Tools and Infrastructure Release Details Reference HIDL HAL Trade Federation Security Test Suite AOSP Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Interfaces and architecture Learn how the pieces fit together, from the kernel to the HALs to updatable system components. Understand architecture Android security is essential Find out how the Android security program works and learn how to implement the latest features. Implement security Design compatible devices Offer consistent experiences across different Android-powered devices for users and app developers. Test devices About the Android Open Source Project Android is an open source operating system for mobile devices and a corresponding open source project led by Google. This site and the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) repository offer the information and source code needed to create custom variants of the Android OS, port devices and accessories to the Android platform, and ensure devices meet the compatibility requirements that keep the Android ecosystem a healthy and stable environment for millions of users. As an open source project, Android's goal is to avoid any central point of failure in which one industry player can restrict or control the innovations of any other player. To that end, Android is a full, production-quality operating system for consumer products, complete with customizable source code that can be ported to nearly any device and public documentation that is available to everyone (in English at source.android.com and in Simplified Chinese at source.android.google.cn). Just as you can contribute code to AOSP, you can also contribute to AOSP documentation—and we want your input! Android's flexibility and ever-changing codebase means this site needs your feedback to keep content fresh, accurate, and relevant to Android implementors. We encourage you to check the changelog for details on recent AOSP updates and to report bugs or offer suggestions using the Site Feedback at the bottom of every page (or by visiting g.co/androidsourceissue). Generic Kernel Image (GKI) Development The Generic Kernel Image (GKI) project addresses kernel fragmentation by unifying the core kernel and moving SoC and board support out of the core kernel into loadable vendor modules. GKI also presents a stable Kernel Module Interface (KMI) for vendor modules, so modules and kernel can be updated independently. Get up-to-date, detailed information and tips on optimizing the Generic Kernel Image (GKI) for your implementation. Learn about GKI Security and Update Bulletins Every month, we publish the Android Security Bulletin along with the Android Automotive Bulletin and Pixel Update Bulletin. Go to any of the following Android and Pixel Bulletins to see links to the fixes and new build numbers associated with the latest security release. Android Security Bulletin Pixel Update Bulletin Android Auto Bulletin News Catalog for Android docs (experimental) Search all available AOSP and developer documents using our experimental tool. Search the docs Android 14 documentation Android 14 is available! This site includes documentation for implementing the features, improvements, and enhancements in the newest version of Android. Read the docs Android Security Bulletins Check the latest Android and Pixel Bulletins with links to associated fixes and new build numbers to support the monthly security release. Android Security Bulletin Build fingerprint The build fingerprint is a unique, human-readable string containing manufacturer information issued to each build that is useful in reporting issues and now documented more fully. ID your build Build Android repository Requirements Downloading Preview binaries Factory images Driver binaries Connect @Android on Twitter @AndroidDev on Twitter Android Blog Google Security Blog Platform on Google Groups Building on Google Groups Porting on Google Groups Get help Android Help Center Pixel Help Center www.android.com Google Mobile Services Stack Overflow Issue Tracker About Android Community Legal License Privacy Site feedback Manage cookies English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어