The Intuitive Data Privacy Platform for Simplifying Compliance | Osano Platform Data Privacy Platform The simple, all-in-one data privacy platform Cookie Consent Manage consent for data privacy laws in 50+ countries Subject Rights Management Streamline the DSAR workflow Data Mapping Automate and visualize data store discovery and classification Vendor Privacy Risk Management Ensure your customers’ data is in good hands Assessments Privacy Templates GDPR Representative Consult Privacy Team Regulatory Guidance Integrations Osano is proud to be recognized as a G2.com Leader for Consent Management. Learn More Solutions By Regulation CPRA Discover how Osano supports CPRA compliance CCPA Learn about the CCPA and how Osano can help GDPR Achieve compliance with one of the world’s most comprehensive data privacy laws By Organization Type Start-Up Don’t let data privacy compliance get in the way of growth Mid-Sized Preserve your competitive edge Enterprise Manage data privacy at scale By Use Case Consent Management Manage consent without the complexity DSAR Automation Never miss a DSAR deadline again Vendor Risk Management Regain insight and control over your customers’ data Privacy Program Management Build and grow an end-to-end privacy program Resources View All Resources Articles Expert insights on all things privacy Resource Center Key resources to further your data privacy education U.S. Data Privacy Laws A guide to data privacy in the U.S. Topics Research the most essential privacy topics Newsletter Subscribe and become a Privacy Insider Our Pledge No fines, no penalties Product Updates What’s the latest with Osano? System Status What’s the status of account management systems, the platform, and support systems? Latest Blog post Privacy Impact Assessment Guide: 7 Best Practices to Master PIAs One of data privacy’s greatest challenges is that it can all feel... Read Now Company About Us The Osano story Careers Become an Osanian and help us build the future of privacy! Contact We’re eager to hear from you Our Pledge No fines, no penalties Data Licensing Add Osano data privacy ratings and recommendations to your application Osano Swag Store Increase Trust. Stay Compliant. Get Cool Swag. Press & Media Inquiries and Osano in the news Partners & Resellers Interested in partnering with us? Pricing Sign In Book a Demo Increase Trust. Stay Compliant. Do the Right Thing. Compliance doesn’t have to be complex. The Osano data privacy management platform supports, streamlines, and automates compliance in your organization—without the stress. Book a Demo Get Started Based on 85+ reviews on Join thousands of companies winning consumer trust with Osano PLATFORM BENEFITS One Platform for Your Privacy Program Osano simplifies privacy compliance by helping organizations build, manage, and scale their privacy program to increase trust, stay compliant, and do the right thing. Solve for consent management, data subject rights, assessments, and vendor risk—all in one place. Osano empowers you and your customers through transparency into and control over the personal data you process. Compliant in 50+ Countries Including GDPR, CCPA/CPRA, LGPD, and more. Supported by Our Pledge Backed by the industry’s only “No Fines. No Penalties.” pledge. OSANO BY THE NUMBERS Meet Your Compliance Challenges Our customers use Osano to support the full range of data privacy compliance activities. With Osano backing thousands of brands on the web, we’re proud to enable trust and protect privacy for businesses and consumers alike. 40,000+ Osano Users 1 billion+ Consents served per month HOW IT WORKS Using Osano Is Easy Osano balances robust compliance capabilities with maximum usability. Users can execute a wide range of compliance tasks quickly and simply: Copy one line of JavaScript to your website header for consent management. Embed a form and/or specify an email address for secure, centralized DSAR management. Search for target vendors in our database to view and track their privacy practices. Create, update, and store privacy assessments within the app. Automatically search for and discover consumer data across data stores. THE OSANO PLATFORM Solutions for Your Biggest Privacy Challenges Use the Osano data privacy platform to streamline and simplify your most challenging data privacy tasks. With Osano’s suite of solutions, you’ll minimize risk, save resources for revenue-generating initiatives, and—most importantly—stay compliant. Schedule a Demo View All Products Cookie Consent Collect, act on, manage, and record consent preferences with banners based on the visitors’ local jurisdiction and/or global privacy control signals. Learn More Subject Rights Management Centralize subject rights requests, manage and streamline the DSAR workflow, and automate common request types such as summaries and deletions. Learn more Data Mapping Discover, classify, visualize, and prioritize your organization’s stores of personal data in a fast, automated fashion. Understand and manage personal data stores without the need for manual spreadsheets and workflows or dependence on in-demand, general-purpose data analysis resources. Learn more Vendor Privacy Risk Management Use Osano’s privacy score for more than 11,000 vendors to quickly compare and evaluate companies’ privacy practices. Reduce the risk of partner non-compliance by staying informed of vendor lawsuits, privacy policy changes, and privacy gaps. Learn more Expert insights Key Resources on All Things Privacy Discover actionable compliance tips straight from our team of legal and privacy experts through our blogs, webinars, ebooks, guides, and more. View All Blog Posts View All Resources Privacy Assessments Privacy Impact Assessment Guide: 7 Best Practices to Master PIAs One of data privacy’s greatest challenges is that it can all feel just so abstract. Read Now Press Releases Announcing The Privacy Insider Book For decades, unchecked data collection and processing was the norm—today, not so much. The sudden shift in thinking around data privacy has left many feeling out of the loop, uncertain about why data privacy matters and how they can wrap their head around their new regulatory obligations. Read Now Data Mapping Data Mapping: Frequently Asked Questions Most people find data privacy compliance to be complicated enough. So, when they encounter the concept of data mapping—something that isn’t an explicit requirement in any data privacy law—many find themselves scratching their heads. Read Now Testimonials Why Customers Love Osano All Osanians work hard to ensure our customers have a delightful experience and stay compliant. Hear their reports on what it’s like to be an Osano customer. "The Osano team is very knowledgeable, helpful, and accessible. I know I can expect a thoughtful and prompt response to all my questions. The platform is intuitive, easy to implement, and enables us to holistically monitor privacy compliance. We really could not be happier." Ivanna C G2 Reviewer "Osano helped us get into cookie compliance in a customer-friendly and consistent manner. Looking forward to spending less time worrying about keeping up with legal changes with Osano looking out for the many coming changes in data compliance." Aaron L G2 Reviewer "Osano is simplifying our international expansion and giving our exec team peace of mind with privacy compliance. It also has allowed us to conserve developer resources with its "one line JS" model." Ryan W CEO, G2 Reviewer "The platform is highly intuitive, and the team has extensive legal knowledge of privacy regulations. Everything in the platform is set up for easy completion; you hardly need to contact the team for questions." Lilla M Digital Marketing Manager, G2 Reviewer "We like that [Osano] is an all-in-one solution and that it automatically searches our site to keep us compliant." Glen B Director of Compliance and Commissions, G2 Reviewer "It is hard to keep track of third-party cookies in an enterprise where several departments can add cookies. Osano helps take that back under control." Martin V Information Security Officer and Software Quality Manager, G2 Review WATCH THE OVERVIEW Osano in 90 Seconds Watch to learn all about the basics of Osano—the intuitive data privacy platform for simplifying privacy compliance. Simplify Data Privacy Compliance With Osano, building, managing, and scaling your privacy program becomes simple. Schedule a demo or try a free 30-day trial today. Book a Demo Get Started The Simple, All-in-One Data Privacy Platform Subscribe to Osano news & insights Products Cookie Consent Subject Rights Data Mapping Vendor Management Assessments Privacy Templates GDPR Representative Regulatory Guidance Consult Privacy Team Company About Us Careers Contact Our Pledge Press & Media Data Licensing Partners & Resellers Partner Resources Osano Swag Store Resources Articles Resource Center Documentation Developer Documentation FAQs Newsletter Plans & Pricing Schedule a Demo Product Updates System Status Open Source Sitemap Legal Cookies DPA GDPR Privacy Terms © 2018 - 2024 · Osano, Inc., a Public Benefit Corp · Osano is a registered trademark of Osano, Inc. a Public Benefit Corporation · Nothing on the Osano website, platform, or services, nor any portion thereof constitutes actual legal or regulatory advice, opinion, or recommendation by Osano, Inc. a Public Benefit Corporation, Osano International Compliance Services LTD, or Osano UK Compliance LTD. If legal assistance is required, users should seek the services of an attorney.