Independent Tests and Reviews of Vitamin, Mineral, and Herbal Supplements - ConsumerLab.com ConsumerLab.com uses JavaScript to provide the best possible experience for our content, but your browser has it disabled. Learn how to enable it here. Product Reviews Health Conditions Brands Warnings Answers News Join Now & Get Full Access Sign In Join Now In The News Testimonials News Releases Search Reviews & Articles Product Reviews (A-Z) Health Conditions Brands Answers Warnings Clinical Updates Recommended Intakes & Limits Avoid Counterfeits Membership & Subscription Join Now & Get Full Access Member Sign In Group Subscriptions Give a Gift Member Support Join Free Newsletter About ConsumerLab.com About Us Meet Our Team Testimonials About Testing Testing Programs Quality Certification Program & List How Products Were Tested ConsumerLab Seal News News Releases ConsumerLab In The News ConsumerLab Annual Survey Contact Us Privacy Policy Ad-Free. Independent. Powered by Members Like You. Find the Best Psyllium Fiber Supplement and Avoid Lead Some green teas provide barely any green tea polyphenols, while some others are high strength. See the Test Results and Our Top Picks for Green Tea. Trouble Sleeping? See CL's Latest Tests of Melatonin Supplements and Top Picks. NEW: Amazon Basics Filter Tested vs. Brita and Others Find out if phosphatidylserine helps with memory and which products are best. 10 Most Popular ConsumerLab Product Reviews of 2023 Find Out If D-Mannose Helps Prevent Urinary Tract Infections and How Products Compare. How to Avoid Fake Vitamins & Supplements Online See Our Top Picks for Walnuts Is Your Chocolate or Cocoa Healthful or Toxic? See Our Test Results. See the Best Pitchers For Filtering Out "Forever Chemicals" Best Multis In 2023 -- Caution With Gummies Alpha-Lipoic Acid: See How Much "Active" Form We Found Find the Best Vision Supplement Based Our Tests Most Popular Supplements? See What The Survey Showed Statin vs Supplements for Lowering Cholesterol 7 Red Flags to Watch Out For When Buying Vitamins & Supplements Previous Next Join over 90,000 Members Find the best products with instant access to our latest tests & reviews of over 1,400 health products. Save money by finding high-quality products at lower cost. Stay safe with the latest clinical findings & warnings. See answers from our experts. Stay informed with our e-newsletter. Join Now "ConsumerLab is the best place to go to get information on supplements such as vitamins and minerals. They have comprehensive articles explaining what works, what doesn’t work, and what risks, if any, are involved." Paul Blumstein - Fairfax, Virginia ConsumerLab.com member since 2014 "Consumerlab provides me with the TRUTH (pros/cons) on products I purchase." JoDell Stansel - Alvin, Texas ConsumerLab.com member since 2010 "I love my ConsumerLab membership. I don't buy anything anymore without searching the best from your findings." Devi N. - San Diego, CA ConsumerLab.com member since 2017 "ConsumerLab.com is my go-to place to evaluate dietary supplements. It's an independent organization staffed by good people providing good advice for anyone taking supplements." Zorba Paster, M.D., Physician and Radio Host - Oregon, Wisconsin ConsumerLab.com member since 2010 "I have used Consumerlab's independent test information to help select the best supplements such as calcium, magnesium, Co-enzyme Q-10, and others." Jim W., RPh, MBA - New Hope, PA ConsumerLab.com member since 2000 See Our Reviews of Popular Supplements and Healthy Foods B Vitamin Supplements Cocoa Powders, Dark Chocolate, Extracts, Nibs & Supplements Collagen Supplements Extra Virgin Olive Oil Fish Oil /Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplements Magnesium Supplements Melatonin Supplements Multivitamin and Multimineral Supplements Probiotics Red Yeast Rice Supplements Vitamin D Supplements All Products A to Z Popular This Week Bleeding Gums: New Mouthwash Top Pick Find out why we we’ve chosen a new Top Pick mouthwash to help prevent bleeding gums. Also, find out why using mouthwash too many times per day might be unsafe. Avoid Counterfeits: 4 Brands Added Counterfeit versions of supplements have been sold on sites such as Amazon. Learn on how to safely purchase products online for 63 brands. We recently added information for 365 by Whole Foods Market, Doctor’s Best, Dr. Mercola, Emergency-C, Healthy Origins, and Metamucil. Psyllium Fiber -- Avoid the Lead Our recent tests found many psyllium supplements contaminated with lead. Additionally, find the health benefits of psyllium fiber supplements, the best way to take fiber supplements, and safety concerns and interactions with psyllium supplements. Also see our Top Pick (the cleanest of the products) for psyllium in our new Review. Top Pick Sweetener for Keto Diet See which sweeteners are our Top Picks for those on a low-carb or ketogenic diet in our article about sugar substitutes. Problems with Creatine Recent tests of lesser-known brands of creatine gummies revealed that half contained little creatine and/or had impurities. Get the details in our Review. Also see our Top Picks among creatine supplements. Fish Oil for Memory? Did taking fish oil improve cognitive function or memory among older people with depression in a recent study? Find out in our Review, which includes our Top Picks for fish oil. Recent Answers Which dietary supplements, health foods or spices contain high levels of lead? Information about lead and heavy metals in vitamins, supplements and foods. Information on the adverse effects of lead. Are fruit and vegetable “washes” more effective than water for cleaning produce and removing pesticides? Are they safe? Fruit and veggie washes was such as Fit Organic Spray are often promoted for cleaning, reducing bacteria that can cause food poisoning, and removing pesticides from produce. Vinegar and baking soda are sometimes also recommended. But are they any more effective than rinsing with water, and are they safe? Find out. PFAS (Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances): How can I avoid PFAS in dental floss, food, water, and other products? Some brands of dental floss, including Oral-B Glide, may contain potentially toxic chemicals known as PFAS (polyfluoroalkyl substances). Get the details, and learn which floss and pick products are our Top Picks. Do any supplements help with fatty liver disease? Are some diets more beneficial than others? Find out if supplements such as vitamin E, fish oil, milk thistle, curcumin, choline, probiotics, vitamin D, reishi mushroom, or extra virgin olive oil are beneficial for fatty liver disease and learn which diet (Mediterranean, ketogenic, DASH, or fasting diets) seems to have greatest benefit. Do any supplements, foods or lifestyle modifications help with brain function, like memory and cognition? Find out which supplements help improve memory, brain function and cognition, including fish oil, some B vitamins, cocoa, and curcumin. ConsumerLab's answer explains the evidence for supplements promoted to help with brain function and cognition. All CL Answers Popular This Week Bleeding Gums: New Mouthwash Top Pick Find out why we we’ve chosen a new Top Pick mouthwash to help prevent bleeding gums. Also, find out why using mouthwash too many times per day might be unsafe. Avoid Counterfeits: 4 Brands Added Counterfeit versions of supplements have been sold on sites such as Amazon. Learn on how to safely purchase products online for 63 brands. We recently added information for 365 by Whole Foods Market, Doctor’s Best, Dr. Mercola, Emergency-C, Healthy Origins, and Metamucil. Psyllium Fiber -- Avoid the Lead Our recent tests found many psyllium supplements contaminated with lead. Additionally, find the health benefits of psyllium fiber supplements, the best way to take fiber supplements, and safety concerns and interactions with psyllium supplements. Also see our Top Pick (the cleanest of the products) for psyllium in our new Review. Top Pick Sweetener for Keto Diet See which sweeteners are our Top Picks for those on a low-carb or ketogenic diet in our article about sugar substitutes. Problems with Creatine Recent tests of lesser-known brands of creatine gummies revealed that half contained little creatine and/or had impurities. Get the details in our Review. Also see our Top Picks among creatine supplements. Fish Oil for Memory? Did taking fish oil improve cognitive function or memory among older people with depression in a recent study? Find out in our Review, which includes our Top Picks for fish oil. Recent Answers Which dietary supplements, health foods or spices contain high levels of lead? Information about lead and heavy metals in vitamins, supplements and foods. Information on the adverse effects of lead. Are fruit and vegetable “washes” more effective than water for cleaning produce and removing pesticides? Are they safe? Fruit and veggie washes was such as Fit Organic Spray are often promoted for cleaning, reducing bacteria that can cause food poisoning, and removing pesticides from produce. Vinegar and baking soda are sometimes also recommended. But are they any more effective than rinsing with water, and are they safe? Find out. PFAS (Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances): How can I avoid PFAS in dental floss, food, water, and other products? Some brands of dental floss, including Oral-B Glide, may contain potentially toxic chemicals known as PFAS (polyfluoroalkyl substances). Get the details, and learn which floss and pick products are our Top Picks. Do any supplements help with fatty liver disease? Are some diets more beneficial than others? Find out if supplements such as vitamin E, fish oil, milk thistle, curcumin, choline, probiotics, vitamin D, reishi mushroom, or extra virgin olive oil are beneficial for fatty liver disease and learn which diet (Mediterranean, ketogenic, DASH, or fasting diets) seems to have greatest benefit. Do any supplements, foods or lifestyle modifications help with brain function, like memory and cognition? Find out which supplements help improve memory, brain function and cognition, including fish oil, some B vitamins, cocoa, and curcumin. ConsumerLab's answer explains the evidence for supplements promoted to help with brain function and cognition. All CL Answers Upcoming Reviews CoQ10 & Ubiquinol Supplements Prenatal Supplements B Vitamins & Complexes Magnesium Supplements Ratings of ConsumerLab Clinical Updates March 05, 2024 Do Ethylene Absorbers Work? March 05, 2024 A Caution with Almond Milk March 05, 2024 Fish Oil for Memory? March 05, 2024 Problems with Creatine March 05, 2024 Sweeteners for Keto Diet All Clinical Updates Find out your recommended daily amounts of vitamins and minerals. See Your Nutrient Values Clinical Updates March 05, 2024 Do Ethylene Absorbers Work? March 05, 2024 A Caution with Almond Milk March 05, 2024 Fish Oil for Memory? March 05, 2024 Problems with Creatine March 05, 2024 Sweeteners for Keto Diet All Clinical Updates Recalls & Warnings February 28, 2024 Microbial Contamination Found in LightEyez MSM Eye Drops February 22, 2024 Pacific BioLogic Co. Warned by FDA for Manufacturing Violations February 22, 2024 Nutracelle Children’s Gummy Vitamin Recalled February 22, 2024 Herbalife Shake & Protein Drink Mix, Aloe, Linked With Case of Liver Injury February 20, 2024 Nordic Naturals Infant Liquid Vitamin D Recalled Due to Excessive Vitamin D All Recalls Upcoming Reviews CoQ10 & Ubiquinol Supplements Prenatal Supplements B Vitamins & Complexes Magnesium Supplements Join over 250,000 people on our weekly email list. Subscribe Recalls & Warnings February 28, 2024 Microbial Contamination Found in LightEyez MSM Eye Drops February 22, 2024 Pacific BioLogic Co. Warned by FDA for Manufacturing Violations February 22, 2024 Nutracelle Children’s Gummy Vitamin Recalled February 22, 2024 Herbalife Shake & Protein Drink Mix, Aloe, Linked With Case of Liver Injury February 20, 2024 Nordic Naturals Infant Liquid Vitamin D Recalled Due to Excessive Vitamin D All Recalls Featured In OUR MISSION: To identify the best quality health and nutritional products through independent testing. Join Now & Get Full Access Product Reviews By Supplement Type By Brand By Health Condition How Products Were Tested Testing Programs Quality Certification Program CL Certified Products Resources ConsumerLab Answers Clinical Updates Recalls & Warnings Recommended Intakes Avoid Counterfeits More Join ConsumerLab Join Free Newsletter Group Subscriptions Testimonials In The News News Releases Member Support Member Sign In My Account Give a Gift Member Support ConsumerLab.com About Us Meet Our Team Contact Us ConsumerLab Seal ConsumerLab Survey Privacy Policy © 2024 ConsumerLab.com, LLC. All rights reserved. ConsumerLab.com name and flask logo are both registered trademarks of ConsumerLab.com, LLC. This site is intended for informational purposes only and not to provide medical advice.