District Administration K-12 education news and analysis Subscribe FETC DALI Awards of Distinction Awards of Distinction Superintendents Summit Principal Leadership Academy National Superintendents Academy Technology Leadership Academy National Institute Admin & Management Leadership Business, finance, policy, compliance, operations Transportation Personnel, HR, unions Legislation/legal affairs Professional Development Curriculum & Instruction Assessment & Standards Career & Technical Online learning STEM/STEAM Literacy/ELL Social studies Mathematics Student Success LGBTQ+ DEI Health and wellness Special education College and career readiness Student behavior Technology Instructional technology Social media FETC Esports People to Watch Superintendents Principals CTOs Jobs Solution Showcase – 2022 Digital Magazine Web Seminars – DA Ed Talks – Podcasts Top Ed Tech Products DA Awards Advertise Contact Us Search Subscribe Solution Showcase Digital Magazine Web Seminars – DA Ed Talks – Podcasts Advertise Top Ed Tech Products DA Awards Jobs FacebookTwitterLinkedin type here...Search FETC DALI Awards of Distinction Superintendents Summit Principal Leadership Academy National Superintendents Academy Technology Leadership Academy Admin & Management Leadership Business, finance, policy Transportation Personnel, HR, unions Legislation/Legal affairs Professional Development Curriculum & Instruction Assessment & Standards Career & Technical Online Learning STEM/STEAM Literacy/ELL Social Studies Mathematics Student Success LGBTQ+ DEI Health & wellness Special education College and career readiness Student behavior Technology Instructional technology Social media FETC ESPORTS People to Watch Superintendents Principals CTOs Subscribe Solution Showcase Digital Magazine Web Seminars – DA Ed Talks – Podcasts Advertise Top Ed Tech Products DA Awards Jobs FETC DALI Awards of Distinction Superintendents Summit Principal Leadership Academy National Superintendents Academy Technology Leadership Academy Admin & Management Leadership Business, finance, policy Transportation Personnel, HR, unions Legislation/Legal affairs Professional Development Curriculum & Instruction Assessment & Standards Career & Technical Online Learning STEM/STEAM Literacy/ELL Social Studies Mathematics Student Success LGBTQ+ DEI Health & wellness Special education College and career readiness Student behavior Technology Instructional technology Social media FETC ESPORTS People to Watch Superintendents Principals CTOs Top Stories ‘Talking Out of School’ podcast: ‘The most complicated budget year ever’ Micah Ward and Matt Zalaznick - March 5, 2024 Superintendents and school boards are solidifying their spending plans as ESSER expires and other financial pressures mount, says Marguerite Roza, director of the Edunomics Lab at Georgetown University. Big wave of leaders on the move includes 2024 Superintendent of the Year Matt Zalaznick - March 4, 2024 How a nationally recognized superintendent is helping kids become #FutureReady Micah Ward - March 4, 2024 Here is what could dash superintendents’ high hopes for AI Matt Zalaznick - March 4, 2024 How to expand access to advanced high school math Matt Zalaznick - March 4, 2024 MORE TOP STORIES News from DA's FETC K12 tech leaders lean in on sustaining 1:1 initiatives Micah Ward - March 4, 2024 MORE FROM FETC DA Leadership Institute Big wave of leaders on the move includes 2024 Superintendent of the Year Matt Zalaznick - March 4, 2024 MORE FROM DALI More Stories K12 tech leaders lean in on sustaining 1:1 initiatives Micah Ward - March 4, 2024 Educational requirements for jobs are starting to disappear. How is K12 responding? Micah Ward - March 1, 2024 Schools in one state might get big incentives to ban cellphones Matt Zalaznick - February 29, 2024 No one talks about superintendent mental health. Leaders want that to change Matt Zalaznick - February 28, 2024 6 trends that are driving change and innovation in K12 Micah Ward - February 28, 2024 States with the highest support for public schools: No. 1 may surprise you Matt Zalaznick - February 27, 2024 6 reasons K12 is more vulnerable to cyberattacks—and 4 ways to avoid them Micah Ward - February 27, 2024 Despite headaches, more superintendents report higher job satisfaction in 2024 Micah Ward - February 27, 2024 Most Popular No one talks about superintendent mental health. Leaders want that to change Matt Zalaznick - February 28, 2024 States with the highest support for public schools: No. 1 may surprise you Matt Zalaznick - February 27, 2024 Schools in one state might get big incentives to ban cellphones Matt Zalaznick - February 29, 2024 Superintendents, get excited. Here’s how to teach about the eclipse Matt Zalaznick - February 27, 2024 Pace of new superintendent hiring is not slowing down Matt Zalaznick - February 26, 2024 6 trends that are driving change and innovation in K12 Micah Ward - February 28, 2024 Why visible leadership is so important in K12 education Matthew X. Joseph - February 26, 2024 MORE People to Watch How a nationally recognized superintendent is helping kids become #FutureReadyMicah Ward - Big wave of leaders on the move includes 2024 Superintendent of...Matt Zalaznick - No one talks about superintendent mental health. Leaders want that to...Matt Zalaznick - Despite headaches, more superintendents report higher job satisfaction in 2024Micah Ward - Pace of new superintendent hiring is not slowing downMatt Zalaznick - ‘Talking Out of School’ podcast: What it’s like being a new...Micah Ward - Several superintendent spots are being filled by internal promotionsMatt Zalaznick - Superintendent spotlight: Learning from CEOs and defending public educationMatt Zalaznick - ‘Talking Out of School’ podcast: AASA 2024 National Superintendent of the...Micah Ward - Video Q&A: Why this successful superintendent doesn’t want to get complacentMatt Zalaznick - MORE National News Teachers union drops support for LAUSD candidate, citing offensive social media activity Los Angeles Times - March 5, 2024 South Carolina opens second round of school safety grants after few districts received money WCNC - March 5, 2024 Most Twin Cities area schools districts show deficits for 2024-25 MPR News - March 5, 2024 Is the hardest job in education convincing parents to send their kids to a San Francisco public school? The Hechinger Report - March 5, 2024 MORE Leadership Concerns Big wave of leaders on the move includes 2024 Superintendent of the Year Matt Zalaznick - March 4, 2024 No one talks about superintendent mental health. Leaders want that to change Matt Zalaznick - February 28, 2024 Several superintendent spots are being filled by internal promotions Matt Zalaznick - February 20, 2024 MORE OP-ED How to determine the college and career-readiness of your school system Dana Godek and Michael Moore - March 1, 2024 How to recruit—and retain—the next generation of school clinicians Lynne Inabnitt - February 29, 2024 3 ways to get even more done when managing K12 facilities Matt Brown - February 27, 2024 Emergency planning: 9 tough questions you need to answer Jason Russell - February 27, 2024 MORE Web Seminars ‘Talking Out of School’ podcast: ‘The most complicated budget year ever’Micah Ward and Matt Zalaznick - Literacy in the Digital Age featuring AI Tools That Improve LiteracyDistrict Administration - Accelerating Excellence: Strategies to Supercharge Math Pedagogy & PracticeDA Staff - Centering Student Voice in Mental Health Support: Proactive & Practical StrategiesDA Staff - © 2024. District Administration. All rights reserved. 222 Lakeview Ave Suite 800 West Palm Beach FL 33401 FacebookTwitterLinkedin Column Submission Guidelines How To Work With Our Editorial Department Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Op-ed RSS feed We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Click to view our cookie policy.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT