Home | Office of Justice Programs Skip to main content An official website of the United States government, Department of Justice. Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( LockA locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu Program Offices Program Offices BJA BJS NIJ OJJDP OVC SMART News Center News Center Blogs For Media JustGrants News & Updates Justice Today Podcast JUSTINFO Newsletter Monthly Features Multimedia News Releases Publications Social Media Speeches Testimony Grants/Funding Grants/Funding Applicant Resources Opportunities & Awards Recipient Resources Become an OJP Peer Reviewer For Congress NCJRS Library NCJRS Library Library Search Tutorial/FAQs New Additions New OJP Resources OJP Publications Topics Topics Civil Rights Community Violence Intervention Corrections Courts Crime Prevention Drugs & Substance Use Forensic Sciences Justice System Juvenile Justice Law Enforcement Mental Health Research, Statistics & Evaluation Sex Offender Management Sexual Assault Awareness Tribal Justice Victims of Crime Training Training Justice Events Territories Financial Support Center (TFSC) Tribal Financial Management Center (TFMC) About Us Contact Us Careers Subscribe Share FacebookXLinkedInRedditPinterestEmail Office of Justice Programs Building Solutions | Supporting Communities | Advancing Justice Drone-Delivered Contraband in Correctional Facilities Contraband entering correctional facilities by drones, or unmanned aircraft systems, poses a significant threat to safety and security. Detection technology is rapidly evolving to help agencies better defend against drone delivery of drugs, weapons, cell phones, and other contraband. Learn More OJJDP News @ a Glance, February 2024 The February newsletter highlights a new OJJDP-funded center intended to reduce racial and ethnic disparities in youth justice, the benefits of youth diversion programs, and an effort to help parents protect their children from financial sextortion. Read Newsletter OVC Helps Programs Prevent Human Trafficking Learn more about the work OJP-funded programs do to eliminate Human Trafficking and the ways they assist and empower victims. Learn More Focus On: Community Violence Intervention Providing support for community violence intervention programs that contribute to the reduction and prevention of future community-based violence is a priority for the Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA) and the Office of Justice Programs. Learn more in the latest issue of BJA’s Justice Matters newsletter. Learn More 2024 National Crime Victims’ Rights Week (NCVRW) Artwork The 2024 NCVRW artwork is now available to download! Use the artwork—including, posters, fliers, web and social media graphics, and more—in your campaigns to raise awareness about victims’ rights and services. View 2024 NCVRW Artwork Grant Application Resource Guide This resource contains information to help you prepare and submit applications for OJP funding and offers guidance on award administration. View the resource guide Learn about JustGrants, DOJ's Grants Management System Access information about JustGrants, including news updates, resources and training opportunities for applicants and recipients of DOJ grant awards, and other forms of federal financial assistance. Visit the Justice Grants Website Top Office of Justice Programs MORE TOPICS Archive File a Civil Rights Complaint File an EEO Complaint Find a Career Lookup OJP Grant Awards OJP Open Data State Administering Agencies Submit an OJP FOIA Request NEWS CENTER Blogs Justice Today Podcast Media Contacts Multimedia News Releases Speeches Testimony Facebook X YouTube 810 7th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20531 Secondary Footer link menu Accessibility Plain Language Privacy Policy Legal Policies and Disclaimer No FEAR Act Freedom of Information Act USA.gov Justice.gov