Homepage | Swift Back Skip to main content About us About us Discover Swift Shaping the future of finance Innovate with us Swift Partner Programme Swift Institute Careers Press Legal Discover Swift Swift is a global member-owned cooperative and the world’s leading provider of secure financial messaging services. Read more Discover Swift FIN Traffic & Figures Swift Traffic highlights Organisation & Governance History Community Environmental, social and governance Diversity and inclusion Shaping the future of finance To mark Swift’s 50th anniversary, we asked leading experts to share insights on what the next half century might hold for our industry. Read more Innovate with us Let’s build the future of finance together. Read more Innovate with us What we're doing Contact us Swift Partner Programme Read more Swift Partner Programme How to join the Partner Programme Find a Partner Grow as a Partner Swift Institute Read more Careers We are continuously on the lookout for financial industry and technology professionals who are eager to be part of the future of payments. Discover our open positions now. Read more Careers Corporate & control functions Open positions Strategy, business development & customer experience Technology platform & product development The Swift Tech Scholarship What’s in it for you Press Explore our media centre for all your reporting needs. Read more Press Media centre Press releases Legal Read more Legal Corporate Matters Privacy Statement Swift and data Compliance IPR Policies Online services Swift shareholding Swift Terms and Conditions Document Centre Your needs Your needs Banking & payments Financial Crime & cyber security Data & technology Capital Markets Corporate treasury Market Infrastructures Banking & payments We’re here to help you transact securely and reliably, comply with regulation, improve operational efficiency and innovate at scale to serve your customers better. Read more Banking & payments ISO 20022 Real-time payments Connectivity Integration Financial messaging Get started with Swift Training, consulting and support Operational excellence Payment operational issues What is a Unique End-to-end Transaction Reference (UETR)? Financial Crime & cyber security Financial crime compliance has never been more important – or more challenging. As regulation becomes more robust, businesses need to demonstrate that their compliance programmes are effective. Read more Financial Crime & cyber security Anti-money laundering (AML) Know Your Customer (KYC) Financial fraud Customer Security Programme (CSP) Data & analytics Screening against sanctions Data & technology Shaping the future of the financial industry. Read more Data & technology Business intelligence Payments Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) Cloud Data-driven compliance Capital Markets The pressure to increase the efficiency of your operations and reduce costs is relentless. We’re continuously working to address the regulatory demands and competition you’re facing, and investigating the new technology landscape for your operations. Read more Capital Markets Investment managers Brokers/dealers Funds Participants Custodians A Unique Transaction Identifier for Securities CSDR regulation SRD II SFTR Corporate treasury Treasury plays a crucial role in supporting financial objectives and informing strategic decisions. Secure global bank communications, operational efficiency and control, regulatory compliance, and effective liquidity and risk management are essential to support growth and create competitive advantage. Read more Corporate treasury Identity and mandate management Cash management reporting Simplifying payments and cash management Trade and Supply Chain Finance Treasury management Market Infrastructures Macro-level changes are affecting the financial markets on every level, and Financial Market Infrastructures (FMIs) need to respond to the community’s emerging needs. Read more Market Infrastructures Financial Market services Payment Market Infrastructures Securities Market Infrastructures Swift for Treasury Market Infrastructures Our solutions Our solutions All our products & services Swift platform evolution Global Financial Messaging Interfaces and Integration Compliance and Shared Services Services Corporates Market Infrastructures All our products & services Browse all of our solutions from A to Z. Read more All our products & services Release timeline Swift platform evolution Read more Swift platform evolution Enhanced Swift platform for capital markets Enhanced Swift platform for payments Global Financial Messaging Swift carries over five billion financial messages a year. Fast, reliable and secure support for businesses the world over. Read more Global Financial Messaging Payment Pre-validation Swift Go Swift GPI Payments Securities Trade Finance FX and treasury Interfaces and Integration Our comprehensive range of solutions connect your back-office systems to Swift and enable you to send and receive financial messages. Read more Interfaces and Integration Business Connect Alliance Cloud Swift APIs Alliance Connect Virtual Alliance Lite2 Alliance Access Alliance Messaging Hub (AMH) SwiftNet Link Swift Certificate Centre Compliance and Shared Services Our collaborative solutions meet the challenges of financial crime compliance, and help to reduce cost, complexity and risk. Read more Compliance and Shared Services Financial Crime Compliance Business Intelligence SwiftRef MyStandards Swift Translator Services Our services enable you to use Swift more effectively. Build your in-house expertise or take advantage of our insights for advice, planning and implementation. Read more Services Support and Care Services Training Swift Smart Contact us about our Services Swift Professional Services Corporates Treasury plays a crucial role in supporting financial objectives and informing strategic decisions. Secure global bank communications, operational efficiency and control, regulatory compliance, and effective liquidity and risk management are essential to support growth and create competitive advantage. Read more Corporates Network Control Evolve Run Bank Readiness Programme Market Infrastructures Delivering secure, reliable and efficient solutions for Financial Market Infrastructures and their communities. Read more Market Infrastructures Market Infrastructure Resiliency Services Swift for HVPS / RTGS Swift for LVPS / ACHs Swift for SMIs Swift for Euroclear Standards Standards ISO 20022 Standards releases Data Standards Market practice Community APIs MyStandards and Swift Translator Document centre ISO 20022 ISO 20022 is a rich, structured and global data standard for financial information in the payments, FX, trade finance and securities markets. Read more ISO 20022 About ISO 20022 ISO 20022 FAQs ISO 20022 for Payments for Financial Institutions ISO 20022 past webinars Supercharge your payments business Standards releases Gain a clear picture of upcoming releases and manage the impact on your business using our dedicated tools. Read more Standards releases Release highlights Data Standards By developing reference data and messaging standards, we’re helping drive consistency across the industry. Read more Data Standards BIC (Business Identifier Code) IBAN (International Bank Account Number) LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) Market practice With a strong focus on harmonisation and straight-through processing, Swift plays an active role in market practices initiatives and provides expertise, products and services to support best practice. Read more Market practice High Value Payments Systems Plus Payments Market Practice Group Securities Market Practice Group Common Global Implementation International Securities Association for Institutional Trade Communication Community APIs Discover more about our community APIs. Read more MyStandards and Swift Translator MyStandards, a collaborative web platform to better manage global standards and related market practice. Swift Translator, a Translation solution to define, validate and translate messages to and from any format by combining Swift’s standards expertise with cutting-edge technology. Read more MyStandards and Swift Translator MyStandards Swift Translator Document centre From ISO 20022 migration to Standards Releases, access our comprehensive document centre and download the resources you need to answer your questions. Read more News & Events News & Events News Events Webinars Subscribe to Swift insights Sibos News Read our latest news updates and press releases. Read more News All news Press releases Events Come meet us at one of many events around the world. Read more Events Upcoming events Past events Webinars Sign up for webinars, or watch one of our past recordings. Read more Webinars Upcoming webinars Past webinars Subscribe to Swift insights Our Swift insights are curated specially for you. Stay up-to-date on the latest from Swift via personalised insights sent straight to your inbox. Read more Sibos Sibos is the annual conference, exhibition and networking event organised by Swift for the financial industry. Read more Join Swift Join Swift Join the Swift network Access your application Join the Swift network Ready to connect to the Swift network? Let’s start the journey together. Read more Access your application Use the tool to easily follow up on your usership application. Read more Contact us Contact us Contact us Contact us Get in touch with Swift. Read more Contact us Swift offices Sales Support Security issue / vulnerability Languages EN arrow-light-down English Discover SWIFT Español Descubra nuestros contenidos en español Français Découvrez notre contenu disponible en français 中文 了解我们提供的中文内容 日本語 日本で入手可能なコンテンツをお探しください search close search Are you looking for a BIC (Business Identifier Code)? Are you looking for MySwift? Are you looking for Standards-related information? Are you looking for the Knowledge Centre? MySwift MySwift MySwift Reflecting on a year of shared progress Thank you to the Swift community, who help drive progress, shape our offering, and innovate with us for the future. Read more Fast Forward To mark Swift’s 50th anniversary, we asked leading experts to share insights on what the next half century might hold for our industry. Here’s what they said Small payments. Big opportunity. What do consumers and SMEs value most when sending money around the world? We asked them to find out. Explore our research ISO 20022 for payments now live Find out more about how we can support you Get all the latest information The data-rich ISO 20022 messaging standard for cross-border payments and reporting (CBPR+) successfully went live on 20 March 2023, marking a significant milestone for the global payments industry. The go-live also kicked off the start of coexistence, a period when both MT and ISO 20022 messages are supported through November 2025. Our solutions Discover Banking Our messaging, standards and services connect you to your counterparties worldwide, so you can transact securely and reliably. Read more Discover Capital Markets Swift is advancing its solutions to address capital market challenges. Reduce costs and risks with securities transaction and FX market solutions. Read more Discover Corporates As a multinational, you want industry-standard ways to work with multiple banking partners for cash, trade and corporate treasury. Read more Discover Market Infrastructures Resilience, security and responsiveness are your core operational requirements. Our solutions help you deliver for your community. Read more Are you a customer? MySwift is your one-stop shop to help you manage your Swift products and services, keep track of your orders and invoices, and access online support. Access MySwift Cyber Security Customer Security Programme (CSP) Reinforcing the security of the global banking system Learn more Swift Essentials For more information, please visit the Knowledge Centre Learn more Business Identifier Code (BIC) Directory Search BIC * Discover our reference data solutions Get personalised insights straight to your inbox Sign up now Stay connected Twitter Go to Twitter LinkedIn Go to LinkedIn Facebook Go to Facebook Youtube Go to Youtube News & events See more news & events 30 January 2024 | 5 min read Pioneering securities tracking to tackle settlement fails As the costs of settlement fails rise, the industry is increasingly using the Unique Transaction Identifier... Read more 17 January 2024 | 5 min read Fewer settlement fails through more visibility Greater transparency into the trading lifecycle – enabled through the unique transaction identifier and Swift Securities... Read more 7 December 2023 | 7 min read Swift enables global trade interoperability in successful trials In collaboration with BNY Mellon, Deutsche Bank and four electronic Bills of Lading (eBL) platforms, we’ve... Read more We are excited to be growing the Swift team across our global offices. Explore the many opportunities: https://swift.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Join-Swift #Swift Careers Follow us on Twitter "By providing a global summary of an institution's Swift traffic activities, the Swift Profile can help banks to focus their due diligence efforts and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of their KYC assessments." Follow us on LinkedIn Footer navigation About Us Community Legal Media Centre Careers Your needs Banking & payments Financial Crime & cyber security Data & technology Capital Markets Corporate treasury Market Infrastructures Our Solutions Global Financial Messaging Interfaces and Integration Compliance and Shared Services Market Infrastructures Swift for Corporates News & Events Press Release White Papers Events Webinars Ordering & Support Our Support offering Products ordering and configuration Billing and invoicing Swift Smart Headquarters Avenue Adele 1, 1310 La Hulpe Tel +32 2 655 31 11 Fax +32 2 655 32 26 Get in touch Privacy statement Terms of use Modern slavery statement Website feedback Cookies settings © 2024 Swift Loading...