Enpass: Secure Passkey & Password Manager That Keeps Your Data On Your Cloud Storage Toggle navigation Enpass Business Personal Security Pricing Blog Support Forums Downloads Choose your own safest place to store passwords Your data belongs to you. Enpass enables you to store and sync passwords and passkeys wherever is best for you — iCloud, Google Drive, OneDrive, Box, Dropbox, NextCloud, WebDAV, or completely offline. PersonalBusiness You were not born to remember passwords Create one master password and let Enpass take care of the rest. Logins, credit cards, ID cards and other important information stored in one safe place. Create strong passwords Log in to any app or website with a single click Secure online shopping Automatically fill in payment details when shopping online and protect yourself from phishing attacks. Password audit Do a regular health check to filter out your weak, compromised, old and expired passwords. Multiple-vaults Keep everything organized with separate profiles for work, personal and family, and give family access to everything they need. A place for everything Choose from a library of 80+ built-in templates to store credit cards, passports, driving licenses, insurance documents and more. Compatible with the cloud storage you already use Instead of keeping a cloud full of user data for criminal hackers to target, Enpass stores and syncs your encrypted vaults on your own cloud accounts. Or you can sync between devices via Wi-Fi, skipping the cloud and keeping your vaults completely offline. Dropbox iCloud Google Drive OneDrive Box WebDAV Nextcloud Don’t just take our word for it See what Enpass users are saying This password manager is dope. I’ve used all of em at some point or another (Lastpass, 1Password, and Bitwarden extensively) and Enpass stands toe to toe with all of them. iOS App Store This has been the best cross-platform password manager. I’ve been using it for 7+ years and works flawlessly no matter if it’s my phome, work laptop or home desktops. Highly recommend. Google Play Store Fantastic Password Manager! If you are looking for a secure password manager that encrypts and stores your data locally rather than on remote servers, functions well and looks good, Enpass is for you. macOS App Store This password manager is different from the rest of the ones in terms of cross platform usability and offline vault backup. The subscription cost is also not much. Well done developer!! Microsoft Store 4.3 / 5 4.6 / 5 4.3 / 5 Spotlighted in the Media Discover our coverage in top media outlets The Best Password Managers to Secure Your Digital Life Scott Gilbertson “Once you have syncing set up, it works just like any other service. And you don’t have to worry about Enpass being hacked, because your data isn’t on its servers. If you’re comfortable setting up the secure syncing yourself, Enpass makes a great password manager.” Why Enpass is my perfect LastPass replacement password manager Karandeep Singh “Enpass caught my eye mainly because it didn’t force me to store my passwords on its online servers. I wanted something that struck the right balance between convenience and privacy. Enpass checked all the right boxes for me, and I soon ditched LastPass for good.” The best password managers in 2023 Anthony Spadafora “Enpass has strong, unlimited free desktop applications for Windows, Mac and Linux… Enpass doesn’t offer any cloud-syncing of its own. (Some users might see that as a security advantage). Overall, Enpass belongs on our best password managers list…” Best password manager for Android 2023 Andrew Myrick “Enpass offers the same level of password vault security as the rest of the competition, but there’s an added layer of protection in its model because it doesn’t store any of your data itself – you choose where to store and sync it so that you can save it in Google Drive or Dropbox.” Best password managers 2023 Martyn Casserly “Enpass is a solid password manager with some unique features that could make it an ideal choice for those who want more control over their data and don’t trust cloud-based password managers.” The 10 Best Password Managers of 2023 Jennifer Allen “Enpass has some unique features to make it stand out. It works offline which offers some advantages… It also has you syncing locally or to your other cloud storage services.” Best password managers for Mac Martyn Casserly “Enpass doesn’t store any of your information on its servers. Instead, everything is encrypted and kept on your personal device so you never lose control of your data.” How I locked down my passwords Larry Sanger “Here’s something unusual—a password manager that goes out of its way to support all platforms, including Linux and even Chromebook (not that I’d ever own one of those)… Dear reader, I went with EnPass.” 3 Windows 10 apps that will boost your productivity today Michael Ansaldo “If you’re uncomfortable storing such sensitive data in the cloud, though, Enpass might be the tool for you. Enpass saves and secures your passwords locally on your PC.” 5 Best Password Managers For Linux Desktop Ankush Das “Enpass is a quite popular password manager across multiple platforms. It’s great to see that Enpass manages the package for Linux distros actively. I followed the steps to test it out and it worked like a charm.” ISO 27001:2013 Security audited GDPR Compliant Personal & Family Simplify your life by storing everything at one place using one Master Password. Learn morePricingWatch Video Business Keep your organization secure by storing and sharing sensitive data within the local IT infrastructure. Learn morePricingWatch Video Have existing passwords? Import them in Enpass Use the desktop app to automatically import your existing passwords from Chrome browser, Excel spreadsheets, CSV or other password managers. Get Enpass today! Google PlayApp StoreMac StoreWindows StoreLinux Resources Affiliate Program Partners Program Beta Program Downloads Security Whitepaper Security Audit Report Press: Resources Press: Why Enpass? Enpass Business Business Business Pricing Enpass Hub Microsoft 365 Integration ISO 27001 Explore Personal Portable Security Pricing Comparison Students Features Offline Sync Autofill Passkeys Password Generator Password Audit Import from others Breach Monitoring Compromised Passwords Help Center Support Forums Contact Us Blog Company About Privacy Terms of Use Stay In Touch We do not send more than one email a month about the latest news of Enpass, special promotions and sneak peek of future releases. Copyright © 2024 Enpass Technologies Inc.