WebUrbanist - Urban Art, Architecture, Design & Built Environments WebUrbanist Architecture, Art, Design & Built Environments Latest Posts The 99% Invisible City: Field Guide to the Hidden World of Everyday Design From the creators of WebUrbanist and 99% Invisible comes a new beautifully designed and illustrated guide to cities. In their New York Times best-selling book, The 99% Invisible City: A Field Guide to the Hidden World of Everyday Design, Kurt Kohlstedt and Roman Mars zoom in to tell fascinating stories behind everything from power grids … Urbanist Exploration: Discover Over 5,000 Compelling Architecture, Art & Design Stories For over a decade, WebUrbanist has featured a wide range of innovative and inspiring urban art and design projects from around the world. The website has attracted more than 500,000 subscribers ... Wondering About: Deserted Cities, Derelict Buildings & the Allure of Abandoned Places Before it was abandoned in the wake of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, Pripyat was a thriving Ukrainian city with a population of nearly 50,000. The relatively sudden exodus of its inhabitants ... Clean Vandals: Invisible Paint & Reverse Graffiti Artists Work in Gray Areas The word "graffiti" usually conjures images of people with spray cans illegally making murals or jotting down tags using colorful paints. A lot artistic interventions use other tools and ... Redressed to Impress: Uncovering Camouflaged Facades & Architectural Fake Overs The world is full of architectural fake overs, from individual facades to entire buildings designed to look like something other than what they really are. Historically, some of these disguises ... Saving Up Space: Transforming, Multifunctional & Flat-Pack Furniture Designs & Ideas In 1900, San Francisco entrepreneur William Murphy designed a fold-out bed that would allow him to court a young opera singer inside his studio apartment. The hidden bed was a workaround to ... Shipping Manifesto: An Introductory Guide to Building Cargo Container Architecture In the 1950s, Malcolm McLean developed a modular design that would simplify the loading and offloading of ships, boxing up goods for easier loading and unloading between trains, trucks and boats ... Outward Mobility: Clever Campers, Trailers & DIY Mobile Home Conversions The 20th-century American dream of suburban houses and picket fences unfolded in parallel with another vision: freedom to roam, embodied in camper vans and other mobile housing designs. The ... Localvore Revolution: Vertical Urban Farms Promise to Deliver Greener Produce In Newark, New Jersey, a large and deceptively nondescript building is redefining the Garden State, producing millions of pounds of food per year just outside of Manhattan. This 70,000 square ... Living City Streets: The Global Drive to Reclaim Routes for Cyclists & Pedestrians In the mid-1900s, Dutch citizens of Delft were sick of cars driving too fast down their narrow residential streets. The city was slow to respond, so residents took matters into their own hands. ... 1 (current) 2345Next More Articles Home Within Home: Architectural Fabric Art Installations Holiday Giants! 31 Hugely Out Of Control Decorations 500 Lids: World’ Largest Collection of Disposable Hot Beverage Covers Mapping Banksy’s Street Art: Locations Around the World Follow us on Facebook Architecture Abandoned Places Cities & Urbanism Houses & Residential Offices & Commercial Public & Institutional Art Drawing & Digital Installation & Sound Photography & Video Sculpture & Craft Street Art & Graffiti Design Fixtures & Interiors Furniture & Decor Graphics & Branding Guerilla Ads & Marketing Products & Packaging Technology Conceptual & Futuristic Gadgets & Geekery Gaming & Computing Vehicles & Mods Vintage & Retro Travel 7 Wonders Series Boutique & Art Hotels Culture & History Destinations & Sights Urban Exploration © 2007-2024 Webist Media About Archives Categories Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy