350 Language Deutsch English Español Français Português Indonesia 350 Menu Navigation Menu Donate About Who we are How we work Stop fossil fuels Halt fossil finance Power up renewables Contact us Jobs Latest Blogs Media Get Involved Get Inspired 350 trainings & resources Climate science Movement stories 350 brand toolkit How to Give Language Twitter Facebook Insta YouTube Donate Donate X November 3-4, 2023 Join an action We fight for a worldbeyond fossil fuels. We believe in a safe climate and a better future — a prosperous and equitable world built with the power of ordinary people, driven by renewable energy and rooted in justice. JOIN US Join Us Join the Climate Movement: 350.org is building a global grassroots movement to solve the climate crisis. Our online campaigns, grassroots organizing, and mass public actions are led from the bottom up by thousands of volunteer organizers in over 188 countries. Sign up for important movement dispatches in the box on the right! Français | Español | Português | Deutsch | Русский | 中文 | العربية | Polski | Türkçe | Svenska | Nederlands | Bahasa Indonesia | 日本語 | 한국어 Hi ! We have your contact info saved from last time, just click the button below to continue. Not ? Sign out Name Email Address* Country* Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe ZIP Code Postal Code Millions of people are taking quick, simple actions for climate justice – be one of them. Can we send you emails about important campaigns, stories, and actions? Yes, count me in! No, sorry. Are you sure? Email is how the global climate movement is able to stay organised. You can always unsubscribe! Yes, keep me involved Join Us 350 will send you email updates when you can make a difference. By taking this action, you are agreeing to our terms of service and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Link (tap or click to select) Email Send an Email Or copy and paste the text below into an email message. Subject: Suip text text text (tap or click to select) Get started — Join ourclimatemovement Thank You for Signing Up! How We Work Our movement is rising up for bold climate action. We work with people across the world to oppose those wrecking our climate and to fight for a sustainable future. At every step of the way we are driven by the knowledge that every voice makes a difference, and every battle won is another step towards a safe, liveable planet. Here’s how we do it: Stop fossil fuel projects everywhere Rukiya Khamis, our regional organiser in Africa, builds grassroots power to stop oil and coal projects and enable affordable community-led renewable energy in Ghana, Nigeria, Kenya, Uganda and Tanzania. Right now, one of her top priorities is supporting communities to stop the East African Crude Oil Pipeline (EACOP), a neocolonial project which threatens to displace tens of thousands of people across the region, destroy livelihoods, water and the environment. Learn more about the work of Rukiya and others to keep fossil fuels in the ground: Learn More Halt fossil finance, invest in renewable solutions Amara Possian leads 350.org’s team in Canada and supports them in their mission to build a people-powered movement strong enough to win the ambitious climate action we need. Through the Tax Big Oil campaign they have brought thousands of Canadians into the climate fight while building pressure on the Trudeau government to tax the fossil fuel industry’s excess profits to fund a just transition to 100% clean energy. Learn more about work of Amara and others to erode the economic power of the fossil fuel industry and champion real climate solutions: Learn More Power up campaigns for energy justice Shibayan Raha, our senior digital organiser in South Asia, is always looking for engaging ways to foster people power. One of these efforts is in helping to build a strong movement for a Green New Deal in Bangladesh, which supports local communities and climate defenders in their efforts to persuade the government to walk away from dirty fossil fuels, and move towards a more just and equitable renewable energy future. Learn more about the work of Shibayan and others pushing for solutions to the climate crisis and the future we all need and deserve: Learn More Get Involved This is a movement made up of ordinary people taking action in several ways, from quick online action to deep organising and campaign leadership. You can help build a world free from fossil fuels and power up the transition to a safe, just and renewable future. GET INVOLVED ► Help 350.org build a powerful climate movement. We believe in a safe climate and a better future — a just, prosperous, and equitable world built with the power of ordinary people. Help us get there! Donate Now One-Time Monthly USD $ CAD $ EUR € GBP £ ZAR R JPY ¥ AUD $ NZD $ $10 $35 $50 $150 $350 or choose a different amount : : : left before #GivingTuesday ends to help 350.org topple the fossil fuel industry and build a people-powered movement for a safe, sustainable climate. If we can get 3,500 donations before the deadline, we will unlock an additional $50,000 in matching funds for our planet and communities. Help us get there! ► Help 350.org build a powerful climate movement. We believe in a safe climate and a better future — a just, prosperous, and equitable world built with the power of ordinary people. Help us get there! Donate Now One-Time Monthly USD $ CAD $ EUR € GBP £ ZAR R JPY ¥ AUD $ NZD $ $35 $100 $200 $350 $500 or choose a different amount $10 $35 $50 $150 $350 or choose a different amount X Language & Regions 350.org English French German Portuguese Spanish 350 Africa English French 350 Aotearoa 350 Asia 350 Australia 350 Canada English French 350 France 350 Germany 350 Indonesia 350 Japan 350 Latin America Spanish Portuguese 350 Pacific 350 Pilipinas 350 Türkiye 350 UK 350 US Fossielvrij NL About us Who we are Media Contact us Jobs Get involved Take action Upskill your activism Join local group Create local group Get inspired Updates Climate science Trainings Brand toolkit How we work Stop fossil fuels Halt fossil finance Power up renewables Donate Donate monthly Other ways to donate Update your donation Our funders Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Privacy Policy | Terms of Service 350Action © 2024 | 350.org is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization registered in the United States. PO Box 843004, Boston, MA 02284-3004, USA FacebookTwitter This website uses cookies to provide and improve its services. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of cookies. If you do not consent, please view our Cookie Policy for more information.Dismiss