Home - Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America - Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America Navigation Skip to Content About About the Archdiocese Archdiocesan Council Holy Eparchial Synod Departments & Ministries Official Documents Archdiocese Logo Clergy-Laity Email Mailing Lists Contact News Home Archbishop Elpidophoros Ecumenical Patriarchate Saint Nicholas Metropolises Photos From the Archdiocese Affiliates Subscribe Archbishop Biography Encyclicals Schedule Messages Photo Gallery Enthronement Publications The Lesser and Greater Minima Office of the Archbishop Former Archbishops Nameday Gala Chapel Daily Saints, Feasts, and Readings Orthodox Calendar Digital Chant Stand Saint Search Biblical Resources Liturgical Texts Prayers Hymns & Music Live Broadcasts Light a Candle Paschalion Kanonion The Planner Digital Calendar Daily Readings App Library Introduction to Orthodoxy Feasts of the Church Know Your Faith Topics Demographics What's New on Goarch Multimedia Directories Metropolises & Hierarchs Departments & Ministries Parishes Autocephalous Churches Monasteries Organizations Products & Services Publications Orthodox Jurisdictions in America E-mail Mailing Lists Orthodox Marketplace Annual Directory DONATE Donate Now Honor - Memorial Donations Light a Candle Donate Appreciated Securities Leave a Legacy Support Our Fathers Ukraine Relief Fund Earthquake Relief Fund Archbishop Nameday Gala Fundraiser Hellenic Education Fund About The Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America, with its headquarters located in the City of New York, is an Eparchy of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople, The mission of the Archdiocese is to proclaim the Gospel of Christ, to teach and spread the Orthodox Christian faith, to energize, cultivate, and guide the life of the Church in the United States of America according to the Orthodox Christian faith and tradition. Read More » About the Archdiocese Archdiocesan Council Holy Eparchial Synod Departments & Ministries Official Documents Archdiocese Logo Clergy-Laity Email Mailing Lists Contact News The Orthodox Observer places the Church in the context of the current world we live in through a diverse and informative experience — offering participants meaningful exchange with the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America, her ministries, and affiliates. The experience provides the faithful significant content to listen to, watch, and read; in order to lead, grow, and inspire. Read More » Home Archbishop Elpidophoros Ecumenical Patriarchate Saint Nicholas Metropolises Photos From the Archdiocese Affiliates Subscribe Archbishop His Eminence Archbishop Elpidophoros (Lambriniadis) of America was born in 1967 in Bakirköy, Istanbul. Read More » Biography Encyclicals Schedule Messages Photo Gallery Enthronement Publications The Lesser and Greater Minima Office of the Archbishop Former Archbishops Nameday Gala Chapel Daily Saints, Feasts, and Readings Orthodox Calendar Digital Chant Stand Saint Search Biblical Resources Liturgical Texts Prayers Hymns & Music Live Broadcasts Light a Candle Paschalion Kanonion The Planner Digital Calendar Daily Readings App Daily Saints, Feasts, and Readings Orthodox Calendar Digital Chant Stand Saint Search Biblical Resources Liturgical Texts Prayers Hymns & Music Live Broadcasts Light a Candle Paschalion Kanonion The Planner Digital Calendar Daily Readings App Library What is Orthodox Christianity? The Orthodox Christian Faith proclaims the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the teachings of the Apostles, and the tradition and life of the living Church worldwide through worship, communion, witness, and service. Read More » Introduction to Orthodoxy Feasts of the Church Know Your Faith Topics Demographics What's New on Goarch Multimedia Directories Metropolises & Hierarchs Departments & Ministries Parishes Autocephalous Churches Monasteries Organizations Products & Services Publications Orthodox Jurisdictions in America E-mail Mailing Lists Orthodox Marketplace Annual Directory DONATE ​The Archdiocese responds to the spiritual needs of the Greek Orthodox Christian Faithful through National Ministries, providing programs and services to your local parishes, Metropolises, and you. We invite you to prayerfully consider sharing the resources given to you by God with a donation to the Archdiocese. Your support helps us further the vital ministry work. Read More » Donate Now Honor - Memorial Donations Light a Candle Donate Appreciated Securities Leave a Legacy Support Our Fathers Ukraine Relief Fund Earthquake Relief Fund Archbishop Nameday Gala Fundraiser Hellenic Education Fund In Christ, We Are One! The 47th Biennial Clergy-Laity Congress will be held June 30-July 4, 2024 in San Diego, CA. Register Now! Read More... Sunday of the Prodigal Son “For this my son was dead and is alive again; he was lost and is found.” (Luke 15:24). Learn More Read More... Christ is In Our Midst! The Greek Orthodox Church in its tradition of prayer and worship is rooted in the One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church. Learn More Read More... Previous Next March 05, 2024 Meatfare Tuesday Today is Fast Free Conon the Gardener Parthenios the New Martyr who contested in Didymoteichos Mark the Ascetic Epistle Reading: St. John's First Universal Letter 3:9-22 Gospel Reading: Mark 14:10-42 March 4, 2024 DID YOU KNOW? Department of Religious Education (DRE) MEATFARE WEEK March 5, 2024 Strategies of Learning - Exploring Innovative Teaching Approaches: The 6th Online Seminar Empowers Greek Language Educators Latest News Metropolis of New Jersey Hosts 2024 Sights and Sounds Festival March 5, 2024 Metropolitan Methodios Welcomes GOYAns From Chicago to the Metropolis of Boston March 4, 2024 St. Stephen's Camp Summer 2024 - Let Us Lift Up Your Hearts March 4, 2024 Parish Highlight: Annunciation Greek Orthodox Cathedral Detroit, MI March 4, 2024 From the Ministries Pension Plan Financial Statements and Reports February 8, 2024 2024 Scholarships February 2, 2024 Fall 2024 Lake Institute on Religious Fundraising of the Lilly School of Philanthropy January 30, 2024 2024 Directory January 11, 2024 Recent Photos Loading galleries... Featured Channels Introduction × The Orthodox Christian Faith proclaims the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the teachings of the Apostles, and the tradition and life of the living Church worldwide through worship, communion, witness, and service. Learn More Greening the Parish × Resource material for fulfilling our vocation as stewards of creation and working towards greening our parishes. Learn More Clergy × Resources for Clergy to enhance the worship experience of the Orthodox faithful. Learn More Families & Parenting × Resources for ministry within the home and parish family. Learn More Library × We invite you to learn about the Orthodox Christian Faith by exploring articles, videos, and more. Learn More Liturgy & Worship × Worship is an experience which involves the entire Church. When each of us comes together for Worship, we do so as members of a Church which transcends the boundaries of society, of time and of space. Learn More Browse By Topic: Bible & Scripture Church Structure Health & Wellness Families & Parenting Feasts of the Church Liturgy & Worship Parish & Church Life Prayer & Spiritual Life Relationships Society & Culture Theology Browse By Demographic: Clergy Educators Families Inquirers Lay Leadership Marriage & Couples Musicians Parish Council Young Adults Youth Find a Greek Orthodox Parish: Ecclesiastical Hierarchy: Ecumenical Patriarchate Holy Eparchial Synod Metropolises Assembly of Bishops Products and Services: Bibles Brochures, Flyers, & Posters Lesson Plans & Activities Live Broadcasts Mobile Apps & E-Books Publications More » Find a Greek Orthodox Parish: Browse By Topic: Bible & Scripture Church Structure Health & Wellness Families & Parenting Feasts of the Church Liturgy & Worship Parish & Church Life Prayer & Spiritual Life Relationships Society & Culture Theology Ecclesiastical Hierarchy: Ecumenical Patriarchate Holy Eparchial Synod Metropolises Assembly of Bishops Products and Services: Bibles Brochures, Flyers, & Posters Lesson Plans & Activities Live Broadcasts Mobile Apps & E-Books Publications More » Browse By Demographic: Clergy Educators Families Inquirers Lay Leadership Marriage & Couples Musicians Parish Council Young Adults Youth Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America In Christ, We Are One! 8 East 79th Street • New York, NY 10075 Phone: (212) 570-3500 • Contact Download VCF • Join our Mailing Lists • Donate © 2023 Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America. Official Documents | Terms of Use | Copyright Sources. This site has been made possible by a grant from Leadership 100. The information contained on the website of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America is for informational purposes only. Certain individuals and institutions are presented for reference purposes only and may not be under the supervision or jurisdiction of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese. The Holy Archdiocese does not exercise any administrative oversight or assignment authority over clergy that are not part of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America.