See Everything, Achieve Anything | Digimarc Support Login Digital Watermarks Platform Digimarc Illuminate Platform Data Carriers Digital Twins Value-added Resellers Products Digimarc Validate Digimarc Recycle Digimarc Engage Digimarc Retail Experience Innovation Industry Perspectives Meet Our Innovators Company About Blog Careers Events Investors Leadership Newsroom Our Impact Resources Support Login Schedule Demo Close Search Digital Watermarks: When Certainty Counts Digimarc technology identifies and authenticates physical and digital assets with unrivaled accuracy, speed, and scale. See how digital watermarks deliver the certainty your business demands. Discover Digital Watermarks Digimarc leads important conversations about technology, policy, and standards. Learn more about our perspectives on fighting plastic pollution, protecting content creators, driving technology innovation, and more. Our Perspectives Digitized Products Do More Give every product an identity and connect it to the cloud for new data insights that help you run more efficiently, communicate more effectively, and operate more sustainably. Products Digimarc Validate Start identifying and protecting your digital assets immediately. Assert your copyright ownership and ensure that you maintain control. Learn More Learn More Digimarc Recycle Help waste facilities improve recycling by sorting recyclable materials more accurately than ever and communicate directly with consumers about how to recycle products and support your sustainability goals. Learn More Learn More Digimarc Engage Engage consumers with interactive web experiences for a direct dialogue. Deliver product information, care instructions, coupons, and more. Those interactions also provide first-party data from crowdsourced information and reveal new recycling and supply chain insights. Learn More Learn More Digimarc Retail Experience Get on the path towards retail-ready modernization. Through the application of powerful digital watermarks, you now have a way to meet the requirements of emerging retail technology systems while also enjoying several key advantages over product digitization alternatives. Learn More Learn More Why Digimarc? Data Carriers Leverage data carriers including covert digital watermarks, QR codes, or RFID tags for item-level automatic identification, and the precise targeting you need to better manage your business. Actionable Intelligence The Digimarc Illuminate platform offers robust data so companies can gain valuable insights about their products’ status, origin, location, and reduce supply chain opaqueness. Innovative Leadership Digimarc is a pioneer in digital watermarking and cloud-based product data. With over 800 patents and a legacy of innovation supporting digital transformation, Digimarc has helped businesses across industries since 1995. A Trusted Partner A trusted partner in deterring digital counterfeiting of global currency for nearly 30 years, Digimarc is committed to responsible management of our people, products, and planet. Hear From Our Customers The launch of digital product IDs demonstrates how we continue to use technology to deliver more for our consumers and ensure the integrity of our products throughout their lifecycle. David Lauren Chief Innovation Officer Ralph Lauren We like to think of ourselves as leaders when it comes to food safety and sustainability, and EVRYTHNG®, a Digimarc company, helped us showcase that to consumers all around the world. Ola Brattvoll Chief Operating Officer Mowi Procter & Gamble is proud to launch the first commercial products that integrate Digimarc’s technology with a focus primarily on improved detection in waste facilities and to help us meet our sustainability goals. Gian De Belder Technical Director, Packaging Sustainability Procter & Gamble See Everything, Achieve Anything™ With visibility into everything, you gain critical intelligence to guide you in ensuring authenticity, reducing costs, increasing operational agility, and improving circularity at every step along the supply chain. Get started today. Schedule Demo The images on this site are protected by copyright and have been watermarked with invisible Digimarc watermarks to convey copyright management information. This copyright management information is readily detectible using the free Digimarc SAFE™ watermark detection software available at https://www.digimarc.com/products/digital-content-authentication/safe-software-services. Any use of our images, including but not limited to use for the purposes of training generative artificial intelligence models, is expressly prohibited without our advance written consent and any removal or alteration of the watermarks is not permitted under DMCA Section 1202(b) and similar laws in other countries. Sign up to get the latest news, press releases, and more. Platform Data Carriers Digimarc Illuminate Platform Digital Twins Value-added Resellers Products Digimarc Engage Digimarc Recycle Digimarc Retail Experience Digimarc Validate Thought Leadership Industry Perspectives Meet Our Innovators Company About Blog Careers Events Investors Leadership Newsroom Our Impact Resources © Copyright 2024 Digimarc Corporation Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Manage Cookies Legal Product Security