Bonnie Plants - Garden Plants for Your Vegetable Garden or Herb Garden Skip to content Close Free Shipping on orders over $50! Learn about our Cabbage Program! Enjoy 15% off your first purchaseSign up for email updates and save 15% on your next order! Enter your email Valid email address is required Enter your zip code Valid zip code is required Subscribe to receive tips, information, and promotions by email from Bonnie Plants and other brands marketed by The Scotts Company LLC, its affiliates, and select partners. Sign Up Success! Please check your inbox and spam folder to confirm your subscription. Free shipping on orders over $50 Find a Retailer Why Bonnie Plants FAQs Mobile navigation Shop Now Get Inspired Garden Resources Search Search Search Search Close Popular Searches Herbs Vegetables Ready to ship Trending Categories Aloe Arugula Asparagus Most Read Articles New Gardeners Edible Landscaping Container Gardening No product results for your search.Please try again or explore content to the left. New to Our Garden Greek Oregano (2 Pack) Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Chamomile (2 Pack) Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Out of Stock Purple Coneflower Product variants Default Title - Sold out - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for View product All-Time Greats Rosemary (2 Pack) Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Peppermint Mint (2 Pack) Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price $0.00 Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Garden Sage (2 Pack) Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now #1 Growerof Veggie & Herb Plants Free ShippingOn all orders over $35! Safe Shoppingvia secure checkout Account View my cart 0 Shop Now Edible Garden Designer Garden Fundamentals How to Grow Drought Resources When to Plant View All Resources Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser Get Inspired Bonnie Plants Bonnie Reserve Growing Supplies Bonnie Plugs Shop all Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser Garden Resources DIY Garden Projects Garden Ideas & Inspiration Garden Plans Recipes View all resources Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser DIY Garden Projects Highlights Creative Vertical Gardening Ideas How to Build a Strawberry Basket Tree 3 Easy Ways to Build a Raised Bed Garden How to Build a Bamboo Trellis Tower Small Garden Ideas See All DIY Garden Projects Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Garden Ideas & Inspiration Highlights Container Inspiration Gallery 7 Tips for Getting Kids in the Garden Grow and Eat the Rainbow Get an Antioxidant Boost from Your Garden Garden Games for Kids See All Garden Ideas & Inspiration Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Garden Plans Highlights Herb Garden in Containers Tea Garden in Containers Fresh Tomato and Pesto 4 x 4-foot Garden Hot and Sweet 4 x 4-foot Pickling Garden See All Garden Plans Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Recipes Highlights Herbed Hummus Bruschetta Pizza Old-Fashioned Strawberry Shortcake Smashed Cucumbers with Mint and Soy Sunshine Salad See All Recipes Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Bonnie Plants Shop by Category Herbs Vegetables Fruit Flowers Succulents See All Bonnie Plants Best Sellers Sweet Basil Rosemary Cherokee Purple - Heirloom Tomato Sun Sugar Yellow Cherry Tomato Jalapeno Hot Pepper What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Bonnie Reserve Bonnie Reserve Super Hot Peppers Live Plants See All Bonnie Reserve Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Growing Supplies Plant Food Miracle-Gro Shake 'n Feed Tomato, Fruit & Vegetable Plant Food Miracle-Gro Water Soluble Plant Food Vegetables and Herbs See All Growing Supplies Planting Mix Miracle-Gro Expand 'n Gro Concentrated Planting Mix What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Bonnie Plugs Shop All Sweet Basil 3-Pack Plugs Sweet Mint 3-Pack Plugs Slicer Tomato 3-Pack Plugs See All Bonnie Plugs Learn More How to Grow and Care For Plugs What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Edible Garden Designer Learn more about how to get started! About Edible Garden Designer Get Designing! See All Edible Garden Designer What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Garden Fundamentals Highlights How to Choose Your Garden Type 7 Super Easy Veggies to Grow See All Garden Fundamentals Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now How to Grow Highlights Bonnie Plants Growing Guides How to Grow Tomatoes How to Grow Strawberries See All How to Grow Key Resources When to Plant Find your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Drought Resources Highlights Drought-Busting Techniques Beat the Drought with These Techniques Drought Busters Respond with Many Good Ideas See All Drought Resources Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now When to Plant Highlights Strawberries Tomatoes Cucumbers Basil Lavender See All When to Plant Key Resources When to plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now DIY Garden Projects Garden Ideas & Inspiration Garden Plans Recipes View all resources Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser Highlights Creative Vertical Gardening Ideas How to Build a Strawberry Basket Tree 3 Easy Ways to Build a Raised Bed Garden How to Build a Bamboo Trellis Tower Small Garden Ideas See All DIY Garden Projects Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Highlights Container Inspiration Gallery 7 Tips for Getting Kids in the Garden Grow and Eat the Rainbow Get an Antioxidant Boost from Your Garden Garden Games for Kids See All Garden Ideas & Inspiration Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Highlights Herb Garden in Containers Tea Garden in Containers Fresh Tomato and Pesto 4 x 4-foot Garden Hot and Sweet 4 x 4-foot Pickling Garden See All Garden Plans Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Highlights Herbed Hummus Bruschetta Pizza Old-Fashioned Strawberry Shortcake Smashed Cucumbers with Mint and Soy Sunshine Salad See All Recipes Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Bonnie Plants Bonnie Reserve Growing Supplies Bonnie Plugs Shop all Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser Shop by Category Herbs Vegetables Fruit Flowers Succulents See All Bonnie Plants Best Sellers Sweet Basil Rosemary Cherokee Purple - Heirloom Tomato Sun Sugar Yellow Cherry Tomato Jalapeno Hot Pepper What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Bonnie Reserve Super Hot Peppers Live Plants See All Bonnie Reserve Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Plant Food Miracle-Gro Shake 'n Feed Tomato, Fruit & Vegetable Plant Food Miracle-Gro Water Soluble Plant Food Vegetables and Herbs See All Growing Supplies Planting Mix Miracle-Gro Expand 'n Gro Concentrated Planting Mix What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Shop All Sweet Basil 3-Pack Plugs Sweet Mint 3-Pack Plugs Slicer Tomato 3-Pack Plugs See All Bonnie Plugs Learn More How to Grow and Care For Plugs What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Edible Garden Designer Garden Fundamentals How to Grow Drought Resources When to Plant View All Resources Tomato Chooser Pepper Chooser Learn more about how to get started! About Edible Garden Designer Get Designing! See All Edible Garden Designer What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Highlights How to Choose Your Garden Type 7 Super Easy Veggies to Grow See All Garden Fundamentals Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Highlights Bonnie Plants Growing Guides How to Grow Tomatoes How to Grow Strawberries See All How to Grow Key Resources When to Plant Find your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Highlights Drought-Busting Techniques Beat the Drought with These Techniques Drought Busters Respond with Many Good Ideas See All Drought Resources Key Resources When to Plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Highlights Strawberries Tomatoes Cucumbers Basil Lavender See All When to Plant Key Resources When to plant Find Your Garden Planting Zone First and Last Frost Dates What will you grow? Fresh plants delivered safely to your door. Shop now Continue Shopping There are no items in your cart. Start shopping Customer favorites Rosemary (2 Pack) Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Sweet Basil (2 Pack) Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Order Summary (0 items) Subtotal $0.00 Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Secure Checkout You have $50.00 left until free shipping. You have qualified for Free Shipping Secure SSL Certificate & PCI compliance Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Subtotal Grow Indoor Herbs Year Round! Shop Herbs Shop all herbs Rosemary (2 Pack) A native of the Mediterranean region and member of the mint family, rosemary is a lovely, easy-to-grow plant with great culinary and ornamental value. A striking, upright evergreen shrub that is winter-hardy in zones 8 to 10, it fills the air with its fragrance as soon as you brush your hand across the leaves. The key to growing rosemary is a well-drained soil that stays evenly moist at first; as the plant takes root it becomes increasingly drought tolerant. It is also excellent for containers, which lets gardeners in colder climates to bring it indoors in the winter. Unlike most herbs, rosemary has a stronger flavor when fresh than when dried. Cut sprigs anytime for fresh use. Trim it regularly to encourage tender new stems or the plant will get woody. It's hard to have too much rosemary. The plant has so many uses that it will be enjoyed all the time. Just a few cut stems will fill a room with fragrance. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart German Thyme (2 Pack) Thyme is an easy and practical herb to grow. Highly aromatic, it enhances meat dishes, eggs, cheeses, soups, and sauces, and it is a primary component of both Bouquet Garni and Herbes de Provence. Use it to elevate the flavor of good ole' beef stew, too. This tiny-leaved thyme is among the most aromatic, more so than larger-leafed varieties. You may also hear it called winter thyme, because it is one of the most cold hardy of all the different thymes. The leaves are evergreen to semi-evergreen, depending on the how far North it is growing. In the warm, humid climates of zones 9 and 10 it may suffer in the summer; in zone 10 it is best to lower your expectations and just consider it a cool season annual. Thyme is well suited for containers because of its size and the fact that it demands perfect drainage. Give it excellent drainage in a pot and good air circulation. Because it is low-growing and has thin stems and a wiry habit, don't crowd it because vigorous neighboring plants might choke it out. Upright-growing rosemary is a good companion. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Greek Oregano (2 Pack) Enjoy oregano aroma and flavor on pizza, in egg dishes, and in tomato sauces. Native to the Mediterranean region, this plant prefers climates with lower humidity, so keep the foliage and roots away from too much moisture. Give it good air circulation. For that reason, it is perfectly suited for a container. In the ground it makes a ground-cover-like mat. Harvest anytime, but especially as the stems begin to get tall and are getting ready to flower -- that is when the leaves are the most flavorful. Cut it back several times during the growing season to harvest the leaves from the stems. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Chamomile (2 Pack) Need a little help relaxing? Add chamomile to the garden, and brew a cup of homegrown, soothing chamomile tea to unwind before bed. While best known for use in tea, the pretty, edible flowers also add a slightly sweet flavor to dishes, desserts, and drinks. Chamomile looks lovely and makes a great companion plant in vegetable gardens, attracting beneficial insects, like pollinators and predatory insects that feed on pests, to boost harvests and keep veggies healthy. Enjoy the large shows of pretty, petite, daisy-like flowers—they look great in bouquets, too. Plant in full sun to partial shade. Annual. Matures in 60 to 65 days. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Best Seller Sweet Mint (2 Pack) Mint is one of the easiest herbs to grow. This one has extra large leaves that most cooks really like for chopping into sauces and drinks. Our sweet mint is grown from cuttings of a variety that comes to us from Israel, where mint is used in many dishes, from lamb to yogurt sauce. We think you'll like the rich spearmint flavor of this variety. This plant can go a little crazy, though, so be careful or it can spread farther than you might like. For this reason many people grow it in a pot. The long stems can even be trained on a little wire trellis, especially in spots where a a bit of shade causes it to stretch. Keep pinched to encourage tender new leaves.Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Garden Sage (2 Pack) Gardeners add the uniquely flavored leaves of common garden sage, an herbaceous perennial, to sauces, stuffings, poultry, pork, and sausage. It provides a lovely fragrance and flavor to a dish, especially when leaves are sautéed before adding. It is a good fall and winter plant in hot climates. Great for containers. Needs good drainage. Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Lemon Thyme (2 Pack) A favorite of all thymes, lemon thyme is great in the garden and the kitchen. Easy to grow. Although it looks like German thyme (or English thyme), it definitely tastes and smells like lemon. Use lemon thyme in any recipe that calls for lemon, including marinades. Lemon thyme grows vigorously, so you can trim back to keep neat and compact and enjoy the trimmings! The glossy green foliage is easily sheared into a tiny hedge if you are looking to create a traditional knot garden. Evergreen in zones 8 and 9. This is a really pretty thyme that our customers brag about for its vigor and size. Lemon thyme looks great in a pot. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Italian Flat Parsley (2 Pack) This Italian flat-leafed parsley has, of course, flat leaves, which distinguish it from the better-known curly-leafed parsley. At first the foliage might be easily confused with cilantro. However, its flavor is distinctly parsley, and it is favored for its deep flavor, which some say holds up better in cooking than curly parsley. It is popular in Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cuisine. Easy to chop, the nutritious flat leaves are high in iron and in vitamins A, C, and E. A high chlorophyll content makes it a natural breath sweetener, too. This is a great plant for containers, especially for fall and winter in zone 7 and south. Of course, you can also use it in vegetable and herb beds. In a flower bed it makes a nice, green leafy companion to small flowers such as pansies. It is also more tolerant of hot weather than curly parsley (which can struggle during the peak of summer) and is frost tolerant. Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Spearmint Mint (2 Pack) Spearmint has strong flavor and fragrance that is released with simple bruising. It's the best mint variety for hot and cold drinks. Toss bruised leaves into ice water for a refreshing summer drink or add to iced tea. Spearmint is favored for flavoring beverages such as mojito. Also know as Yerba Buena. Spreading plant is great for containers. Tolerates light frost. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Peppermint Mint (2 Pack) Many herbs are easy to grow, and this is definitely true for peppermint. Square stems tend to run rampantly over — and under — soil. In small garden spaces, it's best to tuck peppermint into a pot to curtail its wandering ways. Peppermint thrives alongside water gardens or in damp spots in the yard, but will also survive in drier soil. Lushest growth occurs in moist soil in partial shade. Crush fresh leaves into water for a refreshing beverage, or add to iced tea. You can also dry leaves for flavoring dishes or beverages and making desserts like meringues, cookies, or cakes. Pick leaves frequently. Plants open lavender blooms in late summer. Tolerates light frost. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price $0.00 Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Lemon Balm (2 Pack) Lemon balm, a member of the mint family, is a lovely mild herb named for the lemony scent of its leaves. Originally grown in South Europe, lemon balm is often used in combination with other herbs and is frequently found in poultry and fish dishes, desserts, and teas. It also makes a nicely scented sachet. Plant one at the edge of a gate so that when the gate opens and closes the lemony scent fill the air. Like other types of mint, it likes to spread, so a container is a great choice. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Out of Stock Chives (2 Pack) Easy to grow, chives pack a lot of flavor for their compact size. The plants form neat grass-like clumps of tubular leaves that contribute an onion flavor to salads, creamy soups, potatoes, egg dishes, and others. A wonderful addition to an herb garden. Great for containers, and also makes a neat border. Enjoy the light purple blooms in the spring--they are edible, too. Frost tolerant. Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - Sold out - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Notify Me Available Now! Ready to Ship Shop all Sweet Basil (2 Pack) This herb is known around the world for its wonderful fragrance and flavor. The key ingredient in classic Italian pesto, Sweet Basil has big leaves that are fast and easy to grow so that you can make your own pesto to freeze for year-round use. It loves hot weather, so always wait until all danger of frost is past before planting in the garden in the spring, then harvest before the weather starts to cool down in fall. Great for containers, but be sure to keep watered. If you were to grow only one herb, this should probably be it. Dried basil just doesn’t have the aromatic quality of the fresh leaves, which are often added at the last minute to many Asian dishes. Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Rosemary (2 Pack) A native of the Mediterranean region and member of the mint family, rosemary is a lovely, easy-to-grow plant with great culinary and ornamental value. A striking, upright evergreen shrub that is winter-hardy in zones 8 to 10, it fills the air with its fragrance as soon as you brush your hand across the leaves. The key to growing rosemary is a well-drained soil that stays evenly moist at first; as the plant takes root it becomes increasingly drought tolerant. It is also excellent for containers, which lets gardeners in colder climates to bring it indoors in the winter. Unlike most herbs, rosemary has a stronger flavor when fresh than when dried. Cut sprigs anytime for fresh use. Trim it regularly to encourage tender new stems or the plant will get woody. It's hard to have too much rosemary. The plant has so many uses that it will be enjoyed all the time. Just a few cut stems will fill a room with fragrance. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Cherokee Purple - Heirloom Tomato (2 Pack) Heirloom. Cherokee Purple seeds, originating from Tennessee, are thought to have been passed down from Native Americans of the Cherokee tribe. This heirloom tomato variety consistently ranks very high in taste tests. Slice Cherokee Purple tomato for rich, dark color and unmatched sweet, rich taste on sandwiches or in salads. The tomato is a beautiful dusky pink with a deep, rich-red interior. Cherokee Purple grows well in most regions of the U.S. Let the fruit ripen on the vine for the best flavor. This one is a consistent taste test winner at tomato fests around the country. For an heirloom, it is a good producer. In our Alabama test garden, where conditions are ideal and the season is long, we harvest and average of 20 or more fruits from each plant. Vigorous vines benefit from strong staking or caging. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Jalapeno Hot Pepper (2 Pack) Named for the town of Jalapa, Mexico, this is the most popular chile pepper in the United States. Jalapeño produces 3-inch, thick-walled, moderately hot pods with deep green color that matures to a bright red. The skin may show a netting pattern as fruit ages, but it does not affect flavor. Often, the heat of the peppers will vary, even those from the same plant. If peppers grow fast, get plenty of water, and are harvested soon, they may be milder than peppers that stay on the plant a long time, or that develop slowly and under stressful conditions. Widely adapted, jalapeño plants yield a bountiful harvest in dry or humid, hot or cool climates. The compact plants grow well in containers. Use jalapeño on nachos or in salsa, or smoke the mature red ones over mesquite chips to make your own chipotle sauce. Jalapeño became the first pepper in space when a bag full of pods accompanied astronauts on the shuttle Columbia in November 1982! Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Sun Sugar Yellow Cherry Tomato (2 Pack) Although called yellow cherry, these little tomatoes are orange at their peak, making almost more bite-sized bursts of sweetness than you can imagine on each plant. A single healthy plant is capable of producing hundreds. Several years ago, Sun Sugar was named by Sunset magazine as the best tasting tomato in their trials for its sweetness and rich tomato flavor that includes just the right amount of tartness. This disease-resistant plant is one of our very best cherry tomatoes and are easy to grow. The fruits are fantastic for salads or to just set out in bowls for snacking. Give the vines plenty of room; they can get 7 feet long or more and will bear through heat until frost, so give them a tall cage for support. Plants are resistant to fusarium wilt and tomato mosaic virus. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Better Boy Tomato (2 Pack) High yields of smooth skinned, large fruit earn Better Boy a spot as one of the most popular tomatoes grown in the US and as one of our all time best sellers. The fruit has excellent classic tomato flavor with just the right balance of acid and sugar. This is a great slicing tomato. It is widely adapted throughout the country. Grow it in a tall cage or tie to a stake for support. The indeterminate vines are resistant to verticillium wilt (V), fusarium wilt (F), and nematodes (N). Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Best Seller Super Sweet 100 Tomato (2 Pack) When Sweet 100 tomato was first introduced it created a buzz among gardeners because it is so tasty and produces for such a long time. Now, its improved cousin, Super Sweet 100 hybrid, bears the same long, branched clusters of deliciously sweet tomatoes high in sugar and vitamin C. But Super Sweet 100 is known to be more disease resistant, giving plants a better chance where certain problems may be soil-borne. You'll be eating them right off the vine before they ever make it to the salad bowl! They are perfect for snacking, salads, and even juice. Super Sweet 100 lives up to its name, especially when harvested at the peak of ripeness. The indeterminate vines continue bearing until frost. Give them a tall support because they grow and grow over the top of the cage and back down again. Resistant to verticillium wilt (V) and fusarium wilt (F). Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Husky Red Cherry Tomato (2 Pack) This super sweet cherry tomato is a best seller because of its flavor, productivity, and good looks. If you like to snack on cherry tomatoes, this is a great choice. One of the popular "Husky" series developed especially for home gardens, the plant is stout, dark green and really pretty; it's one of the prettiest tomato plants that we grow. The vines are dwarf indeterminate, making them short and husky like a determinate type, usually between 3 and 4 feet, yielding clusters of tasty little cherry tomatoes in a small space over a long period of time. Perfect for pots, too. The dwarf vines stay neat and compact, but give the plant a little support on a stake or cage to keep it upright in rain and wind. Many juicy, sweet cherry tomatoes are borne on vines resistant to verticillium wilt (V) and fusarium wilt (F). Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Sweet Green Bell Pepper (2 Pack) Bonnie's best hybrid sweet bell pepper! A heavy yielder of large fruits. A good all-round pepper for slicing, stuffing, and freezing. This bell produces lots of fresh bell peppers gradually over the growing season. Plants in our Alabama garden produce from June through October, yielding 30 or more peppers from each plant. (Your results will vary based on care and the length of your growing season.) This is a good-sized plant, so be prepared to stake if needed. Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Cilantro (2 Pack) If you like the aromatic flavor of salsa served in Mexican restaurants, you'll like cilantro. The leaves have an instantly recognizable fragrance that fills a room when you cut them. Sometimes called Chinese parsley, its distinctive aroma and flavor is also part of Caribbean and Asian foods, lending flavor to recaito, salsas, curries, salads, chutneys, herbed butters, and meat marinades.Cilantro looks like flat leaf Italian parsley, but the leaves are thinner. It grows in a rosette of stemmy leaves that are ready to harvest shortly after planting. Young leaves have the best flavor, so be sure to harvest often. It is a fast-growing annual except in milder climates where it will overwinter. Cilantro grows tall and blooms at the end of its life, usually after the weather gets hot. After it blooms, harvest the seeds--they are what you buy in spice jars as coriander, another common ingredient in Asian cooking. You can grind the seeds or use them whole. Some gardeners also let the seeds drop to make new plants.Fall is a great time to grow cilantro in mild climates, as the plants are frost tolerant and love the cool weather in fall, winter, and early spring.Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Italian Flat Parsley (2 Pack) This Italian flat-leafed parsley has, of course, flat leaves, which distinguish it from the better-known curly-leafed parsley. At first the foliage might be easily confused with cilantro. However, its flavor is distinctly parsley, and it is favored for its deep flavor, which some say holds up better in cooking than curly parsley. It is popular in Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cuisine. Easy to chop, the nutritious flat leaves are high in iron and in vitamins A, C, and E. A high chlorophyll content makes it a natural breath sweetener, too. This is a great plant for containers, especially for fall and winter in zone 7 and south. Of course, you can also use it in vegetable and herb beds. In a flower bed it makes a nice, green leafy companion to small flowers such as pansies. It is also more tolerant of hot weather than curly parsley (which can struggle during the peak of summer) and is frost tolerant. Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Red Bell Pepper (2 Pack) Sweet, juicy, nutritious red fruits add appetizing color to fresh salads and are superb for stuffing. Also great on the grill! The big, blocky peppers (they average around 4 to 6 Ounces) ripen from dark green to bright red. High-yielding plants are well adapted throughout the US. Grow your own and avoid premium prices at the grocery store. Organic varieties are only available at retailers. Product variants Default Title - $17.99 Decrease quantity for Increase quantity for Regular price $17.99 Regular price Sale price $17.99 Unit price / per Add to cart Learn With Us Gardening Fundamentals View all fundamentals Beat the Drought with These TechniquesGood water management leads to a healthy plant, and healthy plants are able to withstand insect and disease pressures better than unhealthy ones. Read More How to Plant a GardenThere are many reasons to plant a garden. Maybe you love cooking with fresh produce. Perhaps you’ve resolved to eat healthier. Or maybe you’re looking for an activity to engage kids in outdoor fun. Whatever the reason, you’ve decided to take the plunge. But where do you begin? Read More How to Choose Your Garden TypeDebating whether to plant an in-ground, raised bed, or container garden? We’ve outlined the pros and cons to help you choose the best garden type for you. Read More Begin When the Soil Tells YouWhen is the best time to begin working the soil in preparation for your spring garden? Find out how to tell when it's time. Read More Creative Ways to Design Your GardenDesigning a garden is fun with these 3 creative ways to plan. Visual, list-focused, or detailed—choose a style that suits your personality and garden goals. Read More 7 Super Easy Veggies to GrowHave you always wanted to grow a vegetable garden but are worried that it’s too tricky or time-consuming? With our handy list of 7 super easy veggies to grow, you’ll be eating fresh garden-to-table meals in no time! Read More How to Lay Out a Vegetable GardenIs there anything more satisfying and delicious than growing your own food? From the first tender tips of asparagus in spring to the tasty tang of summer’s homegrown tomatoes, a garden filled with beautiful, productive plants provides a terrific sense of accomplishment—and fabulous, fresh meals. Read More Learn With Us How to Grow Guides View all guides Growing LettuceRead these expert tips on growing lettuce. Save money and grow your own salad greens in your vegetable garden. It is much more simple then you may think! Read More Growing MintGrowing mint is easy—sometimes too easy. Learn to plant, grow, and control mint in your garden. Growing mint in pots is usually your best bet. Read More Growing BroccoliGrowing broccoli is planting the right variety at the right time. Learn to grow broccoli in your vegetable garden and harvest fresh heads for your table. Read More Growing SucculentsGrowing succulents indoors is easy, but our expert tips on how to care for these low-maintenance plants will really help them flourish. Read More Growing CilantroTry growing cilantro for fresh flavor in everything from salsa to marinade. Cilantro prefers cool weather, so plant in spring or fall. Read More Growing KaleLearn expert tips for growing kale. This cold-hardy vegetable can be planted in spring or fall, and is easy to care for if you follow these tips. Read More Quick & Easy Our Favorite Recipes View all recipes Spring Strawberry Salad Mint Chutney Loaded Cabbage and Broccoli Slaw Collards with Ham and Cornmeal Dumplings Roasted Carrots with Chopped Mint Dressing Kale Chips Find A Store Growing your own garden should be simple, accessible, and attainable. With over a century of experience growing fresh, quality plants, we want to be your go-to partner in successfully growing delicious, fresh food, right at home.Our story Shop Plants Herbs Vegetables Fruit Company Our Story 100 Years of Heart FAQs Contact Shipping & Returns Careers Find a Retailer Legal Privacy Notice Conditions of Use About Cookies About Interest-Based Ads Do Not Sell My Personal Information Twitter Facebook Pinterest Instagram YouTube © 2024. All rights reserved. Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.