Jerusalem Center For Public Affairs Skip to content עברית Français Deutsch Strategic Alliances for a Secure, Connected, and Prosperous Region Menu Home About Us About Us Our Experts Board of Fellows Our Building Programs The JCPA Center for Security, Diplomacy, and Communications Arab-Israel-Africa National Security Partnerships Initiative for Palestinian Authority Accountability and Reform Exposing Political Antisemitism and Combating Delegitimization Black American-Israel Leadership Initiative Institute for Contemporary Affairs For Students and Interns Past Programs Defensible Borders for Israel Jerusalem in International Diplomacy Anti-Semitism in Canada Publications Authors Major Studies Analysis Jerusalem Issue Briefs Jerusalem Viewpoints Strategic Perspectives Global Law Forum Special Reports Daily Alert Jewish Political Studies Review Post-Holocaust and Anti-Semitism Daniel Elazar Library Major Knesset Debates Israel’s Wars Maps Jewish Environmental Studies Survey of Arab Affairs Jerusalem Letter Homeland Security Portal Jerusalem Studies ebooks Other Special Features Podcast Videos New Videos YouTube Audio Archive Conferences Blog Support Us Contact Us Search for: Daily Alert Headlines JCPA Wartime Diplomacy Center Please join us for JCPA War Room Briefing Monday and Thursday at 4:00 p.m. (Israel), 2:00 p.m. (UK), 9:00 a.m. (EST) The Role of the Western Media: Help or Hindrance in Bringing Peace to the Mideast? March 4, 2024 JCPA War Room Briefing featuring Tom Gross Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch The PA Tries to Fool the World March 3, 2024 PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas’s “Three Card Monty” Game with the West Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch Strategic Aspects behind the Israeli Hostage Negotiations February 29, 2024 War Room Briefing by JCPA Intelligence, Military and Diplomacy Experts Brig.-Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser, Dr. Dan Diker, Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch Why Do Iran and Hizbullah Crave Jerusalem? February 29, 2024 Jerusalem and the Temple Mount do not have a role in Shiite Islam Pinhas Inbari Do the Recent Disclosures about UNRWA Come as a Surprise? February 26, 2024 JCPA War Room Briefing featuring Sharona Shir Zablodovsky Dr. Dan Diker, Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch Why the Palestinian Authority Opposes Marwan Barghouti’s Potential Prison Release February 25, 2024 A large-scale prisoner release could unleash hundreds of Hamas terrorists Yoni Ben Menachem See more wartime analysis Applied Diplomacy JCPA Experts Brief Former U.S. Officials in Jerusalem February 4, 2024 Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs President Dan Diker and senior JCPA Fellows Brig. Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser, Aviram Bellaishe, and Khaled Abu Toameh met on January 31, 2024, in Jerusalem with former U.S. administration officials. Dr. Dan Diker and Brig.-Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser: What Victory Will Look Like at the End of the Gaza War January 2, 2024 JCPA President Dan Diker and JCPA Expert Brig. Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser spoke at the Knesset's "Israel Victory Caucus" on January 2, 2024. See more applied diplomacy updates The JCPA Center for Security, Diplomacy, and Communications (SDC) The Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs (JCPA) has transitioned from its traditional role as an exclusively research-based institute into a multi-faceted center for regional security, diplomacy, and media communications in Arabic, Farsi, and English. JCPA has established an independent communications “nerve center” for the constant and consistent collection of critical content, multi-media platforms, and social networks. The JCPA Arabic, Farsi, and English communications center works in cooperation with senior journalists from the region and beyond, providing a platform for the dissemination of objective news and analysis. About the SDC Initiative for Palestinian Authority Accountability and Reform The Oslo Accords at 30: Lessons Learned 30 years later, the Oslo Accords have not materialized as their proponents had hoped. The scholars and analysts at JCPA, who have scrutinized the unfolding of this diplomatic process over three decades, have written a series of articles evaluating Oslo’s failures. The Oslo Accords at 30: Lessons Learned compendium concludes with an assessment of the possibilities for a requisite change of direction. Nazi and Soviet Conspiracy Themes in the Palestinian Discourse: Policy Lessons for Israel September 3, 2023 What has changed in Palestinian rhetoric? Dr. Dan Diker The Palestinian Authority’s Influence on the “Arab Street” in Israel August 27, 2023 Israel’s Containment Policy Toward the Palestinian Authority and Its Implications for the Israeli Arabs Yoni Ben Menachem See more Oslo at 30 articles Latest Videos The Role of the Western Media: Help or Hindrance in Bringing Peace to the Mideast? March 4, 2024 | Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch JCPA War Room Briefing featuring Tom Gross Strategic Aspects behind the Israeli Hostage Negotiations February 29, 2024 | Brig.-Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser, Dr. Dan Diker, Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch War Room Briefing by JCPA Intelligence, Military and Diplomacy Experts See more videos In-Depth Analysis Pillay’s Pogrom: The UN Tells Palestinian Terrorists, “We Have Your Back” October 22, 2023 Navi Pillay’s official report will be delivered to the UN General Assembly on October 24 Prof. Anne Bayefsky Can Israel and the Palestinian Authority Continue to Cooperate? September 19, 2023 Since 1994, Israeli governments have supported the PA Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch See more in-depth analysis and blogs Recent Publications The PA Tries to Fool the World March 3, 2024 | Lt.-Col. (res.) Maurice Hirsch PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas’s “Three Card Monty” Game with the West Why Do Iran and Hizbullah Crave Jerusalem? February 29, 2024 | Pinhas Inbari Jerusalem and the Temple Mount do not have a role in Shiite Islam Why the Palestinian Authority Opposes Marwan Barghouti’s Potential Prison Release February 25, 2024 | Yoni Ben Menachem A large-scale prisoner release could unleash hundreds of Hamas terrorists U.S. Survey: Israel’s Planned Offensive in Rafah, Gaza, and the “Two-State Solution” February 22, 2024 | Dr. Irwin J. Mansdorf How do first impressions influence how Americans think? See more in-depth analysis and blogs Special Report Trusted Regional Partnerships at a Time of Shifting Alliances 2023 Arab-Israel-Africa Summit – Conference Highlights 2023 Highlights of the 2023 Arab-Israel-Africa Summit Conference in Jerusalem Our Experts in Other Journals - previous articles Israel Hayom, January 2, 2024 Israel Must Send a Clear Message to the U.S. Israel Must Send a Clear Message to the U.S. Brig.-Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser Ending major combat operations in Gaza before a decisive victory will allow Hamas to claim it had won. Jerusalem in Historical Context Spies in the Holy Land in World War I: An American Spy in Plain View? January 18, 2024 | Lenny Ben-David From Secrets of World War I in the Holy Land Key Publications Israelophobia and the West: The Hijacking of Civil Discourse on Israel and How to Rescue It Dr. Dan Diker, editor Incentivizing Terrorism: Palestinian Authority Allocations to Terrorists and their Families Brig.-Gen. (res.) Yossi Kuperwasser Jihad on Campus Unmasked Dr. Dan Diker, Irina Tsukerman, Khaled Abu Toameh, Hussein Aboubakr Mansour Preserving Israel’s Doctrine of Defensible Borders Amb. Dore Gold Subscribe to Daily Alert The Daily Alert – Israel news digest appears every Monday and Thursday. — Subscribe here Subscribe to Jerusalem Issue Briefs Receive insider briefings by leading Jerusalem Center experts. — Subscribe here About Daily Alert The highly acclaimed Daily Alert – Israel News Digest, produced by the Jerusalem Center since 2002, offers linked excerpts of selected Israel-related news stories from the most important English and Hebrew media sources. Daily Alert now appears every Monday and Thursday. What our readers say. Read the latest issue. About the Jerusalem Center The Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs strengthens Israel’s vital security interests, transforming policy research into actionable, applied diplomacy by leveraging our unique position as Jerusalem’s “global embassy,” featuring a culturally diverse team of diplomatic and national security experts, and engaging partners from across the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Europe and North America. Dan Diker is President of the Jerusalem Center. About Us About Us Our Experts Board of Fellows Our Building Programs Initiative for Palestinian Authority Accountability and Reform Exposing Political Antisemitism and Combating Delegitimization Black American-Israel Leadership Initiative Arab-Israel-Africa National Security Partnerships Africa-Israel National Security Partnership Defensible Borders for Israel Jerusalem in International Diplomacy Combating Delegitimization and BDS Anti-Semitism in Canada For Students and Interns Past Programs Publications Blog Authors Major Studies Jerusalem Issue Briefs Jerusalem Viewpoints Strategic Perspectives Global Law Forum Special Reports Daily Alert Jewish Political Studies Review Post-Holocaust and Anti-Semitism Daniel Elazar Library Major Knesset Debates Israel's Wars Maps Jewish Environmental Studies Survey of Arab Affairs Jerusalem Letter Homeland Security Portal Jerusalem Studies ebooks Other Special Features Videos YouTube Audio Archive Conferences Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs Beit Milken, 13 Tel Hai St., Jerusalem, 9210717, Israel Email: [email protected] Tel: 972-2-561-9281, Fax: 972-2-561-9112 © 2024 Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs | Privacy Policy | Refund Policy © 2024 Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs Beit Milken, 13 Tel Hai St., Jerusalem, 9210717, IsraelEmail: [email protected] | Tel: 972-2-561-9281, Fax: 972-2-561-9112