Granta | The Home of New Writing Sign inSubscribe Donate Search → New Writing Fiction Essays & Memoir In Conversation Poetry Art & Photography Granta Writers’ Workshop Magazine Granta 166: Generations All Issues Submissions International Editions Advertise In Granta Magazine Masthead Books Granta Books Featured Writing All Books Our Authors Catalogue Sales and Distribution The Independent Alliance Podcasts Videos About About Granta Merchandise The Granta Team Prizes Events Careers Granta’s Environmental Policy magnifying-glass Created with Sketch. close Created with Sketch. facebook Created with Sketch. twitter Created with Sketch. instagram Created with Sketch. facebook Created with Sketch. twitter Created with Sketch. instagram Created with Sketch. Search → New Writing Fiction Essays & Memoir In Conversation Poetry Art & Photography Granta Writers’ Workshop Magazine Granta 166: Generations All Issues Submissions International Editions Advertise In Granta Magazine Masthead Books Granta Books Featured Writing All Books Our Authors Catalogue Sales and Distribution The Independent Alliance Podcasts Videos About About Granta Merchandise The Granta Team Prizes Events Careers Granta’s Environmental Policy magnifying-glass Created with Sketch. close Created with Sketch. Sign inSubscribe Donate facebook Created with Sketch. twitter Created with Sketch. instagram Created with Sketch. Sign inSubscribe Donate Subscribe Sign in New Writing Fiction Essays & Memoir In Conversation Poetry Art & Photography Granta Writers’ Workshop Magazine Granta 166: Generations All Issues Submissions International Editions Advertise In Granta Magazine Masthead Books Granta Books Featured Writing All Books Our Authors Catalogue Sales and Distribution The Independent Alliance PodcastsVideosAbout About Granta Merchandise The Granta Team Prizes Events Careers Granta’s Environmental Policy Donate to Granta Trust magnifying-glass search close cross → facebook Created with Sketch. twitter Created with Sketch. instagram Created with Sketch. New Writing on Granta.com Poetry|Issue 166 At me and beautiful problems Eve Esfandiari-Denney ‘ancestry.com fucks with my mind’ A poem by Eve Esfandiari-Denney. Fiction|Issue 166 The Attaché’s Wife Karan Mahajan “I’m from here. I grew up here. In fact, that’s why the government invited me back for this work.” Short fiction by Karan Mahajan. Fiction|The Online Edition Kings Of Cool Crest Kate Lister Campbell ‘Fifty years I’ve played here, except for stretches in Arizona and Mississippi, after my divorce.’ Fiction by Kate Lister Campbell. Fiction|The Online Edition Buttermilk and Liverwurst Phil Crockett Thomas ‘Incredibly, where her neck had once been, she could now see right through to the faded paisley paper on the opposite wall.’ Fiction from Phil Crockett Thomas. Essays & Memoir|Issue 166 Proper Country Ralf Webb ‘It was by necessity, not choice.’ Ralf Webb on returning to the West Country. Granta 166: Generations Fiction | Issue 166 The Sensitivity Reader Andrew O’Hagan ‘Human nature is not improved by concealment, especially when it comes to the past.’ A short story by Andrew O’Hagan. Essays & Memoir | Issue 166 Five O’Clock Somewhere Gary Indiana ‘It’s when things fail to return to normal, that finally you get it: this is normal.’Gary Indiana on growing older. Essays & Memoir | Issue 166 Lifetimes of the Soviet Union Yuri Slezkine ‘Bolshevism, like most millenarian movements, proved a one-generation phenomenon.’Yuri Slezkine on Soviet history and the generational arc of revolution. Art & Photography | Issue 166 Shooting Stars in Your Black Hair Joanna Biggs & Jack Latham ‘To be in a hair salon is to be bubble-wrapped against the world – or at least that’s the fantasy.’Joanna Biggs on salons, intimacy and the photography of Jack Latham. Fiction | Issue 166 Repetition Vigdis Hjorth ‘The people she longed to be understood by, the ones at whom her anxious hope was pinned, were her parents.’ Fiction by Vigdis Hjorth, translated by Charlotte Barslund. Constructing a Nervous System Margo Jefferson Winner of the Rathbones Folio Prize Book of the Year In this intimate and innovative memoir, Pulitzer prize-winning author Margo Jefferson gives us her own personal and intellectual formation. From Josephine Baker’s radiant transformations, to Willa Cather’s aesthetics of whiteness, Jefferson shows us how we can find space in cultures that will not make room for us, and how, even in times of stricture, we might learn to construct ourselves. £9.99 Buy Now Highlights From Granta Books View all → Books Julia Sandra Newman £18.99 Books Study for Obedience Sarah Bernstein £9.99 Books Blackouts Justin Torres £14.99 Books The Glutton A. K. Blakemore £14.99 Books The Dimensions of a Cave Greg Jackson £18.99 Books An Ordinary Youth Walter Kempowski £18.99 Books Nature's Calendar Kiera Chapman,Rowan Jaines,Lulah Ellender,Rebecca Warren £14.99 Books Every Drop Is a Man's Nightmare Megan Kamalei Kakimoto £12.99 Books The Lights Ben Lerner £12.99 Books Though the Bodies Fall Noel O'Regan £12.99 Books Birnam Wood Eleanor Catton £20.00 Books I'm a Fan Sheena Patel £8.99 View All Recommended Reading Essays & Memoir | The Online Edition My Time Machine Arthur Asseraf ‘How do we imagine the past of those we love?’Arthur Asseraf on family and fractured memories. Essays & Memoir | Issue 165 Last Week at Marienbad Lauren Oyler ‘The only thing on the schedule was spa.’Lauren Oyler on her trip to Marienbad. Poetry | The Online Edition Moving Nowhere Here Kimberly Campanello ‘I am afraid to say we are all / progressing or regressing / down a more or less screwy road / found on a very old map / until / we are going Nowhere.’ A poem by Kimberly Campanello. Fiction | The Online Edition The Tupperware Party Montserrat Roig ‘We’re going to go crazy today, Merche exclaimed and then let out an electric shriek.’Fiction by Montserrat Roig, translated by Julia Sanches. Please check your email to confirm your subscription to our newsletter. Subscribe to the Granta newsletters Granta Magazine Granta Books Subscribe News, Prizes and Events Prize When I Sing, Mountains Dance and Chilean Poet Shortlisted for Oxford-Weidenfeld Translation Prize When I Sing, Mountains Dance by Irene Sola (trans. Mara Faye Lethem) and Chilean Poet by Alejandro Zambra (trans. Megan McDowell) are both shortlisted for the Oxford-Weidenfeld Translation Prize. Prize Our Share of Night Shortlisted for The Kitschies Our Share of Night by Mariana Enriquez (trans. Megan McDowell) is shortlisted for The Kitschies Red Tentacle award, awarded to speculative, sci-fi and fantasy novels. Prize I’m A Fan Wins a British Book Award I'm A Fan by Sheena Patel wins the Book of the Year: Discover Award at the British Book Awards. Contact Us Rights and Permissions Job Opportunities and Internships Terms and Conditions Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Please check your email to confirm your subscription to our newsletter. Subscribe to the Granta newsletters Granta Magazine Granta Books Subscribe The copyright to all contents of this site is held either by Granta or by the individual authors, and none of the material may be used elsewhere without written permission. For reprint enquiries, contact us. Granta 12 Addison Avenue London W11 4QR United Kingdom Tel +44(0)20 7605 1360 ×Close The login details that you entered were not correct. Your subscription is no longer active please visit us here to subscribe. Please enter the account details that you created whilst subscribing. Not a subscriber? Subscribe today Forgot your password?