The Maas Clinic™ | Facial Plastic Surgery San Francisco Accessibility Tools Skip to main content Beauty Valet BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT Patient Login Blog Home About The Maas Clinic Dr. Corey Maas Fellowship Training Program The Appearance Care Center San Francisco Rejuvenation Center Clinical Research Center Our Staff Words From Patients Philanthropic Efforts Publications News and Media Beauty Buys and Events Facelift Facelift Mini Facelift Mid Facelift Revision Facelift Silhouette Lift Neck Lift Complementary Procedures Non-Surgical Facelift Non-surgical Ultherapy Sofwave Rhinoplasty Rhinoplasty Septoplasty Revision-Rhinoplasty Non-Surgical Rhinoplasty Facial Procedures Eyelid Surgery Brow Lift Surgery Laser Skin Resurfacing Lip Lift & Enhancement Buccal Fat Reduction Cheek Surgery Chin Surgery Facial Fat Transfer Facial Liposuction Forehead Reduction Facial Scars Ear/Earlobe Surgery Non-Surgical Facial Procedures Skin Lesions Scarlet Microneedling Photodynamic Therapy (PDT) Gallery Hair Hair Transplant For Men Hair Transplant For Women NeoGraft Beard + Mustache Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Lash + Eyebrow Transplant Non-Surgical Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Exosome Hair Restoration Lash + Eyebrow Transplant Latisse Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers BOTOX Daxxify Xeomin Jeuveau Dysport Facial Paralysis Solutions Dermal Fillers Juvederm Collection Skinvive Restylane Collection Eyelight RHA Collection Sculptra Radiesse Bellafill Belotero Skinvive Non-Surgical Rhinoplasty Lip Augmentation Under Eye Fillers Jawline Contouring Kybella Hand Rejuvenation Skin Care MaasMD & WarrenMD Shop Non-Surgical Body Treatments CoolSculpting CoolTone UltraShape VelaShape Vein Treatments MiraDry Semaglutide Weight Loss Cellfina Cellulite Treatment Facial Rejuvenation Ultherapy Nova Threads Microneedling Chemical Peels Sofwave Exosomes Scarlet RF Microneedling PhotoDynamic Therapy (PDT) Lasers + Light CoolTone CoolSculpting Fractional Laser Clear + Brilliant Photofacials (IPL) Scarlet RF Microneedling UltraShape VelaShape MiraDry Skin Care Products Glo Mineral Makeup Oxygenetix Hair Laser Hair Removal Electrolysis Resources Traveling Patients Beauty Valet Service Tele-Consultation San Francisco Rejuvenation Center Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Blog Patient Forms Patient Login Notice of Open Payments Database Contact (415) 237-3433 Give The MAAS Clinic a phone call at (415) 237-3433 Contact Us Looking Your Best Facial Plastic & Aesthetic Surgery Be your best & most beautiful self. Combining art & science for a result that is naturally beautiful–and beautifully you. Our Procedures Our Procedures Facelift Rediscover youth with a facelift, expertly performed by Dr. Maas. Elevate your natural beauty to achieve lasting facial rejuvenation. About Facelift Rhinoplasty Enhance your facial harmony through rhinoplasty at The Maas Clinic. Dr. Maas's skillful artistry ensures results that complement your unique features seamlessly. About Rhinoplasty Hair Restore confidence with a full head of hair through advanced hair restoration techniques at The Maas Clinic, personalized for your needs. About Hair Eyelid Surgery Unveil brighter, refreshed eyes with eyelid surgery by Dr. Maas. Diminish signs of aging for a more vibrant, youthful gaze. About Eyelid Surgery Injectables Experience the transformative power of injectables at The Maas Clinic, where we expertly apply injectables to achieve your desired aesthetic outcome. About Injectables Skin Care Nurture your skin to radiance with our comprehensive skin care solutions. Dr. Maas recommends personalized treatments for a refreshed, youthful complexion. About Skin Care SCROLL World-Renowned Excellence Board-certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery as well as the American Board of Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery, San Francisco plastic surgeon Corey S. Maas MDTM is one of the most highly regarded and sought-after facial plastic surgeons in the world. Dr. Maas is regularly featured in newspapers, television broadcasts, and magazines, from San Francisco Medicine and Cosmetic Surgery Times to Vogue and Allure. Learn more about Dr. Maas Visit the Dr. Corey Maas Website Dr. Corey S. Maas International Leader in Facial & Aesthetic Surgery Visit Website Education & Background After years of studying at prestigious medical institutions, Dr. Maas completed his fellowship in Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at the University of California, San Francisco. His skill and dedication to the craft eventually led him to serve at UCSF as the Chief of the Division of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery for over a decade. Learn more about Dr. Maas Visit the Dr. Corey Maas Website Dr. Corey S. Maas International Leader in Facial & Aesthetic Surgery Visit Website Leader & Medical Director Dr. Maas was honored to serve as President of the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (AAFPRS) & California Society of Facial Plastic Surgery (CSFPS). Dr. Mass founded The Maas Clinic for Aesthetic and Facial Plastic Surgery, The Research Center at The Maas Clinic, and is the Medical Director of The Appearance Care Center, a state-of-the-art medical day spa with the latest in technology and a skilled nursing staff. His luxury facilities are known for high-end care, privacy, and patient satisfaction. Learn more about Dr. Maas Visit the Dr. Corey Maas Website Dr. Corey S. Maas International Leader in Facial & Aesthetic Surgery Visit Website Research & Fellowship Director Dr. Maas doesn’t just practice facial plastic surgery and aesthetics—he is pushing boundaries and expanding our understanding of the field through training programs, profound studies and industry-leading clinical research. For over 20 years, Dr. Maas has been a fellowship director for The Fellowship Program under the auspices of the Educational and Research Foundation for the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. Learn more about Dr. Maas Visit the Dr. Corey Maas Website Dr. Corey S. Maas International Leader in Facial & Aesthetic Surgery Visit Website World-Renowned Excellence Education & Background Leader & Medical Director Research & Fellowship Director Dedicated to Quality Patient Care The Maas Clinic is internationally recognized for its expertise and nuanced, transformative results in surgical and non-surgical procedures. Explore Before & After Gallery Face Procedures Discover transformative facial procedures at The Maas Clinic, where Dr. Corey S. Maas specializes in enhancing your natural beauty. Our comprehensive options include facelifts, rhinoplasty, eyelid surgery, brow and neck lifts. With precision and artistry, Dr. Maas delivers exceptional results, not altering your beauty but emphasizing your unique features. Elevate your facial aesthetics on a journey towards renewed confidence and timeless beauty with our expertly crafted procedures. View All Face Procedures Facelift Rhinoplasty Eyelid Surgery Brow Lift Neck Lift “The most rewarding part of my job is providing results that give my patients the confidence to feel like the best versions of themselves.” Dr. Corey S. Maas Words From Our Amazing Patients 5.0 Google Review Rating Read all Reviews His attention to excellence and details is evident in the outstanding results of his work. Dr Maas has extensive knowledge, experience and expertise in the field of plastic surgery. His attention to excellence and details is evident in the outstanding results of his work. I trusted him with my face and am 100% satisfied with the results of his work and attention to details. Dr Maas demonstrates his humanity in the care and attention he pays to his patients as I find him to consistently put the interests and welfare of his patients first. S.G. I absolutely love Dr Maas! I absolutely love Dr Maas! He cares deeply about his clients and is the ultimate professional with fine attention to detail! So happy I discovered Dr Maas and his clinic—I’ll be a lifer! C.H. I would recommend Dr. Maas to anyone who is looking for great care. I’ve been seeing Dr. Maas for over 15 year; one of the most skilled and caring doctors that I know. His staff is helpful and professional. I would recommend Dr. Maas to anyone who is looking for great care. T.A. Dr. Maas is an exceptional plastic surgeon Dr. Maas is an exceptional plastic surgeon due to his exceptional skills and genuine care for his patients. Unlike many other doctors, he devotes time to addressing all your questions and thoroughly explaining the procedures and expected outcomes. I am willing to travel from Washington DC to seek his treatment, as I trust his ability to consistently deliver natural-looking and flawless results. R.M. Dr. Maas is an aesthetic genius! Dr. Maas is an aesthetic genius! Besides his very friendly light hearted demeanor, he is a master at his work. I look so much better, all refreshed, smooth & pretty and younger looking. I will recommend him to all my friends. Very professional and light years more advanced & competent then anyone I've ever experienced! Thank you Dr. Mass. S.M. Dr. Maas is wonderful, he’s friendly and most importantly very skilled. Maas Clinic is a friendly environment. You feel very comfortable to trust them with your procedures. Dr. Maas is wonderful, he’s friendly and most importantly very skilled. He takes the time to explain and answer all your questions and help with your concerns. You can tell he genuinely cares and wants what’s best for you and understands your situation. Staff are extremely courteous and professional. I love Cassidy, she’s the best! I highly recommend Dr. Maas for all your beauty needs. R.I. Hair Restoration At The Maas Clinic Rediscover confidence through advanced hair restoration at The Maas Clinic. Dr. Maas offers personalized solutions tailored to your concerns, with options such as hair transplants, NeoGraft, facial hair restoration, and PRP treatment to restore a fuller, more vibrant head of hair. View All Hair Procedures Hair Transplant For Men Hair Transplant For Women NeoGraft Beard + Mustache Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Injectable Treatments At The Maas Clinic Revitalize your appearance through expertly administered injectable treatments at The Maas Clinic. Dr. Corey S. Maas utilizes a variety of dermal fillers and neurotoxins, such as Botox and Dysport, to enhance your natural beauty and achieve youthful, harmonious results. From addressing wrinkles and fine lines to non-surgical facelifts, rhinoplasty, lip augmentation, and jawline contouring, our comprehensive approach ensures personalized, stunning outcomes tailored to your unique features. Explore the transformative possibilities of injectables with Dr. Maas. View all Injectable Treatments Dermal Fillers Wrinkle Relaxers Non-Surgical Facelift Non-Surgical Rhinoplasty Lip Augmentation Jawline Contouring Beauty Buys & Events Take a look at our beauty specials and promotions. Our Promotions Appearance Care Center Non-Surgical Aesthetics Services At the Appearance Care Center in San Francisco, we use advanced skincare, dedicated to total face and body rejuvenation 2408 Clay Street San Francisco, CA 94115 Call The MAAS Clinic on the phone at (415) 567-7200 Visit Appearance Care Center Website All Your Aesthetic Needs The Research Center FDA and Non-FDA Clinical Trials Dr. Maas maintains an active role in evaluating emerging technologies by regularly participating in clinical trials. 2410 Clay Street San Francisco, CA 94115 (415) 567-7200 More About Clinical Research The San Francisco Rejuvenation Center Accredited Ambulatory Outpatient Surgery Center The San Francisco Rejuvenation CenterTM provides patients the best experience available today for aesthetic and reconstructive surgery. 2402 Clay Street San Francisco, CA 94115 Call The MAAS Clinic on the phone at (415) 567-7000 Visit Rejuvenation Center Website Join The Community on Instagram @maasclinic Traveling Patients Our Concierge Services For our traveling patients, The Maas Clinic offers concierge service that ensures a seamless and comfortable experience before, during, and after your procedure. Trust us to prioritize your well-being while you embark on your transformative journey. Explore Welcome to Excellence Providing a luxury experience & beautiful results. Schedule a Consultation Contact Us Call The MAAS Clinic on the phone at (415) 237-3433 Home About Facelift Rhinoplasty Facial Procedures Gallery Hair Injectables Skin Care Non-Surgical Resources Contact (415) 237-3433 Phone Call The MAAS Clinic on the phone at (415) 237-3433 Fax Fax The MAAS Clinic (415) 567-7011 The MAAS Clinic reviews: 5 Stars 138 Reviews (Opens in a new tab) Appearance Care Center 2408 Clay Street San Francisco, CA 94115 (opens in a new tab) The San Francisco Rejuvenation Center 2402 Clay Street San Francisco, CA 94115 (opens in a new tab) © The MAAS Clinic. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Digital Marketing & Design by Studio III Marketing (opens in a new tab) Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (415) 237-3433. Contact Us