Jigsaw Menu Close Approach Issues The Current A safer internet means a safer world Jigsaw is a unit within Google that explores threats to open societies, and builds technology that inspires scalable solutions. ↓ ↓ Upholding technology as a force for good We look for high-impact interventions, where focusing on helping a specific group of people—journalists, civil society, or activists, for example—makes the internet and society stronger and safer for everyone. Our focus areas address some of the most complex challenges facing open societies. Disinformation As disinformation campaigns become more sophisticated, we’re building new technology to strengthen our collective defenses. Learn more → → Censorship Most of the world experiences some form of online censorship. We’re building and scaling tools to enable people to participate in the open internet. Learn more → → Toxicity Toxic language online silences important voices. We’re exploring how machine learning can reduce toxicity online and create more space for healthy conversation. Learn more → → Violent Extremism We study how violent extremist groups use technology, and how to thwart their online recruiting process. Learn more → → Our Approach We forecast emerging threats and explore how technology can protect individuals and societies. Learn more → → A publication for today’s digital challenges and solutions The Current is a publication from Jigsaw that examines the role of technology and individuals in countering some of the most challenging threats to open societies. Issue 004 Issue 004 The Internet Shutdowns Issue Over the last decade, the frequency, severity and duration of state-imposed internet shutdowns has been fast accelerating. This issue outlines the tactics authoritarian governments have used to impose internet shutdowns, explores the many consequences they hold, and details the tools and movements that are working to secure a free and open future for the internet. Explore the issue → → Issue 003 Issue 003 The Toxicity Issue Our third issue looks at the rise of toxic language on the internet, and the chilling effect that toxicity has on free expression and community. We'll examine how artificial intelligence can help publishers and platforms host better conversations, and create more space online for people to exchange ideas. Explore the issue → → Issue 002 Issue 002 The Violent White Supremacy Issue Our second issue explores the contemporary face of violent white supremacist movements. Through first-person interviews and quantitative analysis, The Current examines global trends in terrorist attacks and what can be done to thwart this growing threat. Explore the issue → → Issue 001 Issue 001 The DisinformationIssue Our first issue explores how disinformation campaigns work. These campaigns are becoming more sophisticated, but so are the countermeasures. Discover how researchers and technologists are finding new ways to expose these campaigns and fight back. Explore the issue → → ❮ ❯ By signing up, I agree to receive notifications regarding Jigsaw's publication The Current and other Jigsaw updates. I understand that the Google Privacy Policy sets out how my data is handled. → Thanks for subscribing Something went wrong. Please try again later. Approach Issues The Current 2023 © All rights reserved A Google company - Privacy - Terms