Home | The Canadian Encyclopedia topics People Arts & Culture Business & Economics Communities & Sociology Education History/Historical Figures Military Nature & Geography Politics & Law Science & Technology Sports & Recreation Places Arts & Culture Buildings & Monuments Cities & Populated Places Geographical features Historic sites Military Parks & Nature Reserves Provinces & Territories Transportation Things Arts & Culture Business & Economics Communities & Sociology Education History Military Nature & Geography Politics & Law Science & Technology Sports & Recreation Collections All Collections The Memory Project Canada During Covid Explore the Black History in Canada collection Educators Education Guides Primary Sources Interactive Resources The Challenge Explore the Citizenship Challenge collection Timelines All Timelines People Places Things Explore the Black History timeline Quizzes Quizzes The Challenge Black History in Canada Sign in Help Donate fr Search The Canadian Encyclopedia Enter your search term Login Remember me I forgot my password or Login With Facebook Login With X Why sign up? Signing up enhances your TCE experience with the ability to save items to your personal reading list, and access the interactive map. Create Account Article No. 2 Construction Battalion On 5 July 1916, the Department of Defence and Militia authorized the formation of No. 2 Construction Battalion. It was the largest Black unit in Canad... Read more Article Dionne Brand Article Angela James Article Sam Langford Article Black Cross Nurses in Canada In politics, in the arts, in military service and in business, Afro-Canadians have made inestimable contributions to our province and our country – all during times characterized by pervasive racism. And these great Canadians not only endured, but they succeeded. The honourable Dr. Donald Oliver, senator, lawyer, businessman. Today in Canadian History Mar 5 quiz Black History in Canada Take this Quiz timeline Black History Black history refers to the stories, experiences, and accomplishments of people of African origin. Black history did not begin in recent times in Canada, but in ancient times in Africa. People connected by their common African history and ancestry have created Black history here. The African-Canadian population is made up of individuals from a range of places across the globe including the United States, South America, the Caribbean, Europe, Africa, and Canada. Explore the Timeline Education Guide Black History in Canada Education Guide View resource Educator Resources Find resources for teachers and students here. Find resources Latest Article Aaju Peter Article M113 Armoured Personnel Carrier Article Jewish Food in Canada Article Édouard Montpetit Updates? Omissions? Article suggestions? We want to hear from you Did you like your experience? Take our survey We have 61 709 images We have 25 321 articles We have 62 collections We have 4 172 primary sources We have 41 quizzes We have 72 timelines We have 83 studyguides We have 5 145 authors Follow us elsewhere Twitter Facebook Youtube About Contribute Contact Sitemap privacy policy accessibility The Canadian Encyclopedia © 2024 | Historica Canada Historica Canada Citizenship challenge Heritage minutes The memory project Suggest an Edit