Home | ACTFL Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to main Go to homepage About Store Community Convention & Expo Join ACTFL Sign in Search Search the site: × Clear keywords Search Menu Search × Clear keywords Search About ACTFL Research ACTFL Assessments Membership Educator Resources Professional Learning Publications Career Development The Language Connects Foundation ACTFL Central News Info for: Government & Industry Back to main menu About ACTFL Contact Us ACTFL Strategic Plan Board of Directors History Committees Advocacy Back to main menu Research Research Briefs Research Findings Research Priorities & Grants Back to main menu ACTFL Assessments ACTFL Assessments are recognized as the gold standard. ACTFL proficiency tests are used worldwide by academic institutions, government agencies, and private corporations. K-12 Assessments Postsecondary Assessments Quality Control of ACTFL Assessments Test Administration & Delivery Tester & Rater Certifications Request an Assessment - New Language Form Back to main menu Membership Join Now Renew/Reinstate Membership Member-Get-a-Member Campaign Special Interest Groups (SIGs) Organizational Members Volunteer Back to main menu Educator Resources Use our Educator Resources to guide your curriculum, instruction, and assessment. World Readiness Standards Roadmap to guide learners to develop competence to communicate effectively. Purchase the Standards ACTFL Performance Descriptors A roadmap for what learners should be able to do as they learn a language. Can-Do Statements Set goals and chart progress towards language and intercultural proficiency. Guiding Principles for Language Learning Get guidance and discover what is effective in language learning. Position Statements What the Research Shows ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines 2012 Explore real-world spontaneous situations by skill or level. Resources by Topic Find resources to improve your practice around a variety of important issues. Addressing Tragedy and Trauma, Mental Health, and Social Emotional Learning (SEL) Affinity Groups Crisis in Ukraine Race, Diversity, & Social Justice Teaching & Learning Remotely Back to main menu Professional Learning Events and Deadlines Individual Workshops Institutional Workshops Tester & Rater Certifications Program Review Services Online Learning Digital Micro-Learning Series Facilitators-in-Training Webinar Series Back to main menu Publications Foreign Language Annals The Language Educator Magazine TLE Sample Articles ACTFL SmartBrief Store Publish with ACTFL Advertise with Us Back to main menu Career Development Facilitators-in-Training Mentoring Program Volunteer Leadership Initiative for Language Learning (LILL) ACTFL Awards ACTFL Professional Awards Teacher of the Year Program Find a job Internship & Scholars Program Tester & Rater Certifications Scholarships & Grants Back to main menu The Language Connects Foundation Join ACTFL About Store Community Convention & Expo Join ACTFL today. Support your profession: advance your career We are a broad group of world language educators, researchers, and supporters who are passionate about language learning and dedicate their lives to making the world better through language. You are a professional. ACTFL is your professional home. Welcome. Join Now Renew Your Membership ACTFL Annual Convention and World Languages Expo Get ready to join ACTFL in Philly for 2024 About the ACTFL24 Convention ACTFL Assessments ACTFL assessments are used worldwide by academic institutions, government agencies and private corporations for purposes such as: academic placement, student assessment, program evaluation, professional certification, hiring, and promotional qualification. Learn more about all assessments K-12 assessments Race, Diversity, and Social Justice ACTFL is committed to DEI and ensuring that language is for everyone. View DEI Resources Inspire Future Educators and Learners The Language Connects Foundation (LCF) is a national philanthropic endeavor created in partnership with parent organization ACTFL to uplift language educators and champion language education. LCF's work helps ensure a diverse, well-prepared, and highly skilled language educator workforce for generations to come. Language Connects Foundation Toggle Pause/Play Previous Join ACTFL Convention ACTFL Assessments ACTFL and DEI Language Connects Foundation Next Getting Started I am... Language Educator Researcher Program Administrator Job seeker Government agency/Industry looking for... Submit Enhancing and expanding multilingual and multicultural education worldwide ACTFL is an individual membership organization of thousands of language educators and administrators from elementary through graduate education, as well as government and industry. About ACTFL What's coming up at ACTFL? Browse the latest events and deadlines. Respect and Recognition What can you get from being an ACTFL member? ACTFL empowers educators and helps them develop critical skills and competencies Powering the future of language education ACTFL’s resources, backed by sound research and decades of experience ensure you have the tools to deliver successful instruction. Assessments Learn why ACTFL assessments are considered the gold standard for assessing performance and proficiency by institutions, companies, and governments. Educator Resources Explore ACTFL’s Proficiency Guidelines, Can-Do Statements, and more to help guide your strategy and practice. Access ACTFL Publications Read The Language Educator (TLE), Foreign Language Annals (FLA), and ACTFL books to get timely information on WL education trends and technology. Professional Development ACTFL offers a variety of methods to advance professional development to help you, your school or district succeed. Certifications ACTFL offers a variety of training and certification programs designed to meet the needs of world language educators, researchers, and administrators. Workshops, Online Demand Learning and Webinars Find a variety of on-demand learning, workshops, and webinars delivering the latest training to you, your department, or your school district. Career Development Mentoring, volunteering, and many other programs to support your career journey. From new teachers to seasoned professionals, we’re here for you. Language education provides tangible benefits. The research proves it. Did you know that language learning boosts academic achievement, provides cognitive benefits and promotes positive attitudes and beliefs about other languages and cultures? See what the research says. Academic Achievement Share Language learning correlates with higher academic achievement Read More Skill Transfer Share Language learners transfer skills from one language to another Research Findings Test Scores Share Language study results in higher SAT and ACT scores Research Findings Language Brokering Share Translating for family improves academic performance and self-efficacy Research Findings Socioeconomics Share Language learning can benefit all students Research Findings ACTFLearn Central On-demand Courses Your gateway to online on-demand professional development courses What's your path? Find out here! Log in to access your courses Publications ACTFL Publications Cover the Profession ACTFL’s publications elevate understanding and support for the value of language learning at all levels of instruction. The Language Educator Foreign Language Annals Go to homepage 1001 N. Fairfax Street, Suite 200 Alexandria, VA 22314 Phone: (703) 894-2900 Contact Us About News Advertisers Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube Pinterest Instagram Copyright © 2024 ACTFL Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to improve your experience. View Cookie Policy Close × Back to top