National Archives | Top Skip to main content The U.S. National Archives Home Blogs · Bookmark/Share · Contact Us Search Search Research Our RecordsExplore our nation’s history through our documents, photos, and records. Veterans’ Service RecordsRequest military records and learn about other services for yourself or a family member. Educator ResourcesFind primary sources, tools for teaching with documents, and student and educator programs. Visit UsPlan a trip to the Museum, to one of the Presidential Libraries, or to conduct research. America’s Founding DocumentsThe Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights. National Archives Building Designated National Historic Landmark Archives News Women’s History Month Irish American Heritage Month National Archives and Arlington National Cemetery host discussion on Freedman’s Village More News… Upcoming Events… Archives.gov Information For… Citizen Archivists Federal Employees Genealogists Members of Congress Preservation Records Managers The Press Publications Today's Federal Register Prologue Magazine Subscribe to Email Newsletters All Publications Orgs. & Offices Center for Legislative Archives Federal Records Center Office of the Federal Register Office of the Inspector General Presidential Libraries Staff Directory About Us What is the National Archives? National Archives by the Numbers Doing Business with Us Plans and Reports Open Government Our Plain Language Activities I Want To… Get My Military Record Plan a Research Visit Visit the Museum View Online Exhibits Apply for a Grant Research Presidential Records Participate Attend an Event Donate to the Archives Work at the Archives Volunteer at the Archives Resources A-Z Index America's Founding Docs Contact Us En Español FAQs Forms Shop Online Visit the National Archives Store Buy Reproductions and Microfilm Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr YouTube Blogs Flickr Contact Us · Accessibility · Privacy Policy · Freedom of Information Act · No FEAR Act · USA.gov The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration 1-86-NARA-NARA or 1-866-272-6272 Top