PyCon US 2024 - PyCon US 2024 Home About PyCon US What is PyCon US? Diversity Code of Conduct Health & Safety Guidelines Python Software Foundation About Donate to the PSF Sponsorship Why Sponsor? Sponsors Speaking at PyCon US Proposal Guidelines Proposing a Talk Proposing a Tutorial Proposing a Charla Proposing a Poster Proposal Mentorship Attend PyCon US Registration Information PyCon US Online Venue and Hotels Travel Grants Travel Grants FAQ Expo Hall Expo Hall Job Fair Opening Reception Startup Row Community Booths Events PyLadies Auction Hatchery Program Packaging Summit Education Summit PyLadies Luncheon Newcomer Orientation Open Spaces Development Sprints Lightning Talks Maintainers Summit Mentored Sprints for Diverse Beginners Language Summit WebAssembly Summit Schedule Tutorials (Wed. and Thurs.) Sponsor Presentations (Thursday) Talks (Friday - Sunday) Posters (Sunday) Keynote Speakers Overview All About Pittsburgh Traveling to Pittsburgh Local Recommendations Public Transit in Pittsburgh By the community, for the community View Schedule Register Now! Blog Menu Blog Menu Translations available: español Presenting PyCon US 2024! May 15 - May 23, 2024 - Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Conference breakdown:Tutorials: May 15 - 16, 2024Main Conference and Online: May 17 - 19, 2024Job Fair: May 19, 2024Sprints: May 20 - May 23, 2024 After two years of PyCon US in Salt Lake City, we are so excited to welcome our community to our new host city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Mark your calendars and be sure to read the About PyCon US page for all the details. We can’t wait to see you all at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center!Registration for PyCon US 2024 - NOW OPEN! Register Now! Register today to join us online or in-person in Pittsburgh, PA! Early bird discounts are available for the first 30 days of registration and will close on January 13, 2024. Head to the Registration Information page to get all the information and learn how to register. PyCon US continues to keep the safety of our community as our top priority and wants PyCon US to be an event that everyone feels safe attending. With that in mind, PyCon US 2024 will have Health and Safety Guidelines in place again this year and will be mandating masks at this year’s event. For full details, read the PyCon US 2024 Health & Safety Guidelines here. Be sure to check back here for updates on the PyCon US 2024 schedule and the opening of Tutorial, Summit and Sponsor Presentation registration in 2024. As we work to finalize our plans, we will keep you informed with updates on the exciting developments. In the meantime, our staff and volunteers are working to bring you a fun, energizing event filled with networking, tutorials, in-person collaboration, social events, and so much more!To stay informed on details and announcements be sure to create an account here on this website and opt-in to receive PyCon US News. Also, follow us on Twitter and Mastodon and subscribe to the PyCon US Blog. Mastodon The PyCon US 2024 conference in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA is a production of the Python Software Foundation. This site is built using Django and Wagtail. PyCon US 2024 illustration and design by Anastasia B and Kyryl Ko of Awesomic Inc, Coordinated by Georgi K. Site design implemented by Kabu Creative. Need help? Click here to find the correct person to contact. Privacy and Data policy.