BERG This website is now archived. To find out what BERG did next, go to www.bergcloud.com. Work Studio Blog Contact Berg BERG is a design consultancy, working hands-on with companies to research and develop their technologies and strategy, primarily by finding opportunities in networks and physical things. previous next Touch Exploring the shapes and forms of the readable volumes of RFID fields, and the magic of proximity-based interaction. previous next Michel Thomas The Michel Thomas app features a unique interface for a unique language-learning methodology. previous next Here & There Here & There is a project by BERG exploring speculative projections of dense cities. These maps of Manhattan look uptown from 3rd and 7th, and downtown from 3rd and 35th. They're intended to be seen at those same places, putting the viewer simultaneously above the city and in it where she stands, both looking down and looking forward. Prints from a limited run are available for purchase. previous next The Incidental The Incidental is a socially-constructed map, newspaper and souvenir. A feedback loop made out of paper and human interactions - timebound, situated and circulating in a place, reprinted every night. previous next Shuu.sh Shuush is an experimental Web toy by BERG. previous next Schooloscope Schooloscope turns official government data about schools into easy-to-read English, and smiling faces. previous next Shownar Shownar tracks online buzz around BBC TV and radio programmes, highlighting shows that are surprisingly popular, and conversations on blogs and Twitter. previous next Making Future Magic BERG was commissioned by Dentsu London, the creative communications agency, to explore the theme of 'Making Future Magic'. previous next Media Surfaces: The Journey The Journey is the second part of our exploration of Media surfaces with ‘Media Surfaces’ – this time looking at the panoply of screens and media surfaces on journeys, and the opportunities that could come from looking at them slightly differently. previous next Hello Little Printer, available 2012 Little Printer lives in your home, bringing you news, puzzles and gossip from your friends. Use your smartphone to set up subscriptions and Little Printer will gather them together to create a timely, beautiful mini-newspaper. previous next Suwappu Dentsu London are developing an original product called Suwappu. Suwappu are woodland creatures that swap pants, toys that come to life in augmented reality. previous next Mag+ Mag+ is an approach for bringing paper magazines to digital media, with a special focus on touchscreen tablets. previous next Media Surfaces: Incidental Media Media Surfaces explores a universe next door in which media travels freely onto familiar surfaces in everyday life. This film is a collaboration with Dentsu London. previous next Dimensions: How Big Really With the BBC, BERG created howbigreally.com, which takes historically or culturally important events (like the 2010 Pakistan floods), and makes them human-scale by putting them over a map of your neighbourhood. previous next Clocks "Clocks" is a speculation on the coming robot-readable world where the technology of computer vision is widespread. It acts as dynamic signage for computers. It is an object that signals both time and place to artificial eyes. previous next Olinda Olinda is a prototype digital radio that has your social network built in, showing you the stations your friends are listening to. It’s customisable with modular hardware, and aims to provoke discussion on the future and design of radios for the home. Blog latest We’re moving! SVK shutting up shop sale! Week 432 Week 431 week 430 BERG Est 2005. This is week 978. BERG 25 City Road London EC1Y 1AA Map info@berglondon.com Latest Work Hello Little Printer, available 2012 Dimensions: How Many Really Clocks Shuu.sh SVK All projects Berg LtdRegistered in England and Wales, no. 5467952.VAT: 863761204.