Home | IISD Earth Negotiations Bulletin Skip to main content Menu Archives Topics Negotiations Participants Articles Click to open the search form Search the site Search Cancel Search Get updates About Support Event 19 February 2024 9:00am UNEA-6 and OECPR-6 Under the theme “Effective, inclusive and sustainable multilateral actions to tackle climate change, biodiversity loss and pollution,” delegates adopted 15 resolutions, two decisions, and a Ministerial Declaration, covering topics including the highly hazardous pesticides, sustainable lifestyles, sand and dust storms, and environmental recovery in areas affected by armed conflict. Read more Recently finished UN Science-Policy-Business Forum on the Environment Special Sessions at UNEA-6 The United Nations Science-Policy-Business Forum on the Environment (UN-SPBF) convened a day-long Special Session at UNEA-6. Event 27 February 2024 9:00am UN Plastics Treaty: Reuse - a Climate and Plastic Solution Speakers during this side event discussed opportunities and challenges for promoting reuse systems, which can lead to a 90% reduction in packaging production and significant CO2 emissions reductions. Event 26 February 2024 6:30pm Beyond GDP through Inclusive Wealth | Tackling the planetary crisis better Speakers discussed lessons learned from developing inclusive and comprehensive wealth measures and their relevance for policymaking with a focus on natural capital and its links to human and produced capitals. Event 26 February 2024 2:00pm Global Major Groups and Stakeholders Forum (GMGSF) at UNEA-6 Serving as the prep meeting for major groups and stakeholders attending the UN Environment Assembly, talks will be organized around the UNEA-6 theme of “Effective, inclusive and sustainable multilateral actions to tackle climate change, biodiversity loss and pollution. Event 24 February 2024 9:00am 10-Year Framework of Programmes for Sustainable Consumption and Production (10YFP SCP) Board and SCP Partners Meeting The one-day meeting will serve as a platform for highlighting experiences in the implementation of sustainable consumption and production as well as circular economy approaches, tools, and/or initiatives developed by the 10YFP and its partners. Event 24 February 2024 9:00am UNEA-6 and OECPR-6 Under the theme “Effective, inclusive and sustainable multilateral actions to tackle climate change, biodiversity loss and pollution,” delegates adopted 15 resolutions, two decisions, and a Ministerial Declaration, covering topics including the highly hazardous pesticides, sustainable lifestyles, sand and dust storms, and environmental recovery in areas affected by armed conflict. Event 19 February 2024 9:00am Public-Private Partnership Event for the Community Development and Knowledge Management Programme for the Satoyama Initiative (COMDEKS Phase 4) As the COMDEKS programme enters its fourth phase in supporting local communities to both develop and live in harmony with nature, it is sharing best practices illustrating the programme's success and its outlook on the future. Event 13 February 2024 9:00am 14th Meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS COP 14) From the launch of the first State of the World’s Migratory Species report, to a resolution on deep-sea mining, and updated guidelines on light pollution, ecotourism, and community involvement in conservation, the first Conference of the Parties in Central Asia effectively tackled many challenges in the conservation of migratory species. Conference of the Parties (COP) 11 February 2024 9:00am Upcoming events Blue Leaders High-Level Event on Biodiversity Beyond National Jurisdiction This one day event aims to spur on countries' ratification of the new treaty for the conservation and sustainable use of marine biological diversity of areas beyond national jurisdiction (BBNJ). Event 7 March 2024 1st Part of the 29th Annual Session of the International Seabed Authority For the first time, International Seabed Authority talks will discuss a consolidated text of the draft deep-sea mineral exploitation regulations. Event 18 March 2024 - 29 March 2024 15th Meeting of the Monaco Blue Initiative The meeting will give Ocean advocates a chance to discuss recent negotiation wins and developments in treaty talks still underway as well as promote solutions that can reconcile the protection of the Ocean with the development of a sustainable blue economy. Event 18 March 2024 We are Earth Negotiations Bulletin The Earth Negotiations Bulletin (ENB) is a balanced, timely and independent reporting service on United Nations environment and development negotiations. It is the flagship publication of the International Institute for Sustainable Development. IISD is a non-profit organization based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Many UN delegates, ministers and other governmental officials, NGOs, the business community, the academic community, the media and UN staff who track environment and sustainable development policy consider the Earth Negotiations Bulletin to be essential reading. The Bulletin has received high praise for its objective and comprehensive presentation of the facts. More about us Support us Get updates Follow us: Footer Menu IISD SDG Knowledge Hub Earth Negotiations Bulletin is a division of the International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD). © 1992-2023, IISD. All rights reserved. Designed and built by Soapbox.