Home page | Butterfly Conservation Skip to main content Menu Search Secondary menu Join Donate Identify Main navigation Butterflies Moths How you can help Our work News and Blog In your area Events Butterfly Magazine Join the dark side! Many moths need darkness to thrive, but each year, the night sky gets lighter. Find out how you can dim the dangers of light pollution for our moths. Get involved now Butterflies and moths are sensitive indicators of the health of our environment. Find out how you can help them. What's going on in your area Events and activities for all of the family run by Butterfly Conservation branches and partners. Join Butterfly Conservation Butterflies and moths are among the most threatened groups of wildlife in the UK. Without your support, we cannot continue our vital work to protect them. Discover and Learn portal Discover the wonderful world of butterflies and moths with us. Learn all about their amazing lives, access our curriculum based resources, find out how you can help or simply have fun with our activities and connect with nature. Make a Space for Nature Since 1945 the UK has lost 98% of its meadows. This habitat loss along with climate change means that our butterflies and moths are in severe decline. But... it doesn’t have to be this way. We are embarking on a campaign to transform the UK into a butterfly and moth-friendly haven and we need you to help. The State of the UK's Butterflies 2022 Report Now Available The report has revealed the alarming news that 80% of butterflies in the UK have declined since the 1970s. How You Can Help If you want to help us save butterflies and moths in the UK, there are lots of ways to contribute! Learn more about butterflies and moths Identify Spotted a butterfly but not sure what it is? Our handy identification section will help you find out. The Last Generation 80% of butterflies have declined in abundance or distribution since 1976. We may be the last generation to enjoy butterflies and moths in abundance. Reserves Volunteers in our Branches manage over 30 Nature Reserves - all havens for butterflies, moths and other wildlife. Why not visit one near you? Free e-news Stay up to date with our latest conservation news, gardening blogs, offers and more. Company limited by guarantee, registered in England (2206468). VAT No. GB 991 2771 89 Registered Office: Manor Yard, East Lulworth, Wareham, Dorset, BH20 5QP Tel: 01929 400 209Email: [email protected]Charity registered: England & Wales (254937). Scotland (SC039268) Website design & development by Headscape Footer - about us Footer Email newsletter About us Contact Jobs Communications Office Legal Privacy and cookies Returns Policy Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram