Home - Courts and Tribunals Judiciary Skip to main content Search Search site Search on Courts and Tribunals Judiciary Search Menu About the judiciary The justice system Who are the judiciary? History of the judiciary in England and Wales Diversity Judicial careers Training and support International Judiciary and Data Protection: privacy notice Courts & Tribunals Administrative Court Admiralty Court Business and Property Courts Chancery Division Chancery Division Lists Circuit Commercial Courts Commercial Court Coroners’ Courts County Court Court of Appeal Court of Protection Crown Court Employment Appeal Tribunal Employment Tribunals (England and Wales) Employment Tribunals (Scotland) Family Division and Family Court First-tier Tribunal General Regulatory Chamber Health, Education and Social Care Chamber High Court Insolvency and Companies List Intellectual Property List King’s Bench Civil List King’s Bench Division Magistrates’ courts Patents Court Planning Court Property Chamber Senior Courts Costs Office Social Entitlement Chamber Technology and Construction Court Tribunals UK Supreme Court Upper Tribunal Upper Tribunal Administrative Appeals Chamber Upper Tribunal Immigration and Asylum Chamber Upper Tribunal Lands Chamber Upper Tribunal Tax and Chancery Chamber War Pensions and Armed Forces Compensation Chamber Judgments & sentencing remarks News & updates Guidance & resources Twitter Instagram Facebook Who are the Judiciary? Independence Impartiality Integrity The judiciary is made up of judges, magistrates, tribunal members, and coroners. Together, they uphold the rule of law. Judges and other members of the judiciary oversee cases, in different types of courts and tribunals and in different areas of law across the country. Find out more Find out more Business and Property Courts Specialist courts which decide business, commercial, property and other chancery disputes and technology and construction disputes, both domestic and international. Court of Appeal The Court of Appeal deals exclusively with people challenging the decisions made by other courts or tribunals. It has two divisions, Criminal and Civil (the latter also hears family appeals). High Court The High Court hears the most serious administrative, civil and family cases. It has three divisions – King’s Bench, Family and Chancery. Tribunals The Tribunals are specialist judicial bodies whose judges and members hear a wide range of cases, such as tax, employment, and immigration and asylum. The Upper Tribunal and Employment Appeal Tribunal hear appeals challenging some tribunal decisions. See more courts and tribunals Magistrates’ courts Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace as they are also known, are trained, volunteer members of the local community who make decisions in criminal and family cases in Magistrates’ courts and the Family Court. The most complex cases in Magistrates’ courts are heard by District Judges who are legally qualified specialists. Coroners’ courts Coroners investigate certain deaths which are deemed to be unnatural, violent, or where the cause is unknown. Popular links Family Justice Council Civil Justice Council Appointments and retirements Court of Appeal live hearings Latest news March 1, 2024 Launch of the Disclosure of Information between Family and Criminal Agencies and Jurisdictions: 2024 Protocol New Protocol comes into effect from 1 March 2024 February 23, 2024 Open now: Judicial Assistants in the Court of Appeal (Civil Division) Deadline for applications is at 11.55pm on Monday 11 March 2024 February 20, 2024 New Chief Executive of the Judicial Office appointed The Lady Chief Justice announces the appointment of new Chief Executive of the Judicial Office February 5, 2024 Judicial expenses Expenses are incurred as part of usual judicial business, this may include expenses for business travel, meals and hotels See more news Help and information Accessibility Statement Contacts Cookies Copyright Data Privacy Notices Terms and conditions Related Bodies Judicial Office Judicial Conduct Investigations Office Judicial Appointments Commission Representative bodies Sentencing Council Follow Facebook Instagram Twitter Sign up for email alerts Enter your email address for email alerts © Copyright Judiciary 2024