Home - Design Museum Menu Design Museum Logo Design Museum Logo. Welcome to the Design Museum Located in London, the world's leading museum devoted to contemporary design in every form. Plan your visit, become a member, donate or visit the online shop. Opens 5 July Tickets Now on Sale Barbie®: The Exhibition A major exhibition exploring the design evolution of one of the world’s most famous dolls: Barbie. Barbie: Book now Opens 29 March Tickets Now on Sale Enzo Mari Curated by Hans Ulrich Obrist with Francesca Giacomelli. This major exhibition will celebrate the life and work of one of the greatest Italian designers of the 20th century, Enzo Mari, whose designs have inspired generations of creatives around the world. In partnership with Triennale Milano. Enzo Mari: Book now Book now: Until 2 June Open Skate Sessions available Skateboard Discover the design evolution of the skateboard from the 1950s to today – a story of design, performance and communities progressing together. The exhibition is also host to a skateboard ramp – skaters can book an Open Skate session + exhibition ticket combined. Sponsored by Converse. Skateboard: Book now Don't miss: Until 10 March Free Display How to Build a Low-Carbon Home How can we design our homes to respond to the climate emergency? Discover how architects are reimagining wood, stone and straw to design homes fit for the future. Plan your visit MEMBERS GO FREE Join today Get closer with membership Our members enjoy free entry to all exhibitions, exclusive events, discounts in the shop and cafe. Become a member Until August Free Display Future Observatory A free display dedicated to design research on the environmental crisis curated by Future Observatory, the museum’s national research programme for the green transition. Plan your visit Until 15 April Free Display The Ralph Saltzman Prize A new free display showcasing the work of The Ralph Saltzman Prize 2024 winner, Attua Aparicio. Plan your visit Permanent Collection Free Display Designer Maker User Explore part of the museum’s collection in this free display presenting modern designs through these three interconnected roles. Great for families, school groups and design lovers. Plan your visit Book now Learning and events programme Events and workshops Get creative: join our hands-on learning workshops for adults and young people or inspiring talks and film screenings. All events: Find out more Eat & drink the Design Kitchen Enjoy delicious, ethically sourced drinks and snacks in our new space designed by Matthew Williamson with stunning views to Holland Park. the Design Kitchen: Plan your visit Take design home The Design Museum Shop Looking for design inspiration and gifts? Visit our three shops or buy online. The Design Museum Shop: Buy Online Planning a Wedding, Summer Party or Business Training? Venue Hire Support the museum by hiring our spaces for your business events, breakfasts, dinners, drinks or wedding reception. Plan your next event with us Applications Open POSTGRADUATE PROGRAMME MA Curating Contemporary Design Did you know that we offer a Master's programme in Curating Contemporary Design in partnership with Kingston University? Learn more about the course and how to apply. MA Course: Find out more Address the Design Museum 224 – 238 Kensington High Street London W8 6AG Getting here Opening Hours The museum is open every day including bank holidays. 10:00 – 17:00 Monday to Thursday 10:00 – 18:00 Friday to Sunday IMPORTANT NOTICE The Design Kitchen will be closed to the public on Thursday 14 March but the Design Cafe located on the ground floor will remain open. The Design Museum building will be closed to the public on the following dates: • Wednesday 6 March 2024 all day • Thursday 16 May 2024 all day • Saturday 29 June 2024 afternoon (early closure at 14:00) The museum's high street shop located outside the main building will remain open from 10:00 to 17:00. Apologies for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding. . Plan Your Visit here See What's On Pre-booking is recommended for paid exhibitions The collection display Designer Maker User is open daily until 17:00 and is free to visit, no pre-booking needed. The gallery starts closing at 16:45. . SHOPS High Street Shop 10:00 – 17:00 Monday to Thursday 10:00 – 18:00 Friday to Sunday Atrium Shop 10:00 – 17:00 Monday to Thursday 10:00 – 18:00 Friday to Sunday Gallery Shop Accessible for Gallery 1 (Ground floor) exhibition ticket holders from 29 March until 8 September. Opening hours follow the exhibition's opening hours. For more information visit designmuseumshop.com Plan your visit Sign up to our newsletters Be the first to hear our latest news. Sign up to our newsletters Buy advance tickets Become a member Donate to the Museum Volunteer Subscribe to newsletter Close Get closer to design Sign up to our newsletter to be the first to know about new exhibitions, events, courses, access tours and more. Sign up now Home Visit and do What's on Plan your visit Exhibitions and displays Events and workshops Eat & Drink Design Museum Shop Access information Calendar Exhibitions Current exhibitions Future exhibitions Touring exhibitions Past exhibitions Learning and research Learning at the museum Schools and Colleges MA Curating Contemporary Design Research Future Observatory Publishing Designs and designers Membership and support Become a Member Design Circle Patrons’ Group Corporate Support Trusts and Foundations Thank You Donate to the museum Our international work About our international work International partnerships Consultancy services Contact and about About the museum Press office Contact information Venue Hire Shop online buy advance tickets