Google Workspace Updates Updates This official feed from the Google Workspace team provides essential information about new features and improvements for Google Workspace customers. New enhancements in the Space Management Tool For admins: add multiple members or groups, review settings and details Monday, March 4, 2024 What’s changing We’re introducing several updates for the Space Management Tool in the Admin console, including an improved user interface and additional management capabilities: We’ve introduced several more ways to manage a single space, including: Adding multiple members and groups to a space at once Review detailed space settings Review invited members Space Management Tool for Admins provide visibility into all spaces in an organizationGroups are now included in the list of Space membersAdmins can now see detailed information regarding space settings, including those defined by space managers, who can access the space, post new messages, and more.Admins can now see detailed setting informationWho’s impactedAdminsWhy it’s importantSpaces in Google Chat are an essential part of collaboration and community building across organizations of all sizes. As such, it’s important for admins to easily view and manage their spaces to keep them productive and safe. This update makes it easier for admins to execute space management tasks and view more information about spaces.Finally, you’ll notice that we’ve aligned the look-and-feel of the interface and workflows for individual space management across Google Chat on the web and the Admin console for a more consistent experience.Getting startedImportant note: Both Super admins and Delegated admins must have Google Chat turned on for their account in the Google Chat service settings. Visit the Help Center to learn more about turning on Google Chat.Super admins: The space management tool is available by default and can be accessed in the Admin console by going to Apps > Google Workspace > Google Chat > Manage Spaces. Visit the Help Center to learn more about the Space Management Tool and managing Spaces in the Google Admin console.Delegated admins: To access the space management tool, delegated admins must also have the Manage Chat and Spaces conversation privilege.Rollout paceRapid and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) beginning on March 4, 2024AvailabilityAvailable for all Google Workspace customers using Google Chat.ResourcesGoogle Workspace Admin Help: About the Space Management ToolGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Manage spaces in the Google Admin consoleGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Admin roles for businessesGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Turn chat on or off for your organizationGoogle Workspace Updates Blog: Manage all spaces in Google Chat through the Admin ConsoleGoogle Workspace Updates Blog: Use the space management tool to bulk delete Google Chat spacesGoogle Workspace Updates Blog: Expanded actions in the Admin console space management tool Google Labels: Admin console , Google Chat , Rapid Release , Scheduled Release Smooth scrolling in Google Sheets now available on desktop Monday, March 4, 2024 What’s changingWe’re excited to announce a highly-requested feature that improves control over your scrolling experience in Google Sheets. With smooth scrolling, you can scroll to a specific part of a row or column and stop wherever you’d like within the spreadsheet. This update works with all Sheets features, such as frozen rows, hidden columns, charts, buttons, comments, on right-to-left layouts, and when you use scrollbars (instead of a mouse/trackpad). Getting started Admins: There is no admin control for this feature. End users: Use a trackpad, mouse or the scrollbar to access this update in new and existing spreadsheets. Rollout pace Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Extended rollout (potentially longer than 15 days for feature visibility) starting on March 4, 2024 Availability Available to all Google Workspace customers, Google Workspace Individual subscribers, and users with personal Google accounts Google Labels: Google Sheets , Rapid Release , Scheduled Release Google Workspace Updates Weekly Recap - March 1, 2024 Friday, March 1, 2024 3 New updatesUnless otherwise indicated, the features below are available to all Google Workspace customers, and are fully launched or in the process of rolling out. Rollouts should take no more than 15 business days to complete if launching to both Rapid and Scheduled Release at the same time. If not, each stage of rollout should take no more than 15 business days to complete.Playback improvements to videos uploaded on Google Drive We’re enabling the generation and playback of Dynamic Adaptive Streaming over HTTP (DASH) video transcodes for all new videos uploaded to Google Drive. DASH transcodes provide adaptive bitrate playback, which allows users to receive higher or lower resolution playback based on aspects like their local network quality. As a result of this change, you’ll also notice: Improvements in join time (the time it takes from clicking play to actually starting playback) A reduction in re-buffering, both in normal playback as well as during playback at higher speeds While this feature applies to all new videos uploaded to Drive, existing videos in Drive will be updated by the end of the year. | Rolling out to Rapid Release domains and Scheduled Release domains now. | Available to Google Workspace customers, Google Workspace Individual subscribers, and users with personal Google accounts. Enhancing search within the Google Drive app We’re improving Google Drive’s search experience on iOS devices (with Android coming soon) by: Simplifying how you access query filters by introducing filter categories that are accessible directly below the search bar and include filters for File Type, Owners and Last modified. Showing you relevant query filters as you type your query, enabling you to easily select a filter and saving you the time and effort of typing out the full search. Adding the option to further refine your search after reaching the search results page. These updates are available now to Google Workspace customers, Google Workspace Individual subscribers, and users with personal Google accounts using iOS devices. | We will provide an update when this is available on Android devices. | Learn more about finding files in Google Drive. Further extending long running queries within Connected Sheets Last year, we extended the timeout time from 5 minutes to 10 minutes for BigQuery and Looker. Now, the timeout time has increased to 20-30 minutes, and starting this week Connected Sheet users can view the status of a query and easily cancel it on Google Sheets. In addition to the ability to analyze data from queries that scan even larger data sets in Sheets, we hope these increased user controls give you even more oversight, especially in cases where queries might be taking a while to complete. | Rolling out to Rapid Release domains and Scheduled Release domains now. | Available to Google Workspace customers, Google Workspace Individual subscribers, and users with personal Google accounts. | Learn more about Connected Sheets for Looker and Analyze & refresh BigQuery data in Google Sheets using Connected Sheets. Previous announcementsThe announcements below were published on the Workspace Updates blog earlier this week. Please refer to the original blog posts for complete details. Now generally available: Import and convert sensitive Excel files into client-side encrypted Google Sheets You can now import and convert sensitive Excel files into Google Sheets with client-side encryption. | Available to Google Workspace Enterprise Plus, Education Plus, and Education Standard customers only. | Learn more about working with encrypted files in Sheets. Easily identify which unread threads are most relevant to you in Google Chat With multiple threads across numerous spaces, we know it can be difficult to identify which unread threads are most relevant to you. In order to provide you with more context upfront, you will now see participant avatars for unread threads in the conversation view. Without having to click to open the thread side panel, it will now be much easier to decide which threads to read and reply to. | Learn more about participant avatars for unread threads in Chat. Available in open beta: the Groups Admin role can now be provisioned for specific group types The Groups Admin role can now be assigned for security groups or non-security groups. Previously, those with the Groups Admin role had access to all groups within an organization. This change gives administrators more granular delegation of group admin responsibilities, helping limit access to the most sensitive groups to only those who absolutely need it. | Learn more about the beta for the Groups Admin role. New ways to annotate Google Docs We’re excited to announce a new feature, markups in Google Docs, which gives you more flexibility when providing feedback in a document. The new markups experience lets you add handwritten annotations to documents with a stylus or your finger when using an Android device. | Learn more about markups in Docs. Conduct direct 1:1 calls with people outside your video calling network on Google Meet mobile Earlier this year, we introduced cloud-encrypted 1:1 video calls between users in the same domain using the Meet mobile app. In the coming weeks, users from outside of your domain will be able to initiate 1:1 video calls with your users and vice versa. Admins will be able to pre-configure this functionality as on or off for their users with a new admin control. | Learn more about 1:1 calling using Google Meet mobile. Easily manage and secure your school’s accounts and mobile devices centrally in Google Admin console with the Endpoint Education Upgrade This year, we announced Endpoint Education Upgrade, which adds enterprise endpoint management features to your Google Workspace for Education edition. Using endpoint management, admins can better manage and secure the phones and tablets used across their school directly from the Admin console. | Available to Education Standard and Education Plus only. | Learn more about the Endpoint Education Upgrade. Set client-side encryption as the default mode for new emails, events, and files on mobile Admins can now set client-side encryption (CSE) to be on by default on Android and iOS for: newly drafted Gmail messages and replies, newly created Google Calendar events, and newly uploaded Google Drive files. | Available to Workspace Enterprise Plus customers only. | Learn more about client-side encryption default mode.Completed rolloutsThe features below completed their rollouts to Rapid Release domains, Scheduled Release domains, or both. Please refer to the original blog posts for additional details.Rapid Release Domains: Check in to your meeting room directly from the Google Meet green room[Weekly Recap] New way to use smart canvas in Google DocsScheduled Release Domains: Use comments & action items on your client-side encrypted Google DocsImproving the Google Calendar appointment scheduling experience with new featuresRapid and Scheduled Release Domains: Improved toolbars in the Google Docs, Sheets and Slides apps on Android devicesPin chat messages in Google MeetEasily drag and drop an image to replace the background in Google SlidesEasily identify which unread threads are most relevant to you in Google Chat (Android)For a recap of announcements in the past six months, check out What’s new in Google Workspace (recent releases). Google Labels: Google Drive , Google Sheets , Other , Weekly Recap Set client-side encryption as the default mode for new emails, events, and files on mobile Thursday, February 29, 2024 What’s changing Admins can now set client-side encryption (CSE) to be on by default on Android and iOS for: Newly drafted Gmail messages and replies Newly created Google Calendar events Newly uploaded Google Drive filesClient-side encryption in GmailAdmins can now set client-side encryption as the default mode for users on both web and mobile that regularly handle sensitive data. This allows organizations the flexibility to meet their compliance and regulatory requirements and reduce the burden on change management programs. Each new email, event and uploaded file on mobile is automatically client-side encrypted with customer managed keys meaning the user is compliant with their org’s policy from the outset. For organizations with strict regulatory or sovereignty requirements, this can help them close compliance gaps by defaulting users to the preferred mode for handling sensitive data while on the go. For more information, check out our original announcement.Getting startedAdmins: This feature will be OFF by default and can be configured at an OU level. Visit the Help Center to learn more about client-side encryption.End users: Use our Help Center to learn more about working with encrypted files in Drive, Docs, Sheets & Slides.Rollout paceRapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 29, 2024AvailabilityGoogle Workspace Assured Controls is available as an add-on to Google Workspace Enterprise Plus customers only. For more information, contact your Google account representative.ResourcesGoogle Workspace Updates: Set client-side encryption as the default mode for new emails, events, and filesGoogle Workspace Admin Help: About client-side encryptionGoogle Workspace Blog: Google Workspace expands data privacy controls to Gmail and Calendar with client-side encryptionGoogle Help: Get started with encrypted files in Drive, Docs, Sheets & SlidesCloud Blog post: Announcing Assured Controls and expanded Data Regions coverage for Google Workspace Google Labels: Admin console , Gmail , Google Calendar , Google Docs , Google Drive , Google Sheets , Google Slides , Rapid Release , Scheduled Release , Security and Compliance Easily manage and secure your school’s accounts and mobile devices centrally in Google Admin console with the Endpoint Education Upgrade Thursday, February 29, 2024 What’s changingThis year, we announced Endpoint Education Upgrade, which adds enterprise endpoint management features to your Google Workspace for Education edition. Using endpoint management, admins can better manage and secure the phones and tablets used across their school directly from the Admin console.Note that advanced endpoint management features are already included with Google Workspace for Education Standard and Plus.Who’s impactedAdminsWhy you’d use itUsing the Endpoint Education Upgrade, admins can configure a wide range of account and device management features, helping to make your organization's data more secure across your users' mobile devices, desktops, laptops, and other endpoints. For example, you can:Control what Android & iOS app can be installed on a device, who can log into it (for domain owned devices), and where it can access your data.Protect devices from loss or theft with admin rules for alerts, location tracking, access restrictions, and remote data wipes.Manage company-owned devices or set up Android work profiles, so users can safely access your school account on the go.Require stronger device passwords and more.Visit the Help Center for a complete list of endpoint management features.Getting startedAdmins: Visit our Help Center to learn more about the Endpoint Education Upgrade.Rollout paceThe Endpoint Education Upgrade will be available for purchase through your current Google Workspace for Education reseller and select channel partners on February 29, 2024. If you do not currently have a Google Workspace for Education reseller, you can find one here.AvailabilityEndpoint Education Upgrade is available by user based license or device based license (coming soon) — it is not a domain wide license. You can purchase Endpoint Education Upgrade licenses through your current Google Workspace for Education reseller and select channel partners. If you have Education Fundamentals and wish to upgrade instead of purchasing individual Endpoint Education Upgrade licenses, you can easily upgrade to Education Standard or Education Plus.ResourcesThe Keyword Blog: New Chromebooks, features and controls for educatorsGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Endpoint Education UpgradeGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Compare Google endpoint management feature setsGoogle Workspace for Education Google Labels: Google Workspace for Education , Other , Security and Compliance Conduct direct 1:1 calls with people outside your video calling network on Google Meet mobile Tuesday, February 27, 2024 What’s changingEarlier this year, we introduced cloud-encrypted 1:1 video calls between users in the same domain using the Meet mobile app. In the coming weeks, users from outside of your domain will be able to initiate 1:1 video calls with your users and vice versa. Admins will be able to pre-configure this functionality as on or off for their users with a new admin control. The timeline for this update is as follows:Admin control for restricting external calls placed directly to a user via their email: Admins will begin seeing the new control beginning today. Note that this admin setting does not apply to external calls placed to a users’ legacy account. Visit the Help Center to learn more about how to restrict legacy calls.End user availability: The external calling feature will begin rolling out to end users beginning in April.Who’s impactedAdmins and end usersWhy it matters1:1 cloud-encrypted video calling in the Meet mobile app makes it easier to connect with others by significantly reducing the need to create meeting links ahead of time. We’re expanding these 1:1 cloud-encrypted calls to allow users outside of your domain to initiate 1:1 calls, making it easier to connect with your external partners and stakeholders. However, to ensure external contact is appropriate, admins can turn this functionality on or off for their users.Getting startedAdmins: Creating meetings and calling is ON by default in Meet but can always be turned OFF. Note: 1:1 calling was launched earlier this year and you may have already turned this off. By default, users can receive calls only from contacts and other users in the organization. You can use the new admin switch to enable calls from outside your domain at the OU level. Visit the Help Center to learn more about restricting who can call users in your organization with Google Meet.Note: This setting affects only Google Meet calling, not legacy services (formerly known as Duo) or calling in Google Chat. This also does not affect the ability to join meetings. Visit the Help Center to learn more about turning Meet legacy calling on or off for your users. Note that If you have legacy calling enabled for your users, they will have access to features previously found in Duo (group calls, messages, moments, family mode, etc.) if they have not upgraded to the new Meet app. End users: Meet calls do not include legacy calling features previously found in Duo (group calls, messages, moments, family mode, knock knock) but those continue to be available if your admin has legacy calling turned on and if the person you’re interacting with is using a personal Google account.Visit the Help Center to learn how to make Meet Calls with Google Meet and to learn about the new Google Meet app. Rollout paceAdmin controlRapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Full rollout (1–3 days for feature visibility) starting on February 27, 2024End user availabilityRapid and Scheduled Release: Extended rollout (potentially longer than 15 days for feature visibility) starting on April 8, 2024AvailabilityAvailable to all Google Workspace customersResourcesGoogle Help: Learn about call & meeting encryption in Google MeetGoogle Help: Make video or voice calls with Google MeetGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Restrict who can call my organization's users with Google MeetGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Turn on Meet meetings and calls for your organizationGoogle Workspace Updates Blog: 1:1 video calling in the Google Meet mobile app is now availableGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Turn Meet legacy calling on or off for your users without impacting additional servicesGoogle Help: Learn about the new Google Meet app Google Labels: Admin console , Google Meet , Rapid Release , Scheduled Release New ways to annotate Google Docs Tuesday, February 27, 2024 What’s changingWe’re excited to announce a new feature, markups in Google Docs, which gives you more flexibility when providing feedback in a document. The new markups experience lets you add handwritten annotations to documents with a stylus or your finger when using an Android device. Markups can be useful in numerous scenarios, such as: Colleagues giving each other handwritten feedback on diagrams, charts, reports or proposals. Educators giving students feedback on their essays, reports, short stories and more. A homeowner providing ideas or updates on construction plans from their contractor. In order to add annotations, you must use an Android device. From there, you can: Enter the markups mode and annotate using pen or highlighter tools Hide/show markups Erase markups Insert suggested markups On iOS devices, you can: View a document with markups Delete markups Hide/show markups On desktop, you can: View a document with markups Delete markups Hide/show markups Getting started Admins: There is no admin control for this feature. End users: To turn on markups, open a document > select the markups tool from the contextual toolbar > draw with your finger or stylus. Visit the Help Center to learn how to use drawings & markups.Rollout pace Rapid Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 27, 2024 Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on March 11, 2024 Availability Available to all Google Workspace customers, Google Workspace Individual subscribers, and users with personal Google accounts Resources:Google Help: Learn how to use drawings & markups Google Labels: Android , Google Docs , iOS , Rapid Release Available in open beta: the Groups Admin role can now be provisioned for specific group types Monday, February 26, 2024 What’s changingThe Groups Admin role can now be assigned for security groups or non-security groups. Previously, those with the Groups Admin role had access to all groups within an organization. This change gives administrators more granular delegation of group admin responsibilities, helping limit access to the most sensitive groups to only those who absolutely need it. This feature is available in open beta, which means no additional sign-up is required to use the feature.Getting startedAdmins: You can assign a group as a security group through the Cloud Identity Groups API or the Admin Console, and then manage these groups through the Admin SDK Groups API, the Admin console, or the Cloud Identity Groups API. See our API documentation to learn how to update a Google Group to a security group. Visit the Help Center to learn more about the Groups Admin role, assigning specific admin roles, and prebuilt administrator roles.End users: There is no end user impact or action required.Rollout paceRapid and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 26, 2024AvailabilityAvailable to Google Workspace Enterprise Standard, Enterprise Plus, Education Plus, and Education Standard customersResourcesGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Assign specific admin rolesGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Control access to sensitive data with security groupsGoogle Workspace Admin Help: Prebuilt administrator rolesGoogle Workspace Updates Blog: Manage groups programmatically with the Cloud Identity Groups API betaDeveloper Documentation: REST Resource: groups Developer Documentation: Creating security groups Google Labels: Admin console , API , Beta , Groups , Rapid Release , Scheduled Release Easily identify which unread threads are most relevant to you in Google Chat Monday, February 26, 2024 What’s changing Last year, we announced that all newly created spaces in Google Chat will be in-line threaded. This streamlined user experience enables you to reply to any message and create a separate discussion isolated from the main conversation. We also introduced several updates, such as home, mentions and starred messages to help you find what you need much faster in Chat.Today, we’re continuing our enhancements across Chat by improving the in-line threaded experience in spaces. With multiple threads across numerous spaces, we know it can be difficult to identify which unread threads are most relevant to you. In order to provide you with more context upfront, you will now see participant avatars for unread threads in the conversation view. Without having to click to open the thread side panel, it will now be much easier to decide which threads to read and reply to. Who’s impacted End users Why you’d use it Being able to see the participant avatars for unread threads makes it easier to identify whether a thread is relevant to you. Getting started Admins: There is no admin control for this feature. End users: This will be ON by default. Visit the Help Center to learn how to use Google Chat. Rollout pace Web: Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 26, 2024Android:Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 26, 2024iOS:Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 26, 2024Availability Available to all Google Workspace customers, Google Workspace Individual subscribers, and users with personal Google accounts Resources Google Help: Get started with Google Chat Google Help: Learn how to use Google Chat Google Workspace Updates Blog: Streamlining the user experience in Google Chat to help you find what you need much faster Google Workspace Updates Blog: All newly created spaces in Google Chat will be in-line threaded beginning March 13, 2023 Google Workspace Updates Blog: Improving space creation in Google Chat Google Labels: Android , Google Chat , iOS , Rapid Release , Scheduled Release Now generally available: Import and convert sensitive Excel files into client-side encrypted Google Sheets Monday, February 26, 2024 What’s changingYou can now import and convert sensitive Excel files into Google Sheets with client-side encryption. When collaborating with external and internal stakeholders, you may find yourself working across both Google Sheets and Microsoft Excel. This update keeps your work moving by layering interoperability on top of the privacy benefits of client-side encryption: users are in direct control of their encryption keys and the identity service that they choose to authenticate for those keys.This feature was previously announced in August 2023 as part of an open beta.Additional details With this release: You can only import .xslx Excel file types. Additional Excel and tabular file types are not supported. During import, unsupported Excel features in Sheets will be ignored. The maximum file size is 100MB. The maximum number of cells that can be imported is 10 million. Getting startedAdmins: Client-side encryption can be enabled at the domain, OU, and Group levels (Admin console > Security > Access and data control > Client-side encryption). Visit our Help Center to learn more about client-side encryption. End users: If client-side encryption is enabled by your admin, use our Help Center to learn more about working with encrypted files in Drive, Docs, Sheets & Slides. Rollout paceRapid and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 26, 2024AvailabilityAvailable to Google Workspace Enterprise Plus, Education Plus, and Education Standard customersResourcesGoogle Workspace Admin Help: About client-side encryption Google Help: Get started with encrypted files in Drive, Docs, Sheets & SlidesGoogle Workspace Updates Blog: Stronger data security and privacy with Google Workspace Client-side encryption, GA support for Drive, Docs, Sheets, and Slides Google Labels: Google Sheets , Rapid Release , Scheduled Release , Security and Compliance    Filter by product  Accessibility Accounts Admin console Admin SDK Android API App Maker AppSheet Assistant Bet Beta BigQuery Chrome Cloud Search Contacts Currents Developer Directory Sync DLP Docs Drive for desktop Duet AI Editors Education Edition End-user G Suite G Suite for Education G Suite for Government Gemini Gmail Google Apps Script Google Calendar Google Chat Google Classroom Google Cloud Directory Sync Google Docs Google Drawings Google Drive Google Forms Google Hangouts Google Keep Google Maps Google Meet Google Meet Hardware Google Photos Google Sheets Google Sites Google Slides Google Tasks Google Vault Google Voice Google Workspace Google Workspace Add-ons Google Workspace for Education Google Workspace Marketplace Google Workspace Migrate Groups Identity iOS Jamboard Marketplace MDM Microsoft Exchange Microsoft Outlook Mobile Next 2023 Other Premier Edition Rapid Rapid Release Rapid Releases SAML Scheduled Release Security and Compliance SSO Weekly Recap What's New YouTube  Filter by date    2024 Mar Feb Jan   2023 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2022 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2021 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2020 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2019 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2018 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2017 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2016 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2015 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2014 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2013 Dec Nov Oct Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2012 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2011 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2010 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2009 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2008 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Jan   2007 Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Jul Jun May Apr Mar Feb Subscribe by feed Subscribe by email Localized Google Workspace Updates Español Français日本語Português Useful Links Join the official community for Google Workspace administrators In the Google Cloud Community, connect with Googlers and other Google Workspace admins like yourself. Participate in product discussions, check out the Community Articles, and learn tips and tricks that will make your work and life easier. Be the first to know what's happening with Google Workspace. ______________ Learn about more Google Workspace launches On the “What’s new in Google Workspace?” Help Center page, learn about new products and features launching in Google Workspace, including smaller changes that haven’t been announced on the Google Workspace Updates blog. ______________ Google Privacy Terms