Canada.Com | Homepage | Canada.ComSkip to Content Check out this week's top travel deals! Don't miss out>> Check out this week's top travel deals! Don't miss out>> SectionsSearch Search o.canada.com Perform search Canada.com User My Account Search o.canada.com Perform search Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials Contests Profile Settings Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials Contests Canada.Com | Homepage | Canada.ComAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Travel Pack your bags: Deals, news and offerings in travel Spring break is around the corner and if a tropical island isn’t doable, consider a mini water holiday closer to home. Marriott Bonvoy ’s Calgary-area hotels offer complimentary access to indoor pools or waterparks, such as: 1 hour ago Travel Nepal targets base camp ‘extravagance’ in crackdown on luxury hiking 18 hours ago Travel ‘Hands off our busty Molly Malone statue,’ says Dublin 22 hours ago Travel CELEBRATE SUNSHINE: Classic vacation awaits in Kissimmee 2 days ago Travel USA Review: Michelin-starred Swedish and Danish restaurants at pinnacle of food-first dining 3 days ago Eating & Drinking Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Travel Canada Spring 2024 Preview: The must-see Vancouver concerts, plays to catch and B.C. books to read Get your tickets: Here's a list of Metro Vancouver's top theatre, live music, book, visual arts, dance and classical events this season with Video 3 hours ago Local Arts Arts Club Theatre season to feature 11 shows across three stages Action, music and even a Cambodian rock band play the Vancouver theatre company this coming season. 13 hours ago Entertainment Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Broadway Across Canada announces new season with 7 productions for Vancouver From classics like The Lion King to Beetlejuice and Tina, Broadway Across Canada brings seven shows to Vancouver for the 2024-25 season. 23 hours ago Entertainment Cirque du Soleil brings new show ECHO to Vancouver ECHO is Cirque du Soleil's latest show and it comes to Vancouver in October. 2 days ago Entertainment Three to See Edmonton Events: Dwayne Martineau at AGA, Amy van Keeken sings and Oscar shorts Boreal Forest : Friend to the animals and wanderer through the trees Dwayne Martineau uses his considerable imagination here to present this solo sculptural photo project in the Main Hall at Art Gallery of Alberta using uncanny reflections. “My goal is to turn landscapes into portraits and feature nature on its own terms, with personality and intention. I’m trying to knock humans off the pedestal,” says Martineau of his mesmerizing work. “I want to create work that will blow the mind of some awkward kid, like I was, and pay forward some of the formative early encounters with art and science that led me on my weird path.” Come be one of the first to enjoy it! 3 days ago Music More travel canada stories > Trending ‘Hands off our busty Molly Malone statue,’ says Dublin Sarah McLachlan opens Fumbling Towards Ecstasy anniversary tour in Vancouver in May Pack your bags: Deals, news and offerings in travel Ontario ranks among top provinces to survive an apocalypse How to find a cruise excursion you’ll actually enjoy Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Travel USA Niagara Falls, N.Y., and area: Take the plunge! Like many Canadians, my typical interaction with Niagara Falls, N.Y., used to be as follows: 3 days ago Travel USA Disney World raising cheapest ticket price for first time since 2018 The new prices don't go into effect until 2025 6 days ago Money News Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. At Florida's Cabot Citrus Farms, the golf is fresh and fulfilling Variety of courses offers the ultimate golf playground February 23, 2024 Travel USA An inside look at 3 great hotels in Scottsdale Arizona Will it be a desert getaway, a spa destination or a mid-century marvel? February 9, 2024 Travel USA Korakia hotel in Palm Springs is epitome of casual, chic, luxury Hidden gem close to downtown hides its magic behind majestic walls with Video January 31, 2024 Travel USA More travel usa stories > Travel TimePlan your next getaway with Travel Time, featuring travel deals, destinations and gear.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Travel Time will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Travel International Amami Oshima is Japan's island paradise Designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site, threatened species of flora and fauna find refuge on the remote island February 24, 2024 Travel International Peacefully progressive Oslo On one of my many return visits to Oslo I was struck by how peaceful the city felt. It seemed a world away from the commotion and angst that comes with the 24-hour news here in the US. February 20, 2024 Travel Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Prime time to sail off with Norwegian Cruise Line's new Prima-class ships Attention to details elevate the cruising experience February 17, 2024 Travel International Where to go and what to see in Hong Kong With a rich colonial history and diverse culture, this buzzing cosmopolitan city is a study in contrasts February 12, 2024 Travel Champagne dreams and much more in luxe Paris stay Plenty of Platinum surprises to be savoured in City of Light February 10, 2024 Travel Europe More travel international stories > weather (Toronto) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Cruises New luxury cruise line Explora Journeys a terrific way to lose yourself at sea Explora Journeys delivers yacht-like feel to cruising crowd January 6, 2024 Travel International Docked for adventure at Ocean Cay MSC Marine Reserve Cruise line breathes new life into slice of paradise in Bahamas November 3, 2023 Travel International Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. ARCTIC HIGH: Bears, whales and awesome scenery on top of the world CROKER BAY, Nunavut — Adventure Canada’s helpful hints to avoid being eaten by a polar bear go something like this: September 2, 2023 Travel Canada Plenty of wow to discover on African safari-cruise CroisiEurope experience explores elephants, monkeys, Victoria Falls, and much more June 30, 2023 Travel International Cruise the Caribbean with a bunch of country fans? Heck yeah! I’d just run past the basketball court on the Norwegian Pearl covered in beach towels and yoga mats. As the courtside speaker blared an old Eddie Rabbitt song, the lanky yoga master bellowed in a southern drawl, “Hell yeah, yoga needs trucker music! Now let’s git doggie doooown.” That’s when I bumped into legendary country/folk singer Steve Earle enjoying his morning walk. Yup, there he was in a ragged black tee shirt, matching shorts and flip-flops. April 7, 2023 Travel More cruises stories > Contests More Contests > Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Travel Essentials Red carpet ready: The best facials in West Hollywood Exploring the cultural haven, plus bringing the glow home 3 days ago Shopping Essentials Top all-inclusive resorts to visit in Mexico A guide to Mexican resorts for different budgets, groups and preferences 5 days ago Shopping Essentials Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Top three ski resorts in Canada Whether you’re seeking epic terrain, family fun or underexplored hills February 16, 2024 Shopping Essentials Top hiking boots for exploring trails while keeping your feet dry Prioritizing traction and comfort February 15, 2024 Shopping Essentials 11 essentials to bring on a guided tour of Europe Don’t leave home without packing these items January 19, 2024 Shopping Essentials More travel essentials stories > News Releases Business Wire Promoted By Business Wire More News Releases > News Releases GlobeNewswire Promoted By GlobeNewswire More News Releases > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Contests CLOSED - JUNOS 2024 Contest February 15, 2024 Contests CLOSED - Montréal en Lumière Contest (Contest open in Ontario and Quebec only) January 22, 2024 Contests Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. CLOSED - Bob Marley: One Love Contest January 29, 2024 Contests CLOSED - Linen Chest Contest (Contest open in Ontario and Quebec only) November 10, 2023 Contests CLOSED - WISH Contest (Contest open in Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec only) October 16, 2023 Contests More contests stories > Advertisement 8AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in FlyersCategories Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials Contests Follow Canada.com Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Canada.com, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK