My Modern Met – The Big City That Celebrates Creative Ideas Toggle navigation My Modern Met - Share | Inspire | Connect Popular Categories Art Design Photography Academy Store Architecture Science Technology History Environment Nature Career Resources Classes DIY Interview Travel Entertainment About Us About Team Submit Content Contact Advertise Affiliate Disclosure Privacy Terms Membership Academy Store Follow @mymodernmet Follow Pinterest Subscribe Get Our Weekly Newsletter Popular Popular Posts View All Hannah Waddingham's 9-Year-Old Daughter Handmade a Clutch for Her SAG Awards Outfit Thought-Provoking Art Made With Ordinary White Sheets of Paper Geometric Designs Hypnotically Come to Life in This Artist’s Mesmerizing Kinetic Sculptures The Last Picture Ever Taken of Hachikō Shows the Love and Reverence the Japanese Had for the Dog Art Design Photography Academy Store More Topics All Topics More Topics Art Design Photography Academy Store Architecture Science Technology History Environment Nature Career Resources Classes DIY Interview Travel Entertainment Membership Follow @mymodernmet Follow Pinterest Subscribe Photo Contest Whale Bones Incredible Winners of 2024 Underwater Photographer of the Year Contest Read Article My Modern Met The Big City That Celebrates Creativity Store Enjoy the Best Creative Products When You Shop at My Modern Met Store Membership Support Creativity When You Become a Member of My Modern Met Academy Unleash Your Creativity When You Enroll in My Modern Met Academy Quiz Which Famous Inventor Are You? Discover Your Visionary Alter Ego [Quiz] My Modern Met The Big City That Celebrates Creativity Store Enjoy the Best Creative Products When You Shop at My Modern Met Store Membership Support Creativity When You Become a Member of My Modern Met Academy Unleash Your Creativity When You Enroll in My Modern Met Academy Quiz Which Famous Inventor Are You? Discover Your Visionary Alter Ego [Quiz] Recent Articles Updated Today Art March 5, 2024 Nontraditional Fiber Artist Seamlessly Weaves Beautiful Circular Creations Alison Altafi's Instagram page describes her artwork as “Magical art for magical people,” and it's no surprise as to why. The whimsical nature of her work easily conjures up visions of far away other worlds. By weaving together mixed fibers of all different textures and colors, she is able to create entire universes in the space of a hoop. Some of these universes resemble the natural world, while others are more abstract and fantastical. Read Article By Sarah Currier on March 5, 2024 Astronomy March 5, 2024 Astronaut Takes Photo of Pyramids During His Last Day on ISS The International Space Station is a triumph of human dreams and engineering. Read Article By Madeleine Muzdakis on March 5, 2024 Animals March 5, 2024 Watch Marlins Quickly Change Colors to Coordinate Attacks With Their Hunting Group When we think of ocean predators, dangerous creatures such as the white shark or the killer whale may come to... Read Article By Regina Sienra on March 5, 2024 Art March 4, 2024 Artist “Etches” Elaborate Images of the Natural World Directly Into Wood What started as a simple DIY project has become a career for wood-burning artist Court O'Reilly, also known as Hippie North. Using pyrography tools, she uses wood as her canvas for incredibly realistic depictions of animals and plants. She's gotten so good that she's even produced a stunning self-portrait that completely captures her likeness. Read Article By Jessica Stewart on March 4, 2024 Acrylic Painting March 4, 2024 Stunning Paintings on Natural Materials Pay Homage to the Northern Renaissance Inspired by Pieter Bruegel, Hieronymus Bosch, and other great masters of the Northern Renaissance, photorealist painter Chris Oh looks to... Read Article By Jessica Stewart on March 4, 2024 Pen Drawing March 4, 2024 Imaginative Nature Doodles Fill Countless Pages There is a special kind of beauty that goes along with nature artwork. Read Article By Sarah Currier on March 4, 2024 Let's Connect Receive our Weekly Newsletter. We’re also on Pinterest, Tumblr, and Flipboard. Want to advertise with us? Visit My Modern Met Media. Get Our Weekly Newsletter Learn Art Online Drawing 101: Learn the Building Blocks of Sketching VIEW ALL COURSES Visit Our Store Adjustable Three-Piece Sloth Ring by Mary Lou $119.00 Shop All Products Become a My Modern Met Member As a member, you'll join us in our effort to support the arts. Become a Member Explore member benefits Learn From Top Artists VIEW ALL COURSES My Modern Met Store Shop All Products Vintage-Inspired Bird Scarf by Shovava $62.00 Frida Kahlo Action Figure by Today is Art Day $29.99 Big Wooden Cat Pile Game by Comma $39.95 Viviva Colorsheets by Viviva Colorsheets $19.95 Shop All Products Archeology March 4, 2024 Researchers Discover Bronze Age Treasure Made of Meteorite Meteorites—meteors which survive their plummet through the atmosphere to collide with Earth—are fascinating. They can contain substances not found on Earth, they might hold traces to the origins of life, and they can even be worth money. Their worth and special mystique has been recognized since ancient days. For example, a dagger crafted from iron with roots in space (hence from a meteorite) was found in King Tutankhamun's tomb in Egypt. Read Article By Madeleine Muzdakis on March 4, 2024 Birds March 4, 2024 Researchers Spent Six Weeks in the Jungle to Capture the First Images of a Bird Long Thought Lost Being a scientist means venturing into the unknown, even if there is no certainty you'll find what you're looking for. Read Article By Regina Sienra on March 4, 2024 Oil Painting March 3, 2024 Artist Uses Oil Paint to Create Expressive Portraits of Birds For as long as she can remember, Rachel Altschuler has been fascinated by the unique energy and spirit of birds. Read Article By Jessica Stewart on March 3, 2024 Cats March 3, 2024 Massachusetts Library Has Purr-Fect Way To Pay Fines The Worcester Public Library in Massachusetts does not have late fees, but they do charge for damaged or missing books. However, during the month of March, the library branch will allow its patrons to pay fines by sending in cat pictures. The program is part of the larger “March Meowness: Felines for Fee Forgiveness” campaign that the library has organized. Read Article By Sarah Currier on March 3, 2024 Dance March 3, 2024 Watch West Coast Swing Dancers Improvise Choreography for an Exciting Macarena If you were around in the 1990s, you surely remember the “Macarena,” a catchy song by Spanish pop duo Los... Read Article By Regina Sienra on March 3, 2024 History March 3, 2024 The Multicultural History of Why the U.S. Has No Official Language Most countries have an official language. For example, Canada boasts dual official languages: French and English. Read Article By Madeleine Muzdakis on March 3, 2024 Read More Articles Get Our Weekly Newsletter My Modern Met Celebrating creativity and promoting a positive culture by spotlighting the best sides of humanity—from the lighthearted and fun to the thought-provoking and enlightening. Art Design Photography Architecture DIY Career Resources Classes Environment Science Technology Travel Academy Store © 2024. All rights reserved. About Team Submit Content Contact Advertise Affiliate Disclosure Privacy Terms Designed in collaboration with Electric Pulp