Semrush - Online Marketing Can Be Easy Skip to content Your browser is out of date. The site might not be displayed correctly. Please update your browser. Features Pricing Resources Blog Read the industry's latest thoughts on digital marketing, content strategy, SEO, PPC, social media and more. Help Center Learn how to use Semrush with user manuals, how-to’s, videos and more! What's New Keep track of the newest Semrush features and improvements. Webinars Register and take part in educational webinars conducted by the best digital marketing experts. Insights See the latest in original research and thought leadership from the Semrush team. Hire a Trusted Agency Pressed for time? Need rare skills? Get help from a trusted agency. Our experts work with marketing projects of all kinds and budgets. Academy Get vital SEO skills, learn how to use our toolkits and get official certificates of your proficiency in SEO and Semrush. Top Websites Discover the most visited websites. Analyze their traffic and search rankings. Choose country or industry to find out who currently leads the market. GoodContent Hub Learn everything you need to know about effective content marketing in one place. Explore free tools, industry research, practical materials for your business, and more. Local Marketing Hub Start outperforming your nearby competition today! Discover the expert insights, strategies, and tools you need to increase the digital footprint of your business and get more local customers. Company About Us Newsroom Careers Success Stories Affiliate Program For Investors Partner Integrations Contacts Stats and Facts App Center Extra tools Ecommerce Booster Prowly Kompyte SplitSignal Menu Features Pricing Resources Blog Help Center What's New Webinars Insights Hire a Trusted Agency Academy Top Websites GoodContent Hub Local Marketing Hub Company About Us Newsroom Careers Success Stories Affiliate Program For Investors Partner Integrations Contacts Stats and Facts App Center Extra tools Ecommerce Booster Prowly Kompyte SplitSignal EN English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe 中文 日本語 한국어 Log In Sign Up Get measurable results from online marketing Do SEO, content marketing, competitor research, PPC and social media marketing from just one platform. Start now Trusted by the world’s leading brands See what's inside SEO Content Marketing Market Research Advertising Social Media Agency Solutions SEO Grow organic traﬃc with our complete and easy SEO tools & workﬂow Uncover millions of national & local keywords Analyze any domain’s backlink profile Run technical SEO audits Track your SERP positions daily Try SEO Toolkit Content Marketing Create content that ranks (no expert knowledge required) Find topics that resonate with your audience Get actionable tips to create SEO-friendly content Optimize your content for engagement and organic traffic Use AI features to easily rewrite and improve your copy Try Content Marketing Toolkit Market Research Unveil your competitors’ marketing strategy and tactics Analyze traffic of any website Unveil competitor promotion strategies Get ideas for growing your market share Discover keyword & backlink gap Try Competitive Research Toolkit Advertising Discover how to reach more prospects while spending less Find the best keywords for every PPC campaign Monitor your competitor’s ad copies and landing pages Optimize your Advertising spend (at a local level) Analyze Google Shopping ad campaigns Try Advertising Toolkit Social Media Build your most effective social media strategy Schedule and post content on social media Analyze the performance of your posts Track & analyze competitor accounts Manage your public brand reputation Try Social Media Toolkit Agency Solutions Streamline your agency processes for growth Get quality leads regularly Automate client reporting and pitching Create white-label client portals and share project progress details Manage the entire client workflow with CRM Try Agency Solutions “Semrush is like a keyword research tool, Google Trends, Moz, Hootsuite and SimilarWeb in one.” Mario León Rojas Performance Marketing Specialist, Banco del Sol Source: Semrush G2 reviews Award-winning tools trusted by the world’s leading companies 10M marketing professionals have already used Semrush 21 international awards as best SEO software suite 30% Fortune 500 companies use Semrush as their go-to marketing tool More data. More insights With the size of our SEO databases and speed of our backlink crawler, imagine what you can achieve if you have the insights your competitors don’t. Learn more 25B keywords 43T backlinks 808M domain profiles 140 geo databases Oleg Shchegolev CEO and Founder Our CEO will eat his hat ... if you find another tool that lets you do all these things Access over 25 billion keywords for 130 countries Run in-depth website audit based on 130+ checks Get recommendations to improve your content to increase search rankings Track and analyze competitor websites and marketing strategies Create and track your PPC campaigns Draft, schedule and post content on social Create and schedule white-labeled or branded reports Discover all Semrush features Here’s why marketers Semrush Marketing Suite SEO Content marketing Market research Advertising Social media Reviews about Marketing Suite 1 / 4 “I've been using Semrush for 7+ years now and heavily rely on it to help me move whatever site I'm working on to the top of Google.” Casey Camilleri Marx Digital Marketing Director, Nlyte Software “What I appreciate most about Semrush is that it covers all areas of search with its tools, so I can have a 360-degree view of my projects.” Esther Giménez Senior SEO & UX Consultant, Annalect, Omnicom Media Group “If you ask an agency to deliver 10x organic search growth through content, they will assign a large team to your project. Our content team, in contrast, runs activities with Semrush without having an army of people specialized in SEO.” Fabrizio Ballarini Responsible for SEO, TransferWise “When it comes to pure value, Semrush wins. That’s mostly because you get a fully-featured SEO software suite AND Google Ads software for the same monthly price.” Brian Dean Founder, Backlinko “We chose Semrush because the keyword tracking was much more accurate than our previous tools and the interface was very intuitive.” Freddy Hunt Director of SEO and Content Marketing, Oneupweb “There is a direct correlation between using Semrush, being focused on SEO, and the sheer growth that we’ve had. Our organic traffic was up by 230% in 2019. Literally every day we are getting the highest traffic ever on our website.” Eric Bogard VP of Marketing, Arkadium “With the help of Semrush, we empowered every single marketing team within the university to double their traffic like we did for the central sites.” Shefali Joshi Marketing Optimization Analyst, Monash University “I’ve never seen a local dental practice in the world ranking as much as we are now. We are ranking nationally. Because of the tool. Simple as that. And I still don’t use even 50% of it.” Ed Challinor Co-founder and CEO, Smileworks “Our overall organic traffic increased sevenfold, with blog traffic making up over 75% of the visits! Semrush allowed us to optimize and run our content strategy without needing an army of SEO experts.” Barbora Jassova Content Strategist, Landbot “Semrush’s SEO Writing Assistant is one of a kind. I was amazed by the feedback and recommendations it provided me to improve my SEO, text readability, originality, and tone of voice.” Mesmer Doué Digital Marketing Consultant, Blue Lance “By using Semrush, my team saves a lot of time by working on the right content and in a more data-driven way. Semrush is my right hand for many tasks, it helps me and my team to strategize.” Idan Segal Organic Growth Lead, Wix “We created a comprehensive content strategy to increase the potential organic traffic by 123%. We actively used Semrush tools in the process to achieve our goals.” Ilyas Teker Founder, SEO Consultant, Mosanta “When you are at the table with a general manager, they just want to know the market share. Market Explorer is the perfect tool to quickly show what our brand’s role and classification inside the market are.” Emanuele Arosio Head of Global SEO, Triboo Group “My favorite part about Semrush is the power it has for competitive intelligence. It makes it easier to make savvy advertising decisions when you have more data.” Dignorah Altamiranda Marketing Team Lead, Avature “I love the feature that lets you analyze the keyword and backlink gap with your competitors. This is very useful in determining which keywords you aren't ranking for, that you could be getting.” Paul Meluzzo Creative Director, Omnislash Visual “Semrush has been pivotal in helping me better understand the competitive landscape of my ad campaigns. I have been able to close the gaps between my organic and paid efforts thus distributing my budget and tactics in a comprehensive manner.” Andrea Cruz Digital Marketing Manager, KoMarketing “My favorite feature is the PPC analysis tool. It tells me what kinds of PPC ads are being run by a specific domain. It is good to optimize my own PPC strategy!” Vashishtha Kapoor CoFounder, affNext “With Semrush, I have found weaknesses in PPC for pitches where I was only covering SEO. I've found clients' new competitors they didn't realise they had and keywords they could target.” Judith Lewis Founder, deCabbit Consultancy “I have used the PPC Keyword Tool to create ads for my clients. And those ads not only fit the client brief, but also have returned great results.” Ankitaa Gohain Dalmia Founder, Digital Content Strategist, AnksImage “Semrush Social Media Toolkit is the best in the business. I’m using this tool to great effect and it has helped to increase my visibility on Social Media.” Jigar Agrawal SEO Specialist, freelance “I’ve been using Semrush for the past 5 years now especially for SEO, content writing, and now even for social media marketing. ” Himani Kankaria eCommerce Consultant and SEO Strategist, eComKeeda “Although it’s not a core function of Semrush I really like their social media posting tool - I would give that a try.” Trevor Stolber Founder, STOLBER Digital Marketing Agency Get started with Semrush today Get 7 days of full access to all toolkits. Cancel anytime. Start your free trial USA, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 2475, Boston, MA 02199 Contact us Change language English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe 中文 日本語 한국어 Contact us USA, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 2475, Boston, MA 02199 Get started with Semrush! or see our plans & pricing Semrush Features Pricing Success Stories Stats and Facts Insights News Help Knowledge Base Academy Semrush API Community Semrush Blog Webinars More tools Analytics Reports Projects Agency Partners Affiliate Program SEOquake Sensor Prowly Kompyte App Center Enterprise SEO Company About Us Newsroom Careers Partners Legal Info Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Do not sell my personal info Security Info For Investors Semrush Select Global Issues Index Contact Us Follow us X (Twitter) Facebook LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Pinterest Language English English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe 中文 日本語 한국어 © 2008 - 2024 Semrush. All rights reserved. Cookie Settings