The Marshall Project Menu icon The Marshall Project Nonprofit journalism about criminal justice Search About Newsletters Donate A nonprofit news organization covering the U.S. criminal justice system Search Magnifying glass Local Network Cleveland Jackson Projects Inside Story News Inside Life Inside Mauled The Language Project The Record The System Topics Death Penalty Immigration Juvenile Justice Mental Health Policing Politics and Reform Race About About Us Local Network The Marshall Project Inside News & Awards Impact People Supporters Jobs Newsletters Events Donate Feedback? Arrow support@themarshallproject.org Cleveland Meet the Candidates Running for Judge in Cuyahoga County’s Primary Election error in byline Closing Argument March 2 How Federal Prisons Are Getting Worse Government watchdog agencies found hundreds of preventable deaths and excessive use of solitary confinement. By Jamiles Lartey and Christie Thompson Cleveland February 28 Black Drivers Still Paying ‘Bratenahl Tax’ in Affluent Cleveland Suburb Bratenahl police are taking more anti-bias training as new data show two-thirds of tickets are handed to Black drivers. By Mark Puente, The Marshall Project and Tara Morgan, News 5 Cleveland The Record The most popular topics in criminal justice today Supreme Court Donald Trump Undocumented immigrants migrants 2024 election Texas insurrection New York Closing Argument February 24 Knock, Knock! Who’s There? The Police. What happens when a joke carries criminal charges? By Lakeidra Chavis Jackson February 22 This Mississippi Court Appoints Lawyers for Just 1 in 5 Defendants Before Indictment Mississippi is known as one of the worst states for public defense. In one lower court, most defendants went without any lawyer before indictment. By Caleb Bedillion Closing Argument February 17 What Crime Data Says About the Effects of Texas Busing Migrants The influx has sparked fears of rising crime in some cities. The Marshall Project looked at policing data to see if the anxiety reflects reality. By Geoff Hing, Weihua Li and Ilica Mahajan Life Inside February 16 I Never Thought I Could Fall In Love With a Woman. Then Came Prison. We call straight women who couple up with fellow prisoners “gay for the stay.” That slang masks the complexity — and often beauty — of these bonds. By Samantha Vantassell Opening Statement Links from this mornings’s email Trump Remains on Ballots After Supreme Court Rejects Colorado’s Challenge Supreme Court blocks SB4, reversing 5th Circuit ruling Relisha Rudd vanished at 8. A decade later, she haunts a changed D.C. Key Figure in Trump’s Business Will Plead Guilty to Perjury Jack Teixeira pleads guilty to leaking intelligence documents on Discord Wisconsin: Settlement shows Trump lawyers made fake electors plan Judge Rules Against Corporate Transparency Act Disclosure Provision As Kim Foxx Exits, Chicago Is Choosing the Next “Gatekeeper” of Its Bail Reform The Enormous Pressures About to Land on Judge Tanya Chutkan Mitch McConnell’s legacy: He destroyed the independent federal judiciary. The retconning of George Floyd, part three: the great flattening Double standard in Mike Parson commutation for Britt Reid Graying in Prison California prisoner gave $17 to Gaza. Strangers raised $100K for him. Emotional witness implores politicians to drop partisanship to address shootings Racial Turnout Gap Has Widened With a Weakened Voting Rights Act, Study Finds MAGA supporters promised 'Trump Bucks' wealth lose thousands The Aftermath: The Hidden Insurrection Feature February 15 Spit Hoods Can Be Deadly. Police Keep Using Them Anyway. Police cite studies saying the mesh bags are safe. But experts say the studies are flawed — and deaths in custody raise troubling questions. By Daphne Duret Feature February 15 5 Takeaways From Our Investigation Into Police Use of Spit Hoods Reporting by The Marshall Project and WTSP in Tampa examined how police continue using the hoods, even as deaths raise troubling questions. By Daphne Duret Feature February 14 Medical Marijuana Is Legal, But Oklahoma Is Charging Women for Using It While Pregnant Courts are set to decide if using the drug during pregnancy is a crime, even as a growing number of women in the state face prosecution. By Brianna Bailey, The Frontier Feature February 12 If You Can’t Afford an Attorney, One Will Be Appointed. And You May Get a Huge Bill In Iowa, people too poor to pay for a lawyer are on the hook for big fees they can’t afford. By Lauren Gill and Weihua Li About People Jobs Sitemap Funders