Home | Miller Center Skip to main content Main navigation The Presidency U.S. Presidents George Washington John Adams Thomas Jefferson James Madison James Monroe John Quincy Adams Andrew Jackson Martin Van Buren William Harrison John Tyler James K. Polk Zachary Taylor Millard Fillmore Franklin Pierce James Buchanan Abraham Lincoln Andrew Johnson Ulysses S. Grant Rutherford B. Hayes James A. Garfield Chester A. Arthur Grover Cleveland Benjamin Harrison William McKinley Theodore Roosevelt William Taft Woodrow Wilson Warren G. Harding Calvin Coolidge Herbert Hoover Franklin D. Roosevelt Harry S. Truman Dwight D. Eisenhower John F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson Richard Nixon Gerald Ford Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan George H. W. Bush Bill Clinton George W. Bush Barack Obama Donald Trump Joe Biden Presidential Speeches Presidential Oral Histories Secret White House Tapes Featured Content Issues & Policy U.S. Domestic Policy Foreign Policy Economics Governance Experts Events Upcoming Events Past Events Donate Donate Footer About Contact Us Miller Center Governing Council Miller Center Foundation Privacy Policy Notice of Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Download millercenter.org Data Help inform the discussion Support the Miller Center Facebook Twitter YouTube University of Virginia Miller Center University of Virginia Miller Center Main navigation The Presidency U.S. Presidents George Washington John Adams Thomas Jefferson James Madison James Monroe John Quincy Adams Andrew Jackson Martin Van Buren William Harrison John Tyler James K. Polk Zachary Taylor Millard Fillmore Franklin Pierce James Buchanan Abraham Lincoln Andrew Johnson Ulysses S. Grant Rutherford B. Hayes James A. Garfield Chester A. Arthur Grover Cleveland Benjamin Harrison William McKinley Theodore Roosevelt William Taft Woodrow Wilson Warren G. Harding Calvin Coolidge Herbert Hoover Franklin D. Roosevelt Harry S. Truman Dwight D. Eisenhower John F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson Richard Nixon Gerald Ford Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan George H. W. Bush Bill Clinton George W. Bush Barack Obama Donald Trump Joe Biden Presidential Speeches Presidential Oral Histories Secret White House Tapes Featured Content Issues & Policy U.S. Domestic Policy Foreign Policy Economics Governance Experts Events Upcoming Events Past Events Donate Donate Four Myths About Ukraine That Are Actually Wrong Two years after Russia invaded, new myths have taken hold, writes Eric Edelman Read more Liz Cheney on American Authoritarianism On the Shield of the Republic podcast, Eric Edelman talks with Liz Cheney about whether a new conservative party needs to arise Listen 'A World Safe for Commerce' Dale Copeland's new book shows how commerce determines whether America preserves the peace Read more Toward a more responsible and effective presidency Dozens of experts participated in the Miller Center's Conference on the American presidency Watch Presidential resources for teachers The Miller Center features materials that help teachers bring history alive for their students Learn more Featured Video March 1, 2024 Imagining a better future for Congress As we head toward the 2024 election, partisan dysfunction threatens to fracture the United States Congress. When did it work better, and why? How could it function well again? Latest News After two years of war in Ukraine, what has changed? Miller Center Director William Antholis tells UVA Today that the war has been revealing and largely destructive for Russia New Miller Center book: 'Year Zero: The Five-Year Presidency' A new book by Christopher Liddell, a senior Trump White House official, rethinks the presidential transition period Foreign policy in the Johnson years Miller Center Presidential Studies Director Marc Selverstone focused on LBJ's foreign policy on the War on the Rocks podcast An ongoing and necessary renaissance: NATO’s nuclear posture Senior Fellow Eric Edelman writes that now is the time to explore potential changes to NATO’s nuclear posture Upcoming events March 13 11:00 AM 'Diplomats at War' March 18 05:30 PM Hamilton vs. Jefferson Project on Democracy and Capitalism March 25 02:30 PM The Israel–Hamas conflict: Ways forward May 10 01:00 PM The 2024 election and the struggle for America's economic future Project on Democracy and Capitalism 'Illumination': The Miller Center magazine Sounding an alarm about democracy Leading conservative jurist J. Michael Luttig says the rule of law is under 'unendurable attack—from within' Reconsidering Jimmy Carter's legacy Although Americans did not reelect him, Jimmy Carter has long been rated as one of the nation's most admired figures Choose your own big data adventure New DemCap Analytics site lets users compare democracy and capitalism around the world Read the full issue Inside: President Jimmy Carter, the technology competition between the U.S. and China, the bitter legacy of Sen. Joseph McCarthy, and a lecture by New York Times columnist David Brooks Special Projects Conference on the American presidency Watch sessions from the Miller Center's Conference on the American presidency, held October 19–20, 2023 Ripples of Hope Project Identifying practical approaches to help democratic leaders resolve key challenges Project on Democracy and Capitalism An in-depth exploration of the relationship between free-market economic systems and the execution of self-government Health Care Policy Project Miller Center resources examine the history of domestic and global health care challenges Left Miller Center Studies on the Presidency The Miller Center's special imprint at UVA Press advances scholarship on the American presidency Review the book collection Highlights from the First Year 2017 Project Rebuilding a crumbling nation Experts offer a range of recommendations for rebuilding America's infrastructure National security in the first year Watch an overview of the national security challenges facing a new president America's broken government Watch a recounting of what it might take to heal our partisan divides The First Year Project 2017 The Miller Center's First Year 2017 Project contains many relevant lessons for the Biden-Harris Administration Race and Justice in America Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom David Blight, author of Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom, discusses his Pulitzer Prize-winning biography E pluribus unum? Race, religion, and American identity Experts including Ibram X. Kendi, Larycia Hawkins, and Jason Johnson probe America's original sin of racism on this PrezFest 2019 panel The Kerner Commission and the unraveling of American liberalism Historian Steve Gillon talks about his book on the Kerner Commission, whose report on urban unrest reshaped debates about race and inequality in America 'A republic if you can keep it' Compton Professor Melody Barnes examines how Americans have long struggled to strike a balance between government power, social order, and personal liberty Secret White House Tapes LBJ orders some new Haggar pants President Johnson called the Haggar clothing company to order some new pants, providing specific (and sometimes graphic) instructions on how they should be customized for him "Some fool thing" 14 months before Pearl Harbor, President Franklin Roosevelt ruminates on the growing crisis in the East Nixon on Jews in the federal government Nixon orders his chief of staff to "see what we can do about" Jews in the federal government. JFK orders “one of those blue pills” President Kennedy suffered from poor health and pain throughout his life. In this telephone call, Kennedy asks the White House physician to "send up a little extra medication." Left Miller Center Governing Council The Miller Center's Governing Council is a diverse board of directors that guides our nonpartisan work on presidential scholarship, public policy, and political history, providing critical insights for the nation's governance challenges. Meet the Governing Council Featured Publications A World Safe for Commerce Hospital City, Health Care Nation 43: Inside the George W. Bush Presidency The Kennedy Withdrawal U.S. Presidents View More Richard Nixon He was the first and (so far) the only President of the United States to resign the office Campaigns and Elections Life After the Presidency Impact and Legacy View More Dwight D. Eisenhower He just moved up in historians' rankings, to fifth-best president in the nation's history Life in Brief Domestic Affairs Foreign Affairs View More George Washington He was the father of our country. And he set the model for every president who followed. Family Life Impact and Legacy Life After the Presidency Photo Gallery JFK's Inauguration Download Image JFK takes the oath of office John F. Kennedy was inaugurated as the 35th President of the United States on January 20, 1961 Download Image JFK delivers his Inaugural Address JFK's Inaugural Address is best known for these words: "Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country" Download Image JFK delivers his Inaugural Address JFK's Inaugural Address is best known for these words: "Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country" Download Image Inaugural Parade The President and First Lady watch the Inaugural Parade from the official reviewing stand Download Image Returning to the White House President Kennedy returns to the White House after taking the oath of office Download Image Arriving at the Inaugural Ball The President and First Lady arrive for the Inaugural Ball Animate Background Off University of Virginia Miller Center Main navigation The Presidency Issues & Policy Experts Events Donate Footer About Contact Us Miller Center Governing Council Miller Center Foundation Privacy Policy Notice of Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity Download millercenter.org Data Help inform the discussion Support the Miller Center Facebook Twitter YouTube Join our email list © Copyright 2024. Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia University of Virginia