Home - Center for Democracy and Technology Home - Center for Democracy and Technology Skip to Content Who We Are About Europe Office CDT AI Governance Lab CDT Research Staff Board Advisory Council Non-Resident Fellows Careers Latest Areas of Focus AI Policy & Governance Cybersecurity & Standards Elections & Democracy Equity in Civic Tech Free Expression Government Surveillance Open Internet Privacy & Data Collections Press Events Donate Site Search Search Close the menu CDT Research on Online Abuse of Women of Color Political Candidates Wins Anthem Award A 2022 CDT original research project, “An Unrepresentative Democracy: How Disinformation and Online Abuse Hinder Women of Color Political Candidates in the United States,” was selected by the 3rd Annual Anthem Awards as a Silver Winner in the “Human & Civil Rights — Best Use of Data” Category. Read Release CDT Welcomes White House Executive Order on AI CDT welcomes the Biden Administration’s Executive Order for safe, secure, and trustworthy development and use of AI. This latest action from the White House addresses a number of areas that are critical for ensuring responsible AI practices by both the private and public sectors. Read Release Beyond the Screen: Parents’ Experiences with Student Activity Monitoring in K-12 Schools CDT recently conducted interviews with parents whose children have experienced short- and long-term consequences based on the use of student activity monitoring technology, shedding light on the first-hand experiences of students and their families who were impacted. Read Report Best Practices for Protecting Reproductive Health Data This is a practical guide for company decision makers, product designers, developers, advocates, and concerned customers to understand the privacy concerns inherent to many data collection practices, and how companies can act. Read Report Lost in Translation: Large Language Models in Non-English Content Analysis A new report from CDT examines the new models that companies claim can analyze text across languages. The paper explains how these language models work and explores their capabilities and limits. Read the executive summary in Arabic, French, and Spanish. Read Report Shocking New FBI Political Surveillance Disclosures Highlight Need for FISA Reform Recently, new disclosures related to Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (“FISA”) — a controversial warrantless surveillance tool set to expire at the end of this year— confirmed the worst fears of civil rights and civil liberties advocates, including CDT. Read More De-Weaponizing and Standardizing the Post-Election Audit Post-election audits can be strongest way to generate public evidence that an election outcome was correct. But election deniers have weaponized post-election audits, calling for sham reviews that instead diminish confidence in elections. Our new report helps distinguish good post-election audits from bad ones & offers a path forward for improving post-election audits in 2024 & beyond. Read Report Our Work Has Never Been More Important At the Center for Democracy & Technology (CDT), we believe in the power of the internet. Whether it’s facilitating entrepreneurial endeavors, providing access to new markets and opportunities, or creating a platform for free speech, the internet empowers, emboldens and equalizes people around the world. Explore Our Issues Cybersecurity & Standards Elections & Democracy Equity in Civic Tech Free Expression Government Surveillance Open Internet Privacy & Data CDT’s 2022 Annual Report In 2022 – at a pivotal time for democracy – CDT was at the forefront, advancing a tech policy agenda focused on equity and democratic values. Read more about how we took advantage of the year’s new beginnings in tech policy in our 2022 Annual Report. Go to Report 330+ Members of the Global Encryption Coalition – spread across 99 countries – helping to respond rapidly to emerging threats to encryption. More. 30+ Members of CDT’s Task Force on Protecting Reproductive Health Info, helping to protect the privacy & access to info of people seeking reproductive health care. More. 6 Number of CDT newsletters around pressing policy areas like student privacy & equity, AI, and more. Sign up. 55.9K+ Number of lifetime plays of CDT’s long-standing podcast, Tech Talks. Listen. The Latest from CDT CDT Europe Joins EPD and Civil Liberties Union for Europe in Outlining Still-Needed Improvements for EU Regulation on Transparency and Targeting of Political Advertising February 27, 2024 Global Encryption Coalition Steering Committee Statement on the ECtHR Court Ruling on Encryption in Podchasov v. Russia February 26, 2024 The European Court of Human Rights Concludes Encryption Backdoor Mandates Violate the Right to Private Life of All Users Online February 22, 2024 Who We Are Our team of experts on both sides of the Atlantic has deep, cross-cutting knowledge and experience on issues relating to the internet and emerging technologies, including privacy, security, online expression, competition, and fostering healthy online civic space. We come from academia, private enterprise, government, and the nonprofit worlds to translate complex policy into action. See Staff Check Out CDT’S Podcast – Tech Talk Tech is all around you – and now, insights on the tech policies that are shaping your digital world can be added to your podcast playlist. You can find CDT’s Tech Talk anywhere you find your favorite podcasts, including on Spotify, SoundCloud, iTunes, Google Podcasts, Stitcher, and TuneIn. Go to Podcast Do you have a passion for finding innovative and practical solutions to technology policy challenges that align with civil rights, civil liberties, and democratic values? View our open opportunities. See Openings Join Us CDT works to strengthen individual rights and freedoms by defining, promoting, and influencing technology policy and the architecture of the internet that impacts our daily lives. The content throughout this website that originates with CDT can be freely copied and used as long as you make no substantive changes and clearly give us credit. More on CDT's content reuse policy is available here. CDT’s generative AI usage policy is available here. People Europe Office CDT AI Governance Lab CDT Research Staff Board Advisory Council CDT’s Non-Resident Fellows Collaborating Attorney Networks Organization 2022 Annual Report Financials Press Events Donate Careers CDT's Tech Talk Areas of Focus AI Policy & Governance Cybersecurity & Standards Elections & Democracy Equity in Civic Tech Free Expression Government Surveillance Open Internet Privacy & Data Privacy Policy Contact Us Newsletter Signup Copyright © 2024 by Center for Democracy and Technology. Created by nclud. CenDemTech CDT Europe