Stanford Social Innovation Review: Informing and Inspiring Leaders of Social Change sign in subscribe Social Issues Education, Health, Security, etc. Arts & Culture Cities Civic Engagement Economic Development Education Energy Environment Food Health Human Rights Security Social Services Water & Sanitation Sectors Government, Nonprofit, Business, etc. Business Foundations Government Nonprofits & NGOs Social Enterprise Solutions Advocacy, Funding, Leadership, etc. Advocacy Collaboration Design Thinking Governance Impact Investing Leadership Measurement & Evaluation Organizational Development Philanthropy & Funding Scaling Technology Magazine Current Issue All Issues Sponsored Supplements In-Depth Series Podcasts Webinars Events Books Ebooks Videos Newsletter Global Editions About Us About SSIR Stanford PACS Contact Us Submission Guidelines Advertise Subscriber Help Reprints Terms of Use Privacy Site Map Donate subscribe sign in Sign In Donate Subscribe Social Issues Arts & Culture Cities Civic Engagement Economic Development Education Energy Environment Food Health Human Rights Security Social Services Water & Sanitation Sectors Business Foundations Government Nonprofits & NGOs Social Enterprise Solutions Advocacy Collaboration Design Thinking Governance Impact Investing Leadership Measurement & Evaluation Organizational Development Philanthropy & Funding Scaling Technology magazine Current Issue All Issues Sponsored Supplements Global Editions more In-Depth Series Podcasts Webinars Events Books Ebooks Videos Newsletter Stanford PACS Submission Guidelines About Us Technology Building Effective AI Governance By Lina Srivastava The aftermath of the OpenAI governance controversy revealed the extent to which power has been consolidated by AI tech giants, a situation with dangerous implications for critical aspects of society. Environment New Issue: Health Care’s Fight to Save the Planet By Josh Karliner In SSIR’s new Spring ’24 Issue, Josh Karliner of Health Care Without Harm recounts how his organization joined a global movement of health-care sector actors to push net-zero emissions in the industry and protect human health from the threat of runaway climate change. sponsored What Does Trust-Based Philanthropy Really Mean? By Trust-Based Philanthropy Project A new supplement explains the key ideas behind the approach, why it is essential to effective philanthropy, and what will be possible if more funders embrace it. Donate to SSIR Review Health Capitalizing on Care Review by Aliya Hamid Rao Premilla Nadasen’s new book, Care: The Highest Stage of Capitalism, sharply explores the care sector as a site of economic extraction. Energy The Key to Effective Climate Philanthropy By Joe Ryan As time ticks down on the transition to clean energy, networked solutions will be crucial for beating the clock. Collaboration Healing the Trauma in Systems By Laura Calderon de la Barca, Katherine Milligan & John Kania 8 How recognizing trauma in ourselves, other people, and the systems around us can open up new pathways to solving social problems. Environment Business Action on Biodiversity By Rajat Panwar, Theresa Lieb, Sarah Federman & Matthew Betts Hundreds of companies have pledged to follow new reporting guidelines from the Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures. Is it enough to make a difference? Health Designing for Better Mental Health Policy By Sarah Cusworth Walker Why building capacity for design into mental health policymaking will produce more effective services. Human Rights Prison Cats By Marcie Bianco Furry companions are improving the lives of Chilean prison inmates and society at large. Latest Human Rights Taking Steps Toward Disability Inclusion in China By Fan Li & Sally Ren A group of newly launched business and nonprofit coalitions are aiming to advance disability inclusion in a new way. sponsored The Rise of Trust-Based Philanthropy By Shaady Salehi Funders are embracing a more equitable way of working with nonprofits by prioritizing collaboration and trust. sponsored Racial Justice Requires Trust By Nat Chioke Williams & Liz Bonner A commitment to racial justice means transforming conventional practices and embracing trust-based philanthropy. Social Enterprise Trust and Scale in Global Social Enterprise Law By Dana Brakman Reiser My research into social enterprise law around the world reveals a difficult trade-off between cultivating social trust and promoting scale. The sector will benefit by getting clearer on the available options and their strengths and drawbacks. sponsored Reimagining Funder Accountability By Lorrie Fair Allen, Ashlee George & Charlize Theron Funders often mistake accountability for compliance. Instead, accountability must be rooted in mutuality, relationships, and power analysis. Read More » browse past issues all issues » Spring 2024 Winter 2024 Fall 2023 Summer 2023 Most Commented Collaboration Healing Systems By Laura Calderon de la Barca, Katherine Milligan & John Kania 8 How recognizing trauma in ourselves, other people, and the systems around us can open up new pathways to solving social problems. Nonprofits & NGOs Learning From an Intergenerational Blowup Over Social Justice By Steve Kaagan & John Hagan 6 Like so many organizations, our environmental nonprofit was rocked by internal conflict. What happened and what did we learn? Impact Investing Investing in Enterprises That Work for Everyone By Andrea Armeni, Curt Lyon & Julie Menter 6 Impact investors can support a more just economy by prioritizing alternative ownership enterprises that shift power away from shareholders to workers, the community, and the planet. Health Putting Equity First in Health Care Innovation By Tonie Marie Gordon 5 The pursuit of better outcomes for underserved communities, rather than the novelty of emerging technologies, should drive innovation in health care. Philanthropy & Funding Zero-Problem Philanthropy By Christian Seelos 5 Moving away from endless problem-solving and toward creating healthy context. Read More » Free Weekly eNewsletter Sign up latest newsletter SSIR is published by the Stanford Center on Philanthropy and Civil Society, at Stanford University. About SSIR Stanford PACS Contact Us Submission Guidelines Advertise Subscriber Help Reprints Terms of Use Privacy Site Map Copyright © 2024 Stanford University. Designed by Arsenal, developed by Hop Studios X SSIR.org and/or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and to our better understanding of user needs. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to otherwise browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies. I Agree