UC Santa Cruz – A world-class public research institution comprised of ten residential college communities nestled in the redwood forests and meadows overlooking central California's Monterey Bay. Our voices will define the century About Overview Achievements, Facts, and Figures Leading the change Our Mascot: Sammy the Banana Slug Our Residential Colleges Campus Tours Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Employment Academics Undergraduate Majors Graduate Degrees Academic Divisions Course Catalog Schedule of Classes Research Office of Research Undergraduate Research Innovation & Business Engagement Hub University Library Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Apply Costs and Budgets Financial Aid Summer Session UCSC Extension Campus Life Visit UCSC Student Success Student Organizations Housing and Dining Resources for Campus Community Arts and Culture The Santa Cruz Area Events Calendar News Give #2 for making an impact on the world by Princeton Review #1 for racial and gender diversity in leadership by Women’s Power Gap Initiative Gold for excellence in sustainability by Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education Leading at the intersection of innovation and social justice. A global research university with an uncommon emphasis on undergraduate research and education, UC Santa Cruz is part of the world’s most celebrated system of public higher education, and stands among the most renowned institutions of higher learning. News Shedding light on disease Scientist Andy Yeh was awarded a nearly $2.5 million grant to develop artificial enzymes that can produce bioluminescence in the body—which could make it possible to image tumors in deep tissues during the earliest phases of disease. Getting into Good Trouble In keeping with the words of the famed late civil rights icon and congressman John R. Lewis—namesake of John R. Lewis College—the newly created Good Trouble Academy is shaping students’ skills in activism and community leadership. UC Santa Cruz: Globally oriented, internationally connected In recognition of excellence in internationalization efforts, UC Santa Cruz received the prestigious 2024 Senator Paul Simon Award for Comprehensive Internationalization from NAFSA: Association of International Educators—one of only four U.S. universities to do so this year. See more news Our Voices: Sylvanna Falcón, associate professor, Latin American and Latino/a Studies Research about migration, social movements, and culture across the Americas deepens our understanding of the region and our commitment to our social justice values. See all videos To lead means … Creating real change Students at UC Santa Cruz learn from incredible faculty, develop new skills through hands-on research opportunities, and have a track record of making an impact. What kind of a pathbreaker, innovator, or changemaker will you become? Chart your course Serving our society World-class researchers at UC Santa Cruz unlock mysteries and help to transform our world, addressing some of our most pressing needs—from decoding cancer to protecting our natural environment to creating art that challenges assumptions. What will you contribute? Learn about our impact Shaping our future A global community of students, faculty, staff, and alumni, we are committed to climate and economic resiliency for our local and coastal environments through multidisciplinary research, and sustainable and equitable practices. Build a stronger world Become a Banana Slug, and lead the change. Get ready for your future UC Santa Cruz graduates are sought after for their knowledge, skills, and passion. Whether you plan to start working right away, or pursue graduate school or professional school, your UC Santa Cruz degree will help you on your way. Explore our majors and start your future. See for yourself One of the most extraordinary campuses in the world, UC Santa Cruz pairs high-impact research with 10 residential colleges—offering students the experience of a small liberal arts college with the depth and rigor of a major research university. Take a tour virtually or in person. Here to help A UC degree is worth it—and we can help you pay for it. Our financial aid program is one of the best out there. It supports students in all kinds of ways, whatever their background—with grants, scholarships, low-interest loans, and more. Get the details on different kinds of financial aid. Your journey awaits. When you become a Banana Slug, you join a community of artists, innovators, creators, and justice seekers united in using their voices to change the world. Apply now Instagram LinkedIn Mastodon Threads TikTok YouTube Feedback