The Sandbox Game — User-Generated Crypto & Blockchain Games Events Map Create Build Experiences Create Assets Game Jams Documentation Partnerships Find an Agency Success Stories Become a Partner Articles More About The Sandbox What is LAND SAND Token CATALYST Tokens English 한국어 简中 日本 繁中 Türk Log in Create account Play together, create anything, and own virtual land. Let’s build a whole new world together. Enter the metaverse Play together Connect in extraordinary ways Discover new experiences and make friends along the way. Go on epic quests, attend concerts, visit art galleries, and more. Express yourself through avatars and mingle across the metaverse in style! Customize your avatar Learn more Create anything Build the worlds of your dreams Whether you want to build unique experiences or design voxel-based NFTs, our creative tools can help bring your imagination to life in the metaverse. Own everything you create and sell your best work in the marketplace! Build Experiences Create assets Join the brands you love in the metaverse Item 1 of 16 Own virtual LAND Become a metaverse pioneer Buy LAND and turn it into a space where culture and creativity can thrive. Showcase your creations, feature great games, host events, and more. Join the movement and lead the way in shaping the metaverse! Sawasdee, Thaiverse LAND Sale Raffle is now open. Register for chance to get 1 of 195 LANDs! Enter Raffle Learn more about Sawasdee, Thaiverse See what others are playing right now Discover more 5.0 Dr. Bomkus Game Jam - Energy Run 151 Single Player by AlamayaStudios Premium 5.0 SUBVOX 63 Single Player by theJoncrow 4.7 TheBang 138 Single Player by addy2045 4.5 SCB 10X HQ: Social Hub 15 1K Multiplayer by SCB10X 4.8 TRENDY FACTORY 296 Single Player by Gikis 4.3 Shadows Untold: BLOOD ISLAND 124 Single Player by LUCIDITYUK 4.4 Aavegotchi - Ripples Of The Gotchiverse 30 1K Single Player by PixelcraftStudios Premium 5.0 CUDDLE CITADEL 33 Single Player by VauxMachinaStudios Premium 4.0 Bomkus' Brutal company 68 Single Player by Sandja 5.0 DOGAMÍ - DOGA CITY 434 Multiplayer by DOGAMI222 4.3 Rainbow Bridge : The Ascend 150 Multiplayer by TapNation Premium 4.9 Floor Droppers by MetaWorlds & Metatheory Studio + Partners! 194 Multiplayer by Lanzrr 4.5 -Hello, Help Us! 9 5K Single Player by MetaguildStudio Projectile Test Multiplayer by ContentBA Funpart1 Single Player by s8x5cd2qq Madball Only Up! Multiplayer by hopeful337 5.0 Fight for Survival! Single Player by thehiddenwalls 5.0 Blond:ish Island Adventures Single Player by thehiddenwalls 5.0 One Last Chance Mega City (ENG Edition) Multiplayer by thehiddenwalls 5.0 KOC - Goblin Battle Card Shop Single Player by batmann Ready to unlock a whole new world? Start exploring, find your communities, and make your mark in the metaverse! Enter the metaverse + INFO Documentation Whitepaper Licenses Careers Press FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Policy Marketplace Help Center Service Status Changelog Follow us Copyright © 2012- 2024 The Sandbox. All Rights Reserved Subsidiary of