The world’s fastest framework for building websites | Hugo HUGO News Docs Themes Showcase Community GitHub Search gohugoio Star The world’s fastest framework for building websites Hugo is one of the most popular open-source static site generators. With its amazing speed and flexibility, Hugo makes building websites fun again. Quick Start Blistering Speed What's modern about waiting for your site to build? Hugo is the fastest tool of its kind. At <1 ms per page, the average site builds in less than a second. Robust Content Management Flexibility rules. Hugo is a content strategist's dream. Hugo supports unlimited content types, taxonomies, menus, dynamic API-driven content, and more, all without plugins. Shortcodes Hugo's shortcodes are Markdown's hidden superpower. We love the beautiful simplicity of Markdown’s syntax, but there are times when we want more flexibility. Hugo shortcodes allow for both beauty and flexibility. Built-in Templates Hugo has common patterns to get your work done quickly. Hugo ships with pre-made templates to make quick work of SEO, commenting, analytics and other functions. One line of code, and you're done. Multilingual and i18n Polyglot baked in. Hugo provides full i18n support for multi-language sites with the same straightforward development experience Hugo users love in single-language sites. Custom Outputs HTML not enough? Hugo allows you to output your content in multiple formats, including JSON or AMP, and makes it easy to create your own. Hugo Sponsors 300+ Themes Hugo provides a robust theming system that is easy to implement but capable of producing even the most complicated websites. Check out the Hugo themes. Capable Templating Hugo's Go-based templating provides just the right amount of logic to build anything from the simple to complex. Get Started. Showcase Ampio Knowledge Base → Hapticmedia Blog → Godot Tutorials → Let’s Encrypt → Quiply Employee Communications App → Bypass Censorship → Overmind Studios → PHARMASEAL → Digital.gov → Alora Labs → Forestry.io → See All Install in seconds, build in milliseconds. Hugo works on macOS, Windows, Linux, FreeBSD, and others. Host on any server or your favorite CDN. macOS $ brew install hugo Windows $ choco install hugo-extended Linux $ sudo snap install hugo See the Getting Started Guide for other methods. See what others are saying about Hugo… Working with @GoHugoIO is such a joy. Having worked with #Jekyll in the past, the near instant preview is a big win! Did not expect this to make such a huge difference. ─ Heinrich Hartmann (@heinrichhartman) November 12, 2019 Can't overstate how much I enjoy @GoHugoIO. My site is relatively small, but *18 ms* to build the whole thing made template development and proofing a breeze. ─ Joshua Steven‏‏ (@jscarto) September 12, 2018 The more I use gohugo.io, the more I really like it. Super intuitive/powerful static site generator...great job @GoHugoIO ─ Christophe Diericx (@spcrngr_) June 3, 2017 Blog migrated from @WordPress to @GoHugoIO, with a little refresh of my theme, Vim shortcuts and a full featured deploy script #gohugo ─ marcoscan (@marcoscan) May 30, 2017 We welcome all contributions Fork the repo and work on an issue Design a theme Hugo is open-source and completely free. Our hundreds of contributors make Hugo great. More ways to contribute Help improve the docs Help others in the forums By the Hugo Authors File an IssueGet Help @GoHugoIO @spf13 @bepsays Hugo Sponsors The Hugo logos are copyright © Steve Francia 2013–2024. The Hugo Gopher is based on an original work by Renée French. News Docs Themes Showcase Community GitHub About Hugo Installation Getting started Quick reference Content management Templates Functions Methods Render hooks Hugo Modules Hugo Pipes CLI Troubleshooting Developer tools Hosting and deployment Contribute Maintenance Menu Docs Menu