Home | Ethereum Foundation BlogEF BlogSearchSkip to contentCategoriesR&D Research & DevelopmentEvents EventsOrg OrganizationalESP Ecosystem Support ProgramETH.org Ethereum.orgSec SecurityNxBn Next BillionProtocol Protocol AnnouncementsLanguagesSearchFebruary 29, 2024NxBnDevconnect Scholars Program - Ethereum Stories from Istanbul and Beyondby Team Next Billion Ethereum is growing, and diversity of human participation creates resilience throughout the ecosystem. The Devconnect Scholars Program is one small effort that aims to create resilience through community diversity. Better representation across human geography and demographics leads to diverse experiences and new perspectives that help the Ethereum protocol serve the coordination needs of all humans, not just a lucky few. Not only does better representation - leading to better geographical distribution of Ethereum nodes for example - help the security of the network, but we believe it is crucial in enriching our community and in making Ethereum stories tangible for more people. The Scholars Program brought to Devconnect Istanbul 22 builders from communities that are currently underrepresented in Ethereum. This post highlights just a few ofFebruary 27, 2024R&DDencun Mainnet Announcementby Protocol Support Team Mainnet blobs are coming .oO: Two years after its ETHDenver inception, dozens of testing calls and devnets later, protodanksharding is finally going live on mainnet! Dencun will activate on the Ethereum mainnet at epoch 269568, occuring on March 13, 2024 at 13:55 UTC. Node operators & stakers must upgrade their software to releases listed in this announcement. To receive email alerts for future network upgrade announcements, subscribe here. The Dencun network upgrade has successfully activated on all testnets. It is now set for deployment on the Ethereum mainnet and will activate on the network at epoch 269568, occuring on March 13, 2024 at 13:55 UTC. The upgrade, which follows last year's Shapella upgrade, includes several changes, most notably the introduction of ephemeralFebruary 21, 2024R&DZK Grants Roundby Rodrigo Vasquez The Ethereum Foundation is thrilled to announce a collaborative grant round with Aztec, Polygon, Scroll, Taiko, and zkSync to develop Zero Knowledge public goods projects. Each co-funder of the grant round has contributed 150K USD in funds, bringing the total grant pool to 900K USD. The breadth and complexity of the Layer 2 ecosystem has reached a point where identifying shared needs and dependencies requires the participation of domain experts from a range of stakeholders. The co-funders will, therefore, not only provide funding but also participate in the allocation decisions. Beyond more and better-informed funding, we hope this approach will facilitate increasing modularity and use of shared standards in the ZK L2 ecosystem. For this round the research teams have collaborated on a collective wishlist toFebruary 20, 2024ESPAllocation Update - Q4 2023by Ecosystem Support Program Team Even as we embrace the new year, the contributions of our Q4 2023 grantees are not forgotten! Explore the funded projects listed in the table below: February 7, 2024R&DIntroducing the EPF Study Groupby Josh Davis & Mario Havel The Ethereum Protocol Fellowship (EPF) is a program designed to reduce the barrier to entry for developers interested in working on the core protocol. As core developer (and EPF creator) Piper Merriam likes to say, the door is comically wide open. EPF helps you walk through it. Over the past two cohorts, one of the most frequent request we've received from applicants & participants was for better onboarding materials. Josh and Mario, the coordinators of the EPF, are excited to announce the launch of the EPF study group (EPFsg): a 10 week education series intended as a precursor to the Ethereum Protocol Fellowship (the fifth cohort is coming 🔜). EPFsg has been designed to guide and grow the next generation of Ethereum core developersJanuary 31, 2024ETH.orgEthereum.org year in reviewby Ethereum.org Team A look back at 2023, and a glimpse at what lies ahead in 2024 2023 was an excellent year for the team behind the ethereum.org website, and its community — we already feel a little nostalgic, but it's important to make space for celebrating the things the ethereum.org community helped us build in 2023 and continue the momentum in 2024. In that spirit, we prepared a recap with our 2023 highlights of the ethereum.org community — enjoy the reading! January 24, 2024R&DSepolia & Holesky Dencun Announcementby Protocol Support Team Important update: since the initial publication of this post, Lodestar has published a new release, v1.15.0, which Holesky users must upgrade to prior to Dencun's activation on February 7th. Additionally, Prysm and Nimbus have both published highly recommended releases for Holesky. Prysm users are encouraged to use v4.2.1, and Nimbus users v24.2.0. Goerli blobs are here: Dencun went live on Goerli at 6:32 UTC on January 17, 2024. You can now use blobs there! Sepolia and Holesky will upgrade over the next two weeks. Dencun will activate on Sepolia at epoch 132608 (January 30th, 22:51 UTC), and on Holesky at epoch 29696 (February 7th, 11:35 UTC). Client releases in this announcement are suitable for both testnet upgrades. Assuming the Sepolia and HoleskyJanuary 23, 2024R&DWrapping up the KZG Ceremonyby EF Protocol Support Team The KZG Ceremony was the largest multi-party computation of its kind (by number of participants). Through an open, accessible process, it produced a secure cryptographic foundation for EIP-4844. Learn more about how the Ceremony worked in Carl Beekhuizen's Devcon talk: "Summoning the spirit of the Dankshard" As the Dencun upgrade approaches, this post will serve as a comprehensive record of outcomes and people that brought the Ceremony to life in 2023. January 10, 2024R&DGoerli Dencun Announcementby Protocol Support Team The blobs are coming: Dencun will go live on Goerli at 6:32 UTC on January 17, 2024. Dencun will be Goerli's last upgrade before core teams stop supporting it. More on this in a previous post. Assuming the Goerli upgrade goes well, the Sepolia and Holesky testnets will activate Dencun over the next few weeks. To receive an email alert for network upgrade announcements, subscribe here. The Dencun network upgrade is scheduled to activate on the Goerli testnet at 6:32 UTC on January 17, 2024. The upgrade includes several changes, most notably the introduction of ephemeral data blobs with EIP-4844, also known as "protodanksharding", which will help reduce L2 transaction fees. Dencun follows last year's Shapella upgrade. It will firstNewer postsOlder postsSubscribe to Protocol AnnouncementsSign up to receive email notifications for protocol-related announcements, such as network upgrades, FAQs or security issues. You can opt-out of these at any time.Sign upEthereum Foundation•Ethereum.org•ESP•Bug Bounty Program•Do-not-Track•ArchiveCategoriesResearch & Development•Events•Organizational•Ecosystem Support Program•Ethereum.org•Security•Next Billion•Protocol Announcements