Microsoft Security Response Center Skip to main content Microsoft MSRC MSRC MSRC Home Report an issue Report Security Vulnerability Report Abuse Report Infringement Submission FAQs Customer guidance Security Update Guide Exploitability index Developer API documentation Frequently Asked Questions Technical Security Notifications Engage Microsoft Bug Bounty Programs Microsoft Active Protections Program BlueHat Security Conference Researcher Recognition Program Windows Security Servicing Criteria Who we are Mission Cyber Defense Operations Center Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure Social Blogs Microsoft Security Response Center Security Research &Defense BlueHat Conference Blog Acknowledgments Security Researcher Acknowledgments Online Services Researcher Acknowledgments Security Researcher Leaderboard More All Microsoft Global Microsoft 365 Teams Copilot Windows Surface Xbox Deals Small Business Support Software Software Windows Apps AI Outlook OneDrive Microsoft Teams OneNote Microsoft Edge Skype PCs &Devices PCs &Devices Computers Shop Xbox Accessories VR &mixed reality Certified Refurbished Trade-in for cash Entertainment Entertainment Xbox Game Pass Ultimate PC Game Pass Xbox games PC and Windows games Movies &TV Business Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 for business Microsoft Power Platform Windows 365 Microsoft Industry Small Business Developer &IT Developer &IT Azure Developer Center Documentation Microsoft Learn Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Other Other Microsoft Rewards Free downloads &security Education Gift cards Holiday gifts Licensing Unlocked stories View Sitemap Search Search Microsoft.com No results Cancel blog/ Microsoft Security Response Center Blog Faye’s Journey: From Security PM to Diversity Advocate at Microsoft Thursday, February 29, 2024 Faye, a veteran at Microsoft for 22 years, has had a career as varied as it is long. Her journey began in 2002 as the first desktop security Project Manager (PM) in Microsoft IT. From there, she transitioned into owning a deployment team that deployed to desktops and handled operations for Office’s first few customers. Read More Microsoft boosts its Microsoft 365 Insider Builds on Windows Bounty Program with higher awards and an expanded scope Tuesday, February 27, 2024 Starting today, we are doubling the maximum bounty award for the Microsoft 365 Insider Bug Bounty Program to $30,000 USD for high impact scenarios, such as unauthenticated non-sandboxed code execution with no user interaction. We are also expanding the scope of our bounty program to include more vulnerability types and products. Read More Office Bounty Bug Bounty Bug Bounty Programs Community-based Defense Security Security Research From Indiana Jones to Cybersecurity: The Inspiring Journey of Devin Monday, February 26, 2024 As a young boy, Devin found himself captivated by the adventures of Indiana Jones, the whip-wielding archaeologist from the VHS movies his grandfather showed him. The thrill of unearthing history and the allure of the unknown ignited a spark in Devin, leading him to dream of becoming an archaeologist. However, as he grew older and learned more about the realities of archaeology, he realized that his passion lay elsewhere. Read More BlueHat An Obsession With Impact: The Inspiring Journey of a Dreamer That Led to a Career at Microsoft Tuesday, February 20, 2024 Bruce’s story unfolds in Cincinnati, Ohio. As a young boy, he had an ambitious dream of one day becoming the President of the United States. This aspiration remained his guiding star until he began his professional career after college. His mother, amused by his Read More BlueHat Bounty New Security Advisory Tab Added to the Microsoft Security Update Guide Thursday, February 15, 2024 Today, we are adding a new Security Advisory tab to the Security Update Guide to meet our customers’ needs for a unified and authoritative source for the latest public information about Microsoft security updates and issues. We are continuously listening to feedback from users of the Security Update Guide. Our goal is to find new and improved ways to help customers manage security risks and keep their systems protected. Read More Security Update Guide Security Advisory MSRC Congratulations to the Top MSRC 2023 Q4 Security Researchers! Tuesday, January 30, 2024 Congratulations to all the researchers recognized in this quarter’s Microsoft Researcher Recognition Program leaderboard! Thank you to everyone for your hard work and continued partnership to secure customers. The top three researchers of the 2023 Q4 Security Researcher Leaderboard are Yuki Chen, Wei, VictorV! Check out the full list of researchers recognized this quarter here. Read More Researcher Recognition Security Research Security Researcher Community-based Defense Microsoft Actions Following Attack by Nation State Actor Midnight Blizzard Friday, January 19, 2024 The Microsoft security team detected a nation-state attack on our corporate systems on January 12, 2024, and immediately activated our response process to investigate, disrupt malicious activity, mitigate the attack, and deny the threat actor further access. Microsoft has identified the threat actor as Midnight Blizzard, the Russian state-sponsored actor also known as Nobelium. Read More BlueHat India Call for Papers is Now Open! Monday, January 08, 2024 You asked for it and it’s finally here! The inaugural BlueHat India conference will be held May 16-17th, 2024, in Hyderabad, India! This intimate conference will bring together a unique blend of security researchers and responders, who come together as peers to exchange ideas, experiences, and learnings in the interest of creating a safer and more secure world for all. Read More BlueHat Security Research Microsoft addresses App Installer abuse Thursday, December 28, 2023 Summary In recent months, Microsoft Threat Intelligence has observed threat actors leveraging social engineering and phishing techniques to target Windows OS users and utilizing the ms-appinstaller URI scheme. We have addressed and mitigated this malicious activity by turning off ms-appinstaller by default. Additionally, Microsoft has coordinated with Certificate Authorities to revoke the abused code signing certificates utilized by malware samples we have identified. Read More Attack Malware Windows Azure Serial Console Attack and Defense - Part 2 Tuesday, December 19, 2023 This is the second installment of the Azure Serial Console blog, which provides insights to improve defenders’ preparedness when investigating Azure Serial Console activity on Azure Linux virtual machines. While the first blog post discussed various tracing activities, such as using Azure activity and Sysmon logs on Windows virtual machines to trace serial console activity, this blog outlines how to enable logging for Azure Linux virtual machines using Sysmon for Linux to capture and how to send these events to a log analytics workspace. Read More Security Research Microsoft Threat Hunting Azure Serial Console Previous 2 3 4 5 6 ... Next Subscribe Categories MSRC (1064) Japan Security Team (1025) Security Research & Defense (380) BlueHat (190) Bug Bounty Programs (6) Microsoft Threat Hunting (5) Tags セキュリティ情報 (465) 脆弱性 (248) アドバイザリ (175) Internet Explorer (IE) (156) Security Update (140) Security Advisory (135) Security Bulletin (133) Mitigations (128) Community-based Defense (110) Microsoft Windows (106) View all Tags Recent Posts Faye’s Journey: From Security PM to Diversity Advocate at Microsoft Microsoft boosts its Microsoft 365 Insider Builds on Windows Bounty Program with higher awards and an expanded scope From Indiana Jones to Cybersecurity: The Inspiring Journey of Devin An Obsession With Impact: The Inspiring Journey of a Dreamer That Led to a Career at Microsoft New Security Advisory Tab Added to the Microsoft Security Update Guide Archives February 2024 (8) January 2024 (6) December 2023 (3) November 2023 (10) October 2023 (9) View full Archive What 's new Surface Laptop Studio 2 Surface Laptop Go 3 Surface Pro 9 Surface Laptop 5 Surface Studio 2+ Copilot in Windows Microsoft 365 Windows 11 apps Microsoft Store Account profile Download Center Microsoft Store support Returns Order tracking Certified Refurbished Microsoft Store Promise Flexible Payments Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education How to buy for your school Educator training and development Deals for students and parents Azure for students Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Power Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft Industry Small Business Developer &IT Azure Developer Center Documentation Microsoft Learn Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Diversity and inclusion Accessibility Sustainability English (United States) California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks Safety &eco Recycling About our ads ©Microsoft 2024