Wayne State University Skip to site menu Skip to page menu Skip to menu Skip to main content Wayne State University Events Parents Faculty Alumni Warrior strong Login Search Search: Search About Admissions and aid Programs Campus Research Students Athletics Libraries Login Make a gift Menu Give now About Admissions and aid Programs Campus Research Students Athletics Libraries Login Make a gift Give now Warrior pride In 1881, Anna Spencer Rankin, M.D., became the first woman to graduate from the School of Medicine. Presidential investiture ceremony The presidential investiture commemorates the beginning of a new chapter in university leadership. It is an opportunity to celebrate the official installation of our president and look ahead to a bright future. Women's History Month March offers a chance to recognize the contributions and accomplishments of women throughout history. Attend events during Women's History Month to learn more and celebrate! Hit the ground career ready Thanks to career learning opportunities like internships, job shadowing, clinical experiences, service learning and hands-on research, Wayne State students begin preparing for “what’s next” long before they graduate. These "learning by doing" opportunities help deepen a student's educational experience through application in real-world contexts, instilling marketable skills like critical thinking, leadership and communication that build a strong foundation for long-term career success. That’s one more reason why Wayne State graduates are in high demand in the marketplace. Below are just a few recent Warrior grads who sat down with us to tell their story. Stephanie Rastelli From the College of Fine, Performing and Communication Arts to General Motors Hani Qaqish From College of Engineering to Siemens Akil Clark From College of Engineering to Microsoft Learn more about our College to Career initiative About Nearly 24,000 students from each state and 70 countries choose to study here. Admissions and aid Our tuition is the lowest among Michigan's major research universities. Programs We offer more than 350 degree programs, from biomedical engineering to urban studies. Campus experience Experience everything you can expect from a major university — plus a whole lot more. Today@Wayne Despite glitches, students encouraged to fill out new FAFSA ASAP Research team to develop novel strategies to identify genetic contributions to cancer risk and overcome barriers to genetic testing for African Americans Public health student serves Detroiters, peers through internship experience Doctor of Pharmacy program earns full accreditation through 2031-32 Jeffrey Sposato named chair of Department of Music More news Events Parents and family Sign up for Campus Connection monthly newsletter March 5 Priority registration: Spring/Summer, Spring and Summer March 5 Fall 2024 schedule of classes online March 5 Transfer Tuesdays: Drop-in transfer advising (in-person or virtual) March 6 Winter Graduate School Information Session More events Our #WayneState community Spotlight of the day flickr Sunday, March 3, 2024 WSU Spotlight of the Day - A sunny day on campus WSU Spotlight of the Day submitted by Rayhauneh Molaei. Share your photos and videos below. instagram "Campus shining bright" instagram “Members of Melodytroit enjoying the first snowfall after practice!” ❄️ instagram It was a great day celebrating Warrior Wednesday with President Espy today! instagram “Festifall with W!” 💚💛 instagram Engineering/dance class of 2027! 🔰 instagram “First year of MSW!” ✅ x facebook flickr linkedin instagram youtube tiktok Wayne State University 42 W. Warren Ave.Detroit, MI 48202313-577-2424 Warrior strong Made with 💚 in Detroit Alumni Current students Faculty resources Leadership Newly admitted Parents Staff Accessibility Campus map Coronavirus Directories Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Giving Libraries Social media Annual security report Campus safety information and resources Careers Consumer information University Research Corridor (URC) Voluntary System of Accountability WDET 101.9 fm Detroit Public Radio Privacy and University Policies Wayne State University © 2024