Home – Wikimedia Foundation Skip to content Toggle menu Search for: Search Current language: en English العربية 中文 Français Русский Español Deutsch Donate now Search for: Search Our Work Support Wikipedia Research Advocacy Technology News Participate About Technology is important.Humanity is essential.Discover how we ensure humans remain central to compiling knowledge. The nonprofit Wikimedia Foundation provides the essential infrastructure for free knowledge. We host Wikipedia, the free online encyclopedia, created, edited, and verified by volunteers around the world, as well as many other vital community projects. All of which is made possible thanks to donations from individuals like you. We welcome anyone who shares our vision to join us in collecting and sharing knowledge that fully represents human diversity. Protect and sustain Wikipedia Donate Now Donations are secure Englishالعربية中文FrançaisРусскийEspañolDeutsch 1 Wikimedia projects belong to everyone You made it. It is yours to use. For free. That means you can use it, adapt it, or share what you find on Wikimedia sites. Just do not write your own bio, or copy/paste it into your homework. 2 We respect your data and privacy We do not sell your email address or any of your personal information to third parties. More information about our privacy practices are available at the Wikimedia Foundation privacy policy, donor privacy policy, and data retention guidelines. 3 People like you keep Wikipedia accurate Readers verify the facts. Articles are collaboratively created and edited by a community of volunteers using reliable sources, so no single person or company owns a Wikipedia article. The Wikimedia Foundation does not write or edit, but you and everyone you know can help. 4 Not all wikis are Wikimedia The word “wiki” refers to a website built using collaborative editing software. Projects with no past or existing affiliation with Wikipedia or the Wikimedia Foundation, such as Wikileaks and wikiHow, also use the term. Although these sites also use “wiki” in their name, they have nothing to do with Wikimedia. 280,000+ editors contribute to Wikimedia projects every month Share on X 100+ million media files on Wikimedia Commons and counting Share on X 1.5 billion unique devices access Wikimedia projects every month Share on X ResearchWe conduct our own research and partner with researchers worldwide to address change in society and technology.More about research TechnologyFrom site reliability to machine learning, our open-source technology makes Wikipedia faster, more reliable, and more accessible worldwide.More about technology AdvocacyWe fight to protect everyone’s right to access free and open knowledge.More about advocacy Collaborative projects are the core of the Wikimedia movement Our volunteers build tools, share photos, write articles, and are working to connect all the knowledge that exists. See all projects Wikipedia Free encyclopedia written in over 300 languages by volunteers around the world. Visit Wikipedia Wikimedia Commons The world’s largest free-to-use-library of illustrations, photos, drawings, videos and music. Visit Wikimedia Commons See what we have been up to Wikipedia is here to stay Technology Wikipedia People are why Wikipedia continues to persist. 16 January 2024 By Chris Albon Read more 7 motivos para você doar para a Wikipédia Donors Fundraising A Fundação Wikimedia, garante que cada doação que recebemos é reinvestida para servir a Wikipédia, projetos Wikimedia e nossa missão de conhecimento livre. 22 December 2023 By Lisa Seitz-Gruwell Read more Wikimedians are heroes of free knowledge Pranayraj Vangari Editor since 2013, Wikimedia community Vitor Mazuco Editor since 2009, Wikimedia community Arminé Aghayan Editor since 2013, Wikimedia community Throughout history, knowledge has been controlled by a powerful few. Wikipedia needs knowledge from all languages and cultures. The internet has become the default for accessing information—women, people of color, and the global south remain underrepresented. We invite you to help correct history. Join the movement Help us unlock the world’s knowledge.As a nonprofit, Wikipedia and our related free knowledge projects are powered primarily through donations.Donate now Contact usQuestions about the Wikimedia Foundation or our projects? Get in touch with our team.ContactFollow Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn Photo credits Wikimedia Foundation AI Blog Series Header File provided by Wikimedia Commons Jordan McRae CC BY-SA 4.0 Wikimedia 2022 4020 Wikimedia Foundation CC BY-SA 4.0 Pranayraj Vangari Pranayraj Vangari CC BY-SA 4.0 Vitor Mazuco File provided by Wikimedia Commons Matthew (WMF) CC BY-SA 3.0 Armine Aghayan File provided by Wikimedia Commons Victor Grigas CC BY-SA 3.0 Knowledge Is Human Homepage Animated Banner File provided by Wikimedia Commons Hannah Jacobs for the Wikimedia Foundation CC0 1.0 Wikimedia Conference 2017 File provided by Wikimedia Commons Jason Krüger/Wikimedia Deutschland e.V. CC BY-SA 4.0 Papaul_Tshibamba-3 File provided by Wikimedia Commons Victor Grigas CC BY SA 3.0 SOPA protest in Midtown NYC File provided by Wikimedia Commons Zachary McCune CC BY-SA 4.0 Wikipedia logo File provided by Wikimedia Commons Nohat; Paullusmagnus; Wikimedia CC-BY-SA 3.0 Wikimedia Commons logo File provided by Wikimedia Commons Reidab; User:Grunt; 3247 Public domain Art+Feminism Wikipedia edit-a-thon File provided by Wikimedia Commons Jens Mohr CC BY-SA 3.0 The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc is a nonprofit charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual content, and to providing the full content of these wiki-based projects to the public free of charge. Careers Contact Projects Wikipedia Wikibooks Wikiversity Wikinews Wiktionary Wikisource Wikiquote Wikivoyage Wikimedia Commons Wikidata Wikispecies Wikifunctions MediaWiki Movement Affiliates Wikimedia Chapters Wikimedia Thematic Organizations Wikimedia User Groups Other Terms of use Privacy policy Disclaimers Accessibility statement Cookie statement Except where otherwise noted, the content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license. Powered by WordPress.com VIP. Automattic Privacy Notice.