The EastAfrican News Business Opinion Science & Health Magazine Sports Rest of Africa KUSI IDEAS News East Africa Rest of Africa World Latest News Rwanda opposes AU support for SADC troops in Congo Kenyans resort to humour to counter unpopular state policies US sanctions Zimbabwe president Emmerson Mnangagwa over human rights abuses Somalia gains full membership of East African Community Business Latest Business Dangote wants to set up oil trading arm for Lagos mega refinery Two people die after planes collide mid air in Nairobi East Africa chief executives less optimistic about 2024 growth Digital space incomes grow for Kenyan youth Opinion Latest Opinion Comrade Okello’s critics should think again, thank him Dear Raila, this AU job is really a poisoned chalice In electric train era, the more the merrier, and Tanzania is arriving! How South Africa, US elections could shape Tshisekedi’s bread in Kinshasa Science & Health Latest Science & Health Scientists offer alternative to boost rice yield Unea fails to nail deal on solar engineering Africa needs China for its digital development – but at what price? Facial recognition tech gives rabies war massive shot Magazine Latest Magazine ‘Mzee Rukhsa’ opened doors for media and democracy Ugandan's work gets honourable mention at literary fest Why 'poor man's breakfast,' katogo, is going off menus The long road to freedom for artists in Tanzania Sports Latest Sports Shock as Kenyan athletes boycott African Games trials Paul Pogba banned for four years for doping, Italian media reports Kenyans mourn marathon star Kelvin Kiptum as body returns home Galeno gives Porto late win over Arsenal, Napoli draws with Barcelona Rest of Africa Latest Rest of Africa US sanctions Zimbabwe president Emmerson Mnangagwa over human rights abuses Junta leader Burhan demands return of Sudan to African Union membership Senegal crisis offers plenty of lessons to all Senegal: After dialogue, Sall struggles to win over doubtful public KUSI IDEAS Latest KUSI IDEAS Kusi Ideas Festival vouches for growth, African innovations Technologies continent’s farmers need to feed Africa How Africa can make most of diaspora finance Making most of Africa’s strategic green minerals to build the continent Rwanda opposes AU aid for SADC troops in Congo Rwanda claims SADC forces will only exacerbate the conflict. Two people die after mid-air collision in Nairobi All 39 passengers and five crew on board the Safarilink aircraft were evacuated safely. Dangote to set up oil trading arm for Lagos mega refinery The giant 650,000 barrel-per-day refinery is set to redraw global oil and fuel flows and the trading community is closely watching the way it... Shock as Kenyan athletes boycott African Games trials Athletics Kenya senior vice president Paul Mutwii and KNSC official Andrew Mudibo tried to intervene in vain. US sanctions Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa The US, however, retired old restrictions imposed on Harare in 2003. East Africa Kenyans fight unpopular state policies with memes Rest of Africa Burhan demands return of Sudan to AU East Africa Somalia gains full membership of EAC Business East Africa CEOs less optimistic about 2024 growth Business Tanzania, Ethiopia seal trade deals East Africa Museveni, Ruto ‘handshake’ to end DRC conflict, oil import dispute East Africa Ruto uses back channels to ease Ethiopia, Somalia tensions Partner Content Petro Group's SuperbBrand achievement Our journey towards inclusive connectivity and beyond Xiaomi unveils Redmi Note 13 Series: A new era of innovation Comment OBBO: How SA, US polls could shape Tshisekedi’s bread in Kinshasa Comment EYAKUZE: Thank God there are sisters who give a damn Comment ULIMWENGU: In electric train era, Tanzania is arriving! Comment BUWEMBO: Comrade Okello’s critics should think again Comment BUWEMBO: In Uganda we laugh from heart, not from lips News East Africa Rest of Africa World View More... African airlines mark fourth safe year in 2023 The accident rate improved from 10.88 per million sectors in 2022 to 6.38 in 2023, bettering the five-year average of 7.11 accidents per million sectors flown by African airlines. The man who oversaw Tanzania transition to market economy Nyerere had admitted that the Ujamaa policy – Tanzania’s socialist experience – had failed. ... After dialogue, Sall struggles to win over doubtful public Violence rocks Haiti amid PM Ariel Henry visit to Kenya Air Tanzania flight scare returns spotlight onto PW 1500G engines DRC says opposition politician died by suicide Five states pledge personnel for Haiti security mission Ethiopia frees French journalist after a week Business View More... World Bank: Tourism, key sectors to help Rwanda grow by 7.2pc A report by the bank shows that “fiscal consolidation will continue, focusing on reducing subsidies, overseeing state-owned enterprises, and introducing tax policy measures to broaden the revenue... Digital space incomes grow for Kenyan youth The prevalence of online jobs and cyber-related enterprises, indicate expanded opportunities...... Series of policy rate hikes see drop in Kenya household loans Uganda’s small banks struggle to raise capital Rating firms warn on Kenyan banks’ high exposure to bad debt Port of Mombasa receives longest-ever container ship Ghana power supplier disconnects parliament over debt Mauritian company buys stake in Kenya beverage firm Videos video Massive wildfire in Texas, US ravage 250,000 acres and prompts evacuations video Surviving climate change advertisement video Kenya former PM Raila declares interest in AU chairmanship job Opinion View More... NGUGI: Dear Raila, this AU job is really a poisoned chalice Raila’s politics and ideology have been one with Africa’s struggle to free itself from oppression by a corrupt and self-serving political oligarchy. BUWEMBO: Comrade Okello’s critics should think again Okello’s critics seem not to have noticed that at the time of his remarks, the...... ULIMWENGU: In electric train era, Tanzania is arriving! OBBO: How SA, US polls could shape Tshisekedi’s bread in Kinshasa EYAKUZE: Thank God there are sisters who give a damn BUWEMBO: In Uganda we laugh from heart, not from lips NGUGI: Irony of looters finding solution to looting crisis ULIMWENGU: We may as well start dissecting substantial issues Magazine View More... Ugandan's work gets honourable mention at literary fest Honourable Mention is a distinction conferred on works or persons of exceptional merit but not deserving of top honours. ‘Mzee Rukhsa’ opened doors for media, democracy Tanzania’s main opposition party Chadema says Mwinyi will be remembered for the way he oversaw...... Why 'poor man's breakfast,' katogo, is going off menus Berlinale winner Diop 'stands with Palestine' Digital media eat into radio listenership in Kenya African animated sci-fi series honoured with multiple awards Tanzanian, Kenyan films selected for Durban fete Civicus fights for imprisoned Burundi writer Science & Health View More... Unea fails to nail deal on solar engineering Resolution was dropped last minute after some delegates opposed it. Scientists offer alternative to boost rice yield There is a clear opportunity for increasing production via intensification, given that average...... Facial recognition tech gives rabies war massive shot Kenya procures more drugs to stem excessive bleeding after birth Why Kenya is experiencing hot weather Symptoms of an enlarged prostate and how is it treated State-sponsored surveillance rises, more focus on journalists, activists EA struggles to protect children online as digital life quality stagnates Sports View More... UCL: Porto stuns Arsenal in late winner, Napoli draws with Barca Arsenal are seeking to reach the quarterfinals for the first time since 2010 with their last seven Champions League campaigns all ending in the last 16. Pogba handed four-year ban for doping Pogba was provisionally suspended by Italy's national anti-doping tribunal in September 2023...... Fae confirmed Ivory Coast permanent coach Mbappe tells PSG he is leaving, report says Kenyan great who broke four world records in 81 days dies UCL: Lazio edge out 10-man Bayern as PSG beats Real Sociedad Afcon top scorer Nsue suspended for gross misconduct Kenyan athlete Chepchirchir gets 8-year ban for doping violation KUSI IDEAS View More... How Africa can make most of diaspora finance Remittances might lack the structure and formality of traditional philanthropy, but they play a central role in keeping people out of poverty and advancing community prosperity. Technologies continent’s farmers need to feed Africa After suffering from recurrent large-scale famines, Ethiopia has become net exporter of wheat...... Making most of Africa’s strategic green minerals to build the continent Part of Botswana heritage, phathisi is critical for cultural integration Ndudzo’s sculptures tell untold history of Southern African art NMG annual Kusi Ideas Festival now heads to Botswana Climate change adaptation should be Africa’s priority Kusi sets stage for Pan-African innovation marketplace News East Africa Rest of Africa World Business Opinion Science & Health Magazine Sports Rest of Africa KUSI IDEAS Apps Information Contact Us Frequently asked questions NMG Privacy Policy Terms of use Terms and Conditions of Use Our Blog Rules NMG Sites Nation ePaper Business Daily NTV NTV Uganda Daily Monitor The Citizen The Eastafrican Nation Media Group Follow us The East African Please enable JavaScript to use this website.