Queerty - Free of an agenda, except for that gay one. LGBTQ life, entertainment, politics and the goods - all for the gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and queer community. Latest Life Entertainment Politics Reality TV The Queerties Search for: Log in Register Latest Life Entertainment Politics Reality TV The Queerties The Queerties Goods Dragaholic Reality TV Health Joystick Out For Good Prepared Queerty Ever After The Queerty Interview Video (Queerty TV) LGBTQ Nation News GayCities Travel Guides Share a Tip Toggle Dark Mode wrestle me Frank Ocean looking jacked in a wrestling singlet has Gay Twitter™ in a headlock 52 minutes ago game not over Kari Lake finally ditches efforts to overturn 2022 election loss, but her legal problems are far from over 1 hour ago excerpt Former TV newscaster reflects on being closeted during the AIDS epidemic & falling hard into the ’90s circuit party scene 2 hours ago pumped Here’s how to get back to the life-changing benefits of the gymPresented by Planet Fitness maga takeover Lara Trump explains why she’s perfect for the RNC & even Republicans are rolling their eyes sandworm serve People can’t get enough of this extreme ‘Dune 2’ fan’s movie theater look much to see here Champion divers Bryden Hattie & Tyler Downs’ latest collab is making a big splash out of the pool screening room WATCH: A hookup gets too messy for one guy to handle in this intimate festival fave short film cutting back New study details how gay men helped curb the spread of mpox & stop the epidemic from getting worse blue is the warmest color Everyone’s feeling gooped & gagged over David Archuleta’s latest crush-worthy selfie but is it fashion? Was this fashion show a big gay disaster or pure genius? MAGA-pilled 37 commentsThe Trump White House was basically a giant pill mill, former senior staffers confirm from the archives This 1950s workout video is absurdly homoerotic retro record 8 commentsHow The Kinks casually made this queer rock ballad a smash hit in 1970 trailer park 11 commentsWATCH: We’re obsessed with Andrew Scott in Netflix’s latest queer take on ‘The Talented Mr. Ripley’ busted! 25 commentsKari Lake was just caught doing something super shady & now she’s pissed off MAGA more Life* *Queerty Ever After*Prepared*Dating monday news drop 14 commentsTom Daley’s deep dive, Jake Gyllenhaal’s sweaty wrestling match, Bowen Yang goes “full hetero” strike a pose Ice skating king Paul Poirier celebrates his latest championship with a sexy & sophisticated photo shoot mister mistr This tech titan makes gay men feel “invincible” by helping them get free PrEP cheers! Our favorite LGBTQ+ celebs & allies with their own liquor brands more Life Entertainment* *Trailer Park*retro record*Curtain Call bathhouse betty WATCH: Bette Midler recalls working at the Continental Baths in archive 1973 video dishin' it Bentley Robles dishes on bops for romantics, messy texting & why this ‘Hunger Games’ character is babygirl a gay old time 20 commentsDespite behind-the-scenes drama, Capote gives a delicious performance in this gay director’s whodunit one sexy sequel The thirst for Timothée Chalamet & the rest of the ‘Dune 2’ cast has the internet by the throat more Entertainment Politics* *Donald Trump*Pete Buttigieg*Memes beltway briefs 85 commentsMelania’s claws come out, Biden’s genius move & Mitch McConnell’s epic demise party boy 65 commentsMatt Gaetz was just humiliated in front of all his colleagues after moralizing about other people’s drug use busted 37 commentsWas Sarah Huckabee Sanders just caught in a Super Bowl-sized grift? the library is open 31 “I’d like to report a murder”: Election official expertly reads Kari Lake supporter over B.S. voter fraud claim more Politics Goods* *midnight snacc*Instastuds*thirst trap instastuds 10 commentsMatt Palmer’s package, Austin Show’s cruise & Andrés Camilo’s overalls midnight snacc That time video of Cristiano Ronaldo showering sent thirsty fans into overdrive midnight snacc Ryan Phillippe’s latest thirst trap has fans crying “Dadddyyyy” instastuds 14 commentsNyle DiMarco’s spread, Matteo Lane’s pits & Chris Olsen’s washboard more Goods Free of an agenda (except that gay one) A Q.Digital Company © 2024 Queerty, Inc. Proudly LGBTQ+ Owned and Operated 🏳️‍🌈 🏳️‍⚧️ Advertise With Us Contact Share a Tip Comments Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Privacy Notice for California Residents Follow Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube GayCities: Your Gay Travel Guide: New York London San Francisco Chicago Los Angeles Washington DC Dallas Gay Saskatoon See all 230+ cities... Queerty is a trademark of Q.Digital, Inc., registered in the state of California. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Do not sell my personal informationCookie SettingsAcceptManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept