Automotive, IoT & Industrial Solutions | NXP Semiconductors For best experience this site requires Javascript to be enabled. To enable on your browser, follow our accessibility instructions.× NXP Products Applications Design Center Support Company Language Orders Sign In Automotive, IoT & Industrial Solutions Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Printer Radar Startups OrangeBox APPLICATION Radar for New ADAS Vehicle Architectures Explore how NXP paves the way for new distributed radar architectures enabling advanced safety and comfort features as well as greater flexibility. Watch now CORPORATE Innovating Together: Startups x NXP Driving technologies of the future with NXP’s startups program. Share your business idea and discover joint collaboration opportunities. Explore now ANNOUNCEMENT Automotive Connectivity Dev Platform OrangeBox ecosystem expands with nine partners to accelerate vehicle architecture transformation. Start Prototyping Together, we accelerate the breakthroughs that advance our world. Automotive Communication Infrastructure Industrial Mobile Smart City Smart Home We design purpose-built, rigorously tested technologies that enable devices to sense, think, connect and act intelligently to improve people's daily lives. Spotlight on Radar Featured Enabling Software-Defined Radar Learn about radar innovations enabling 360-degree sensor fusion, better sensor resolution and AI-based object classification. Explore Radar Discover SAF86xx Press Release NXP Extends Industry-First 28 nm RFCMOS Radar One-Chip Family to Enable ADAS Architectures for Software-Defined Vehicles Jan 9, 2024 Video Distributed Aperture Radar at CES2024 Feb 21, 2024 White Paper 4D Imaging Radar: Sensors for Sustained L2+ Vehicle Enablement Sep 9, 2021 Start Designing Today with NXP Find the right product Product Finders Product Advisor Product Selector Cross Reference Find and build your complete solution Design Resources Community Design Advisor Designs Development Boards Documentation Engineering Services Partner Directory Partner Marketplace Software Ready to gain access to everything NXP? The reasons for registering keep growing. Sign up today and unlock a premium experience on NXP.com. Discover the Benefits "We have a vision of a world that anticipates and automates to meet all of our needs." Kurt Sievers President and Chief Executive Officer Meet the NXP leadership team Wij zijn NXP. 我们是恩智浦. Nous sommes NXP. 우리는 NXP입니다. Wir sind NXP. 私たちはNXPです. We are NXP. About NXP Corporate Overview Enabling a Better, More Sustainable World As our digitally-enhanced world is evolving to anticipate and automate people's needs, NXP strives to engage, protect and respect our relationship with the wider world. Sustainability Stories Long-Term Success With R&D Investment Investing in solutions that drive long-term, profitable growth, free cash flow and robust capital returns to our owners; enabling our customers' success. Investors Relations Decades of Expertise and Innovation Our technology enabled the first words relayed from the moon and ever since we’ve been accelerating the breakthroughs that advance our world. NXP History Bright Minds. Bright Futures. NXP team members create breakthrough technologies that advance our world. We're looking for innovative, passionate, and talented people like you to join our team. The future starts here. Careers at NXP NXP Newsroom NXP Smarter World Blog Scroll down NXP About NXP Careers Investors Media Contact Subscribe Facebook YouTube X (formerly Twitter) LinkedIn Privacy Terms of Use Terms of Sale Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Accessibility ©2006-2020 NXP Semiconductors. All rights reserved.