Desiring God The ‘Ask Pastor John’ book is now available → Desiring God Logo Articles Messages Books Podcasts Features About Give Ask Pastor John Questions and answers with John Piper Look at the Book Interactive Bible study with John Piper Solid Joys Daily devotional with John Piper Light + Truth Classic sermons from John Piper Articles Messages Books Podcasts Filter Resources By Ask Pastor John Questions and answers with John Piper Look at the Book Interactive Bible study with John Piper Solid Joys Daily devotional with John Piper Light + Truth Classic sermons from John Piper Most people in the world have no experience of lasting joy in their lives. We’re on a mission to change that. All of our resources exist to guide you toward everlasting joy in Jesus Christ. About Account Give Ask Pastor John The ‘Ask Pastor John’ Book Is Here John Piper Recent Arrow Right More Article Rejoicing over Judgment Why God’s Wrath Is Good News Mar 5, 2024 In this world of deep injustice, God’s coming judgment is reason to rejoice. On that day, full and final justice will come — and all in Christ will be safe. Sam Allberry Mar 5, 2024 Light + Truth Our Eternal Meeting Place Mar 5, 2024 Why is it good news that Jesus himself has become our new meeting place with God? In this episode of Light + Truth, John Piper looks to John 2:12–22 for an answer to that thought-provoking question. John Piper Mar 5, 2024 Look at the Book How Do Gentiles Become Sons of Abraham? Galatians 3:6–9, Part 3 Mar 5, 2024 How do Gentiles become sons of Abraham? And what is the blessing promised to all of Abraham’s true heirs? John Piper Mar 5, 2024 Article Temptations Common to Marriage Mar 4, 2024 Anyone who marries knows it can be hard. But if we both commit to loving Christ, we really can survive and thrive through the challenges. Bobby Scott Mar 4, 2024 Ask Pastor John Is Obedience Without Affection Still Love? Mar 4, 2024 If we obey God outwardly but feel no affection for him inwardly, is our obedience still love? Pastor John takes us to the heart beneath God-pleasing obedience. John Piper Mar 4, 2024 Light + Truth Jesus Loves His Bride Mar 4, 2024 How has Christ loved the church? In this episode of Light + Truth, John Piper opens John 2:1–11 to see the lengths the Son has gone to have his bride. John Piper Mar 4, 2024 Video Message Leaders in the Church Speaking and Living God’s Word Mar 3, 2024 Does church leadership seem endlessly complicated? Take heart. Christian leaders guide God’s people from where they are to where God wants them to go, using God’s methods. John Piper Mar 3, 2024 Article ‘Baptism Now Saves You’ The Meaning of a Misunderstood Text Mar 3, 2024 On its own, the water of baptism cannot wash away guilt or bring life to a dead soul, but it can powerfully express the faith through which God saves. Joshua Greever Mar 3, 2024 Look at the Book How Is Faith Counted as Righteousness? Galatians 3:6–9, Part 2 Mar 3, 2024 Galatians says that Abraham’s faith was counted to him as righteousness. What did that mean for him, and what does it mean for us? John Piper Mar 3, 2024 Audio Article Why We Long for Revival Mar 2, 2024 Why do earnest Christians long for revival? Because revival gives us more of our heart’s deepest desire and strongest delight: Jesus. Jon Bloom Mar 2, 2024 More Arrow New Resourcesin Your Inbox A digest from Desiring God Daily Weekly Subscribe Mark - Large God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in him Learn more about Desiring God Arrow Ways to Follow Follow Desiring God on Facebook Follow Desiring God on Instagram Twitter Follow Desiring God on Twitter Follow Desiring God on YouTube New Resources in Your Inbox Daily Weekly Subscribe Translations Permissions Privacy Give