Healthy Grocery, Organic Food & Supplements | Sprouts Farmers Market Enable Accessibility Skip Navigation ExploreRecipesArticles & ResourcesNew For YouLocal StoriesCommunitySaveWeekly AdDeals of the MonthDigital CouponsShop Diet Organic Gluten-free Plant-Based Keto Paleo Non-GMO Categories Sprouts Brands New Fresh Produce Bakery Deli Dairy Frozen Bulk Meat & Seafood Grocery Aisles Vitamins & Body Care Beer & Wine View All Pickup Delivery Catering Shopping list Explore Save Shop Account Explore Recipes Articles & Resources New For You Save Weekly Ad Deals of the Month Digital Coupons Shop Pickup Delivery Catering Shopping list BUY IT AGAIN Diet Organic Gluten Free Plant-based Keto Paleo Non-GMO Categories View all Sprouts Brands New Fresh Produce Bakery Deli Dairy Frozen Bulk Meat & Seafood Grocery Aisles Vitamins & Body Care Beer & Wine Account Log In / Register Sign Out Add Barcode To Wallet Account Preferences Purchase History Shopping List Saved Recipes FAQs Support Sprouts Brand Sale Up to 20% off* on Sprouts brand products! February 28-March 5 *Select items, varieties and sizes. Shop Now Sign up and save! Create a Sprouts account to enjoy exclusive savings throughout the store! Get Started Sprouts Brand Sale Up to 20% off* on Sprouts brand products! February 28-March 5 *Select items, varieties and sizes. Shop Now Sign up and save! Create a Sprouts account to enjoy exclusive savings throughout the store! Get Started Pickup Delivery Catering Shopping list Go Healthy Your Way™ Click on an icon below to explore products fit for your dietary needs and preferences. Organic Gluten-free Plant-based Keto Paleo Non-GMO Find It At Sprouts Sprouts Brand Discover a huge assortment of better-for-you items made with high-quality ingredients—at prices you’ll love. Shop now New For You Our foragers have searched far and wide to bring you the latest and most fabulous finds. Shop Now Discover un-beet-able deals and add your favorite items to your cart or shopping list directly from the weekly ad. View the weekly ad Sign up and save! Create an account to receive exclusive promotions, view the weekly ad and clip digital coupons. Get Started Peak Season Winter Citrus Explore limited time citrus bursting with flavor before they’re gone! Shop Now Sprouts Brand Sale Savings Unique Products and Healthy Essentials Enjoy hand-picked articles to help you find your healthy this season. Fresh Winter Produce Explore the season’s best citrus and how to use them with citrus-forward recipes! Learn More 5 Seafood Recipes We're Hooked On Enjoy a twist on your favorite responsibly caught seafood with tasty new recipes to try. Learn More Healthy Functional Snacks Give your body a boost with recipes crafted with protein, collagen or greens. Learn More Sprouts Fresh Sushi Dive in and take a peek at just how fresh our hand-rolled sushi is! Learn More Acai Berry Power Bowl Start the day with a breakfast loaded with berries, coconut and more. Psst—one of the ingredients is on sale! View Recipe Angel Hair Shrimp Pasta Spin your fork with a delicious angel hair shrimp pasta, while our Sprouts brand pasta is on sale! View Recipe Angel City Football Club (ACFC) Together, Sprouts and ACFC will create greater access to fresh foods and provide nutrition education for children throughout Los Angeles. Learn More PowHERed by Sprouts We’re on a mission to power women on and off the field whether it’s through healthy groceries or partnerships with the powerhouse athletes and organizations changing the game in women’s sports. Learn More COVID-19 Updates Learn more about our safety efforts in response to COVID-19. Learn More Weekly Ad Shop weekly specials and the hottest deals valid Wednesday–Tuesday. View the Weekly Ad Delivery & Pickup Schedule your healthy groceries for pickup or delivery! Prices may vary. ORDER GROCERIES Weekly Ad Shop weekly specials and the hottest deals valid Wednesday–Tuesday. View the Weekly Ad Delivery & Pickup Schedule your healthy groceries for pickup or delivery! Prices may vary. ORDER GROCERIES SHOP Sprouts Brands Weekly Deals Deals of the Month New For You Gift Cards ABOUTCommunity Sustainability Careers Stores New Vendors Sprouts Foundation Investors Newsroom GET SPROUTSPickup Delivery Catering CUSTOMER CAREFAQs Product Recalls Contact Us SIGN UP & SAVE SUBSCRIBE Visit our Facebook page Visit our Instagram page Visit our YouTube channel Visit our YouTube channel Visit our Pinterest page Visit our Threads Page Visit our App Store FIND YOUR HEALTHY SHOP Sprouts Brands Weekly Deals Deals of the Month New For You Gift Cards ABOUT Community Sustainability Careers Stores New Vendors Sprouts Foundation Investors Newsroom GET SPROUTS Pickup Delivery Catering CUSTOMER CARE FAQs Product Recalls Contact Us SIGN UP & SAVE SUBSCRIBE Visit our Facebook page Visit our Instagram page Visit our YouTube channel Visit our YouTube channel Visit our Pinterest page Visit our Threads Page Visit our App Store FIND YOUR HEALTHY © 2024 SFM LLC. Accessibility Statement Privacy Policy Terms Sitemap Disclosures Home Communication Preferences