Who Hosts This Website? Reveal Web Hosting Tech Behind Any Site Skip to content Menu Menu Web Hosting What is Web Hosting What is Domain Name Types of Web Hosting Explained Where to Buy Cheap Domain Names Hidden Cost of Website Hosting How to Host a Website How to Migrate to A New Host How Much to Pay for a Web Host Server Location & Latency > More Web Hosting Guide Best Hosting Best Cloud Hosting Services Best Email Hosting Services Best Hosting for Beginners Best Minecraft Server Hosting Best VPS Hosting Services Best Scalable Hosting Solutions Best Hosting for Small Business Cheap Web Hosting Plans Free Website Hosting Services HIPAA-Compliant Hosting Providers > Best Web Hosting of 2023 Host Reviews A2 Hosting Review BlueHost Review Cloudways Review GreenGeeks Review Hostinger Review InMotion Hosting Review ScalaHosting Review TMDHosting Review Wix Review Zyro Review > WHSR Host Reviews (Full List ) Site Building Best Website Building Platforms How to Create a Site from Scratch How to Host Your Website Different Types of Websites Explained Buy Cheap SSL & Setup How to Build a Simple Wix Website How to Build a Personal Website How to Create an Online Store How to Start a Blog with WordPress Improve Your Website Performance > More Website Creation Guide Online Safety Best Antivirus / Firewall Software Best Virtual Private Network (VPN) Best Password Managers Free Tools to Check Website Safety How to Access Dark Web Websites How to Clean Your Phone of Viruses Alternatives to VPN Services Surfshark Review NordVPN Review ExpressVPN Review > More Online Security Guide Other Blogging Tips Online Business eCommerce Privacy Unblock Web Tools VPN WordPress > All Articles Web Hosting Secret Revealed (WHSR) Reveal web infrastructure and technology information behind any website. Search As Seen in Host with the Best Provider We sign up & test web hosting services so that you can cut to the chase and host with the best. Our Best Web Hosting Picks Shared / VPS / Dedicated? Web hosting is bundled and sold in many ways. Knowing your choices can save you time and money. Different Types of Web Hosting Server Speed Explained for First-Time Web Hosting Shoppers Jerry Low When launching your first website, one aspect you need to take seriously is the server speed. In today's digital world, every second counts. The speed performance of your website, which is greatly affected by server speed, is critical for retaining visitors and ranking better on search engines. But what exactly is server speed? How do you measure server speed? We'll … Read More Uptime Guarantees: What You Need to Know When Choosing a Web Host? Jerry Low Picture this – You are running an online store, it's year-end shopping season, and lots of customers are checking out your products. All of a sudden, your website crashes, and your customers can't access any information or buy anything on your site. They start to leave and you're losing business. Worse still, your brand's reputation takes a hit. This is … Read More Website Hosting Cost Compared: How Much to Pay for a Web Host Jerry Low The cost of hosting a website depends mainly on the types of web hosts for which you sign up. Generally, shared hosting is the cheapest but with the lowest server capacity. Dedicated hosting is the most expensive and most powerful; while VPS hosting stands somewhere in between shared and dedicated hosting. Read More Best Web Hosting for Beginners – Start Your Journey with These Web Hosts Jerry Low While price is essential, new web hosting users often have other notable needs. Here's what you need to know when choosing a web host for the first time. Read More Best Web Hosting Services for Small Business – Reviewed & Compared Jerry Low Quick Pick At the top of my list – Hostinger, is the best hosting service for small businesses running simple websites. If you are selling products directly from your website – Shopify may be a better choice. Web hosting is the cornerstone of any digital presence, particularly for small businesses aiming to reach a wider audience and boost their revenue. … Read More Top Security Features to Look for in a Web Hosting Provider Timothy Shim 5 Cheap Alternatives to Google Domains After Shutdown Jerry Low PHP Version Support at Different Web Host Jerry Low Latency Explained: How Web Hosting Server Location Affects Your Website Speed Jerry Low How to Host Your Own Website with a Hosting Provider or Locally Jerry Low Domain Name and DNS Explained Jerry Low 10 Ways to Improve Your Website Speed Performance Jerry Low Website Performance Explained Jerry Low How to Create A Website: 3 Easy Methods, Step-by-step Guide Jerry Low What is a Subdomain: Definition, Use Cases & Examples Jerry Low How to Migrate Your Website to A New Web Host Jerry Low Different Ways to Manually Backup Your Server Jerry Low ISPConfig – German-based Open-Source Hosting Control Panel Daren Low 5 Best Web Hosting with Free Built-in CDN Jerry Low Web Hosting vs Cloud Hosting – What’s the Difference? Timothy Shim When You Should Not Build Your Website using Shopify Timothy Shim What is Shared Hosting: Definition, Use Cases & Examples Jerry Low 8 Little Known Open Source Web Hosting Control Panels Timothy Shim How to Create a BlueHost Account with Secret Discount Hack Jerry Low Is It Safe to Host at ScalaHosting? A Closer Look Into ScalaHosting Security Features Jerry Low Hidden Cost of Website Hosting Timothy Shim .Com Vs .Net Vs .Org: What's The Difference? Aloukik Rathore Sponsored Create a Website Without Coding Using Wix Creating a website of your own can be hard. Especially if you’re not the creative type and have zero coding skills. Thankfully, Wix provides over 800 built-in templates that you can use to create some spectacular web designs. From online stores to personal blogs and portfolio websites; hundreds of thousands of users have used Wix to create and manage their presence on the Internet. Build Your First Wix Site / Inspiring Wix Website Examples / Full Wix Review Compare Web Hosting Services iPage Review Timothy Shim InMotion Hosting Review Jerry Low Kinsta Review Jerry Low TMDHosting Review Jerry Low ScalaHosting Review Jason Chow GreenGeeks Review Jerry Low A2 Hosting Review Jerry Low BlueHost Review Jerry Low > See All Web Hosting Reviews Hostinger Review Jerry Low Bottom line, Hostinger is a good choice for those who are looking one-stop website hosting solution. They are extremely cheap on signup – which makes them especially right if you're a beginner on a tight budget. Read More Cloudways Review Jerry Low This site you are reading is hosted on Cloudways platform. Get actual user experience and server performance stats in thisreview. Read More Sponsored Streamline Your Business Workflow for Better Efficiency Getting tied down by paperwork is never fun. Instead of hiring expensive consultants or more staff – streamline your workflow by linking associated business modules. From invoicing to file storage and contract management, there’s no reason why it has to be worked on separately. Unify the work and you’ll find yourself with more time and less of a headache. Learn How Indy Can Help Optimize Your Business Process Building Websites, Digital Marketing & Cyber Security Website Building Platforms From simple drag-and-drop to advanced online store builders – Here are the best website builders to get the job done. 20+ Awesome Website Builders Buy SSL Certificates Google Chrome browser labels all websites using HTTP encryption as “not secure”, SSL certificate is now a must for all. Where to Buy SSL Certificate 11 Free Blogging Platforms Syed Balkhi How to Write and Design Engaging Newsletters: 8 Practical Tips & Winning Examples Antonio Gabrić The Beginner’s Guide to Twitter Marketing Syed Balkhi 7 High-Ticket Affiliate Programs to Monetize Your Site Jerry Low Wix vs. GoDaddy: Same Same But Different? Timothy Shim Spoofing Explained Gabija Stankeviciute Who Is Hosting This: 5 Website Host Checkers to Try Out Daren Low How to Create a Table of Content for Your WordPress Site Syed Balkhi TikTok Marketing for B2C vs B2B Business Roman Shvydun How to Create Effective Instagram Video Ads for Your Business David Pagotto 6 Truly Free VPNs to Consider Timothy Shim 7 Best Alternatives to WeTransfer Jerry Low > Read All Articles What is the Dark Web; How to Access Dark Web Websites? Timothy Shim You can access most of the Dark Web unhindered with the right browser. But what exactly is on the Dark Web; and what can you expect? Read More The Best Sites to Sell Your Stuffs Online Timothy Shim Whether you are a brick-and-mortar shop owner or a hobbyist looking to sell your unused kitchen equipment – there’s always a sales channel out there that’s a perfect fit for you. Read More How VPN Works? A Very Detailed VPN Guide for the Beginners Jerry Low The primary purpose of a VPN is to create a secure tunnel for your data to travel through to its servers before passing on to the Internet. This however, has resulted in some other benefits, such as location spoofing. But how does a VPN actually work? Read More Web Hosting Secret Revealed WebHostingSecretRevealed (WHSR) provides informative articles and free tools for bloggers and small business owners who need help in growing their presence online. More: About Us . Contact . AdvertiseConnect: Facebook . Twitter Our Articles In... Blogging . Copy Writing . eCommerce . Web Hosting . Online Business . Privacy . Search Engine Optimization . Cyber Security . Web Tools . WordPress . Unblock . Glossary Latest Updated Uptime Guarantees: What You Need to Know When Choosing a Web Host? Server Speed Explained for First-Time Web Hosting Shoppers What is Bandwidth & Data Transfer in Web Hosting? How Much Do I need? Sitemap . Write for Us . Disclosure . Privacy Policy . Terms of Service 2024 © All Rights Reserved Search for: