Privacy-friendly Website Analytics | GDPR-compliant, Real-time, Google Analytics alternative | Clicky clicky Login Register Help Privacy-friendly Website Analytics Clicky's privacy-friendly, GDPR-compliant website analytics service is used by more than one million websites around the globe. Register now Login Demo Learn more Compare "I don't know why would anyone want to use any analytic tool other than Clicky. The amount of data you get from this thing surpasses even Google's own analytic tool. I use Clicky on any site that I care about." -- Satrap, moneypantry.com -- More testimonials » Monitor, analyze, and react to your traffic in real time Privacy-friendly & GDPR-compliant No personal data. No tracking cookies. No bots or referrer spam Our bot detection and blocking is the best in the biz. Visitor and action logs See every visitor, page view, and javascript event. Anonymized and GDPR-compliant by default. Track ad-block visitors ~15% of people use ad-blockers, which also block even the most privacy-friendly trackers like Clicky. But these visitors can be tracked, by proxying all beacons through generic paths on your domain. Heatmaps View heatmaps by page, visitor, or segment. Security and anti-fraud, if you need it Optionally log more data for security or anti-fraud purposes, including full IP addresses, as defined by GDPR recital 47 . Uptime monitoring Receive alerts when your website goes offline so you can react immediately. Uptime is monitored from 7 locations around the globe. And so much more... The list of features is nearly endless. Compare Clicky vs the competition! Blog Jan 22 2024: Proxy tracking updates: Cookies, Caching, and X-Forwarded-For May 19 2023: Log ad-block visitors with reverse proxy tracking! May 7 2023: IPv6 support! Mar 21 2022: Privacy update: Cookie-free tracking is the new default Sep 20 2021: Two-factor authentication (2FA) Aug 25 2021: Big update for trends and graphs! Apr 30 2021: Protecting Sensitive Data in the Age of Remote Workforces Read more » Twitter Follow @clicky » See what others are saying » Register now Login Demo Learn more Compare Register Pricing White label analytics Marketshare Help Contact Blog Twitter Terms of service Privacy policy Do not sell my personal information Opt out Copyright © 2024, Roxr Software Ltd