School of Computing - University of Kent Jump to accessibility statement Jump to content The University of Kent cross cross School of Computing Menu About Undergraduate Postgraduate People Research Industry placements Business partnerships News Contact us Home Featured stories Leading innovation Computing students win top prize for plant self-watering device at Business Start-Up Journey finals Kent students develop new music service, Musish While on their year in industry in San Francisco, our students attracted the attention of Apple Computing at Kent rates highly in REF 2021 100% of the impact of our research is classified as world leading or internationally excellent Search for a course Search by course name, subject, UCAS code, and more Search by course name, subject, and more View all courses Undergraduate Postgraduate arrow right Search courses View all results Highlighted links Undergraduate Our flexible BSc degrees prepare you for a tech-based career in any sector. Postgraduate Study for a Master's or PhD in a School recognised for its world-leading research. People Meet our academic staff, research students, professional services and technical staff. Research Discover the impact our research has had on the wider world. Hear from our graduates There's never been a better time to study a degree in Computing. In a world going through technological, economic and cultural change, our graduates are in more and more demand each year. Don't just take our word for it, hear from our high-flying graduates and get inspired. Real world experience Enhance your studies and put your skills into practice with an industrial placement Industry placements Research excellence Our dynamic and supportive environment produces research that makes a positive impact on real-world issues. Find out more Home Office report on cyber security and abuse Domestic abuse perpetrators are increasingly using digital and online technologies to monitor, threaten and humiliate their victims, according to a Home Office report co-authored by Dr Jason Nurse. Read more £445,000 grant for research into quantum physics Professor Julio Hernandez-Castro and Lecturer Carlos Perez Delgado will research into quantum random number generators as part of the EPSRC Quantum Communications Hub. Read more Workshop on children's social media use Kent Law School and Kent Cyber Security Educational Centre (KeCSEC), hosted a virtual workshop entitled ‘Children’s Social Media Sites: Can they meet the ICO Age Appropriate Design Code of Practice?’ Read more Two awards for machine learning research Dr Caroline Li‘s research in using brain imaging technologies and AI to generate images could be transformative in the way in which humans interact with technology to signal their preferences in design. Read more Mixed reality platform for performing artists Researchers have developed an online platform to bring performing artists together remotely to rehearse and create mixed reality improvisational performance. Read more Guidelines for AI from the 18th Century Research from the University of Kent and Aalto University has concluded with four key guidelines for how society should view and utilise AI, based on fictional scenarios in 18th Century literature. Read more New app offers a virtual memorial space Dr Jim Ang involved in creation of Living Memory app to help people stay connected with deceased loved ones. Read more Royal Society Industry Fellowship with Shopify From 2021 to 2024, Dr Stefan Marr will work together with Dr Chris Seaton of Shopify on techniques to improve the performance of large-scale applications with millions of lines of code. Read more Stay connected Connect with us on facebook Connect with us on twitter Connect with us on instagram Connect with us on youtube Connect with us on linkedin unikentlive Instagram post on 28-February-2024 16:45:59 28 February 2024 When you’re walking home from Uni and can’t resist capturing the pretty sky 😍📸 @ikmavi #Uni #UniversityOfKent #Canterbury #VisitCanterbury #Kent #Sunset #Sky #Student #studentlife unikentlive Instagram post on 15-February-2024 12:08:31 15 February 2024 Yesterday, we were thrilled to host a fireside chat, Q&amp;A and meet and greet with entrepreneur and TV personality, Touker Suleyman. 💼 Touker inspired our students with his insights on the entrepreneurial journey, gave valuable advice on how to succeed in business, and even sha…Read more unikentlive Instagram post on 14-February-2024 11:40:23 14 February 2024 Happy Valentine's Day everyone! 💙 We've loved hearing all your Kent Love Stories, so thanks to everyone who shared one with us! 😘 Here's a few of our favourites so far! Photo 1 - Reg and Sue - "Met Reg Koster a Dutch postgrad in March 1979 in Keynes College two months before I gr…Read more unikentlive Instagram post on 12-February-2024 10:36:35 12 February 2024 With Valentine’s Day just days away we thought we’d start celebrating with some of our favourite Kent Love Stories starting with Brooke and Josh ❤️ Brooke said: “Josh and I met in October 2017 at a History social at Ruby Tuesdays and we then realised we were doing the same Histor…Read more General information Contact us The University of Kent University of Kent, Canterbury, Kent, CT2 7NZ Social media links Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on X Follow us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Subscribe to us on Youtube Subscribe to us on TikTok tiktok-logo-4500 Affiliations About us Research Governance and planning Access agreements Transparency return Modern Slavery Act Statement Charity information Locations Support us What's on News Business services Career opportunities Sustainability Courses Undergraduates Postgraduates International students Part-time and short courses Student experience Accommodation Fees and funding Scholarships Term dates Applicants Parents and family Students Staff Alumni Business and partners Paying online Other links © University of Kent Accessibility Contact us Feedback Legal Privacy notice Cookies Update your cookie consent We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. How do we use cookies?