Software Engineering Intelligence | Code Climate Skip to content Case Study OpenTable Leverages Velocity To Predictably Roll Out Platform Rewrite. Learn More Close Close banner Return to Code Climate homepage. Product Transformational Software Engineering Lead your team into the future with unprecedented visibility. Details What is Velocity? Get to know our Software Engineering Intelligence platform. Details How We Ensure Success Find out how Code Climate helps you achieve your goals. Details Key Features DORA Metrics Team360 Data Hygiene & Analysis Enterprise-Grade Security Solutions By Role Engineering Executives Engineering Managers Developers Engineering & Product Operations Finance Leaders Product & Business Leaders By Goal Become a Data-Driven Organization Gain Visibility & Predictability Improve Team Health Boost Team Efficiency Achieve Engineering Excellence Visibility = Impact. Engineering leaders need visibility. Here's how Velocity provides actionable insights. Resources Resources Blog Case Studies Learn Company Meet Us About Code Climate Code Climate Careers Get in Touch Contact Us Request a Demo Search Code Climate's website Click to search Code Climate Clear search term Trending Searches transformational engineering data hygiene dora metrics security Popular Resources Blog Post How to Measure Engineering Performance Uniformly Across Teams Blog Post Unlocking Efficiency: Optimizing Pull Request Reviews for Enterprise Engineering Teams Login Velocity Quality Request a demo Quality by Code Climate Close Trusted engineering insights for maximum business impact Code Climate’s flagship Software Engineering Intelligence platform, Velocity, empowers leaders at all levels with the critical context and visibility needed to improve everything from efficiency and on-time delivery to code quality and developer retention. Learn more Request a demo Scroll to content Powering Engineering Excellence Roku's Logo Slack's Logo JLL's Logo Gusto's Logo GitKraken's Logo Forbes's Logo Eventbrite's Logo Roku's Logo Slack's Logo JLL's Logo Gusto's Logo GitKraken's Logo Forbes's Logo Eventbrite's Logo Roku's Logo Slack's Logo JLL's Logo Gusto's Logo GitKraken's Logo Forbes's Logo Eventbrite's Logo View award details View award details View award details View award details View award details View award details View award details View award details Clarity, Delivered Engineer a Transformation To truly make the most of your leadership expertise, leverage a platform that combines a wide range of dependable data and essential context to deliver trusted and actionable insights. Lose the manual, error-prone reports, and get the real-time, accurate information you need to move your organization forward. Find out how Become a Data-Driven Organization Create consistency, improve communication, set effective targets, and make more informed decisions with the help of data-backed insights. Learn more Gain Unparalleled Visibility Go beyond gut feel with a holistic picture of your delivery pipeline so you can spot unplanned or at-risk work, take proactive action, and quickly course-correct when needed. Learn more Foster a Healthy, High-Performing Team Become a champion for developers to create an engaging work environment, grow talent, and promote a culture of safety and innovation. Learn more Boost Engineering Speed and Efficiency Improve operations and mitigate risk by looking at historical data to spot and remove blockers, optimize processes, and measure how work is tracking against goals. Learn more Build a Culture of Excellence Become a best-in-class engineering organization with insights, training, and benchmarks that enable managers to measure and improve team performance. Learn More What Can You Achieve With Velocity? Customer Successes Gain Visibility for Large Teams "If you have a large team, you cannot always trust personal perceptions or status reports, which can be subjective. You need real visibility into what is happening in your engineering organization. Code Climate Velocity gives us that." Paul Poppert, Signals to Stay Ahead "Velocity gives us signals that something is off in our environment or the way things are working so that we can address it proactively before it becomes a problem that impacts the organization. It is especially helpful at surfacing things that are hard to see otherwise." Sergio Rabiela, Ship 31% Faster "With less engineering pain, teams have more confidence in the processes and the work they are doing, which leads to better quality software, faster deployments, and more successful results. To achieve this, we need comprehensive, actionable metrics in real-time, and the only way to get those is with Code Climate Velocity." Joseph Gefroh, Meet 90% of Commitments "Velocity makes it so much easier to advocate for resources. For the first time, we can quantify what the engineers are actually doing. When you’re dealing with numbers-oriented people, being able to put the right numbers in front of them is meaningful." Mike Couvillion, 95% Increase in PR Throughput "Velocity helps me visualize engineering productivity data that leads me to identify opportunities to improve my teams and processes. It allows me to make data-driven decisions that give me the confidence I need to achieve business objectives more quickly and effectively." Alberto Silveira, Slide to previous slide Slide to next slide View all case studies How Velocity Works Turn Data into Action Velocity automatically and securely ingests, cleans, and analyzes information from the tools your team is already using, then surfaces actionable insights that can help you make better business decisions and deliver results. Your Partner in Change Insights That Drive Outcomes. Slide to previous slide Slide to next slide Rich Insights Expert Guidance Dependable Data Rich Insights With your historical data, industry benchmarks, and 60+ metrics out of the box, you don’t need to wait to start: Identifying trends in your team’s performance Spotting recurring bottlenecks and blockers Setting and tracking progress towards goals How we ensure success Expert Guidance We do more than just provide insights — we make sure you know what to do with them. You’ll benefit from the collective wisdom of a diverse community of engineering leaders, as well as our own experience helping thousands of customers achieve their goals. Be a more effective leader with: Forward-thinking thought leadership Comprehensive tactical resources Tailored action plans How we ensure success Dependable Data Our rigorous data hygiene and analysis protocols ensure that your insights are based on the most accurate information. Account for outliers and avoid proxy estimates with the ability to: Exclude data manually or by rule Automatically and securely ingest and clean data Connect to real incident and deploy data How we ensure success Resources Engineering Insights & Trends From the blog View all articles Leadership Why Engineering Leaders Need Software Engineering Intelligence Platforms By Rachael Roth May 08 Productivity To Build a High-Performance Engineering Team, Start by Identifying Bottlenecks in Your Process By Hillary Nussbaum May 25 Resources and guides View all resources ebooks Buyer’s Guide: Choosing a Software Engineering Intelligence Platform [ebook] By Code Climate June 05 Webinars Google Cloud’s Nathen Harvey on Maximizing Engineering Impact with DORA Metrics [WEBINAR] By Code Climate April 14 Using Velocity Using DORA Metrics: What is Change Failure Rate and Why Does it Matter? By Kyle Jones March 23 Leadership What is Value Stream Management? By Code Climate March 27 Slide to previous slide Slide to next slide Learn More Unlock the potential of your engineering team. Request a demo Return to Code Climate homepage. © 2024 Code Climate Product Transformational Software Engineering What is Velocity? How We Ensure Success Solutions by Goal Become a Data-Driven Organization Boost Team Efficiency Improve Team Health Gain Visibility and Predictability Resources Blogs Case Studies Learn Company Company Careers Contact Request a demo Support Quality by Code Climate Product Information Pricing Support A newsletter for thoughtful, data-driven leaders. Get Engineering Intelligence sent to your inbox, monthly. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Find Code Climate on LinkedIn. Find Code Climate on Twitter. Click to search Code Climate Clear search term VELOCITY Platform Transformational Software Engineering What is Velocity? How We Ensure Success Platform Features DORA Metrics Team360 Data Hygiene and Analysis Security Plan Login link opens in new window Solutions By Goal Become a Data-Driven Organization Gain Visibility and Predictability Improve Team Health Boost Team Efficiency Achieve Engineering Excellence By Role Developers Engineering Managers Engineering Execs Finance Leaders Product/Business Leaders Engineering and Product Operations Resources Blog Case Studies Learn Company About Careers Contact Request a demo Request a demo Quality by Code Climate Product Information Pricing Support