Valparaiso University Skip to content Search close Academics Admission Scholarships & Aid Life at Valpo Apply Request Info Visit Academics Admission Scholarships & Aid Life at Valpo MORE About Athletics News & Stories Events Alumni Current Students Faculty & Staff Campus Health Info Apply Request Info Visit Admission Apply online or through the Common App today Financial Aid View scholarship opportunities and important deadlines. Visit Schedule your campus visit and get to know life at Valpo. Uplift Valpo Our strategic plan and beacon for the future. Undergrad Transfer International Graduate Access College Valparaiso University Here’s everything school counselors and families need to know. 0 % Placement Rate 0 + Student Clubs and Organizations 0 + Hours of Community Outreach and Service Learning Let's Explore Or browse by degree type: Bachelor's Master's Doctoral Certificates BEYOND THE CLASSROOM Lavishing Attention in Uncertain Times How do you ward off unwelcome shadows? For Anna Stewart, Ph.D., director of the Institute for Leadership and Service, light is the answer – to be specific, the pastel hues of her daughter’s lava lamp and the breathless beauty of the sunrise. Visit the link below to read how you can approach the cycle of attention and reverence through the sacred, small moments that are all around us. Read More » Student Brings Art and Education Into Award-Winning Research Political science and economics double-major Meshach Melton ’24 has made Valpo history as the winner of the American Economic Association’s Andrew Brimmer Undergraduate Essay. His paper, “The Importance of Arts Education,” highlights the importance of arts education in schools while examining the shrinking budget most programs are contending with today. Read More » Valpo’s MBA Program is Nationally Recognized The College of Business’ master of business administration program is recognized nationwide. The program has once again placed on Money’s list of 2024 Best Graduate School Programs for 2024 – citing high placement rates and early career salaries. It was also included in the U.S. News & World Report of Best Online MBA Programs, founded on engagement, expert opinion, faculty credentials, and more. Read More » Valparaiso University Welcomes U.S. Representative Frank Mrvan United States Representative Frank J. Mrvan held a press conference in Valpo’s own LeBein Hall regarding $1 million in federal funding he helped secure for our nationally-renowned College of Nursing and Health Professions. Read More » VALPARAISO UNIVERSITY Valparaiso, IN 46383-6493 USA219.464.5000 social-instagram-fill social-facebook social-twitter social-youtube Contact Privacy Policy Emergency Information Careers Title IX Accessibility Campus Health Info Make a Gift Also of InterestDepartment of MusicLife at ValpoAdmission be_ixf;ym_202403 d_05; ct_50 be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26 https://www.valpo.edu/ https://www.valpo.edu/