Cook Political Report | Non-Partisan Political Analysis for US Elections & Campaigns Skip to main navigation Main navigation About Us Team Amy Walter David Wasserman Jessica Taylor Erin Covey Charles E. Cook, Jr. Full Team Contact Us Ratings House Senate Governors Electoral College Analysis House 2021-2022 Redistricting Senate Governors Presidential Charts House Road Map to Redistricting 2021-2022 2022 House Vote Tracker House Open Seat Tracker Senate Governors Cook PVI℠ 2023 Cook PVI 2022 Cook PVI Full 2022 Cook PVI Report District Map and List State Map and List Historical PVI Values (1997-2021) CPR+ The Odd Years The Odd Years Podcast Video Briefings Editors Roundtable First Person Events API Login Login Search Sort by Most recentRelevance Member links Find a race Menu Close Subscribe Now Search Sort by Most recentRelevance Member links Find a race Mobile: Main navigation About Us Team Amy Walter David Wasserman Jessica Taylor Erin Covey Charles E. Cook, Jr. Full Team Contact Us Ratings House Senate Governors Electoral College Analysis House 2021-2022 Redistricting Senate Governors Presidential Charts House Road Map to Redistricting 2021-2022 2022 House Vote Tracker House Open Seat Tracker Senate Governors Cook PVI℠ 2023 Cook PVI 2022 Cook PVI Full 2022 Cook PVI Report District Map and List State Map and List Historical PVI Values (1997-2021) CPR+ The Odd Years The Odd Years Podcast Video Briefings Editors Roundtable First Person Events API Subscribe Now Login Login Ohio House March 5, 2024 Ohio House Primary Preview: Kaptur’s Toledo Seat Moves to Toss Up March 5, 2024 Extra! Extra! Read All About It!Unlock 40 years of CPR analysis as an Insider. Access everything in our vault — from the first edition of The Cook Political Report in 1984 to today’s online analysis.The right analysis for making the right decisions. Every time.Send me the launch announcement Our Analysts' Latest Members Only Ohio House Ohio House Primary Preview: Kaptur’s Toledo Seat Moves to Toss Up Erin Covey March 5, 2024 Members Only Senate Overview McConnell’s Legacy Offers Republicans a Roadmap Back to the Senate Majority Jessica Taylor March 1, 2024 Members Only Redistricting House Rating Changes: Democrats Go Mild, Not Wild, With New York Map Makeover David Wasserman February 29, 2024 Members Only Senate Overview Previewing Tuesday’s Key Senate and Governor Primaries in California, Texas and North Carolina Jessica Taylor February 29, 2024 Members Only National Politics Will the Economy Finally Give Biden a Lift? Charlie Cook February 29, 2024 Members Only National Politics Take Presidential Primary Votes Seriously, but Not Literally Amy Walter February 27, 2024 Load More Articles What is The Cook Political Report? The Cook Political Report is an independent, non-partisan newsletter that analyzes elections and campaigns for the US House of Representatives, US Senate, Governors and President as well as American political trends. Subscribe Today What People Are Saying... The Cook Political Report is the gold standard in covering campaigns. KQED's Political Breakdown Turn off cable news. Tune out other political punditry. Do yourself a favor and subscribe to the Cook Political Report. It is the foremost authority in Washington on election analysis, forecasting, and political race handicapping. Tyson Redpath, The Russell Group Highly recommended…The Cook Political Report with Amy Walter, just a tremendous source of insights. David Axelrod, Hacks On Tap, CNN I decided to upgrade from being a casual fan of the CPR team to subscribing, when I realized the value a subscription offers. John V., Houston, TX The CPR with Amy Walter is a DC institution, as essential as the Lincoln Memorial or Ben’s Chili Bowl. I go to all three often! Martin Hamburger, Hamburger Group Creative Overall, we rate The Cook Political Report Least Biased based on a long track record of calling races based on known data. We also rate them High for factual reporting due to proper sourcing and a clean fact-check record. Media Bias / Fact Check The CPR has long been one of the absolute staples of American political handicapping... crucial...to the political community -- on Capitol Hill and nationally. Punchbowl News I love the Cook Political Report. I think it's wonderful…it's full of very straightforward information, but you also have a point of view, which is important. Kara Swisher, On With Kara Swisher The best, thoughtful – smart – political analysis. Bruce Mehlman, Mehlman Consulting Previous Next Subscribe Today Our subscribers have first access to individual race pages for each House, Senate and Governors race, which will include race ratings (each race is rated on a seven-point scale) and a narrative analysis pertaining to that race. Subscribe Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact 2311 Wilson Blvd Third Floor, Arlington, VA 22201 | Contact Us Main navigation About Us Ratings Analysis Charts Cook PVI℠ CPR+ API Copyright © 2024 by Cook Political Report. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions