Home - 7digital Home Solutions Our clients About us Get in Touch 7digital for... Music Services End-to-end services that remove complexity so you can focus on your users Fitness One-stop-shop for incorporating music into online fitness experiences Social Media A turnkey solution for social media platforms to deliver and manage music at scale in any format Features Music-as-a-Service Platform Access our flexible API platform built for any music format or business use Global Catalogue of Music Offer your users world-wide, regional or custom catalogue from over 80M SD and HD tracks 7digital Playlisting Tool Easily curate your cleared catalogue for your playlists in fitness, social, radio and more Partner Network & Integrations Explore our partnerships for enhanced music and reporting features Explore our guides and documentation 7digital for... Music Services Fitness Social Media Features Music-as-a-Service Platform Global Catalogue of Music 7digital Playlisting Tool Partner Integration Features Explore our guides & documentation A platform to power the best music experiences Today's leading apps in fitness, social, radio, gaming and background music use 7digital's API services to power music experiences that are engaging customers worldwide. Get in Touch Go Back 7digital for Music Services Our music-as-a-service platform powers top music services around the world. Access to leading global catalogue of music Faster music availability Manages all reporting complexity Trusted by the most popular brands and services Learn More Go Back 7digital for Fitness Our music-as-a-service platform powers top fitness brands around the world. End-to-end rights reconciliation Easy to use Instructor Playlisting Tool Access to more music for better playlisting Trusted partner to support your licensing needs Learn More Go Back 7digital for Social Media Our music-as-a-service platform powers top social media brands around the world. A music catalogue that fuels creativity 1000s of custom reports 24/7 continuous music flow Music clearances secured at scale Learn More Trusted by global brands and innovators Our music platform 7digital provides all the tools needed to offer and manage music as a core part of experiences in social, fitness, digital music services and more. Today, hundreds of millions of people around the world connect to music apps they love every day, powered by 7digital. The combination of a global catalogue, end-to-end and a-la-carte API services, and cloud-based scale opens the door to digital music innovation and reduces the cost and complexity of using music for streaming, UGC, VOD, and more. Image: Forme(L), Kuaishou(R) Benefits of the 7digital platform for brands and music services Hundreds of companies from streaming services to online fitness startups to global social platforms use 7digital's music-as-a-service platform to streamline the backend of music licensing and use. Our clients rely on our platform for services from ingestion and delivery to authorisation and reporting. 7digital's product, a technology platform, enables companies to connect their apps with licensed music from any label or publisher using a fully integrated suite of APIs that matches any user management, music format, and business model. One stop music solution Using 7digital's platform means less development, fewer integrations and reports, and more focus on your customers' music experiences. Compliance first mindset Our API and automated label/publisher integration guarantees the highest compliance standards to your rightsholder agreements Pre-built integrations Take advantage of integrations for systems like MRI, HFA, Super Hi-fi, Muzooka, and more for efficiency and differentiation. Reliability at scale Our systems serve clients with hundreds of millions of active users with 99.9%+ uptime. A platform built for growth Our API solutions make it easier to start, run and scale music services through adding new territories, tiers or formats. Licensing consulting Enjoy access to licensing support and consulting as you grow your customer base and music offerings. The backbone of the music industry's growth 80M + Tracks maintained in 7digital's world catalogue. 200M + DAU supported global audiences using 7digital. 82 territories supported by the world's music catalogue. 3M + Tracks ingested and available in real time every week. Ready to get started? Get in touch! Get in Touch About Us Who We Are News & Press Upcoming Events Blog & Insights Careers Solutions 7digital for Fitness 7digital for Music Services 7digital for Social Media Music-as-a-Service Platform Global Music Catalogue 7digital Playlisting Tool Partner Integration Features More Our Clients Developer APIs Investors Investors Home Reports AIM Rule 26 Latest RNS Share Price Advisors Registrar Music Store 7digital Music Store © 7digital Group PLC 2021 Legal Cookies