Deepening Our Content and SEO Skills with Stone Temple Consulting / Blogs / Perficient Skip to main content Content Marketing Deepening Our Content and SEO Skills with Stone Temple Consulting by Liz Drazen on July 16th, 2018 | ~ minute read Today, Perficient announced that it has acquired Stone Temple Consulting, Inc., a Boston-based $9 million annual revenue digital marketing agency. Stone Temple has an incredible reputation for delivering excellent search engine optimization and content marketing solutions. Perficient helps many of our clients with digital marketing, content marketing, search engine optimization (SEO) and content services. By acquiring Stone Temple, we are broadening and deepening our ability to help clients achieve this goal, enabling them to succeed, grow and beat their competition. “Their reputation for delivering excellent search engine optimization and content marketing solutions, customer-centric mentality, and solid client roster ensures a strong cultural fit and compelling opportunities for accelerated growth moving forward,” said Jeffrey Davis, Perficient’s chairman and CEO. With content, SEO, and customer experience so critical to our clients, we’re thrilled to add more digital marketing talent to the team in order to deliver on the promise. Award-winning, Results-driven Digital Marketing Our end-to-end offering is now strengthened with in-depth industry expertise and proprietary tools to produce results that drive success. Keyword Research Services SEO Services Mobile SEO Services SEO Training Services Local SEO Services On-Page SEO Services Due-Diligence SEO Audits SEO Advisory Services SEO Migration Services Industry Recognition The Drum Search Awards – 2018 Search Personality of the Year US Search Awards – 2018 Best Use of Content Marketing Award Digital Marketing Research Studies Our digital marketing research studies are renowned for breaking new ground and dispelling common myths. These SEO, social media, and content marketing studies significantly contribute to the knowledge base of the industry. Image Recognition Accuracy Study Mobile vs. Desktop Usage Study Voice Usage Trends The Canonical Guide to AMP Links as a Ranking Factor Page Speed Guide YouTube Marketing Resources Featured Snippets Guide Digital Personal Assistants Study Impact of Search Features on CTR Digital Marketing Excellence Blog Our digital marketing blog has been updated with frequent tips and thought leadership surrounding content marketing, SEO, and more. Below are many of our most popular articles. Visit our digital marketing blog here. Google SEO Certification: Why Doesn’t It Exist? Pagination Canonicalization & SEO: Your Technical Guide How Google’s Search Results Work: Crawling, Indexing and Ranking How Are People Using Facebook? Survey of 325 Users Keyword Cannibalization and SEO: What You Need to Know Mobile vs Desktop Usage: Mobile Grows But Desktop Still a Big Player in 2017 Does Author Authority Matter for Your Content and SEO? How Many Pages Should Your Website Have? – Hardcore Marketing Video Ello: The Complete Guide to the Ad Free Social Network Here’s Why Every other Monday, Eric Enge gives you the “why behind the what” of digital marketing in a 4-6-minute entertaining and informative video. We guarantee you’ll learn something new about SEO, social media, content marketing, and dozens of other digital marketing topics. Check out the latest Here’s Why videos. TagsContent Content Strategy customer experience digital marketing News Online Marketing search engine optimization seo Thoughts on “Deepening Our Content and SEO Skills with Stone Temple Consulting” Sandy Jonas June 14, 2022 at 12:19 am Your content is Very impressive, looks like you are also blessed with sharp writing skills. I liked the fact that it was easy to understand. Guys keep visiting Here.. Lerio August 4, 2022 at 9:31 am Thank you for the post. I feel smarter and more intelligent by going through this blog post. Water Treatment October 11, 2022 at 7:44 am I really like this post…. Well done Plumber Melbourne October 11, 2022 at 8:01 am Your article gives very clear data Peter Patrick October 17, 2022 at 4:15 am First of all thanks for the wonderful article. I found your article via google search. Its been very useful and help for our business. once again thanks a lot. Keep writing and inspiring! thank you Yale November 15, 2022 at 2:52 am Thanks for sharing ! Bryan Peart December 28, 2022 at 5:26 pm Hi Erin, Very in depth content with some great links, thank you. There are hours of content in here. FYI some of the links in the article don’t work anymore – thought you should know. It’s going to take me hours to read/view all this! Thanks again! ucmpl February 3, 2023 at 12:13 am This is really awesome blog!!! I finally found a great post here. depth world February 14, 2023 at 3:01 pm Thank you very much for this unique information. I am really thankful to you for this concept. Highly recommend reading this post. shahmeer February 15, 2023 at 12:06 pm very in-depth content with some great links, thank you. shahmeer February 15, 2023 at 12:07 pm This is really awesome blog! CloudContactAI February 16, 2023 at 6:23 am Thanks for sharing this post. It is an interesting post for everyone. When I read about this post then got more information. I like it. Easin Miazi February 18, 2023 at 5:23 am Thanks for sharing your wonderful thought.This is very helpful for me. Bidyut Jana November 6, 2023 at 1:22 am All steps guide in your blog have been help me to learn write the article of Digital Marketing … Leave a ReplyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment * Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Δ This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed. ← PREVIOUS POST NEXT POST → Liz Drazen More from this Author Categories Content Marketing Digital Marketing Follow Us GET TO KNOW US Who We Are What We Do Success Stories Insights Careers Investors News Room Contact Explore Industries Automotive Communications + Media + Technology Consumer Markets Energy + Utilities Financial Services Healthcare Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Functions Commerce Contact Center Finance Supply Chain © 2023 Perficient Inc, All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Use Customer Security Statement Human Rights Statement Do Not Share My Personal Information