National Institute on Aging Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (HHS) National Institutes of Health (NIH) The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. Menu Search Search Health Information A-Z Health Topics Alzheimer’s & Dementia Brain Health Caregiving End of Life Exercise and Physical Activity Healthy Eating Español Get Print Publications Infographics Resources for Health Care Professionals Research & Funding All Research & Funding Blog - Inside NIA Clinical Trials Training & Career Development Grants & Funding Health Disparities Research Research Resources Labs at NIA Division of Aging Biology Division of Behavioral and Social Research Division of Geriatrics and Clinical Gerontology Division of Neuroscience Division of Extramural Activities Quick Links NIA-Specific Funding Policies Scientific Review Small Business Program Training Opportunities for Special Populations Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias Funding Announcements Data Sharing Resources for Researchers News & Events All News & Events News Releases Announcements Events Research Highlights Multimedia Quick Links Media Inquiries Alzheimer’s & Related Dementias Press Kit About NIA All About NIA Budget & Testimony Strategic Directions National Advisory Council on Aging (NACA) Advances in Aging and Alzheimer's Research Scientific Workforce Diversity Staff Directory Careers Student Resources Connect with NIA Contact NIA Español Search Search NIA Celebrates 50 Years! For 50 years, the institute has led a broad scientific research effort to understand the nature of aging and to extend the healthy, active years of life. NIA is also the primary federal agency supporting and conducting Alzheimer's disease and related dementias research. Learn more about NIA's history Scientific Workforce Diversity at NIA Learn about NIA's work to improve research workforce diversity in aging research. Print Publications Order free NIA publications on healthy aging and Alzheimer’s. Available in English and Spanish. NIA is leading efforts to coordinate NIH palliative care research Apply by July 2 to build a centralized NIH approach for palliative care research and training. Latest News March 22, 2024 | Events Baltimore Area Repair Symposium (BARS) - 2024 March 19, 2024 | Events Palliative and Hospice Care Across the Lifespan: Expert Q&A February 29, 2024 | Research Highlights Mitochondrial DNA release drives cellular senescence and inflammation in mice February 22, 2024 | Research Highlights Age estimated by changes to DNA can help predict health outcomes, mortality in older adults View all news Health Topics Healthy aging High Blood Pressure and Older Adults Brain health Memory, Forgetfulness, and Aging: What's Normal and What's Not? Healthy eating, nutrition, and diet Healthy Meal Planning: Tips for Older Adults Exercise and physical activity Four Types of Exercise Can Improve Your Health and Physical Ability Find more health information Aging Research Programs & Activities Grants & Funding Get information on applying for funding from NIA. Data Sharing Resources for Researchers Explore resources to share and access data safely. Labs at NIA Read about NIA's intramural research and scientists. Training & Career Development Find opportunities for students and researchers. Learn more about NIA research Research Highlights February 29, 2024 Mitochondrial DNA release drives cellular senescence and inflammation in mice February 22, 2024 Age estimated by changes to DNA can help predict health outcomes, mortality in older adults February 15, 2024 Family-based study identifies potential new genetic factors linked to Alzheimer’s risk in people with African ancestry February 08, 2024 A sudden wealth loss may lead to cognitive decline See more highlights Resources for Health Professionals Tips for Improving Communication Learn how to talk effectively with older patients. Healthy Aging Resources Find materials to use in practice and to share with patients and communities. Alzheimer's & Related Dementias Access free clinical practice tools and training materials. Assessing Cognitive Impairment Read about assessing patients with memory loss or other signs of cognitive impairment. Explore more resources Alzheimers.gov Explore the Alzheimers.gov website for information and resources on Alzheimer’s and related dementias from across the federal government. Visit Alzheimers.gov Return to top Quick links About NIA A-Z health topics Clinical trials Careers Research divisions & contacts Staff directory Workforce diversity Contact NIA niaic@nia.nih.gov 800-222-2225 Contact us Follow us Facebook X Linkedin YouTube Newsletters Sign up to receive updates and resources delivered to your inbox. Sign up nia.nih.gov An official website of the National Institutes of Health Accessibility support FOIA requests No FEAR Act data Office of the Inspector General Performance reports Vulnerability disclosure policy Policy, Privacy, and Notices USA.gov