Enterprise IP and DLP Software | Digital Guardian Skip to main content Fortra.com International English French German Japanese Schedule a Demo Products Toggle submenu PLATFORM OVERVIEW Endpoint DLP Network DLP Data Classification Cloud Data Protection Data Discovery Analytics & Reporting Cloud Secure Collaboration Zero Trust File Transfer Management Console Integrations Pricing Explore Fortra's Full Solution Portfolio > DEPLOYMENT OPTIONS Cloud-Based SaaS On Premise Managed Security Services MIGRATION SERVICES Replace Forcepoint DLP Replace Symantec DLP WHITEPAPER TechnicalOverview DOWNLOAD NOW Solutions Toggle submenu CHALLENGES CASB Compliance Data Classification Security Data Visibility Data Loss Prevention User Activity Monitoring IP Protection Insider Threat Protection Office 365 Data Security Ransomware Protection Secure Service Edge (SSE) Data Protection Solutions > INDUSTRIES Business Services Education Energy Financial Services Healthcare Insurance Manufacturing Retail Technology BY ROLE CISO Information Security Analyst Incident Responder Threat Hunter Services Toggle submenu SERVICES AND SUPPORT Professional Services Training Support MANAGED SECURITY PROGRAM MSP Program Overview MSP for Endpoint DLP MSP for Network DLP MSP for Detection and Response MSP for Midsize Companies CASE STUDY Read how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days. READ NOW Resources Toggle submenu RESOURCE CENTER Analyst Reports Case Studies Datasheets Infographics Videos Webinars Whitepapers BLOG SECURITY KNOWLEDGE BASE Data Loss Prevention Cyber Security Endpoint Detection & Response Incident Response E-BOOK Definitive Guide to DLP DOWNLOAD NOW About Toggle submenu Management Our Story Careers Contact Us Awards Memberships News & Events Press Releases Partners Overview Partner Portal Login Find a Partner Pricing Comprehensive DLP for Rapid Deployment and Results powered by Our market-leading DLP, deployed via SaaS, gives you immediate visibility into your organization’s assets, blocking threats to your sensitive data before it’s lost. SEE A DEMO The Definitive Guide to DLP Compatible with Protect Critical Data and IP Wherever it Lives Our industry-leading data protection solution shows you where your sensitive data is located, how it flows in your organization, and where it is put at risk. Data Loss Prevention Locate, understand, and protect your sensitive data Comprehensive capabilities from discovery to monitoring to blocking Give soft and hard limits on allowed data actions, educating users while guarding against serious risk Market quadrant leading DLP Learn More Managed DLP Let our security experts host, administer, and run your data security platform, so you can run your business Our team can help deliver instant expertise and best practices, all customized to your data protection environment Eliminates burden of staffing shortages in cybersecurity Learn More SaaS & Cloud Data Protection Complete visibility to all hardware, software, data creation, data storage and data movement Dynamically defends against zero-day malware Simplified compliance solutions to maintain the visibility and control you need Learn More Secure Collaboration Encrypt and control access to sensitive files wherever they go A Zero Trust approach to file sharing, collaboration with anyone – external or internal Confidently protect intellectual property, brand, trademark and asset data Learn More A trusted leader in the data protection field. Market Quadrant Leading DLP READ THE REPORT GigaOm Radar for DLP READ THE REPORT DLP for Immediate Visibility and On-Demand Scalability See Results Quickly Intuitive, out-of-the-box dashboards provide immediate visibility into threats and help identify data egress. Greater Deployed Efficacy Help lay the foundation for your organizations’ future operational security. Faster start-up speeds deployment and enables greater progress to solution maturity. Protect Data Discover, monitor, log, and block threats to your data with pre-built policies that can help you avoid gaps and comply with evolving regulatory changes. Cross-Platform Coverage Support for hybrid environments provides coverage for Windows, macOS, or Linux operating systems, browsers, and applications. Interoperable Digital Guardian operates with existing data classification tools to allow for granular policies and advanced detection, reducing false positives and adding context to data. REQUEST A QUOTE Best-in-Class DLP Platform Intuitive dashboards, reporting and workflows. Schedule a Demo See how Digital Guardian can help protect your critical data wherever it lives. SCHEDULE A DEMO No time for a full demo? Watch an on-demand recording anytime. What’s New at Digital Guardian Featured Whitepaper How Multiple Industries Found Success with Digital Guardian Secure Collaboration Organizations from all shapes and sizes, from manufacturing to healthcare, have found success with Digital Guardian Secure Collaboration. Read through this eBook for 19 success stories describing how the tool has helped them securely share their data and IP. Read Now Featured Case Study Children's Hospital Protects Protected Health Information with Managed Data Loss Prevention Learn how Digital Guardian - with help from its Managed Security Program (MSP) - worked with this network of hospitals to significantly improve its security and privacy posture and curb data loss. Read Now Featured Webinar Getting to Know Fortra's Digital Guardian for Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Watch this webcast to hear how Digital Guardian's extensive customer experience and exclusive technology can give your organization the utmost visibility and control over its data. Watch Now Featured Analyst Report GigaOm Radar for DLP Just getting started with DLP? Learn why Fortra's Digital Guardian is both a Leader as well as a Fast Mover in the latest DLP industry report. Download Now Featured Webinar Your Data Is Traveling. Shouldn't Your Security? Stories from the Street with a Cybersecurity Veteran In this on-demand webinar, cybersecurity industry veteran and Fortra’s Director of Product Management for Data Protection Wade Barisoff will discuss his experience on both sides of the table, both as a Fortune 500 security director as well as leading product direction at Fortra. Watch Now Featured Whitepaper 6 Cybersecurity Thought Leaders Six experts share their perspectives on data protection. Its challenges, what the future looks like, and how to gain corporate support for your program. Read Now A Key Part of Fortra Digital Guardian is proud to be part of Fortra’s comprehensive cybersecurity portfolio, and one of the Data Protection family of products. Fortra simplifies today’s complex cybersecurity landscape by bringing complementary products together to solve problems in innovative ways. These integrated, scalable solutions address the fast-changing challenges you face in safeguarding your organization. With the help of the powerful protection from Digital Guardian and others, Fortra is your relentless ally, here for you every step of the way throughout your cybersecurity journey. Protect Critical Data and IP Gain immediate visibility into your organization’s assets. CONTACT US ↓ DLP Market Quadrant Contact Us Chat SOLUTIONS Compliance Data Visibility Data Loss Prevention PRODUCTS Platform Overview Endpoint DLP Network DLP Cloud Data Protection Data Classification Fortra Products ABOUT Our Story News and Events Press Releases Contact SERVICES & SUPPORT Support Partners Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright © Fortra, LLC and its group of companies. Fortra™, the Fortra™ logos, and other identified marks are proprietary trademarks of Fortra, LLC.