KPMG International - KPMG Global close Share with your friends Insights Industries Services Client Stories Careers About us KPMG Personalization Get the latest KPMG thought leadership directly to your individual personalized dashboard Register now Login ESG Governance ESG governance can underpin your success and accountability. ESG governance can underpin your success and accountability. Anchoring ESG in governance Anchoring ESG in governance Taking a strategic approach towards corporate governance, board-level responsibility and reporting. Taking a strategic approach towards corporate governance, board-level responsibility and reporting. Environmental, social and governance Environmental, social and governance ESG isn’t something you do — it’s everything you do. ESG isn’t something you do — it’s everything you do. The new era of sustainability reporting is here The new era of sustainability reporting is here Are you ready to report? Are you ready to report? ESG voices ESG voices A podcast series addressing the opportunities and challenges of ESG. A podcast series addressing the opportunities and challenges of ESG. Industries Asset Management Working with asset management firms, from institutional investors to wealth management, helping them make bold decisions required for future success. Banking and Capital Markets From the world’s largest banks to fintech’s, we help them create a future that is interconnected, secure and frictionless for their clients. Energy Shifting regulation, customer demands, and technologies are transforming the energy sector. Together we can tackle difficult issues. Government A global network of professionals who deliver meaningful results through a deep understanding of the issues and operations of the public sector. Life Sciences Building, reforming and transforming world-class biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device corporations to meet the demands of patients. Insurance Helping the world’s largest insurers dealing with regulatory changes, operational pressures and demands to digitize, prepare for the future. All Industries Services Audit and Assurance We are committed to serving the public interest by providing objective assurance over data on which investors rely. Tax & Legal You face steep compliance demands and complex changes; we help you transform your function to make a greater impact. Advisory Together, we help you create lasting value and responsible growth to make your business fit for tomorrow. Private Enterprise Helping entrepreneurs build great businesses. We know what it takes to be successful at each stage of your business. All Services Stay up to date with what matters to you Gain access to personalized content based on your interests by signing up today Stay up to date with what matters to you Sign up today Welcome See your personalized dashboard for content relevant to your interests. Dashboard Welcome You've been a member since Dashboard KPMG Insights Welcome to the KPMG knowledge base of research. Discover our thought leadership KPMG Blog Viewpoints from KPMG leaders and subject matter experts from around the world. Viewpoints from KPMG leaders and subject matter experts from around the world. Read our blogs Legal Privacy Accessibility Sitemap Help Glossary Events Legal Privacy Accessibility Sitemap Help Glossary Events Contact Locations Contact us Media Press releases Podcasts Alumni Contact Alumni facebook. Opens in a new window linkedin. Opens in a new window twitter. Opens in a new window youtube. Opens in a new window Contact Locations Contact us Media Press releases Podcasts Alumni Contact Alumni Request for proposal Submit RFP Submit RFP Subscription Subscribe Now Subscribe to KPMG Insights Subscription Subscription E-mail address is invalid. Email Address Submit © 2024 Copyright owned by one or more of the KPMG International entities. KPMG International entities provide no services to clients. All rights reserved. KPMG refers to the global organization or to one or more of the member firms of KPMG International Limited (“KPMG International”), each of which is a separate legal entity. KPMG International Limited is a private English company limited by guarantee and does not provide services to clients. For more detail about our structure please visit https://kpmg.com/governance. Member firms of the KPMG network of independent firms are affiliated with KPMG International. KPMG International provides no client services. No member firm has any authority to obligate or bind KPMG International or any other member firm vis-à-vis third parties, nor does KPMG International have any such authority to obligate or bind any member firm. close