Printer Working Group Toggle navigation Login Home About About the PWG Joining Members Officers BOF Sessions Mailing Lists Meetings Participating Privacy Policy Our Work Publications Informational Documents Namespaces Standards Technologies 3D Printing IPP Everywhere™ PWG Semantic Model Workgroups Active Workgroups Imaging Device Security Internet Printing Protocol Inactive Workgroups Cloud Imaging Model Semantic Model Workgroup for Imaging Management Solutions Search Search PWG × Close The Printer Working Group Our members include printer and multi-function device manufacturers, print server developers, operating system providers, print management application developers, and industry experts. We make printers, multi-function devices, and the applications and operating systems supporting them work together better. More Info Recent News PWG Formal Vote: IPP Enterprise Printing Extensions v2.0 (EPX) The PWG Formal Vote for the IPP Enterprise Printing Extensions v2.0 (EPX) specification is currently underway. More Info 3D Printing The PWG has defined an IPP extension for 3D printing using standard file formats and an associated XML print job ticket format. More Info IPP Everywhere™ Print to any network or USB printer without using special software from the manufacturer. More Info Find Printers PWG Semantic Model Support multiple network protocols and job ticket formats using our abstract model. More Info Standards PWG Standards define all of the common network protocols used by your printer. More Info PWG News PWG Last Call: IPP Enterprise Printing Extensions v2.0 (EPX) (concluded) Jan 2, 2024 The PWG Last Call of the IPP Enterprise Printing Extensions v2.0 (EPX) is now underway. View PWG Approved: PWG Media Standardized Names v2.1 (MSN) Sep 18, 2023 Candidate Standard 5101.1-2023: PWG Media Standardized Names v2.1 (MSN) has been approved. This document defines standard colorant and media names and naming conventions to be used by other PWG specifications. These lists of names are a superset of the names that are defined in the Printer MIB v2 (RFC 3805) and various Internet Printing Protocol documents. View PWG Approved: PWG Process 4.0 Sep 11, 2023 PWG Process 4.0 has been approved. This process document defines the fundamental entities, activities and procedures of the Printer Working Group. This document, and other PWG process documents, can be found on the PWG “about” page. View PWG Call for Objections: PWG Media Standardized Names v2.1 (MSN) (concluded) Aug 14, 2023 The PWG Call for Objections of the PWG Media Standardized Names v2.1 (MSN) has begun. View PWG Approved: IPP Driver Replacement Extensions v2.0 (NODRIVER) Mar 7, 2023 Candidate Standard 5100.13-2023: IPP Driver Replacement Extensions v2.0 (NODRIVER) has been approved. This specification defines new attributes, values, and operations to support features, capabilities, localization, and status information that traditionally could only be provided by vendor- or model-specific drivers. View View Older Articles Comments are owned by the poster. All other material is Copyright © 2001-2024 The Printer Working Group. All rights reserved. IPP Everywhere, the IPP Everywhere logo, and the PWG logo are trademarks of the IEEE-ISTO. About the PWG · Privacy Policy · PWG Webmaster