Environmental Working Group – EWG Exposes a Toxic Pesticide in People | Environmental Working Group Skip to main content Know your environment. Protect your health. Creators of Skin Deep Database Tapwater Database EWG Verified The New LedeSearch Menu Search Search this Site ×Close Dialog Navigate to Homepage Mega Menu Who We Are Who We Are Our Mission Our Impact Our Team Our Board Funding & Reports For Partners Support Our Work Contact Us Careers Areas of Focus Areas of Focus Food & Water Farming & Agriculture Personal Care Products Household & Consumer Products Energy Family Health Toxic Chemicals Regional Issues Key Issues PFAS Chemicals DuPont’s Teflon changed our lives, but also polluted our bodies. Today, Teflon-like compounds called PFAS are found in the blood of almost all Americans. These “forever chemicals” pollute water, don’t break down, and remain in the environment and people for decades. Consumer Guides Research News & Insights News & Insights News News Releases The New Lede Testimonies Official Correspondence Statements News Roundup For Media Our Experts Header Utility Menu Take Action Donate EWG Exposes a Toxic Pesticide in People Consumer Guides You have questions. We have answers. We built our consumer guides to help you learn about the hidden health dangers in your food, water and everyday products to make better decisions. Water Tap Water Database If you've ever wondered what's actually in your tap water, we have answers. Our Tap Water Database provides insight into pollutants in local water resources. November 3, 2021 Sunscreen Nanomaterials EWG's Guide to Sunscreens Sunscreen safety ratings that help you make the right purchase. May 23, 2023 Food Pesticides Children’s Health EWG's 2023 Shopper's Guide to Pesticides in Produce™ 75 percent of non-organic fruits and vegetables sold in the U.S. are still riddled with the potentially toxic agricultural chemicals, according to the EWG’s 2023 Shopper’s Guide to Pesticides in... March 15, 2023 Cosmetics Skin Deep® Since 2004, EWG's Skin Deep® cosmetic database has helped people protect themselves from potentially toxic chemicals in personal care and beauty products. January 20, 2021 Cleaning Supplies Guide to Healthy Cleaning EWG’s Guide to Healthy Cleaning provides you with easy-to-navigate hazard ratings for a wide range of cleaners and ingredients. February 26, 2021 Renewable Energy Guide to Solar Energy Our reliance on fossil fuels has had devastating consequences on our environment and human health. The coal, gas and oil we burn to generate electricity emits hundreds of toxic pollutants into the air... April 22, 2021 All Consumer Guides Mattresses that meet EWG's strictest standards From cribs, to california kings -- we have done the work for you to find the mattresses that meet the mark when it comes to chemical safety. Sleep safe with EWG VERIFIED: Mattresses We’re in this together Donate today and join the fight to protect our environmental health. Donate News & Research Stay informed. Stay healthy. News Climate & Agriculture Conservation New USDA ‘climate-smart’ list includes many conservation practices with likely no climate benefits February 28, 2024 Utilities Federal & State Energy Policy Renewable Energy California 300+ solar workers and supporters rally in support of solar energy and urge Sacramento to keep California a solar state February 28, 2024 Water PFAS Chemicals California California lawmaker introduces bill to end non-essential uses of toxic ‘forever chemicals’ February 22, 2024 Food Children’s Health Chlormequat Pesticides EWG finds little-known toxic chemical in four out of five people tested February 15, 2024 All News Featured Research Food Food Chemicals EWG’s Dirty Dozen Guide to Food Chemicals: The top 12 to avoid Our food should be nourishing and safe to eat. But more than 10,000 chemicals are allowed in food sold in the U.S. Some are direct additives. February 29, 2024 EWG's Dirty Dozen and Clean Fifteen Lists are here! Get your FREE digital copy now. Search this Site Environmental Working Group 1250 I Street NW Suite 1000 Washington, DC 20005 All Offices Contact Us Connect on Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Footer -- Footer menu Who We Are Our Mission Our Team Our Board Funding & Reports Support Our Work For Partners Careers Areas of Focus Key Issues Food & Water Farming & Agriculture Personal Care Products Household & Consumer Products Energy Family Health Toxic Chemicals Regional Issues Take Action Sign a Petition Support Key Legislation Donate Share Consumer Guides Research News & Insights EWG is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation, EIN 52-2148600. Copyright © 2023, Environmental Working Group. All rights reserved. Visit EWG's 501(c)(4) organization, EWG Action Fund. Footer Utility Menu Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Reprint Permission Information Back to Top Who We Are Our Mission Our Impact Our Team Our Board Funding & Reports For Partners Support Our Work Contact Us Careers Areas of Focus Food & Water Farming & Agriculture Personal Care Products Household & Consumer Products Energy Family Health Toxic Chemicals Regional Issues Consumer Guides Research News & Insights News News Releases The New Lede Testimonies Official Correspondence Statements News Roundup For Media Our Experts Take Action Ways to Give Sign a Petition Support Key Legislation Share Donate Creators of Skin Deep Database Tapwater Database EWG Verified The New LedeSearch