Camera news, reviews and features | Digital Camera World Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Digital Camera World Digital Camera World THE HOME OF DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY Search Search Digital Camera World Sign in View Profile Sign out Subscribe US EditionUSCanadaUKAustralia Photography MagazinesWhy subscribe?Mother's Day Special: Get a £10 VEX gift card when you subscribe!Enjoy 12 months for £/$/€12Delivered to your Android or IOS deviceEvery issue is packed with photo tips, kit reviews and inspirationFrom$12View Deal Subscription offers News Reviews Features Tutorials Buying Guides Magazines The Photography Show Digital Camera PhotoPlus N-Photo Digital Photographer Australian Camera Australian ProPhoto Photography Week About us PopularCamera rumorsPhotography Show 2024Photo mag dealsCamera phonesBinoculars Trending DxO PureRAW 4 launches with improved image quality and workflow By Rod Lawton published 5 March 24 News With better edge sharpening, a new preview option and more, PureRAW 4 can make your raw files look better than ever Is Apple so embarrassed by its prices that it won't get us all together this month? By Adam Juniper published 5 March 24 News The long-awaited Apple Spring event might NOT be happening in 2024 but why? Nothing new? Or nothing people can afford? This film can achieve 500 MEGAPIXELS of data, but is it worth it? By Sebastian Oakley published 5 March 24 opinion A 500-megapixel 35mm film… you've got to be joking? Shure claims its new MoveMic is the "world's smallest" wireless lavalier microphone By Gareth Bevan published 5 March 24 news Shure claims the MoveMic is the "smallest, best-sounding, dual-channel direct-to-phone wireless lavalier solution available" Church vicars called 'rude' and 'aggressive' by over 900 wedding photographers By Adam Juniper published 5 March 24 News After 900 photographers signed a petition, the former Arch Bishop of Canterbury stepped into the debate I wish I'd bought mine this cheap! There's $450 off my favorite 512GB CFexpress card By James Artaius published 5 March 24 DEAL My go-to 512GB SanDisk CFexpress card has been slashed by $450 – it's now just $150! RIP: Nikon is axing its most outrageous and impressive camera of recent times Unique, trail-blazing, yet arguably unnecessary: this is my eulogy to a camera that was a legend right from its launch news Add a cinematic film look to your images with the new PolarPro X Shortstache filter PolorPro has launched a unique lens filter combination in collaboration with Shortstache, designed for everyday shooting News Hahnel UniPal Plus review: One universal charger to rule them all? Should you replace your camera chargers with this universal offering from Hahnel? We find out… Review Honor claims to have made the best phone for sports photography, so I put it to the test Honor claims the Magic 6 Pro is the world's best "Sportography" phone – challenge accepted FEATURE Latest News & Events View more DxO PureRAW 4 launches with improved image quality and workflow By Rod Lawton published 5 March 24 News With better edge sharpening, a new preview option and more, PureRAW 4 can make your raw files look better than ever News Is Apple so embarrassed by its prices that it won't get us all together this month? By Adam Juniper published 5 March 24 News The long-awaited Apple Spring event might NOT be happening in 2024 but why? Nothing new? Or nothing people can afford? News This film can achieve 500 MEGAPIXELS of data, but is it worth it? By Sebastian Oakley published 5 March 24 opinion A 500-megapixel 35mm film… you've got to be joking? News Shure claims its new MoveMic is the "world's smallest" wireless lavalier microphone By Gareth Bevan published 5 March 24 news Shure claims the MoveMic is the "smallest, best-sounding, dual-channel direct-to-phone wireless lavalier solution available" News Church vicars called 'rude' and 'aggressive' by over 900 wedding photographers By Adam Juniper published 5 March 24 News After 900 photographers signed a petition, the former Arch Bishop of Canterbury stepped into the debate News I wish I'd bought mine this cheap! There's $450 off my favorite 512GB CFexpress card By James Artaius published 5 March 24 DEAL My go-to 512GB SanDisk CFexpress card has been slashed by $450 – it's now just $150! News Radiant Photo unveils 'ground-breaking' update that focuses on preserving natural skin tones with AI By Kalum Carter published 4 March 24 News The new Radiant Photo update focuses on preserving natural skin tones while enhancing overall image editing News Realme 12+ revealed: accessibly-priced camera phone with premium features By Ben Andrews published 4 March 24 news Solid primary camera specs and a high-end screen give this budget handset real appeal News Bring & buy charity camera sale returns to The Photography & Video Show By Chris George published 4 March 24 TPS 2024 Donate your old photo gear at The Photography & Video Show to help raise funds for The Disabled Photographers' Society News View all Meet The Team James ArtaiusEditorAdam JuniperManaging EditorGareth BevanReviews EditorBen AndrewsLab ManagerChris GeorgeContent DirectorSebastian OakleyEcommerce EditorKalum CarterStaff WriterHannah RookeStaff Writer Latest Tutorials & Features View more I went on a tour of Alaska to improve my photography. Here's what I learned By N-Photo published 4 March 24 My Mission Chris Aldred heads to the photogenic capital for a photo tour encompassing street photography, architecture and light trails Features "Since the early days of my journey, The Photography Show has nurtured my creative growth” By Kim Bunermann published 4 March 24 feature Bella Kotak takes us on a journey to discover her photographic art and reveals what we can expect from her talk at TPS Features "I’m spoiled with my monochrome camera sensors – color sensors don’t really do it for me, or at least, it’s a fight" By Digital Photographer, Kim Bunermann published 4 March 24 feature Alan Schaller shares why he felt physical pain after buying his first Leica camera and shares exclusive insights on his latest book 'Metropolis' Features Pro tips: How to start and excel in wildlife photography, and exhibit your work online By Digital Photographer published 3 March 24 PRO TIPS Essential career advice and insight on wildlife photography from Digital Photographer magazine's professional community Tutorials What's the key to dog photography? "The main thing is to pay the dog – a dog needs to be paid for any behavior" By Niall Hampton published 3 March 24 Photography & Video Show Multi-award-winning photographer Jess McGovern talks training dogs, photographing dogs, the kit she uses and sharing her knowledge Features I was charged by a pissed-off elephant during a photo safari By James Artaius published 3 March 24 WORLD WILDLIFE DAY I got some great photographs while on safari in Africa… but I also got charged by an angry elephant. Here's a look back at my experience, to celebrate World Wildlife Day Features Pro kit: Fashion, underwater and commercial pro Rafał Makiela reveals his essential gear By Dan Mold published 2 March 24 PRO KIT Pro fashion, underwater and commercial photographer Rafał Makiela reveals the camera gear he can’t shoot without Features GuruShots: Winning images from the latest Minimalism Magic photo challenge By Sponsored published 2 March 24 SPONSORED We teamed up with online photo game GuruShots to showcase the very best images from the 'Minimalism Magic' competition Features Sean Tucker: "Some street photographers will tell you I’m not a street photographer" By Niall Hampton published 29 February 24 INTERVIEW Sean Tucker is giving two talks at The Photography & Video Show. He talks to us about street photography, "run-of-the-mill" client work and training as a therapist Features Get the Digital Camera World NewsletterThe best camera deals, reviews, product advice, and unmissable photography news, direct to your inbox!Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Latest Reviews & Buying Guides View more DxO PureRAW 4 review By Rod Lawton published 5 March 24 Review Your raw files never looked so good! DxO PureRAW 4 can extract amazing quality from the most mediocre camera gear Reviews Anker MagGo Wireless Charging Pad review: this simple wireless charger does the job By Gareth Bevan published 5 March 24 Review This wireless charging pad doesn’t have any flashy gimmicks, but it does offer a simple way to charge your iPhone wirelessly Reviews Honor Magic 6 Pro review: the anti-iPhone By Basil Kronfli published 4 March 24 Review Bucking the Apple-a-like trend, Honor's Magic 6 Pro thinks differently and gets a lot right in the process – especially with its camera. Reviews SJCAM SJ20 Dual Lens review: built for the night, but does it bring the promised value? By Adam Juniper published 4 March 24 Review With two cameras, can this action camera beat the GoPro in the dark, remain easy to use, and save you some cash? Reviews Nebula by Anker Mars 3 Air review: Neat, bright, and not too pricey By Adam Juniper published 4 March 24 Review A portable battery projector with all the trimmings and the most modern software can entertain but is it the best? Reviews Asus TUF A16 laptop review By Jeremy Laird published 4 March 24 Review Can the new all-AMD Asus TUF A16 take the fight to gaming laptops with Nvidia GPUs? Reviews Asus ROG Flow X13 (2023) laptop review By Jeremy Laird published 2 March 24 Review The refreshed Asus ROG Flow X13 2-in-1 crams the latest AMD and Nvidia chips into a slick, portable and versatile package Reviews Lowepro Pro Trekker BP 650 AW II review: protect your gear in the great outdoors By George Cairns published 2 March 24 Review The Pro Trekker BP 650 AW II is a capacious camera backpack that will suit the needs of a wide range of outdoor photographers and videographers Reviews Hahnel Extreme HLX-E6NH review: new and improved Extreme battery offers 20% more power By Dan Mold published 1 March 24 Review Orange is the new black with Hahnel’s brightly colored Extreme battery for Canon packing 20% more capacity Reviews MSI Summit E16 Flip Evo review: a slick 2-in-1 Windows laptop By James Abbott published 27 February 24 Review The MSI Summit E16 Flip Evo offers creative-friendly features but lacks pro-spec processing power and screen performance Reviews View all Search reviews Search Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:UKAustralia Digital Camera World is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us About us Accessibility Statement Careers © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.