Digital Marketing Agency - Digital Strategy, SEO, SEM, Content & Design (503) 935-5222 Home Services Digital Marketing Search Engine Optimization Paid Media & Digital Advertising Content Marketing Design Strategy Social Media Marketing Results About Us Team Careers Culture Social Impact B Corp JEDI Impact Pro Bono Program Blog Get Started Search Award Winning Digital Marketingfor Values-Driven Brands We believe in companies looking to make a difference. Our dedicated team of expert collaborators work in tandem with forward-thinking brands to grow businesses and deliver success. After all, providing elevated experiences for our employees, clients, and customers is what we are all about. Paid Media Meet your audience where they are. Learn more > Content Tell stories your audience cares about. Learn more > Consulting Get the tough questions answered. Learn more > Design Make a great first impression. Learn more > SEO Be there when your audience is searching for you. Learn more > Social Media Build your community. Learn more > Our digital marketing experts, search engine strategists, paid media specialists and creative teams are ready to get started. Let's ConnectIndustries we serve Apparel Banking & Finance Business Services Construction Direct to Consumer Ecommerce Event Planning Food & Beverage Healthcare Higher Education Hospitality Industrial Outdoor SaaS Ski Resorts Sustainability & Environment Travel & Tourism B2C B2B Mad Fish Digital is a proud certified B Corporation with an amazing track record of delivering values-first digital marketing experiences. Through our actions and decisions, we are committed to elevating the voices of those that often go unheard. See the work our JEDI impact team is leading the way to address issues of justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion both inside and outside our agency. You’re in Good Company See what we’ve done for our partners with research-based SEO strategies, sophisticated reporting, and innovative digital marketing approaches. Ecommerce B2C Marketing Case Study Higher Education B2C Marketing One to One Digital Advertising & Lead Generation InnovativeWe're testing the next big thing right now. GenuineWe won't sell what we can't deliver. AccountableWe keep you informed every step of the way. Check Out Our Latest Blog Posts How to Build an Ethical B2C Marketing StrategyFebruary 2, 2024 Ethical Marketing and the Facebook DilemmaFebruary 1, 2024 5 Tips for Designing Email NewslettersJanuary 30, 2024 Our ServicesContent Marketing Design Digital Marketing Paid Media SEO Social Media Marketing ImageCustom HTML About UsTeam Code of Ethics Results Blog Text Image Custom HTML Get in Touch 1305 NW 18th Ave Portland, OR 97209 (503) 935-5222 • email: team at madfishdigital dot com Custom HTML Text © Copyright 2024, Mad Fish Digital, Inc. > Our Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to personalize your experience. We do not sell any of your personal information, but you may accept or opt out of tracking by using these links Accept All Reject All.×Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Powered by Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences X