Non-Profit Clean Water Organization & Charity | Waterkeeper Donate Get Involved About Us Our Team Our Work Our Positions News & Updates Shop & Support Global Ambassadors Get involved Donate Contact Us Who Is Waterkeeper Our latest profile features our Black Warrior Riverkeeper, Nelson Brooke. Nelson and his team work to protect the Black Warrior River watershed, which covers 6,276 square miles and is one of only two river systems entirely within the state of Alabama. Learn more about Nelson Dive Into Democracy Tell EPA to Protect American Waterways From Slaughterhouse and Rendering Plant Pollution! Take Action Legal Notice Waterkeeper Alliance, Waterkeepers Florida, Bayou City Waterkeeper, and others filed a notice of intent to sue EPA for failing to respond to a rulemaking petition requesting stronger oversight and regulation of toxic and radioactive waste from phosphate mining and fertilizer production. Read more Create Impact Share your love for clean water by supporting our work and mission to protect everyone's right to clean water in communities around the world. Donate now Our Impact We’re a global movement of community-based advocates united for clean, healthy, and abundant water for all people and the planet. We preserve and protect water by connecting local Waterkeeper groups worldwide. 5.9M Square Miles of Waterways 300+ Waterkeeper Groups 47 Countries 1+M Volunteers & Supporters Worldwide News & Updates News | Waterkeeper Movement 02-23-2024 Who Is Waterkeeper: Nelson Brooke, Black Warrior Riverkeeper Nelson Brooke joined Black Warrior Riverkeeper in Alabama when a friend from elementary school asked if he could help run the nascent organization for... Read more News | Pure Farms, Pure Waters 02-16-2024 Coalition of Groups Submits Comments Urging EPA to Require Industrial Animal Feeding Operations to Report their Dangerous Air Pollution A coalition of environmental, animal welfare, and community advocacy groups, including Waterkeeper Alliance, submitted comments in response to a request... Read more Clean Water Defense | News | Waterkeeper Movement 02-13-2024 Lawsuit Launched Over EPA’s Oversight Failure on Dangerous Phosphate Mining Waste Conservation, public health, and environmental justice organizations notified the Environmental Protection Agency today of their intent to sue the agency... Read more Other Ways To Give A tax-deductible donation, bequest, DAF distribution… even a trusty old boat you’re looking to unload: It all drives our shared work and mission forward. Choose your favorite way to support clean water Sign up for our mailing list Follow us Become A Waterkeeper Who Is Waterkeeper Series Dive Into Democracy Waterkeeper Warriors Annual Reports Financials Careers Contact Us 180 Maiden Lane, Suite 603, New York, NY 10038 (212) 747-0622 [email protected] © 2024 Waterkeeper Alliance Privacy Policy