Life Depends on Rivers Skip to main content About us About American Rivers Our Impact Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Justice at American Rivers Staff Our Board and Advisors Corporate Supporters Careers Contact Us Our Work Clean Water Restoring Rivers River Protection Explore Rivers of the U.S. Where We Work Most Endangered Rivers Map of U.S. Dams Removed Reports & Publications Media Center Take Action National River Cleanup® Partner with American Rivers River Stories Our Blog American Rivers Films We Are Rivers Podcast Support Us Shop Other Ways to Give Donate Life depends on rivers It’s not just that rivers make our lives better. We can’t survive without them. Klamath River: Our 2024 River of the Year We are excited to announce that Oregon and California’s Klamath River is the 2024 River of the Year, celebrating the biggest dam removal and river restoration in history. Learn More Saving rivers isn’t a choice. It’s survival. Our vision is to keep rivers healthy and free while ensuring people have the water they need. We do it by protecting wild rivers, restoring damaged rivers and conserving clean water for people and nature. What's New Our vision Protect 1 million miles of rivers We can protect 1 million miles of free-flowing rivers by 2030 and half of all rivers in our country by 2050. In addition to safeguarding some of our healthiest, most scenic rivers, American Rivers will focus our efforts on areas where people live. Remove 30,000 harmful dams Removing a dam is the fastest, most efficient way to bring a river back to life. Our on-the-ground work to reconnect and restore free-flowing rivers will emphasize areas that address climate impacts and protect biodiversity. Ensure clean water for every community Clean water is essential for health, and rivers provide the water our communities need. We will make sure that the hundreds of millions of dollars available from the federal infrastructure legislation flows where it’s most needed — to improve climate resiliency, safety, and health. Champion a powerful river movement Nearly everyone in our country lives within a mile of a river but few know what that river provides. We envision a future in which every river has multitudes of champions speaking up for it. Because only by working together can we adapt and thrive. News & Updates February 23, 2024 Black History Month River Reflections: Water and Writers February 9, 2024 Transformational: Klamath River Dam REmovals and the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law December 21, 2023 Rivers of Opportunity: Building Momentum for More Equitable River Conservation View All Articles donate now Every $1 donated to American Rivers goes to fight for healthy rivers and clean water, everywhere, for everyone. Donate Today American Rivers 1101 14th Street NW, Suite 1400 Washington, DC 20005 Phone: 202-347-7550 EIN: 23-7305963 Connect With Us Don’t let the latest river news and actions pass you by. Sign up for our email updates. Sign Up Contact Us Careers Land Acknowledgments ©2024 American Rivers, All Rights Reserved. State Disclosures Privacy Policy Terms of Use CLOSE CLOSE