Datawrapper: Create charts, maps, and tables Unwrapped: Join our free online conference for Datawrapper users, March 13-15. Learn more → Product Product Datawrapper lets you show your data as beautiful charts, maps or tables with a few clicks. Find out more about all the available visualization types. Charts 20 chart types to show your data Maps Symbol, choropleth, and locator maps Tables Including heatmaps, searching, and more Feature highlights Dark Mode Print Export Localization Accessibility Privacy Security Solutions Solutions Our mission is to help everyone communicate with data - from newsrooms to global enterprises, non-profits or public service. Media Media leaders turn to Datawrapper to tell data-driven stories Finance Replace static reports with interactive visualizations with Datawrapper Government Modern public service uses Datawrapper to help inform citizens Case Studies Learn how others use Datawrapper through in-depth case studies Pricing Resources Resources We want to enable everyone to create beautiful charts, maps, and tables. New to data visualization? Or do you have specific questions about us? You'll find all the answers here. Blog Data vis best practices, news, and examples Academy 100+ articles that explain how to use Datawrapper FAQ Answers to common questions River An exchange place for Datawrapper visualizations Webinars Attend and watch how to use Datawrapper best Careers Learn about available positions on our team Changelog Our latest small and big improvements API documentation Build your integration with Datawrapper's API Get support Get in touch with us – we're happy to help About Latest Improvements Terms of Service Privacy Support Imprint About Us Contact Us Login Start creating Enrich yourstories with charts, maps, and tables. Start creating It’s free & no sign-up is required Charts Use one of 20 interactive and responsive chart types ranging from simple bars and lines to arrow, range, and scatter plots. Learn more about our charts Maps Three interactive and responsive map types let you create anything from locator maps to thematic choropleth and symbol maps. Learn more about our maps Tables Responsive data tables allow for lots of styling options and let you include bar, column, and line charts, heatmaps, images, a search bar, and pagination. Learn more about our tables Serving charts and maps for millions of readers every day. Datawrapper helps some of the world’s best teams to tell their stories with data. No code or design skills required. Our goal is to enable everyone to create beautiful charts, maps, and tables. Including you. 1 Copy & paste your data Copy your data from the web, Excel, or Google Sheets. You can also upload CSV/XLS files or link to a URL or Google Sheet for live-updating charts. 2 Edit your chart Choose from many chart and map types with one click. Then customize and annotate your chart to make it more effective. 3 Embed or download Copy the responsive embed code into your CMS or website to show the interactive chart, or export as a PNG, SVG, or PDF for printing. All the features you need to create visualizations for your articles, reports, or publications. Missing something? Special wishes? Tell us at hello@datawrapper.de. Unlimited visualizations Even with the free plan, there’s no limit to the number of charts, maps, and tables you can create. Private by default No matter which plan you choose, all your visualizations and data are private until you hit the “Publish” button. Responsive On desktop devices, tablets, or smartphones — Datawrapper visualizations are beautiful and readable everywhere. Collaborate in teams Make use of shared folders, Slack and Teams integration, and admin permissions to see what your team is creating. Learn more. Comes in your design Send us your style guide and we’ll create a custom design theme for your brand, 100% white-labeled. Learn more. PNG, SVG, PDF export Export every visualization as PNG, SVG, or PDF and continue working with tools like Adobe Illustrator. Live updating Create visualizations that update themselves periodically. Simply link to an external CSV or Google Sheet. Learn more. Dark mode All visualizations work seamlessly in both light and dark mode, adapting to your readers’ preferences. Learn more. Print export Export print-ready PDFs with custom layouts, pre-defined CMYK colors, and pre-defined sizes. Learn more. Show all Features “Ridiculously easy,” “a quantum leap forward,” “keeps blowing my mind” — we’re happy when our users are happy. Datawrapper is my favorite tool to make charts that work across platforms — it’s quick, clean, and elegant. Rani Molla Senior Data Reporter at Recode Datawrapper minimises the need to use alternative, time-consuming visualization methods. It has also enabled the wider team to embellish stories with data graphics — without assistance or additional training. Adam Smith Data Editor at Sky Sports Do you have questions? Let’s talk! Contact us here so we can help Contact Sales Product Charts Maps Tables Pricing Feature highlights Dark mode Print export Localization Accessibility Privacy Security Solutions Media Finance Government Case studies Resources Blog Academy FAQ River Webinars Training materials Changelog API Docs Get support About About us Careers Privacy policy Terms of service Imprint Contact us Follow Us Facebook X (Twitter) Github Youtube Linkedin Mastodon © 2023 Datawrapper is developed by Datawrapper GmbH. Skip to content We have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect the new EU regulations. It is written with the goal of clarity. Please give it a read and accept it.Accept