Search Engine Journal - SEO, Search Marketing News and Tutorials Skip to content Latest All News SEO News PPC News Social Media News Webinars Podcast For Agencies Career Webinar 9 Major Google Updates From 2023 & 2024 SEO Predictions Join us for an in-depth, actionable recap of the need-to-know Google updates from 2023, along with key predictions for 2024. Register For Free SEO All SEO SEO News SEO Strategy Ask An SEO Enterprise SEO Google Algorithm Updates International SEO Link Building Local SEO Mobile SEO On-Page SEO Technical SEO Vertical SEO Wordpress for SEO Web Dev for SEO Webinar 10 Successful Ways To Improve Your SERP Rankings [With Ahrefs] Reserve your spot and discover 10 quick and easy SEO wins to boost your site’s rankings. Register For Free Paid Media All Paid Media Paid Media News Paid Strategy Ask a PPC Expert Display Ads PPC Programmatic Social Media Advertising Video Advertising Ebook B2B Lead Generation: Create Content That Converts This strategy guide is the first step towards attracting high-quality leads and revolutionizing how you think about lead generation. Download Now Content All Content Content News Content Strategy Content Creation Content Marketing Content Trends Webinar Content Marketing: How To Find The True Value Of Your Marketing Funnel Join us as we explore a comprehensive approach for measuring the value of your content initiatives, so you can optimize resource allocation for maximum impact. Register For Free Social All Social Media Social Media News Social Strategy Social Media Advertising Facebook Instagram LinkedIn TikTok Twitter YouTube Ebook B2B Lead Generation: Create Content That Converts This strategy guide is the first step towards attracting high-quality leads and revolutionizing how you think about lead generation. Download Now Digital All Digital Marketing Digital Strategy Affiliate Marketing Analytics & Data Digital Experience Generative AI Digital Trends Ecommerce Lead Generation WordPress Webinar 10 Successful Ways To Improve Your SERP Rankings [With Ahrefs] Reserve your spot and discover 10 quick and easy SEO wins to boost your site’s rankings. Register For Free Library Webinars More Ebooks All Ebooks Beginner's Guide to SEO Core Web Vitals Guide Google E-A-T Guide Link Building Guide Local SEO Guide On-Page SEO Ranking Factors Ebooks2 Wordpress SEO Technical SEO SEO Audit Keyword Research Guide PPC Guide Facebook Ads Guide Content Marketing Guide Resources Library Ebooks Webinars SEJ Show + Podcast Google Algorithm Updates Advertise Advertising on SEJ Company Subscribe About Contact Careers Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Info Follow Us Google News LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Twitter Instagram Reddit Pinterest Mastodon Rss Advertise Do Not Sell My Personal Info Google Ads Introduces Customizable Automation With “Solutions” By Matt G. Southern Google Ads launches "Solutions," offering customizable automation for simplified campaign management, empowering advertisers of all skill levels. Latest Popular Instagram Instagram Direct Messaging Updated With Editing, Themes, & More 4 min read 7 hours ago YouTube YouTube Algorithm Myths Debunked: Insights From The Growth Team 5 min read 14 hours ago Technical SEO 8 Common Robots.txt Issues And How To Fix Them 11 min read Mar 4, 2024 Content Strategy 6 Ways To Supercharge Your Campaign Insights With Multi-Touch Attribution 7 min read 1 hour ago SEO How To Use Reverse Video Search (& Why It’s Useful) 859K Reads Feb 27, 2024 Content 14 Surprising Examples Of Clickbait Headlines That Work 436K Reads Feb 26, 2024 Tools 28 Awesome Sources Of Free Data 257K Reads Mar 1, 2024 Technical SEO 8 Common Robots.txt Issues And How To Fix Them 95K Reads Mar 4, 2024 Advertisement Latest All News SEO Paid Media Content Marketing Social Media SEO Webinar SEO In 2024: Top Priorities, Challenges, And Opportunities By Heather Campbell The world of search has seen massive change recently. Whether you’re still in the planning stages for this year or underway with your 2024 strategy,... 1 min read 7.1K Reads 15 hours ago Paid Media New Developments In PPC: Experts Weigh In By Ben Steele Learn about the latest developments in PPC and get expert tips for staying ahead in the ever-evolving digital landscape. 7 min read 457 Reads Mar 4, 2024 SEO Webinar Mastering SERP Features: New Research & Strategies For Enhanced Visibility In 2024 By Heather Campbell There have been significant changes to the way users interact with search engines, with SERPs moving beyond the basic blue links to a more dynamic... 3 min read 952 Reads Mar 4, 2024 News SEO Google Announces A New Carousel Rich Result By Roger Montti Google announced a new scrolling carousel that displays as a rich result that can be used for products, local businesses and events 5 min read 7.0K Reads Mar 2, 2024 Careers SEO Best SEO Courses Online – Free & Paid Options By Loren Baker Looking to take your search engine optimization skills to the next level? Check out these free and paid online courses. 11 min read 72K Reads Mar 1, 2024 Content Tools 28 Awesome Sources Of Free Data By Julie Joyce Find trustworthy, free data sources for your marketing campaigns. Get access to data from Kaggle, Google Trends and more, without spending a cent. 9 min read 257K Reads Mar 1, 2024 News SEO Google Announces A New Carousel Rich Result By Roger Montti Google announced a new scrolling carousel that displays as a rich result that can be used for products, local businesses and events 5 min read 7.0K Reads Mar 2, 2024 News SEO E-E-A-T’s Google Ranking Influence Decoded By Roger Montti How should SEOs implement E-E-A-T in their strategies according to recent statements from Google’s SearchLiaison? 9 min read 5.6K Reads Feb 29, 2024 News LinkedIn LinkedIn Algorithm Change Could Promote Your Best Posts For Months By Matt G. Southern A LinkedIn algorithm change will keep quality posts alive by suggesting them to niche audiences long after publishing. 5 min read 2.3K Reads Feb 29, 2024 News SEO Google Testing AI Tool That Finds & Rewrites Quality Content By Roger Montti Google’s beta AI content rewriting tool is said be “incentivizing the production of AI-generated slop” 5 min read 3.6K Reads Feb 29, 2024 News SEO Google Chrome Showing More Relevant Search Suggestions By Matt G. Southern Google launches new Chrome features providing enhanced search suggestions by leveraging crowdsourced data 3 min read 1.3K Reads Feb 29, 2024 News SEO Websites Created With Google Business Profiles To Shut Down In March By Kristi Hines Google will shut down websites created with Google Business Profile in March 2024. Here’s what local business owners and advertisers need to know. 3 min read 5.7K Reads Feb 29, 2024 SEO Webinar SEO In 2024: Top Priorities, Challenges, And Opportunities By Heather Campbell The world of search has seen massive change recently. Whether you’re still in the planning stages for this year or underway with your 2024 strategy,... 1 min read 7.1K Reads 15 hours ago SEO Webinar Mastering SERP Features: New Research & Strategies For Enhanced Visibility In 2024 By Heather Campbell There have been significant changes to the way users interact with search engines, with SERPs moving beyond the basic blue links to a more dynamic... 3 min read 952 Reads Mar 4, 2024 News SEO Google Announces A New Carousel Rich Result By Roger Montti Google announced a new scrolling carousel that displays as a rich result that can be used for products, local businesses and events 5 min read 7.0K Reads Mar 2, 2024 Careers SEO Best SEO Courses Online – Free & Paid Options By Loren Baker Looking to take your search engine optimization skills to the next level? Check out these free and paid online courses. 11 min read 72K Reads Mar 1, 2024 News SEO E-E-A-T’s Google Ranking Influence Decoded By Roger Montti How should SEOs implement E-E-A-T in their strategies according to recent statements from Google’s SearchLiaison? 9 min read 5.6K Reads Feb 29, 2024 News SEO Google Testing AI Tool That Finds & Rewrites Quality Content By Roger Montti Google’s beta AI content rewriting tool is said be “incentivizing the production of AI-generated slop” 5 min read 3.6K Reads Feb 29, 2024 Paid Media New Developments In PPC: Experts Weigh In By Ben Steele Learn about the latest developments in PPC and get expert tips for staying ahead in the ever-evolving digital landscape. 7 min read 457 Reads Mar 4, 2024 News Paid Media Microsoft Offers Tips For Better Ad Copy With Prompt Engineering By Kristi Hines Explore Microsoft research and AI prompt engineering tips to improve the performance of ad campaigns with inclusive copy. 3 min read 2.2K Reads Feb 29, 2024 Paid Media Sponsored Posts Google Ads Checklist: 5 Ways To Audit & Optimize Your Campaigns To Boost Results By Justin Golden Boost your Google Ads success with expert tips! Audit, optimize, and target the right audience to maximize ROI and conversions. 8 min read 2.7K Reads Feb 28, 2024 SEO Digital Advertising The Best 5 Super Bowl Ads in 2024 (Brands That Got It Right) By Greg Jarboe Explore how brands leveraged social video to enhance their TV commercials during the latest Super Bowl LVIII. 19 min read 3.6K Reads Feb 26, 2024 Paid Media PPC Experts On AI In PPC: Potential & Limitations By Ben Steele Discover the latest trends in AI-powered PPC campaigns. Get expert insights on the benefits and limitations of using AI tools in your online marketing strategy. 15 min read 992 Reads Feb 26, 2024 News PPC Google Ads Performance Max Image Generation Now Available To All By Matt G. Southern Google rolls out AI tools in Performance Max to boost ad campaigns through automated asset creation. 4 min read 3.3K Reads Feb 22, 2024 Content Tools 28 Awesome Sources Of Free Data By Julie Joyce Find trustworthy, free data sources for your marketing campaigns. Get access to data from Kaggle, Google Trends and more, without spending a cent. 9 min read 257K Reads Mar 1, 2024 Content SEO How To Use Reverse Video Search (& Why It’s Useful) By Alex Valencia Learn how to use reverse video search with Google, Microsoft Bing, and more to credit sources and find more information about a video. 10 min read 859K Reads Feb 27, 2024 Content 14 Surprising Examples Of Clickbait Headlines That Work By Jason Hennessey Learn how to create clickbait headlines that work, and discover titles that are irresistible but not misleading. 11 min read 436K Reads Feb 26, 2024 Social Media Content Trends 6 Ways To Humanize Your Content In The AI Era By Lidia Infante In the AI era, human touch isn’t just a nice-to-have, it’s essential. Brands should prioritize authenticity, center strategies around users, and elevate their internal experts. 11 min read 4.4K Reads Feb 21, 2024 Content News B2B Content Marketing Strategies For High-Quality Lead Generation By Shannon Phelps Discover the key to successful B2B lead generation in our latest ebook, packed with valuable tips and insights for developing content that converts. 3 min read 5.3K Reads Feb 13, 2024 Content Strategy Link Building How To Uncover Your Expertise To Become A Journalist’s Source By Kevin Rowe Elevate your media presence by mastering the Expert Evaluation Tool. Learn to communicate proven expertise and become a go-to resource for journalists in your field. 16 min read 721 Reads Jan 30, 2024 News LinkedIn LinkedIn Algorithm Change Could Promote Your Best Posts For Months By Matt G. Southern A LinkedIn algorithm change will keep quality posts alive by suggesting them to niche audiences long after publishing. 5 min read 2.3K Reads Feb 29, 2024 News SEO 8 Key Takeaways From The Digital 2024: Global Overview Report By Kristi Hines Discover key insights from the Digital 2024: Global Report from DataReportal on the latest trends for search and social media marketing. 5 min read 1.5K Reads Feb 28, 2024 Social Media Instagram How To Get More Followers On Instagram: 24 Tips To Try By Shelley Walsh From leveraging tools to exploring trends, find out how to make the most of your digital marketing strategy and get more followers on Instagram. 20 min read 492K Reads Feb 28, 2024 News YouTube YouTube Challenges TikTok Duets With “Collab” For Shorts By Matt G. Southern YouTube launches “Collab” tool for Shorts, enabling split-screen duets to compete with popular TikTok feature. 4 min read 2.4K Reads Feb 27, 2024 News SEO Google Announces Deal To Show More Reddit Content By Roger Montti Google reached a deal to license Reddit data to for displaying in search and training models 3 min read 5.3K Reads Feb 23, 2024 Social Media Content Trends 6 Ways To Humanize Your Content In The AI Era By Lidia Infante In the AI era, human touch isn’t just a nice-to-have, it’s essential. Brands should prioritize authenticity, center strategies around users, and elevate their internal experts. 11 min read 4.4K Reads Feb 21, 2024 SEM & SEO News, Insights & How-tos Get your daily recap of the latest search news, advice, and trends. Advertisement Advertisement Webinars Mar 6 10 Successful Ways To Improve Your SERP Rankings [With Ahrefs] Presented By: Andrei Țiț Date: Wednesday, March 6 at 2 pm ET Register Mar 13 9 Major Google Updates From 2023 & 2024 SEO Predictions Presented By: Spencer Stein Date: Wednesday, March 13 at 2 pm ET Register Mar 20 2024 Google SERP Features: New Strategies To Gain Visibility Presented By: Tom Capper Date: Wednesday, March 20 at 2 pm ET Register Advertisement Generative AI Google Testing AI Tool That Finds & Rewrites Quality Content NYTimes “Paid Someone To Hack OpenAI’s Products” 6 Ways To Optimize GPTs To Boost Online Visibility And Engagement Does AI Democratize SEO Or Amplify Incompetence? Google Launches “Help Me Write” AI Assistant For Chrome Browser Enterprise SEO Impactful SEO Reporting: 7 Tips For Effective SEO Reports That Build Buy-In Search Evolution 2024: Navigating SEO’s Future Landscape [Webinar] The Must-Attend Event For Publishers: News & Editorial SEO Summit A Guide To Enterprise-Level Migrations (100,000+ URLs) What You Need For The Big Pitch To Enterprise Companies PPC Google Ads Introduces Customizable Automation With “Solutions” Microsoft Offers Tips For Better Ad Copy With Prompt Engineering Google Ads Checklist: 5 Ways To Audit & Optimize Your Campaigns To Boost Results 12 Hidden PPC Features You Should Know About Google Ads Performance Max Image Generation Now Available To All Analytics & Data Get Started With GSC Queries In BigQuery Google Tag Manager Contains Hidden Data Leaks & Vulnerabilities Google Maps: New Location Data Controls & Ability To Delete Visits Google Analytics 4 Features To Prepare For Third-Party Cookie Depreciation 2023 Survey Review: State Of Marketing Data Standards In The AI Era Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement MARCH EBOOK HIGHLIGHT B2B Lead Generation: Create Content That Converts This strategy guide is the first step towards attracting high-quality leads and revolutionizing how you think about lead generation. Inside, you’ll learn: What qualifies as a lead; and what does not. What you need to generate leads with content. Strategies for setting up sustainable and scalable lead programs. Expert insights on properly qualifying and scoring your leads. Tips for leveraging consumer psychology to forge meaningful connections. Download Your Copy Ask an SEO How Can You Begin To Rank In New Markets (Local, National, International) How Do I Optimize SEO Conversions On Non-Branded Search Terms? Optimizing Keywords For Service Providers & Converting Blog Content SEO Is Down, Help! A Guide To Diagnosing SEO Traffic Drops Has The Helpful Content Update Impacted SEO Content? Ask a PPC How And Why To Use Enhanced Conversions What Is The Best Conversion Tracking Method For PPC Campaigns? How Much Should PPC Management Cost? How To Understand If A PPC Test Is A Failure How To Bypass Big Brands Bidding Up Your Terms WordPress Bricks Builder For WordPress RCE Vulnerability WordPress User Survey Indicates Rising Frustration WordPress SiteOrigin Widgets Bundle Plugin Vulnerability Affects +600,000 Sites WordPress Backup Plugin DoS Vulnerability Affects +200,000 Sites WordPress Website Builder Vulnerability Affects Nearly 1 Million Websites Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement SEJ Show + Podcast Local Strategies: How Better Online Reputation Drives Revenue January 30, 2024 Avoid The Noise: How To Prove That Your SEO Matters January 19, 2024 Navigating Publisher Policies: Insights From Google’s Trust & Safety Expert With John Brown December 15, 2023 PPC Strategies For 2024: Insights From Over 16,000 Businesses December 11, 2023 Subscribe To Our Newsletter. Daily search marketing tidbits for savvy pros. In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers. Sections SEO Paid Media Content Social Media Career News WordPress Web Development Topics Link Building Local Search Mobile Search International Search Enterprise SEO PPC Analytics Data Digital Experience Resources Library E-Books Google Algorithm Updates SEJ Show Webinars Advertise Advertising on SEJ Shop SEJ Careers Company Subscribe About Contact Careers Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Info Copyright © 2024 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.