Sustainable Development Solutions Network About Us Leadership Council Networks Strategy Council Board Donors and Partners Our Team SDSN Asia Headquarters Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging Careers Privacy Policy News & Events For the Media SDG Summit Oped Series Join the SDSN Contact Us Subscribe Research & Policy Work Cities Climate and Energy Extractive and Land Resources Happiness and Well-being Research Health for All Science Panel for the Amazon Science Panel for the Congo Basin SDG Transformation Center SDGs Today SDSN TReNDS Sustainable Food and Land Use The World in 2050 Networks National Networks Afghanistan Bangladesh Belgium Benin Bolivia Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile China Hub Cyprus Czech Republic France Germany Greece Hong Kong SAR Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Malaysia Mexico Nigeria Pakistan Philippines Portugal Republic of Korea Russia South Africa Spain Switzerland Thailand Türkiye Uganda United Kingdom United States Regional Networks Andes Amazon Australia, New Zealand, & Pacific Black Sea Caribbean Great Lakes Mediterranean Northern-Europe Sahel South Asia Southeast Asia Western Balkans SDSN Members SDSN Youth SDSN Europe Networks in Action Report Global Solutions Forum The SDG Academy Global Schools Mission 4.7 Resources New Course: The Living Amazon: Science, Cultures and Sustainability in Practice The Amazon, the world’s largest rainforest and river system, is crucial for global climate stability and maintaining biodiversity. The region is home to 47 million people, including over two million Indigenous people. However, it faces unprecedented challenges like deforestation, degradation, and criminal activity, and risks reaching a tipping point.This course, launching March 18, is available in English, Spanish, and Portuguese, and offers insights into the Amazon’s ecosystems. Taught by experts, the course spans disciplines like biodiversity, conservation, land use change, climate science, anthropology, and human rights, catering to practitioners, students, and professionals across sectors. Learn More and Enroll Sustainable Development Report 2023 Learn more 2022 Networks in Action Report Learn more Net Zero on Campus: A Guide for Universities and Colleges to Accelerate Climate Action Button Science Panel for the Amazon Learn more World Happiness Report Button Europe Sustainable Development Report 2023/24 Button RECENT NEWS Call for Abstracts: 2024 International Conference on Sustainable Development By SDSN • 04 Mar, 2024 The Global Association of Master’s in Development Practice Programs (MDP), in collaboration with the Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN), will hold the 12th Annual International Conference on Sustainable Development (ICSD) on 19-20 September, 2024. The conference will be hybrid, with the parallel sessions taking place fully remotely on 19 September and the high-level segment on September 20 (virtual and in-person). If you would like to present at the conference, you must submit an abstract as directed below. The conference is also open to observers (i.e. non-presenters). Simply register on the conference website to join us. Registration will open in July 2024. The theme of the 2024 ICSD is “Solutions for the Future”. The aim of the conference is to bring together persons involved in research, policy, practice, and business, in advance of the 2024 United Nations Summit of the Future. Participants will share practical solutions for achieving the SDGs at local and national levels. This year ICSD wi March 2024 Employee Spotlight - Celebrating Julianna Gil! By Info • 01 Mar, 2024 The SDSN has launched an 'Employee Spotlight Campaign' to showcase the passion and expertise of our staff. SDSN Brings Global Perspectives to Malaysia’s Vision 2100 By SDSN Malaysia • 16 Feb, 2024 Prof. Jeffrey Sachs, President of SDSN and Prof Woo Wing Thye, Vice President for Asia, SDSN, spoke at the Global Intellectual Discourse at the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur. They emphasized the importance of advancing the SDGs for Malaysia and the ASEAN region, as well as the need for peace and cooperation in our time. Global Schools Hosts Side Event Exploring Sustainable Development Pedagogy and Curriculum at ECOSOC Partnership Forum By Global Schools Program • 06 Feb, 2024 Education as a catalyst for sustainable development is more important than ever. At the 2024 ECOSOC Partnership Forum, the Global Schools Program (GSP) hosted a virtual side event entitled “Best Practices in Education for Sustainable Development Pedagogy and Curriculum.” This event showcased the stories of educators who have excelled in integrating Education for Sustainable Development (ESD) into their curriculum, and culminated in the launch of a guidebook, Practicing Education for Sustainable Development: Case Study Guide for Educators, Volume 2, which offers practical insights for educators hoping to incorporate ESD into their classrooms and communities. Global Schools Launches Case-study Guidebook By Global Schools Program • 31 Jan, 2024 Global Schools launches case-study guidebook to showcase and inspire schools and educators at the 2024 ECOSOC Partnership Forum Science Panel for the Amazon at Davos 2024: Bridging Science, Conservation and Economy By Gabriela Arnal • 29 Jan, 2024 Following the momentum of COP28, where a historic roadmap for the transition away from fossil fuels was approved and the announcement of the development of a Tropical Forests Forever Fund was made, 2024 kicked off with high expectations at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland. From January 14 to 19, world leaders gathered to discuss pressing issues. The Science Panel for the Amazon (SPA) actively participated in this space, engaging in dialogues aimed at advancing sustainable development and conservation. Show More News Upcoming SDSN Events Subscribe for Event Alerts Sign Up for SDSN Updates Get our latest insights, opportunities to engage with our networks, and more. Subscribe SDSN mobilizes global scientific and technological expertise to promote practical solutions for sustainable development, including the implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Paris Climate Agreement. NetworksThe SDG AcademyResources About UsJoin the SDSNNews & EventsContactPrivacy PolicySubscribe Paris19 rue Bergère75009 ParisFrance+33 (0) 1 84 86 06 60New York475 Riverside DriveSuite 530New York NY 10115 USA+1 (212) 870-3920Kuala LumpurSunway UniversitySunway City Kuala Lumpur5 Jalan UniversitiSelangor 47500Malaysia+60 (3) 7491-8622 Designed by Northeast Kingdom Online. Powered by NEKO|360. Share by: