Historic England - Championing England's heritage | Historic England Skip to main content Historic England Sign in Search the site Listing Search the List Missing Pieces Project Apply for Listing What is Listing? Listing Guidance Blue Plaque Scheme Listing Find out about listed buildings and other protected sites, and search the National Heritage List for England (NHLE). Find out about listing Terracotta tiles on the roof of Saintoft Lodge, Newton-on-Rawcliffe, Ryedale, North Yorkshire. Grade II listed © Historic England Archive DP371715 Close menu Advice Climate Change Heritage at Risk Your Home Technical Guidance Planning Caring for Heritage Constructive Conservation Advice See our extensive range of expert advice to help you care for and protect historic places. Get our advice A contractor cutting bricks for the wall of the partially-restored wild and natural walled garden at Warley Place, Brentwood. Explore our technical advice section © Historic England Archive DP313199 Close menu Research Our Research Strategy and Agenda Research Governance Latest Research Research Methods Current Research Research Results Support & Collaboration Inclusive Heritage Heritage Counts Research Discover and use our high-quality applied research to support the protection and management of the historic environment. Discover our research Archaeologist Dr David Neal discussing his illustration of the mosaic being excavated at Rutland Roman Villa with members of the University of Leicester Archaeological Services team View image DP264265 © Historic England Close menu Images & Books Find Photos Search All Publications Buy Books The Historic England Archive Images & Books Historic England holds an extensive range of publications and historic collections in its public archive covering the historic environment. Browse our collections Sailing ships at Gloucester Docks in the late 19th century. Despite its distance from the sea, the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal was built to specifications that allowed ocean-going vessels to reach Gloucester. Begun in the 1790s, the canal eventually opened in 1827. Photographer: Unknown photographer, Sydney Pitcher Collection. Source: Historic England Archive. Image reference: CC53/00092 Close menu Services & Skills Education Grants Our Planning Services Training & Skills Archive Services Heritage Action Zones Levelling Up Places Service Services & Skills Find out about services offered by Historic England for funding, planning, education and research, as well as training and skill development. Learn about our services Heritage Apprentices in a training session on the Researching The Historic Environment module and training in Architectural Photography. Find out more about Heritage Apprenticeships © Historic England Archive DP347660 Close menu What's New News In Your Area Historic England Blog Latest Research Heritage Online Debate Statements Stay up to Date What's New Read about our current news, projects and campaigns nationally and in your area. Catch up with what's new Two horsemen reading The Sportsman, 30 Oct 1902, Farnborough, Stratford-on-Avon, Warwickshire. Part of the Alfred Newton and Sons collection. Source Historic England Archive. BB98/02592 Close menu About Us What We Do Who We Are How We Are Funded Contact Us Careers Volunteer with Historic England About Us Historic England is the public body that helps people care for, enjoy and celebrate England's spectacular historic environment. Find out more Mountbatten House (formerly Gateway House), Basing View, Basingstoke, the former headquarters for the paper merchants Wiggins Teape by Arup Associates. Listed at Grade II. © Historic England Close menu Sign in Manage my account Sign out National Blue Plaque Scheme The national blue plaque scheme has awarded its first blue plaque to Daphne Steele, who became the first Black matron in the National Health Service in 1964. Historic England is running the new national blue plaque scheme on behalf of the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS), celebrating people who have contributed significantly and positively to human welfare or happiness. Blue Plaque Scheme Read more about Daphne Steele About this image Robert Steele, Ms Steele's son, takes in the blue plaque honouring the life and work of his mother. © Historic England. The National Heritage List for England Search the National Heritage List for England to find listed buildings, battlefields, monuments, parks, gardens, shipwrecks and more. Search the List Explore the map Heritage is for everyone Welcome to your Historic England. Home to stories about incredible people. Find new routes into careers in the heritage sector with traditional skills programmes Find new routes into careers in the heritage sector with traditional skills programmes Explore a range of training schemes that develop the understanding and practical skills needed to work on traditional (pre-1919) and historic buildings and gardens. Find out how to take part Meet our Young Advisers Meet our Young Advisers Our Young Advisers are a group of 11 young people from across the country. They’re at the heart of our efforts to engage more young people with England’s heritage. Discover more Develop skills for a career in heritage, at a pace that suits you Develop skills for a career in heritage, at a pace that suits you Access training when and where suits you best, with our courses delivered primarily through e-learning. Develop your skills Women's histories Women's histories Women's achievements and experiences have left a deep impression on the historic environment. Now they've been highlighted to reveal a host of fascinating and inspirational stories. Read about incredible women Developing an Inclusion, Diversity and Equality Strategy Developing an Inclusion, Diversity and Equality Strategy Find out more about Historic England's approach and get advice on developing an inclusive strategy for your organisation. Learn more The Story of LGBTQ+ Activism in Lancaster and Morecambe The Story of LGBTQ+ Activism in Lancaster and Morecambe The towns of Lancaster and Morecambe have been forerunners in LGBTQ+ activism and recreation in the North of England since the 1970s. Learn more Unlocking the potential of high streets Historic England is helping to deliver schemes at more than 60 high streets across England that will transform and restore disused and dilapidated buildings into new homes, shops, work places and community spaces, restoring local historic character and improving public realm. High Streets Heritage Action Zones Picturing High Streets Tackling climate change We’re facing a global climate crisis. Historic England recognises the need for urgent action and is committed to achieving net zero. We are researching and advising how the historic environment can positively contribute to overall global sustainability. Read our climate strategy Energy advice for homeowners About this image The medieval town of Tewkesbury was surrounded by flood waters in 2018 following extreme weather. © Historic England (33611_019) Latest News New Funding to Uncover and Celebrate Working Class Heritage 21 February 2024 Historic England's Everyday Heritage Grant programme is funding 56 new projects across the nation, telling the stories of working class heritage. Read more Listing Protection for Westminster Gas Lamps 12 February 2024 4 historic gas lamps in Covent Garden, London have been listed at Grade II. Read more Hidden Historic Sauna in Kent Gains Listed Status 31 January 2024 A hidden historic Finnish sauna in Aylesford, Kent, donated for the 1948 London Olympics, has been listed at Grade II Read more Picturing High Streets: Over 200 Images Taken by the Public Enter Historic England Archive 17 January 2024 Documenting a year in the life of the English high street, images taken by the public as part of 'Picturing High Streets' can be viewed online. Read more View more news Back to top Please update your browser Our website works best with the latest version of the browsers below, unfortunately your browser is not supported. Using an old browser means that some parts of our website might not work correctly. Chrome Update Chrome Safari Update Safari Firefox Update Firefox Microsoft Edge Update Microsoft Edge Close this message Listing Advice Research Images & Books Services & Skills What's New About us Historic England Blog Sign up to our newsletter Careers Contact us Find us on: Accessibility Manage cookies Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © Historic England 2024