Lost and Found Pets Database - Best Reunited Rate Login Toggle Navigation How it Works Lost Pets Lost Dogs Lost Cats Lost Birds Lost Pets (All) Found Pets Found Dogs Found Cats Found Birds Found Pets (All) Happy Tails Get Alerts Login Report Pet How it Works Lost Pets Lost Dogs Lost Cats Lost Birds Lost Pets (All) Found Pets Found Dogs Found Cats Found Birds Found Pets (All) Happy Tails Get Alerts Login Find and Report Lost & Found Pets Alert People in Your Area on Facebook & Notify the Rescue Squad™ For Free! Happy Tails 1698365 Pets Reunited And Counting! Start Your Free Alert Enter your pet's information to instantly start spreading local awareness. Pet Status Lost Found/Stray Select circumstance... In my possession Sighting (still roaming) Deceased Pet Name Nearest Address Last Seen Contact Email Create Password * Sign me up for local lost & found pet alerts Get Your Pet Back Home Post to the lost & found pet Facebook page for your area Alert local members of the Rescue Squad™ by email Print a lost pet flyer Add your pet to our lost & found Boost your pet's alert to thousands of local people Post to your local lost pets Facebook page Alert local Rescue Squad™ by email Print a lost pet flyer Add your pet to our lost & found Boost your alert to thousands of local people Why Choose PawBoost? Our Guarantee Your lost pet's alert will reach more local people with PawBoost than with any other service. #1 Most Reunions 1.6M+ Pets have been reported reunited to PawBoost 98% Of people recommend PawBoost to a friend Read Their Happy Tails #1 Largest Database 2,000+ Lost & found pets reported daily 12x More pets than the next largest lost & found pets database View Lost & Found Pets Near Me #1 Largest Reach 7M+Rescue Squad members signed up for local lost & found pet alerts. 25M+ Email alerts sent per month100M+ Facebook alert views per month 5+ Countries covered: US, Canada, UK, Australia, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa Join Rescue Squad #1 Most Trusted 4.8 Rating on Apple App Store 4.8 Rating on Google Play 4.8 Rating on the BBB Helping reunite lost pets since 2014 Meet the Team Report Lost or Found Pet Why Choose PawBoost? Our Guarantee Your lost pet's alert will reach more local people with PawBoost than with any other service. #1 Most Reunions 1.6M+ Pets have been reported reunited to PawBoost 98% Of people recommend PawBoost to a friend Read Their Happy Tails #1 Largest Reach 7M+Rescue Squad members signed up for local lost & found pet alerts. 25M+ Email alerts sent per month100M+ Facebook alert views per month 5+ Countries covered: US, Canada, UK, Australia, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa Join Rescue Squad #1 Largest Database 2,000+ Lost & found pets reported daily 12x More pets than the next largest lost & found pets database View Lost & Found Pets Near Me #1 Most Trusted 4.8 Rating on Apple App Store 4.8 Rating on Google Play 4.8 Rating on the BBB Helping reunite lost pets since 2014 Meet the Team Report Lost or Found Pet Happy Tails Read about recently reunited fur babies. Dude West Fargo, ND 1 hour ago "We suspect Dude ended up in the garage while I was getting out the Christmas decorations and hid under our vehicle to keep warm. Once my husband drove away, Dude went along for the ride until a stop ... See More 0 0 0 Found Dog Chispas Dania Beach, FL 1 day ago "This pup was walking by himself in front of my home when I came back from the supermarket. He came straight to me and was very friendly. He had no collar or name tag, so I took him to the vet to scan... See More 1,252 43 44 Tiny Westover, WV 2 days ago "I was trying to open the door of my friend's apartment and the key pad locked itself and the alarm started going off. Tiny got scared and ran away in all of the commotion. We looked for about two hou... See More 431 31 9 Read More Happy Tails Spotlight Help get these fur babies home Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Show All Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! Spot Available Your pet could be featured here! View More Lost & Found Pets JOIN THERescue Squad™ The Rescue Squad™ is a group of volunteers, rescue owners, shelter employees, veterinarians, and pet lovers just like you. Join 4,256,706 people who have signed up for local lost & found pet alerts! Join the Rescue Squad™ Alerting the Rescue Squad™ is FREE for pet owners. Together, we can help create more happy reunions. Join The Rescue Squad™ Local Lost Pet Listings A National Database of Lost & Found Pets PawBoost is the world’s number one service for reuniting missing animals with 1,698,365 pets reunited and counting! Whether you’ve lost your pet or found somebody else’s, PawBoost is here to help. PawBoost enlists the help of local communities in neighborhoods and jurisdictions across the US and beyond – including partnerships with local shelters – to help spread the word and match the thousands of lost & stray animals reported to PawBoost every day. Lost Pet Finder Get Your Pet Back Home PawBoost makes it fast and easy to spread the word and connect with lost & found pets near you. And our blog has even more resources and lost pet tips, such as what to do if your pet is microchipped and how to make an eye-catching missing pet poster. Our pets are our family. Trust PawBoost, the best option to help reunite with your loved one sooner. Don’t wait – put out your free lost or found pet alert now. Report A Lost Pet Resources PawBoost Blog Follow us: Email Support: help@pawboost.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service About PawBoost About Us How It Works Frequently Asked Questions PawBoost Store For Partners PawBoost for Shelters Add Local Lost Pets to Your Site Other Partnership Inquiries Lost Pet Flyers Lost Pet Flyer Lost Dog Flyer Lost Cat Flyer Lost Animal Flyer Report Lost Pet Report Lost Pet Report Lost Dog Report Lost Cat Report Lost Bird Report Lost Animal (Other) Report Found Pet Report Found Pet Report Found Dog Report Found Cat Report Found Bird Report Found Animal (Other)