Official Miami Dade College Homepage Skip to site navigation Skip to content Toggle navigation About MDC About Miami Dade College Accreditation Future Students Office of the President Community Engagement Campuses and Centers Jobs at MDC Media Relations Academics Academic Programs Academic Calendar The Honors College MDC Online Continuing Education High School Programs New World School of the Arts Libraries Learning Resources Admissions Apply Now Admissions Info Advisement Register for Classes Transcripts and Test Scores Veteran and Military Services International Students Testing and Assessment Paying for College Tuition and Fees Financial Aid Scholarships Payment Options Student Work Programs Life at MDC Arts & Culture Career Services Events News Student Life Student Wellness Single Stop Services Athletics Public Safety College Forum Portals Students Student Portal MDConnect Canvas SharkNet Student Email Navigate Student Employees Employee Portal MDConnect Email Retiree Portal Navigate Staff Office 365 Give Now Apply Register Search MDC site Miami Dade College Enroll Now Apply | Register | Search for Classes Speak to a Representative Now Admissions | Advisement | Financial Aid | Book a Virtual Appointment | Start a Live Chat Canvas and Other Learning Resources | Resources for Faculty Teaching Previous Next Academic Programs Browse academic programs Get Started Apply Now View important dates About MDC Request Information Learn More Quick Links Students Faculty and Staff Alumni and Donors Register Now Student Support MDConnect | Grades, registration, payments Canvas | Canvas Chat 24/7 Support Transcripts | Order your transcript Bookstore | Purchase books and supplies Academic Calendar | View important dates Employee Portal Resources MDConnect | Log in to the PeopleSoft Portal Email | Access your Outlook webmail Canvas Implementation Academic Calendar | View important dates Retiree Portal | View your benefits Make a Gift Stay Connected Foundation | Learn how you can help Alumni | Connect with MDC Gift Impact | How do donations help? About MDC 100,000 Enrolled Students We're one of the largest and most diverse institutions in the nation. 93% Graduate Debt Free Pay for college with financial aid and other resources. Most of our students graduate without debt. 25 Average Class Size Our student/teacher ratio is 25:1. It’s easy to connect with teachers and other students. About Miami Dade College MDC News More News Upcoming Events MDC Event Calendar Student Life Join the nation's most diverse student body and take part in programs and activities that enrich your college experience. Make new friends, create a student group or Shark it up at sports events. Student Life Arts & Culture Miami Dade College continues a tradition of cultural and artistic endeavor. MDC features award-winning performances, readings and exhibits that are as diverse as the community it calls home. Arts & Culture Community Partnerships Community engagement is an important part of our work. We collaborate with our partners to serve the community and train students in useful, workforce skills that lead to rewarding careers. Community Partnerships MDC in Pictures All Photo Galleries Get Connected Skip to footer The Get Connected section does not offer the best user experience for screen readers. To view our full social media feeds, visit us on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram. You may also find our social media pages by skipping directly to the footer. Campuses and Centers Hialeah Homestead Kendall Medical North Meek Padrón West Wolfson Information Future Students Current Students Employees Retirees Business Opportunities Give | Alumni Mobile App Connect with MDC Follow on Instagram Find on Facebook Follow on X Follow on LinkedIn Watch on YouTube Get Help Help & FAQs Contacts & Hours College Directory Sitemap Request Information Copyright © Miami Dade College Privacy Policy Consumer Information EOP/ADA/Title IX Jobs at MDC Human Resources Site Feedback Accreditation Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu