The Keene Sentinel | News for the Monadnock Region | Local Matters | News in Keene NH Skip to main content Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe News for the Future Local news State news Obituaries E-edition Health Reporting Lab Invisible Illness Local sports Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Op-ed Community Announcements School news Community news Community Camera Contact Us Puzzles Elf Weekly Photos Subscriber services Pay your Bill Change Your Address Delivery Issues Contact Us Newsletters Sentinel Events Calendar Magazines Classifieds Legal Announcements National and world Archives through 1945 Contests Housing help Jobs Independent Contractor Mailroom Foreman Place a Job Ad Search for Jobs Advertising Pay your advertising bill Today's paper (e-Edition) Keene Sentinel Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Weather sponsored by:Pinney Plumbing & Heating 41° Menu Search DonateSubscribe Register Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search Home Subscribe Local news Photos Monadnock Profile Health Reporting Lab Invisible Illness podcast Local sports Player of the Week Area schedule Opinion Letters to the editor Editorial Op-Ed Columns Obituaries ELF Contact us Puzzles e-Edition Weekday e-Edition Weekend e-Edition 2024 Choice Awards - Nomination Round Now Open! Watch and listen to Season 2 now! Duty Calls - Tickets on Sale! 41° Weather sponsored by: Pinney Plumbing & Heating Local news Three people injured in Peterborough crash Monday 1 hr ago PETERBOROUGH — Three people were taken to the hospital after a two-vehicle crash on Route 101 in Peterborough Monday afternoon, according to Police Chief Scott Guinard. Nelson voters to consider $1.38M budget, solar array for town hall By Hunter Oberst Sentinel Staff Updated 1 hr ago NELSON — A $1.38 million budget, a new generator, and town hall roof repairs and a solar array are all matters that will be laid before voters… Keene school board candidates discuss state laws, local challenges at forum By Christopher Cartwright Sentinel Staff Updated 1 hr ago The four candidates running for seats on the Keene Board of Education discussed issues ranging from top agenda items to how to respond to cont… Monadnock voters to elect officers and weigh staff contract, $37.8M budget By Jamie Browder Sentinel StaffUpdated 1 hr ago Residents of Monadnock Regional School District towns will elect officers, as well as vote on an annual school district budget and two other w… Charlestown to elect officers, consider $6.6M budget and potential new fire station By James Rinker Sentinel Staff Updated 1 hr ago CHARLESTOWN – Voters will head to the polls next week to consider the annual town meeting warrant, which includes a proposed $6.6 million town… Black immigrants in area reflect on 'many layers of identity' By Mrinali Dhembla Sentinel StaffUpdated 17 hrs ago When she first set foot in the U.S. as a young girl, Gail Somers didn’t really think of her racial identity beyond being Jamaican. She develop… Surry town warrant features decreased budget proposal By Jack Rooney Sentinel Staff Mar 4, 2024 SURRY — Voters in next week’s elections and annual town meeting will consider a warrant that includes a roughly 10 percent budget decrease alo… Brattleboro fire causes heavy damage to apartment building By Sentinel StaffUpdated Mar 4, 2024 BRATTLEBORO — A second-alarm fire early Friday evening on the third floor of an apartment building did not cause any injuries, but did displac… Injured hiker assisted off Mount Monadnock Friday By Sentinel StaffUpdated Mar 4, 2024 JAFFREY — A Connecticut man was taken to the hospital Friday after a fall. Most popular Man arrested in Keene on Friday charged with murder Police: Missing Berlin children found safe in Keene Police: Drug investigation leads to Bay State man's arrest in Keene Keene district tells Winchester it plans to end tuition agreement in 2027 Main Street America Insurance aims to sell Keene office building, plans to stay in city Local sports Keene Middle School wrestlers rack up multiple state titles, again By Michael M. McMahon Sentinel Staff 55 mins ago There’s dominance, and then there’s the two-year run the Keene Middle School wrestling program has been on. Keene State's Rodrigue named ACHA D-II Northeast Coach of the Year By Sentinel Staff 55 mins ago Keene State men’s club ice hockey coach Bobby Rodrigue was announced as the American Collegiate Hockey Association’s Division II Northeast Reg… Keene High Nordic teams expect to be in the hunt at state meet By Michael M. McMahon Sentinel Staff 55 mins ago Keene High Nordic Ski team coach Pete Hills admits this has been one of the trickier seasons he’s dealt with as head coach. Call to the Pen: Keene State deserved to host another weekend By Michael M. McMahon Sentinel Staff Mar 4, 2024 What a weekend it was at Keene State. Hinsdale's Nardolillo, undefeated RIC women headed back to Sweet 16 By Sentinel StaffUpdated Mar 4, 2024 The Rhode Island College women’s basketball team’s quest back to the Final Four surged ahead on Saturday, and Hinsdale’s Angelina Nardolillo p… Sign up for our newsletters! Full Name Email* Pick the newsletters you'd like to receive: Weekday Newsletter The Check-Up Bites & Beats Please verify your request* Sign me up! The 2023 Monadnock Region Family Resource Guide The Family Resource Guide was developed by the Success by Six Committee of the Rotary Clubs of Keene. This guide is part of the mission to help children by improving the quality of life of young children and their families throughout the Monadnock region by building and sustaining a climate of support. The 2023 Monadnock Region Family Resource Guide Let's Go! Opinion Guest Opinion: Only Congress can — and must — tap the brakes on AI Guest Opinion: The hidden lives of cicadas and other insects Reader Opinion: Helping Ukraine helps America, by William Brown Reader Opinion: 'Reproductive rights' a misleading term, by Linda Griesbach For the Birds: Titmice, or titmouses, are a frequent presence, by Chris Bosak Sentinel Opinion: Housing emergency; The cost of housing those in need is outstripping what the city has budgeted Guest Opinion: Children vs. fetuses: What’s wrong with this picture? More Opinion Community On the river Owls Hinsdale announces second quarter honor roll School News, Feb. 27, 2024 Towering trees Monadnock announces second quarter honor roll School News, Feb. 23, 2024 More Community News Obituaries Pauline Waldron Irene Anna Parent Hugh Milford McLellan Brenda Faith Korpi Natasha L. Symonds DeAnna L. Colburn Paul Bradford Crosby More Obituaries All new episodes out now! Subscribe to our e-Edition newsletters Let us deliver our daily or weekend e-Edition, right to your email inbox! Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. The Keene Sentinel e-Edition | Weekday Edition Would you like to have The Keene Sentinel's weekday e-edition delivered to your inbox? Subscribers can sign up to receive our Monday through Friday e-edition at 11:30 a.m. via email. The Keene Sentinel e-Edition | Weekend Edition Would you like The Keene Sentinel's weekend e-edition delivered to your inbox? Subscribers can sign up to receive our weekend e-edition on Saturday at 6 a.m. via email. Manage your e-Edition newsletters Our magazines ELF Weekly Publication Link The Business Journal Winter 2024 Extraordinary Women Ewing Arts Awards Publication Link Monadnock Table Publication Link 2023 Players of the Year Creating a Local Impact Parent Express February Family Resource Guide Choice Awards Publication Link Browse all of our magazines Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram iOS App Android App Sections Home Local news Health Reporting Lab Local sports Opinion Obituaries ELF Weekly Puzzles E-edition Calendar Services Log in About us Contact us Purchase a Subscription Manage your subscription Send us news Place an Ad × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 SentinelSource.com 60 West Street, Keene, NH | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe Health Lab stories Subscribe