NASA Ocean Color Toggle navigation Ocean Color Web NASA deploys a number of Earth observing instruments that measure the spectral nature, or color, of water. Specifically, NASA acquires, archives, and publicly distributes such data from a variety of sources, including remote sensing ocean color instruments on satellite and airborne platforms, as well as similar measurements made on shipborne field campaigns, by long-duration autonomous in situ platforms, and derived as Earth system model outputs. The Ocean Biology Processing Group (OBPG) at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center has been operating and supporting the Ocean Color Web since 1996. As a Science Investigator-led Processing System (SIPS), our responsibilities include the collection, processing, calibration, validation of ocean-related products from a large number of operational, satellite-based remote-sensing missions providing ocean color, sea surface temperature and sea surface salinity data to the international research community. As a Distributed Active Archive Center (DAAC), known as the Ocean Biology DAAC (OB.DAAC), we are responsible for the archive and distribution of satellite ocean biology data produced or collected under NASA EOSDIS, including those from historical missions and partner space organizations. Get Started Find Data Use Data What is Ocean Color? Ocean Color is the apparent hue, shade, or tone of water that results from the interactions of sunlight with the microscopic composition of the water column and water itself. Typical relevant water constituents include phytoplankton, mineral particles, and dissolved organic matter. The color of the ocean varies with how these materials in seawater absorb and scatter photons of different wavelengths, which varies with their composition. For example, highly productive waters where phytoplankton are abundant can appear green, whereas less productive waters with fewer constituents typically appear blue. The spectral nature of color of the water, that is, the intensity at which different wavelengths absorb and scatter photons, can be used to infer the quality and quantity of materials that comprise natural waters - allowing scientists, policymakers, and society as a whole to understand their composition on local to global scales. This understanding can lend insight into how aquatic organisms at the base of the food chain thrive or decline under changing conditions of their environments. Ocean Color Social Media SUPPORTED MISSIONS Learn about satellites and the instruments capturing ocean color data. 2024 (TBD) OCI The Ocean Color Instrument (OCI) is the primary instrument aboard the Plankton, Aerosol, Cloud, and ocean Ecosystem (PACE) mission. Its optical spectrometer will be used to measure properties of light over portions of the electromagnetic spectrum and enable continuous measurements at finer resolutions than previous sensors. 2022 Nov 10 NOAA-21 VIIRS The Visible and Infrared Imager/Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) is currently being flown on the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) series on JPSS-2 (a.k.a. NOAA-21). JPSS is a multi-platform, multi-agency program that consolidates the polar orbiting spacecraft of NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). 2018 Dec 3 HawkEye The Hawkeye instrument, flown onboard the SeaHawk CubeSat, was optimized to provide high quality, high resolution imagery (120 meter) of the open ocean, coastal zones, lakes, estuaries and land features. This ability provides a valuable complement to the lower resolution measurements from previous missions like SeaWiFS, MODIS and VIIRS. 2018 Apr 25 S3B OLCI The Ocean and Land Colour Instrument (OLCI) is the successor to ENVISAT's Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MERIS) having additional spectral channels, different camera arrangements and simplified on-board processing. The OLCI is a push-broom instrument with five camera modules sharing the field of view. 2017 Nov 18 NOAA-20 VIIRS The Visible and Infrared Imager/Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) is currently being flown on the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) series on JPSS-1 (a.k.a. NOAA-20). JPSS is a multi-platform, multi-agency program that consolidates the polar orbiting spacecraft of NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). 2016 Feb 16 S3A OLCI The Ocean and Land Colour Instrument (OLCI) is the successor to ENVISAT's Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MERIS) having additional spectral channels, different camera arrangements and simplified on-board processing. The OLCI is a push-broom instrument with five camera modules sharing the field of view. 2011 Oct 11 SNPP VIIRS The Visible and Infrared Imager/Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) is a multi-disciplinary instrument that was first flown on the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership (SNPP) spacecraft. VIIRS is the successor to MODIS, having 22 spectral bands, 16 moderate-resolution bands, 5 image-resolution bands, and one day-night band. 2010 Jun 26 GOCI The Geostationary Ocean Color Imager (GOCI) is one of the three payloads onboard the Korean spacecraft Communication, Ocean and Meteorological Satellite (COMS). It acquires data in 8 spectral bands (6 visible, 2 NIR) with a spatial resolution of about 500 m over the Korean sea. 2009 Sep 10 HICO The Hyper-spectral Imager for the Coastal Ocean (HICO) is based on the PHILLS airborne imaging spectrometers. It is the first spaceborne imaging spectrometer designed to sample the coastal ocean. During operation, HICO collected ~2000 scenes/year from around the world. 2008 Feb 28 MERIS The Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MERIS) is a programmable, medium-spectral resolution imaging spectrometer which acquires data over Earth whether illumination conditions are suitable or not. Its 68.5 field-of-view around nadir covers a swath width of 1150 km. 2004 May 4 MODIS-Aqua Aqua (a.k.a. EOS PM) is a satellite in NASA's Earth Observing System (EOS) that orbits the Earth from south to north and passes over the equator in the afternoon. The data acquired by Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on the Aqua spacecraft complements that of Terra satellite. 1999 Dec 18 MODIS-Terra The key instrument on the Terra spacecraft, Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS), views the entire Earth's surface every 1 to 2 days, acquiring data in 36 spectral bands, or groups of wavelengths to help improve our understanding of global dynamics and processes occurring on the land, in the oceans, and in the lower atmosphere. 1997 Aug 1 SeaWiFS The key instrument on the Terra spacecraft, MODIS (or Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer), views the entire Earth's surface every 1 to 2 days, acquiring data in 36 spectral bands, or groups of wavelengths to help improve our understanding of global dynamics and processes occurring on the land, in the oceans, and in the lower atmosphere. 1996 Aug 17 OCTS Coastal Zone Color Scanner Experiment (CZCS) was the first instrument devoted to the measurement of ocean color and flown on a spacecraft. Although other instruments flown on other spacecraft had sensed ocean color, only CZCS had every parameter optimized for use over water to the exclusion of any other type of sensing. 1978 Oct 24 CZCS The Japanese Space Agency (NASDA - National Space Development Agency) launched the Advanced Earth Observing Satellite (ADEOS) carrying the Ocean Color and Temperature Scanner (OCTS) instrument aboard. OCTS is an optical radiometer with 12 bands covering the visible, near infrared and thermal infrared regions. {{goal_title}} {{date}} The Upcoming PACE Mission PACE is NASA's Plankton, Aerosol, Cloud, ocean Ecosystem mission, currently in the design phase of mission development. It is scheduled to launch in 2024, extending and improving NASA's over 20-year record of satellite observations of global ocean biology, aerosols (tiny particles suspended in the atmosphere), and clouds. PACE will advance the assessment of ocean health by measuring the distribution of phytoplankton, tiny plants and algae that sustain the marine food web. It will also continue systematic records of key atmospheric variables associated with air quality and Earth's climate. PACE has two fundamental science goals: To extend key systematic ocean color, aerosol, and cloud data records for Earth system and climate studies. To address new and emerging science questions using its advanced instruments, surpassing the capabilities of previous and current missions. Visit the PACE website ABOUT Our Team Contact Us DATA Get Started Find Data Use Data TOOLS SeaBASS SeaDAS Giovanni Data Visualizer Worldview Mapping Interface Level 3 Time Series Plotter Request a SeaHawk Image Mission Quality Monitor HELP Level 1 & 2 Browser Help Level 3 & 4 Browser Help File Search Help Search & Download Help Earthdata Forum Join Mailing List How to Cite Data CONNECT WITH US COMPLIANCE Web Privacy Policy Data & Information Policy Communications Policy Freedom of Information Act USA.gov Responsible NASA Official: Sean Bailey Curator: OceanColor Webmaster