California State University, Northridge Skip to main menu Skip to main content CSUN California State University Northridge Toggle Search Search Submit Search Main Menu MyCSUN CSUN Portal Gmail Microsoft Office 365 Canvas Box Zoom Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Local Community Información en español Request Info Visit Apply Covid-19 Give CSUN California State University Northridge About About Overview Cabinet Road Map to the Future History University Boards and Councils Mission, Values and Vision Close Submenu Academics Academics Overview Colleges Graduate Studies Advising & Tutoring All Things International Study Abroad Community-Engaged Learning Library Academic Calendars University Catalog Class Search Explore Majors & Programs Program Finder Close Submenu Admissions & Financial Aid Admissions & Financial Aid Overview How to Apply Dates & Deadlines Cost & Financial Aid After You Apply Admitted Students Close Submenu Student Life Student Life Overview Associated Students Clubs & Activities Student Services & Support Athletics Housing & Dining Health & Wellness Safety & Security University Student Union Close Submenu Research Research Overview Student Research Centers & Institutes Community-Engaged Research Research & Sponsored Programs Funded Projects Research & Creative Activity Centers & Institutes Close Submenu Toggle Alternate Menu Toggle Search Search Submit Search MyCSUN CSUN Portal Gmail Microsoft Office 365 Canvas Box Zoom Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Local Community Información en español Request Info Visit Apply Covid-19 Give Giving Day Is Coming March 6-7! Share your love for CSUN and give for a brighter tomorrow. About This Video Play/Pause Life on the CSUN Campus With a diverse student body, the vibrancy of California State University, Northridge is evident daily in our classrooms as well as students engaged in recreational activities on campus and in the community. Academic Programs & Majors Your Future Starts Here Search Submit Search Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Student Life Live Matador Life to the Fullest Whether you’re looking to join a student club and take part in activities outside of the classroom or if you're just looking for someone who you can connect with, you can find it here. Explore Student Life Play Video Success Stories CSUN students and alumni use their talent and world-class education to lead, innovate and advance the public good. Read their stories and imagine your own success. Any opportunity I get to make people feel something, makes me happy and full. Fabian Chavez ’15, Saxophone Performance/ Jazz CSUN definitely gave me the tools and the space to tell my own stories. Román Zaragoza ’21, Cinema and Television Arts – Film At CSUN I developed the skills and passion for biomedical research... ﻿I am forever proud and thankful to be a Matador alumnus! Malachia Y. Hoover ’17, M.S. Biology You Belong at CSUN Diversity, equity, inclusion and justice is at the core of CSUN's values. We're committed to a campus culture where everyone feels valued and engaged. Black History Month CSUN celebrates the history of African American history on campus and beyond. CSUN Is Home to Nearly 500 Student-Veterans Meet a Matador who has served. Engaging and Empowering the Future Change-Agents and Leaders through Holistic Support Learn about Black Scholars Matter. CSUN News See All News April 27, 2023 CSUN to host multimedia performance that explores climate change April 26, 2023 ‘Ghosts’ Stories: On a Hit TV Show, CSUN Alum Uses His Voice April 25, 2023 Tribal Leader, Philanthropist and Acclaimed Author to Receive Honorary Doctorates from CSUN Load More CSUN Events Mar 5 Canvas Clinic on Grading Time: 2:00pm - 3:00pm Location: Online Get the details Mar 6 — Mar 7 CSUN Giving Day starts March 6 Time: 8:00am - 8:00pm Location: Online Get the details Mar 6 Canvas Insights Time: 11:00am - 12:00pm Location: Online Get the details Load More 18111 Nordhoff Street Northridge, CA 91330 Contact Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube LinkedIn A to Z Accessibility Directory Emergency Information Employment Maps & Parking The Soraya University Policies & Procedures Your Right to Know – Consumer Information 88.5FM (KCSN) Invest in the Leaders of Tomorrow Give Now © 2024 California State University Northridge Accessibility Title IX Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Annual Security Report (CLERY) Annual Fire Safety Report Campus Safety Report Document Reader CSU System Scroll back to the top of the page