Buffalo News | Breaking News | Read the latest Buffalo, NY, and Erie County news from the Buffalo News. Get headlines on local weather, entertainment, and events. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 54° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Police & Courts Business Politics State & Regional History National & World News Tip Photo Galleries Obituaries Featured Obituaries In Memoriam Celebration of Life Share a story Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorial Guest/Columnists Zyglis cartoons Sports Bills Sabres High School College Bisons & Baseball Outdoors Betting Casino Gusto Event Calendar Food & Drink Music Movies & TV Arts & Theatre Contests Comics Puzzles Columns Play Lifestyles Announcements Parenting Health Home & Garden Travel Fashion Pets Faith Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition [BN] Ads E-edition Archives Special Sections Buffalo Magazine [BN] Home Wellness WNY Best of 716 Destination Education WNY Nurses WNY Weddings Sponsored Content Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Marketplace Public Notices Pets Place Contests The Buffalo News Store Shop Local Customer Service Activate Manage subscription Newsletters Subscribe Now Contact Us Deliver Us Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Gusto Lifestyles Business Jobs 54° Mostly Cloudy Bills free agency tiers: Who should be brought back? Who's readying to say goodbye? The finish line is in sight for the Buffalo Bills’ 21 pending unrestricted free agents. Beginning Monday, the agents for those players can enter into contract negotiations with the rest of the NFL’s 31 teams. By next Wednesday – the official start of the new league year – any agreed-to deals… Work/Life Solutions helping workers make financial headway Work/Life Solutions is helping employees keep working while building financial security and boosting credit scores. Higgins' staff remains at work – but in D.C., his absence makes a difference In some ways, with no congressman representing Buffalo until after an April 30 special election to fill Brian Higgins' seat, it's business as usual. But on the House floor, Higgins' resignation temporarily makes things easier for the Republican majority. ECC South property presents potential opportunity for developers, but will they bite? With SUNY Erie Community College looking to move out of its underutilized 102-acre South Campus next door to the new $1.7 billion Buffalo Bills stadium in favor of a smaller site in the area, there may be an opportunity for developers to bring a major attraction, retail and housing or multif… Buffalo Bills agree to trade OL Ryan Bates to Chicago Bears for fifth-round draft pick Ryan Bates was traded Monday night by the Bills to the Chicago Bears in exchange for a fifth-round pick in next month’s NFL draft. Bills team physician Dr. Leslie Bisson awarded for research in CPR training and outreach The NFL Physicians Society awarded this year’s Arthur C. Rettig Award for Academic Excellence to Dr. Leslie Bisson, head team physician of the Buffalo Bills. Testimony in Metcalf trial focuses on official's shocked reaction to learning spit mask was used David Marciniak, who was director of correctional health at the Erie County Holding Center, told jurors in the civil trial over the death of Richard Metcalf Jr. about Jail Management Superintendent Thomas Diina's statement about a spit mask. Hot enough? Buffalo basks in record high March 4 temperature of 72 The National Weather Service said Monday that Buffalo set a new record high temperature for March 4. The thermometer peaked at an official 72 degrees shortly before 2 p.m. at the NWS station at Buffalo Niagara International Airport in Cheektowaga and stayed there for more than two hours, unt… Sabres GM Kevyn Adams plans to retool '.500 team' with long-term plan in mind As Adams prepares for the NHL’s trade deadline at 3 p.m. Friday, he’s in a position where, if the right deal is offered, he will have to trade away key players. Judge dismisses lawsuit challenging pay raises for Buffalo's elected officials State Supreme Court Justice Craig D. Hannah dismissed the lawsuit against the city on two grounds. Amazon exceeds hiring and salary targets for Hamburg distribution center As of the end of 2023, Amazon reported 205 full-time equivalent jobs in Hamburg, nearly tripling the target. And the starting pay range is $17.75 to $23 per hour, besting the wage goal. Don Paul: Cloud climatology and potential hazards of the total eclipse The cloud cover possibilities for the total eclipse on April 8 in Western New York have more complexities than just cloudy vs. sunny. Heather Ly joins growing list of staffers leaving WGRZ In a telephone interview Saturday, Ly said she was offered the job of “Most Buffalo” host last Thursday but declined it because she and station management were about $30,000 apart on salary. Erie County pays state $14.6M so jail officers can gain full pension sooner The Erie County Comptroller's Office recently informed the County Legislature that it paid $14.6 million to the state in order to cover both $12.8 million in retroactive state pension payments, and the $1.9 million additional annual payment for 2024, which will be a recurring additional cost. Complete coverage: Gearing up for a total solar eclipse in Western New York Preparations are underway in Western New York for a total solar eclipse on April 8. Here is our complete coverage. Closed primaries shut out millions of voters, divide Americans into ‘warring camps’ In contested 2022 congressional and legislative elections, states with at least partially closed primaries blocked about two in five registered voters from casting ballots, a Lee Enterprises analysis found. Not real news: Stories about 'Disease X,' migrants in New York and a Starbucks mug have been circulating on social media Don't believe everything you see on social media. We debunk claims about a contagion, housing for migrants in New York City and watermelon mugs. U.S. immigration system must evolve to meet reality on border, report says New study details eight recommendations to improve U.S. immigration enforcement and management, in light of a rapidly evolving reality at the southern border. Not real news: Stories about Jeffrey Epstein's court records and Nikki Haley have been circulating on social media Don't believe everything you see on social media. We debunk claims involving Jeffrey Epstein, Nikki Haley and T-Mobile. Looking back on 2023: Government dysfunction, Elon Musk, Taylor Swift, Simone Biles and more! | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of the top stories of 2023 through this special edition of our Hot off the Wire daily news podcast. What stores are open and closed for New Year's Eve 2023? See hours for Walmart, Target, CVS and more While a handful of major chains operate normally on the final day of the year, many others close up shop early. Here's a rundown of New Year's Eve hours for stores across the U.S. this year. Winter is here: Facts and tips to get you through the season In honor of the change of seasons, we've compiled a package of facts as well as tips to help get you through winter. A common abortion pill will come before the US Supreme Court next year. Here's how mifepristone works Mifepristone, one of the two common abortion pills used in the U.S., will go in front of the Supreme Court next year. Here's a closer look at how it works and the legal challenges that the drugs face. What might a second Trump presidency look like? Political journalists shift attention to Jan. 20, 2025 There has been a flurry of stories recently about what might happen if Donald Trump is elected to a second term as president, based on reporting about planning that is going on behind the scenes and taking the former president's words seriously. ‘Target list,’ ammo and conspiracy theories: Authorities reveal details on UNLV gunman who killed 3 faculty members It remained unclear why Anthony Polito, who lived in the Las Vegas suburb of Henderson, targeted UNLV or if he had any connection to the school. How to watch the fourth Republican presidential debate and what to look for The number of candidates on stage is shrinking, but the fundamentals of Wednesday's Republican presidential debate may be familiar to anyone who has watched the previous three meetings. Here's how to watch the debate and what to watch for. Handcuffed and sent to the ER – for misbehavior: Schools are sending more kids to the hospital Advocates say schools across the country are sending children to the emergency room for psychiatric evaluations in response to behaviors prompted by bullying or frustration over assignments. The ER trips, they say, often follow months, and sometimes years, of their needs not being met. 3 takeaways from the AP's investigation into how the Mormon church protects itself from child sex abuse claims Recordings obtained by The Associated Press provide an unprecedented record of the steps the Mormon church normally takes behind closed doors to keep allegations of child sex abuse secret. Not real news: Debunking revived 'pizzagate' claims and other false stories circulating on social media Social media users shared a range of false claims this week. Here are the facts in stories involving 'pizzagate,' the 2020 election and Doctors Without Borders. Winning the presidential nomination is all about delegates. But how does the process work? Here are the basics about the delegate selection process that you should know as the presidential primary campaign gets underway in less than seven weeks. Recommended For You Heather Ly joins growing list of staffers leaving WGRZ Sabres GM Kevyn Adams plans to retool '.500 team' with long-term plan in mind Buffalo Bills agree to trade OL Ryan Bates to Chicago Bears for fifth-round draft pick The Latest M&T's Jones sees need for banks to rebuild trust One year ago, Silicon Valley Bank was collapsing. Not long after, regulators shut down Signature Bank. Silvergate Bank also closed, and regulators seized First Republic Bank and sold it to JPMorgan Chase. #EveryDayAPhoto 2024 We all know that Western New York is an amazing place – its diverse weather, beautiful resources and wonderful people. Every day, Buffalo News photographers continue to bring you an image that reflects that wonder. Our challenge is to look at things differently, to remind us all to take the … Factory crews help firefighters put down blaze at Lockport chemical plant City of Lockport Fire Department firefighters found that the extinguishing had already started when they arrived to answer a call at VanDeMark Chemical Co., 1 N. Transit Road, shortly before 8 p.m. Monday. Man on probation sentenced to four years in prison on drug charge A man who violated terms of his probation has been sentenced to four years in state prison on a felony drug charge, Chautauqua County District Attorney Jason Schmidt announced. Business M&T's Jones sees need for banks to rebuild trust JetBlue and Spirit are ending their $3.8 billion merger plan after a federal judge blocked the deal Black women struggle to find their way in a job world where diversity is under attack Buffalo Next: What's happening this week in Buffalo Niagara business? Latest Video What is the #MyStory program? Amherst’s Taryn Ashley, Ada Radomski and Lucy Giordano on becoming sectional champions Letter writers follow Trump-Biden and local politics Health’s Amir Moye strips Mason Evans and passes it to Dwayne Thirst for the game-winner Sports Photos: WNY best players compete in High School Boys Hockey All-Star Game Team Northtowns in dark jerseys competed against Team Southtowns in white jerseys in High School Boys Hockey All-Star Game at LECOM Harborcenter Monday. The game featured the area's top players. Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. UB women's basketball prepares for postseason, great expectations Tournament seeding is on the line for many local college basketball teams, including the University at Buffalo women. The St. Bonaventure women open the Atlantic 10 women’s basketball tournament this week, and the Canisius men’s basketball team gets national-television treatment Friday. Amherst’s Taryn Ashley, Ada Radomski and Lucy Giordano on becoming sectional champions Life & Entertainment What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Photos: Notable deaths in 2024 Here's a look back at the entertainers, leaders, athletes and other notable people we've said goodbye to so far in 2024. Contributor Buy Facebook likes: 18 best sites and apps reviewed Contributor Content. In today’s digital age, social media presence is vital, and acquiring genuine engagement can significantly boost your online visibility. Local Events Lifestyle Fans gather to say goodbye to Flaco the owl in New York City memorial Black women struggle to find their way in a job world where diversity is under attack Luxury homes on the market in Buffalo Peace, music and memories: As the 1960s fade, historians scramble to capture Woodstock's voices Opinion Another Voice: Good for the Neighborhood is great for rural communities in need Letter: News overlooks diverse Christian traditions Letter: Stolen $326K from clerk highlights system failure Letter: Writer wants Trader Joe’s to locate in the Southtowns Nation & World Ammo supplier says he provided no live rounds in fatal shooting of cinematographer by Alec Baldwin Former Trump CFO Allen Weisselberg pleads guilty to perjury in deal that doesn't require cooperation Fans gather to say goodbye to Flaco the owl in New York City memorial Police say former NFL player Braylon Edwards is a hero for saving a man during YMCA assault Interact With Us Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Affiliate Contributor Buy Facebook likes: 18 best sites and apps reviewed Contributor Content. In today’s digital age, social media presence is vital, and acquiring genuine engagement can significantly boost your online visibility. Sponsored 11 best testosterone boosters 2024: Do they actually work? Provided content. The best testosterone boosters on the market to potentially boost your testosterone. This article will guide you through the top brands in 2024. Contributor Stress-free spring: 17 strategies for prioritizing self-care and wellness this season Contributor Content. Spring is nearly here, and there's no time like the present to become the champion of your own wellness. Contributor Deadline approaching for the Employee Retention Credit reporting program Contributor Content. As the March 22, 2024 deadline for the Employee Retention Credit (ERC) reporting swiftly approaches, it is imperative to acknowledge the heightened scrutiny the IRS appears to be placing on businesses, tax professionals, and promoters engaged in this program. Shop Local Spotlights Handmade gifts under $50 Buffalo Magazine Snail mail, but make it cool Buffalo Magazine 4 books to gift by Buffalo-based authors Buffalo Magazine Newsletter Email Sign up for newsletters from The Buffalo News Convenient updates to your inbox on daily headlines with Good Morning, Buffalo, plus breaking news, local sports and food and drink. Print Ads Other Arcade Cuba Springville Other 3/2/24 WNY Values Page 4 Other City and Region March 2024 Other March Bargains Other Buffalo - March 2024 PFP Other Buffalo Magazine - March/April 2024 Other Southtown PS Other 3-2024 PFP Campaign Showers Ads BN Home Carol Esposito 3/2 Other Arcade PS × Facebook Twitter YouTube Sites & Partners Buffalo Job Finder BN Home [BN] Ads Buffalo Magazine WNY Weddings Classifieds The Buffalo News Store Services Activate Manage Subscription Advertise With Us Work Here Contests Newsletters Contact Us Become a Carrier Licensing © Copyright 2024 The Buffalo News, 726 Exchange St. Buffalo, NY 14210 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe