Mixlr - Broadcast Live Audio Mixlr Features Listen Pricing Login Get started Go live now Upload recording Creator space Start free trial Profesional audio Simplified. Start free trial Live Stream Host Share Available on Windows Android MacOS MacOS The simplest way to get audio to your audience. Penske Entertainment and the INDYCAR Radio Network have used Mixlr for over a decade to reach our INDYCAR fans across the globe. It is a pleasure to continue with the Mixlr platform as we evolve in the new era of digital content. Chris Pollock, Network Director, INDYCAR Radio Network We've been streaming live on Mixlr since 2014...from remote villages to some of the biggest stadiums in the world. We love Mixlr, it's great! Easy to use, reliable with excellent audio quality. Jonathan Pinfield, Live Sports FM We broadcast with Mixlr because it is a very simple-to-use, ready-to-go solution. Sommie Njoku, Dominion City Lagos A Complete Solution We're a comprehensive one-stop-shop for all audio needs - from live streaming and hosting to beautiful, custom players, apps and websites. Quality Sound, User-Friendly Tools Our user-friendly tools simplify the production of professional-grade audio, making it accessible for everyone. Tailor Your Audio Presence Our advanced customization options allow creators to maintain and express their brand identity. Audio for Beginners to Pros We cater for all skill levels, offering everything from plug-and-play to account-managed white-labeled solutions. A Decade of Audio Expertise We've been dedicated exclusively to audio for over 12 years, positioning us as industry experts. Create and Listen Anywhere, Effortlessly Mixlr is crafted for flexibility and ease of use on the go, ensuring that both creators and listeners enjoy a seamless audio experience, no matter where they are. Your content, your rules We champion full creative control for audio creators, offering extensive personalization, privacy options, and a commitment to ad-free content. Support That Resonates First-class support at every step, from setup inquiries to specialized assistance for live events. View all features Broadcast your audio today Start free trial Mixlr Facebook Twitter Pricing Blog Support Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © Mixlr Ltd 2024 - All rights reserved