Historical Climate Data - Climate - Environment and Climate Change Canada Skip to main content Skip to About this site Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Home Environment and natural resources Weather, Climate and Hazard Historical Climate Data Access historical weather, climate data, and related information for numerous locations across Canada. Temperature, precipitation, degree days, relative humidity, wind speed and direction, monthly summaries, averages, extremes and Climate Normals, are some of the information you will find on this site. Meteorological records Radar image in Atlantic region 1961 – 1990 Climate Normals Graph Vineland, ON weather station Weather map from July 1878 Services and Information Historical Data Search and download past Canadian hourly, daily, and monthly weather data. Historical Radar Access historical radar images from our network of radar sites across Canada. National, regional and local images are available. Canadian Climate Normals Find our Canadian Climate Normals & Averages datasets. Presented in monthly and annual tables. Monthly Climate Summaries A cross-country summary of the averages and extremes for the month, including precipitation totals, max-min temperatures, and degree days. Almanac Averages & Extremes Average and extreme temperature and precipitation values for a particular station over its entire period of record. Engineering Climate Datasets Are you interested in IDF Curves, CWEEDS or CWEC files? Visit our Engineering Climate Datasets page. Related Links and Resources Access additional links and resources, including the Canadian Centre for Climate Services, which helps Canadians understand and become more resilient to climate change. Consultations National & Regional Climate Services Offices Prices for Historical Climate Data About the Data Frequently Asked Questions Technical Documentation Get More Data Glossary Data Licence Agreement Terms and Conditions Page details Feedback about this web site Date modified: 2024-01-30 About this site Environment and natural resources Contact us Our environment Nature-based climate solutions Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.caTerms and conditions Privacy