UK Home | Daily Mail Online Home News Royals U.S. Sport TV&Showbiz Femail Health Science Money Travel Shopping Best Buys My Profile Logout Login Discounts TUI Booking.com ASOS Just Eat Deliveroo boohoo Very Nike Virgin Media Uber Eats Boots B&Q Amazon John Lewis My Profile Logout Login Breaking News Australia Video Israel-Hamas You Books Promos Rewards Mail Shop Cars Property Columnists Games Jobs My Profile Logout Login Privacy Policy Feedback Tuesday, Mar 5th 2024 1PM 38°C 4PM 38°C 5-Day Forecast Home Last updated: 07:40 GMT, 5 March 2024 Advertisement Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers' huge fortune revealed following his tragic death from cancer aged 66 Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers' huge fortune has been revealed following his tragic death aged 66. The TV chef passed away last week with his friends and family by his side, two years after he revealed he was undergoing treatment for an unspecified type of cancer. 9 337 comments 3 videos Female colleague at centre of Christian Horner sexting scandal is 'still in contact with him and wanted to fly out to support team at Bahrain Grand Prix' -as Red Bull F1 chief threatens to sue website over claims Christian Horner's career and marriage to Spice Girl Geri Halliwell (centre) is under threat after the woman, who MailOnline is not naming, complained that he sent her 'sexually suggestive' messages. But despite the explosive claims the female employee has apparently stayed at work at Red Bull's HQ in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. The woman even asked to fly to the Bahrain Grand Prix to support the team last weekend, sources told The Sun yesterday. It comes as Horner is understood to be threatening legal action against a Formula 1 magazine that named the female colleague. 88 1 video Celebrity Big Brother full line up finally revealedCalvin Harris reveals disgusting jet lag cureSue Cleaver reveals secret to incredible weight lossGary Goldsmith reveals if Kate will be watching CBBSimon Cowell breaks down in tears at charity ballCelebrity Big Brother full line up finally revealedCalvin Harris reveals disgusting jet lag cureSue Cleaver reveals secret to incredible weight lossGary Goldsmith reveals if Kate will be watching CBBSimon Cowell breaks down in tears at charity ballCelebrity Big Brother full line up finally revealedCalvin Harris reveals disgusting jet lag cureSue Cleaver reveals secret to incredible weight lossGary Goldsmith reveals if Kate will be watching CBBSimon Cowell breaks down in tears at charity ball EDWARD LUCAS:If you want to leak a secret to the Kremlin, just tell the Germans – their spies are a bunch of total incompetents On Friday, the Russians revealed they had eavesdropped on a discussion between the head of the Luftwaffe and top air force colleagues about donating Germany's Taurus missiles to Ukraine. 37 comments 69 shares EDWARD LUCAS: If you want to leak a secret to Moscow, tell the Germans Fury after vulnerable girl prisoner is pinned down and forcibly stripped by male guards on TWO separate occasions Charlie Taylor, HM Chief Inspector of Prisons, also blasted 'inappropriate use of pain-inducing techniques' at Wetherby young offenders institution (YOI) in West Yorkshire. comments 14 shares Fury after vulnerable girl prisoner is stripped by male guards twice 'What a treat to see her!' Royal watchers share joy as Princess of Wales is seen in public for first time since her op in school run photos published in US Kate, who has taken a step back from the spotlight while recovering from abdominal surgery, was seen being driven by her mother Caroline near Windsor. 12 comments 1 video 20 shares Royal watchers show joy as Princess Kate seen publicly for first time Rule Britannia can be 'alienating' to people, says Labour's shadow culture minister and suggests Proms anthem could be replaced by folk music To many, it is a stirring patriotic anthem conjuring up images of Britain's long and proud history. But Rule, Britannia! can feel 'alienating' to others, according to Labour culture spokesman Thangam Debbonaire (left). The frontbencher said she wanted culture to be 'accessible to everyone' and it was 'a good debate for us to be having'. She was responding to a question about the view of cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason that playing the song at the Last Night of the Proms (right) would make Britons feel uncomfortable. Ms Debbonaire, MP for Bristol West since 2015, said 'a lot of people' would agree with him. 64 2.3k comments RICHARD LITTLEJOHN: The Muslim firebrand kicked out of France says it couldn't happen in Britain. Too right, guv! Imam Mahjoub Mahjoubi was deported to Tunisia shortly after delivering a sermon trashing the French flag and allegedly stirring up hatred against Jews and women. comments 39 shares Muslim expelled from France wouldn't have been kicked out of UK Why DOES Max Verstappen's dad loathe Geri Horner's husband Christian Horner so much? ALISON BOSHOFF asks: is it because of Jos Verstappen's friendship with the woman at the heart of the sex text scandal? The good people in the Red Bull F1 press office continue to insist all is well. Move along, they say, nothing to see. But it has been a torrid week for them and, frankly, it's getting murkier by the day. comments share Why does the father of Red Bull's star driver loathe Geri's husband? Jeremy Hunt to bring in 'temporary' 5p cut in fuel duty in his budget to help calm Tory jitters as shock poll puts party at all-time low Whitehall sources told the Mail that the Chancellor will protect motorists in tomorrow's Budget in a bid to show the Government is on the side of ordinary motorists. 28 1.2k comments Vicars in uproar after the Church of England moves to set aside £1 billion to pay for slavery reparations The church will ask super-wealthy families and investors to help it build an enormous pot of cash to address 'enduring harms from enslavement'. 43 914 comments Our nightmare by the four Hampstead mothers falsely accused of being satanic paedophiles: Middle class women who were forced to turn detective to jail their tormentors speak for the first time There's a photo on Anna's phone which captures what she now knows to be the final day of normal life for her family: it shows her nine-year-old daughter making her way to school across a snowy Hampstead Heath. 'When I looked back on that picture, I realised I had no idea then how much our lives were about to change,' Anna, who is played by an actress in a new Channel 4 documentary, recalls. 'It was the last snapshot of life as we knew it.' Because the next day - February 5, 2015 - Anna and her husband, along with other parents and staff at her daughter's pretty North London primary school, found themselves caught in a nightmare. 3 comments 9 shares The innocent school gate mums accused of being satanic paedophiles My prostate tumour had no symptoms. If my wife hadn’t made me see a doctor, it could have been fatal, reveals Steve Rider Last autumn, after a 45-year career in sports broadcasting 'without a single day off through ill health', Steve Rider learned he had ­prostate cancer - and it could kill him if he didn't act fast. comments share Steve Rider: How my wife's persuasion helped me in prostate battle The Way review: It's a scandal that Michael Sheen is allowed to spout his divisive poison on BBC1... I give it NO STARS, writes CHRISTOPHER STEVENS CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Actor and director Michael Sheen 's spittle-flecked revolutionary rant The Way (BBC1) began with incoherent fury. 6 comments 1 video 25 shares The Way review: I give it NO STARS, writes CHRISTOPHER STEVENS I can't afford a home in my area but could purchase a buy-to-let elsewhere: Is it a good way to get on the property ladder? I have a 25% deposit, but as a single person my income isn't enough to get a mortgage where I live. Can I buy a home somewhere else to rent out? 2 comments share Should I purchase a buy-to-let property to get on the housing ladder? Why have I been blocked from putting money in my Isa? I live abroad in Cyprus but still pay UK tax I live in Cyprus but have a UK current account and an Isa. Nationwide has blocked me from transferring funds from one to the other because I live abroad. 2 comments share Why can't I transfer funds into my Isa now that I live abroad? Sir Lenny Henry reveals he quit Comic Relief due to missing former co-hosts including ex-wife Dawn French and teases his replacement following 39 YEARS presenting the iconic telethon The comic, 65, who co-founded the charity alongside Richard Curtis , has co-hosted every single incarnation of the Red Nose Day special since its inception as a charity in 1985. 245 comments 1 video 20 shares Sir Lenny Henry reveals reasons for quitting Comic Relief Fears German military leaks are just the 'tip of the iceberg': Intelligence experts fear more Nato secrets may have been compromised as Russia uses Olaf Scholz as its 'useful idiot' 'The leak could have been just the tip of the iceberg,' August Hanning, Berlin's former intelligence chief, told German Tabloid Bild. 219 comments 1 video 16 shares Fears German military leaks are just the 'tip of the iceberg' CELEBRITY BIG BROTHER Celebrity Big Brother is BACK! Sharon Osbourne enters as surprise guest star, Louis Walsh brings the X Factor and Ekin-Su Culculoglu ups the glam as full lineup is finally revealed after weeks of rumours Celebrity Big Brother is back on screens. The reality show is returning six years after its last broadcast, in the wake of the wildly-successful comeback of the civilian series in November last year and is now set to appear on ITV for the first time ever on Monday night. After much-anticipation over the cast list, the stars of the show have now been revealed with X Factor legend Louis Walsh at the helm alongside Fern Britton, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, David Potts and Garry Goldsmith. 28 290 comments 5 videos Celebrity Big Brother line-up blasted as 'dreadful' as fans are forced to 'look up' the housemates The ITV show made its long-awaited return to screens on Monday night, with 12 unassuming stars moving into the famous house. 81 comments 3 videos 38 shares Celebrity Big Brother line-up blasted 'dreadful' by fans Fern Britton insists she will be 'kind' when spilling secrets about Phillip Schofield as she enters the Celebrity Big Brother house The presenter, 66, became a household name hosting This Morning alongside Philip, 61, from 1999 to 2009, when she was replaced by Holly Willoughby, 43. 56 comments 1 video 2 shares Ferne Britton will be 'kind' when spilling secrets about Schofield Princess of Wales's uncle Gary Goldsmith slams Prince Harry for throwing the royal family 'under the bus' and defends Kate against claims she was the 'royal racist' - before going on Big Brother and saying 'she'll be hiding behind the sofa' Gary Goldsmith, who entered the Celebrity Big Brother house as a contestant tonight, described his royal niece as 'beautiful' and branded the racism claims against her as 'bull****'. In an interview with The Sun, he said: 'She's beautiful on the outside, but more beautiful on the inside and really is a doting mum. That's why I got so upset with Harry and Meghan because you don't put a stick into that spoke and reinvent history. I've got pretty miffed when they had a pop at my beautiful niece who couldn't say anything for herself.' 156 779 comments 2 videos Uzbekistan is the ONLY nation more miserable than Britain: Global report says the Dominican Republic tops world wellbeing charts The UK only ranked 70th out of 71 countries in terms of mood, outlook on life and self-esteem in 2023, scoring only 49 on the mental wellbeing score when the global average was 65. 33 311 comments Why ARE so many young people having heart attacks? They had seemingly healthy lifestyles... but all these people suffered heart problems Dave White waved goodbye to his partner, Vicky, and two young sons with little idea that his life was about to change dramatically. A short time later, the 31-year-old had a heart attack on the pitch. 299 150 comments EXCLUSIVESimon Cowell breaks down in tears and emotionally admits he 'can't talk' as he hosts the Together For Short Lives charity ball The music mogul, 64, was in attendance alongside his fiancée Lauren Silverman for the event at London's Dorchester Hotel. 43 comments 1 video 91 shares Simon Cowell breaks down in tears at charity ball Mummified fetus with elongated skull found in Colombia could be 'alien' or 'tiny cave-dwelling humanoid' that lived over 800 years ago, researcher claims Potentially extraterrestrial fetus still has signs of an umbilical cord, images show. A Spanish ex-public radio host who obtained the photos said mummy came from Columbia 436 comments 1 video 237 shares Mysterious fetus found in Colombia could be 'alien' or 'tiny humanoid' EXCLUSIVEHow did property prices perform under nine different Chancellors over the past 30 years? Winners and losers revealed New research reveals how vibrant the property market has been during the tenure of various Chancellors in the past 30 years. 1 comment share Which Chancellor saw the biggest boost in the property market? Can the Budget help keep Britain's pubs open? As more locals shut their doors, what landlords want from Jeremy Hunt The BBPA has said more pubs closed for good last year than in 2020 or 2021 when Covid-related curbs forced hospitality venues to temporarily shut up shop. comments share Can the Budget help keep Britain's pubs open? Three men appear in court in India accused of gang raping Brazilian travel blogger while she was motorcycling across the world with her husband Fernando, 28, and Vicente, 63, have 300,00 followers online and where they have been documenting their journey around the world on a motorbike.The couple, who were making their way to Nepal from India on separate motorcycles, reportedly stopped for the night at Dumka district in India's Jharkhand, setting up camp in a makeshift tent before being spotted by the men and accosted by men who then sexually assaulted Fernando. Breaking down in a video filmed at a hospital in India, Vicente revealed the injuries they suffered, saying his 'mouth was destroyed' after the attackers used a helmet and a stone to beat him. 108 1 video MAILONLINE SHOPPINGView More >CONTAINS AFFILIATED CONTENTMORE INFOProducts featured in these articles are selected by our shopping writers, who scour the internet to let you know about great deals. If you click on or make a purchase using links in these articles, MailOnline will earn a small payment or commission on any sales. To find out more, click hereSleep easy and save HUNDREDS in the Emma Easter Sale! Don't miss up to 40% off their bestselling mattresses, toppers, pillows and accessoriesSHOPPING: Looking for the best mattress deals this spring? The Emma Easter Sale is here with up to 40 per cent off its award-winning mattresses, including the NextGen Premium Plus.commentsshareSave up to 40% on mattresses in Emma's huge Easter saleMother's Day? Nailed it! This personalised photo book is the PERFECT gift - it can be filled with your favourite memories together (and we've got an exclusive discount)SHOPPING: Looking for a totally unique Mother's Day present that will be remembered for years to come? YourStory bounds your stories and memories of your loved one into a hardback book.commentsshareThis personalised photo book is the perfect gift for Mother's Day Psychiatrist said he would lose 75% of his patients if people made these two lifestyle changes Psychiatrists have zeroed in on what they believe to be the most effective ways for the one in 10 Americans living with depression to alleviate their symptoms: exercise and cognitive therapy. 40 110 comments Katie Piper secures huge new ITV deal amid claims she's set to be ' the queen of weekend TV' after Laura Whitmore and Oti Mabuse's 'shows are axed' Katie Piper's Breakfast Show, which first aired in 2022, features celebrity guests, advice from experts and entertainment recommendations. 91 comments 1 video 15 shares Katie Piper secures huge new ITV deal Daughter, 18, breaks down in tears as she makes emotional appeal to find her missing mother who has not been seen since making Facetime call five months ago Calley Smith pleaded for help tracing Khasha Smith, 35, from Calder in Edinburgh, who was last seen during the video call on October 10 last year. 23 comments 28 shares Daughter, 18, breaks down in emotional appeal to find missing mother Would you fire a stranger's snot up your nose to unblock it? That's the revolutionary new treatment that could herald a cure for congestion and hay fever... Scientists have found transplanting bug-rich mucus from healthy donors into the nostrils of those with permanent congestion clears the airways by reducing inflammation. 22 comments 44 shares Could firing a stranger's snot up your nose be the cure to unblock it? CHRISTIAN HORNER TEXT SCANDAL 'Overkill rituals' and a 'dramatic signal of both affection and enduring sexual attraction': Judi James analyses body language between F1 boss and his Spice Girl wife at Bahrain Grand Prix The beleaguered F1 boss and his Spice Girl wife put on a show of unity over the weekend as Red Bull's Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez claimed a sensational one-two victory to briefly take the spotlight off the leaked texts storm. Red Bull principal Horner was cleared of inappropriate behaviour towards a female colleague last week following an internal probe - but 24 hours later, flirtateous texts apparently exchanged between the pair were leaked to 149 F1 figures. The leak of messages seems to show that Horner sent her suggestive texts and intimate photographs believed to be the main evidence in her complaint to Red Bull GmbH. But despite the bombshell leak, Halliwell has stood by her husband and kissed him in front of the cameras in Bahrain. In other footage, Horner is seen placing his hand on his wife's waist as they watch Red Bull's celebrations. 1 comment 1 video 20 shares Judi James analyses body language between Christian Horner and wife Fresh woe for Christian Horner as NEW allegations are published in 19-page investigation which names his accuser - as he's seen in furious mystery row with nemesis Jos Verstappen A Formula One trade magazine that has 5,000 readers has done a 19-page investigation into the case, containing a series of damning new allegations. 467 comments 1 video 110 shares More woe for Christian Horner as Red Bull deny new bombshell claims REVEALED: The astonishing break clause in Max Verstappen's contract which allows him to walk out on Red Bull as Christian Horner tries to make peace with world champion's father Christian Horner, defiant after being cleared of charges of improper conduct towards a female colleague, tried to broker a fragile peace with his star driver's manager in a meeting in Dubai. 12 comments 5 shares REVEALED: The astonishing break clause in Max Verstappen's contract I was driven to a chateau and raped by Epstein's friend - a top model agent. Keeping the train ticket I used to escape helped put him behind bars four decades later It was an incident that shaped her life for ever. When Annemarie Ettekoven (left) was raped at the age of 20, it destroyed her confidence and crushed her career as a model before it had even begun. Now 65, a softly spoken woman with a steel resolve who works as an historical archivist, she says that after the assault she felt so 'stupid and ashamed' that she kept her trauma to herself. 'I was very cautious after that,' she says. 'I'm quite sure I chose the profession I did because it is behind the scenes.' There is a grim irony, then, to the fact that she and other victims of her rapist are now at the centre of a scandal causing headlines around the world. Because the man she accuses of raping her was French model agent Jean-Luc Brunel (pictured right and inset with Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell). 1 comment share I was driven to a chateau and raped by Epstein's model agent friend Jeff Bezos overtakes Elon Musk as world's richest for the first time in three years as Amazon founder's net worth tops $200billion while Tesla creator's stumbles after $55.8billion compensation package was struck down by Delaware court Jeff Bezos has returned to the top of the list of world's richest people for the first time in three years, as his worth hits $200 billion and former No. 1 Elon Musk's wealth stumbles. 85 comments 113 shares Jeff Bezos overtakes Elon Musk as world's richest Elon Musk says 'the groundwork is being laid for something far worse than 9/11' after Biden administration ADMITTED flying 320K unvetted migrants into the US has national security 'vulnerabilities' Elon Musk bashed President Biden's administration after they admitted to flying 320,000 unvetted migrants into the US as Musk said it could mean 'something far words than 9/11' comments 1 share Elon Musk bashed Biden administration for flying unvetted migrants EXCLUSIVEHow olive oil could be making you FAT and UNHEALTHY despite being touted as a Mediterranean superfood, according to top dieticians Olive oil is well known for its health qualities. Influencers have pounced on this idea, and urged people to drink it on its own. But there is no evidence that a neat glass of oil is healthy for you. 159 676 comments Have your hangovers suddenly got worse? Long Covid could be to blame, study suggests Researchers at Stanford University in California, found all four patients they interviewed who were suffering symptoms months after an infection reported having much worse hangovers. 192 comments 21 shares Bad hangovers? Long Covid could be to blame, study suggests A-list inspiration! Billionaire heir Anant Ambani's bride-to-be Radhika Merchant channels Blake Lively at the couple's lavish pre-wedding event by sporting stunning Versace gown that was near-IDENTICAL to Gossip Girl star's 2022 Met Gala look Radhika Merchant channeled Blake Lively in a gown that was similar to the one she wore to the Met Gala during her lavish pre-wedding festivities. Radhika, 29, is marrying Anant Ambani, 28, the son of Indian businessman Mukesh Ambani, who has a net worth of more than $116 billion. They're not getting married until July, but they kicked off the celebration early with a three-day wedding extravaganza attended by Ivanka Trump, Mark Zuckerberg , Bill Gates, with a $9 million, 90-minute performance by Rihanna. 68 comments share Radhika Merchant wore custom Versace gown just like Blake Lively's Inside billionaire heir Anant Ambani's yo-yo transformation: How 28-year-old groom shed 238LBS after embarking on weight loss journey in 2014 - before showcasing a much fuller figure at lavish pre-wedding event attended by Ivanka Trump and Mark Zuckerberg Anant Ambani has struggled with obesity for a large part of his life, once losing a huge 238lbs through overhauling his diet and exercise routine. 28 comments 31 shares Inside billionaire heir Anant Ambani's yo-yo transformation Inside the battle for India's biggest business: Anant Ambani's pre-wedding bash was lavish display of power that attracted global heavyweights including Ivanka Trump and Mark Zuckerberg, but is he losing the race to take over family business? The three-day extravaganza in Jamnagar, India, captured the world's attention. But behind the bonanza lies a struggle for power in India's richest family. 17 comments 2 videos 1 share Inside the battle for India's richest family - and biggest partiers Trump beats Nikki Haley AGAIN: Former president storms to victory in the North Dakota Republican caucus and heads into Super Tuesday looking for a clean sweep to leave his final rival in the dust The result could be a curtain-raiser for Tuesday's wave of ' Super Tuesday ' primaries, where voters from 15 states and one U.S. territory will head to the polls. 220 comments 2 shares Trump wins the North Dakota Republican presidential caucus Ultra-processed foods are to blame for the state of more than half the patients I see, says PROFESSOR ROB GALLOWAY. We must act to stop them killing more Last week a study by world-leading epidemiologists across the world changed everything. It confirms the truth about the risks of ultra-processed food - it's literally killing us. 175 comments 55 shares We must stop ultra-processed food killing us, says PROF ROB GALLOWAY The glamorous ex-TV presenter at George Galloway's side: Firebrand MP's fourth wife who is 30 years his junior made 'The Killing$ of Tony Blair' documentary, co-hosted his Sputnik show (and even painted her nails in Palestinian flag for his Commons return) George Galloway made a controversial return to the House of Commons today by comparing Israel's operations in Gaza to the Holocaust - less than an hour after being sworn in as MP for Rochdale. But as the firebrand MP conducted his Westminster press conference this afternoon, it was hard to miss his glamorous wife nodding behind him as she looked to undoubtedly agree with his inflammatory remarks. Galloway's fourth wife Putri Gayatri Pertiwi, who is 30 years younger than him, has made a documentary called 'The Killing$ of Tony Blair and also co-hosted his Sputnik show. As her divisive husband declared that those in Gaza were the victims of a 'genocide' at the hands of Israel, Ms Pertiwi stood behind him in a show of support, flaunting her nails which had been painted in the colours of the Palestine flag. After winning his seat by running on a pro-Palestinian platform, Galloway refused to condemn Hamas , saying they had been chosen by the people of Gaza in election, and said 'the next election will be about Muslims'. 173 comments 2 videos 24 shares Who is Rochdale MP George Galloway's fourth wife? EXCLUSIVEMeet the plant detective who helped to solve the Pret sandwich tragedy and is now researching new ways to treat cancer Professor Simmonds is a plant detective who has worked at Kew since 1985. She helps solve crimes by analysing fauna and flora for clues. 8 comments share Meet the plant detective who helped to solve the Pret sandwich tragedy What NOT to do when selling your car: Experts reveal the nine mistakes that could result in losing money on a car sale With new '24' plates now on sale since the 1st March, here are the top nine things Motorpoint's experts want you to look for to save money, and time before selling your car. 18 comments share What NOT to do when you're selling you car Scientists may have finally found the cause of long Covid Scientists at Cambridge University believe low iron levels in the blood - and the body's ability to regulate this important nutrient - could be a key driver of ongoing issues with long Covid. 636 830 comments How I survived growing up in the House of Horrors - by Fred and Rose West's daughter: Mae West has gone on to marry, have a family and build a comfortable middle-class life There aren't many support groups for the children of serial killers. 'There are a limited number of us about,' Mae West observes wryly. 69 comments 1 video 40 shares How I survived House of Horrors, by Fred and Rose West's daughter Mae CELEBRITY BIG BROTHER Celebrity Big Brother review: Will Kate's rogue relative Uncle Gaz be spilling the royal beans? Frankly, it was hard to care, writes CLAUDIA CONNELL Gary Goldsmith, better known as 'Uncle Gaz,' revealed that if his niece Catherine, Princess of Wales, was watching last night's launch show then it was likely to be 'from behind the sofa.' As he made his entrance by twerking, dancing and revealing himself to be 'fun, entertaining wind-up,' she probably wasn't the only one. And although Gary is hardly what you'd call a star, he was positively A-list when it came to the programme's mostly pitiful line up. Scratching your head and muttering 'who?' when the celebrity casting for a reality TV show is announced is something most of us are accustomed to. 35 comments 2 videos 38 shares Celebrity Big Brother review by CLAUDIA CONNELL 'Sharon Osbourne being the first housemate is iconic!!!': Celebrity Big Brother fans go WILD as Sharon Osbourne enters the house to kick off the new series Celebrity Big Brother kicked off with a bang as Sharon Osbourne made her grand entrance during the launch episode on Monday. 108 comments 3 videos 31 shares Celebrity Big Brother fans go WILD as Sharon Osbourne enters the house 'She's desperate to be relevant': Celebrity Big Brother fans (and Louis Walsh) SLAM Ekin-Su Culculoglu claiming she's been on 'every show' as the reality TV veteran enters the house The 29-year-old's veteran status was also pointed out by fellow housemate Louis Walsh , 71, as he gave Sharon Osbourne , also 71, the low down as they hid in the secret lair. 31 comments 2 videos 14 shares Celebrity Big Brother fans (and Louis Walsh) SLAM Ekin-Su Culculoglu Celebrity Big Brother host Will Best strips NAKED to recreate Barry Keoghan's iconic Saltburn dance In a video posted just hours ahead of Monday's launch, the presenter stripped naked to dance through the famous house, to Sophie Ellis-Bextor 's hit Murder On The Dancefloor. 40 comments 1 video 48 shares Celebrity Big Brother host Will Best strips NAKED for fun clip Celebrity Big Brother 2024 LIVE: Fern Britton is the last housemate to step foot in the iconic house after Heartstopper star Bradley Riches MAILONLINE RECAP: A full rundown of Celebrity Big Brother's launch show 167 comments 69 shares Celebrity Big Brother 2024 RECAP: Full line-up revealed The 'truth' about Cary Grant's sexuality is finally revealed: He was the subject of rumours for decades, now a friend has told all about his male lover. TOM LEONARD explores the Hollywood legend's legacy The debate over the sexuality of a matinee idol who once said 'making love is the best form of exercise' has raged for almost a century. Now a close friend of the actor in his later years has spoken out to say that Grant (pictured inset with his fourth wife) definitively told him he'd had at least one homosexual love affair. And it was with fellow star Randolph Scott (the pair pictured together left and right), the man whose unconventional life with Grant has always raised eyebrows. 836 comments 347 shares The truth about Cary Grant's 'platonic friendship' with a fellow actor George Galloway's Nazi jibe: New Rochdale MP is sworn in to Parliament - and accuses Netanyahu of 'Holocaust' in Gaza, calls Hamas a 'legitimate government' and says the 'next election will be about Muslims' The Workers Party of Britain leader officially took his new seat this afternoon, nine years after last sitting on the green benches. 4.9k comments 3 videos 169 shares George Galloway is sworn in as MP and compares Israel to the Nazis QUENTIN LETTS on George Galloway's return to Parliament: The pied piper of politics retains the mollusc's flair for squirting salt at anyone who tries to pick him up QUENTIN LETTS: Mr Galloway, 69, swore the oath in the Commons. The chamber reacted as if someone had let off a frightful pong. 39 comments 1 video 9 shares QUENTIN LETTS on George Galloway's return to Parliament The definitive top 25 heavyweight boxers of all-time: How high does Tyson Fury rank, who was tougher than Mike Tyson and is Muhammad Ali really the greatest? JEFF POWELL gives his ultimate verdict The question is who are the top 25 heavyweight boxers of all time? The hardest part of the answer is choosing between legends with the most powerful claims to be No 1. 195 comments 84 shares JEFF POWELL'S definitive top 25 heavyweight boxers of all-time Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver, 60, reveals the secret to her incredible weight loss transformation after dropping three stone The Coronation Street star, 60, has been displaying a slimmer frame of late as a result of being 'seriously ill' last year as well as giving up alcohol . 37 89 comments 1 video John Candy's children pay emotional tribute to late actor on the 30th anniversary of his tragic death aged 43 ohn Candy's beloved children paid an emotional tribute to the late actor on Monday on the 30th anniversary of his tragic death aged 43. Iconic actor Candy - who was famed for starring in films such as Home Alone , Cool Runnings and Planes, Trains and Automobiles - died of a heart attack on March 4 1994, leaving behind his wife Rosemary and two young children Jennifer and Chris. 281 255 comments 1 video LIZ JONES: Don't condemn humiliated Geri for playing the Stepford Wife... this is why she hasn't lost her girl power On Saturday I watched - along with a near-hysterical female WhatsApp group - as Geri Halliwell arrived at the Formula 1 circuit in Bahrain to support her husband, Christian Horner. 212 382 comments 1 video CRAIG BROWN: If Kanye's chilly, spare a thought for his missus Bianca Censori... CRAIG BROWN: Unlike Kanye West, Bianca Censori must have felt the cold, as she kept setting off on their shopping expeditions without a woolly jumper. 25 comments share CRAIG BROWN: If Kanye's chilly, spare a thought for his missus Britain's battle with pregabalin: Map reveals areas where up to one in 25 residents is given powerful anti-anxiety pills - as UK sleepwalks towards crisis over 'Valium on steroids' Tens of thousands of Brits take the prescription-only drug, nicknamed 'Valium on steroids' and the 'new Xanax' by doctors aware of its powerful effects. 407 comments 256 shares Inside the UK's battle with pregabalin EXCLUSIVENew couple alert? Luann de Lesseps and Mary-Kate Olsen's ex-husband Olivier Sarkozy spark romance rumors as they enjoy a cozy two-hour date in NYC Luann de Lesseps and Mary-Kate Olsen's ex-husband, Olivier Sarkozy, set tongues wagging with romance rumors after an intimate lunch date in the heart of New York City on Monday. 185 comments 2 videos 37 shares Luann de Lesseps and Mary-Kate Olsen's ex Olivier Sarkozy enjoy date EXCLUSIVESheridan Smith is seen 'falling over in the street drunk' in shock scenes from new London stage role that involves her acting OUTSIDE the theatre Speaking exclusively to MailOnline inside her dressing room at London's Gielgud Theatre ahead of her debut performance in Opening Night, the Brit star, 42, appreciates the obvious parallels between herself and Myrtle Gordon, the drunken Broadway legend she's bringing to life in her new stage show. However, where some actors may swerve such triggering parts, Sheridan describes being offered the role as 'a gift' because she can use it to finally extinguish past traumas which threatened to derail her career. She said: 'It feels like a moment of taking back control. I feel like the part is a gift, it's a gift of a part for any actress to play and I'm loving every minute of it, it's such an honour. I can't wait for people to see it now.' 107 231 comments 1 video Wife of ambulance boss dies after student was sent as the 999 first responder when she suffered cardiac arrest The wife of a Scottish Ambulance Service boss has died after a student was sent as the first responder during a 999 emergency. 1 comment 1 share Ambulance chief's wife died as trainee sent to emergency What's making me so windy and constipated? DR MARTIN SCURR on the symptoms many find difficult to discuss The sensation of not being able to completely empty the rectum is called tenesmus. It is a constant sense you failed to get everything out and need to try again. 68 comments 67 shares DR MARTIN SCURR: What's making me so windy and constipated? Fury as Palestinian woman, 79, who hijacked two planes and called Hamas terrorists 'freedom fighters' is billed as guest speaker at British fundraising event Leila Khaled, 79, will appear via videolink at an event hosted by the PSC, which are the same group who projected the slogan 'from the river to the sea' onto Big Ben 66 comments 4 shares Palestinian woman who hijacked two planes to give talk in UK Former undercover agent for the CIA reveals how YOU can make yourself a more convincing LIAR - and shares the key signs that indicate if someone is being dishonest Andrew Bustamante, 45, is a former CIA agent who served as a spy and has lifted the lid on the key signs that someone is lying to you and how you can become better at fabricating the truth. 119 comments 1 video 55 shares Former undercover CIA agent reveals key signs that someone is LYING EXCLUSIVEOne of world's richest former supermodels, 60 - who famously appeared in 13 consecutive Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues - looks almost unrecognisable as she steps out in Montecito. But can YOU guess who it is? She is one of the world's wealthiest former supermodels after launching a lucrative brand licensing company at the height of her highly successful cover girl career. After getting her big break in modeling in the 1980s, the brunette beauty's initial claim to fame was appearing in 13 consecutive issues of Sports Illustrated, including three covers - one of which the magazine would name as its greatest swimsuit cover of all time in 2014. But these days it's not so easy to catch a glimpse of the 60-year-old married mother of three, who was almost unrecognizable during a rare appearance in Montecito earlier this week. 130 683 comments The North Face goes woke as clothes brand popular with Gen Z offers customers 20% off if they take a 'racial inclusion' course Outdoor clothing company The North Face is offering a 20% discount voucher to its fans. Just an hour of questions on 'allyship', 'inclusion' and 'white privilege' stand between you and the deal. 91 comments 5 shares The North Face goes woke with 'racial inclusion' test for 20% voucher Revealed: The devastating state of maternity care in England. Use our interactive guide to find out how safe it really is to give birth at YOUR local hospital More than half of NHS services are failing, meaning they are unsafe for both mothers and babies, according to our frightening audit of 120-plus sites. 70 comments 12 shares Horrifying analysis reveals HALF of NHS maternity wards are failing Furious row breaks out between Asian restaurant and influencer who asked for a free meal - as social media star brands the eatery 'arrogant' and 'out of order' for turning down the 'positive energy' she can offer Manchester hotspot Lucky Ramen and Sushi, situated in Ancoats, exposed an influencer and told her to 'get the f**k out' after she asked to pay for a meal with 'exposure'. 2 comments 32 shares Restaurant exposes influencer after she asked to collab for free meal Therapist reveals five warning signs that a person is 'untrustworthy' Bernadette Purcell, 45, from New Jersey, has nearly 70,000 followers on TikTok , where she shares mental health advice to promote personal growth. 101 comments 33 shares Therapist reveals five warning signs that a person is 'untrustworthy' Don't believe everything you see! Bizarre images will make you think your eyes are deceiving you NEW These hilarious pictures from around the world, originally found on the Instagram page 'Pics That Go Hard', have been shared by Bored Panda. Among the amusing images is a snap of a dog sabotaging someone's efforts to ban his species from the beach (right), while in another someone appears to have equipped a cat with a camera of its own (left). And that's to say nothing of a Buzz Lightyear, who seems to have traded Toy Story for a zombie movie (bottom inset), or indeed the peaceful musician who remains unperturbed by Hello Kitty's bad behaviour (top inset). Here FEMAIL has picked out a selection of weird and wonderful pictures that will amuse, confuse and absolutely stay with you... comments share Bizarre images will make you think your eyes are deceiving you When the touchy-feely Shah of Persia came to visit Queen Victoria - and barbecued lamb dinners on the Palace carpet. (But they became good friends, all the same!) NEW State visits to Britain have followed more or less the same pattern for well over a century. Take last November's visit by the President of South Korea. If a genie had magicked up George V and Queen Mary for the day, they would have recognised all the components from the official arrival in London, the carriage procession, the posed photos, the exchange of gifts and the State Banquet. It wasn't always like that. Things went a bit awry during the 40 years of Queen Victoria's widowhood. The queen refused to take part in all, but the bare minimum of public events and it was left to the Prince of Wales or other royals to show hospitality. comments share The day the Shah of Persia barbecued a lamb on the Palace carpet EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Eyebrows are raised at Queen Camilla's decision to take a week off amid shortage of royals HARDCASTLE: With both the King and the Princess of Wales hors de combat, there simply aren't enough of the first team to cover the plethora of engagements requiring a royal presence. 270 comments 30 shares EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Eyebrows raised at Queen Camilla's decision Queen Camilla will become the first consort to hand out Maundy gifts when she stands in for King Charles at the annual service this month as he continues to receive treatment for cancer Camilla, 75, will deputise for Charles, who is continuing to receive treatment for cancer , when the ancient ceremony is held at Worcester Cathedral on March 28. 6 comments 48 shares Queen Camilla will become the first consort to hand out Maundy gifts Don't worry it's NOT Princess Wham! Palace reveals how Anne's husband Sir Tim Laurence, 69, got the black eye he was sporting at RNLI anniversary event The royal was spotted at the Royal National Lifeboat Institution's (RNLI) 200th anniversary on Monday with a black eye and a source close to Sir Tim has calmed the fears of royal fans. 12 comments 1 video 26 shares Princess Anne's husband Sir Tim Laurence seen sporting black eye Revealed: Archetypes podcast guest, award-winning race journalist and US actress who is descendant of British and French royalty will join Meghan Markel on star-studded keynote panel of SXSW festival in Texas The festival, South by Southwest, celebrates the convergence of technology, film, music, education and culture and will see Meghan speak alongside stars Brooke Shields and Katie Couric . 228 comments 1 video 116 shares Archetypes podcast guest and actress will join Meghan Markel on panel Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search DON'T MISS Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers' huge fortune revealed following his tragic death from cancer aged 66 Celebrity Big Brother is BACK! Sharon Osbourne enters as a surprise guest star as the full lineup is finally REVEALED after weeks of rumours Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver, 60, reveals the secret to her incredible weight loss transformation after dropping three stone ALISON BOSHOFF: Why does the father of Red Bull's star driver loathe Geri's husband so much? 'What a treat to see her!' Royal watchers share joy as Princess of Wales is seen in public for first time since her op in school run photos Is your skin suffering from blemishes? A psychodermatologist explains why it happens and reveals the UK's No1 dermatologist-recommended skincare brand for blemish-prone skin* Ad Feature EXCLUSIVESimon Cowell breaks down in tears and emotionally admits he 'can't talk' as he attends the Together For Short Lives charity ball Princess Kate's uncle Gary Goldsmith slams Prince Harry for throwing the royal family 'under the bus' Elle Macpherson reveals the surprising activity she does with boyfriend Doyle Bramhall 'You can't put a price on that feeling' Three adult social care workers on the rewards of a career supporting others Ad Feature Sophie Turner goes braless beneath a chic blue shirt as she and boyfriend Peregrine Pearson holds hands following a romantic dinner in Paris Calvin Harris reveals disgusting jet lag cure that left air hostess in shock: 'She'd never seen it before!' Katie Holmes looks sleek in sleeveless black number at NY gala .. after slamming claims she's 'desperate for money' as child support payments from ex Tom Cruise come to an end EXCLUSIVESheridan Smith is seen 'falling over in the street drunk' in shock scenes from new London stage role that involves her acting OUTSIDE the theatre Laugh and learn with your tots and teens: Here are top 10 picks for parents this month Ad Feature Female colleague at centre of Christian Horner sexting scandal is 'still in contact' with him and wanted to fly out to support team at Bahrain Grand Prix Britney Spears' sister Jamie Lynn Spears leaves pics from Christina Aguilera concert out of slideshow The 'truth' about Cary Grant's sexuality is finally revealed: TOM LEONARD explores the Hollywood legend's legacy Megan Fox flashes taut midriff in sports bra as she and Machine Gun Kelly arrive at a resort in Mexico... after rocker got shock blackout tattoos Welcome to the smokefree generation: Soon it could be illegal to ever sell tobacco to anyone turning 15 this year or younger. Here's why... Ad Feature Ted Lasso star Brendan Hunt and fiancee Shannon Nelson welcome second child Archibald Felix Nelson Hunt... who was born three days early EXCLUSIVESports Illustrated swimsuit supermodel turned millionaire entrepreneur, 60, is almost unrecognisable The Way review: It's a scandal that Michael Sheen is allowed to spout his divisive poison on BBC1... I give it NO STARS, writes CHRISTOPHER STEVENS LIZ JONES: Don't condemn humiliated Geri for playing the Stepford Wife... this is why she hasn't lost her girl power Cute couples' holidays! From sun-kissed Tenerife to the romance of Rome, these are the perfect trips to enjoy together Ad Feature Celebrity Big Brother review: Will Kate's rogue relative Uncle Gaz be spilling the royal beans? Frankly, it was hard to care, writes CLAUDIA CONNELL John Candy's children pay emotional tribute to late actor on the 30th anniversary of his tragic death aged 43: 'A lifetime with and without you' Tish Cyrus 'hired security to keep daughter Noah out of wedding to Dominic Purcell' amid love rivalry over Prison Break actor, insider claims Joshua Jackson and Lupita Nyong'o's new romance heats up as they're spotted KISSING on a beach in Mexico Rethinking cremations: Why more people are choosing a direct cremation to say a personal goodbye Ad Feature Celebrity Big Brother's Gary Goldsmith reveals his niece Kate Middleton will be 'hiding behind the sofa if she is watching' Lindsay Lohan commands attention in a metallic gold look before changing into chic pantsuit while out in NY... after confirming Freaky Friday sequel Sean Garinger dead at 20: 16 and Pregnant star killed in horror ATV accident leaving behind two young children with ex Selena Gutierrez Paris Jackson cuts a statement figure in a quirky cat-ear hat as she attends the star-studded Coperni show for Paris Fashion Week Do YOU hear wedding bells? From unforgettable venues to hen do hits, here are top 10 tips for tying the knot Ad Feature Fern Britton insists she will be 'kind' when spilling secrets about Phillip Schofield as she enters the Celebrity Big Brother house Katie Piper secures huge new ITV deal amid claims she's set to be ' the queen of weekend TV' after Laura Whitmore and Oti Mabuse's 'shows axed' AJ Odudu turns heads in a racy red metallic catsuit as she hosts Celebrity Big Brother's launch show alongside Will Best Hardman Vinnie Jones reveals he'd love to stretch his acting skills and play an aristocrat after years of relying on alcohol for confidence Adventures on far-flung shores: From Thailand to the United Arab Emirates, make 2024 a year to remember with tailor-made trips to paradise Ad Feature Celebrity Big Brother 2024: Sharon Osbourne doesn't hold back in HILARIOUS reaction to David Potts: 'Oh dear! His fruit and veg are hanging down' EXCLUSIVELuann de Lesseps and Mary-Kate Olsen's ex-husband Olivier Sarkozy spark romance rumors as they enjoy a cozy two-hour date in NYC Sir Lenny Henry reveals he quit Comic Relief due to missing former co-hosts including ex-wife Dawn French and teases his replacement Celebrity Big Brother fans point out Gary Goldsmith's embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as he enters the house: 'Can someone tell him!' Legendary musician 'to headline Glastonbury 2024' alongside Dua Lipa and Coldplay after negotiations with Madonna broke down Ashley Benson snuggles baby girl as she steps out with oil heir husband Brandon Davis for first time since giving birth to their daughter Sydney Sweeney looks effortlessly chic in a sophisticated black dress as she steps out amid Paris Fashion Week Bella Thorne wows in clingy black dress with a hood as she poses in snowy landscape at Mammoth Film Festival in California Brian Austin Green calls ex-wife Megan Fox a 'one-of-a-kind beauty' and the 'most beautiful woman in the world'... after Chelsea Blackwell got backlash over claim she looked like actress EXCLUSIVEAbbott Lyon's could-be designer jewellery celebs can't stop wearing is now 25% off with our discount code (perfect Mother's Day gifts from £39!) SHOPPING Big Brother winner Jordan Sangha gushes his romance with boyfriend Henry Southan is 'stronger than ever' and slams 'cringe' Gary Goldsmith Celebrity Big Brother returns to screens after six years as Sharon Osbourne reunites with her X Factor pal Louis Walsh before a shock twist is revealed Emma Stone's stunning LA home sells for over $4M in less than TWO WEEKS after she listed it - almost double the $2.3M she paid for it in 2019 House of the Dragon Season 2 will premiere this June on HBO... according to a Warner Bros. Discovery executive These self-care Mother's Day gift ideas from NEOM won't disappoint - shop luxury home fragrances, candles, bath oils and more (and how you can get a free gift) SHOPPING Kaia Gerber visits the Children's Hospital in Los Angeles... days after attending the Make March Matter kickoff Rihanna the $6million wedding singer returns to mom duty: Superstar slips back into sweats to board private jet in Milan with A$AP Rocky Celebrity Big Brother fans (and Louis Walsh) SLAM Ekin-Su Culculoglu claiming she's been on 'every show' Léa Seydoux claims it is 'hard for women to age' in Hollywood without losing work... and admits she is 'not comfortable' as an actress Leonardo DiCaprio has a 'priceless collection of Star Wars toys which he goes undercover to buy' Big Bang Theory creator Chuck Lorre's influencer ex breaks silence on divorce: Arielle Lorre admits 33-year age gap DID play a role in her split Brian Austin Green felt bad for 'freaking out' at ex Tiffani Thiessen every time she had a sex scene with one of their Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars: 'I was incredibly jealous' Kyle Richards is casual in hoodie and trucker hat as she grabs lunch in Hollywood... after getting cowgirl hat tattoo amid rumored romance with country singer Morgan Wade The Garfield Movie trailer shows Chris Pratt's title character going from an abandoned kitten to a loveable fat cat before he joins his father on a heist LeAnn Rimes reunites with husband Eddie Cibrian as they share a kiss and hold hands at Sydney Airport as he joins her amid The Voice Australia gig Zoey Deutch debuts chic new blonde hair-do as she joins a stylish Nicola Coughlan and Laura Whitmore at Louboutin show for Paris Fashion Week Celebrity Big Brother line-up blasted 'dreadful' as fans forced to 'look up' the housemates: 'Clearly they ran out of budget' Celebrity Big Brother 2024 LIVE: Fern Britton is the last housemate to step foot in the iconic house after Heartstopper star Bradley Riches Celebrity Big Brother fans cannot believe Coronation Street star Colson Smith's real age: 'This is that darts kid all over again' Celebrity Big Brother host Will Best strips NAKED to recreate Barry Keoghan's iconic Saltburn dance with some familiar faces Celebrity Big Brother host AJ Odudu reveals her confidence was drastically knocked after being told to take 'elocution lessons' Jonathan Majors reveals he's 'in love' with Meagan Good after stepping out for their red carpet debut... as he awaits sentencing for assault conviction Deborra-Lee Furness is all smiles as she attends Women's Day event in New York with friend Nigel Baker six months after split from Hugh Jackman Princess Anne's husband Sir Tim Laurence, 69, is seen sporting black eye at RNLI anniversary event - as palace reveal how he got nasty injury Pregnant Sofia Richie showcases her growing bump in a snug gray tank top on social media as she greets followers: 'Morning from us' Usher vacations with embattled Russell Simmons in Bali ... as troubled music mogul says that 'a friend walks in when others walk out' Celebrity Big Brother host Will Best rushed to paramedics just minutes before live show after 'sudden turn' Celebrity Big Brother's Sharon Osbourne stuns host AJ Odudu by planting a huge KISS on her lips during her dramatic arrival Jamie Laing makes his Radio 1 debut after replacing Jordan North as he records his first live link in behind-the-scenes clip - but viewers are divided after his opening show Kim Kardashian is set to star in and produce an untitled thriller for Amazon's MGM Studios and producer Bruna Papandrea's Made Up Stories Celebrity Big Brother 2024: Sharon Obsourne and Louis Walsh place Gary Goldsmith, David Potts and Zeze Milz up for first eviction Celebrity Big Brother fans go wild as Louis Walsh lets slip that he knows who's in the house: 'Not even two minutes and BLOWING his cover' Elle Macpherson reveals why she decided to make her runway comeback at 59 - after storming the catwalk at Melbourne Fashion Festival Billionaire heir Anant Ambani's bride Radhika Merchant channels Blake Lively at the couple's lavish pre-wedding event Female junior colleague at centre of Christian Horner sexting scandal is revealed to be a university graduate who climbed the ranks Celebrity Big Brother's Sharon Osbourne, 71, and Louis Walsh, 71, branded 'unrecognisable' Joely Richardson, 59, discusses lack of acting roles for middle-aged women as she's forced to 'work hard for her career': 'There was no place for me' Daisy Ridley reveals what it was REALLY like to work with her husband Tom Bateman on set of upcoming movie Magpie Drake enjoys adrenaline rush during 'low visibility' landing on private plane: 'It makes your heart drop a bit' Sami Sheen, 19, teases her abs in skintight crop top... after saying she wants to 'go bigger' just three months after breast augmentation surgery Janice Burgess - creator of Nickelodeon's The Backyardigans - has passed away at 72 Celebrity Big Brother 2024: Fans go WILD as Sharon Osbourne is tasked with 'brutal' secret mission in HUGE twist minutes after entering the house Girls Aloud continue to tease their upcoming reunion tour as the foursome embrace in sweet social media clip British Museum meme telling women to 'walk around looking confused' to meet men at Roman army exhibition sparks sexism row, writes RICHARD EDEN Joey King shares playful photos from Disneyland Paris as she enjoys the Ratatouille and Autopia rides: 'Truly loved every second' Baywatch is back! Popular 1990s lifeguard series to be rebooted by Fox - but will Pamela Anderson and David Hasselhoff return? Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans files to SEPARATE from husband David Eason... after he and his daughter were allegedly kicked out of the house Celebrity Big Brother fans go WILD as Sharon Osbourne enters the house to kick off the new series: 'Sharon Osbourne being the first housemate is iconic!!!' Adam Sandler enjoys a casual day of shopping in Los Angeles with his wife Jackie just months before pair's 21st wedding anniversary EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Eyebrows are raised at Queen Camilla's decision to take a week off amid shortage of royals Zendaya's on-screen mother Nika King jokes that she needs to come home from Paris Fashion Week to film Euphoria season 3: 'Mama need you!' Celebrity Big Brother fans joke Louis Walsh has been doing his homework as he briefs Sharon Osbourne on all the housemates X Factor star Scarlett Lee looks unrecognisable on American Idol - six years after coming second in British competition Rebecca Ferguson to star alongside Chris Pratt in new sci-fi thriller Mercy - as speculation mounts over identity of mystery former co-star who shouted at her Hailey Bieber is hilariously trolled by MEAT company Oscar Mayer over THAT viral lip balm phone case Shakira, 47, is a minxish mermaid on the beach as she shows off her tiny waistline in a fringed bikini top to promote new album Spencer Matthews pays a heartfelt birthday tribute to late brother Michael and says he hopes his own children will inherit sibling's 'beautiful nature' Will Smith's daughter Willow Smith, 23, goes TOPLESS in stunning black-and-white image as she teases new single Symptom Of Life Naomi Watts wears a blue life jacket over an olive green coat as she carries her healthy lunch aboard a boat to film The Friend in NYC EXCLUSIVEDele Alli's girlfriend Cindy Kimberly shows off her jaw-dropping figure as she becomes PrettyLittleThing's new brand ambassador Hailey Bieber's somber sister Alaia Baldwin seen for FIRST time since assault arrest at Georgia bar - as she is supported by dad Stephen Dune: Part Two star Austin Butler reveals he improvised having his villain kiss on-screen uncle Stellan Skarsgard: He's 'game for anything' Fresh woe for Christian Horner as NEW allegations are published in 19-page investigation which names his accuser EXCLUSIVEAnnie Kilner hints at reconciliation with Kyle Walker as she watches the Manchester derby with their children - weeks after booting him out of their home Sarah Paulson, 49, and girlfriend Holland Taylor, 81, look smitten as they wrap up for a stroll in Paris during Fashion Week As the all new cast of Celebrity Big Brother are seen in Watford, a look at who is entering the house (and who isn't) EXCLUSIVETyler West has cosy chat with Love Island's Chloe Burrows at hotel following Brit Awards - after posing at afterparty with girlfriend Molly Rainford Love Island star Nas Majeed breaks silence after his split from girlfriend of four years Eva Zapico - mere months after sparking engagement rumours Ricki Lake's rocky road to happiness: As actress proudly shows off her 30LB weight loss, FEMAIL lifts the lid on her very dramatic physical transformation Kristin Cavallari, 37, models a skintight minidress for sexy mirror selfie... amid hot new romance with younger beau Mark Estes, 24 Dec Donnelly fights back tears as he is shown a never before seen picture of his late father after shock revelation Big Brother star Jasmine Waltz looks completely unrecognisable 10 years after appearing on the ITV show Emmerdale star hits out at soap bosses after her character's 'uncomfortable' storyline before shock exit Hailey Bieber doesn't let a family feud get her down as she looks confident in a bikini... after dad Stephen Baldwin asked for prayers for her marriage Lady Gaga shows off her freshly BLEACHED eyebrows in makeup-free selfie and reveals she's working on new music: 'Writing lyrics in bed' Kris Jenner says Kim Kardashian 'has no marriage plans'... amid her daughter's romance with football player Odell Beckham Jr Amanda Holden admits she would 'love' to do The Traitors Celebrity spin-off: But would she be a traitor or a faithful? Emma Corrin puts on a chic display in stylish grey blazer as they head out for dinner during Paris Fashion Week Megan Thee Stallion's ex-pal Kelsey Nicole breaks silence on Tory Lanez shooting as she accuses rapper of 'betrayal' Heidi Klum, 50, showcases her age-defying figure in a white bikini as she poses on the cover of Glamour Germany magazine EastEnders reveals hard-hitting new storyline as Denzel Danes becomes addicted to steroids after struggling with his body image Malin Akerman makes the rare move of posing with her husband Jack Donnelly and son Sebastian at the Kung Fu Panda 4 premiere Michelle Williams shares a hug with co-star Jenny Slate on a park bench while filming upcoming FX limited series Dying For Sex on set in NYC Stephen Bear claims he is on Jobseeker's Allowance and could only pay Georgia Harrison £10-a-week as he faced his ex at court hearing Millie Bobby Brown models a sweatshirt with graphics of her dog and rabbit as she snuggles fiancé Jake Bongiovi Katie Price seems worse for wear as she makes X-rated joke and swears at booing crowd after 'taking over' awards ceremony in Ireland Marine Serre bizarrely use a Kate Moss LOOKALIKE for PFW show despite nabbing Winnie Harlow... (weeks after budget shop Aldi pulled same stunt) Celebrity Big Brother house 'secret room reveals surprise housemates could join' as Sharon Osbourne is rumoured to be amongst late arrivals Balenciaga boss Demna is lauded by friend Kim Kardashian in fawning Harper's Bazaar interview - year after boycott over child BDSM ad Jamie Foxx, 56, to finally reveal details of near-death health scare in upcoming comedy special - as star says he was in 'dire straits' amid hospitalization Ferne McCann reveals her secret to losing 2.5 stone as she shows off her impressive weight loss by posing in black underwear Peter Crouch channels his wife Abbey Clancy by stripping off for a hunky new campaign (and admits the snaps left her 'lost for words!') Miley Cyrus CONFRONTED her mother Tish, 56, over claims she stole Dominic Purcell, 54, from daughter Noah, 24 EXCLUSIVEVogue Williams says social media is finally getting easier to navigate with less 'negativity' directed towards mum influencers Brit Turner dies aged 57: Blackberry Smoke drummer passes away after brain cancer battle as rock band pay emotional tribute Tish Cyrus gets donuts with husband Dominic Purcell amid Noah feud... after saying she would have been a 'better parent' if she smoked weed Thylane Blondeau looks chic in all black as she joins stylish Rose Bertram at Zimmerman's Paris Fashion Week show Ripley FIRST LOOK: Andrew Scott leaves a bloody trail of murder and deceit as he fills Matt Damon's shoes in new Netflix adaptation of classic novel Marie Helvin reveals her secrets to being body positive at 71 as she sets pulses racing in daring lingerie shoot Sophie Turner puts on a casual display in a khaki bomber jacket as she departs her hotel during Paris Fashion Week Meghan Markle is named on star-studded keynote panel on opening day of SXSW festival in Texas alongside Brooke Shields Robin Wright looks unrecognisable during TV appearance as she talks reuniting with Tom Hanks for new film and says it felt like 'no time had passed' 30 years after starring together TLC's Chilli is a grandma at 53! No Scrubs hitmaker's son Tron Austin, 26, welcomes baby girl with wife Jeong and reveals adorable name The Flash star Grant Gustin and his wife Andrea reveal they are expecting a second child: 'Shaping up to be an exciting year' Jane Seymour, 73, flaunts her toned arms when with boyfriend John Zambetti at the Footloose: The Musical premiere in Los Angeles JLS star Aston Merrygold and wife Sarah Louise share adorable photos of their newborn daughter after becoming parents for the third time Jessica Biel flashes her behind as she makes the rare move of sharing sexy photos on her 42nd birthday: 'Not a mob wife, a mob BOSS' Paul Mescal shows off his toned legs in tiny shorts as he's seen for the first time since his romance with Sophie Wilde was 'revealed' Stella McCartney travels back in time by reproducing 'About F**king Time' top... 24 years after sporting it at dad Paul's Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame induction Paris Hilton snuggles her napping son Phoenix in a tender social media clip: 'Feels like Heaven when my lil angel falls asleep in my arms' EXCLUSIVEShamed reality star Stephen Bear promotes 'Mexican Cartel' clothing outside court with £50 outfit for sale on anonymous 'prisonissuedrip' TikTok account Millie Bobby Brown gushes about fiancé Jake Bongiovi's dad Jon Bon Jovi and mom Dorothea at Damsel premiere Gordon Ramsay and wife Tana leave date night in style as they drive off in a luxury Aston Martin worth £1 million Casualty star Derek Thompson bags huge role on BBC show following shock exit from medical drama after 37 years BEST BUYS - The smartest way to shop onlineDiscover the world’s seven ancient wonders — and where to stay as you goIs your phone under attack? Don’t let it be the next cyberattack victimGive your skin some TLC with Elizabeth Arden’s skincare savioursThese date ideas are sure to sweep them off their feetDo teeth-whitening products work? Our editors put MySweetSmile to the test8 hotels in the Lake District, best for a perfect stayThe best teeth whitening products to shop onlineLife’s best tales: Autobiographies that are real page-turnersDo Kloris Sleep Patches work? Our editor tries the trendy sleep aidThe best luggage brands for style, function and qualityWe're obsessed with these wooden trays, perfect for any bubble bathCreate the perfect men's capsule wardrobe: From jackets to shoesThe Shark FlexStyle: We review this 5-in-1 hair stylerThese heated clothes airers are the best for saving money and energy13 winter coats best for bracing the British chillDiscover the world’s seven ancient wonders — and where to stay as you goIs your phone under attack? Don’t let it be the next cyberattack victimGive your skin some TLC with Elizabeth Arden’s skincare savioursThese date ideas are sure to sweep them off their feetDo teeth-whitening products work? Our editors put MySweetSmile to the test8 hotels in the Lake District, best for a perfect stayThe best teeth whitening products to shop onlineLife’s best tales: Autobiographies that are real page-turnersDo Kloris Sleep Patches work? Our editor tries the trendy sleep aidThe best luggage brands for style, function and qualityWe're obsessed with these wooden trays, perfect for any bubble bathCreate the perfect men's capsule wardrobe: From jackets to shoesThe Shark FlexStyle: We review this 5-in-1 hair stylerThese heated clothes airers are the best for saving money and energy13 winter coats best for bracing the British chillDiscover the world’s seven ancient wonders — and where to stay as you goIs your phone under attack? Don’t let it be the next cyberattack victimGive your skin some TLC with Elizabeth Arden’s skincare savioursThese date ideas are sure to sweep them off their feetDo teeth-whitening products work? Our editors put MySweetSmile to the test8 hotels in the Lake District, best for a perfect stayThe best teeth whitening products to shop onlineLife’s best tales: Autobiographies that are real page-turnersDo Kloris Sleep Patches work? Our editor tries the trendy sleep aidThe best luggage brands for style, function and qualityWe're obsessed with these wooden trays, perfect for any bubble bathCreate the perfect men's capsule wardrobe: From jackets to shoesThe Shark FlexStyle: We review this 5-in-1 hair stylerThese heated clothes airers are the best for saving money and energy13 winter coats best for bracing the British chillClick here to view more MAIL BEST DISCOVER THE BEST DEALS FROM MAILONLINE CONTAINS AFFILIATED CONTENT MORE INFO Products featured in these articles are selected by our shopping writers, who scour the internet to let you know about great deals. If you click on or make a purchase using links in these articles, MailOnline will earn a small payment or commission on any sales. To find out more, click here View More Shop the 10 best Mother's Day 2024 flowers under £50 SHOPPING: Mother's Day is just around the corner, so now is the perfect time to order a bouquet of flowers to show your appreciation for the mother, or mother figure, in your life. Save up to 40% on mattresses in Emma's huge Easter sale SHOPPING: Looking for the best mattress deals this spring? The Emma Easter Sale is here with up to 40 per cent off its award-winning mattresses, including the NextGen Premium Plus. This personalised photo book is the perfect gift for Mother's Day SHOPPING: Looking for a totally unique Mother's Day present that will be remembered for years to come? YourStory bounds your stories and memories of your loved one into a hardback book. Amazon shoppers love this vintage-looking rechargeable table SHOPPING: Amazon shoppers are snapping up a vintage-looking wireless rechargeable table lamp that has been deemed 'so elegant', and it's perfect for adding a cosy glow to your home. Lakeland's air fryer with removable divider now discounted SHOPPING: Lakeland's dual-zone air fryer, boasting a removable divider for converting two separate cooking areas into one spacious drawer, is now £30 off during the brand's unmissable sale . The best Mother's Day gifts - our top picks SHOPPING: From Mother's Day afternoon tea hampers to beauty gift sets, we've handpicked the best Mother's Day gifts to celebrate the special woman in your life. Save £150 on the Shark vacuum shoppers say is 'BETTER than Dyson' SHOPPING: The Shark Stratos Anti Hair Wrap Plus Pet Pro Cordless Vacuum, dubbed by shoppers as the 'best hoover ever', is currently on offer with £150.99 off. View More Advertisement Inside Monty Don's Longmeadow gardens Horror as father-of-two, 20, who appeared on US reality show 16 and Pregnant is killed in quadbike accident: Vehicle rolled and crushed his skull in front of his mother as he moved it so she could park 16 and Pregnant personality Sean Garinge died February 28 in an ATV accident at the age of 20 in Boone, North Carolina. He was seen on the series with ex Selena Gutierrez and their two children, Dareli and Esmi. 101 comments 196 shares Sean Garinger dead at 20: 16 and Pregnant star killed in ATV accident Cocaine-fuelled thug who blinded a former rugby star in a nightclub in unprovoked attack is jailed for 15 years Gareth Dean, 37 from Colton in Leeds, attacked former Leeds Rhinos rugby league player Matthew Syron as he walked back from the toilet in a club in Leeds city centre on December 26. 25 comments 3 shares Thug who blinded a former rugby star is jailed for 15 years Horoscope today: Daily guide to what the stars have in store for YOU - March 5, 2024 OSCAR CAINER: Following the Jupiter/ Neptune link, our own seas may need becalming! Fortunately, divine intervention is available. 8 comments share Daily guide to what the stars have in store for YOU - March 5, 2024 Emma Stone's stunning LA home sells for over $4M in less than TWO WEEKS after the Oscar frontrunner listed it - almost double the $2.3M she paid for it in 2019 but just below city's new 'mansion tax' threshold Oscar-winning actress Emma Stone 's charming Los Angeles compound sold for over $4 million in less than two weeks after she listed it. 3 comments 28 shares Emma Stone's stunning LA home sells for over $4M in less than 2 WEEKS Finally something Churchillian about Gen Z: Youngsters love CIGARS, study shows The resurgence of cigars among youngsters has been put down to celebrities such as rapper Jay-Z and singers Rihanna and even wartime prime minister Winston Churchill 10 comments 5 shares Finally something Churchillian about Gen Z: Youngsters love CIGARS AOC launches into wild rant at anti-Israel protesters and calls them 'f***ed up' after they confront her at NYC movie theater and demand she calls Gaza military campaign 'genocide' Left-wing 'squad' Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez lashed out at an anti-Israel protester who confronted her at a movie theater demanding she call what's happening in Gaza a 'genocide.' 374 comments 1 video 10 shares AOC launches into wild rant at anti-Israel protesters Big Short billionaire investor Kyle Bass reveals the three states where he's snapping up real estate to capitalize on migration trends - and one is VERY surprising Big Short billionaire investor Kyle Bass reveals the three states where he's snapping up real estate to capitalize on migration trends 89 comments 26 shares Big Short investor reveals 3 states he's snapping up real-estate in DAILY MAIL COMMENT: Budget is do-or-die moment for Tories DAILY MAIL COMMENT: The country slipped into recession last year and immigration is out of control. This Budget is nothing short of a do-or-die moment for the Conservatives. 146 comments share DAILY MAIL COMMENT: Budget is do-or-die moment for Tories Woman is arrested on suspicion of murder after girl, 10, is found dead in Rowley Regis West Midlands Police said the child was found with injuries at around 12.10pm in an address on Robin Close. She was confirmed dead at the scene. A 33-year-old woman has been arrested. 56 Widower of murdered Labour MP Jo Cox says protesting outside politicians' homes is an 'act of intimidation' after BBC presenter Chris Packham defends Just Stop Oil's 'irresponsible' tactics Brendan Cox has intervened after campaign groups such as Just Stop Oil and pro-Palestinian protesters have started waving banners and signs directly outside the homes of MPs. 40 comments 3 videos share Jo Cox widower says protesting at politicians' homes is 'intimidation' Pictured: Teenager, 19, being hunted after woman has 'ammonia' thrown in her face in 'targeted attack'- as police issue do 'not approach warning' Officers rushed to a home in Fleetwood, Lancashire, on Sunday after reports that a woman had a substance, believed to be ammonia, thrown in her face after being assaulted 10 shares Teenager, 19, wanted after woman has 'ammonia' thrown in her face The typist who became the first British woman to swim the Channel - then had to do it AGAIN two weeks later after a cruel whispering campaign... As a new film brings her story to life The story of the intrepid Mercedes Gleitze (left), the 'hoax' and that second so-called 'Vindication Swim' has been made into a film of the same name starring Kirsten Callaghan (right). 1 comment 1 video share The first British woman to swim the Channel- then had to do it AGAIN EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: British Museum meme telling women to 'walk around looking confused' to meet men at Roman army exhibition sparks sexism row EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: George Osbourne finds himself presiding over yet another controversy at the 270-year-old London institution, this time over alleged sexism. 33 comments 24 shares EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: British Museum meme sparks sexism row Man, 22, is charged with murder after woman in her 50s is found dead at property in leafy Leicestershire village Gregor Bauld, 22, of The Coppice, Burbage, has been charged with murder and possession of a bladed article. share Man, 22, is charged with murder after woman in her 50s is found dead Best friends who fell in love after going on a road trip together reveal how they quit corporate life to become full-time nomads living out of a $45,000 van - saving THOUSANDS a month in rent When Brittany Lojko decided to join long-time friend Taylor Putman for three weeks on the road, she had no idea what would follow. The couple, from New Hampshire, quickly fell in love. 34 comments 1 video 32 shares Best friends who fell in love after going on a road trip together RAF chiefs spend £7.4 million sending pilots to train abroad because of faulty jets spontaneously exploding Less than half of the Service's Hawk T2 fleet is currently available because the aircraft's engines spontaneously combust due to an unsolved technical fault. 25 comments 15 shares RAF chiefs spend £7.4 million sending pilots to train abroad EXCLUSIVEDaughter of Holocaust survivor finds swastika daubed on her garden gate in sickening anti-Semitic act on the sixth anniversary of his death Aviva Kaufmann, 52, from north-west London, was horrified when her husband made the discovery as he went to retrieve his bike yesterday. 22 comments 12 shares Daughter of Holocaust survivor finds swastika daubed on garden gate Cruel father who killed his six-month-old baby son by shaking him and battering him to death weeps in the dock as he is jailed for 15 years David Hollick, 29 from Walsall,attacked his baby son, Kairo Hollick, during the middle of the night while at his parent's home. 418 comments 47 shares Cruel father who killed his six-month-old son is jailed for 15 years Cod steals curry's crown: Fish and chips are voted Britain's favourite 'national dish' beating a chicken tikka masala, roast dinner, full English and shepherd's pie...but do YOU agree? Fish and chips have officially regained the crown of Britain's most loved 'national dish', dethroning Chicken tikka masala after its 23-year rule. 293 comments 34 shares Fish and chips voted Britain's 'national dish' beating chicken tikka Retirement at risk: Rise in homeowners who say higher mortgage rates have hit their pension savings More than a fifth of mortgaged homeowners say their repayments are stopping them from saving more for later life. 8 comments 1 share Homeonwers say mortgages are putting their retirement plans at risk Trans healthcare doctors are exposed admitting that some patients are too young or mentally ill to understand the consequences of their treatment Leaked messages revealed how medics acknowledged behind the scenes that teenagers given puberty-blocking drugs did not always realise they could never have children. 1 comment 51 shares Trans healthcare doctors exposed admitting some patients too young Warmer spell will give us spring back in our step: Temperatures to hit 13C later this week as sunshine and clear skies return after cold snap The Met Office is predicting that although Brits may wake up to some fog in the mornings, this is likely to lift later on in the day and allow for some much needed sunny spells. 6 comments 1 video 1 share Warmer spell will give us spring back in our step Leonardo DiCaprio has a 'priceless collection of Star Wars toys which he goes undercover to buy' The actor reportedly has a priceless collection of original Star Wars toys which he goes undercover to buy online. 14 comments 1 video 25 shares Leonardo DiCaprio has a 'priceless collection of Star Wars toys' The mental health of the elderly has been ignored due to systemic ageism, study finds Disregarding the elderly's needs is discriminatory and has consequences for the older person, families, communities and public services, the Centre for Mental Health said. 9 comments share The mental health of the elderly has been ignored study finds Karate champion, 80, regarded as a 'hero' by his students abused his position to take advantage of young men, court hears Andrew Sherry, 80, (pictured) is accused of indecency and sexual assaults while instructing at the Red Triangle club in Everton, Liverpool. share Karate champion, 80, 'abused position to take advantage of young men' M&S boss Stuart Machin blasts the government as he says leading a business in the UK is 'like running up a downwards escalator with a rucksack on your back' Marks & Spencer boss Stuart Machin has blasted some of the Government's business policies as 'economically illiterate' and said they were 'stymying growth'. 43 comments share M&S boss Stuart Machin blasts the government Constance Marten's boyfriend Mark Gordon who is accused of killing their newborn baby Victoria refuses to give evidence Mark Gordon, 49, and his aristocrat girlfriend Marten, 36, are are currently on trial at the Old Bailey. They are accused of killing their daughter Victoria by taking her on the run last January. 2 shares Constance Marten's boyfriend Mark Gordon refuses to give evidence Three family members are charged with the death of little boy, two, found dead at a home during the Covid pandemic Michael Ives, 46, and Kerry Ives, 45, both from Garden City, Flintshire, and Shannon Kayleigh Ives, 27, from Mold, Flintshire, were charged on Monday with the death of Ethan Ives, two. 2 shares Three family members charged with death of little boy, two, in Wales Baywatch is back! Popular 1990s lifeguard series to be rebooted by Fox - but will Pamela Anderson and David Hasselhoff return? Fox has landed a reboot of the highly-popular series as the network has closed on a deal with Freemantle according to Variety on Monday. 97 comments 2 videos 126 shares Baywatch to be rebooted by Fox - will Pamela Anderson return? The kids CAN come: Home Office is forced to U-turn after being slammed for REFUSING visas to 47 teenage Afghan musicians for UK tour raising awareness of plight of girls under the Taliban The Afghan Youth Orchestra is due to come the UK to raise awareness of the plight of girls and women under the Taliban but their visas were initially denied, according to journalist Christina Lamb. 12 comments 3 shares Home Office U-turns on decision denying visas to 47 Afghan musicians Labour minister responsible for Wales's hated 20mph speed limits announces he is standing down and deleting his Twitter account after suffering online abuse Lee Waters, who has been the Welsh Government's Minister for Climate Change since 2021, has said he is resigning after receiving 'a pile of malign comments' on X, formerly Twitter. 334 comments 40 shares Wales's 20mph speed limit minister standing down after online abuse The UK's first driverless city centre bus service is set to start in Sunderland later this year The government-backed pilot scheme is being heralded as a 'trailblazer' for new age urban transport. 21 comments share The UK's first driverless city centre bus service in Sunderland World's oldest person Maria Branyas Morera turns 117: Scientists hope Spanish pensioner can help unlock the secrets of a long life Ms Morera was born in San Francisco in 1907 and married a Catalan doctor aged 23 in 1931 (right). Today she has turned 117 (left) and told her Twitter followers 'I've come this far.' 59 comments 157 shares World's oldest person Spaniard Maria Branyas Morera turns 117 'She ruined my life': Christian monk tells how disgraced Biden prosecutor ruined his life for 'political gain' by having FBI burst into his church and drag him from the altar mid-prayer on charges of COVID-relief fraud Brian Bushell, a purported Orthodox Christian monk, is speaking out after federal fraud charges against him filed by a disgraced Biden prosecutor were dropped. comments 21 shares Christian monk tells how disgraced Biden prosecutor ruined his life Hailey Bieber's sister Alaia Baldwin is seen for FIRST time since 'used tampon assault' arrest at Georgia bar Hailey Bieber's sister Alaia Baldwin Aronow looked somber as she was seen for the first time since her arrest for assault - as she stepped out with her husband and daughter last week. 79 comments 2 videos 67 shares Alaia Baldwin seen for FIRST time since assault arrest Bitcoin and gold race towards record highs as investors bet on interest rate cuts Bitcoin reached $66,864 yesterday - its highest level for more than two years - sparking predictions that an all-time high is 'around the corner'. 19 comments share Bitcoin and gold race towards record highs Woman, 22, who suffers extremely rare water allergy reported less than 100 times in the WORLD, 'claws' at skin after showering to ease 'worst pain of my life' Loren Montefusco, from South Carolina (pictured), suffers a burning itch deep under her skin whenever she comes into contact with water - forcing her to avoid showering for as long as possible. 44 comments 10 shares Woman, 22, suffers extremely rare water allergy and avoids showering Electric cars release MORE toxic emissions than petrol-powered vehicles and are worse for the environment Electric vehicles may release more pollution than petrol-powered vehicles, according to a report that has recently resurfaced. 103 60 comments My best friend is ruining her baby girl's life with the name she chose - so I told her that and now she's furious with me The 21-year-old believes her friend is 'ruining her child's life with the name she gave her baby' and is extremely concerned. 46 comments 2 shares My best friend gave her daughter the worst name ever Creepy green box is discovered hidden in the Blue Mountains - so what could be inside? A mysterious locked green box has been found in the Blue Mountains - and many Aussies have some strange theories about what could be inside. 11 comments share Creepy green box is discovered hidden in Australia's Blue Mountains Lindsay Lohan commands attention in a metallic gold look before changing into chic pantsuit while out in NY... after confirming Freaky Friday sequel Lindsay Lohan showed off her impeccable style in two elegant looks as she stepped out in New York on Monday, ahead of a special screening of her new film Irish Wish. 14 comments 4 videos 40 shares Lindsay Lohan commands attention in two stylish looks while out in NY 'I don't want to be afraid not to be desirable': Léa Seydoux claims it is 'hard for women to age' in Hollywood without losing work... and admits she is 'not comfortable' as an actress The French actress, 38, has enjoyed a prolific career both domestically and internationally following her emergence in the Franco-Belgian 2006 comedy Girlfriends. 22 comments 1 video 17 shares Léa Seydoux claims it is 'hard for women to age' in Hollywood Joely Richardson, 59, discusses lack of acting roles for middle-aged women as she's forced to 'work hard for her career': 'There was no place for me' Ahead of her latest role as Lady Sabrina in The Gentlemen, a spin-off of Guy Ritchie's 2019 film, she explained how the part came her way. 14 comments 1 video 37 shares Joely Richardson discusses lack of acting roles for middle-aged women Jonathan Majors reveals he's 'in love' with Meagan Good after stepping out for their red carpet debut... as he awaits sentencing for assault conviction Jonathan Majors got candid about his romance with girlfriend Meagan Good during their red carpet debut in Los Angeles on Sunday. The actor said the couple were 'in love.' 12 comments 1 video 23 shares Jonathan Majors says he and Meagan Good are 'in love' Shock photos emerge of boxer Ryan Garcia's new Australian girlfriend looking unrecognisable before extreme cosmetic surgery makeover TikTok star Mikaela Testa was thrust into the global spotlight after going public with American star boxer Ryan Garcia last week. 12 comments 5 videos 57 shares Shock photos emerge of boxer Ryan Garcia's new Australian girlfriend How to spot a cheater: Woman reveals two signs to look out for that many forget about - and the trick has never failed her Fiona Shea, from Los Angeles, recently revealed how to spot a guy with 'cheater energy'. 13 comments 1 video share How to spot a cheater: Woman reveals two signs to look out for Doritos is slammed for hiring transgender ambassador who previously tweeted about doing 'thuggish things' to a 12-year-old - as critics call for the chipmaker to get 'the Bud Light treatment' Doritos is being slammed as the new Bud Light after the company hired a transgender influencer who appeared to suggest the abuse of minors to promote the chip in Spain. 2 comments 1 video 15 shares Doritos slammed for hiring trans ambassador with controversial tweets Stephen Bear claims he is on Jobseeker's Allowance and could only pay Georgia Harrison £10-a-week as he faced his ex at court hearing over £22,000 profit he made from sex tape Bear, a self-proclaimed billionaire, said when asking about a 'payment plan' at the hearing at Chelmsford Crown Court that 'all I can afford is £10 a week or something', the Sun reports. 36 comments 1 video share Stephen Bear claims he is on Jobseeker's Allowance Is this why we haven't found aliens? Extraterrestrials could be stuck on planets due to 'physical limitations,' study claims Large exo-planets may be 'impossible to leave,' due to their heavy gravitational pull, trapping even advanced civilizations home, one researcher and author tells DailyMail.com 12 comments 1 video 24 shares Aliens could be stuck on planets due to 'physical limitations': study DISCOUNTS - The best offers from Daily Mail DiscountsElevate your fashion with exclusive offers at ASOSUnlock mega savings on your next trip at Booking.comDeliveroo vouchers hand-tested by our teamOur team of experts have curated the latest offers at NikeExclusive deals at Currys chosen by our expertsThe best Samsung deals handpicked by our teamUpgrade your style with deals at boohoo.comThe best discount codes for Virgin MediaTransform your home with our verified deals at DunelmDiscover savings on fashion, electronics and more at VerySave on your beauty favourites with our Boots vouchersOur editors have tested these Seasalt vouchersGet a better night's sleep for less using our Simba codesCheck out our editorial team's favourite Cult Beauty offersBook your next holiday for less with these TUI codesElevate your fashion with exclusive offers at ASOSUnlock mega savings on your next trip at Booking.comDeliveroo vouchers hand-tested by our teamOur team of experts have curated the latest offers at NikeExclusive deals at Currys chosen by our expertsThe best Samsung deals handpicked by our teamUpgrade your style with deals at boohoo.comThe best discount codes for Virgin MediaTransform your home with our verified deals at DunelmDiscover savings on fashion, electronics and more at VerySave on your beauty favourites with our Boots vouchersOur editors have tested these Seasalt vouchersGet a better night's sleep for less using our Simba codesCheck out our editorial team's favourite Cult Beauty offersBook your next holiday for less with these TUI codesElevate your fashion with exclusive offers at ASOSUnlock mega savings on your next trip at Booking.comDeliveroo vouchers hand-tested by our teamOur team of experts have curated the latest offers at NikeExclusive deals at Currys chosen by our expertsThe best Samsung deals handpicked by our teamUpgrade your style with deals at boohoo.comThe best discount codes for Virgin MediaTransform your home with our verified deals at DunelmDiscover savings on fashion, electronics and more at VerySave on your beauty favourites with our Boots vouchersOur editors have tested these Seasalt vouchersGet a better night's sleep for less using our Simba codesCheck out our editorial team's favourite Cult Beauty offersBook your next holiday for less with these TUI codesClick here to view more Advertisement Follow DailyMail Subscribe Daily Mail Follow @dailymail Follow DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow Daily Mail MORE DON'T MISS Kacey Musgraves is embarrassed as she suffered wardrobe malfunction on SNL alongside Sydney Sweeney Lala Kent admits she's nervous to have another girl - as pregnant Vanderpump Rules star reveals daughter Ocean's diva antics: 'God help me!' Kelly Holmes holds back tears as she reveals she almost fell victim to a scammer who claimed she was her half sister: 'It's so wrong!' Bobby Brazier treats girlfriend Ellie Leach to a boozy night out as they lark around after toasting her theatre debut Inside Kate Middleton's relationship with her uncle Gary Goldsmith as he prepares to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house Stella McCartney poses for sweet group snaps with dad Paul, sister Mary and brother James as family comes together to support her Paris Fashion show John Amos, 84, denies allegations of neglect after cops launched a probe into 'abuse' after daughter claimed her brother failed to provide care Randall Emmett's ex-wife Ambyr Childers congratulates Lala Kent on pregnancy - after Vanderpump Rules star turned to sperm donor EXCLUSIVEMarilyn Monroe superfan is splurging $30,000 on digital campaign in hope that she FINALLY receives a lifetime achievement award Katie Price snaps back at critics after being branded 'peculiar and comical looking' after showing off her chest in a sheer bodysuit iHeartRadio Music Awards 2024: Cher, 77, will receive an Icon Award as Justin Timberlake, Lainey Wilson and Jelly Roll are set to perform Stephen Bear grins outside court after revenge porn confiscation hearing - as ex Georgia Harrison is supported by Anton Danyluk Princess Eugenie, Jack Brooksbank and Mike and Zara Tindall fly back to the UK from Bahrain Grand Prix with Jeremy Clarkson and Madonna's son Rocco Kate Moss's daughter Lila, 21, puts on a leggy display in bizarre blue knitted look as she walks the runway for Stella McCartney during Paris Fashion Week Michael McIntyre sparks concern among ticket-holding fans after cancelling latest show for surgery: 'Get well soon... will you be in Nottingham?' Victoria Beckham marks eldest son Brooklyn's 25th birthday with throwback snap while lauding her parenting skills with 'team mate' David Paris Jackson and Paul McCartney sit together four decades after his huge feud with her King Of Pop father Michael alongside Ringo Starr Moment F1 boss Christian Horner places hand on Geri Halliwell's waist after couple put on a united front at Bahrain Grand Prix Love Island couple SPLIT after four year 'fairytale' romance turns sour - mere months after sparking engagement rumours Coronation Street's Claire Sweeney has major gaffe as she accidentally 'confirms' her co-star is set to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house Will Smith looks every inch the action star as he films tense chase scene alongside his body double for Bad Boys 4 on a bridge in Miami Marcel Somerville 'unfollows' wife Rebecca Vieira after she admitted to 'cheating' on Love Island star with US rapper Slim Jxmmi Junior Andre, 18, declares he's a 'silver fox' as he shows off his skincare routine after revealing he hopes to looks like dad Peter when he is aged 51 Brooklyn Beckham can't resist giving wife Nicola Peltz a cheeky grab on her bottom as she wows in racy trousers and a cropped fur jacket in Paris Geri Halliwell and Christian Horner's PDA at Bahrain Grand Prix echoes some notorious shows of solidarity by famous couples hit by scandal Simon Cowell poses on an E-bike with his £230,000 fleet of electric vehicles and reveals all of the fun names he's given them Katie Price's boyfriend JJ Slater, 31, reveals he's been compared to her SON Junior, 18, as the couple enjoy a whirlwind weekend away Olivia Attwood puts on a leggy display in a mini skirt and thigh high boots as she transforms into Sailor Moon to film third series of Getting Filthy Rich Elle Macpherson, 59, makes stunning return to catwalk for the first time in 14 years at Melbourne Fashion Festival Princess of Wales' uncle Gary Goldsmith's appearance on Celebrity Big Brother is 'the last thing Kate needs' and gives his family unwanted publicity EastEnders' Natalie Cassidy is tickled as she spots fellow passenger on a flight watching the soap... while totally oblivious to the soap star Geri Halliwell 'set to skip next Formula One race in Saudi Arabia' after she 'demanded husband Christian Horner cut ties' with female colleague Moment Prince William is asked 'how's Catherine' during St David's Day visit to Wrexham as the Princess continues to recover from surgery Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck emerge after riling up Jennifer Garner's fans with confession about love letters he kept during marriage to actress Ellen Degeneres' A-list Oscars selfie turns 10 - but is branded 'the most overrated pop culture moment of all time' Kate Middleton's uncle Gary Goldsmith buys suits at Soho tailor as he prepares to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house Ray Winstone gives an insight into his eldest daughter Jaime's 'very expensive' Italian wedding as he admits it was 'different to the norm' New video shows embattled Christian Horner and wife Geri Halliwell deep in conversation with Flavio Briatore in Bahrain RAYE leads the nominations for The Global Awards as she's shortlisted in SIX categories after her record-breaking BRITs success Laverne Cox turns heads in a sculpted corset and sheer tights with a thong at Mugler show for Paris Fashion Week EXCLUSIVESealed with a kiss! Joe Jonas and his new girlfriend Stormi Bree locks lips as they enjoy lawn bowls in Bondi after his split with Sophie Turner Salma Hayek, 57, exposes her cleavage in a plunging silver bustier as she poses backstage at Alexander McQueen's Paris Fashion Week show Sir Paul McCartney's lookalike son James, 46, makes a rare public appearance to support his sister Stella at her Paris Fashion Week show Paris Jackson turns heads in an animal print dress as she joins stylish Ashley Graham at Stella McCartney's star-studded Paris Fashion Week show Moment Who Wants to be a Millionaire contestant calls his wife for help but is confronted with another male voice Jeremy Clarkson reveals he had a 's*** load of beers' after viral appearance on Martin Brundle's grid walk ahead of Bahrain Grand Prix Abbey Clancy shows off her second sizzling BRIT Awards outfit as she slips into a sparkling chainmail mini dress What's happened to Kim? Kardashian has her fingers in plaster as she leaves Le Voltaire restaurant in Paris Is Harry and Meghan's US schmooze offensive stalling? Americans are 'put off' by the Sussexes' 'endless moans' Barry Keoghan channels his inner Swiftie while cheering on girlfriend Sabrina Carpenter at Taylor's Eras tour as he sweetly swaps bracelets Phoebe Dynevor debuts newly dyed bold red hair as she steps out during Paris Fashion Week Michael McIntyre is forced to cancel show after being rushed to hospital for emergency surgery Former tennis rivals Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova go from Grand Slam to glam as they lead the stars at Valentino afterparty during PFW Rihanna shirks her Indian wedding controversy as she poses in a slew of sizzling underwear looks to plug her lingerie line Olly Murs dresses up as a sausage roll as he surprises pregnant wife Amelia with a Greggs-themed baby shower complete with 'Preggs' food truck Kerry Katona hits out at being 'judged' for topless OnlyFans shoots while Hollywood stars are lauded for sex scenes as she talks double standards EXCLUSIVEDebbie McGee is forced to move out of £3million Berkshire mansion as it floods again after banks of the Thames burst around luxury home Geri Halliwell 'demands husband Christian Horner cuts ties' with female colleague he was accused of sending racy messages to Pregnant Darby Ward reveals the gender of her baby in a sweet video while skiing with husband Michael Jackson and daughter Skye Celebrity Big Brother stars SPOTTED! Housemates make low-key arrivals at hotels ahead of the anticipated launch show Madonna, 65, looks unrecognizable as she shows off her VERY smooth visage in new snap from her Celebration Tour stop in Sin City Julia Fox turns heads with another wild look as steps out in skimpy white cowboy outfit and sports silver face paint during Paris Fashion Week Ivanka Trump dazzles in sparkly white crop top and skirt as she attends Anant Ambani's 'romance festival' during three-day pre-wedding extravaganza BBC icon reveals she'll 'NEVER work with fellow TV star again' despite their 20-year career and friendship Katherine Ryan reveals she's unsure if her marriage to 'fitty' Bobby Kootstra will last after claiming their relationship has 'taken a back seat' Noah Cyrus attends the Ottolinger Paris Fashion Week show after her mother Tish was accused of 'stealing' Dominic Purcell SZA will headline BST Hyde Park this summer following her recent Grammys and BRIT Award wins Call The Midwife review: Trixie in a tizz, a shock death and a baby born on a bus... what a finale! writes CHRISTOPHER STEVENS Cole Sprouse's VERY oversized blazer sparks funny reaction online following his appearance at Balenciaga runway show in Paris Antiques Roadshow guest left STUNNED and jokes 'don't tell my wife' after learning the HUGE value of ancient print Good Morning Britain reveals replacement for departing host Ben Shephard - and it's a VERY familiar face Inside Dominic Purcell's wild love life and X-rated kinks amid claims Tish Cyrus' 'stole' him from daughter Noah Brooklyn Beckham cuddles up to abs-flashing wife Nicola Peltz as they join a VERY racy Julia Fox at star-studded Mugler show during PFW Dancing On Ice semi-final RESULTS: Amber Davies is eliminated despite scoring FULL MARKS after landing in the skate-off Elle MacPherson, 59, cuts a youthful figure as she returns to runway at Melbourne Fashion Festival after 14 year absence Kyle Richards gets cowgirl hat tattoo after addressing rumors of 'coming out' cover with country singer Morgan Wade Sophie Turner wraps up warm in a stylish black coat as she steps out with handsome boyfriend Peregrine Pearson in Paris Ricki Lake parades 30lb weight loss on red carpet after drastically transforming figure in four months... and she insists it's NOT from Ozempic EXCLUSIVEJamie Laing hits back at critics who feel Radio 1 is turning into a 'Posh Boys Club' saying he's 'earned' his new job Kate Middleton's uncle Gary Goldsmith 'is read the riot act' by Princess of Wales's mother over fears he could spill royal secrets on CBB Critics are calling this epic series the new Game Of Thrones after it earned a rare 100% Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes Barry Keoghan cheers on girlfriend Sabrina Carpenter as she opens for Taylor Swift at Singapore National Stadium Cate Blanchett steps out at ASC Awards without her wedding ring as mystery continues to surround her marriage to Andrew Upton Idina Menzel celebrates the 10th anniversary of John Travolta flubbing her name at the 2014 Oscars Raye continues to triumph as her songs reach five billions streams after she made history at the BRIT Awards Kerry Katona, 43, enjoys raucous double date with Ryan Mahoney, 35, and pals after admitting she has given her fiance a free pass to have a baby 'That is NOT the same person!' Middle-aged man earns unlikely viral fame after undergoing an astonishing plastic surgery makeover that left him looking HALF his age A middle-aged man's astonishing plastic surgery makeover that made him look half his age has gone viral on social media. The age-defying transformation was shared to Instagram by aesthetics consultant Melinda Farina, better known as 'The Beauty Broker' on social media. In the before and after photos, the man looks virtually unrecognizable following extensive surgery. 321 comments 246 shares Plastic surgery makeover leaves middle-aged man looking HALF his age Do YOU social anxiety? Scientists find the condition lives in your gut Mice who received fecal microbiome transplants from people with social anxiety disorder developed symptoms of the disorder themselves and had brain changes, but remained healthy otherwise. 4 comments share Anxiety lives in YOUR gut - and scientists may have a way to treat it The Garfield Movie trailer shows Chris Pratt's title character going from an abandoned kitten to a loveable fat cat before he joins his father on a heist Sony Pictures has released the new trailer for The Garfield Movie, which finds Chris Pratt voicing the beloved title character. 1 comment 1 video 14 shares The Garfield Movie trailer shows Chris Pratt's title character Lionel Messi's bodyguard Yassine Chueko shows off insane muscled physique on Instagram... as the ex-Navy SEAL prepares to protect the Inter Miami star again this MLS season after going viral for his skills last year Yassine has received a lot of attention since being appointed as Messi's bodyguard upon the eight-time Ballon d'Or winner's arrival in the US last year. He now has over 300,000 followers on Instagram, but Messi isn't among them. He regularly posts videos of himself sparring and even once met former MMA artist Khabib Nurmagomedov, according to his social media. 10 comments 21 shares Lionel Messi's bodyguard Yassine Chueko shows off insane physique TOP SPORT STORIES Sheffield United 0-6 Arsenal: Mikel Arteta's title juggernaut picks up speed and hits Blades with full force to send message to Liverpool and City REVEALED: The astonishing break clause in Max Verstappen's contract which allows him to walk out on Red Bull Dutchman could leave EXCLUSIVEMan United players expect Erik ten Hag to be sacked this summer United stars expect Sir Jim Ratcliffe to appoint a new manager Ryan Garcia breaks his silence after disturbing video claiming he was dead and had his 'throat slit' appeared on social media Pep Guardiola is so blown away by Man City's derby hero Phil Foden he pays him the ultimate compliment by comparing him to Lionel Messi Fresh woe for Red Bull team principal Christian Horner as NEW allegations are published in 19-page investigation which names his accuser FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem 'is under investigation for trying to interfere in a race result' at last year's Saudi Arabia GP Jamie Carragher launches scathing attack on Sheffield United after they conceded five goals in 40 minutes against Arsenal Erik ten Hag is DELUDED, Chris Sutton says on It's All Kicking Off... as he claims Man City vs Man United is only a derby in name Sutton slams Ten Hag LIVERPOOL CONFIDENTIAL: Ruben Amorim scores highly as Reds rate Jurgen Klopp successors but Xabi Alonso remains the frontrunner Phil Foden is England's brightest star but where should the Stockport Iniesta be deployed at Euro 2024? OLIVER HOLT gives his verdict Back to top Home News Royals U.S. Sport TV&Showbiz Femail Health Science Money Travel Shopping Discounts Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Newzit Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group dmg media Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Terms Subscription Terms & Conditions Do not sell or share my personal information About MailOnline Cookie Settings Privacy policy & cookies Advertisement Advertisement