Ko-fi - Get Donations, Memberships and Shop Sales. No Fees! Explore About Blog Log In Sign up free Log in Sign up free Log in Explore About Blog All you need to make money doing what you love Join 1M+ creators getting donations, memberships and sales from fans! ko-fi.com/ Claim $8 million earned last month! Memberships Commissions Shop Donations Keep more of your money! 0-5% platform fees! We're independent and run by creators, with no investors to please. We put you first. Sign up free "A wonderful creator-friendly platform" "Everything I need to make income doing what I love" "Get paid for your passion and more!" 1,000,000 creators love Ko-fi Artists Cosplayers Writers Podcasters Developers Streamers Video Creators Musicians Communities gatekid3 I do art n' stuff. Specifically Pixel art and animation! If you like what I do, consider donating. I'd really appreciate it. × 1,873 received Super Cute Awesome Stuff ✨ Welcome to my Super Cute Ko-fi page! ✨ 🎨 Artist 🎨 × 678 received Amanda Kuo PHey there! I'm a professional photographer specializing in weddings, portraits, and landscapes. × 432 received SkylineStars Everyone loves the strong moon wife and I'd love the chance to cosplay her! × 25 received Bastian Kerk Cosplay Exklusiver Zugriff auf Cosplaybilder (nur für Unterstützer verfügbar) × 1,296 received Black Bettie Cosplay Hi! I'm Jamila aka Black Bettie Cosplay, a plus-size, POC, nonbinary/genderfluid costumer/cosplayer and photographer based in the PNW. × 1317 received Nicholas Taylor Hey! I'm a freelance writer, editor and proofreader! I blog for writers, authors and editors and I hope you've found it useful × 53 received Latoya Shauntay Snell Noted by The Root 100 as one of the most influential African Americans ages 25 to 45, Latoya Shauntay Snell is a sponsored endurance athlete, × 3,165 received Shannon Ashley Hi! I'm Shannon. I've been a top writer on Medium since 2018 × 7,181 received Board Game Blitz Board Game Blitz is a bi-weekly podcast about modern board games and card games hosted by Ambie and Crystal × 122 received SQUAWKING DEAD ＷＥ Ａｒｅ ＳＱＵＡＷＫＩＮＧ ＤＥＡＤ ...a podcast, pulverizing episodes of The Walking Dead 𝕌ℕ𝕀𝕍𝔼ℝ𝕊𝔼 × 722 received Long Cat Media Hello! Laurence and Lindsay, here. We are Long Cat Media, a UK podcast production company specialising in audio fiction. × 3495 received SeryCodes I’m a freelance web dev and content creator passionate about making learning how to code accessible for everyone. × 4,449 received d0pefish Hi! I'm Dale, a PhD student and programmer from Newcastle-upon-Tyne, UK. × 759 received jamie ♡ they/them ♡ creator of Aphrodite bot on Discord × 2001 received Eric Campbell Game Master! It's what I do. I began running live streamed games at Geek & Sundry back in 2016 and was a × 2,107 received Peter Webby I'm Peter Webby and I create gaming content 😊. I've found my home on TikTok, where I stream × 225 received Fitness To Cosplay My name is Ash. I'm a black catgirl vtuber! I'm part of the queer community as an Asexual Lesbian. × 96 received Andrea Lausell Andrea is a Queer Disabled Boricua/Cubana (she/her/ella) Actor • Activist • Educator × 1,185 received 2 Sister Bees 🌼 2SB is the love and effort of sisters, Jenn & April. We host 2 YouTube channels where we share information, games and tutorials related × 10k received Frank James I make funny YouTube videos about introverts, the 16 personalities, and much more. × 3,592 received Victoria Banks Named "one of the best songwriters in the business" by Nashville's Music Row Magazine. ASCAP and SOCAN award-winning songwriter × 933 received Kutski Hi, I'm Kutski! I'm a hardstyle / hardcore DJ producer currently making a living from various × 2,570 received Promo ZO ZO by name and Promo by nature, Promo ZO instinctively champions the freshest underground × 339 received Sonshine Magazine Hi! I'm Kirstie, I run Sonshine – a magazine about raising boys for a more equal world, with positive × 5,056 received Daylight Music Since 2009 Daylight Music has been an excuse to spend a lazy Saturday afternoon with music, tea & cake at Union Chapel, × 254 received The Streampunks! We started as a small game group on Geek & Sundry back in 2017. We grew into good a collection of friends × 1,086 received Joel & Lia × 10,145 received Video Creators Ko-fi is the only platform we know of that takes 0% on tips. Because of Ko-fi, we could buy better equipment to improve the quality of our videos! Jay Swanson × 2,768 received Writers I chose Ko-fi because 0% fees meant all of the money I raised to support coffee shops during lockdown went straight to them! On Second Watch × 100 received Podcasters I finally have a one-stop-shop for tips, memberships, selling swag, offering requests, and sharing my passion with the world! Burningfishartroom × 272 received Artists Thanks to my Ko‑fi supporters I can now build a closer relationship with people who enjoy what I do and spend more time doing what I love Adelaida × 118 received Artists Ko-fi donations allowed me to create the artbook collection I always wanted. It keeps on growing and inspiring me. Take donations, monthly memberships and shop sales - all in one place Start accepting donations in 60 seconds. Grow your income by opening your Ko-fi Shop, offering memberships or selling commissions and services. All from your single, beautiful Ko-fi page. ko-fi.com/ Claim Receive donations 0% Platform Fees Ko-fi is the original, fun and friendly way to receive donations and messages of support from fans of what you do! Use it as a tip jar, let fans crowdfund a goal and even get donation alerts while you stream. Get started free Sell your products Sell with just a link Open your Ko-fi Shop and add digital or physical items in seconds. No listing fees, no site to set up. Just share a link and start making sales! Vivian Chien is selling wallpapers on Ko-fi. Visit Offer memberships Build a monthly income stream Let fans become exclusive members, supporting you monthly at different pricing tiers. Reward members with fun benefits like Discord roles, discounts, exclusive content or physical items. Jeremie offers members digital downloads, Discord access and a monthly envelope of goodies! Visit Take commissions or requests Start for free! Build a menu of creative commissions or offer personalized services like a custom tutorial or a video chat! Control available slots, offer add-ons and get paid directly into your PayPal or Stripe account. Wobbleblobbe is offering custom crochet vests. Visit Set a crowdfunding goal Receive payments instantly Set a crowdfunding goal to raise money towards a creative project, new equipment or living expenses. Ko-fi takes 0% platform fees from donations. Get paid instantly into your own PayPal or Stripe account. Steff Von Schweetz is crowdfunding for a cosplay photobook. Visit All the features you need Ko-fi has everything you need to make an income from your work. Let’s get started Get Paid Directly 0% platform fees. Donations go directly to your PayPal or Stripe account. Messages of Support Receive messages of encouragement from your supporters. Stream Alerts Get donation messages while you stream on Twitch, YouTube & Facebook. Goals Set a crowdfunding goal and encourage fans to contribute to achieve it! Posts Share your creative journey with blog posts, videos and audio clips. Rewards Let supporters unlock exclusive posts, Discord roles, Member-only products and more. Commissions & Services Let fans buy unique work or pay for direct access to you. Membership Tiers Let fans support you monthly with Ko-fi Memberships. Supporter-Only Content Make exclusive content available to supporters or members. Integrations Connect to Discord, Zapier, WordPress and more Gallery Create a portfolio of your best work and share your creative process. Shop Sell digital and physical products with just a link. What is Ko-fi? Ko-fi is the easiest way for you to start making an income directly from your fans. You can accept donations, create membership tiers, open an online shop, and take commissions all with 0-5% platform fees. Who should use Ko-fi? Artists, Streamers, Podcasters, Writers, Crafters, Photographers, Filmmakers, Cosplayers and all kinds of creators use Ko-fi. How do I get paid? Instantly and directly into your PayPal or Stripe account. We take 0% fees from donations and we don't hold onto your money. It goes directly from your supporter to you. Simple! How much does it cost? Unlike pretty much everyone else, we don't take a cut from your donations! Premium features like Memberships, Ko-fi Shop and Commissions can either be paid for via a small subscription to Ko-fi Gold or a low 5% transaction fee. You decide. Do I have to buy coffee? Not at all! We do love coffee, but it's just a friendly metaphor. So many creators have told us it's just much nicer to ask fans to "buy a coffee" than just "donate" to support your work. You can also change "coffee" to something else, or switch to a traditional donation mode. How much can I earn? Start making an income on Ko-fi regardless of how big your audience is. Thousands of creators make their first money on Ko-fi and some have earned more than $100k in donations alone! I’m not sure if I should use Ko-fi or Patreon? What’s the difference? Creators tell us Ko-fi is a simpler, lower pressure alternative to Patreon and you can also do so much more with Ko-fi. Take donations, crowdfund, sell products and offer commission requests all from one place. You keep more of your money on Ko-fi too. We take 0% cut of donations and there are no platform fees at all for Ko-fi Gold creators! Who owns Ko-fi? We're built and owned by creators since 2012. We're not funded by venture capitalists pushing for the next $1b or bust companies. We've passionately grown Ko-fi to 500k creators by focusing on what creators need not what outside funders want. What currencies do you offer? You can take donations or payments in most currencies, but you can save on any currency conversion fees and receive support directly by choosing a base currency of USD, CAD, EUR, GBP, AUD, IRD, YEN or THB. How can I get in touch with you? DM us on Twitter or Instagram, or ask us a question in the help centre. Features Donations Memberships Ko-fi Shop Ko-fi Commissions Discord Integration Stream Alerts Gold Patreon Alternative Use Ko-fi With Twitter Instagram Twitch YouTube Medium Facebook GitHub Discord Help & Support Brand Assets Ko-fi Blog Help WordPress Plugin Creator Academy About Ko-fi About Ko-fi We're Hiring! Cookie Settings Terms Privacy Copyright Policy Ko-fi Labs ©2024 Ko-fi is free! Create a page and start making an income. Sign up now!