Virgin Money Giving | Virgin Money UK Skip to main content Virgin Money homepage Sign in Menu Our products Current accounts Current accounts Current accounts home Continue your application for a current account Our accounts M Plus Account Club M Account M Account Joint bank accounts Exclusive rates and offers Existing customers Helpful information and guides Sign up for cashback with your current account Save money with Youtility Register for digital banking with your current account Current Account Questions and answers Set up your M Plus Saver If your M Plus Account isn't linked to a savings account, it's easy to set one up. Upload your documents for your current account application Need to give us proof of ID, address or income? It only takes a few minutes. Worried about money? We're here to help through these tough times Savings Savings Savings home Find a savings account Continue an application for a savings account Upload your documents for a savings account ISAs Access accounts Fixed term accounts Existing savings customers Transfer your ISA Savings Questions and answers Exclusive savings accounts Unlock red-hot rates with an M, M Plus or Club M current account Cash ISA Exclusives Open to eligible current account holders Worried about money? We're here to help through these tough times Loans Loans Loans home Continue an application for a personal loan Upload proof of ID or income for a personal loan Existing personal loan customers Home improvement loans Car loans Debt consolidation loans Loans Questions and answers Manage your personal loan Sizing up your credit score Everything you need to know about your credit score Continue an application for a personal loan If you've started a Virgin Money personal loan application, then continue it here Worried about money? We're here to help through these tough times Investments Investments Investments home Existing Investments customers Stocks and Shares ISA Transfer to our Stocks and Shares ISA Investment Account Transfer to our Investment Account Responsible investing Helpful guides to Investments New to investing? Investments Questions and answers Reap the rewards Invest at least £2,000 in a Stocks & Shares ISA and get up to 50,000 Virgin Points. Terms apply. New to investing? Find out how we could help you build a brighter future. Stocks and Shares ISA A tax-efficient way to invest up to £20,000 a year. Insurance Insurance Insurance home Life insurance Travel insurance Home insurance Business insurance Life Insurance To protect what matters most in life Travel Insurance Holidays are back and so are we. If travel's on the horizon, or you're setting off soon, don't leave without getting a quote from us first. Cards Cards Cards home Check your eligibility for a Virgin Money credit card Virgin Money Wallet Existing credit card customers Credit cards Questions and answers Credit cards Currency conversion calculator Balance transfer credit cards Money transfer credit cards All round credit cards Virgin Atlantic credit cards Manchester United credit cards Virgin Money Slyce Our Credit Card App Manage your card. Master your spending. Virgin Money credit card Cashback It’s the new way to pick up cashback. 24/7 in-app support Get help with your credit card from Redi, our digital host. Mortgages Mortgages Mortgages home Find a mortgage Check your eligibility for a Virgin Money mortgage Mortgage Questions and answers New Mortgage customers First time buyers Remortgage to us Buy-to-let Moving home Existing Mortgage customers Manage your mortgage Switch to a new deal Borrow more Move home with your mortgage Help and support Worried about your mortgage payments? Find out about support available to you. Green Reward Bag £250 cashback and help the planet with our Green Reward home improvement offer Portfolio buy-to-let mortgages We're now accepting mortgage applications from portfolio landlords Pensions Pensions Pensions home Existing pension customers Navigator pension Self-Drive pension Combine your pensions Retirement planner Helpful guides Questions and answers Navigator Pension Steers your pension automatically based on your age. Self-Drive pension You steer your own pension to retirement. Private banking Private banking Existing customers Benefits and services Private banking Questions and answers Our app makes money easy Packed full of clever tools to help you track, budget, save and pay. For business Home Current accounts Current accounts Business current accounts home Continue an application for a business current account Existing business current account customers Business current account Questions and answers Compare current accounts M Account for Business Business Current Account Business Choice Account Professional Firms Client Account Charities, Clubs & Societies Accounts Charities Choice Account Clubs & Societies Account Making payments Marketplace Our app is just the business It’s packed full of clever tools to help you budget, save time and manage your money on the go. Discover Business Internet Banking See money in a whole new light with smart digital tools at your finger tips. Worried about money? We’re here to help through tough times Savings Savings Business savings accounts home Business savings Questions and answers Existing business savings account customers Compare savings accounts Instant access accounts Notice accounts Fixed term deposit accounts Charity accounts Our app is just the business It’s packed full of clever tools to help you budget, save time and manage your money on the go. Discover Business Internet Banking See money in a whole new light with smart digital tools at your finger tips. Worried about money? We’re here to help through tough times Card payments Card payments Accepting card payments Business debit cards Finance Finance Business finance home Business lending appeals Existing customers Business finance Questions and answers Business loans Government loan schemes Asset finance Business overdrafts Specialist business Specialist business Strategic Finance Venture Debt Acquisition Finance Corporate Banking Commercial Banking National Sectors Hotels Real estate Social housing Health and social care Agriculture Energy and environment Agri E Fund Helping farmers create a greener future International services International services International services home International trade Foreign exchange solutions Foreign exchange risk management Existing Business customers M-Exchange The simple way to exchange foreign currencies Risk management Risk management Risk management home Business Foreign exchange Business Commodity price Business risk Interest rate Brighter Money Brighter Money Brighter Money home Brighter living Brighter future Brighter business Money on your mind Eight common money myths – busted Money on your mind Virgin Money customers are tackling the cost of living crisis – here's how you can too Money on your mind Worried about money? We're here to help through these tough times Help Search Sign in Sign in Sign in Coming to us from Clydesdale or Yorkshire Bank? Current accounts sign in Credit cards sign in Prepaid cards sign in Savings sign in Personal loans sign in Business Banking sign in Investments sign in Mortgages sign in Personal pensions sign in Insurance sign in Virgin Money Giving After 12 years of supporting charities and fundraisers, Virgin Money Giving closed in November 2021. Over £1 billion raised for charitiesAfter 12 years of supporting charities and fundraisers, Virgin Money Giving closed in November 2021. In that time, over 20,000 charities and more than a million fundraisers have raised over £1 billion. We’d like to say a big thank you to everyone who played a part in our story.We're very proud of what has been achieved and we know it couldn't have been done without the incredible charities, partners and fantastic fundraisers who continue to make a real difference. Frequently asked questions What do I need to do now? Our website is now closed to donations and fundraising. You will now need to register on another online fundraising platform for future fundraising. There are many other online platforms available so to help you get started we have an article summarising some of the options. Platform fees, site functionality and costs vary so please give yourself time to find one that suits you. What will happen to Gift Aid? We collected Gift Aid on all eligible donations made and the last payment was paid to charities on 10 February 2022. This included any monies we received from HMRC by 31 January 2022. You will need to contact HMRC for any outstanding Gift Aid queries. As a charity we had a number of regular donors. What will happen to those? You can contact all your regular donors who have used Virgin Money Giving to encourage them to continue to make their donation by an alternative method. What will happen to the Virgin Money Giving data? As the data controller, we’ll retain information for no longer than is necessary and this will mean that we'll continue to hold some information for a period of time after our relationship has ended. This is to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations to keep records of our relationship, to resolve disputes or where it may be needed for future legal proceedings. After this time the information will be deleted in line with our data retention guidelines. Please see our privacy policy for further information. Has the money I raised gone to charity? Yes, there is nothing for you to do as all donations have been sent to your chosen charity/charities. Can I still view my charity’s data? Your data and account information is no longer available for you to view on the Virgin Money Giving website. Related content Virgin Money Giving Privacy Policy Get in touch Contact us Help and support Store finder Feedback Make a complaint Virgin Money Instagram Virgin Money Instagram Virgin Money X Virgin Money Facebook Virgin Money YouTube Virgin Money LinkedIn About us Careers Link opens in a new window Corporate Link opens in a new window Intermediaries Investor Relations Link opens in a new window Newsroom Link opens in a new window Information Accessibility Terms of use Privacy policy Cookies Modern Slavery Act Link opens in a new window Sitemap More from the Virgin Group Virgin Money - Australia Link opens in a new window Virgin.com Link opens in a new window