The List | Beauty, Entertainment, Royals, Style, Soaps, & Celebrity × NEWS EXCLUSIVES ROYALS BEAUTY STYLE WELLNESS LOVE LIVING POLITICS ENTERTAINMENT FEATURES About Editorial Policies Reviews Policy Our Experts Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved NEWS EXCLUSIVES ROYALS BEAUTY STYLE WELLNESS LOVE LIVING POLITICS ENTERTAINMENT FEATURES The Stunning Transformation Of Meg Ryan Brittany Mahomes' Complicated Relationship With Travis Kelce's Ex Kayla Nicole The Early Days Of Taylor Swift And Travis Kelce's Relationship Were Full Of Secret Meetings More Stories Entertainment /Madison Emily Whisenand Brittany Mahomes' Complicated Relationship With Travis Kelce's Ex Kayla Nicole Kayla Nicole became close with a lot of her fellow WAGS when dating Travis Kelce, but her relationship with Brittany Mahomes got rocky after the breakup. Read More Entertainment /Tena Tuzla The Early Days Of Taylor Swift And Travis Kelce's Relationship Were Full Of Secret Meetings Taylor Swift's relationship with Travis Kelce began much earlier than the public knew but they were meeting secretly even longer than we initially thought too. Read More Politics /Shana Aborn Vanessa Trump Might Have Never Divorced Don Jr. If It Weren't For This One Thing When Vanessa Trump's family made money from a business deal, it may have been the reason she was able to divorce Donald Trump Jr. Here's why. Read More Entertainment /Gem Adeyinka Donald Isn't The Only Trump With A Criminal History. Here's Why His Dad Fred Was Arrested Donald Trump's father, Fred Trump, brought controversy to his burgeoning presidential campaign when his arrest record and involvement with the KKK re-emerged. Read More News /Kristin Conard Ivanka Trump's Daughter Arabella Is Growing Up To Be Her Twin In New Photos Ivanka Trump and her daughter Arabella Kushner were spotted in India for a wedding, and pictures show that Arabella is the spitting image of her mom! Read More Entertainment /Rachel Cash The British Royal Couples Katy Perry Is Linked To Katy Perry is Hollywood royalty and she also has some connections to real-life royalty. How did she become pals with the likes of King Charles III? Read More News /Lauren Waters Jason Kelce's Retirement Speech Gives Wife Kylie The Spotlight She Deserves After 13 seasons with the Philadelphia Eagles, Jason Kelce is retiring. But, in his announcement, he took the time to give major kudos to his wife Kylie. Read More Entertainment /Lauren Waters Sarah Ferguson Gets Positive Skin Cancer Update Amid Royal Family's Health Issues After several devastating cancer diagnoses, Sarah Ferguson has received some optimistic news on her health that is giving her hope for the future. Read More Entertainment /Brent Furdyk The Stunning Transformation Of Carol Burnett Carol Burnett continues to make viewers laugh and even has a bold new television project arriving in 2024. ﻿This is just how she got to where she is today. Read More News /Rachel Cash Why The Photos Of Kate Middleton's Reemergence Are Seriously Suspect On March 4, Kate Middleton was finally spotted for the first time since her January abdominal surgery, but the photos have only raised further speculation. Read More Entertainment /Rebecca Geiser What Taylor Swift's Ex Conor Kennedy Has Been Up To Since Their Split Conor Kennedy is most recognized for his famous family, but he made headlines in 2012 for his relationship with Taylor Swift. He's been busy since their split. Read More News /Kristin Conard Rose Hanbury Subtly Shut Down Prince William Affair Rumors Amid Kate Middleton's Disappearance The rumor mill has gone wild in the wake of Kate's disappearance following her abdominal surgery, even reviving claims about William's affair with Rose Hanbury. Read More Entertainment /Tena Tuzla The 5 Best Candace Cameron Bure Hallmark Movies For A Lazy Sunday Planning a cozy Sunday on the couch? Here are the five best Hallmark movies starring Candace Cameron Bure, and they're perfect for a lazy day. Read More Entertainment /Rebecca Geiser What Was Michel Smith Boyd Doing Before His HGTV Fame? "Luxe For Less" star Michel Smith Boyd has taken his passion for interior design to HGTV, but he actually had many unique jobs before his TV fame. Read More Entertainment /Precious Gibson Taylor Swift's Dad Scott's Run-In With The Paparazzi, Explained Scott Swift, the father of Taylor Swift, had a run-in with the paparazzi while the singer was in Sydney, Australia, for her Eras Tour. Here's what happened. Read More News /Heather Baver Queen Camilla's Break From Royal Duties Stirs Up Major Backlash It's been a difficult couple of months for the royals as Kate and Charles have faced health problems. Now, people are upset with Camilla for taking time off. Read More Entertainment /M. Davis-McAfee How Nikki Haley Turned One Of Her Biggest Controversies Into A Joke On SNL Nikki Haley drew ire for her comments on the Civil War while on the campaign trail, but an appearance on "Saturday Night Live" helped her spin it. Read More Entertainment /Madison Emily Whisenand Taylor Swift's Mom Had The Perfect Response To Kanye West's Infamous VMAs Interruption Kanye West notoriously interrupted Taylor Swift at the 2009 VMAs, cutting her off mid-speech, but her mom, Andrea, reportedly told him off in epic fashion. Read More Entertainment /M. Davis-McAfee HGTV Star David Bromstad's Most Iconic Pop Culture Tattoos "My Lottery Dream Home" host David Bromstad is known for his many tattoos. Here are some of the most iconic pop culture tributes gracing the HGTV star's skin. Read More Entertainment /Rebecca Geiser The 2023 E*Trade Commercial Baby Comes From A Very Wealthy Family Fans love E*Trade's Super Bowl baby commercials, and 2023's was even more memorable because of its star, Charlie, who comes from a famous family. Read More Entertainment /Roger Froilan Jodie Foster Became BFFs With Bonnie Stoll After Playing Her In A Movie Jodie Foster sought help from the real-life inspiration for her character in "Nyad" and in the process the actor made a lifelong friend in trainer Bonnie Stoll. Read More Entertainment /Gem Adeyinka Nikki Haley's Feelings About Former President Barack Obama Are Clear Nikki Haley made her displeasure about President Barack Obama's tenure clear and, evidently, the feeling is mutual since he had plenty of critiques for her too. Read More Entertainment /Shreya Mali Jason Kelce's A-List Interactions Made Him The True Winner Of Super Bowl 2024 Jason Kelce might not have won the Super Bowl on the field, but he did have a great night thanks to all the A-list celebrities he met in his spectator suite. Read More Entertainment /Precious Gibson How Janet Jackson And Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl Halftime Show Led To A Federal Investigation Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson's infamous 2004 Super Bowl performance was so shocking it led to a federal investigation following thousands of complaints. Read More Entertainment /Shreya Mali Arnold Schwarzenegger's Ultra-Strict Parenting Style Used To Leave His Kids In Tears Arnold Schwarzenegger grew up in the aftermath of WWII so his upbringing was harsh. The action star raised his kids similarly causing major emotional outbursts. Read More Entertainment /Madison Emily Whisenand How HGTV's Egypt Sherrod Nearly Ruined Her Romance With Mike Jackson HGTV Egypt Sherrod and husband Mike Jackson are a happy, healthy couple, but Sherrod's baggage from previous relationships nearly derailed the pair. Read More Entertainment /Tena Tuzla Did Brittany Mahomes Get Plastic Surgery? Here's What We Know Brittany Mahomes, the wife of Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes, is the subject of a lot of speculation regarding her looks and body. Read More Entertainment /Precious Gibson Kelly Rowland's Today Show Dressing Room Drama, Explained When Kelly Rowland unexpectedly left her Today appearance, rumors swirled that the show's small dressing room was the cause. But is that the only reason? Read More Royals /Bernice Emanuel Why Prince William Reportedly Isn't Happy Harry Visited King Charles Amid Cancer Diagnosis It seems understandable, even expected, for Prince Harry to visit his father amid his cancer diagnosis. Why does Prince William think he had an ulterior motive? Read More Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy © 2024 Static Media® / TheList.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Food Republic|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Looper|Mashed|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashFilm|SlashGear|SVG|Tasting Table|The Daily Meal|Women|Wrestling Inc.