Netgate Products Netgate Products pfSense Plus and TNSR software. 100% focused on secure networking. Available as appliance, bare metal / virtual machine software, and cloud software options. Made stronger by a battery of TAC support subscription options, professional services, and training services. Pricing Support Contact Sales pfSense Plus Software Overview Features Performance Technology Cloud Resources pfSense Plus vs TNSR FAQ Buy On Appliances Buy On Cloud TNSR Software Overview Features Performance Technology Cloud Resources pfSense Plus vs TNSR FAQ Buy On Appliances Buy On Cloud Start A Subscription Appliances Overview pfSense Plus Appliances TNSR Appliances Comparison Table Buy a pfSense+ Appliance Buy a TNSR Appliance Applications Netgate Applications Secure networking applications for everyday needs. Securely connect. Route traffic. Protect it from snooping, theft, and damage. Build scalable infrastructure. These are the problems we solve. Pricing Support Contact Sales pfSense Plus Applications Firewall Router VPN Attack Prevention Buy On Appliances Buy On Cloud TNSR Applications High-Performance Edge Routing High-Throughput Site-to-Site IPsec IPv4 Address Space Exhaustion High-Speed Cloud Connectivity Buy On Appliances Buy On Cloud Start A Subscription Customers Customer Stories We have great products that deliver great value. But, it's still about solving customer problems. Secure networking solution stories. From customers just like you. All Customer Stories By Solution Firewall Router VPN Attack Prevention High-Performance Edge Routing High-Throughout Site-to-Site IPsec By Industry Construction Defense Education Healthcare IT Services Featured Story USNS Mercy U.S. Navy deploys pfSense Plus software on the Netgate 1537 and AWS Cloud for network security and management. Read Full Story Pricing Pricing pfSense Plus and TNSR solution pricing. At your fingertips. Turnkey appliances. Software for 3rd party hardware. Cloud virtual machine instances. Services and support. No tricks. No hidden charges. Right in the open. pfSense+ Software Overview Appliances Cloud TNSR Software Overview Appliances Cloud BMI / VM Services Consulting Implementation Training Support Support Support Every network is a snowflake. No two are alike. Sooner or later you'll need help. We are here. Support subscriptions for business assurance and peace of mind. Deep documentation of every nook and cranny. Professional services and training from those who have worn your shoes. Contact Support FAQ Community Forum Support Subscriptions Overview TAC Lite TAC Pro TAC Enterprise Business Assurance Contact Support Resources Library Overview Articles Data Sheets Solution Briefs Technical Papers Whitepapers Videos Documentation Product Lifecycle Security Services Professional Services Training pfSense Fundamentals and Advanced Application Company Company Get to know us. Catch up on the latest through our blog. Find a parter. Learn what makes us tick. Latest Blog Press Newsletter Events Partner Partner Locator Partner Program Partner Application Partner Login Company About Us Careers Contact Us Buy Now Products pfSense Plus Software Overview Features Performance Technology Cloud Resources pfSense Plus vs TNSR FAQ TNSR Software Overview Features Performance Technology Cloud Resources pfSense Plus vs TNSR FAQ Appliances Overview pfSense Plus Appliances TNSR Appliances Comparison Table Applications pfSense Plus Applications Firewall Router VPN Attack Prevention TNSR Applications High-Performance Edge Routing High-Throughput Site-to-Site IPsec IPv4 Address Space Exhaustion High-Speed Cloud Connectivity Customers By Solution Firewall Router VPN Attack Prevention High-Performance Edge Routing High-Throughout Site-to-Site IPsec By Industry Construction Defense Education Healthcare IT Services Featured Story USNS Mercy U.S. Navy deploys pfSense Plus software on the Netgate 1537 and AWS Cloud for network security and management. Read Full Story Pricing pfSense+ Software Overview Appliances Cloud TNSR Software Overview Appliances Cloud BMI / VM Services Consulting Implementation Training Support Support Support Subscriptions Overview TAC Lite TAC Pro TAC Enterprise Business Assurance Contact Support Resources Library Overview Articles Data Sheets Solution Briefs Technical Papers Whitepapers Videos Documentation Product Lifecycle Security Services Professional Services Training pfSense Fundamentals and Advanced Application Company Latest Blog Press Newsletter Events Partner Partner Locator Partner Program Partner Application Partner Login Company About Us Careers Contact Us Buy Now Secure networking solutions for the home The world’s most popular, feature-rich and robust firewall, router and VPN solutions. Ideal for personal users, professional users, and organizations looking for easy-to-use, powerful, flexible, proven solutions for safely connecting to the Internet. Home Office Cloud Get Started Prioritized office, IoT, and entertainment traffic Prevent intrusions into your personal network Secure network access for work-from-home Stay connected with speed and reliability Affordable next-gen firewall protection Secure remote access to other offices and cloud High-speed inter- or intra-cloud connectivity Protect cloud-hosted applications and data Run your own VPN service, or setup high speed site-to-cloud secure connections Find the Right Secure Networking Software for Your Needs Netgate offers two very powerful, but different, secure networking solutions - pfSense Plus and TNSR. All-in-one network firewall, router, and VPN solution Ideal for home, remote worker, business, and service provider network connectivity and protection Equipped with many router and firewall features typically found only in expensive commercial routers Flexible VPN solution options Known for robustness and stability Highly extensible with 3rd party packages to support block lists, content filtering, intrusion prevention, policy-based routing and more Easy to install and maintain via web GUI Available for premises and cloud deployment Learn MoreCompare with TNSR "We've been using pfSense for our Firewall/IDS for five years - across multiple work sites with HA CARP configured - and it is outstanding. Just does most things exceptionally well." Stephen D. FINANCIAL SERVICES High-performance software router with industry-leading price-performance, scalability Ideal for demanding service provider and business edge, campus, data center and cloud connectivity environments - where high-speed routing and encrypted traffic handling are required Vector Packet Processing (VPP) with Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) enable up to two orders of magnitude speed gain over traditional kernel-based packet processing solutions Software scalable to 10, 25, 40, 100 Gbps and beyond Suitable for edge and core routing, site-to-site VPN, cloud connectivity, large scale NAT applications Managed through CLI and/or RESTCONF API Achieves super-scale routing without the six-figure price tag. Contact sales for pricing. Learn MoreCompare with pfSense Plus "I really put TNSR through the paces. What I found was that I’m incapable of generating enough traffic to stress the box - without a lot of effort - and that frankly, I’ll never generate real-world traffic anywhere near its capacity." Torstein S. SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT Secure Networking Bases Covered Whether at home or in the office, safely connecting to the digital world requires three fundamental capabilities at the network edge. Firewall Protection Monitor incoming and outgoing network traffic and configure settings to allow or block specific traffic based on a defined set of security rules. pfSense Plus Secure VPN Encrypt your traffic so no one can see what you do online, or interfere with your traffic - to and from your location, across the Internet, to its far-end destination. pfSense Plus TNSR Routing Control Connect computers and other devices to the home or business to the world, choose the best route for your information to travel, and decide which computers get priority over others. pfSense Plus TNSR Deploy How You Like and Where You Need Netgate secure networking solutions can be deployed virtually or physically on premises, and virtually in the cloud. Appliance Software Cloud 1100 2100 4200 6100 8200 1537 1541 Netgate 1100 The Netgate 1100 is the ideal microdevice for the home and small office network with up to 1 Gbps routing and 607 Mbps of firewall throughput. Cost-efficient / Low power Sleek, compact Silent operation (fanless) Put on a desktop, shelf, or wall 1100 with pfSense+ Netgate 2100 The Netgate 2100 delivers unbeatable performance and flexibility in its class. Perfect for home, remote workers, and small business deployments that require more resources for multiple add-on packages and VPN performance. Cost-efficient / Low power Silent operation (fanless) Put on a desktop, shelf, or wall Upgradeable Storage 2100 with pfSense+ Netgate 4200 The Netgate 4200 with pfSense Plus software is the most versatile security gateway in its class. The 4200 utilizes the blazing fast performance of 4-core Intel Atom C1110 CPU to achieve benchmark results up to three times faster in routing, firewall forwarding and IPsec VPN than the previous generation of security gateways. The 4200 delivers over 9.2 Gbps of L3 routing across four independent 2.5 GbE flexible WAN/LAN ports. For desktop or (optional) wall mount Silent operation (fanless) 4 x 2.5 GbE WAN/LAN interfaces (RJ45) 4-core Intel Atom C1110 @ 2.1Ghz w/AVX2 Upgradeable storage (M.2 slots) Supports dual WAN and High Availability 4200 with pfSense+ Netgate 6100 The Netgate 6100 is ideal for pro-home, small/medium businesses, or edge deployments that require flexible port configurations to support 1 to 10 Gbps WAN capabilities across RJ45, SFP, and SFP+ ports. Put on a desktop, wall, or rack Silent operation (fanless) Upgradeable storage (M.2 slots) QuickAssist & AES-NI High Availability 1, 2.5, and 10 GbE Network Interfaces 6100 with pfSense+ 6100 with TNSR Netgate 8200 The Netgate® 8200 is ideal for remote office, small/medium business, managed service providers, and enterprise networks with high-speed 10 GbE routing requirements looking for enterprise-class performance in a rack mount configuration. Rack mount Expandable memory & storage AES-NI CPIC-8955 cryptographic accelerator card for QuickAssist Technology (optional) Network expandable Runs pfSense Plus or TNSR software 8200 with pfSense+ 8200 with TNSR Netgate 1537 The Netgate 1537 is ideal for medium to large business data centers or server rooms. Featuring complete hardware expandability and RAID compatibility this unit is perfect for high-throughput and mission-critical deployments. Rack Mount Expandable memory and storage Network expandable High Availability 1537 with pfSense+ 1537 with TNSR Netgate 1541 The Netgate 1541, the most powerful appliance from Netgate, is ideal for medium to large business data centers or server rooms. This unit is perfect for high-throughput and mission-critical deployments. Rack Mount Expandable memory and storage Network expandable High Availability 1541 with pfSense+ 1541 with TNSR pfSense+ Appliances TNSR Appliances Compare All Appliances pfSense Plus can be purchased as a virtual machine image that can be installed on 3rd-party hardware. 300 Mbps to 10 Gbps Each release tested internally across multiple processors and system architectures Vetted by thousands of customers Get Started TNSR software can be purchased as a Bare Metal Image and Virtual Machine that can be installed on 3rd party hardware. 10, 40, 100 Gbps or more Deployed by numerous service providers & businesses Includes TAC Pro support, upgradable to TAC Enterprise support Get Started For AWS Marketplace cloud applications or workloads that need firewall protection, routing and secure VPN connectivity, Netgate offers a range of pfSense Plus and TNSR virtual software instances Range of EC2 compute instance options to match your performance and budgetary requirements Fulfillment across US, EU, Asia-Pacific, South America, Africa Regions Available on GovCloud regions as well Free Trial Hourly and annual subscription options pfSense+ on AWS TNSR on AWS For Azure Marketplace cloud applications or workloads that need firewall protection, routing and secure VPN connectivity, Netgate offers a range of pfSense Plus and TNSR virtual software instances Range of virtual machine instances to match your performance and budgetary requirements Fulfillment across North America, Europe, South America, Asia, and African regions Available on US Gov regions as well Free Trial Hourly and monthly subscription options pfSense+ on Azure TNSR on Azure Customer Stories Read customer stories to learn how pfSense Plus and TNSR software empower their businesses while saving precious budget. All Customer Stories By Solution Firewall Router VPN Attack Prevention High-Performance Edge Routing High-Throughput Site-to-Site IPsec By Industry Construction Defense Education Healthcare IT Services Featured Story USNS Mercy U.S. Navy deploys pfSense Plus software on the Netgate 1537 and AWS Cloud for network security and management. Read Full Story Why Netgate? Industry-Leading Open Source Contribution and Leverage The power of open source software is evident. Netgate closes the gap between open source projects and ready-to-deploy, business-assured solutions. Did you know? Netgate packages, tests, and supports over a dozen different open-source projects into commercially-ready products with its software releases. Price-Performance that is second to none Cutting-edge packet processing performance and feature sets with no-frills, flat-rate pricing that crushes proprietary alternatives. Did you know? With TNSR® software, Netgate uses Vector Packet Processing (VPP) that achieves ASIC-level performance, in software, for pennies on the dollar. Champion of low total cost of ownership No hidden costs. No vendor lock-in. Easily integrated into your existing management framework. Did you know? When it comes to Netgate products you get the complete software offering, we don't nickel and dime you for extra features. But wait, There's more! You can license both of our software products for free Home and Lab use. Enterprise-class customer support 24x7 TAC Support with SLAs included to provide the business assurance you need. Did you know? Since introducing 24/7/365 TAC our Netgate Global support satisfaction rating has never dropped below 97%! Proven and Trusted the World Over Over seven million firewall, VPN, and router installs worldwide. Netgate can fulfill virtually any day-to-day or mission-critical secure networking need. Did you know? Netgate software products are deployed across every vertical, business size, and continent. Yep, even Antarctica. Strong Commitment to the Open Source Movement Ongoing contribution to numerous secure-networking open source projects including Clixon, DPDK, FD.io, FreeBSD, FRR, pfSense, strongSwan, and VPP. Did you know? Netgate has contributed over 28,000 code commits through May 2021 to open-source projects. Featured Netgate Resources Whitepapers Open Networking Survey Report Download the Report Latest Resources TNSR, Announcements, Releases Netgate Releases TNSR Software Version 24.02 pfSense, Announcements, Development, Networking Netgate Releases Public BETA of New Installer for pfSense Software Appliances, TNSR, Releases, Cloud, Networking, AWS, Azure How to Test Drive TNSR Software on-premises & in the Cloud See More Resources Change your secure networking destiny. Products Appliances pfSense Plus Features Performance Technology How to Buy pfSense Plus vs TNSR TNSR Features Performance Technology How to Buy pfSense Plus vs TNSR Product Comparisons Applications pfSense Plus TNSR Customers Stories Pricing Appliances pfSense Plus TNSR Training & Professional Services Support FAQ Resources Library Professional Services Training Community Forum Documentation Contact Support Security Company About Us Blog Press Newsletters Careers Partners Partner Locator Partner Application Legal Privacy Policy Contact Us Subscribe to Email Updates Twitter Reddit LinkedIn Youtube Copyright 2024 Rubicon Communications LLC (Netgate). All rights reserved.