Homepage - Comic-Con International Homepage - Comic-Con International Mobile nav Search Awards Past Events John Rogers Member ID Careers Help search Home Comic-Con® WonderCon® SAM® Toucan Blog Museum Merch Member ID Awards Eisner Awards Eisner Awards Overview FAQ Hall Of Fame Eisner Awards History Past Recipients Past Judges Will Eisner Eisner Spirit Current Info Past Recipients Icon Awards Icon Awards Inkpot Inkpot Overview Other awards Bob Clampett Humanitarian Award Bill Finger Award Russ Manning Award Film Festival Awards Past Events Wondering what you missed in previous years at Comic-Con, WonderCon Anaheim, and APE the Alternative Press Expo? Here’s your chance to catch up! Explore all the details of previous events: see who exhibited, read our complete program schedules, and view the lists of special invited guests for each event. Explore Past Events! Comic-Con WonderCon SAM WonderCOn 2024 Official Merchandise March 29-31Anaheim Convention Center Shop Now! Badges for WonderCon On Sale NOW WonderCon 2024: March 29-31Anaheim Convention Center Get ready for the return of WonderCon in 2024 in Anaheim, California! Buy Badges 2024 Will Eisner Spirit of Comics Retailer Award Call for Nominations Nominations close at 11:59 PM, April 19, Pacific Daylight Time More Info Here A view of the Convention Center and the surrounding city of San Diego, California, shot from an altitude of about 300 feet. The Comic-Con Early Bird Hotel Sale is Open! Secure your hotel room for Comic-Con 2024 Save time and money through our Early Bird Hotel Sale offering hotels along our complimentary Comic-Con Shuttle route. Learn More Image credit: Represent Comic-Con 2024 July 25-28Preview Night: July 24 The premier event for all things comics and related popular art, including movies, television, gaming, interactive multimedia, and so much more! Visit Comic-Con Comic-Con Museum Explore a dynamic space to discover, learn, and celebrate the art, storytelling, and innovation that make comics an enduring phenomenon. Now on Exhibit:COWBOY BEBOP 25TH ANNIVERSARY ART EXHIBITION Visit the museum Comic-Con: The Cruise Coming In 2025 February 5-9 • Tampa & Cozumel Get ready to set sail on the ultimate fan adventure! Comic-Con: The Cruise takes place onboard a luxury cruise ship with a vibrant community of fans. Visit the cruise website GET YOUR Official 2023 MerchANDISE Showcase your love for Comic-Con with our exclusive apparel, collectibles, and more. Don’t miss the chance to own a piece of the excitement and commemorate your 2023 experience. Shop merch News & Updates Spirit of Comics 2024 Call for Nominations 8 hours ago Read More Judges Choose 19 for 2024 Eisner Hall of Fame 5 days ago Read More WonderCon 2024 Cover Art Reveal 5 days ago Read More Update Your Badge Shipping Address Now 3 weeks ago Read More Celebrating the Popular Arts! Welcome to the newly redesigned San Diego Comic Convention website. Home to Comic-Con®, WonderCon®, SAM: Storytelling Across Media®, and Comic-Con® Museum ABOUT Comic-Con San Diego Comic Convention is a California Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation dedicated to creating the general public’s awareness of and appreciation for comics and related popular art forms. More about us Remembering John What We Do Bringing Awareness to Comics & POPULAR ART We’re well-known for our conventions, like Comic-Con and WonderCon, but we’re also home to Comic-Con Museum, The Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards, Comic-Con International Independent Film Festival and other initiatives and events that educate and celebrate the historic and ongoing contribution of comics to art and culture. Comic-Con Explore Comic-Con WonderCon Explore WonderCon Storytelling Across Media Explore SAM Comic-Con Museum Explore the museum Awards Explore awards Contact Us Get in Touch with Us Whether you’re a passionate fan, a dedicated artist, or a potential collaborator, we welcome you to reach out to Comic-Con International. Your input fuels our mission to celebrate and promote comics and pop culture. Contact us Past Events Awards John Rogers About UsOur History Remembering John Careers Contact Comic-ConFacebook X Instagram YouTube WonderConFacebook X Instagram YouTube MuseumFacebook X Instagram YouTube The San Diego Comic Convention (Comic-Con International) is a California Nonprofit Public Benefit Corporation organized for charitable purposes and dedicated to creating the general public’s awareness of and appreciation for comics and related popular art forms, including participation in and support of public presentations, conventions, exhibits, museums and other public outreach activities which celebrate the historic and ongoing contribution of comics to art and culture. Comic-Con, the Comic-Con logo, Comic-Con Museum, the Comic-Con Museum logo, WonderCon, and the WonderCon logo are registered trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 95-3072188 Cookie Policy Privacy Policy © 2024 San Diego Comic Convention. All rights reserved.