Take a personality test - Open Source Psychometrics Project Open-Source Psychometrics Project ( about ) This website provides a collection of interactive personality tests with detailed results that can be taken for personal entertainment or to learn more about personality assessment. These tests range from very serious and widely used scientific instruments popular psychology to self produced quizzes. A special focus is given to the strengths, weaknesses and validity of the various systems. Recommended tests Big Five Personality Test: The general consensus in academic psychology is that there are five fundamental personality traits. This model is assumed in most personality research, and is the basis of many of the most well regarded tests employed by psychologists who maintin close connections with academia. The "big five" tend to not be popular in consumer focused personality assessment or self-help because to many people the feedback of the model seems relatively basic. This test uses public domain scales from the International Personality Item Pool. Statistical "Which Character" Personality Quiz: This tool will compare your answers to a database of 2,000 fictional characters. The database is made by crowd-sourcing ratings of the characters, and the goal is to match people to characters they will agree are similar to them using techniques from recommendation engines. There also is a peer report verison, which is even more advanced. And a version for couples. Other tests Psychometric Media Recommendation Engine: Get reccomendations for TV, movies, and books based on personality questions. Fisher Temperament Inventory: The FTI is general measure of personality that traces human behavior back to the function of the neurotransmitters in the brain. It categorizes people into one of four temperaments, each of which is associated with specific neuro-chemicals. Inventory of Phonetic Associations (Experimental): Humans are biased towards making associations between sound and meaning in specific ways that appear to be consistent across cultures. This test measures how strongly you show the typical bias, and explores what that means. Research has indicated that individuals with autism show less of this bias than neurotypicals. Firstborn Personality Scale: This test was desgined to produce the maximum possible difference between scores of first-born (oldest) and later-born children. It correlates with birth order more than any other self-report scale, but the correlation is still extremely small because most of the common claims about the effect of birth order on personality are exaggerated and wrong. Analog to Multiple Broadband Inventories: Most personality tests ask the same kind of questions, they just organize their results in different ways. This one computes all the scores you would likely get if you took 8 different well regarded personality tests, from just one bank of items. Multidimensional Introversion-Extraversion Scales: The idea of introversion and extraversion is one of the oldest and most well known ideas in personality psychology. The evidence indicates that people can mean several different things when they describe themselves as an introvert or extravert, so the trait of introversion-extraversion should actually be broken down into a couple different, though related, traits. Open Extended Jungian Type Scales: The system of personality types proposed by Carl Jung (1921) and later refined by C. Myers and I. M. Briggs has become an extremely widely used personality theory in self-help, business management, counselling and spiritual development contexts, but it is not commonly used in academic research where, like all type theories, it is treated skeptically. The system produces 16 personality types on the basis of four dichotomies and is the system used in the Myers Briggs Type Indicator and Keirsey Temperament Sorter instruments, among many others. The OEJS is a free and open source measure of the four dichotomies which yields an equivalent result to the usual tests. OSPP Enneagram of Personality Scales: The Enneagram of Personality is a system of nine personality types organized by a geometric diagram. It has been promoted as a spiritual and self-help tool by many authors and there exist several different popular tests of Enneagram type. The OEPS was developed by this website and reflects the average idea of what each type is in the population of on-line Enneagram enthusiasts. Zodiac-sign Associated Personality Scales: The ancient practice of astrology connects the way a person is to their date of birth. This survey will determine if your personality matches the stereotypes for your astrological sign. Multifactor General Knowledge Test: A test of general knowledge measuring four facets of general knowledge. Artistic Preferences Scale: Rate paintings to find out what your preferences are for art in terms of style and content. Full Scale IQ Test: An IQ Test measuring across the full spectrum of human abilities. Woodworth Psychoneurotic Inventory: Often cited as the first personality test, the WPI was developed by the United States military during World War I to screen for recruits at high risk of developing shell shock. Finished too late to be put to such use, the WPI instead found its place as the dominant self-report personality measure in academic psychological research during the 1920s and 30s, but has mostly been forgotten since then. Nonverbal Immediacy Scale: This scale measures individual differences in the use of body language in communication. Evaluations of Attractiveness Scales - Male / Female: The EMAS and EFAS measure individual differences in preferences for the looks of men and women respectively. IIP RIASEC Markers: The Holland Codes (the acronym RIASEC refers to the six Holland Codes) is a typology of occupations that groups jobs into six categories and describes the different personality characteristics of people who are inclined towards each category. Since its developed by John L. Holland in the 1950s the theory has become dominant one in the field of career counselling and it has been incorporated into most of the assessment you might take at a university career planning centre. The RIASEC Markers from the public domain Interest Item Pool were developed by James Rounds and colleagues in 2008 for use in psychological research. Short Dark Triad: The "dark triad" is a name for three personality traits that are commonly seem as malicious or evil: narcissism, machiavellianism and psychopathy. The study of these three traits together as the dark triad became popular in the 2000s. In 2011, Delroy Paulhus and Daniel Jones published the Short Dark Triad (SD3) as a single short test to measure all three traits at once. Protestant Work Ethic Scale: There is sociological theory that Northern European countries developed faster in the industrial revolution than southern ones because of the additudes towards work promoted by Protestantism (versus Catholicism). This idea has been taken by some psychologists who believe that individuals can have different levels of Protestant work ethic. Nerdy Personality Attributes Scale: A measure of personality attributes that distinguish those who call themselves nerds from those that do not. Open DISC Assessment Test: The DISC personality model is a system that divides people into four personality types. The model is promoted commercially by several different orginizations for use in the workplace. Four Temperaments Test: If you had asked a well educated western person in 1850 to describe themselves, they would have responded using the language of the four temperaments, an extension of the ancient four humours theory of medicine to personality by Greek physician Galen (129–216 AD). The four temperaments as the accepted way to describe personality was vanquished by the development of psychology after 1900, but recently they have seen a resurgence and been promoted in spiritual and self-help contexts. Cattell's 16 Personality Factors Test: In the 1940s Raymond Cattell proposed a model of human individual differences with 16 factors based on a statistical study of responses to personality questionnaires. Cattell's model has never been widely accepted and his statistical analysis that revealed 16 factors has never been successfully replicated, but the test he produced, the 16PF Questionnaire, has been very popular in applied psychology like contexts such as counselling and human resources. This test uses the public domain scales from the International Personality Item Pool that were developed by Lewis Goldberg to be equivalent to the 16PFQ. Rosenberg Self-esteem Scale: Developed in the 1960s by Morris Rosenberg for a study of adolescent self image the RSES has become the most widely used general purpose measure of self esteem in psychological research. Survey of Dictionary-based Isms (SDI-46): The SDI is a measure of sociopolitical attitudes developed by Gerard Saucier. Its name references the fact that it was derived from searching the dictionary for words describing different philosophies (which often end in "ism", e.g. liberalism, hobbism), which were then reduced down to underlying factors with statistical analysis. The SDI-46 revision was published in 2013. Open Hemispheric Brain Dominance Scale: A measure of left-brain/right brain thinking, a scientifically discredited but still popular idea. Generic Conspiracist Beliefs Scale: A measure of belief in conspiracy theories. Exposure Based Face Memory Test: Measure of face memory and face blindness. Vocabulary IQ Test: Vocabulary test giving an IQ score like result. Nature Relatedness Scale (NR-6): The NR-6 measures the strength of an individual's psychological connection to nature, something that is presumed to be psychologically healthy. Disclaimer All of these tests are provided for educational and entertainment uses only. They are not clinically administered and as such the results are not suitable for basing important decisions off of. These tests are also not infallible, if the results say something about you that you don't think is true, you are right and it is wrong. Page information Updated: 15 October 2019 Feedback: info@openpsychometrics.org Privacy policy