Home Page | Electoral Commission Skip to main content Please enable JavaScript in your web browser to get the best experience. Language selection English EnglishCymraeg Menu Search About us About us We’re the independent body which oversees elections and regulates political finance in the UK. We work to promote public confidence in the democratic process and ensure its integrity. Our role and responsibilities Our plans, priorities and spending Our Commissioners and teams How we make decisions Working for us Contact us Procurement Freedom of Information Our guidance Our guidance We provide guidance about the process of running elections, standing as a candidate, and campaigning at an election. Electoral Administrator Candidate or agent Political party Campaigner Other regulated individuals and organisations Police election SPOC (Single Point of Contact) Voting and elections Voting and elections Find out everything you need to know about voting and elections, including information about upcoming elections in your area. Elections in your area Voter ID Who can vote Ways to vote How elections work Campaigning before an election Reporting electoral fraud Ways to get involved in democracy Observing elections and referendums Work at elections Research, reports and data Research, reports and data Part of our role includes conducting research and gathering data, and publishing reports and making recommendations about elections that take place across the UK. Our reports and data on past elections and referendums Electoral registration research Public attitudes Modernising voting: flexible voting feasibility studies Pilot evaluations Electoral fraud data Referendum question research Political registration and regulation Political registration and regulation We are responsible for registering political parties, publishing political finance data, and taking action if we have reason to suspect political finance law has been broken. Political party registration Financial reporting Our enforcement work Imprints News and views News and views Get the latest news from us, and read media handbooks for elections. We also hold consultations, and publish our responses to consultations from others. Media centre Elections Act Our priorities for reforming elections Parliamentary briefings Key correspondence Our consultations Our responses to consultations Resources Resources Use our resources to share information about voting and democracy. Take a look at our resources for young people. Download lesson plans and activities for use in the classroom or youth groups. Share our assets and get the message out. Resources for young people Resources for Educators Democratic engagement resources Back There have been changes to voting in UK Parliament elections for British citizens living overseas. Find out more Close alert Home Page Welcome to the Electoral Commission The Electoral Commission is the independent body which oversees elections and regulates political finance in the UK. We work to promote public confidence in the democratic process and ensure its integrity Find out more Voter ID Voters in England, Scotland and Wales now need to show photo ID to vote at polling stations in some elections.Don’t have ID? Apply for free voter ID now. Find out more Key resources Information for voters Guidance for electoral administrators Latest reports and research Find out about elections in your area Enter your postcode to find out which elections are coming up in your area, the contact details for the electoral services team at your local council and polling station details Search Search the political finance database Find out which political parties are registered with us, where their money is coming from and how they’re spending it Start your search You might be interested in Report on the May 2023 local elections in England Read our report on the May 2023 local elections in England. Report on the May 2023 local elections in Northern Ireland Read our report on the May 2023 local elections in Northern Ireland. Elections Act Find out more about the UK Government's Elections Act and what it means for voting and campaigning Latest news New voter registration campaign celebrates feel-good factor of participating in democracy Date published: 1 March 2024 Thousands of missing voters encouraged to register ahead of May PCC elections in Wales Date published: 1 March 2024 Electoral Commission appoints new Chief Executive Date published: 30 January 2024 Vauxhall pupils quiz local MP on democracy and elections Date published: 26 January 2024 Footer Content Quick links Contact us Media centre Working for us Learning resources Freedom of information Accessibility Privacy policy Publication scheme Democratic engagement resources Procurement Cookie settings Follow us Follow us onTwitter Follow us onInstagram Follow us onFacebook Follow us onLinkedIn Follow us onBlog © 2024 Electoral Commission Back to top