University of Alberta Skip to main content Admissions + Programs Admissions + Programs Admissions + Programs Undergraduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition + Scholarships Deadlines Apply Now Graduate Programs Tuition and Cost Deadlines Apply Now CONTINUING EDUCATION Courses Programs Organizational Training Funding Assistance International Recruitment More Study Options Online Learning Online On-Demand Courses English Language School Open Studies Inclusive Education Colleges + Faculties Colleges + Faculties Colleges + Faculties College of Health Sciences Kinesiology, Sport, and Recreation Medicine + Dentistry Nursing Pharmacy + Pharmaceutical Sciences Public Health Rehabilitation Medicine College of Natural + Applied Sciences Agricultural, Life & Environmental Sciences Engineering Science College of Social Sciences + Humanities Arts Business Education Law Faculties Augustana Campus Campus Saint-Jean Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies Native Studies Affiliated Colleges St. Joseph's College St. Stephen's College Research Research Research Our Research Energy + Environment Artificial Intelligence Health + Well-being Agriculture + Food Centres + Institutes Innovation Strategic Partnerships Entrepreneurship Resources Spinoffs + Startups Licensing Opportunities Services Awards + Funding Opportunities Develop and Submit a Proposal Managing Your Funds Research Ethics Commercializing Research Safeguarding Your Research EDI in Research Events + Training Tools Researcher Home Page Login ARISE Login Library MTA/DTA/CDA Agreements Contact for Support Related Offices Services Services Services For Students Faculty and Staff Student Service Centre Staff Service Centre About U of A About U of A About U of A Our Campuses Campus Life U of A for Tomorrow Rankings Leadership + Governance Strategic Plan Search Within ualberta.ca People Programs Services Quick Links Email + Apps Bear Tracks eClass Find a Person Maps Library ONEcard News + Events Folio The Quad New Trail YouAlberta Events Prospective Students Current Students Faculty + Staff Alumni + Friends Give to the U of A Careers Indigenous Initiatives Equity, Diversity, and Inclusivity Support During a Crisis We are change makers When we stand together and listen to one another, we generate the solutions that make the world healthier, safer, stronger and more just. Our Story Study at the U of A We are a Top 4 Canadian university and one of the Top 100 in the world. Find out what makes our student experience so rich, meaningful and life-changing. Explore our digital viewbook » Undergraduate Studies Your journey starts here. Choose from more than 200 program options, check the admission requirements and apply online. Search Programs Begin Application Graduate Studies More than 500 graduate programs, 250 specializations and 300 research areas — find out how to take your education to the next level. Search Programs Begin Application Continuing Education Grow your career part-time or online with our 200+ courses and 40+ programs. Search Programs Search Courses Indigenous Initiatives Explore this portal to learn about inspiring Indigenous-led work in the teaching, learning, research and community engagement spaces of the university. Learn More Featured Stories Research Diabetes: Building a better future Health + Wellness Preventing pandemic inequities Science + Technology Setting the climate science agenda All News 200+ undergraduate programs 500+ graduate programs 1 Nobel Laureate 41 National 3M Teaching Fellows 75 Rhodes Scholars 99 national athletics titles 40,061 students from 156 countries 300,000 alumni in 140 countries Previous Next Our Campuses The University of Alberta is a busy place — 41,000 students at five separate campus locations. Learn about each of the unique campuses that make up the fifth largest university in Canada. Visit our Campuses The University of Alberta is located in one of the northernmost major cities in the world. Edmonton is a city with one million residents and one of Canada’s strongest local economies. Like the university, Edmonton is a place where people come together to build, create and change things for the better. It is a place where good ideas have a strong chance to become reality. Upcoming Events March 6, 12 p.m. Biomedical Engineering Distinguished Speaker Series March 11 - 15 Pride Week April 3, 2 p.m. Gender Euphoria ALL EVENTS Weather Territorial Acknowledgement The University of Alberta, its buildings, labs, and research stations are primarily located on the traditional territory of Cree, Blackfoot, Métis, Nakota Sioux, Iroquois, Dene, and Ojibway/Saulteaux/Anishinaabe nations; lands that are now known as part of Treaties 6, 7, and 8 and homeland of the Métis. The University of Alberta respects the sovereignty, lands, histories, languages, knowledge systems, and cultures of First Nations, Métis and Inuit nations. About Us Contact Us Media Relations Careers News Events Giving In Memoriam Campus Info Maps Building Hours Bookstore Library Parking Museums Recreation Athletics Student Information University Calendar Registrar Students' Union Grad Students' Assoc. Residence Dining Services Services Emergencies Campus Security Support During a Crisis IT Help Maintenance Request Associations Staff Services Student Services Alumni Services Research Services Tools + Apps eClass ONEcard Bear Tracks Email + Apps Administration President Leadership Governance Policies Privacy Statement Reporting Compensation Disclosure © 2024 University of Alberta