Home - Art Renewal Center About Us ARC Philosophy Chairman Fred Ross's Speeches & Articles All Articles Mission Statement ARC Allied Organizations ARC Art Gallery List Staff Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us News Blog Events Calendar Recent Additions Museum Search ARC Museum ARC Affiliated Artists™ Become an ARC Affiliated Artist™! Education Search ARC Approved Schools Become an ARC Approved School ARChives Art Scholarship Listing Videos & Podcasts Bouguereau Book Grant Competitions ARC Salons ARC Scholarships ARC Salon Application ARC Scholarship Application Store Products Image Usage Become an ARC Sponsor Painting Appraisals My ARC Join Manage My Membership Log In / Join Donate! English 中国人 Indonesia русский Italiano Français Deutsch Español Art Renewal Center® Leading the Revival of Realism Leading the revival of realism in the visual arts, the Art Renewal Center® (ARC), a 501(c)(3), non-profit, educational foundation, hosts the largest online museum dedicated to representational art and includes works by the old masters, 19th century, and 21st Century Artists as well as articles, letters and other online resources. The ARC is the foremost and only vetting service for representational art schools ensuring that the teaching curricula and quality of teacher and student work meet our strict standards to become ARC Approved®. The ARC also runs the ARC Salon Competition, which is the largest and most prestigious competition in the world for realist artists painting, sculpting and drawing today with eleven categories and thousands of works competing, culminating in a live exhibition of many of the winning works. The ARC works with other ARC Allied Organizations™, artist groups, museums, and publications to become a central news hub for the 21st Century Representational Art Movement. Read the ARC Philosophy written by ARC Chairman, Frederick C. Ross, to learn why ARC is so passionately dedicated to representational art. Most Recent Blog ARC Salon Competition Begins Published on 1 March, 2024 We Are Now Accepting Entries To The 17th International ARC Salon Competition! The deadline for entries is June 13, 2024 11:59:59pm PST. When talking about competitions dedicated to 21st Century Realism, the International ARC Salon is the largest in the world. With over $130,000 in cash awards and international recognition through partnerships with prestigious magazines, galleries, museums, and more, don’t miss your chance to compete. Categories include: Figurative, Portraiture, Imaginative Realism, Drawing, Landscape, Still Life, Plein Air Painting, Fully From Life, Sculpture, Animals, and a special category for teens. Click here to enter. BACAA/Juliette Aristides Drawing from Life: An Intensive Workshop Exploring the Beauty of the Nude Published on 1 March, 2024 Join BACAA for this exciting workshop in beautiful Oxford England from June 21-26, 2024. During the six day intensive workshop, students will learn a sequential approach to confidently draw the human figure and how to express life through their design. During the workshop students will learn a set of skills that have informed artists for centuries. Each day they will address a different aspect of drawing, from blocking-in to rendering on toned paper using charcoal or graphite and the option to use colored pastel pencils for a contemporary take on traditional drawing. To learn more about this workshop, please click here. Visit https://www.bacaa.org/ for more workshops and courses. Learn to Draw and Paint at the Angel Academy of Art, Florence Published on 29 February, 2024 The Angel Academy of Art, Florence, offers the opportunity to learn drawing and painting as the Old Masters did. Whether you are a beginner looking to explore Realism in Florence or an experienced scholar looking to manifest a career, their mission is to provide the experience and skills that you need to succeed. Students can enroll in the Angel Academy of Art, Florence, for a summer workshop, a four-week intensive portrait course, or the three-year diploma program. Each of these cover techniques instrumental to mastering Realism in drawing and painting. For example, right from the first year of studies in the Diploma Program, the Angel Academy thoroughly teaches Pictorial Composition and the Process of Designing a Painting. Each program offers the unique experience of learning as the Old Masters did and in the heart of Florence. The full range of programs accommodate students with any amount of experience. No portfolio or previous experience is required. Be in touch! Tell The Angel Academy of Art, Florence your goal and they will suggest a vision for you. ANI Art Academies in the News Published on 28 February, 2024 ANI Art Academies, an ARC Approved Atelier, was recently featured in a segment on CBS Saturday Morning. The episode focused on the students at ANI Art Academies Dominicana and the impact that training in the arts has had on their lives. To watch the segment, please click here. To learn more about ANI Art Academies, click here. Successful Landing for Lunar Codex Published on 27 February, 2024 On Thursday, February 22, 2024, the Intuitive Machines’ Odysseus spacecraft successfully landed on the moon’s southern hemisphere. On board the Odysseus is the Lunar Codex, a time capsule that contains the work of thousands of contemporary artists, including selected works from the 15th International ARC Salon and all of the winners and honorable mentions from the 16th International ARC Salon. This was the first U.S. moon landing since 1972 and the first commercial spacecraft to ever land on the moon. To learn more, please visit www.lunarcodex.com View all news blogs RSS Atom Museum Learn More » The ARC Museum is the largest online museum dedicated completely to realist art work. It contains tens of thousands of images by thousands of artists and includes works by 19th century and old master artists through our general search pages, as well as 21st century realist works by our ARC Affiliated Artists℠. News Learn More » Our news section consists of two parts, the first being our News Blog where we post daily to keep our viewers informed on relevant topics about realist art and the second is our Events Calendar which is an interactive calendar listing of all the exciting realist art events taking place around the world including: exhibitions, lectures, open houses, competitions, artist demonstrations, video and podcast releases, publication releases, enrollment dates and more. The calendar can also be viewed in three ways, as a calendar, a general listing, or as a world map. Education Learn More » As a non-profit educational foundation, education is one of our primary goals. Here is where you can find our ARC Approved® School listing, ARChives where we have our articles, letters and more, The Da Vinci Initiative which focuses on skill-based learning in K-12 classrooms, artist interviews, artist demonstrations, podcasts, self help books and more. About Us Learn More » Find out more about the ARC and its staff. Learn about our mission and ARC philosophy. Find information on ARC Allied Organizations and how to contact us. Competitions Learn More » View the results of past and current ARC competitions or submit your entries here. The ARC holds two types of competitions. The ARC Scholarship Competition, held every May, gives thousands of dollars in direct financial aid to students attending ARC Approved® Schools. The International ARC Salon, the most prestigious realist art competition in the Americas and perhaps the world, offers over $100,000 in cash awards and International recognition through partnerships with prestigious magazines, galleries, museum exhibitions, and a strong online presence. Store Learn More » Help support the ARC by purchasing fine art prints, books, DVDs, or more. Here you will also find information on image usage and advertising rates. 🎂 Born on this day Carl Gustav Pilo (1711-1793) Jean-Jacques Henner (1829-1905) Dean Cornwell (1892-1960) 💀 Died on this day Correggio (1489-1534) Eduard Steffen (1839-1893) Recent additions to the website View all recent additions. RSS Atom March 4, 2024 Added William J. McCloskey. Added Heinrich Jakob Fried. Added Self Portrait by William J. McCloskey. Added Girl in Red Hat by William J. McCloskey. Added Lady Apples in Overturned Basket by William J. McCloskey. Added Still Life with Wrapped Lemons by William J. McCloskey. Added Deco Female Portrait by William J. McCloskey. Added Still Life with 'Eight Oranges' in Tissue by William J. McCloskey. Added Still Life with Oranges by William J. McCloskey. Added Selene and Endymion by Ubaldo Gandolfi. Added Self-portrait by Edward Hopper. Added Statue Outside the Louvre by Edward Hopper. Added The Pearl by Anthony Frederick Sandys. Added Portrait of a Gentleman by Anthonis Mor. Added The Night by Peter Nicolai Arbo. Added Self portrait by Anselm Friedrich Feuerbach. Added The Blue Grotto at Capri by Heinrich Jakob Fried. Added Portrait of a Gentleman by Anthonis Mor. March 1, 2024 Added ARC Salon Competition Begins to the ARC Blog. Added BACAA/Juliette Aristides Drawing from Life: An Intensive Workshop Exploring the Beauty of the Nude to the ARC Blog. Added Head Building 2 to the ARC Calendar. Added Head Building I to the ARC Calendar. Added Vosler Young Artists' Studio Student Show to the ARC Calendar. Added a new image of The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. Added a new image of The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. Added a new image of The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. February 29, 2024 Added Learn to Draw and Paint at the Angel Academy of Art, Florence to the ARC Blog. Added The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. Added The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. Added The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. Added The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. Added a new image of The Nightmare by Gabriel Picart. February 28, 2024 Added ANI Art Academies in the News to the ARC Blog. February 27, 2024 Added Successful Landing for Lunar Codex to the ARC Blog. February 22, 2024 Added Sargent and Fashion to the ARC Blog. Added a new image of Winter on the Ammonoosuc River, NH by William Robert Davis. February 21, 2024 Added Timeless Beauty. A History of Still Life to the ARC Blog. Added New Classical Works by Juliette Aristides and Robert Armetta to the ARC Calendar. Added NordArt 2024 to the ARC Calendar. February 20, 2024 Added Frans Hals - Way Ahead of His Time to the ARC Blog. ARC Leading the Revival of Realism Latest News ARC Salon Competition Begins on 1 March, 2024 BACAA/Juliette Aristides Drawing from Life: An Intensive Workshop Exploring the Beauty of the Nude on 1 March, 2024 Learn to Draw and Paint at the Angel Academy of Art, Florence on 29 February, 2024 Show all posts for March, 2024 View our Events Calendar Blog: RSS Atom Recent Additions: RSS Atom Sitemap About Us News Recent Additions Museum Education Competitions Store My ARC Contact Us Art Renewal Center® 100 Markley Street Port Reading, NJ 07064 feedback@artrenewal.org (+1) 732-636-2060 ext 619 © 1999-2024 Art Renewal Center. All rights reserved.