Happiest Baby | SNOO Smart Sleeper and Baby Sleep Solutions Skip to content Happiest Baby logo, homepage. 0 Search Shop SNOO Smart Sleeper SNOO Smart Sleeper SNOO Accessories Sleepea Swaddles White Noise Baby Toddler Bundle & Save Registry Blog Pregnancy Baby Toddler Parents SNOO Nursery Design Sleep Reviews Press SNOO Smart Sleeper Sleepea Swaddle Employee BenefitsHospital SNOOFAQs Account Happiest Baby Home Page Shop Expandable Navigation SNOO Smart Sleeper SNOO Smart Sleeper SNOO Accessories Sleepea Swaddles White Noise Collection Baby Collection Toddler Collection Bundle & Save Registry Blog Expandable Navigation Pregnancy Baby Collection Toddler Collection Parents SNOO Nursery Design Sleep Reviews Expandable Navigation Press SNOO Smart Sleeper Sleepea Swaddle Employee Benefits Hospital SNOO FAQs Account Search 0 You give the XOXOs, we give the Zzzs! You give the XOXOs, we give the Zzzs! Rent Now Why Rent? Buy Now Why Rent? 100% certified Each SNOO is fully sanitized and renewed in a 5-step process. New gear Award-winning swaddles, sheet and mattress...yours to keep! ($100 value) Commit at your own pace Low daily rate + just 1 month minimum. Earth-friendly Reusing is good for the planet! Learn More> Most SNOO babies sleep 9 hours or more by 2-3 months! Yay! FREE Shipping FREEShipping 30-Day Trial 30-Day Trial Buy Now, Ship Later Buy NowShip Later Shop by Category Best Sellers SNOO Accessories Category Shop Now White Noise Category Shop Now Sleepea Swaddle Category Shop Now Shop by Product +13 Sleepea® 5-Second Baby Swaddle $29.95 Shop Now +9 100% Organic Cotton SNOO Baby Bassinet Fitted Sheet $19.95 Shop Now SNOObear® 3-in-1 White Noise Lovey $59.95 $47.96 Shop Now SNOObie™ Smart Soother $69.95 $55.96 Shop Now +12 100% Organic SNOO Sleep Sack $34.95 $27.96 Shop Now Shoo Mosquito Net $79.00 $31.60 Shop Now SNOO Leg Lifters $24.95 Shop Now Sky Mobile $89.95 Shop Now SNOO is the first—and only—medical device to receive De Novo authorization from the FDA for its ability to keep sleeping babies safely on their backs. Babies who are placed on the back for sleep are at a lower risk of SIDS/SUID. Rent or Buy SNOO Read Press Release Learn Important Safety Information FDA De Novo authorized Why Parents Love SNOO More Sleep Adds 1-2+ hours of sleep per night Less Crying Automatically calms fussing… often in under a minute Extra Hands Ready 24/7 to help you soothe baby when you need to eat or catch some Zzz's Prevents Rolling Adds peace of mind by securing baby safely on the back Sleep Trains Naturally sleep trains...with little need to cry-it-out Let SNOO Take the Night Shift...Every Night! SNOO is your extra pair of hands, helping 24 hours/day, 7 days/week! It soothes your baby when you shower, cook, do zoom calls…or get some sleep. SNOO adds 1-2+ hours of sleep/night and automatically responds to fussing - with soothing sound and motion - often calming crying in under a minute! And, SNOO's extra-safe sleep sack keeps your baby securely on the back, giving all the benefits of swaddling...while preventing risky rolling. Dr. Harvey Karp SNOO is based on 20+ years of research by America’s #1 pediatrician, author of Happiest Baby on the Block and creator of the 5S’s. Watch How SNOO Works Real Parents, Real Success “ At 8 weeks old, our girl was sleeping through the night! Kaeli - California Watch “ Oh my god, what an amazing product! Amaris - Illinois Watch “ Sleep deprivation is torture. SNOO is so worth it. Kate - Minnesota Watch “ Gave us peace of mind and much needed rest. Kara - West Virginia Watch Why Babies Love SNOO SNOO imitates the sounds and movements of your baby’s favorite place—the womb!—to automatically calm crying and increase sleep. Learn More Fully Integrated Mobile App Fully Integrated Mobile App Daily sleep reports (parents love watching baby’s sleep get better and better!) Dr. Karp’s expert advice…at your fingertips! A variety of helpful settings to customize your baby’s experience SNOO Naturally Sleep-Trains Babies SNOO helps your baby to become an independent sleeper...with little need to "cry-it-out." The result: By 3 months, most babies sleep 9+ hours a night! Plus, our weaning mode makes transitioning to the crib a breeze! Learn More Ready for more sleep? Find out for yourself why parents love SNOO: Rent SNOO for just dollars a day...or take advantage of our 30-day trial when you buy SNOO! Buy Now Rent Now Why Rent? More Products Parents Love Sleepea® 5-Second Baby Swaddle $29.95 Shop Now SNOObear® 3-in-1 White Noise Lovey From $47.96 - $59.95 Shop Now 100% Organic Long-Sleeve Baby Bodysuit Bundle From $11.98 - $29.95 Shop Now 100% Organic Cotton SNOO Baby Bassinet Fitted Sheet $19.95 Shop Now World's Most Awarded Baby Bed Featured In See Our Press SNOO Smart Sleeper The 5 S's Mission Founders Team Careers SNOO Safety and Security SNOO User Guide FDA SNOO Reviews Press SNOO Videos Wholesale Inquiry Employee Benefit Program For Healthcare Professionals Affiliates Sustainability Contact Us Rental Return Product Registration Shipping and Returns Refer-A-Friend Military Discount Founders Mission Team Careers The 5 S's In the Press Military Discount Wholesale Inquiry Employee Benefit Program Healthcare Program Affiliates FDA SNOO Reviews Rental Return SNOO Smart Sleeper SNOO Safety and Security SNOO Videos Product Registration Shipping and Returns Refer-A-Friend Life Insurance SNOO User Guide Contact Us Sustainability Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Accessibility Legal Cookie Preferences Copyright © 2024 Happiest Baby, Inc | All Rights Reserved All third party trademarks (including names, logos, and icons) referenced by Happiest Baby remain the property of their respective owners. Unless specifically identified as such, Happiest Baby’s use of third party trademarks does not indicate any relationship, sponsorship, or endorsement between Happiest Baby and the owners of these trademarks. Any references by Happiest Baby to third party trademarks are to identify the corresponding third party goods and/or services and shall be considered nominative fair use under the trademark law. You've unlocked free shipping! 🎉* You are $ away from free shipping! × 🏆 Yay! All orders over $30 qualify for a FREE Sleepea 🎁 Use code GWPSLEEPEA30 and add Rose Planets Sleepea (Size Large)! Your Cart is Empty Continue Shopping × × Final Sale Estimated Ship Date: - - + × Final Sale Estimated Ship Date: - - + × Final Sale Estimated Ship Date: - - + You may also like View Previous View Next Subtotal Shipping, taxes, and discounts calculated at checkout In the 48 contiguous United States, customers will be charged $59.50 + tax for the shipment of SNOO back to Happiest Baby. Added charges will apply for shipping to and from Alaska and Hawaii. * An additional $185 shipping fee will be applied to SNOO purchases sent to Hawaii and Alaska. Checkout |