Bosa Themes – Bosa Theme Shop Skip to content Shoppable Pro: Introductory Offer, get a Discount in all plan. Get Now Top Bar Primary Menu Home Pricing Support Documentation Contact Us Apply for Affiliates Themes Plugins Blog Account Buy Pro Buy Pro The Most Innovative, Fast And Super Charged Multipurpose WordPress Themes Ready to try a Professional WordPress Theme you’ll actually enjoy using? No coding knowledge needed, intuitive, only drag & drop buy pro theme view all themes Our Free WordPress themes Beautiful, fast, lightweight, responsive, extremely customizable, multipurpose theme that built with the WordPress Page Builder Elementor and Gutenberg. Shoppable Fashion Download Eye view details Hello Shoppable Download Eye view details Bosa Digital Marketing Download Eye view details bosa Restaurant Cafe Download Eye view details Bosa Real Estate Download Eye view details Bosa Rental Car Download Eye view details View All Themes Premium WordPress themes Our Pro themescomes with more functionalities, features, options and additional demos. Bosa Pro MULTIPURPOSE BUSINESS THEME Bosa Pro is multipurpose theme with beautifully crafted design. Bosa Pro is beautiful, fast, lightweight, responsive, extremely customizable, multipurpose theme. Buy now Explore demos VIEW DETAILS Shoppable Pro ECOMMERCE SHOP PLUGIN Shoppable Pro is multipurpose eCommerce theme with beautifully crafted design. It is fast, lightweight, responsive, extremely customizable, multipurpose eCommerce sites. Buy now Explore demos VIEW DETAILS awesome theme features theme that you can customize everything Our themes have modern customising option. With the help of its smart framework, you can easily set a customise everything! site layout Pick the way you want the site layout to meet your dream website projects. archive layout Blogging experience with features specially designed for increased user experience. typography option It gives you the freedom to change the typography in each part of your website. color option It gives you the ability to manage and access your color and background options. built in with multiple header layouts Build easily in seconds any type of header you have just imagined with our intuitive header layout options. 14 header layouts multiple footer layout customization option Change the footer style, add your social channels or set a nice parallax , color , image background and many more. 10 footer layouts designed to work with the best page builders Built to work with your favorite page builders. Just start creating your most ambitious designs. Gutenberg elementor BUILT WITH ELEMENTOR The World’s Leading WordPress Page Builder Elementor is using by 5M+ people. Create pixel perfect designs, fast and easy. Say hi to intuitive and incredibly customizable experience with leading page builder. get pre-built awesome Home & inner pages Use pre-built unique, modern, clean and complex layouts . Just download and import the pre-built templates to your projects. get started Buy theme 1 % speed score 100 % speed score 1 % YSlow Score 98 % YSlow Score 1 % speed score 98 % speed score 1 % performance grade 99 % performance grade A ultra Theme Built for best performance and Speed Our themes can load less than a second on a default WordPress installation. It is lighter and faster than most similar WordPress themes. Many customers use our themes to build their websites! We’ve made sure it scores top results on PageSpeed Insights performance tests. WooCommerce Integration Fully integrated with WooCommerce, with extra customization options that will help you create your dream store in minutes. powerful plugins compatibility Crafted to be compatible with various plugins. powerful plugins compatibility Crafted to be compatible with various plugins. eye catching and super responsive It is fully responsive to all types of devices. Quick and easy to use, many customers use our themes to build their websites!! Top-notch features included Checkout the awesome features and services for you! Lightning FastFeels fast and numbers confirm that, it is scores top results in the speed test. clear documentationClear and detailed Online documentation will covers every aspect. one click demo importYou love to start the process at the same starting point as the theme demo page is! multilingual compatibleWe have taken care of multi-language website due to globalization. dedicated supportOur Support team will quickly resolve your queries. Pro theme users will get the priority support. gutenberg compatibleBuilt with full Gutenberg and Classic editor compatibility. SEO OptimizedDesigned and developed to make search engine friendly. customization servicesWe provide on-demand customization service for anything related to WordPress Themes. words from real people What our users says about us. Our themes are used by many customers with the 4.9 average rating from new and returning buyers! I like the layout. And when I had an issue, I got a helpful reply even though I am not paying for the pro version. Karenjh2 Theme User I like the theme & support is really fast & useful. Celtinvest Theme User I'm a novice to WordPress and this theme has made it extremely easy to create my site. The support has also been very responsive and helpful. Highly recommend theme. Paul Sohn Theme User Very clean & neat layout. Also, I love the support! The team is awesome, has a lot of patience & is really helpful! Simone lai Theme User Thank you guys… very professional… Regards from Croatia Gordankersin Theme User This is an excellent theme. It is simple to use & extremely user friendly. The help guide too is simple & neat. However, what I liked most is their support. I had a couple of challenges and they resolved it instantly. Reggie22 Theme User view all reviews Switch to pro theme for better features! Plans available for various requirements : from Single Site for Personal to Unlimited Sites for Agency. UPGRADE TO PRO Bosa is beautiful, fast, lightweight, responsive, extremely customizable, multipurpose theme that built with the WordPress Page Builder Elementor and Gutenberg. InformationFeatures Free Vs Pro Starter Demos SupportDocumentation FAQ Contact Us CompanyAffiliate Program Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2021-2024 BosaThemes | Built with Bosa Theme | Powered by WordPress This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.ACCEPTREJECTRead MoreCookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT