USAFacts | Nonpartisan Government Data USAFacts Crime Economy Education Health Population All topics Explore articles, data and trends by topic Crime Defense and security Economy Education Environment Government Health Population Reports About What makes USAFacts different About USAFacts Editorial Guidelines Sorry, we did not find any matching results. We frequently add data and we're interested in what would be useful to people. If you have a specific recommendation, you can reach us at [email protected]. We are in the process of adding data at the state and local level. Sign up on our mailing list here to be the first to know when it is available. Search tips: • Check your spelling • Try other search terms • Use fewer words See All Results USAFacts Close Crime Economy Education Health Population All topics Reports About Crime Defense and security Economy Education Environment Government Health Population About USAFacts Editorial Guidelines Our nation, in numbers Our nation, in numbers Government data to drive fact-based discussion Government data to drive fact-based discussion Explore the Issues Trending Foreign-owned debt Murder rates Teacher pay State of the Union in Numbers: A nonpartisan, data-driven snapshot Explore the data Are fentanyl overdose deaths rising in the US? See your state What are the current swing states and how have they changed over time? Read more About USAFacts USAFacts is a not-for-profit, nonpartisan civic initiative making government data easy for all Americans to access and understand. We provide accessible analysis on US spending and outcomes in order to ground public debates in facts. Explore the Data Government Finances Security & Safety Economy People & Society Explore the Topics Health Crime & Justice Education Economy Explore our Reports Articles Visualizations Reports Featured Content Visualization Our Changing Population How has the population changed in the US? Understand the shifts in demographic trends with these charts visualizing decades of local population data. Explore your county Newsletter Data delivered to your inbox Keep up with the latest data and most popular content. Crime Most firearm deaths are suicides In 2021, 54% of firearm deaths in the US were suicides. See the data Retirement Half of American households have no retirement savings In 2019, about half of American households had no savings in retirement accounts. How do you compare? Crime Gun homicides have reached rates not seen since the 1990s In 2021, 81% of all homicides in the US were due to firearm-related injuries. Explore the trends Do you know the data? Weekly Fact Quiz Explore the most recent reports and articles to see how the nation’s been — and then test your knowledge. Take the quiz Recent Articles Population and society How many US passports are in circulation? Government Dates to know for the 2024 presidential election Population and society How long does family-based immigration to the US take? Economy How much money do lawyers make? Population and society Where do international adoptees come from? Economy Is there a labor shortage in the US? Economy Are Americans moving on from dairy? Defense and security How many people are in the US military? A demographic overview Population and society Who funds the FAA? You, whenever you fly Education How many students are harassed or bullied? View More Find USAFacts at Noteworthy Data Population 333.29 million 2022 Explore the data Families in poverty 7.42 million 2021 Explore the data Violent crimes 1.31 million 2020 Explore the data Percent of adults with obesity 32.04% 2021 Explore the data Presidential voting rate compared to total voting-age population 61.3% 2020 Explore the data State of the Union In Numbers A data-driven, nonpartisan snapshot of the state of our union. Explore the State of the Union Explore the Data Government Finances View All Federal debt held by public as percent of GDP 97.7% 2021 Explore the data Debt ceiling $31.38 trillion 2021 Explore the data Percent of federal debt held by public that is foreign-owned 40.28% 2019 Explore the data Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) net profit $8.5 billion 2017 Explore the data Security & Safety View All Active duty military members 1.3 million 2022 Explore the data Barrels of crude oil produced 4.46 billion 2019 Explore the data Firearms licenses 130,546 2019 Explore the data Foster care population at end of year 391,098 2021 Explore the data Economy View All Median annual wage $46,310 2022 Explore the data Gross domestic product $27.36 trillion 2023 Explore the data Corporate income taxes paid $257.13 billion 2019 Explore the data Existing home sales 5.03 million 2022 Explore the data People & Society View All Visas granted 6.82 million 2022 Explore the data Life expectancy in years 78.8 2019 Explore the data Social Security average retirement monthly benefit $1,759.67 2023 Explore the data Average number of people in a family 3.13 2022 Explore the data Newsletter Data delivered to your inbox Keep up with the latest data and most popular content. In The News Steve Ballmer’s USAFacts releases new stats on American crime, jobs, population and more How child care shortages are challenging plans to return to the office Steve Ballmer Is Building a ‘Moneyball’ for Government USAFacts releases its America in Facts report for 2022 USAFacts Highlights the Impact of Rising Child Care Costs on Low-Income Families in America USAFacts founder and former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer on the State of the Union in numbers Our nation, in numbers USAFacts is a not-for-profit, nonpartisan civic initiative making government data easy for all Americans to access and understand. Topics to explore Crime Defense and security Economy Education Environment Government Health Population More About USAFacts Reports Editorial Guidelines Data Sources FAQ © 2024 USAFacts. All rights reserved. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service SIGN UP FOR THE NEWSLETTER Close Newsletter Data delivered to your inbox Keep up with the latest data and most popular content.