Voyager NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory California Institute of Technology Voyager Home News Mission Overview Status Science Timeline Spacecraft Golden Record Overview The Cover The Contents The Making of Galleries Downloads Where Are They Now FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Fact Sheet Fast Facts Q & A with Ed Stone Skip Navigation menu and search Jet Propulsion Laboratory California Institute of Technology Voyager close menu menu home news mission Overview Status Science Timeline Spacecraft golden record Overview The Cover The Contents The Making of galleries Downloads where are they now FAQs frequently asked questions fact sheet Fast Facts Q&A with Ed Stone NASA’s Voyager Team Focuses on Software Patch, Thrusters The efforts should help extend the lifetimes of the agency’s interstellar explorers. Read more NASA Mission Update: Voyager 2 Communications Pause Once the spacecraft's antenna is realigned with Earth, communications should resume. Read more NASA's Voyager Will Do More Science With New Power Strategy The plan will keep Voyager 2's science instruments turned on a few years longer than previously anticipated, enabling yet more revelations from interstellar space. Read more Edward Stone Retires After 50 Years as NASA Voyager's Project Scientist Stone's remarkable tenure on NASA's longest-operating mission spans decades of historic discoveries and firsts. Read more Voyager, NASA's Longest-Lived Mission, Logs 45 Years in Space Launched in 1977, the twin Voyager probes are NASA's longest-operating mission and the only spacecraft ever to explore interstellar space. Read more Voyager 1 Distance from Earth This is a real-time indicator of Voyager 1's distance from Earth in astronomical units (AU) and either miles (mi) or kilometers (km). Note: Because Earth moves around the sun faster than Voyager 1 is speeding away from the inner solar system, the distance between Earth and the spacecraft actually decreases at certain times of year. Voyager 1 Distance from Earth Voyager 1 Distance from Sun This is a real-time indicator of Voyager 1's straight-line distance from the sun in astronomical units (AU) and either miles (mi) or kilometers (km). Voyager 1 Distance from Sun Voyager 1 One-Way Light Time This tells how long it would take a radio signal transmitted right now, traveling at the speed of light, to get either from Earth to Voyager 1 or from Voyager 1 to Earth. Voyager 1 One-Way Light Time (hh:mm:ss) Voyager 1 Cosmic Ray Data This meter depicts readings by Voyager 1's cosmic ray instrument. The instrument detects charged particles that dominate inside the bubble our sun blows around itself (green) and charged particles that dominate outside our solar bubble (orange). Data from this instrument suggested that Voyager 1 entered interstellar space on Aug. 25, 2012, when the inside particles (green) dipped closer to 0.0 and the outside particles (orange) rose to above 2.0. Voyager 1 Cosmic Ray Data Voyager 2 Distance from the Earth This is a real-time indicator of Voyager 2's distance from Earth in astronomical units (AU) and either miles (mi) or kilometers (km). Note: Because Earth moves around the sun faster than Voyager 2 is speeding away from the inner solar system, the distance between Earth and the spacecraft actually decreases at certain times of year. Voyager 2 Distance from Earth Voyager 2 Distance from the Sun This is a real-time indicator of Voyager 2's distance from the sun in astronomical units (AU) and either miles (mi) or kilometers (km). Voyager 2 Distance from Sun Voyager 2 One-Way Light Time This tells how long it would take a radio signal transmitted right now, traveling at the speed of light, to get either from Earth to Voyager 2 or from Voyager 2 to Earth. Voyager 2 One-Way Light Time (hh:mm:ss) Voyager 2 Cosmic Ray Data This meter depicts readings by Voyager 2's cosmic ray instrument. The instrument detects charged particles that dominate inside the bubble our sun blows around itself (green) and charged particles that dominate outside our solar bubble (orange). Data from this instrument suggested that Voyager 2 entered interstellar space on November 5, 2018, when the inside particles (green) dipped closer to 0.0 and the outside particles (orange) rose to above 2.0. Voyager 2 Cosmic Ray Data IMP MET scroll for more What's Happening Now featured News Videos Images INTERACT IN 3D. Take a deeper look at the sophisticated systems and instruments that deliver the stunning science and images from the solar system. The Spacecraft The Voyager spacecraft have been exploring the solar system and beyond for decades. Dive deep into the journey with this interactive timeline. The Mission Timeline Examine the contents of the golden record that were selected for NASA by a committee chaired by Carl Sagan of Cornell University. The Golden Record Learn more about Voyager NEWS | December 12, 2023 Engineers are working to resolve an issue with one of Voyager 1’s three onboard computers, called the flight data system (FDS). Engineers Working to Resolve Issue With Voyager 1 Co... NEWS | October 23, 2023 The efforts should help extend the lifetimes of the agency's interstellar explorers. NASA’s Voyager Team Focuses on Software Patch, Thrus... NEWS | July 28, 2023 Once the spacecraft's antenna is realigned with Earth, communications should resume. NASA Mission Update: Voyager 2 Communications Pause more news For the past 30 years, NASA's Voyager twins have phoned home everyday, sending snapshots and stories that shaped our view of the solar system. Voyager at 40: Keep Reaching for the Stars In the late summer of 1977, NASA launched the twin Voyager spacecraft. These remote ambassadors still beam messages back to Earth 40 years later, with data from their deep space travels. Voyager — Humanity's Farthest Journey Heartfelt messages to Voyager as it enters interstellar space. Message to Voyager: Welcome to Interstellar Space more videos The Voyager 1 and 2 spacecraft explored Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune before starting their journey toward interstellar space. Here you'll find some of those iconic images. Images Voyager Took Many people were instrumental in the design, development and manufacturing of the golden record. This gallery showcases their hard work. Making of the Golden Record View the collection of photographs and diagrams using physical references that are likely to be consistent anywhere in the universe as well as music from different cultures and eras. Images on the Golden Record more images Posters Download the Voyager 40th Anniversary posters. Download Get the JPL Newsletter Follow JPL All home news mission Overview Status Science Timeline Spacecraft downloads golden record Overview The Cover The Contents The Making of Galleries Videos Making of the Golden Record Images on the Golden Record Galleries of Images Voyager Took Images of Voyager Illustrations Where Are They Now FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Fact Sheet Fast Facts Q&A with Ed Stone Social Personal Stories from the Mission Message to Voyager NASA | Caltech | Privacy | Image Policy | FAQ | Feedback Site Manager: Jon Nelson Webmasters: Anil Natha, Luis Espinoza