The Paleo Diet: The Strong and Healthy Diet Skip to Content Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Recipes Articles Frequently Asked Questions Resources For Providers About Us Why Paleo? Why Paleo? Feel Vibrant Improve Health Enhance Performance Compare The Paleo Diet to Other Diets Suggested Articles The Paleo Diet: Designed by Nature, Built By Science The Ultimate Benefits of Going Paleo I Tried The Paleo Diet® for 30 Days and Here’s What Happened Try The Paleo Diet Try The Paleo Diet What is the Paleo Diet? How The Paleo Diet Improves Health Plans & Instructions Is It Paleo? Suggested Articles Our Most Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Explaining The Paleo Diet 85/15 Principle What Can You Eat on The Paleo Diet? Live The Paleo Diet Lifestyle Live The Paleo Diet Lifestyle Recipes and Grocery Lists Symptoms and Food Sensitivities Athletes and Performance Introducing TRUEPALEO™ & PaleoFLEX™ What to Eat This Week Suggested Articles How to Practice the Paleo Diet Stevia, Monkfruit, Maple Syrup, and Honey: Are Natural Sweeteners Paleo? Paleo: The Diet You Can Actually Stick With Partner With Us Partner With Us Licensing The Paleo Diet® Brand TRUEPALEO™ and PaleoFLEX™ Food Certification Suggested Articles The Paleo Diet® Marks 20-Year Anniversary The Paleo Diet® Partners with Where Food Comes From Certified Piedmontese Becomes First Food Brand to Be Certified By The Paleo Diet® Search search topics, recipes, is coffee Paleo? submit The Strong and Healthy Diet When others say “diet,” they mean lose weight. “Diet,” to us, means a way of eating that results in gains. Strength gains, health gains. The stuff that helps you feel forever capable of doing what you want to do — and being who you want to be: parent, partner, friend, lover, team member, caretaker, human, etc. That’s what makes The Paleo Diet different from any other diet. A diet is something to “go on.” The Paleo Diet is something to live on. Feel Vibrant Clear skin, better sleep, mental clarity. As you start following the principles of The Paleo Diet, these are some of the first things you’ll notice. See More Improve Health The Paleo Diet naturally reduces inflammation, strengthens immunity, and helps fight diseases like Type-2 Diabetes and autoimmune disorders. See More Enhance Performance More energy, better endurance, and improved recovery. That’s why so many active people — and athletes — choose The Paleo Diet to fuel their pursuits. See More See how simple it can be to try The Paleo Diet. Download the Guide Let’s Pioneer a Simpler, Healthier Way to Paleo. We’ve spent two years developing science-based standards for Paleo-Certified foods to clear up confusion in the marketplace and help make better nutrition more accessible. Join us in helping more people live better, healthier lives. Learn About Partnering With Us The Paleo Diet Newsletter Sign up to get weekly info on healthy nutrition, free recipes, weekly meal plans, and new research. * indicates required Delicious recipes for any occasion Browse our collection of healthy, Paleo recipes. Vegan Green Smoothie Bowl Spring Cobb Salad with Honey Mustard Dressing Instant Pot Butter Chicken Double Berry Mocktail Dragon Fruit Mango Smoothie Rainbow Popsicles Green Goddess Guacamole PaleoFLEX™ Tortilla Chips with Guacamole Pico de Gallo Explore more recipes How naturally strong and healthy humans ate — and eat. It’s simple: our bodies thrive on the foods we evolved to eat; like fresh fruits and vegetables, fish, grass produced meats, free-range poultry and eggs, nuts, and certain oils. The Paleo Diet is a flexible, science-based approach to eating the optimal foods that fuel a healthy body. Learn more Why The Paleo Diet Ignores the Ratios of Carbohydrates, Protein, and Fat READ The Paleo Diet: Designed by Nature, Built By Science READ More Is It Paleo? Is Coffee Paleo? Why Coffee Is Healthy for Most People READ Is Wine Good for You? Why Sulfites in Wine Are Unhealthy READ More From Our Experts Read the recent posts from the creators of The Paleo Diet The DASH Diet vs. The Paleo Diet: Which Is Better for Hypertension? The Mediterranean Diet vs. The Paleo Diet: Which Should You Follow? The Best (and Worst) Foods for Digestive Health Why Paleo Try The Paleo Diet Live The Paleo Diet Lifestyle Partner With Us Recipes From Our Experts Resources About Us Contact Us pinterest facebook twitter instagram linkedin The content on this website is provided for educational purposes only and should not be considered medical advice. See our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for more information. Copyright © 2023 The Paleo Diet. All Rights Reserved. “The Paleo Diet” is a registered trademark. back to top