Disney Wiki | Fandom Disney Wiki Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Films Animated films Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs Sleeping Beauty The Little Mermaid Aladdin Beauty and the Beast The Lion King Tangled Frozen Pixar films Toy Story Monsters, Inc. Coco Ratatouille WALL-E Inside Out Onward Live-action films Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny Haunted Mansion Mary Poppins Who Framed Roger Rabbit TRON The Marvels Alice in Wonderland Star Wars: The Last Jedi Disney+ Lady and the Tramp Peter Pan & Wendy Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Candace Against the Universe Godmothered Soul Luca Turning Red Upcoming Inside Out 2 Sister Act 3: Kicking the Habit Snow White Delilah Dirk and the Turkish Lieutenant Deadpool & Wolverine TV Disney Channel Kim Possible Phineas and Ferb Elena of Avalor Tangled: The Series Spider-Man Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur Star Wars Resistance Amphibia The Owl House Hailey's On It! Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Funhouse The Lion Guard Doc McStuffins Sofia the First Miles from Tomorrowland Alice's Wonderland Bakery Spidey and his Amazing Friends Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures Disney Afternoon DuckTales Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers TaleSpin Darkwing Duck Timon & Pumbaa Aladdin Gargoyles Disney+ The Mandalorian Ahsoka Percy Jackson and the Olympians Echo The Proud Family: Louder and Prouder Goosebumps Upcoming X-Men '97 Twisted Wonderland Wizards Kindergarten the Musical Spider-Man: Freshman Year Ariel Video Games Classic games DuckTales Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers Castle of Illusion QuackShot Darkwing Duck The Magical Quest Aladdin Modern games Kingdom Hearts Disney Magical World Disney Magic Kingdoms Disney Emoji Blitz Disney Heroes: Battle Mode Community Recent Blogs Users Staff Requests for Moderator Requests for Administrator Requests for Bureaucrat Policies Vandalism Manual of Style Infoboxes Photo Policies Image Organization Image Voting Image Submission Affiliates FANDOM Fan Central BETA Games Anime Movies TV Video Wikis Explore Wikis Community Central Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In FANDOM Explore Current Wiki Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In Advertisement Sign In Register 100 YEARS of WONDER 51,952pages Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Films Animated films Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs Sleeping Beauty The Little Mermaid Aladdin Beauty and the Beast The Lion King Tangled Frozen Pixar films Toy Story Monsters, Inc. Coco Ratatouille WALL-E Inside Out Onward Live-action films Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny Haunted Mansion Mary Poppins Who Framed Roger Rabbit TRON The Marvels Alice in Wonderland Star Wars: The Last Jedi Disney+ Lady and the Tramp Peter Pan & Wendy Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Candace Against the Universe Godmothered Soul Luca Turning Red Upcoming Inside Out 2 Sister Act 3: Kicking the Habit Snow White Delilah Dirk and the Turkish Lieutenant Deadpool & Wolverine TV Disney Channel Kim Possible Phineas and Ferb Elena of Avalor Tangled: The Series Spider-Man Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur Star Wars Resistance Amphibia The Owl House Hailey's On It! Disney Junior Mickey Mouse Funhouse The Lion Guard Doc McStuffins Sofia the First Miles from Tomorrowland Alice's Wonderland Bakery Spidey and his Amazing Friends Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures Disney Afternoon DuckTales Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers TaleSpin Darkwing Duck Timon & Pumbaa Aladdin Gargoyles Disney+ The Mandalorian Ahsoka Percy Jackson and the Olympians Echo The Proud Family: Louder and Prouder Goosebumps Upcoming X-Men '97 Twisted Wonderland Wizards Kindergarten the Musical Spider-Man: Freshman Year Ariel Video Games Classic games DuckTales Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers Castle of Illusion QuackShot Darkwing Duck The Magical Quest Aladdin Modern games Kingdom Hearts Disney Magical World Disney Magic Kingdoms Disney Emoji Blitz Disney Heroes: Battle Mode Community Recent Blogs Users Staff Requests for Moderator Requests for Administrator Requests for Bureaucrat Policies Vandalism Manual of Style Infoboxes Photo Policies Image Organization Image Voting Image Submission Affiliates English العربية Cebuano Dansk Deutsch Español Suomi Français Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Português do Brasil Română Русский Srpski (latinica) Svenska Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Home View source View history Talk (130) Welcome to the Disney Wiki Recent changes / Current events / Community portal Other languages: Deutsch / Français / Norsk / Español / Italiano / 日本語 / Русский / Türkçe / Português / العَرَبِية / Nederlands / 中文 There have been 51,952 articles written since May 8, 2005. The Disney Wiki is a free, public, and collaborative encyclopedia for everything related to Walt Disney and the Disney corporation: theme parks, film companies, television networks, films, characters, and more. The wiki format allows anyone to create or edit any article, so we can all work together to create a comprehensive database for Disney fans. Check out the Help pages to get started! Explore the Wiki Animated Features Explore Disney's rich heritage of animated stories. Read more > Animated Shorts Join Mickey, Donald, Goofy and the gang on their adventures. Read more > TV and Streaming Enjoy the wonders of Disney from the comfort of your own home or on the go. Read more > Disney Parks Disney theme parks around the world are where the magic comes to life. Read more > Live-action filmsPixarThe MuppetsMarvelStar Wars20th CenturyCharactersLocationsSongsComicsAlbumsVideo gamesStagePeopleTimeline Featured Video Iwájú - Official Trailer - Disney+IwájúMoana 2 - First Look AnnouncementMoana 2Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes - Official TrailerKingdom of the Planet of the Apes Did You Know... Descendants: The Rise of Red will premiere in Summer 2024 on Disney+.[1] The first season of X-Men '97 will premiere on March 20, 2024 on Disney+.[2] Percy Jackson and the Olympians has been renewed for a second season based on the second book, The Sea of Monsters.[3] Bob Iger confirmed that Zootopia 2 will be released on November 26, 2025, Toy Story 5 on June 19, 2026, and Frozen III on November 25, 2026.[4] Moana 2 is coming to theatres in November 27, 2024.[5] Sources ↑ "China Anne McClain Says Returning for New Descendants Film Was Very 'Healing' — See the First Look (Exclusive)". People.com. Retrieved on March 5, 2024. ↑ "X-Men Show Reboot Finally Gets Release Date Announcement After 3 Year Wait". screenrant. Retrieved on February 15, 2024. ↑ "Percy Jackson and the Olympians Renewed at Disney+". hollywoodreporter.com (February 7, 2024). ↑ ThwiptT on Twitter - February 7, 2024 ↑ ‘Moana 2’ Is Happening Says Disney’s Bob Iger Featured Screenshot "In The Heist" Dedication An empire built on the imagination of Walt Disney and millions of other minds, The Walt Disney Company has always been a jewel in the world of entertainment and beyond. For years with its timeless stories, memorable characters, and breathtaking innovations, Disney has touched the hearts of fans and audiences all over the world. Socials Twitter Twitter Discord If you see this, your JavaScript might be disabled or DiscordIntegrator plugin isn't working. If the latter, please contact a wiki administrator. Article of the Week Crosshair (birth number CT-9904) is a minor character in Star Wars: The Clone Wars, and the secondary antagonist turnerd anti-hero of Star Wars: The Bad Batch. Read more... Featured Poster Star Wars: The Bad Batch Featured Quote “We toons may act idiotic, but we're not stupid. We demand justice. Why, the real meaning of the word probably hits you like a ton of bricks!” ―Roger Rabbit[src] Affiliates Be sure to check out and edit all the amazingly wonderful affiliates associated with the Disney wiki! Read More... Help the Disney Wiki Before editing, please read the Disney Wiki:Do's and Don'ts page for what is allowed and what is not allowed. Check out the new Forum for current issues. Feeling chatty? Come to the Discord Channel to chat about anything proper! You can also add articles, pictures, and galleries, as long as they don't violate any policies. You can also go the Community portal and its breakdown page to see what is currently needed. Any help on expanding our very large collection of stub articles would also be greatly appreciated. Also, check out the Community for recent blogs and the sitenotice as well! Read More... Disney ChannelDisney XD Disney Channel Wikis Disney Channel • Adventures in Babysitting • A.N.T. Farm • Annie • Austin & Ally • Camp Rock • Cloud 9 • Code 9 • Cory in the House • Descendants • Descendants: Wicked World • Dog With a Blog • Dick Tracy • Elena of Avalor • Fairest of the Mall • Fish Hooks • Frenemies • Girls Meets World • Good Luck Charlie • Gravity Falls • Hannah Montana • High School Musical • I Didn't Do It • JESSIE • J.O.N.A.S. • Kim Possible • Let it Shine • Liv and Maddie • Lucky Fred • Mickey Mouse • My Babysitter's a Vampire • Phineas and Ferb • PJ Masks • Shake It Up • Sofia the First • Sonny With a Chance/So Random! • Suite Life Series • Teen Beach Movie • That's So Raven • Violetta • Wizards of Waverly Place • Wander Over Yonder It's a Laugh Productions • Create your own TV wiki! Disney XD Shows Go to these sites for info or for help with your own wiki! The 7D • Aaron Stone • Avengers Assemble • The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes • Atomic Puppet • Bandbudh Aur Budbak • Big City Greens • Big Hero 6: The Series • Billy Dilley's Super Duper Subterranean Summer • Commando Crash • Crash & Bernstein • DuckTales • Fangbone! • Future-Worm! • Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything • Gaming Show (In My Parents' Garage) • Gravity Falls • Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H. • Guardians of the Galaxy • I'm in the Band • Kick Buttowski: Surburban Daredevil • Kickin' It • Kirby Buckets • Lab Rats • Lab Rats: Elite Force • Lucky Fred • Marvel's Spider-Man • MECH-X4 • Mighty Med • Milo Murphy's Law • Motorcity • Pair of Kings • Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero • Phineas and Ferb • Pickle and Peanut • Randy Cunningham: 9th Grade Ninja • The Savages • Star Wars Rebels • Star vs. the Forces of Evil • TRON: Uprising • Two More Eggs • Ultimate Spider-Man • Wander Over Yonder • Xiaolin Chronicles • Yo-kai Watch • Zeke and Luther Languages العربية Cebuano Dansk Deutsch Español Suomi Français Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Português do Brasil Română Русский Srpski (latinica) Svenska Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. More Fandoms Fantasy Disney Advertisement Fan Feed More Disney Wiki 1 2024 2 Inside Out 2 3 Once Upon a Studio Explore properties Fandom Muthead Fanatical Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Community Community Central Support Help Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Disney Wiki is a FANDOM Movies Community. View Mobile Site Follow on IG TikTok Join Fan Lab