Homepage - European Disability Forum Menu European Disability Forum Report Discrimination Easy to read Faq Search Member area About us Who we are? Our Statutes Members Executive Committee Board Secretariat Committees and Expert Groups EDF Strategic Framework 2021 – 2025 Our work Policy Standards Projects Ukraine COVID19 Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Campaigns EU Disability Card European Elections 2024 Forced Sterilisation in the EU Ukraine Stopping coercion in Mental Health European Elections 2024 Our campaign for European Elections 2024 Pledge for candidates in the EU elections 2024 Manifesto European Elections 2024 EPPD – Disability Parliament Making elections campaigns accessible Events Resources Your rights in the EU Human Rights Report Publications & Webinars Latest newsletters Grants & Funding Legal cases Newsroom News Disability Realities Media coverage Disability Intergroup Donate Welcome to EDF We are an umbrella organisation of persons with disabilities that defends the interests of over 100 million persons with disabilities in Europe. We are an independent non-governmental organisation (NGO) that brings together representative organisations of persons with disabilities from across Europe. We are run by persons with disabilities and their families. We are a strong united voice of persons with disabilities in Europe. Nothing about us without us! Our work Latest news Our latest news March 01, 2024 | Women and girls Manifesto: Women and girls with disabilities must be recognised as leaders and changemakers Today, the European Disability Forum (EDF) launched its third manifesto on the rights of women and girls with... Read more March 01, 2024 | Women and girls Malta becomes the 10th EU country to criminalise forced sterilisation of persons with disabilities We welcome Malta’s change in law that finally criminalises the forced sterilisation of women and girls with disabilities.... Read more February 27, 2024 | Ukraine EU funding plan for Ukraine reconstruction: Disability rights (mostly) included The compromise agreement on setting up the Ukraine Facility Regulation, a new dedicated instrument to support Ukraine’s recovery,... Read more More news The 5th European Parliament of Persons with Disabilities The European Parliament of Persons with Disabilities took place on 23 May 2023 and reunited over 700 disability advocates, policymakers and other stakeholders. It was hosted at the hemicycle of the European Parliament in Brussels and it served as a platform to discuss the rights of persons with disabilities and decided on the political demands of the European Disability Movement. Photo album of the EPPD Manifesto on the European Elections 2024 If you couldn’t follow it live, watch the summary video of the EPPD below. Join us in our events 26 Mar.2024 2nd OPD Workshop - March 26, 2024 Date and Time: Tuesday, March 26, 2024, from 14:00 to 16:00 (Central European Time) Location: Online - Zoom ... Read more 28 Feb.2024 1st OPD Workshop - February 28, 2024 Organisers: European Disability Forum (EDF) and Global Disability Summit (GDS) Secretariat Audience (by invite-only): Organisations of Persons with Disabilities (OPDs) from Europe... Read more 01 Mar.2024 “Empower, leadership and political participation” – launch of EDF 3rd Manifesto on the Rights of Women and Girls with Disabilities. 1st March 2024 The European Disability Forum (EDF) is delighted to invite you to the launch of its third Manifesto on... Read more More events Ukraine: Protection and safety of persons with disabilities and their families Updates from EDF and its members and partners in Ukraine and surrounding countries. Visit our page to find out the latest information on the situation of persons with disabilities in Ukraine Page on Ukraine Our newsletters Subscribe to our Disability Voice – a monthly newsletter with an inside view on disability in Europe. Subscribe to our Women’s Voice – a monthly newsletter with updates on our work in advancing the rights of women with disabilities. Subscribe to our Global Action – a monthly newsletter with updates on our work in international cooperation. Subscribe to our “Artificial Intelligence and Disability” – a regular update on Artificial Intelligence, the EU’s policy perspectives and how we ensure that AI empowers people with disabilities and protects us from harm or discrimination. Contact detail EDF-FEPH, For more information, please contact our secretariat info@edf-feph.org Link Work with us Receive our newsletters Accessibility Statement EDF Privacy Statement Contact Code of Conduct Financial Information and Transparency EDF Policies Become a member instagram facebook twitter youtube Copyright @EDF-FEPH Funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union. Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them. Manage Cookie Consent This website uses cookies to give you the best experience. Not consenting or withdrawing consent may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent