The Lens - Free & Open Patent and Scholarly Search Please enable Javascript to use the Lens Retiring Internet Explorer With this release (V6.0) we have officially decided to end support for Internet Explorer. We still fully support Microsoft Edge, along with all other modern and standards compliant browsers (Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera). Menu Our Apps Patents Search and Analysis Our patent search capabilities offer advanced boolean functions, structured search, biological search, classification search, filtering and sorting options to find the most relevant and important patents. Create collections, alerts and visualisations to be annotated and shared. Start Using Watch Video Patents Search and Analysis Scholarly Works Search and Analysis Lens serves over 200 million scholarly records, compiled and harmonised from Microsoft Academic, PubMed and Crossref, enhanced with OpenAlex and UnPaywall open access information and links to ORCID. The full scholarly citation graph is provided for the first time as an open public resource. Start Using Scholarly Works Search and Analysis API & Data Bulk Data Access Access the full corpus of Lens scholarly works, biological sequences and patents using the flexibility and convenience of an API or bulk downloads. Perform and combine API search operations to programmatically retrieve results or download bulk sequence listings. Start Using API & Data Bulk Data Access PatSeq Explore Biological Sequences Search and analyse biological sequences disclosed in patents. This is the world’s largest publicly available database with internal transparency metrics. Choose among the 5 apps to search and analyse the DNA, RNA and protein sequences found in patents. Start Using Watch Video PatSeq Biological Toolset PatCite Discover Experts & Collaborators Analyze linkages between academic research and inventions. Explore which scholarly works have influenced what patents and who is using scholarly work to build products and services. Visualise important linkages and explore networks of collaborations. Start Using Watch Video PatCite Citation Analysis Lens Profiles User Profiles Lens Profiles are composite author/inventor profiles based on ORCID records and enhanced with aggregated data from various sources. Link your profile to update your ORCID record with additional scholarly works or patents from the Lens in just a few easy steps. Start Using Lens Profiles User Profiles Lens Reports Data Driven Report Builder Lens Reports is a new facility for creating evidence-based, open, sharable and reusable reports linked to real Lens data and analytics. The next evolution of Lens, search, collect, analyze, annotate and now present your findings in a flexible, data-driven reporting interface. Start Using Lens Reports Beta Report Builder In4M Mapping Influence of Scholarship The International Industry & Innovation Influence Mapping (In4M) uses citation-based metrics to map the influence of academic research on academia and enterprise. In4M explores, exposes and ranks the degree to which scholarly work output influences outcomes. Start Using Watch Video In4M Measuring Influence Release 9.0 Release 9.0: Introducing the Aggregation API, Bulk data API, Persian & Korean localisation and more!... Read Release Notes Pricing Feature Tour About Collective Action Institutional Toolkit Lens Labs What is the Lens Release Notes Lens Use Cases Our News Policies Support Center API Documentation English - EN Español - ES 中文简体 - ZH Português - PT Русский язык - RU 한국어 - KR Français - FR हिन्दी - HI Deutsch - DE 日本語 - JA Bahasa Indonesia - IN العَرَبِيَّة‎‎ - AR فارسی - FA Register Login Bridging Cultures Start Your Search Patents Scholarly Works Profiles Classifications Climate Landscapes Search Show More Options Explore global science and technology knowledge The Lens serves integrated scholarly and patent knowledge as a public good to inform science and technology enabled problem solving. Watch Explainer Video Take Tour Loading Lens... It takes a bit of work. Thanks for your patience Sign in to the Lens Email address or Username Password Keep me logged in Sign in Forgot Password? Register New Account or SignIn with LinkedIn SignIn with ORCID Language Improvements We have been busy updating our localisation and all existing languages. Much of these translations have been done using machine translation with a check from a native speaker, however not all elements of the UI have been checked for each language. If you see a term that is not translated correctly or should be improved, please contact Support. Help Us Translate Don't show again Feedback