SMU | World Changers Shaped Here Skip to main content SMU SMU Ignited Menu Search On SMU Giving Day, we show the world what Mustangs can do. Make Your Impact SMU and Dallas – where you can go all in on you Unleash your potential in a vibrant community that uniquely positions you for limitless opportunities. The optimistic outlook of Dallas is at the heart of SMU, and our enterprising spirit has helped shape Dallas into a global gateway for people of all backgrounds who want to change the world. Learn more Quick Links Undergraduate Admission Financial Assistance Application Deadlines FAQs Graduate Admission Research SMU Ignited: Boldly Shaping Tomorrow SMU Giving Day, March 5 SMU’s vibrant campus lies in the heart of Dallas. With Dallas as your classroom, get excited about how far you can go when you go all in! Visit SMU Apply to SMU Areas of study Accounting Arts Biochemistry ChemistryCreative Computing Dance Engineering History Human Rights International Studies Journalism Mathematics Music Physics Political Science PsychologyTheatre View all Majors & Minors Video Campus Tour with Students Ian and Abby Join SMU Admission Ambassadors Ian Perkins-Smith and Abby Johnson as they tour the SMU campus. Featured tour stops include the Boulevard, Gerald J. Ford Stadium, the Laura Lee Blanton Building, Dallas Hall and Fondren Library. Pony Up! You Belong Here See why applying to SMU is the first step in making your college experience one that defines your future success. Top 20% SMU ranked in the “Best National Universities” in the 2022 edition of U.S. News & World Report’s “Best Colleges”. 3 out of 4 Three out of every four undergraduate students receive scholarships and/or financial aid. With plenty of financial aid options available, 72% of students graduate without any student debt at all. #1 The Dallas area was named best big city for jobs by Forbes. SMU integrates internships and experiential learning opportunities outside of the classroom so you build experience before applying for a job. News Congressional leaders share support for Texoma Semiconductor Tech Hub at SMU event Congressional leaders are convinced that the Texoma Semiconductor Tech Hub, a regional consortium led by SMU, will be a game-changer for the North Texas and southern Oklahoma economy. SMU remembers former U.S. Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson for her dedication to a life of public service SMU mourns the loss of former U.S. Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson ’76, who passed away on December 31, 2023, at the age of 88. The first registered nurse elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, Johnson served Congress for 30 years and was the oldest serving member when she left office in January 2023. Southwestern Graduate School Of Banking Foundation Announces New Leadership William T. Chittenden, becomes 8th president and CEO in foundation’s history Austin Hickle receives prestigious Marshall Scholarship Former SMU student body president Austin Hickle has been named a Marshall Scholar for 2024, a prestigious opportunity for distinguished young Americans with leadership potential to pursue graduate studies in the United Kingdom. View all news Events SMU Giving DayMarch 5For one day, join fellow Mustangs to support the causes you care about most. View more events Apply NowVisit UsBack to top Academics Cox School of Business Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences Dedman School of Law Lyle School of Engineering Meadows School of the Arts Moody School of Graduate and Advanced Studies Perkins School of Theology Simmons School of Education & Human Development SMU CAPE SMU Libraries SMU Guildhall Audience Links Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Media Parents Quick Links SMU Ignited: Boldly Shaping Tomorrow Corporate and Foundation Relations Diversity and Inclusion COVID-19 Information (Mustang Strong) Bush Center SMU Store Academic Calendar Academic Ceremonies Events Calendar Employment Giving to SMU Virtual Tour SMU Stories Get in Touch Contact Us Maps Directions Compliance Legal Disclosures Privacy Policy Statement Report Sexual Harassment Reporting a bias Incident HEERF Reporting Emergency Preparedness Follow Us Facebook X Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © Southern Methodist University Admission Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Apply Now Visit SMU Financial Aid COVID-19 Request Information Parent Information Virtual Tour Academics Overview Majors and Minors Online Learning SMU Research Cox School of Business Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences Dedman School of Law Lyle School of Engineering Meadows School of the Arts Moody School of Graduate and Advanced Studies Perkins School of Theology Simmons School of Education and Human Development SMU Guildhall Libraries Student Life Residence Life Dining Health and Safety Spirit and Traditions Activities and Organizations Fitness and Recreation Sports Spiritual Life SMU and Dallas Virtual Tour About About SMU Administration Annual Report Core Values Diversity and Inclusion Maps and Directions Mission Statement Strategic Plan News Events Athletics Research Corporate and Foundation Relations Bush Center Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Faculty & Staff Parents Academic Ceremonies Apply NowVisit UsGive Menu Search Search Submit Popular Searches Current Students Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Faculty & Staff Majors & Minors Graduate School Alumni COVID-19 Information (Mustang Strong) Did you know? SMU's singular approach to integrating rigorous learning with hands-on experience will prepare you to achieve your educational goals and expand your world in ways you never imagined. Ours is a community of people forging their own paths. We'd like to help you shape yours. Plan your visit Menu Search