The Real News Network You're missing out. Get our latest stories straight to your inbox, twice a week. Keep reading for free. Subscribe to our newsletter: Close Newsletter Donate Search for: Search Latest Shows & Podcasts About Israel’s War on Palestine Under the Shadow Killer Water Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Mastodon Telegram RSS Feed Donate Now! Newsletter About The Real News Network Our Team Latest News In the Media Donate Ways to Give Jobs SectionsClimate Crisis Economy and Inequality Movements and Politics: International Movements and Politics: US Prisons and Policing Racial Justice Baltimore Shows, Podcasts, & SeriesThe Chris Hedges Report Edge of Sports with Dave Zirin The Marc Steiner Show Police Accountability Report Rattling The Bars Tax Broke The Upsurge Under the Shadow Workers of the World Working People Follow Us Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube Follow us on Mastodon Trending PostsHow private equity conquered AmericaThe allegations against Vince McMahon shouldn't surprise usThe death of liberal ZionismIn our thousands, in our millions: On Aaron Bushnell’s final actTeen faces murder charges when officer dies of a heart attack after assaulting himInside the historic student protests for Palestine at UC Davis and StanfordThe latest theories on how Rey Rivera died don't point to the rooftopNex Benedict, victim of America's war on trans childrenThe collapse of US media is accelerating our political crisis'It's devastating': An ER doctor shares what he saw in Gaza Close Donate Now! Newsletter About The Real News Network Our Team Latest News In the Media Donate Ways to Give Jobs SectionsClimate Crisis Economy and Inequality Movements and Politics: International Movements and Politics: US Prisons and Policing Racial Justice Baltimore Shows, Podcasts, & SeriesThe Chris Hedges Report Edge of Sports with Dave Zirin The Marc Steiner Show Police Accountability Report Rattling The Bars Tax Broke The Upsurge Under the Shadow Workers of the World Working People Follow Us Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube Follow us on Mastodon Trending PostsHow private equity conquered AmericaThe allegations against Vince McMahon shouldn't surprise usThe death of liberal ZionismIn our thousands, in our millions: On Aaron Bushnell’s final actTeen faces murder charges when officer dies of a heart attack after assaulting himInside the historic student protests for Palestine at UC Davis and StanfordThe latest theories on how Rey Rivera died don't point to the rooftopNex Benedict, victim of America's war on trans childrenThe collapse of US media is accelerating our political crisis'It's devastating': An ER doctor shares what he saw in Gaza Skip to content Israel’s War on Palestine Under the Shadow Killer Water Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Mastodon Telegram RSS Feed The Real News Network Latest Shows & Podcasts About Newsletter Donate Open Search Search for: Search Donate Menu Blank (needed for hamburger alignment)Israel’s War on Palestine Under the Shadow Killer Water Home Media organizations come together to uplift journalism for a free Palestine Amid ongoing genocide, independent media are collaborating to amplify crucial reporting and the movement for ceasefire. by Maya Schenwar, Truthout and Lara Witt, Prism March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 ‘Second look’ bills offer a chance at freedom to longtime prisoners Maryland’s proposed Second Look Act would create new pathways to freedom for incarcerated people who’ve served at least 20 years in prison. by Mansa Musa March 4, 2024March 5, 2024 The allegations against Vince McMahon shouldn’t surprise us The former WWE Chairperson has been accused of sexual assault numerous times, and made sexual violence part of his public persona as a pro wrestler. by Dave Zirin March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 How private equity conquered America by Chris Hedges March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 LATEST In our thousands, in our millions: On Aaron Bushnell’s final act by Britt Munro March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 Nex Benedict, victim of America’s war on trans children by Dave Zirin March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 Inside the historic student protests for Palestine at UC Davis and Stanford by Maximillian Alvarez February 29, 2024March 1, 2024 Irish athlete activist on organizing a sports boycott of Israel by Dave Zirin February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 Johns Hopkins grad student-workers picket as contract negotiations stall by Maximillian Alvarez February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 Norfolk Southern CEO got a 37% pay boost after toxic East Palestine crash by Thor Benson February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 Honduras, 2009. La Resistencia | Under the Shadow, Episode 7, Part 1 by Michael Fox February 27, 2024February 28, 2024 ‘It’s devastating’: An ER doctor shares what he saw in Gaza by Marc Steiner February 27, 2024February 27, 2024 Maryland unions push to expand proposed state probe of business tax breaks by Taya Graham and Stephen Janis February 26, 2024February 26, 2024 Never miss a story Get the latest news each week with our email newsletter: Movements and Politics: US Number of US workers who joined major strikes surged by 280% in 2023 by Jessica Corbett A guide to Norah O’Donnell’s wide-eyed military infomercials by Adam Johnson What’s next for Julian Assange by Alexander Zaitchik Combatting the housing crisis with the Crown Heights Tenants Union by Mel Buer Movements and Politics: International The death of liberal Zionism by Chris Hedges Stella Assange: ‘The world is watching’ Assange extradition hearing by Ross Domoney and Nadia Péridot ‘I think we should kill ’em all,’ GOP Rep. Andy Ogles says of Palestinians in Gaza by Jake Johnson Hearing to appeal Julian Assange’s extradition begins by Ross Domoney and Nadia Péridot Racial Justice When Black and White tenant farmers joined together to take on the plantation south by David Griscom The ADL is making it less safe to be a progressive Jew by Ben Lorber Baltimore’s failure to educate Black children is a threat to building Black political power by Tinashe Chingarande Anyone can be a journalist, and a journalist can come from anywhere by Maximillian Alvarez Our latest videos Climate Crisis ‘Frightening’: Greenland losing 33 million tons of ice per hour due to climate crisis by Julia Conley Fossil fuel giants to lavish shareholders with record paydays as climate crisis deepens by Julia Conley 2023 was a year of crisis and struggle by Maximillian Alvarez, Mel Buer and Marc Steiner Breaking into TMX: Secwépemc allies try to stop construction of Canada’s pipeline by Brandi Morin Prisons and Policing Prisoners, unions sue Alabama, alleging ‘modern-day slavery’ by Mansa Musa This is why coming home from prison is so difficult for so many by Mansa Musa Texas Sheriffs relentlessly ticket DoorDasher, leaving him thousands in debt, barely able to work by Taya Graham and Stephen Janis Early release: A tribute to Marshall ‘Eddie’ Conway by Maximillian Alvarez Economy and Inequality Baltimore’s co-ops show the power of a ‘solidarity economy’ by Maximillian Alvarez The collapse of US media is accelerating our political crisis by Chris Hedges Baltimore’s ‘downward spiral’ of poverty, disinvestment, and over-policing by Mansa Musa Is Biden letting Republicans set the terms of the immigration debate? by Natascha Elena Uhlmann Our shows and podcasts Police Accountability Report Rattling the Bars The Chris Hedges Report The Marc Steiner Show Working People Podcast Edge of Sports Baltimore The Teamsters picket Amazon in Baltimore to demand company rehire fired unionized drivers in California by Maximillian Alvarez Black oral storytellers keep Black history alive in Baltimore by Ahmari Anthony Pro-Palestine activists in Baltimore demand immediate ceasefire by Jaisal Noor ‘I’m in solidarity with Palestine!’ Hundreds rally in Baltimore to demand end of Israel’s Occupation by Maximillian Alvarez Our independence is not for sale. But that means we need you! Principled journalism that gets to the roots of the crises we face is more important today than ever. Journalism that doesn't dwell in despair, but empowers you to take action. Journalism that movements and organizers need to fight worker exploitation, the climate catastrophe, white supremacy, and more.We never accept corporate cash and we never hide our content behind restrictive pay walls. But that means we need you (yes, you!) to rush a tax-deductible donation or join our growing community of sustaining members who give a little each month to make a big difference to our journalists and contributors. Even more ways to give... Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Mastodon Telegram RSS Feed TRNNAbout The Real News Network Our Team Latest News In the Media Donate Ways to Give Jobs SectionsClimate Crisis Economy and Inequality Movements and Politics: International Movements and Politics: US Prisons and Policing Racial Justice Baltimore Shows & SeriesThe Chris Hedges Report Edge of Sports with Dave Zirin The Marc Steiner Show Police Accountability Report Rattling The Bars Tax Broke The Upsurge Under the Shadow Workers of the World Working People Contact UsIWT - The Real News Network 231 N. Holliday St. Baltimore, MD 21202 USA(410) 800-4295contact@therealnews.com Need to share something sensitive with The Real News? Use SecureDrop, an anonymity tool for journalists and whistleblowers. SecureDrop is an anonymity tool for journalists and whistleblowers. You can use our SecureDrop installation to anonymously submit documents to The Real News, and our journalists can use SecureDrop to securely communicate with anonymous contacts. To protect your anonymity when using SecureDrop, it is essential that you do not use a network or device that can easily be traced back to your real identity. Instead, use public wifi networks and devices you control. Do NOT access SecureDrop on your employer’s network. Do NOT access SecureDrop using your employer’s hardware. Do NOT access SecureDrop on your home network. DO access SecureDrop on a network not associated with you, like the wifi at a library or cafe. Once you are connected to a public network at a cafe or library, download and install the desktop version of Tor Browser. Launch Tor Browser. Visit our organization’s unique SecureDrop URL at http://isomzhlu2hqz2ll6t3c7mt67j3mvad2omzptk6cnc2ce2fzdabjjmnid.onion/. Follow the instructions you find on our source page to send us materials and messages. When you make your first submission, you will receive a unique codename. Memorize it. If you write it down, be sure to destroy the copy as soon as you’ve committed it to memory. Use your codename to sign back in to our source page, check for responses from our journalists, and upload additional materials. No tool can absolutely guarantee your security or anonymity. The best way to protect your privacy and anonymity as a source is to adhere to best practices. You can use a separate computer you’ve designated specifically to handle the submission process. Or, you can use an alternate operating system like Tails, which boots from a USB stick and erases your activity at the end of every session. A file contains valuable metadata about its source — when it was created and downloaded, what machine was involved, the machine’s owner, etc. You can scrub metadata from some files prior to submission using the Metadata Anonymization Toolkit featured in Tails. Your online behavior can be extremely revealing. Regularly monitoring our publication’s social media or website can potentially flag you as a source. Take great care to think about what your online behavior might reveal, and consider using Tor Browser to mitigate such monitoring. Our organization retains strict access control over our SecureDrop project. A select few journalists within our organization will have access to SecureDrop submissions. We control the servers that store your submissions, so no third party has direct access to the metadata or content of what you send us. Do not discuss leaking or whistleblowing, even with trusted contacts. Send us physical mail. Sending us physical mail is also an option that can preserve your anonymity, especially if you use a public mailbox: Maximilian Alvarez, Editor in Chief The Real News Network 231 Holliday St. Baltimore, MD 21202 Search for: Search This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2024 The Real News Network. Powered by Newspack Privacy Policy