Tuta Mail: Create a secure, private & encrypted email account for freeTutanota is now Tuta. Read more here PRICINGBUSINESSWHY TUTAWHY TUTATEAMEMAIL COMPARISONENCRYPTIONSECURITYOPEN SOURCESUSTAINABILITYCOMMUNITYRESOURCESBLOGTUTA NEWSPRIVACY NEWSGUIDESCHANGELOGPRIVACY GUIDEDOWNLOAD TUTASUPPORTJOBSLOGINSIGN UPBest email service: end-to-end encrypted and no adsTuta is the world's most secure email service, easy to use and private by design. You get fully encrypted calendars and contacts with all our personal and business email accounts.Secure, green and ad-free. Email to feel good about.GET ENCRYPTED EMAILAPPSEncrypted email made easyThe internet should be secure and private by default. With end-to-end encryption, two factor authentication (2FA), session handling, phishing protection and many more features, your emails at Tuta are more secure than ever before. The built-in end-to-end encryption guarantees that your data belongs to you alone. Read moreYour data in Tuta is always encrypted, whether on our servers or on your device: email bodies, attachments and subject lines, entire calendars, entire address book, everything. Nobody can decrypt, read, monetize or exploit your data. We don’t collect any personally identifiable information for your free secure email. As for paid accounts, the charge will appear as "Tuta subscription payment", without any other details about your email address shared with your payment provider. We securely encrypt your payment data and are fully compliant with the GDPR.We Love Open SourceAll our email clients are open source and we own our infrastructure. And while other email providers rely on closed-source services for captcha, push notifications, desktop clients and analytics, we’ve built our own solutions for these tasks, making Tuta the best open source email service all-around. Read moreWe want everyone to have the opportunity to look at the code because it means that any possible flaws will be quickly detected and fixed. It also means that we can’t hide any backdoors, so you can trust us to protect your private emails. Before the public release of Tuta, all our apps have been audited by independent security experts. In an extensive penetration test, experts from SySS GmbH have not been able to hack into our system or retrieve any encrypted data.Best Experience On Any Device & OSTuta apps for iOS, Android & desktops let you send secure emails wherever you are. Our fast web client & mobile apps make sure email encryption is not an additional step in your workflow, but a default. Features like second factor authentication and session handling are included with all our account types.Read moreWe continuously update and improve our apps to ensure an easy-to-use interface and a pleasant experience on any device. You don’t need to provide a phone number to sign up for Tuta or download any of our apps: A truly anonymous email will always be guaranteed even for our basic free accounts, making Tuta the most secure email service. TLS encryption and spam protection are included with every type of account. Many email providers prioritize profit at the expense of your privacy and comfort. The default on most services is not privacy-friendly and they make you jump through hoops and dig through settings to increase your level of privacy. Some even require you to restore your preferences after every update. At Tuta we do the opposite: You have full control over how you use our apps. You can opt in for log-in tracking for additional security (session handling) and enable email images to load if you trust the sender - nothing is activated by default. SustainabilityAll your data is stored on our own secure servers powered with 100% renewable energy. Our offices' electricity comes from a renewable energy provider that actively invests into building new facilities for producing renewable energy. At Tuta we are building the email service of the future: private and secure. It’s just as important to us to protect our environment, now and in the future. Switch to green email now and help preserve resources and protect the environment! Read moreFrom sustainability, to a fair and transparent payment model, to our fight for privacy, our mission is to make the web a better place. One where the employees and the users are respected, not exploited. Join our team and help us build a better internet. Large StorageAt Tuta you get 1 GB of email storage for your messages and attachments right from the start with any free account. This is double the 500 MB you start with at other free encrypted email services, and our free accounts include all security-relevant features. At the same time, most privacy-friendly email providers only offer paid accounts, no free plan. Our mission at Tuta is that everyone must be able to switch to a privacy-first email alternative and create a secure email address. This is why the basic free account in Tuta will remain free forever. On top of that, all data is stored securely in Germany. Read moreThanks to our paying customers, we are able to offer the most critical features free of charge to everyone so that political activists, whistleblowers and privacy-sensitive citizens who are not able to pay a subscription fee can use encrypted email. Together we will change the internet for the better!Best value custom domain accountsYou can upgrade your free account at any time to a paid subscription with even more performance for private and business customers. Our pricing is unrivaled by any other email service provider. Not just compared to those that offer secure encrypted email, but even compared to those that make profits from tracking you, serving you ads and selling your data. Starting at just €3/month, you can use an unlimited number of calendars, your own custom email domain with an unlimited number of email addresses as well as 15 Tuta email addresses – aliases that you manage from the same inbox as your main email address. Read moreAs a business, you can save time and money by hosting all your business emails end-to-end encrypted on Tuta's secure servers based in Germany. With custom domain support, flexible user addition, whitelabel customizations to use your own branding, smart filtering, and GDPR compliance, we strive to make Tuta the perfect email service for your business. We enable you to use the benefits of the cloud - availability, cost-efficiency, flexibility, automatic backup - without compromising on security. With Tuta you own your data, no one else can access it.EmailsCalendarContactsSearchSecure email, as easy as can be.Download TutaEncrypted email always by your side.AndroidapkF-DroidiOSLinuxWindowsmacOSBrowserSecure Email, No AdsFocus on the important things. The ease and simplicity of Tuta combined with its unique level of security leads to a fast and organized workflow. No distraction from advertisements, just email as it should be: private and secure. Encrypt EverythingYour data in Tuta is always encrypted: emails, calendars, contacts, everything. Easily send a private email with the knowledge that the automatic email encryption protects your entire message from prying eyes. For BusinessSave time and money: Tuta hosts all your business emails end-to-end encrypted in Germany. We enable your business to use the benefits of the cloud - availability, cost-efficiency, flexibility, automatic backup - without compromising on security. With Tuta you own your data, no one else can access it. Secure your business emails today with Tuta. Fully AnonymousEveryone has the right to privacy, and this includes encrypted email. That's why the basic secure email account in Tuta will always be free of charge. No personal information and no phone numbers are required to register your anonymous email account. Upgrade anonymously using Bitcoin, Monero or cash payments. Encrypted CalendarOrganization is key: Regain control over your busy life with Tuta's encrypted calendar. The calendar is integrated seamlessly into the secure email client and can be easily accessed on any device. Event notifications are sent end-to-end encrypted to fully protect your privacy. Encrypted Mailbox Engineered in GermanyTuta is based in Hanover, Germany. All your encrypted emails are stored on our own servers in highly secured data centers in Germany, powered with renewable energy. With its strict data protection laws and the GDPR, Germany has some of the best laws in the world to protect your secure emails. Why you will love Tuta MailANDY LEMKE"Tutanota is by far the best email service I have ever used. ... The prices are fair for the services offered. I couldn't be happier. 💯"Your data, your rulesEveryone deserves privacy, security and control over their data. That’s why even our free email account and calendar app are ad-free and end-to-end encrypted. Find out more about why privacy matters. Why do you need more email security?Are you finding yourself targeted by oddly specific ads and wondering „how on earth did they know to show me that?”. If you are privacy-savvy, you’ve probably found yourself having to disable permissions again and again in your device’s privacy and security settings, after a system update, even though your operating system doesn’t have a problem retaining other types of data during the updating process. It’s obvious: your activity is being tracked intentionally. From your operating system, to your browser, to sites and apps that you use and user accounts that you need to create on many of these, at every step there is data collected about you. Some of it is meant to improve the functionality of these services. A lot of it is meant to make it easier for companies to market to you.Tracking via GmailAdditionally, the types of activity that Google tracks is even more encompassing across devices and operating systems when you have a Gmail address and you use it to create accounts for various services - even if you’re not using Google’s Chrome browser. Are you getting email newsletters, special offers or political fundraising calls that you never signed up for? This is a given, whether you’re using a social platform, shopping online, signing a petition, donating to a cause you care about or signing up for a different newsletter that you’re actually interested in, or any other activity that requires you to provide an email address. People who are less tech-savvy or part of age groups with less experience navigating the internet tend to leave even more breadcrumbs and are usually more susceptible to ads, fake news and other types of manipulation. It’s not just commercial messaging that targets you based on your digital profile, but even news and entertainment content. This digital profile is put together from data gathered by most of the tech companies whose products you use and then sold to and by data brokers. Data brokers include credit reporting companies, people-finding websites, and many analytics and marketing companies. They operate in a sprawling, unregulated ecosystem and are rightfully being called "the middlemen of surveillance capitalism". They’re a multi-billion dollar industry with a lack of transparency and accountability, with an FTC report concluding that they "collect consumers’ personal information and resell or share that information with others". But the fact that it’s a well-known problem doesn’t make it easy to regulate away, with Big Tech companies opposing anti-trust legislation, even by posing as grass-roots groups. Create a secure email account with Tuta - as your primary email and for your user profiles on apps and sites - and you will make it more difficult for data brokers to aggregate data about you. What’s more, the alias feature included with all our paid accounts helps you quickly deactivate alias email addresses that start getting unwanted emails. Just like with social media platforms, with most email services free email isn’t really free. You already know this because of the cross-platform ads that you get served: Your attention is the product. Create a Secure Email Address TodaySECURE PERSONAL EMAILSECURE BUSINESS EMAILPrivacy is in our DNAMore and more people are prioritizing privacy. Businesses are increasingly concerned with cloud security and other digital security issues. At the same time, an increasing number of consumers say "businesses should be doing more to actively protect their data" and they report feeling "concerned, confused" and a "lack of control over their personal information". About 6 in 10 adults "think their personal data is less secure now, that data collection poses more risks than benefits, and believe it is not possible to go through daily life without being tracked" by either companies or government or both. And they are not wrong. But this is not how the internet was meant to work and it doesn’t have to be this way. It is our mission to make it better and this is what drives every feature at Tuta. Privacy means freedom of speech and freedom of thought. But it also means refusing to have your behavior commodified by surveillance capitalists and it means safety from exploitation, manipulation and doxxing. Best private email At Tuta, we believe that business models based on data collection and data exploitation must be stopped. We fight for a different internet. One where privacy by design is the foundation. We understand the importance of private email communications, where your personal information remains confidential and protected. We believe that everyone should have the ability to communicate securely and maintain their privacy online. That's why our private email service is designed with end-to-end encryption, ensuring that only you and the intended recipient can access the contents of your messages. We never compromise on privacy and do not track or sell your data. With Tuta, you can enjoy the convenience of email while maintaining the security of your private information. Whether you're an individual or a business, Tuta provides the best platform for secure and private communication. Being able to sign up for email without a phone number is a great first step. But even privacy-focused apps typically use Google Push and Google reCAPTCHA. At Tuta, even our free encrypted email on Android does not rely on Google, but uses our own push notification service and our own open-source CAPTCHA. Furthermore Tuta’s secure password reset and innovative search on encrypted data are additional features that ensure that not even we can gain access to your data. At the same time, paid accounts come with many more benefits on top, making Tuta the best email service all-around. Tuta is a freemium email service with a business model sustained by people who value their right to privacy enough to upgrade their account to a paid subscription. In return, they benefit from a lot of extra features as Premium, Teams or Pro users. Explore all the features and price plans. Freedom FightersPrivacy & SecurityPrivacy and security are at the heart of Tuta. We are building Tuta to enable you to send confidential emails to anyone. To fight for our right to privacy - to protect journalists, whistleblowers and human rights activists around the world - this is our mission since we have started building the encrypted email service Tuta. Support Tuta and help us build the Internet of the future: private and secure! Together we will stop mass surveillance with built-in encryption. DonateWhat makes Tuta Mail better than Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook, Zohoand other conventional email services:We don’t collect and share your data. We never serve you ads or try to guide your app usage in a way that would serve us. Security and privacy are your default with Tuta, not a long & complex process like trying to get end-to-end encryption set up with a typical email client or adjust the privacy settings to your own priorities.What makes Tuta better than ProtonMail, FastMail, HushMailand other encrypted email services:We provide more thorough encryption than any other provider. In comparison with Proton Mail we protect much more data with end-to-end encryption, including subject lines, entire address book, calendar meta-data. Our business accounts are easy to migrate to and include more security features than any other email or calendar service. We don’t rely on integrations with Google services, unlike our competitors. With Tuta, you get the biggest bang for your buck, with the most features included with a free account and the lowest price points for paid accounts. All paid accounts include support for your custom domain with which you can create as many email addresses as you need.Our Team sets us apart, too: Our founders have a long track record of fighting for data independence and privacy rights. We own the company, so we don’t need to prioritize making profits for shareholders at the expense of our users’ best interests, like other companies often do. We own our infrastructure and share with you our Transparency report and every Privacy policy detail. Find out more about our background. COMPARE TUTA TO COMPETITORSSwitch to Secure Emails TodayFast, sustainable, open source, simple migration process. Email to feel good about.SIGN UPTerminate subscriptionCompanyCommunityTeamJobsTermsPrivacyLegal noticeDevelopmentChangelogRoadmapSecurityEncryptionOpen SourceGitHubFeaturesSecure EmailEncrypted CalendarBusinessSupportForumPressSupportLanguageEnglishTranslate