UK Government Web Archive This website uses cookies We place some essential cookies on your device to make this website work. We'd like to use additional cookies to remember your settings and understand how you use our services. This information will help us make improvements to the website. Set cookie preferences Skip to Main Content Menu Search our website Search Discovery, our catalogue Search our website Search Discovery, our catalogue About us About us home Our role Visit us Opening times What’s on Exhibitions Events Get involved News Commercial opportunities Education Education home Time periods Lessons Workshops Professional development For teachers For students Help with your research Help with your research home Search Discovery, our catalogue Start your research here Research guides A-Z Online collections UK Government Web Archive British citizenship services Record copying Information management Information management home Guidance and standards A-Z Copyright How to manage your information Re-using PSI Producing official publications Legislation and regulations Training Archives sector Archives sector home Historical Manuscripts Commission Finding funding Projects and programmes Case studies and research reports Operating your archive Our role in the archives sector More… Shop Image library Blog Podcasts and videos Contact us Home > UK Government Web Archive UK Government Web Archive We capture, preserve and make accessible UK central government information published on the web. The Web Archive includes videos, tweets, images and websites dating from 1996 to the present day. Feature image caption Science Exhibition poster artist Robin Day View in the image library Find archived websites Find archived websites by browsing our A-Z list or by using our full text search facility. Learn about the limitations of archived websites and see legal information about re-using web archive content. Find archived social media channels Find archived Twitter, YouTube and Flickr channels by browsing our access pages or using our full text search facility. Archive a website or social media channel Find out how to get a website or social media channel added to our archiving programme. Discover how to link to archived websites and see technical information about how to make your website archive compliant. Read about our take down process and learn what to do if your website is closing. About the UK Government Web Archive Read general information about the web archiving programme. Find out how to contact us and see our accessibility statement. Footer Sign me up to The National Archives' mailing list Subscribe now for regular news, updates and priority booking for events.Sign up The National Archives Kew, Richmond TW9 4DU Find out more Contact us Press room Jobs and careers Friends of The National Archives The National Archives Trust Websites Blog Podcasts and videos Shop Image library UK Government Web Archive Legislation.gov.uk Opens a new window Find case law The Gazette Opens a new window Site help Help Website A-Z index Accessibility Legal Terms of use Privacy policy Cookies Freedom of Information Transparency Our fees Follow us Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated Opens a new window