Mozilla Labs Mozilla Home About Projects Blog Hatchery Mozilla Labs is no longer active, so this website has been archived, and the information on it is no longer reliable. For more information about Mozilla, see Mozilla's main website. Welcome to the edge of the Web. Find new ways to explore, experiment and innovate. See all Projects » Featured Projects Mozilla Popcorn web site Popcorn.js Github Newsgroup Issue tracker Demos Popcorn Maker Popcorn Maker source Mozilla Popcorn Popcorn lets users link social media, news feeds, data visualizations and other content directly to moving images. The result is a new form of multimedia storytelling. Learn more » Website @mozwebfwd WebFWD Blog WebFWD Mozilla's Open Innovation program supports Open Source projects which extend the Web. Learn more » Wiki Github Twitter PDF.js A browser-native PDF renderer prototype written on the web platform. Learn more » Homepage Github Twitter TogetherJS A free, open source Javascript library that adds collaboration tools to your website. Learn more » See all Projects » Search Labs Search projects Search Latest News User Personalization Update Earlier this year, we announced a Mozilla Labs exploration of personalization on the Web in which users see content personalized to their interests while retaining control of their data. Since then, we’ve been listening to feedback and ideas from users, … read more » Hatchery Update: TogetherJS + Mozilla Summit Please enjoy our latest installment from Mozilla’s lab designed to hatch promising Mozilla products built by Mozillians. Introducing….TogetherJS In April some Mozillians started working on a collaboration service called TowTruck. This has made some fantastic progress over the last 6 … read more » (Re)Introducing TogetherJS (the service formerly known as TowTruck) Mozilla TowTruck is now Mozilla TogetherJS. It’s just a different name, with the same underlying experience and technology. TogetherJS is a service that adds collaboration features and tools to your website. Why the name change? TowTruck initially started as a … read more » Hatchery Update: Building for Relevance Please find the latest update from Hatchery and stay tuned as we form our plans for the upcoming Mozilla Summit! — The Hatchery Team At WebFWD We’ve been super fortunate to have Diane Loviglio, a Mozillian and now entrepreneur herself, … read more » Hatchery: TowTruck mobile update TowTruck was started about 8 months ago with a goal to greatly enhance real-time collaboration across desktop & mobile. Here’s the latest update from the team! The TowTruck team has been working on prototyping a mobile experience for TowTruck. We … read more » Contact Us Privacy Policy Legal Notices Report Trademark Abuse Sign In (for project members)