ECHR - Homepage of the European Court of Human Rights - ECHR - ECHR / CEDH Skip to Main Content ECHR - Homepage of the European Court of Human Rights - ECHR ECHR Council of Europe | ECHR-KS | HUDOC english français Home The Court General presentation Information Documents Videos Human Rights building Composition of the Court Grand Chamber Presidency of the Court President Síofra O’Leary Former Presidents Registrars How the Court works Annual reports Dialogue between Courts Superior Courts Network Regional Human Rights Courts Case-law ECHR Knowledge Sharing Judgments and Decisions HUDOC database Selection of key cases Inter-State applications Case-law translations Advisory opinions Publications Press Press service Factsheets Country profiles Press encounters Hearings Webcasts of hearings Calendar of hearings Cases pending before the Grand Chamber Delivery of judgments All webcasts Statistics Statistical reports Dashboards Facts and Figures and Overview Applicants Apply to the Court Apply to the Court - other languages Official texts European Convention Rules of Court Reform of the Court Complementary texts Accession of the European Union Events Official visits Solemn hearing Opening of the Judicial Year Seminars and lectures at the Court Commemorations 60 years of the Court 70 years of the European Convention on Human Rights Moot Court Competition Library About the Library Services and policy Human Rights Collections Convention Collections Catalogues and links Other links HUDOC ECHR-KS Council of Europe Forthcoming hearing The Court will be holding a Grand Chamber hearing in the case of Ships Waste Oil Collector B.V. and Others v. the Netherlands on 6 March 2024. The case concerns the transmission of data, lawfully obtained in a criminal investigation, to another law enforcement authority, the Competition Authority, that used those data in an investigation into the applicant company’s involvement in price-fixing. Press release Calendar of hearings more... 23/02/24 Chamber News Judgment concerning Serbia 05/03/24 In the case of Boškoćević v. Serbia the Court held that there had been a violation of the right of individual application. The case concerned the non-enforcement of a judgment in the applicant’s favour with regard to outstanding wages and, more essentially, his complaint that his managing director had sent him a letter warning him that he had breached his duties and risked dismissal shortly after he had lodged his application with the Court. The ECHR found that the Serbian Government was responsible for the acts of the applicant’s employer and its managing director. It concluded that the warning letter had constituted “pressure” and “intimidation” and that it had interfered with the right of individual petition underpinning the Convention system. Press release Factsheet: Work-related rights more ... Judgment concerning Türkiye 20/02/24 In the case of Dede v. Türkiye the Court held that there had been a violation of the freedom of expression. The case concerned the dismissal of a bank employee for having sent an email to the staff of his company’s human resources department criticising a senior executive’s management methods. The Court found that the national courts had not conducted a sufficiently detailed examination of the content of the email in question, in which the applicant had criticised alleged shortcomings in the company’s management. Press release Factsheet: Work-related rights more ... Judgment concerning Romania 20/02/24 In the case of Danileţ v. Romania the Court held that there had been a violation of the freedom of expression. The case concerned a disciplinary sanction imposed on a judge by the National Judicial and Legal Service Commission for posting two messages on his Facebook account. The Court found that the domestic courts had failed to give due consideration to several important factors, in particular concerning the broader context in which the applicant’s statements had been made, his participation in a debate on matters of public interest, the question whether the value judgments expressed had been sufficiently based in act and, lastly, the potentially chilling effect of the sanction. Press release Factsheet: Protection of reputation more ... Judgment concerning Switzerland 20/02/24 In the case of I.L. v. Switzerland (no. 2) the Court held, that there had been three violations: prohibition of inhuman or degrading treatment, right to liberty and security, and right to a speedy decision on the lawfulness of detention. The case concerned the lawfulness of the applicant’s detention as part of an institutional therapeutic measure imposed on him, together with his detention conditions and the time taken to examine his application for release. Press release Factsheet: Prisoners' health-related rights more ... Delivered Judgments and Decisions 05/03/2024 5 Judgments Forthcoming Judgments & Decisions 07/03/2024 17 Judgments/Decisions Grand Chamber News Relinquishment 22/02/24 The Chamber to which the case Mansouri v. Italy had been allocated has relinquished jurisdiction in favour of the Grand Chamber. The case concerns the lawfulness and conditions of a Tunisian national’s confinement on board the ship being used to return him to his country of origin on the basis of a refusal-of-entry order issued by the border police. Press release Cases pending before the Grand Chamber more ... Referral requests 20/02/24 On 19 February 2024, the Grand Chamber panel of five judges decided to reject all 18 requests for referral to the Grand Chamber. Press release Cases pending before the Grand Chamber more ... Advisory opinion 19/02/24 The Court has decided to reject the request for an advisory opinion submitted by a panel of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court of Estonia. The requesting court wanted to know whether a prosecutor’s decision to discontinue criminal proceedings could constitute an acquittal within the meaning of Article 4 § 1 of Protocol No. 7 (right not to be tried or punished twice) to the European Convention on Human Rights and, if so, whether such a decision could be considered final, given that, as happened in this case, it could be revoked by a higher-ranking prosecutor. The ECHR ruled that the request did not raise a “question of principle” as required by Protocol No. 16, i.e., a novel and/or complex question, since the particular issue was the subject of well-established case-law. The discontinuance of criminal proceedings by a public prosecutor amounted to neither a conviction nor an acquittal, and Article 4 of Protocol No. 7 was therefore not applicable in such a situation. Press release Advisory opinion Advisory opinions more ... Communication of cases Communication of a case to Lithuania 04/03/24 The Court has communicated to the Government of Lithuania the application Al-Nashiri v. Lithuania and has asked them to submit their observations on its admissibility and merits. The case concerns a national of Saudi Arabia currently detained in Guantánamo Bay and facing capital charges before a United States (US) military commission on suspicion of, among other things, the bombing of the US Navy ship USS Cole in 2000. The US authorities consider him to have been one of the most senior figures in al-Qaeda. In his case before the ECHR, the applicant raises multiple complaints of torture, ill-treatment and unacknowledged detention when he was held for five months in 2005-2006 at a secret facility in Lithuania run by the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Press release Factsheet: Secret detention sites more ... Hearings Grand Chamber hearing concerning Spain 10/01/24 The Court held a Grand Chamber hearing in the case of Pindo Mulla v. Spain. The case concerns blood transfusions administered to the applicant, a Jehovah’s Witness, against her will. Press release Webcast of the hearing Factsheet: Health more ... Decisions Inadmissibility decision concerning France 01/02/24 The ECHR has declared inadmissible the application in the case of Ramadan v. France. The case concerned the applicant’s conviction for having disseminated information about the identity of the presumed victim of a rape for which he was facing trial. The Court noted that the domestic courts had clarified the concept of a “victim” for the purposes of the Freedom of the Press Act and had reaffirmed that only written authorisation from the person who had lodged the criminal complaint and joined the proceedings as a civil party could have released the applicant from his criminal liability under the law by waiving the duty of secrecy and allowing the dissemination of her identity. The Court saw no reason to question the assessment by the domestic courts, which had weighed the applicant’s rights and those of the victim in the balance and had arrived at a solution based on relevant and sufficient grounds and found that the impugned interference with the applicant’s freedom of expression had been proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued. Press release more ... Quick Links ECHR-KS Recent judgments | Recent decisions Recent press releases Multimedia | Twitter @ECHR_CEDH Applicants Superior Courts' Network Other languages Factsheets | Country profiles Legal summaries Information visits Other News Country profiles 04/03/24 Country profiles containing data and information, broken down by individual State, on significant cases considered by the Court or currently pending before it, have been updated. There is one country profile for each Council of Europe member State. Country profiles more ... Visit to the Supreme Court of the Slovak Republic 04/03/24 On 4 March 2024, President Síofra O’Leary paid an official visit to the Supreme Court of the Slovak Republic in Bratislava. She was accompanied by Alena Poláčková, Judge elected in respect of the Slovak Republic, and Ilse Freiwirth, Section Registrar. The delegation was welcomed by Ján Šikuta, President of the Supreme Court, and Andrea Moravčíková, Vice-President of the Supreme Court, and took part in a roundtable discussion with Supreme Court judges. Country profile: Slovak Republic more ... Signature of the book of condolences in tribute to Robert Badinter 21/02/24 On 21 February 2024, President Síofra O’Leary signed the book of condolences in tribute to Robert Badinter, former Minister of Justice of France, opened by the Permanent Representation of France to the Council of Europe in the Human Rights Building, in the presence of Pap Ndiaye, Permanent Representative of France to the Council of Europe, Mattias Guyomar, Judge elected in respect of France, and Marialena Tsirli, Registrar of the Court. more ... ECHR Copyright and Disclaimer Privacy Site map Jobs and Traineeships Information visits Contact ECHR Services Status ECHR-KS Superior Courts Network Recent judgments Recent decisions Recent press releases Factsheets Country profiles Legal summaries Twitter YouTube RSS This website uses cookies. Read our policy. Accept Hidden