Home | AIGA Skip to main content About AIGA Our Story Governance Board of Directors Presidents Council Committees National Partners AIGA Staff Careers at AIGA Contact Us Media Community Find a Job Join Donate Login Design AIGA Design Conference Design & Business Design Education Design Journey & Career Design Leadership Design Practice Design Research & Insights Strategic Design & Innovation The Bookshelf Resources AIGA Eye on Design Academic & Design Education Business & Freelance Resources H-1B and O-1 Visa Application Letters Student Resources Design Futures Research Design POV Research Inspiration Talks AIGA Webinars Explore Big Ideas Positive Impact Restore AIGA Design Archives Explore New Skills AIGA Through the Years Online Design Collections Professional Development AIGA Passport to Learning AIGA Professional Design Certification AIGA Learning Directory Competitions & Campaigns AIGA Design Conference Certificates for Creatives Events Webinars Executive Education Scholarships Membership & Community Group Membership About AIGA Membership Join AIGA for 2024 About AIGA Chapters Community Values & Standards Diversity, Equity & Inclusion AIGA Design Educators Community AIGA Unidos Member Special Offers AIGA Awards Perspectives AIGA Eye on Design Design Adjacent Podcast Design Future Now Podcast Design Educators Community Blog AIGA Dialectic Journal Search Search Results Today at AIGA Leave Your Legacy The call for entries period for 50 Books | 50 Covers of 2023 and 365: AIGA Year in Design is now open! Submit your masterpieces and let your designs captivate audiences globally. Enter by February 26, 2024 to save. Learn More and Enter AIGA Membership Network, Connect, and Grow in AIGA AIGA Membership offers a dynamic community through the virtual AIGA Community platform and local events. Network with peers, share insights, and tackle career challenges together while building a professional network to help you excel in your career. Learn More Professional Development AIGA + Yale Online Executive Education From decision-making and leading teams to financial literacy and innovation, this engaging live online program equips participants with a comprehensive toolkit of foundational management and leadership skills. Drive your career forward with AIGA and Yale University! Learn More Professional Development Get Certified! The AIGA Professional Design Certification represents a commitment to the design profession and to lifelong learning. This new online design certification program is open to design practitioners at every level who are committed to expanding their careers. Learn More Scholarships Scholarship Applications Now Open! The AIGA Worldstudio D×D Scholarships aim to increase diversity in the design profession by creating equitable opportunities for the next generation of creative talent. Open to undergraduate and graduate students across the United States. Apply Now Our Mission AIGA advances design as a professional craft, strategic advantage, and vital cultural force. Learn About Our Community In The News Best Book and Cover Designs of 2022 Revealed: Remarkable Winners Announced for AIGA’s 50 Books | 50 Covers Competition Read More Explore AIGA Join Our Community Join AIGA today and become part of an exclusive network of design professionals with access to vital learning and career-building benefits on a local and national level. Learn More AIGA Design POV: Final Report The 2021 Design Point of View (POV) research initiative is an in-depth analysis of the design profession. This ambitious new industry research highlights industry demographics, marketplace intelligence, career pathways, diversity, equity, and inclusion, and design industry trends. Download Now New Issue of Dialectic; Listen Here AIGA Scholarly Journal Examines the Pandemic, Talks Design Thinking, and Looks at Ways to Support Students’ Mental Health. You can listen to the audio version of Design Thinking? Thank an Engineer by Steven McCarthy. Listen Now Events Meet the Community View more events Dec 7 Virtual | 6 AIGA Portland's "WIP - Work in Progress" An opportunity for designers to give & receive constructive feedback on creative work prior to showing their team/client/stakeholders. View Details Mar 5, 2024 | Los Angeles Designing For Complex UIs Mar 6, 2024 | Kansas City Cocktails with Creatives Mar 7, 2024 | Philadelphia Central PA Coffee with Creatives – March edition Mar 7, 2024 | Portland WIP - Work in Progress View more events Being a member of AIGA has given me access to educational resources for my professional development and business opportunities...it's opened the door to meaningful relationships with a diverse group of dedicated people with whom I'm proud to be in community with. John Hornsby AIGA Asheville AIGA Chapters Be a part of our local communities AIGA BALTIMORE Latino Design Histories Series AIGA Baltimore and the Society of Design Arts (SoDA) are hosting a series of events created to promote the rich and plural histories of Latin American production in design. Thank you to SoDa member, Raquel Castedo, AIGA Unidos, Stevenson University, the Vancouver Latin American Cultural Centre, and the Design History Society for partnering with us. AIGA LA AIGA LA x Los Angeles Unified to Inspire the Future of Design AIGA LA announces a partnership with the Los Angeles Unified School District’s Career Technical Education – Arts, Media & Entertainment (AME) program. Through this partnership, AIGA LA aims to work with LAUSD to inspire the next generation of designers and be a supportive resource for their students, programs, and teachers. AIGA Boston AIGA Boston Presents "The Boston Designcast" AIGA Boston shares how design is flourishing in Boston. From the boom of tech companies in the seaport district, to the tradition of print in Cambridge and everything in between The Boston Designcast is here to highlight the design that shapes how we live and where you can find it. Find Your Local Chapter Support your local creative community—when you become a member and select a chapter, a portion of your dues goes to funding your chapter’s programming and initiatives. Find your chapter Find Your Dream Job Visit AIGA Design Jobs to make your next move. Free access to view and apply for AIGA members. Check out available jobs Empowering Designers to Change the World Join today to access networking through your local chapter and a wide variety of local and national programs and events. About AIGA Membership More from AIGA Resources for Everyone Get the tools you need to succeed in your career. Explore our collection of resources for freelancers, business owners, design educators, students, in-house designers, and other design professions. Visit the Resource Collection Curated Collections for Designers Design Education Resources Curated by our Design Educators Community (DEC), explore the collection of resources tailored for design educators. Explore Student Resources Find the help you need to navigate the design industry post-graduation. Explore Business & Freelance Resources Utilize our selection of contracts, legal guides, and business planning resources to become a design industry entrepreneur. Explore Featured Resources ARTICLE Perspectives and Reflections: Thoughts on Identity, Race, and Design Education Hear from members of the AIGA Design Educators Community about their experiences in the world of design. WEBINAR Finance for Freelancers and Small Businesses This session with Shel Perkins and Benjamin Sargent will address general strategies for managing cash flow, what to know if you can't pay your 2019 taxes, an overview of newly expanded unemployment, and more. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT Certificates for Creatives We asked, you told us—professional development and lifelong learning are critical for design professionals and to advance the profession Eye on Design A Short (But Useful) Guide to Not Getting Screwed by the IRS Advice for filing taxes, plus planning them year round. Article Rights, Wrongs and the Law We asked Frank Martinez, a lawyer who specializes in intellectual property for designers, illustrators and typographers, and who provides counsel to AIGA, to answer some pressing questions on IP and fair use. Guide AIGA Standard Form of Agreement Contract Create customized terms and conditions for different types of design engagements. Join AIGA and Become a Member Today! Join today to access networking through your local chapter and a wide variety of local and national programs and events. Become a Member Engage & Learn AIGA Membership AIGA Design Conference AIGA Design Educators Community AIGA Webinars Media Partner Career, Jobs, & Projects National Partner Program Sponsorship & Advertising Support Us Contact Us Connect Sign-up for our newsletter Subscribe 228 Park Ave S, Suite 58603 New York, NY 10003 212-807-1990 © 2024 AIGA Terms & Conditions