Home ❧ Current Affairs Current Affairs is Ad-Free and depends entirely on YOUR support. Can you help? Subscribe from 16 cents a day ($5 per month) Happy To! No Thanks. Menu Search Current Affairs Current Affairs A Magazine of Politics and Culture Magazine Index Podcast Shop Donate Gallery Subscribe Search Sign In Hide Menu Log In Search Hide menu Menu Magazine Index Podcast Shop Donate Gallery Subscribe Account Log in Sign In Enter I have forgotten my password Don’t have an account? Subscribe! Close Soon Current Affairs’s all-new Single Issue page is coming soon. Okay How to Write a Good Political Poem Most political poetry is not good. But can it ever be? Yes! by Alex Skopic Literature Are Rural White People The Problem? A new book argues that the basic threat to the U.S. comes from rural America’s bigotry and anti-democratic tendencies. This is the wrong way to think about it. by Nathan J. Robinson Why Factory Farming is a Moral Atrocity Lewis Bollard of Open Philanthrophy’s farm animal welfare program on why preventing the suffering of animals remains a crucial moral priority for our time. by Current Affairs Our 46th Issue Is Here! A beautiful new edition of Current Affairs to delight you and your loved ones. by Nathan J. Robinson Enjoy reading interviews with people It’s Time to Break Up with Capitalism Nick Hanauer on How Corporate Propaganda Makes Us Fear Sensible Social Policy Rethinking the Concept of ‘Philanthropy’ See all Current Affairs’ editorial selections What Would It Look Like If We Treated Climate Change as an Actual Emergency? Knowledge Is Not Power: Why Cigarettes Still Appeal Should We Talk To White Supremacists? See all History See all On MLK Day, Always Remember the Radical King by Lily Sánchez Staten Island, Forgotten Borough by James Bosco We Must Finish the Work of Martin Luther King Jr. by Nathan J. Robinson Labor See all Abolish the Tipped Minimum Wage by Alex Skopic The NFL is an Abusive Workplace by Alex Skopic Dollar Stores Show Capitalism at its Worst by Alex Skopic Economics See all Against Managerialism by Ronald Purser The Limits of Basic Income by Jason Hickel Let’s Test The ‘Intelligence’ of Tech Billionaires by Rob Larson Subscribe To Our Print Edition A Current Affairs subscription is one of the best known ways to improve your life in a hurry. Our print magazine is released six times a year, in a beautiful full-color edition full of elegant design, sophisticated prose, and satirical advertisements. Tell me more Will AI Enable New Musical Creativity or Undermine Musicians? Nathan J. Robinson In His Right Mind Keira Havens What If We Didn’t Consider Criminalization an Option? Nathan J. Robinson The Dystopias of Yesterday Richard Eskow Why not listen to the Current Affairs Podcast Every other week our editorial team brings you a mixture of discussion, analysis, and whimsy. I’ll try it It’s fun to pur­chase things in our Shop Oh boy Help us make life joyful again Donate Let’s go War and Mardi Gras by Nathan J. Robinson Islamophobia Will Poison This Country by Alex Skopic and Nathan J. Robinson More Firefighters, Fewer Cops by Nathan J. Robinson Astra Taylor on What ‘Security’ Really Means by Current Affairs A Response to Hughes by Nathan J. Robinson Beware Government Bullshit by Nathan J. Robinson What Peace in Northern Ireland Teaches us About ‘Endless’ Conflicts by Ciara Moloney How To Talk To Your Newborn About Existence by Ellen Burch and Nathan J. Robinson Why You Should Be a Luddite by Current Affairs Continue browsing the latest Current Affairs Why, you’d have to be an uncultured rube to not sign up for The Current Affairs News­letter Email Address * Current Affairs © 2021 Current Affairs About Us Privacy Policy /curaffairs /curaffairs /curaffairsmag New Orleans London Delhi Rio Tokyo Stockholm Lawrence Design