Travel Brands - Clicktripz Skip to content Publishers Travel Brands About Press Careers Causes Menu Publishers Travel Brands About Press Careers Causes Contact us Contact us Clicktripz Digital Solutions for Destination Marketing Request Demo Request Media Kit Elevate Your Digital Marketing Strategy Founded in 2010, Clicktripz is among the world’s largest travel endemic ad networks, giving travel brands exclusive access to 100 million travel shoppers per month. Our direct publisher integrations do not rely on ad exchanges, and combine destination-specific contextual targeting with large format ad units, which yield the highest engagement rates of any online media channel. We partner with travel publishers across the globe, generating $1B in sales for our advertisers in 2023. With our newly launched DMO division, Clicktripz has opened these solutions to destination marketers, events and travel brands providing exclusive access to a proprietary network of travel endemic sites across the globe. Destinations now have access to contextually hyper-targeted travel audiences, reaching them as they are actively searching for trip inspiration. Our CPC-based pricing model ensures guaranteed conversions, impressions are pure value-add. Access More than 200 Travel Publishers Around the World GlobaL 100,000,000+ Monthly Travel Searches How it Works Travel publishers integrate Clicktripz code and conversion pixels across their sites. Deep technical integrations enable Clicktripz to contextually target travelers as they plan their trips. We deliver interactive marketing experiences not possible on large exchanges. Units are launched against qualified users as they interact with the travel publishers’ sites. Why it Works 100% travel-endemic contextual targeting allows you to access travelers at all stages of their planning cycle. CPC pricing ensures you only pay for qualified, interested audiences instead of hit-or-miss impressions. Direct integrations with publishers allows our network to contextually target new users based on in-session activity. We do not rely on retargeting or third-party data. Target people interested in your destination, your competitive destinations, nearby major cities, fly markets, drive markets, and more. Team of Travel Experts Our team has nearly 100 years of experience working in all facets of the travel and tourism industry. Our collective expertise spans destination marketing organizations, travel content publishers, online travel agencies, travel marketing and PR agencies, airlines and global distribution systems. Meet the team GlobaL Industry Partnerships Clicktripz is proud to partner with these organizations, supporting their efforts to empower and strengthen the tourism industry, and the communities they benefit, across the world. Ready to reach new audiences? Let’s talk targeted solutions tailored for you. First Name Last Name Destination Website URL Email How can we help you? This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply Request Demo ©2024 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Contact us What can we do for you? Find out how Clicktripz can help you today. First Name Last Name Email Phone Number How can we help you? This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply Submit Publishers Travel Brands About Press Careers Causes Publishers Travel Brands About Press Careers Causes READY TO REACH NEW AUDIENCES? Let’s talk targeted solutions tailored for you.​ First Name Last Name Destination Website URL Email Phone Number How can we help you? This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Request Demo Let’s talk targeted solutions tailored for you. Find out how Clicktripz can help you today. First Name Last Name Destination Website URL Email Phone Number How can we help you? This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Request Demo