AkzoNobel | AkzoNobel About US Back About US About us home Annual report Brands Businesses Governance Locations Position statements Sustainability Media Investors Back Investors Investors Shares and ADRs Results center Events and presentations Consensus Debt and ratings Investor feedback Investor Relations team Careers Sustainability Innovation Clear Everything we do starts with People. Planet. Paint. Q4/full-year 2023 AGM 2023 Sustainability Our brands Our businesses Locations Latest stories See all stories Operation Night Watch The heat is on Using the power of paint to cut maritime carbon emissions Shaping the future of our cities Latest news See all news AkzoNobel completes capacity expansion at Vietnam multi-site Mar 04, 2024 AkzoNobel targets growth in Pakistan as new site takes root Feb 29, 2024 AkzoNobel’s 2023 annual report published online Feb 28, 2024 AkzoNobel nominates Jaska de Bakker, Ute Wolf and Wouter Kolk for appointment to Supervisory Board Feb 27, 2024 2023 annual report published Our Report 23 is now available, providing full details of our performance during the year. READ OUR ANNUAL REPORT Q4/full-year results available Our results for Q4/full-year 2023 have been announced. Learn more about our financial performance. Download report Color of the year 2024 Sweet Embrace™ - inspired by soft feathers and evening clouds – is AkzoNobel’s Color of the Year 2024. This welcoming shade brings a sense of calm and a feeling of joy to our spaces. With the world in a state of flux, the latest trend research shows we’re on a quest to belong, seeking stability and our own ‘special somewhere’. Read more About us We supply the sustainable and innovative paints and coatings that our customers, communities – and the environment – are increasingly relying on. That’s why everything we do starts with People. Planet. Paint. Our world class portfolio of brands – including Dulux, International, Sikkens and Interpon – is trusted by customers around the globe. We’re active in more than 150 countries and have set our sights on becoming the global industry leader. It’s what you’d expect from a pioneering paints company that’s committed to science-based targets and is taking genuine action to address globally relevant challenges and protect future generations. Our businesses Our history Our purpose Our brands Our strategy Uniting partners to tackle climate change We’ve launched a 24-hour challenge to collectively reduce the carbon footprint of the vehicle repair industry. Find out more Sustainability We strive to lead our industry by pioneering a world of possibilities to empower people and reduce our impact on the planet, while consistently innovating to deliver the most sustainable solutions for our customers. That’s why we call our approach to sustainable business - People. Planet. Paint. Find out more Collaborations - We’re stronger when we all work together. Find out more about our participation in cross-industry coalitions and consortiums working on sustainability, innovation, industry challenges and more. Partnerships - Whether it’s rocking the world of art conservation with Operation Night Watch or speeding down the F1 track with McLaren, check out how we’re bringing surfaces to life with our partners. Initiatives - It’s exciting to pioneer a world of possibilities. Discover AkzoNobel-led initiatives like the ColourFutures trend report featuring our Color of the Year and Paint the Future, our collaborative innovation ecosystem. Contact us For suppliers Privacy statement Cookie policy Position statements Code of conduct SpeakUp! Cookie settings © Akzo Nobel N.V. 2024 Clear Reset Sorry, we couldn't find any results Fetching the data, please wait...