File upload & sharing. Send large photos and videos. Online cloud storage. Your browser does not support Javascript. To use this page turn on JavaScript or use another browser. Menu Solutions Data storage Automatic sync and sharing tools Integrate file uploads or API File upload form for websites Publish content Create a public profile and file catalog For sports and events Publishing content from events Sell content Sell your content publicly or privately Apps Mobile: Android New! Mobile: Apple iOS New! Sync for Windows | MacOS | Linux Network drive via Webdav Tools My public profile Convert video to mp4 Convert docs to PDF Create video room Business Pricing Upgrade My files Log in New EN English (EN) Español (ES) Deutsch (DE) Suomi (FI) Русский (РУ) Українська (UA) Latviešu (LV) Log in Sign up You have been invited by to create account and get 1GB Create free account: Google Microsoft or Coupon code I do not have a coupon code » First name Last name E-mail Password Your profile: Your profile: https://files.fm/ I already have a Files.fm account » Sign up Use a coupon By using this website, you agree to the terms and data processing: Learn more » Registred users can store and access files for unlimited time and choose to publish them in their profile. More info » By signing up, you agree to our terms of use » Choose sign-in method: Facebook Google Microsoft or Coupon code I do not have a coupon code » Username or e-mail Password Forgot password? I do not have a Files.fm account » Log in Use a coupon Enter your email address to reset your password. You may need to check your spam folder: E-mail Send recovery email Bind previous uploads from this device to your account? You can manage or delete them. No Yes Thank you! Your Files.fm account is created and an e-mail with account access data is sent to you. Close this form, fill in the information about the folder and press the button "Save and send the link". Close Please enter the two factor authentication code from your email! Log in Go back The easiest way to store and share Photos | Videos | Audio | Documents The fastest way to transfer large files Subscribe to secure storage and faster speeds Uploading... Keep your browser open Copy Copy link Copied Copy link to view View and download rights Copy edit link Can add, edit content, e-sign and delete Copy link to add One can add files, but not delete or edit existing Your files are successfully uploaded Insert this gallery into content The gallery`s shortcode: Complete! Email or share the link: Copy Copy link Copied Copy link to view View and download rights Copy edit link Can add, edit content, e-sign and delete Copy link to add One can add files, but not delete or edit existing You will receive delete link and reminder Your e-mail Separate multiple emails with a comma Recipient e-mails Folder name Access Anyone with a link Set password Private only for me Published on my profile page How long to keep files 2 days Permanently 1 day 3 days 1 week 2 weeks 1 month 2 months Password Save & send link Finish Average speed Uploaded: Start file upload or drag and drop files and folders Upload and send files securely. You will get a link to share. Receive files Create folder to receive files from others Select files and wait for a list to appear here Storage apps Use Web, Desktop and Mobile apps to access Your cloud storage Learn more Publish Create public galleries and showcase your portfolio Learn more Sell Sell ​​your digital content privately or publicly Learn more Upload form Integrate file upload form on your web page Learn more A single platform for your content Photos | Videos | Audio | Documents | and others Transfer large files in full quality Subscribe to unlimited cloud storage Automatically backup your content Share beautiful galleries Publish content on your profile page Sell digital and accept payments Control access rights Get started free Subscribe as much storage space as you need! Upgrade your account for more storage and features Basic $0 20GB for a month 5GB file size Private sharing with users Receive files Inbox Customisable content page and sales RAW to JPG conversion Convert videos to MP4 Convert docs to PDF Get started for free Most popular features PRO $7.9 /month 2TB cloud storage + add more 3 x faster speed Ad-free sharing 20GB file size 30 days Undelete Set passwords on links Access control Unlimited p2p data traffic Online Document Editing Upgrade to PRO TEAM $19 /month + VAT 2TB+ and 4 users included 200GB file size File access and activity log File versioning File recovery up to 5 years 2FA and security settings Activity and file access log Business tech support Subscribe to TEAM Use Files.fm on any device and never run out of storage space Web Windows Android iOS macOS The privacy and protection of your data is our priority Files.fm has more than fifteen years of experience in developing data storage solutions. Apply for a free consultation on business solutions. Your files are stored in secure data centers in Europe, in accordance with the GDPR data regulation. We apply multiple security layers and measures, and ensure distributed and scalable architecture Our advanced systems use the latest encryption and authentication technologies to ensure complete security of your data. Protect your data with secure cloud backups. Restore deleted files up to 5 years. Look up file versions up to 1 year. One platform, unlimited possibilities PRO Cloud Storage for Digital Content Creators Useful tools for every file type Whether you create photos, videos, music or documents, we enable seamless handling of all file types Photos and videos in high quality Share images from sport games and other events for participants to download in high resolution Private galleries for your clients Create beautiful galleries and securely share it to them for convenient preview and download Customisable public page to showcase your content Publish your portfolio or create a public gallery with or without download option Store and share your knowledge and creativity Video course, e-book, podcast, design - whatever you are good at - store, share or sell it with ease Tools to sell and monetise your content Set up price and sell your content publicly or privately. Specify usage rights, view statistics and receive money Create an account and get more features! Get started Sign up and get cloud storage, securely share files and sell digital content Why choose files.fm and subscribe Show more Collapse Private data storage at a good price Unlimited traffic and fast parallel uploads Preview and stream photo, video, audio content Automatic convert RAW to JPG. Video to MP4. Docs to PDF Online Document editing and collaboration Automatic Antivirus scans Tools to sell content and receive payments Secure and General Data Protection Regulation compliant Multi-gigabyte transfers while maintaining quality Set passwords on links and expiration dates Automatic synchronization and backup. Recover deleted files. e-signature support, comments and file tagging Disable file downloads - view only mode Advanced search. Tag and EXIF ​​support. AI image recognition. Detailed log of activities, file access and download analytics Content embedding and API integrations 2008 - 2024 EU Files.fm cloud storage Files.fm cloud storage platform provides everything you need to store, share, publish or sell any type of content: photos, videos, music, apps, books and docs Get started Create account / Login Pricing Business Data security Terms Questions Files.fm Token Solutions File sync Encrypted Backups File upload form Virtual servers Content sales e-commerce Content publishing Apps Mobile: Android | Apple iOS Sync: Windows | MacOS Convert to PDF | Convert to MP4 Webdav network drive Files.fm Library Support User forum Discord chat Contact us About Files.fm API For developers 2008 - 2024 EU Files.fm cloud storage