Official Tennessee Dept. of Tourism - Start Planning the Perfect Trip Skip to main content By continuing to browse this site, you're accepting the use of cookies. Want to know more? Read about it in our Privacy Policy Close Cookie Acceptance Notification Stay Inspired Get exclusive stories delivered right to your inbox. Please use a valid email address. Email Read our Privacy Policy Thank you! Check your email — trip inspiration will be hitting your inbox soon. Close Email Signup Notification Hi, Hello! Travel is good for the soul. We'll email you inspiration. Please use a valid email address. Email Read our Privacy Policy No thanks, I'd rather stay home. Thank you! Check your email — trip inspiration will be hitting your inbox soon. Main navigation Cities & Regions Experiences Plan Your Trip Events Events My Trip0 Stay Inspired Search Memphis Nashville Knoxville Chattanooga Gatlinburg Pigeon Forge Sevierville Bristol Explore all cities & regions City Search Celebrate Eat & Drink Family History Music Outdoor Adventure Road Trips Scenic Trips Sports Explore all Experiences Things to Do Eat & Drink Places to Stay Event Calendar Trails & Byways Trip Inspiration Tennessee Music Pathways Kid Reviewed TN Playcation Explore all ways to plan The free Tennessee Vacation Guide is here We talked to locals all over the state to get you the best of Tennessee. Order your free printed guide or browse the digital version to start planning your next vacation. Get It Now Start Planning Tap “Add to Trip” on anything you like. Then it’s easy to share, send or save your perfect Tennessee vacation. Welcome to TN No matter what you like, you can find something to love in Tennessee. Check out our latest highlights to discover inspiration for your next trip. Order Your Guide Join the Celebration Get Yours Now Explore Now Read the Reviews Experiences Discover the authentic experiences and places that can only be found in Tennessee. Mind-blowing music venues and museums for every taste. Find your Beat Once-in-a-lifetime experiences for the entire family. Take a family vacation Journeys worth taking that are off the beaten path. Take a Roadtrip Places, people and landmarks that shaped what Tennessee — and America — is today. Relive History Culinary adventures for the foodie in everyone Follow your craving Invigorating outdoor adventures await. Start Exploring A land of beauty, magic and discovery. See the sights If you're not a die-hard fan yet, you will be. Get in on the action The ultimate bachelor/ette getaway. (Or a friends getaway just because.) Gather your friends Celebrate Winter Getaways in Tennessee Cozy up in Tennessee in the winter at these getaways near you for the best winter vacation. Read Now Add to TripRemove Inspiration Crafted for You Find and save things and places to eat, sleep, sip, savor, dance, discover and explore during your Tennessee travels. If something sparks your interest, click the button. We’ll keep it all organized for you. Celebrate Spring & Summer Festivals in Tennessee It's time to start planning for a spring and summer vacation. Read More Add to TripRemove Tennessee Inspiration Get in Touch (Literally) With Nature at the Tennessee Aquarium Chattanooga is filled with Tennessee experiences. Just ask lifestyle blogger, Anna Liesemeyer of In Honor of Design, who recently took her family to experience them. Read More Add to TripRemove Knoxville Inspiration Where to eat when you're in Knoxville Get a Made in Tennessee taste in Knoxville. Read More Add to TripRemove Knoxville Inspiration A Made in Tennessee Journey to Knoxville Culture, creativity, and a wealth of music options, Knoxville beckons with its laid back sophistication. Read More Add to TripRemove History Tennessee Appalachian History Comes to Life at Museum of Appalachia A visual feast of the treasures that wait at Museum of Appalachia. Read More Add to TripRemove Tennessee Inspiration Tennessee's Rural Roads: Home to the Appalachian Quilt Trail The stories of Tennessee's rural communities can be found along The Appalachian Quilt Trail. Read More Add to TripRemove Tennessee Inspiration Secret Waterfalls in Tennessee Little to no crowds. Places of instant respite. Explore these off-the-beaten-path Tennessee waterfalls. Read More Add to TripRemove Outdoor Adventure 6 Tennessee hikes you have to experience to believe Check out these six trails to experience the beauty of Tennessee. Read More Add to TripRemove Tennessee Inspiration Tennessee Presidential Sites Worth A Visit Follow these presidents to Tennessee to learn about their lives before heading to the White House. Read More Add to TripRemove More Trip Inspiration HistoryThe Ultimate Tennessee Road Trip for History BuffsTennessee is a veritable wonderland for lovers of history and heritage. Read NowAdd to TripRemove Close Email Signup Sign up to receive trip ideas and inspiration from Tennessee Tourism. Please use a valid email address. Email No thanks, I’m not into adventure Read our Privacy Policy Thank you! Check your email — trip inspiration will be hitting your inbox soon. Get your free 2024 Tennessee vacation guide Discover the best of Tennessee as told by the people who make it so special. Order Your Guide Get Tennessee Inspiration Sent Straight to your inbox Sign Up Build your family’s Get Yours Now Footer: Industry Links Industry Partner Login Industry Resources Press & Media Room Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Travel Tools Transportation Map Travel to Tennessee Sustainable Travel Welcome Centers Travel Pros Contact Us Domestic International Travel Trade Other Sites Civil War Trail Fish Tennessee Kid Reviewed Pick TN Products Play TN Sports TN Government Connect with Tennessee Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube SnapChat Official website of the Tennessee Department of Tourist Development © 2023. All Rights Reserved. All other marks belong to their respective owners.