University of Nottingham Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Skip navigation UK China Malaysia Magnifying glass Study Study with us Undergraduate Postgraduate International Students Degree Apprenticeships Fees and funding Open Days About History Awards Calendar and key dates University structure Global University strategy Facts and figures Research Case studies Innovation and partnerships Public engagement Policy advisory Business Knowledge and expertise Develop your workforce Recruit our students Funding opportunities Access facilities and equipment Case studies News and events News Blogs Upcoming events Contact Media Team Contact Study with us enquiries General enquiries School and Department Staff look-up Visit us Current students Staff Alumni Skip Navigation Study Study with us Browse study area Study Options Undergraduate Postgraduate International Students Degree Apprenticeships Fees and funding Open Days Upcoming events Virtual tour Campus Information Campus life Accommodation Student Union Sport Student Services Living in Nottingham study-popular-links Chat to students Graduate recruitment Clearing Facilities Libraries About Discover more about us Browse about us area About Us History Awards Calendar and key dates University structure Global University strategy Facts and figures Browse By Faculties School or department Research centres and institutes Professional Service Department Jobs Jobs home How to apply Benefits FAQs Contact Jobs Team Related links Campus information Getting here Our response to the coronavirus crisis Vice-Chancellor Facilities Libraries Lakeside Arts David Ross Sports Village Research Discover our research Browse research area Our Research Impact Case studies Public engagement Policy advisory Innovation and partnerships Browse By Faculty research Research centres and institutes Facilities and Resources Libraries Conference centres Find an academic Contact Research Team Related links Research news Beacons of excellence Our response to the coronavirus crisis Interdisciplinary research Researcher academy Working with business Digital research Research policy and engagement Business Working with business Knowledge and expertise Develop your workforce Recruit our students Funding opportunities Access facilities and equipment Case studies Collaborate with us News and events Explore news and events News Blogs Upcoming events Contact Media Team Contact Get in-touch Study with us enquiries General enquiries School and Department Staff look-up Visit us Search Magnifying glass Current students Staff Alumni UK China Malaysia What are you looking for? Search Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Where passion finds purpose This is the place that prepares you for take-off View courses Find your dream course Search keyword Search keyword Select study level Undergraduate Postgraduate Research opportunities Apprenticeships Online Preparatory English Let's go Please add a keyword and select a level of study. Popular links Why UoN? How to apply Chat to students and staff Virtual tour Popular links Why UoN? How to apply Chat to students and staff Virtual tour Browser does not support script. Postgraduate study Supercharge your prospects with a masters degree. Discover more Open Days 2024 Visit our stunning campuses. Book your place No. 2 in the UK for top employers (High Fliers Graduate Report 2023) No. 7 in the UK for research power (Research Excellence Framework 2021) No. 16 in the UK (THE World University Rankings 2024) Research From dedication to discovery, to changing lives together. From our world to yours. We are UoN research. Explore Nottingham research Sustainable Development Goals 100 ways to change the world Our REF2021 results University news See all news Humans have driven the Earth’s freshwater cycle out of its stable state A new analysis of freshwater resources across the globe shows that human activity has pushed variation in the planet’s freshwater cycle well outside of its pre-industrial range. Read more Changes to risk warnings could result in nearly 14% more cash being invested by the public Research by TISA and the University of Nottingham shows that providing balanced, contextualised risk warnings resulted in an approximately 14% increase in cash invested in Stocks & Shares. Read more University of Nottingham collaboration scoops Manufacturing Technology award A multi-site collaboration between the University of Nottingham, Loughborough University and Coventry University is celebrating after winning the “Manufacturing Technology” category at this year’s Collaborate to Innovate (C2I) Awards. Read more Mock road collision gives students insight into patient journey Academics from the University of Nottingham joined paramedics and firefighters this week for a road traffic collision (RTC) exercise to help health science students to better understand a patient’s journey from road to hospital. Read more See all news Featured events See all events 21MarchFameLab 2024 East Midlands Live FinalRead more06MarchBiosciences PG open day 2024Read more See all events Browser does not support script. Quick links Academic schools and departments Professional services Visit our Sport page Cripps Health Centre Lakeside Arts Find out more about our conference facilities Students Student services Health and wellbeing Digital services Moodle Library Staff Working here Wellbeing Digital services Vacancies Alumni Community Connect with our alumni through news and events Donate Get in touch +44(0) 115 951 5151 Lines are open: Monday - Friday 9:00am - 4:30pm University of Nottingham University Park Nottingham, NG7 2RD United Kingdom Quick links Academic schools and departments Professional services Sport Cripps Health Centre Lakeside Arts Conferences Students Student services Health and wellbeing Digital services Moodle Library Staff Working here Wellbeing Digital services Vacancies Alumni Community Connect Donate Copyright © 2010 - 2024 University of Nottingham Privacy | Terms and conditions | Accessibility | Posting rules | Freedom of information | Charity gateway | Cookie policy | Cookie Settings | Modern slavery statement Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script.