World Nuclear Association - World Nuclear Association Javascript Required!Javascript is required for this site. Go MENU Nuclear Essentials Information Library Facts and Figures Country Profiles Countries A-F Countries G-N Countries O-S Countries T-Z Ukraine: Russia-Ukraine War and Nuclear Energy Others Nuclear Fuel Cycle Introduction Uranium Resources Mining of Uranium Conversion Enrichment and Fabrication Nuclear Power Reactors Fuel Recycling Nuclear Waste Transport Safety and Security Safety of Plants Radiation and Health Non-Proliferation Security Non-power Nuclear Applications Industry Transport Current and Future Generation Energy and the Environment Economic Aspects Our Association Who We Are What We Do Membership Publications Press Press Statements Briefings Events Gallery Shop Nuclear energy and climate change Ukraine and nuclear energy Member Login Information Library A-Z Home / Nuclear Essentials | Information Library | Our Association | Press | Events Members Login Net Zero Nuclear A new initiative with the goal of a tripling of nuclear capacity by 2050 to help the global drive to net zero greenhouse gas emissions. Access the new website to find out more. The Nuclear Fuel Report Discover the 21st edition of the Association's landmark report. Free for our members and available for purchase. World Nuclear Performance Report 2023 The new edition contains key metrics and case studies highlighting nuclear reactor construction and operational performance Read the latest report > At Work 2023 At Work 2023, the World Nuclear Association's annual report, highlights our activities over the last year and plans for the year ahead. Download it now > Nuclear Essentials > Information Library > Our Association > Press > Events > Members Login > Browse our information library index ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ World Nuclear Supply Chain 2023 Presenting a market-oriented assessment of the outlook for the nuclear industry. Discover more > CORDEL Workshop Korea 2024 Registration for CORDEL Workshop Korea 2024 is now open! Read more and register > Vacancy Notice We are recruiting for two new roles. Apply now. Apply now > Become a member Publications Global Trends Reports Our detailed analysis Access reports > Policy Papers Policy documents for decision makers Read documents > Working Group Reports Industry expert publications Access reports > Books Publications available from the World Nuclear Association Shop Purchase > Annual Reports Highlights of the activities of our Association. Download reports > Technical position papers Key industry issues. Read papers > Public Consultations Our input on matters affecting the nuclear industry. View submissions > Shop The Nuclear Fuel Report: Global Scenarios for Demand and Supply Availability 2023-2040 More Information > The World Nuclear Supply Chain 2023 More Information > Nuclear English: Language Skills for a Globalizing Industry More Information > Nuclear Energy in the 21st Century 4th Edition More Information > Advanced Radiation Technology More Information > Get the latest news and info Sign up to our WNN Daily and Weekly emails and events announcements. Subscribe > World Nuclear News podcast Listen to the latest episode of the new monthly World Nuclear News podcast. Listen > At Work 2023 The annual report of the World Nuclear Association's activities. Download > Tweets by @WorldNuclear World Nuclear News Grid connection for Vogtle 4 Published: Mon, 04 Mar 2024 12:59:28 GMT The AP1000 reactor is now generating electricity and was connected to the grid for the first time on 1 March, Georgia Power has announced. Fourth Barakah unit starts up Published: Fri, 01 Mar 2024 14:20:25 GMT The Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation has announced the successful start-up by its operating and maintenance subsidiary Nawah Energy Company of the fourth unit at the Barakah nuclear power plant in the United Arab Emirates. French reactor using full core of recycled uranium fuel Published: Fri, 01 Mar 2024 15:03:57 GMT Unit 2 of the Cruas-Meysse nuclear power plant in south-eastern France was recently restarted with its first full core of recycled uranium fuel. The move marks a major milestone in France's efforts to revive its domestic uranium reprocessing industry. Plans announced for pilot US nuclear fuel recycling plant Published: Fri, 01 Mar 2024 13:03:49 GMT Orano USA and SHINE Technologies have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to cooperate on the development of a US pilot plant with commercial-scale technology for recycling used nuclear fuel from light water reactors. IsoEnergy to reopen Utah uranium mine Published: Fri, 01 Mar 2024 13:22:30 GMT The Saskatoon-based company will reopen underground access at the Tony M uranium mine in Utah during the first half of this year, with the goal of restarting uranium production operations in 2025, should market conditions continue as expected. Canada provides federal funds for Bruce C pre-development Published: Thu, 29 Feb 2024 16:58:57 GMT The federal government is providing CAD50 million of funding to support pre-development work to study the feasibility of building 4800 MWe of new generating capacity at the Bruce site in Ontario. As JET's vital role celebrated ... could UK rejoin Euratom in 2028? Published: Thu, 29 Feb 2024 15:12:22 GMT Hundreds of former staff gathered to mark the achievements of the Joint European Torus in progressing nuclear fusion. The project has been a positive example of international collaboration, those attending were told, and the European Union hopes the UK will rejoin its Euratom and Fusion4Energy programme from 2028. Canadian AP1000 deployment could bring billions in economic benefits, study finds Published: Thu, 29 Feb 2024 15:06:53 GMT The deployment of four AP1000 units in Ontario could have an impact of more than CAD28.7 billion (USD21.2 billion) on Canada's GDP during the manufacturing, engineering and construction phase alone, an independent study has found. PEJ seeks insurance for Polish nuclear power plant Published: Thu, 29 Feb 2024 14:42:08 GMT Polskie Elektrownie Jądrowe, which is responsible for the construction of Poland's first nuclear power plant, has joined the Mutual Insurance Association of the Polish Mutual Insurance Institution. It said the move is an important step toward providing insurance coverage for the project. Licensing of El Cabril expansion progresses Published: Thu, 29 Feb 2024 13:42:25 GMT The Spanish government has issued the Environmental Impact Statement for the project to construct the southeast platform for the disposal of low and intermediate-level radioactive waste in the El Cabril disposal facility in Hornachuelos, in Córdoba province. Nuclear Essentials Information Library Facts and Figures Country Briefings Nuclear Fuel Cycle Current and Future Generation Safety and Security Energy and the Environment Economic Aspects Non-power Nuclear Applications Our Association Who we are What we do Membership Publications Shop Press Statements Briefings Gallery Events Members Login Contact Privacy Notice ¦ Cookies Policy ¦ Terms & Conditions ¦ Reuse of World Nuclear Association Content © 2016-2023 World Nuclear Association, registered in England and Wales, number 01215741. Registered office: Tower House, 10 Southampton Street, London, WC2E 7HA, United Kingdom