Foreign Policy – the Global Magazine of News and Ideas Skip to navigation Skip to search Skip to main content Skip to footer Show expanded website navigation Foreign Policy Magazine Foreign Policy Magazine Primary Navigation Latest Regions Newsletters FP Live Latest Trending: Constitutional crisis in Senegal Israel-Hamas war Website Search and Account Management Search Icon Sign In Sign In Give a Gift Give a Gift Group Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Subscribe Subscribe Upgrade Upgrade Show expanded website navigation Preferences My FP Feed Saved Articles Newsletters Magazine Archive Subscription Settings FAQs Log Out Close expanded menu Foreign Policy Magazine Foreign Policy Magazine Sign In Sign In Give a Gift Give a Gift Group Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Subscribe Subscribe Upgrade Upgrade Preferences My FP Feed Saved Articles Newsletters Magazine Archive Subscription Settings FAQs Log Out Close expanded menu Latest Newsletters World Brief Editors’ Picks Africa Brief China Brief Latin America Brief South Asia Brief Situation Report Flash Points See All Topics War in Ukraine Israel and Hamas U.S.-China competition Biden's foreign policy Trade and economics Artificial intelligence Regions Asia & the Pacific China Middle East & Africa Americas Europe FP Live Biden’s State of the Union March 8 See All Podcasts Ones and Tooze podcast logo Ones & Tooze I Spy I Spy FP Live podcast logo Foreign Policy Live See All Magazine Winter 2024 Issue Winter 2024 Issue Print Archive See All FP Analytics In-depth Special Reports Issue Briefs Power Maps and Interactive Microsites FP Simulations & PeaceGames Graphics Database See All Events Defending Democracy February 29 Promise Over Peril: Part Five March 14 Her Power 2024 April 18 FP Climate Summit 2024 April 18 See All Search Search Icon Additional Navigation Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook FP SOLUTIONS FP Analytics FP Events FP Studios Simulations and Peacegames Advertise with FP Country Reports Subscription Services Your FP Account Group Subscriptions Reprint Permissions FP Magazine Archive Buy Back Issues EDUCATION Graduate Education Guide FP for Education Institutional Access ABOUT FP Writer's Guidelines Meet the Staff Work at FP Contact FP Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents (c) 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Powered by WordPress VIP Close expanded website navigation Asia & the Pacific China Middle East & Africa Americas Europe Close expanded menu Enter your email Sign Up By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. World Brief Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Africa Brief Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent China Brief The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Situation Report Weekly update on what’s driving U.S. national security policy Editors’ Picks Evening roundup with our editors’ favorite stories of the day Latin America Brief One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture South Asia Brief Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors Flash Points A curated selection of our very best long reads View All Newsletters Close expanded menu Search Search Icon Foreign Policy Magazine - home page RUSSIA’S WAR IN UKRAINE: Understanding the conflict two years on. Primary featured article section A man walks past the grave of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny at the Borisovo cemetery in Moscow. Russian Crackdown Continues Unabated After Navalny’s Death More than 100 people were detained during memorials for the opposition leader on Friday. Report | Amy Mackinnon The Central Bank of Russia in Moscow. Europe Edges Closer to ‘Plan B’ for Using Frozen Russian Money Leery of seizing all of Russia’s state assets, Europe may opt for a next-best approach that could still provide Ukraine billions of euros a year. Analysis | Keith Johnson Chief Osabarima Kwesi Atta II (left) looks on as U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris reacts after receiving traditional Kente cloths at the Emintsimadze Palace in Cape Coast, Ghana, on March 28, 2023. Biden Should Ditch Trump’s Tainted Legacy in Africa The administration’s policy is too much talk and too little action. Argument | Jeffrey Smith GettyImages-915714916 (1) The ‘Military Schengen’ Era Is Here The first step for Europe’s common military ambitions is figuring out free movement. Analysis | Anchal Vohra Recent Israel Carries Out Overnight Raids in West Bank World Brief | Alexandra Sharp March 4, 2024, 7:00 PM Sign up for World Brief Get World Brief in your inbox Enter your email Sign Up ✓ Signed Up Unsubscribe By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. The Big Lesson From the West’s Last Invasion of Russia Review | Theodore Bunzel March 3, 2024, 6:00 PM Why Farmers Are Protesting Around the World Flash Points | Chloe Hadavas March 3, 2024, 10:00 AM 2024’s International Oscar Contenders Are Unusually Intriguing Review | Jordan Hoffman March 3, 2024, 7:00 AM Asia & the Pacific Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina speaks as she is sworn in for a fifth term in Dhaka, Bangladesh, on Jan. 11. Bangladesh and U.S. Pursue Post-Election Reset South Asia Brief | Michael Kugelman How Will Prabowo Lead Indonesia? Where the Resistance Rules in Myanmar Why Are Asia’s Democratic Leaders So Popular? China An aerial photo of a resort lit up at night. Chinese Exceptionalism Just Won’t Die Review | Yasheng Huang Can Beijing Contain the Property Crisis? Beijing’s Post-Election Plan for Taiwan China Starts the Lunar New Year With an Economic Hangover Middle East & Africa Opposition supporters chant and hold up Senegalese flags during a demonstration in Dakar. How Macky Sall Provoked a Constitutional Crisis in Senegal Analysis | Elodie Toto China Wants to Weaken, Not Replace, the U.S. in the Middle East The Brutal Logic to Israel’s Actions in Gaza Washington Wants to Revive a Critical Minerals Mega-Railway Through Africa Europe The cover of the newspaper, the Evening Standard, is seen on a busy street in London. The Real Reason Britain Can’t Change Review | Marie Le Conte The West Can No Longer Hesitate on Ukraine Russia’s Opposition Needs More Than One Savior Ukrainian Civilians Are Pioneering the Art of Resistance Americas Hundreds of electric cars rest on large racks, each one with three layers of cars, beneath a smoggy sky at the container terminal of a port in China's eastern Jiangsu Province. Cranes and stacks of shipping containers loom in the background, and the ocean is visible beyond that. Biden Cracks Down on Chinese Electric Vehicles Analysis | Christina Lu, Rishi Iyengar Colombia’s Confrontational Climate Policy Ecuador Needs Economic Support to Fight Its War on Gangs Trump’s International Fan Club Descends on Maryland FP Insider logo Subscribe for access to exclusive articles, insights, and more Republican presidential candidate and former President Donald Trump gestures to supporters as Sen. Tim Scott looks on during an election night watch party at the state fairgrounds in Columbia, South Carolina. How Trump Is Mobilizing an Isolationist Worldview Insider | Ravi Agrawal Ukrainian flags at a cemetery How the West Can Still Turn the Tide for Ukraine Insider | Ravi Agrawal A vertically split image shows former U.S. President Donald Trump on the left and current U.S. President Joe Biden on the right. Both men are shown from the chest upward, wearing dark suits. What America’s Gerontocracy Means for its Economy Insider | Cameron Abadi, Adam Tooze In the Magazine Current Issue: Winter 2024 | Archives An illustration shows echoing overlapping images of U.S. President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump. What Another Trump-Biden Showdown Means for the World Potential effects on the U.S. commitment to multilateralism, climate change, Taiwan, and more. Essay | Leslie Vinjamuri The Field of Geopolitics Offers Both Promise and Peril The world’s most dismal science could make Eurasia safe for illiberalism and predation—or protect it from those forces. Essay | Hal Brands What AI Will Do to Elections Report | Rishi Iyengar The Specter of Nationalism Essay | Pratap Bhanu Mehta FP Columnists Anchal Vohra The ‘Military Schengen’ Era Is Here Catherine Osborn Colombia’s Confrontational Climate Policy Steven A. Cook War Between Israel and Hezbollah Is Becoming Inevitable Michael Kugelman Bangladesh and U.S. Pursue Post-Election Reset FP Live Events Join in-depth conversations and interact with foreign-policy experts. | Upcoming | Past | About U.S. President Joe Biden delivers the State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress on February 7, 2023 in the House Chamber of the U.S. Capitol in Washington, DC. March 8, 2024 | 12:00pm ET Biden’s State of the Union When U.S. President Joe Biden delivers his State of the Union address, foreign policy will be higher up on the agenda than usual. Watch... READ MORE Register Ask a Question Ask a Question Email By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to occasionally receive special offers from Foreign Policy. ✓ Registered | Ask a Question Ask a Question | Add to Calendar Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN ivo-no-logo Is America Becoming Isolationist? anders-no-logo Anders Fogh Rasmussen on Two Years of Russia’s War in Ukraine thumb FP at the Munich Security Conference: Decoding Disinformation gita-no-logo Gita Gopinath on the Global Economy Subscribers’ Picks A member of a Ukrainian special police unit falls after firing a D-30 howitzer toward Russian positions near Kreminna, Ukraine, on July 7, 2023. Two Years On, What’s Next in Ukraine? Eight thinkers shed light on the state of the war. Analysis | Angela Stent, Jo Inge Bekkevold, Kristi Raik, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Agathe Demarais, Franz-Stefan Gady, David Petraeus, C. Raja Mohan, Stefan Theil A photo illustration showing major geopolitical events with a down arrow cracking the earth to illustrate a hard landing A Geopolitical Hard Landing Is All Too Possible The time for intervention is now. Analysis | Jared Cohen A stadium full of people, most wearing red, wave Russian flags. Ukraine Isn’t Putin’s War—It’s Russia’s War Jade McGlynn’s books paint an unsettling picture of ordinary Russians’ support for the invasion and occupation of Ukraine. Review | Keir Giles A photo collage illustration showing Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, the white house, a soldier and phone imagery representative of communication The Age of Intelligence Diplomacy The Iraq War highlighted its risks. Russia’s war in Ukraine showcased its opportunities. Argument | Brett M. Holmgren Weekend Reads Seri/Graph studio illustrations for Foreign Policy Ukrainian Artists Struggle With War’s Impact Questions of authenticity and loss hang over new works. Feature | Oleksandra Povoroznyk A woman frowns as she balances a bag of rice on her head. The bag is printed with the red stripes and blue field of stars of the American flag. How Haiti Became an Aid State Review | Benjamin Hebblethwaite A flower is seen in a broken window in a Ukraine building riddled with bullet holes. A Tale of Haunted Love Captures Wartime Ukraine Review | Natalia Antonova In black and white, a crowd of protestors and workers ride along an urban street in tractors and cars. The vast crowd reaches and disappears into the top left of the frame down the long street surrounded by trees on either side. In the near foreground a man riding in the front carriage of a car holds a tall sign that reads (in French): Ah ! Mansholt. You tell us that milk is too expensive but you benefit from third countries which produce the expensive margarine. The Enduring Power of ‘La Terre’ Essay | Robert Zaretsky Books Children play near a large screen showing images of Chinese President Xi Jinping. China’s Secret to Controlling the Internet The CCP uses manpower, not just technology, to limit speech. Excerpt | Minxin Pei Crypto-books-review The Crypto Con Years Aren’t Over Yet Review | David Gerard A World Safe for Commerce: American Foreign Policy From the Revolution to the Rise of China, Dale C. Copeland, Princeton University Press, 504 pp., $38, February 2024 When Economics and Great-Power Foreign Policy Collide Review | Bronwen Everill Revolutionary Spring: Europe Aflame and the Fight for a New World, 1848-1849, Christopher Clark, Crown, 896 pp., $40, June 2023 Why Some Revolutions Fail to Make History Review | Sheri Berman The book cover of The Rebel’s Clinic: The Revolutionary Lives of Frantz Fanon What the World Got Wrong About Frantz Fanon Review | Kevin Ochieng Okoth Book covers for 2:37 South Korea’s Grand Strategy: Making Its Own Destiny and The United States-South Korea Alliance: Why It May Fail and Why It Must Not Why Middle Powers Can’t Pursue Grand Strategy Review | Jo Inge Bekkevold The book cover of Where Have All the Democrats Gone? The Soul of the Party in the Age of Extremes. Socialism Doesn’t Win American Elections Review | Stan Veuger Trending The ‘Military Schengen’ Era Is Here Analysis | Anchal Vohra Europe Edges Closer to ‘Plan B’ for Using Frozen Russian Money Analysis | Keith Johnson War Between Israel and Hezbollah Is Becoming Inevitable Argument | Steven A. Cook Two Years On, What’s Next in Ukraine? Analysis | Angela Stent, Jo Inge Bekkevold, Kristi Raik, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Agathe Demarais, Franz-Stefan Gady, David Petraeus, C. Raja Mohan, Stefan Theil Russian Crackdown Continues Unabated After Navalny’s Death Report | Amy Mackinnon Chinese Exceptionalism Just Won’t Die Review | Yasheng Huang The Big Lesson From the West's Last Invasion of Russia Review | Theodore Bunzel How Will Prabowo Lead Indonesia? Analysis | Salil Tripathi China’s Defense Budget Is Much Bigger Than It Looks Argument | Peter Robertson, Wilson Beaver The Dark Side of Rwanda’s Rebirth Review | Mvemba Phezo Dizolele Visual Stories The shell of a building damaged during the 30 years of occupation in the outskirts of Agdam, Azerbaijan, in November 2023. The Land That Was Once Nagorno-Karabakh A contested environmental legacy looms over three decades of conflict. Dispatch | Hannah Lucinda Smith People take photographs of the sunset over the Chinese city Xiamen amid anti-tank barricades from previous conflicts in Kinmen, Taiwan. Does Ukraine Offer Lessons for Taiwan? Two years in, IR experts are divided on whether the U.S. response to Russia’s war will deter a Chinese invasion. Analysis | Irene Entringer García Blanes, Ian Harman, Susan Peterson, Michael J. Tierney Latest Israel Carries Out Overnight Raids in West Bank March 4, 2024 Europe Edges Closer to ‘Plan B’ for Using Frozen Russian Money March 4, 2024 Biden Should Ditch Trump’s Tainted Legacy in Africa March 4, 2024 Russian Crackdown Continues Unabated After Navalny’s Death March 4, 2024 The ‘Military Schengen’ Era Is Here March 4, 2024 See All Stories Loading graphics Footer navigation Foreign Policy Magazine Foreign Policy Magazine Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook FP SOLUTIONS FP Analytics FP Events FP Studios Simulations and Peacegames Advertise with FP Country Reports Subscription Services Your FP Account Group Subscriptions Reprint Permissions FP Magazine Archive Buy Back Issues EDUCATION Graduate Education Guide FP for Education Institutional Access ABOUT FP Writer's Guidelines Meet the Staff Work at FP Contact FP Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents (c) 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Powered by WordPress VIP