New York Magazine Intelligencer The Cut Vulture The Strategist Curbed Grub Street Magazine Subscribe to the Magazine Give a Gift Subscription Buy Back Issues Current Issue Contents New York Shop Newsletters Subscribe Sign In Account Profile Sign Out Subscribe Today For Just $1 Menu Menu Close Close Search Intelligencer Politics Technology Business Ideas The Cut Style Self Culture Power The Cut Shop Vulture TV Movies Comedy Music Books Art Theater What to Stream Curbed Cityscape Design Hunting The Real Estate Best of New York The Strategist Gift Guides Sales Beauty Home Kitchen + Dining Fashion Travel Tech & Electronics Fitness Kids & Babies Grub Street Restaurants & Bars The Thousand Best The Magazine Crossword Current Issue Subscribe Gift Subscriptions Buy Back Issues More About New York Shop Newsletters Podcasts Videos Best Doctors Top Rated Lawyers Sign In Subscribe Search Like Us Follow Us Follow Your browser does not support the video tag. Action! Picking His Fights The twists and turns of Jake Gyllenhaal’s unlikely, unsettling action career. By Bilge Ebiri take two And the Winners of the 2024 Stunt Awards Are … Over 200 action pros voted on the bruisingest, nakedist, and base-jumpiest achievements of the year. fight club Watch Out for the Killer Gams Leg crush. Flying scissor. Whatever you call it, the move has become an inescapable part of action heroine fights. By Alison Willmore What did we ever like about each other? Esther Perel helps a couple with a young child who can't stop fighting. Latest News Latest Intelligencer News, Politics, Business & Tech Latest The Cut Style, Self, Culture, Power Latest Vulture Devouring Culture Latest Strategist Shopping the Internet Smartly Latest Curbed A Site for City People Latest Grub Street Daily Food News Latest News Intelligencer The Cut Vulture Strategist Curbed Grub Street Queen Camilla Is Reportedly OOO Sounds like the royal family may be drastically understaffed. Will the Real Kate Moss Please Stand Up? A Kate Moss look-alike, Denise Ohnona, is confusing people at Paris Fashion Week. Biden Should Quit Hiding From the Protesters Morality and American democracy require the president embrace rather than dismiss pro-Palestinian voices. Is Biden in Denial About the Polls? Or is the happy talk just spin? Top Trump Org Exec Admits Perjury, But Still Won’t Flip Former CFO Allen Weisselberg’s plea could serve as a warning to other witnesses against lying under oath ahead of future Trump-related cases. Supreme Court Says Colorado Cannot Kick Trump Off the Ballot States will not be able to declare Trump ineligible to hold office based on the Constitution’s post–Civil War era insurrectionist ban. Saturday Night Live Recap: Sydney Sweeney’s Saturday Night Yikes SNL can’t figure out how to best use guest host Sydney Sweeney. Taylor Swift Recruits a Few Professors for Her New Album The Tortured Poets Department is out April 19, featuring Post Malone and Florence + the Machine. 2024 Senate Races: Democrats’ Tough Path to Keep Control The deck is stacked for Republicans, but polls show many of the Democratic incumbents will be hard to beat. Sydney Sweeney Denies Glen Powell Affair in SNL Monologue He was watching from the audience, like a good work husband would be. Movie Theaters Are Doin’ the Most for Dune: Part Two And it’s paying off at the box office. Iris Apfel, Colorful Fashion Icon, Dead at 102 The so-called “geriatric starlet” was the subject of a 2014 documentary by Albert Maysles. Is This the Most Lavish Wedding of All Time? The world’s billionaires are flocking to India for a prenuptial bash featuring Rihanna. Why Katie Britt’s Giving the GOP Response to Biden’s State of the Union Address She’s young, smart, photogenic, a Trump favorite, and can smooth over her state’s court decision stopping IVF treatments. Trump Complains Migrants Use Languages ‘Nobody Speaks’ Trump insists he only makes confusing remarks for “comedic effect.” But his weird remarks during his border visit seem more racist than funny. What We Know About the Latest Federal Raid on a Top Adams Aide Agents raided homes owned by Winnie Greco, director of Asian affairs in the mayor’s administration. Alexei Navalny Was Buried to the Terminator 2 Theme Song The defiant, witty Russian opposition leader got in one last laugh at his Moscow funeral. Joe Biden Was Worried the Kids Weren’t Having Enough Sex The president has reportedly been advising his aides on the importance of “making love.” Did the Supreme Court Fight Over Delaying Trump’s Trial? Law professor Steve Vladeck suggests what may have happened behind the scenes of the decision to hear Trump’s immunity case. Mar. 4, 2024 CA Senate Polls: Schiff Helps Garvey Top Fellow Democrats Adam Schiff spent millions to ensure a long-shot GOP candidate will be his general-election rival. Polls of the March 5 primary show it’s working. Mar. 4, 2024 Biden Should Quit Hiding From the Protesters Morality and American democracy require the president embrace rather than dismiss pro-Palestinian voices. Mar. 4, 2024 Is Biden in Denial About the Polls? Or is the happy talk just spin? Mar. 4, 2024 Top Trump Org Exec Admits Perjury, But Still Won’t Flip Former CFO Allen Weisselberg’s plea could serve as a warning to other witnesses against lying under oath ahead of future Trump-related cases. Mar. 4, 2024 Haley Breaks Primary Losing Streak Ahead of Super Tuesday She won Washington, D.C., with a tiny number of GOP votes. Given what’s likely to happen to her on March 5, any win over Trump is welcome. Mar. 4, 2024 Supreme Court Says Colorado Cannot Kick Trump Off the Ballot States will not be able to declare Trump ineligible to hold office based on the Constitution’s post–Civil War era insurrectionist ban. Mar. 4, 2024 The 14th Amendment Effort Only Ended Up Helping Trump It was a wild law-school hypothetical sprung to life. It only ended up giving Trump’s candidacy a boost. Mar. 4, 2024 The Return of the Clintons Bill talks economics with Biden. Hillary gives pointers to Harris. The former First Couple is as deep in politics as they have been since Trump won. podcast Mar. 3, 2024 What We Know About the Protester Who Self-Immolated Sunday The 25-year-old Air Force service member shouted “Free Palestine” as he burned to death in protest of the Israel-Hamas war. Mar. 3, 2024 Why Is the CDC Now Treating COVID Like It’s the Flu? The CDC’s new “Pan-respiratory” isolation guidelines make sense to many public-health experts, but there could be some downsides, too. Mar. 3, 2024 Biden vs. Trump Polls: Joe’s Battleground Problem Beating Trump in the popular vote may not be enough for Biden to win the Electoral College. Mar. 3, 2024 2024 Senate Races: Democrats’ Tough Path to Keep Control The deck is stacked for Republicans, but polls show many of the Democratic incumbents will be hard to beat. Mar. 3, 2024 Henry Wallace, Tucker Carlson, the Return of the Russia Dupe A new biography sheds light on a recurring temptation. Mar. 1, 2024 Why Katie Britt Is Responding to Biden’s State of the Union She’s young, smart, photogenic, a Trump favorite, and can smooth over her state’s court decision stopping IVF treatments. Mar. 1, 2024 The ‘Fake’ N.Y. Times Chicken-Sandwich Story Is Quite Real Stop listening to bad-faith media critics. Mar. 1, 2024 What We Know About the FBI Raid on Top Adams Aide Agents raided homes owned by Winnie Greco, director of Asian affairs in the mayor’s administration. Mar. 1, 2024 Trump Complains Migrants Use Languages ‘Nobody Speaks’ Trump insists he only makes confusing remarks for “comedic effect.” But his weird remarks during his border visit seem more racist than funny. Mar. 1, 2024 Who Will Be Trump’s VP Pick? The Latest 2024 Veepstake Odds Does Stefanik have “the look”? Is Scott loyal enough? Where does Noem rank? Here are each VP candidate’s odds in the race to be Trump’s running mate. Mar. 1, 2024 Alexei Navalny Was Buried to the Terminator 2 Theme Song The defiant, witty Russian opposition leader got in one last laugh at his Moscow funeral. Mar. 1, 2024 Joe Biden Was Worried the Kids Weren’t Having Enough Sex The president has reportedly been advising his aides on the importance of “making love.” Mar. 4, 2024 Miami Is Ghosting Spring Breakers Springtime sadness. Mar. 4, 2024 Lupita Nyong’o and Joshua Jackson Sure Love Frolicking The actors were photographed holding hands while running on the beach in Mexico. Mar. 4, 2024 Kiernan Shipka Is Messi the Dog’s No. 1 Fan The only thing that would have made the Chloé show better? If the Anatomy of a Fall star had walked in it. Mar. 4, 2024 When Art Inspires Fashion At Yohji Yamamoto and Junya Watanabe, sculpture and craft take center stage in the designs. Mar. 4, 2024 Would You Buy a Bag Made of Air? The lightest solid in the world can carry your lipgloss. Mar. 4, 2024 The Best Street Style From Paris Fashion Week See our favorite looks from outside the shows. Mar. 4, 2024 The Dunies Sure, it missed the 2024 Oscars consideration deadline, but here are some other ways to honor Dune: Part 2’s achievements. Mar. 4, 2024 I Am My Worst Self at the Nail Salon It’s the place where all of my toxic traits have time to shine. Mar. 4, 2024 France Becomes First Country to Guarantee Abortion Rights In response to watching the overturn of Roe v. Wade. Mar. 4, 2024 Queen Camilla Is Reportedly OOO Sounds like the royal family may be drastically understaffed. Mar. 4, 2024 Will the Real Kate Moss Please Stand Up? A Kate Moss look-alike, Denise Ohnona, is confusing people at Paris Fashion Week. Mar. 4, 2024 The 20 Best Face Exfoliators for Soft, Smooth Skin Including a Kate Somerville best seller and a viral product from Versed. Mar. 4, 2024 Inside the Dire State of LGBTQ+ Rights in Oklahoma Representative Mauree Turner, the nation’s first nonbinary legislator, on Nex Benedict’s death and where we go from here. Mar. 4, 2024 Taylor Swift and Emily Dickinson Are Purportedly Related Convenient promo for her new album, courtesy of Ancestry. Mar. 4, 2024 Kate Middleton Spotted for the First Time in Months Will this put the wild conspiracy theories to bed? Mar. 4, 2024 Essence Harden Leads With Feeling How the Frieze L.A. curator uses her intuition to help define visual culture in the West. Mar. 4, 2024 Not Everyone Is Convinced Kate Middleton Is ‘Doing Well’ A vague statement from the palace has fueled wild speculation about the princess’s whereabouts. Mar. 4, 2024 Megan Thee Stallion Is the Trainer We Wish We Had The Hot Girl Coach Is the star of a new Nike ad. Mar. 4, 2024 The Beauty Products Sofie Pavitt Uses to the Last Drop iS Clinical SPF, KJH Highlighter, and more. Mar. 4, 2024 Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? The TikToker knows some think she’s dumb for believing her ex-husband’s lies, but she’s being smart about getting her bag. 2:09 A.M. The Traitors Season 3 Is Shooting Their Shot They’re planning even more “casting twists” for the upcoming season. Mar. 4, 2024 Greendale Community College Is Restarting Classes Soon Leader of the study group Joel McHale thinks production for the Community movie will resume sometime this year. Mar. 4, 2024 Below Deck Recap: Queen Drunk Jared’s terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day gets worse. Mar. 4, 2024 Deleted Dune 2 Scenes May Be Forever Lost in a Sandstorm Director Denis Villeneuve has no plans to release any deleted scenes from the movie. Mar. 4, 2024 Curb Your Enthusiasm Recap: Defamatory Brick In an episode dedicated to the late Richard Lewis, Larry pays tribute to some of the best moments of Curb and Seinfeld past. Mar. 4, 2024 Selena Gomez to Spend Time Offline Playing Linda Ronstadt “I know too much about her at this point.” Mar. 4, 2024 Lil Rod Accuses Diddy of Involvement in Alleged Shooting In addition to sexual-assault allegations. Mar. 4, 2024 Hot Priest Is Doing Crimes in Ripley Netlix’s Ripley is black and white, set in ’60s Italy, and stars Andrew Scott. So yeah, there’s gonna be some fanfic. Mar. 4, 2024 Everything We Know About the 2024 Academy Awards The Oscars are Sunday, March 10. Prepare yourself. Mar. 4, 2024 Adam Sandler Is All Wrong for Spaceman Sandler plays a Czech astronaut. Paul Dano plays a giant spider from outer space that comes out of his nose. This movie should have been a lot better. Mar. 4, 2024 Picking His Fights The twists and turns of Jake Gyllenhaal’s unlikely, unsettling action career have brought him to Road House. Mar. 4, 2024 Watch Out for the Killer Gams Leg crush. Flying scissor. Whatever you call it, the move has become an inescapable part of action heroine fights. Mar. 4, 2024 And the Winners of the 2024 Stunt Awards Are … Over 200 action pros voted on the bruisingest, nakedist, and base-jumpiest achievements of the year. Mar. 4, 2024 The 25 Best Action-Movie Parodies Ever For as long as we’ve had films packed with fights and stunts, we’ve also made fun of them. Mar. 4, 2024 The Action Sofia Boutella Wants to See The busiest woman in genre film is asking writers and editors to treat her face-smashing characters as seriously as she does. Mar. 4, 2024 The 100 Fights That Shaped Action Cinema Whether the scenes featured fists, firearms, or blades, the result was always the same: The crowd was pleased. Mar. 4, 2024 The Team That Crammed Every Stunt Possible Into The Fall Guy “One of the greatest compliments we got was when the visual-effects supervisor said, ‘I don’t know why I’m here!’” Mar. 4, 2024 Everyone Should Know What Henry Kingi Did The 80-year-old journeyman has given so much more to Hollywood than his Fast & Furious driving credits let on. Mar. 4, 2024 She Had Razors Hidden in Her Hair On the glory of blaxploitation icon Pam Grier’s two greatest onscreen catfights. Mar. 4, 2024 Cinematrix No. 6: The Action Edition Michael Bay directed six movies between 2010 and 2019. Can you name one? Mar. 4, 2024 14 of the Very Best Olive Oils All the liquid gold you could possibly need. Mar. 4, 2024 The Best Vacuum Sales to Shop Right Now Cordless, robot, and handheld cleaners to keep your home dust-free (for less). Mar. 4, 2024 Does Lotion Expire? If you notice a change in color or smell, toss it out. Mar. 4, 2024 The Best Face Washes for Men, According to Dermatologists For guys who are oily, dry, or anywhere in between. Mar. 4, 2024 There’s Some Really Nice Home Stuff on Sale at Anthropologie Including a best-in-class candle and a toy chest that travels. Mar. 4, 2024 These J.Crew Long-Sleeve T-Shirts Are Half Off Just in time for spring transitional dressing. Mar. 3, 2024 11 Things We Loved: Toast Tongs to Electric-Blue Mascara And the golden standard of sweatpants, according to Chris Black. Mar. 3, 2024 My Hunt for a Deep (But Not Too Deep) Sofa Deep enough to blissfully watch The Traitors after a long stressful day of deadlines and parenting, but not so deep that I never left my apartment. Mar. 1, 2024 I Can’t Stop Buying Tiny Taper Candles My apartment currently resembles a medieval abbey. Mar. 1, 2024 The 14 Very Best High-Waisted Jeans Come for “deliriously high” Levi’s, stay for Georgia May Jagger’s flared Wranglers. Mar. 1, 2024 The 12 Best Pieces of Bakeware More than a dozen chefs recommend baking dishes, cake tins, and more. Mar. 1, 2024 The Best Snail-Mucin Products, According to Experts For intense hydration, brightening, and anti-aging. Mar. 1, 2024 I’m Wearing a Hot Water Bottle in This Photo The YUYU can be draped over sore shoulders and cinched around a cramping belly or lower back. Mar. 1, 2024 23 Things on Sale You’ll Want: From EltaMD to Reformation Including half-off Chloé sunglasses and the beloved Paula’s Choice BHA toner. Mar. 1, 2024 The 9 Very Best Nail Clippers Whether you’re looking for nail clippers for babies or toenail clippers for the thickest of nails. Mar. 1, 2024 The 10 Very Best Menstrual Cups We talked to gynecologists, plus menstrual-cup experts and enthusiasts, to find out. Mar. 1, 2024 Everything Worth Buying at Dermstore’s Beauty Refresh Sale Including our beauty columnist’s favorite hair mask. Mar. 1, 2024 The Very Best Men’s Underwear No matter where you fall on the boxers-to-briefs continuum. Mar. 1, 2024 These Stylish Sunglasses Are 50 Percent Off They’ll pair perfectly with everything from sundresses to denim shorts. Feb. 29, 2024 The Only Toy Gift Guide for a 10-Year-Old You’ll Ever Need A cheat sheet to finding the perfect present for the 10-year-old in your life. Mar. 4, 2024 People Are Still Quite Worked Up About Congestion Pricing “I’m a resident, you know, so this is very unfair and unfair to my mom.” Mar. 4, 2024 The Best Deal in East Hampton Getting a Sea Spray Cottage can be a steal. If you know it’s available to rent in the first place. Mar. 1, 2024 A David Lynch Nightclub, Fantasy Coffins, and More Finds Plus a new salon-style gallery in Soho. Feb. 29, 2024 This Week’s Worth-It New York City Apartment Listings Including a bevy of freestanding houses. Feb. 29, 2024 Artist Meghan Boody Is Selling Her Wild Tribeca Loft It looks like an off-kilter Victorian dollhouse. Feb. 29, 2024 ‘This Is Like the Studio 54 of Now’ Two-stepping the night away at Ridgewood’s sold-out honky-tonk party. Feb. 29, 2024 The Look Book Goes to a Therapist Party The Therapists of New York practice invited the city’s mental-health professionals to celebrate the new book, Patriarchy and Its Discontents. gallery Feb. 28, 2024 This Is What Streeteries Are Going to Look Like New York City’s transportation agency has revealed four designs for four curb scenarios. Feb. 28, 2024 Hilton Hilton Is Here Here Boutique real estate care of Rick, Barron, and Tessa. Feb. 28, 2024 That $8,000 Two-Bedroom Comes With a Week of Summer Camp A newish twist in the Brooklyn amenity wars. Feb. 28, 2024 Taking Stock of an Unrecognizable Gaza What Israel’s bombing has wrought. Feb. 27, 2024 Harry Macklowe Is Selling His East Hampton Estate The $38 million home on Georgica Pond features ocean vistas (and reported views of his ex-wife). Feb. 27, 2024 Tour Gabriella Karefa-Johnson’s House in Bed-Stuy “I became obsessed with Live Auctioneers. I didn’t have the time, or the bandwidth, or the driver’s license, for going to estate sales.” Feb. 27, 2024 The Immediately Outdated Renovation “It used to be that seven-to-ten years was the shelf life. Now you look and say, ‘How can this look dated already?’” Feb. 26, 2024 The Googleplex Is Growing Google’s new St. John’s Terminal headquarters, meant to lure workers back to the office, is a city within a building. Feb. 26, 2024 Everything’s Bigger in Long Island City Right Now The high-rise population is booming and rents are climbing as Manhattan expats learn to love the 7. Feb. 26, 2024 The Migrants in Line at St. Brigid The city’s campaign to push migrants out has turned their lives into an interminable loop. Feb. 23, 2024 What Real Estate Does Trump Own in NYC Anyway? Letitia James says she will seize Trump’s properties if he doesn’t pay his civil fraud penalty. The problem is, he doesn’t own that many. Feb. 23, 2024 A Village Voice Founder’s Gramercy Park Apartment Ed Fancher’s classic floor-through has a triangular living room overlooking the park. Feb. 22, 2024 James Turrell Skyspace Opens at Friends Seminary It opens to the public on March 1. Mar. 4, 2024 How Butter Became the Main Character It’s always been the best part of dinner. Now it’s the star. Mar. 1, 2024 The Grub Street Diet of Khruangbin’s Laura Lee “Why can’t you listen to OutKast and eat caviar?” Feb. 29, 2024 Where to Eat in March The best restaurants for right now. Feb. 29, 2024 The Best Broth Comes From a Butcher Shop Zero frills, all flavor. Feb. 28, 2024 Review: Frenchette Bakery Is the Right Kind of Museum Café French pastries meet American art at the Whitney. Feb. 27, 2024 Bar Contra Will Be a New Destination for Modernist Drinks Dave Arnold, Fabían von Hauske, and Jeremiah Stone are joining forces on the Lower East Side. Feb. 26, 2024 The Timeless Egg Dish Taking Over New York Menus Oeufs mayo are a dead-simple bistro staple. Chefs can’t resist them. Feb. 23, 2024 Laura Kim’s Grub Street Diet “I love the Spanish ham — the leg — they have on display. The guy carving it is really handsome.” Feb. 22, 2024 Review: Alma Negra Is a Perfect Neighborhood Restaurant Little buzz, no influencers, and excellent tamales in Gowanus. Feb. 21, 2024 Ignacio Mattos Is Leaving Corner Bar and Swan Room The downtown chef is checking out of Nine Orchard. Feb. 21, 2024 Who Makes the Best Flour Tortillas in New York? Taking stock of the (many) new competitors around town. Feb. 20, 2024 Did Wegmans Rip Off a Japanese Chef’s Idea? After partnership discussions broke down, Yuji Haraguchi claims the grocery chain opened a copycat business anyway. Feb. 16, 2024 Moshe Kasher’s Grub Street Diet “When they remove the tortilla it is soft, pliant, and oozing with melt.” Feb. 15, 2024 There’s a New Egg-Salad Sando in Town — the Bread’s the Star At Postcard, the gluten-free milk bread took more than six months of trials to get right. Feb. 14, 2024 Where to Find Real Carnitas in New York Crunchy, crispy, tender, long-simmered carnitas are to the Chipotle stuff as wood-fired Neapolitan pizzas are to Domino’s. Feb. 13, 2024 Horses Chef Liz Johnson’s New York Return Is Here The Frog Club has moved into the old Chumley’s space. Feb. 13, 2024 On Film, the Romance of French Cooking Is Forever Two new movies bask in the fantasy of beautiful food and the labor required to make it. Feb. 12, 2024 The Best Alt-inis in New York, Ranked They’re called martinis, but each of these drinks is something else entirely. Feb. 9, 2024 Mean Girls Star Avantika’s Grub Street Diet “I just sort of floated on my burrito all night.” Feb. 8, 2024 Will Four Twenty Five Kill the Grill? Jean-Georges Vongerichten’s newest restaurant takes aim at midtown’s most famous dining room. see more news » Visit Intelligencer » Visit The Cut » Visit Vulture » Visit Strategist » Visit Curbed » Visit Grub Street » More Top Stories power Inside the Dire State of LGBTQ+ Rights in Oklahoma Mauree Turner, the nation’s first nonbinary legislator, on where we go from here. By Andrea González-Ramírez style Finally, a New Voice For Women As debuts go, Chemena Kamali at Chloé could not have done better. By Cathy Horyn gold rush Why Did Pundits Underestimate Cillian Murphy? For much of the Oscars race, they have been skeptical of his chances. By Nate Jones parenting How Should You Discipline a Kid in Trouble at School? There has got to be a way for nonauthoritarian parents to raise children with structure. By Kathryn Jezer-Morton vulture games Cinematrix No. 6: The Action Edition Can you name an action movie with Jake Gyllenhaal? By Joe Reid cleansers The Best Face Washes for Men, According to Dermatologists For guys who are oily, dry, or anywhere in between. By Kitty Guo encounter Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? The TikToker knows some think she’s dumb for believing her ex-husband’s lies, but she’s being smart about getting her bag. By Angelina Chapin In our current issue The Migrants in Line at St. Brigid. Plus: Learning to sob like an Academy Award winner; Bjarke Ingels’s West Side takeover; the new sounds of Broadway. See all Stories Subscribe Cinematrix No. 6: The Action Edition Saturday Night Live Recap: Sydney Sweeney’s Saturday Night Yikes Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 The Return of the Clintons Is This the Most Lavish Wedding of All Time? Saturday Night Live Recap: Sydney Sweeney’s Saturday Night Yikes The 100 Fights That Shaped Action Cinema Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? The Return of the Clintons The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live Recap: Of All the Gin Joints Stories Readers Liked chapters The Theft First, there was the burglary. Then everything went missing. By Sloane Crosley the money game Bill Ackman Strikes Back His fight has made him the public face of a billionaire class anxious it no longer rules the world. podcast By Reeves Wiedeman higher education What Does an SAT Score Mean Anymore? The pandemic — and the mass pivot to a test-optional approach — radically reshuffled college admissions. By Jeffrey Selingo Intelligencer Politics Business Technology Ideas the national interest Is Biden in Denial About the Polls? Or is the happy talk just spin? By Jonathan Chait poll position California Senate Polls: Schiff Helps Garvey Edge Out Fellow Democrats Adam Schiff spent millions to ensure a long-shot GOP candidate will be his general-election rival. Polls of the March 5 primary show it’s working. By Ed Kilgore palestine Biden Should Quit Hiding From the Protesters Morality and American democracy require the president embrace rather than dismiss pro-Palestinian voices. By Sarah Jones politics Top Trump Org Exec Admits Perjury, But Still Won’t Flip Former CFO Allen Weisselberg’s plea could serve as a warning to other witnesses against lying under oath ahead of future Trump-related cases. By Nia Prater early and often Nikki Haley Breaks Primary Losing Streak Ahead of Super Tuesday She won Washington, D.C., with a tiny number of GOP votes. Given what’s likely to happen to her on March 5, any win over Trump is welcome. By Ed Kilgore family separation Will the Families Separated by Trump Ever Be Reunited? The Trump administration forcibly separated 5,000 families at the border. Five years later, the work of reunifying them is painfully incomplete. By Piper French early and often Supreme Court Says Colorado Cannot Kick Trump Off the Ballot States will not be able to declare Trump ineligible to hold office based on the Constitution’s post–Civil War era insurrectionist ban. By Chas Danner the law The 14th Amendment Effort Only Ended Up Helping Trump It was a wild law-school hypothetical sprung to life. It only ended up giving Trump’s candidacy a boost. By Elie Honig Visit Intelligencer The Cut Style Self Culture Power encounter Who TF Is Reesa Teesa Now? By Angelina Chapin encounter Xochitl Gonzalez’s Ghost Story An encounter with the spirit of an overlooked Latina artist saved the Brooklynite’s sophomore novel. By Andrea González-Ramírez astrology Madame Clairevoyant: Horoscopes for the Week of March 3–9 Mercury moves through the final degrees of Pisces before entering Aries on Saturday night. Until then, you may be a tad more sensitive than usual. By Claire Comstock-Gay cut covers Kacey Musgraves Comes Down to Earth The “Space Cowboy” singer got divorced, rebounded, quit weed — and she’s never felt so grounded. By Allison P. Davis celebrity breakups? Miami Is Ghosting Spring Breakers Springtime sadness. By Emily Leibert celebrity Lupita Nyong’o and Joshua Jackson Sure Love Frolicking The actors were photographed holding hands while running on the beach in Mexico. By Emily Leibert culture Kiernan Shipka Is Messi the Dog’s No. 1 Fan The only thing that would have made the Chloé show better? If the Anatomy of a Fall star had walked in it. By Brooke LaMantia Visit The Cut Vulture TV Movies Comedy Music Books Art Theater What to Stream méliès's legacy Everything That Happens in a Dune: Part Two 4DX Screening My jittery, flashy, splishy-splashy time inside the biggest gimmick theater on the planet. By Rebecca Alter SNL’s Opera Man Sings What We’re All Thinking About the End of Game of Thrones bergalicious The Traitors Season 3 Is Shooting Their Shot They’re planning even more “casting twists” for the upcoming season. By Alejandra Gularte cool cool cool Greendale Community College Is Restarting Classes Soon Leader of the study group Joel McHale thinks production for the Community movie will resume sometime this year. By Alejandra Gularte lost media Deleted Dune 2 Scenes May Be Forever Lost in a Sandstorm Director Denis Villeneuve has no plans to release any deleted scenes from the movie. By Alejandra Gularte cast away Selena Gomez to Spend Her Time Offline Playing Linda Ronstadt “I know too much about her at this point.” By Justin Curto now streaming The 20 Best Movies for Kids on Netflix Marcel the Shell With Shoes On, Orion and the Dark, Puss in Boots: The Last Wish, and more. By Brian Tallerico chat room Feud’s Diane Lane on the Dual Tragedies of Slim Keith By Marah Eakin TV Recap TV Recap Below Deck S11/E5: Queen Drunk TV Recap Curb Your Enthusiasm S12/E5: Defamatory Brick TV Recap The Real Housewives of Potomac S8/E15: Darby’s Barbie Dreamland TV Recap The Walking Dead: The Ones Who Live S1/E2: Of All the Gin Joints TV Recap The Regime S1/E1: To Err Is Humid Visit Vulture The Strategist Beauty Home Fashion Travel Kids & Babies Tech & Electronics kitchen 14 of the Very Best Olive Oils All the liquid gold you could possibly need. By Emma Wartzman vacuums The Best Vacuum Sales to Shop Right Now Cordless, robot, and handheld cleaners to keep your home dust-free (for less). By Sam Daly strategist explains Does Lotion Expire? If you notice a change in color or smell, toss it out. By Kitty Guo cleansers The Best Face Washes for Men, According to Dermatologists For guys who are oily, dry, or anywhere in between. By Kitty Guo micro sales There’s Some Really Nice Home Stuff on Sale at Anthropologie Including a best-in-class candle and a toy chest that travels. By Sam Daly Visit The Strategist Curbed Cityscape Design Hunting The Real Estate Best of New York getting around People Are Still Quite Worked Up About Congestion Pricing “I’m a resident, you know, so this is very unfair and unfair to my mom.” By Clio Chang the hamptons The Best Deal in East Hampton Getting a Sea Spray Cottage can be a steal. If you know it’s available to rent in the first place. By Stephanie Krikorian design edit A David Lynch–Inspired Nightclub, Fantasy Coffins, and More Design Finds Plus a new salon-style gallery in Soho. By Terry Nguyen listings edit This Week’s Worth-It New York City Apartment Listings Including a bevy of freestanding houses. By Nora DeLigter a truly terrific new york listing Artist Meghan Boody Is Selling Her Wild Tribeca Loft It looks like an off-kilter Victorian dollhouse. By Adriane Quinlan night life ‘This Is Like the Studio 54 of Now’ Two-stepping the night away at Ridgewood’s sold-out honky-tonk party. By Emma Alpern look book The Look Book Goes to a Therapist Party The Therapists of New York practice invited the city’s mental-health professionals to celebrate the new book, Patriarchy and Its Discontents. By Kelsie Schrader and Jenna Milliner-Waddell Visit Curbed Grub Street Openings The Year I Ate New York The Grub Street Diet trends How Butter Became the Main Character It’s always been the best part of dinner. Now it’s the star. the grub street diet Khruangbin’s Laura Lee Pays Attention to Restaurant Soundtracks “Why can’t you listen to OutKast and eat caviar?” By Gaby Grossman guides Where to Eat in March The best restaurants for right now. By Edward Hart sipping season The Best Broth Comes From a Butcher Shop Zero frills, all flavor. By Tammie Teclemariam first taste Frenchette Bakery Is the Right Kind of Museum Café French pastries meet American art at the Whitney. By Matthew Schneier guides Where to Eat in March The best restaurants for right now. By Edward Hart the grub street diet Laura Kim’s Grub Street Diet “I love the Spanish ham — the leg — they have on display. The guy carving it is really handsome.” By Gaby Grossman the year i ate new york The End of My Year Eating New York Our diner-at-large concludes his dinner with khachapuri, nostalgic kimchee biji, and a conciliatory strip steak at the Grill. By E. Alex Jung Visit Grub Street Intelligencer The Cut The Cut Vulture The Strategist Curbed Grub Street The Magazine About New York Magazine Newsletters Help Contact Press Media Kit We’re Hiring Privacy Terms Ad Choices Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility New York is a Vox Media Network. © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All rights reserved.