Noontime Concerts SF free classical music lunchtime concerts Home Concerts Upcoming Concerts Sundays at the Mint Concert Library Women Composers Take Center Stage Debussy Festival Emerging Artist Opportunities About About Noontime Concerts Noontime Around the World News & Reviews Staff, Board, and Organization Location Learn & Listen Musicians Educational Programs Your Support MENU × Home Concerts Upcoming Concerts Sundays at the Mint Concert Library Women Composers Take Center Stage Debussy Festival Emerging Artist Opportunities About About Noontime Concerts Noontime Around the World News & Reviews Staff, Board, and Organization Location Learn & Listen Musicians Educational Programs Your Support News: Celebrating 35 Years of Musical Lunch Breaks. Click Here to Support Live Classical Music for All LIVE STREAMING Next Live Concert Tues, March 5 March 5, 2024, 12:30 pm David Miller, Rita Lilly, Caroline Jou Armitage, Katherine Heater Concert Details Concert Calendar Please Join Us Every Tuesday for a Live Concert Concerts begin just after 12:30 PM every Tuesday at Old St. Mary’s Cathedral, 660 California Street. Email Signup Concert Calendar Donate Today Noontime Concert Showcase: Now Featuring Online Louis Patzner, Cello, Elektra Schmidt, Piano | Rec 5/16/23 Concert Details Concert Videos June 13, 2023 - Ertan Torgul, Violin and Aileen Chanco, PianoMay 30, 2023 - Ann Elizabeth Jones, Soprano Tom Rose, Clarinet Miles Graber, Piano All Concert Recordings Special Events Majesty of the Spiritual Video Release Majesty of the Spiritual broadcast recording of the program coming soon. Look for updates here and by email. View program Pictured: Mayumi Tsuchida, Zachary Weiner, Puripat Paesaroch Highlighting Emerging Artists With the establishment of the Helen von Ammon Fund for Emerging Artists, Noontime Concerts provides professional musicians beginning their careers an important performance opportunity as well as exposure and recognition. Read more about the fund and other opportunities Special Events Women Composers Take Center Stage Noontime Concerts features works by women composers. View program What they're saying These are musicians with a broad scope of repertoire, but it is also clear that they take great pleasure in plumbing the expressive depths of chamber music from the nineteenth century. "The place, the music, the time frame. All perfect!" "A setting that couldn't be more divine." "A workday oasis." “I always come in thinking ‘I can’t be impressed, I’m too busy in the world,’ and then I just start getting into it and I’m totally thrilled.” Join our mailing list We send out a newsletter with concert dates, opportunities and announcements once every two months. © 2024 Noontime Concerts • Privacy Policy