Find Jobs in Tech | Dice.com Find your next tech job. Explore open roles at companies hiring now. Loading... The right tech role is out there. Discover it on Dice. You deserve a tech role that unlocks your skills and elevates your potential, at a company who fits your values. Join the millions of tech professionals who use Dice to match with the companies and jobs that are right for them. Create Your Profile Explore thousands of top tech employers hiring on Dice, featuring… Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. We Specialize in Tech Cut through the noise of generalist job sites. We only have tech jobs, and we make it easier to find the ones you actually want. Matches Made Just for You Personalize your search with job matches that fit your skills, needs and goals. Connect With Your Ideal Companies Establish relationships with companies that align with your career values. Create Your Profile Tech Career Advice The Scrum Master's Career Guide: Launching Your Agile Leadership Journey Jeff Cogswell, Mar 5, 2024 5 Transferable Skills Tech Managers are Looking For in 2024 Leslie Stevens-Huffman, Mar 4, 2024 Smart Career Moves for People in Tech Jobs Facing Disruption from AI Leslie Stevens-Huffman, Feb 28, 2024 An Emerging Role in Tech: the CDXO Dice Staff, Feb 23, 2024 8 Tech Resume Myths You Should Ignore Leslie Stevens-Huffman, Feb 16, 2024 Ransomware Payments Hit $1 Billion: What Tech Pros Need to Know Dice Staff, Feb 16, 2024 The Dice Tech Salary Report is now available. With insights into key salary trends broken down by jobs, skills and even where you live, this is your guide to boosting how much you earn in 2024. Read the Report BROWSE JOBS By Title By Skill By Category Popular Searches Project Manager Data Analyst DBA Scrum Master Web Developer Product Manager Full Stack Developer Android Developer Program Manager SQL Developer Frontend Developer Network Engineer Systems Administrator Solution Architect DevOps Engineer Game Developer Network Administrator Salesforce Developer Backend Developer Machine Learning Engineer .Net Developer PHP Developer Python Developer Mobile Developer Linux Administrator C Cryptocurrency Blockchain Docker JavaScript SQL Artificial intelligence Big data Chef MATLAB Django MongoDB TensorFlow Agile Machine learning Kanban C# GraphQL Data mining Neural networks Scala Deep learning Groovy Apache Kafka SAP HANA Erlang Objective-C Part time jobs Azure Selenium ServiceNow Splunk Work from home Remote jobs ETL Mulesoft Business Analyst Xamarin Cognos Telecommute jobs Pega Startup jobs SDET DoD jobs SAP ABAP .NET Java Python Oracle Spring Tableau Cloud Linux Ruby AngularJS Spark C++ Cyber security MySQL Data Scientist Swift Amazon Web Services DevOps Hadoop QA Elasticsearch Kotlin React.js Business Analyst Developer Perl UX iOS Developer Employers: Find the right Tech Talent We get it – hiring the right talent can be tough. Our Employer Solutions are here to help simplify the process, speed up time-to-hire, and make life a lot less stressful. Discover the perfect candidate We get it – hiring the right talent can be tough. Our Employer Solutions are here to help simplify the process, speed up time-to-hire, and make life a lot less stressful. Discover the perfect candidate Don't show this message again Need Tech Talent? Cut your time-to-hire with easy access to millions of relevant tech candidates Search and Hire Technologists or Post a Job Loading...