E Ink. We Make Surfaces Smart and Green E Ink Website English 繁體中文 简体中文 日本語 한국어 English 繁體中文 简体中文 日本語 한국어 APPLICATIONS Reading & Writing Education Business & Office Mobile & Wearables Retail Logistics & Factory Healthcare & Hospital Transportation Automotive Innovative Design PRODUCT ePaper Display Module Customer Showcase Business Partner BRAND Spectra Gallery Kaleido Prism Carta Mobius Aurora SURF JustTint NEWS & INFO. CENTER INVESTOR RELATIONS TECHNOLOGY ESG AREA OUR COMPANY CAREERS PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE COOKIE POLICY Contact Online Shop E Ink Combines Innovation, Creativity, and Design for the BMW i5 Flow NOSTOKANA BMW's Tribute to the 1991 Esther Mahlangu Art Car is animated with changing colors and patterns using E Ink Prism™ 3 E Ink Listed in the DJSI World Index and Emerging Markets Index in 2023 Again! Highest Score in Technology Hardware & Equipment industry Group. Learn More. Discover Healthier Screen Time Concerned about screen time and eye health? Download your free guide to learn more. 2022 Sustainability Report Find it! Harvard Study Shows E Ink’s ePaper Is Up to Three Times Healthier for Your Eyes Than LCD Screens Learn More! 29 2024 . Feb E Ink Combines Innovation, Creativity, and Design for the BMW i5 Flow NOSTOKANA E Ink announced the use of E Ink Prism 3 in the official unveiling of the BMW i5 Flow NOSTOKANA, a tribute to the 1991 Esther Mahlangu Art Car. 21 2024 . Feb E Ink Achieves Top 5% Position in S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook, Recognized as an Early Adopter by the Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures E Ink proudly announces its continued recognition in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2024. This marks the company's second consecutive year of inclusion, reaffirming its commitment to sustainable practices. Additionally, E Ink has been honored as an Early Adopter by the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD), further solidifying its dedication to environmental stewardship. 21 2023 . Dec E Ink listed in both the DJSI World and DJSI Emerging Markets as the Global Leader within the Technology Hardware & Equipment Industry Group E Ink announced today its continued inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), securing a position in both the DJSI World and DJSI Emerging Markets. This places E Ink at the forefront of the global technology hardware and equipment industry, attaining the esteemed rank of first place within this sector. The updated list of components took effect on December 18, 2023. 8 2023 . Nov E Ink Spectra™ 6 and IGZO Technology Enable Sharp’s Next Generation Color ePoster E Ink announced today that Sharp Corporation is introducing new color models of their electronic paper display ePosters that will be unveiled during the SHARP Tech-Day at the Tokyo Big Sight International Exhibition Center, November 10-12. The new ePoster combines an IGZO backplane with E Ink Spectra™ 6, which offers an expanded color gamut, enabling greater color saturation and contrast. 3 2023 . Nov Achieving Sustainability Goals with Sustainable Technology The adoption of ePaper technology, characterized by its ultra-low power consumption and digital displays capabilities not only contributes to carbon emission reduction efforts but also minimizes light pollution, fostering clean and sustainable smart cities. Moreover, Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) are global trends and essential indicators for sustainable business development. 2 2023 . Nov E Ink’s ePaper Signage for Extreme Temperatures 2 2023 . Nov E Ink’s Customer PPDS Launches First 32-inch Philips Tableaux ePaper Display Using E Ink Spectra™ 6 E Ink announced today that their customer, PPDS, announced the latest evolution of its multi-award-winning ePaper signage range, with the launch of the new 32-inch (16:9) Philips Tableaux 5150I Series using E Ink Spectra 6. 12 2023 . Oct E Ink’s Customer AIOI-Systems Launches a Smart Equipment Inspection System, Utilizing eNote Devices Featuring E Ink Kaleido™ 3 E Ink announced today their collaboration with AIOI Systems Co, LTD. a group company of TOPPAN Holdings Inc., to provide eNote devices featuring E Ink Kaleido™ 3 for AIOI’s Smart Equipment Inspection System 28 2023 . Sep E Ink Holdings Inc. has Achieved Science-Based Targets Validation and Approval E Ink announced today that the company’s science-based greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction targets have been validated and approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), for the near-term, long-term, and net-zero targets. The SBTi has classified E Ink’s scope 1 and scope 2 target ambition as in line with a 1.5˚C trajectory. The SBTi also commends E Ink’s ambitious net-zero target, currently the most ambitious designation available through the SBTi process. 19 2023 . Sep E Ink Recognized As RE100 Best Newcomer from the RE100 Leadership Awards During Climate Week NYC E Ink was recognized as a RE100 Best Newcomer from the RE100 Leadership Awards during Climate Week NYC. The recognition follows E Ink achieving renewable energy use of 20% globally and 100% at its US sites and global sales offices. E Ink is the first display company to set the aggressive goal of reaching RE100 by using 100% renewable energy across global sites by 2030 and Net Zero by 2040. 14 2023 . Aug E Ink Announces Sharp Corporation Is Releasing ePoster Color Electronic Paper Displays Featuring E Ink Gallery™ Plus E Ink announced today that Sharp Corporation is introducing new color models of their ePoster electronic paper displays using E Ink Gallery Plus. Sharp plans to release a 25.3” and a 13.3” model to the market in October and September 2023 respectively. 8 2023 . Aug E INK’S TIM O’MALLEY TALKS ABOUT WHERE E-PAPER DISPLAYS ARE AT, AND WHAT’S TO COME Sixteen:Nine podcast 21 2023 . Jul Whitepaper: ePaper for Extreme Temperatures The rise of extreme temperatures is wreaking havoc on signage systems used for providing real-time information to the public. Download this free whitepaper to learn more about E Ink's sustainable signage solutions and how ePaper is optimized for extreme temperatures. 12 2023 . Jul Mercury Innovation Leads First Deployment of E Ink Kaleido™ 3 Outdoor E Ink announced the first installation of E Ink Kaleido 3 Outdoor smart transit signage in Sydney, Australia. The project features twelve (12) smart transportation signs that are equipped with solar-power panels, enabling a zero-emission digital display that optimizes curbside management for the greater Sydney community. 26 2023 . Jun Webinar Replay: Application and Implementation of ePaper in Emergency Rooms Hospitals using ePaper signage have not only improved outcomes but saved money while improving workflow efficiency and patient/clinician experience. Brigham & Women’s Hospital shares a case study on using low energy, lightweight ePaper virtual whiteboards to improve communication to patients in the emergency department (ED), and to understand the effect of delivering timely information about a patient’s pertinent hospital course to their satisfaction surrounding their ED stay. 15 2023 . Mar Whitepaper: Digital Paper for Healthier Screen Time Anyone who’s ever been told, “Don’t sit so close to the television,” is attuned to the idea that watching screens may not be good for your eyes. The constant barrage of artificial light—specifically the blue light spectrum—is far worse for the human eye than most people are aware. And today’s hand-held devices are bringing that light closer to our eyes, for longer durations, than ever before. Download this free whitepaper to learn how E Ink's Digital Paper can contribute to Healthier Screen Time. 13 2023 . Mar Harvard Study Shows E Ink’s ePaper Is Up to Three Times Healthier for Your Eyes Than LCD Screens Study from Harvard School of Public Health comparing the adverse effects of blue light from displays shows the benefits of E Ink’s ePaper on eye health 4 2023 . Jan E Ink Launches E Ink Prism™ 3, A Multi-Color ePaper Film Enabling Product Personalization E Ink’s next generation segmented display offers a sustainable display choice for product designers News Product Application Advanced Technology Full Color ePaper Technology E Ink Gallery ™ 3 is a full-color ePaper that brings the power of color to sustainable digital reading... Understand More For Retail Electronic Shelf Label See More Creativity Smart & Green Creativity on Display Applications BRANDS We Make Surfaces Smart and Green Learn more about our brands E Ink Spectra™ 6 Vivid Full Color Detail Our Brands Overview E Ink Spectra™ 3100 Plus Black, white, red, yellow and orange! Detail Our Brands Overview E Ink Spectra™ 3100 Black, white, red and yellow! Detail ESL Solution Integrators Our Brands Overview E Ink Spectra™ - Yellow Vivid Black, White, Yellow Detail ESL Solution Integrators Brands Overview E Ink Spectra™ - Red Vivid Black, White, Red Detail ESL Solution Integrators Our Brands Overivew E Ink Gallery™ Advanced Color ePaper, full colors Detail Our Brands Overview E Ink Kaleido™ Print Color ePaper, 4096 tender colors Detail Our Brands Overview E Ink Prism™ Color changing film Detail Our Brands Overview E Ink Carta™ Monochrome Detail Our Brands Overview E Ink Mobius™ Flexible ePaper Detail Our Brands Overview Who we are The ePaper Technology Leader E Ink’s corporate philosophy centers around delivering revolutionary products, excellent user experiences, and environmental benefits through advanced technology development. Technology Where Are We About E Ink Our Promise We Make Surfaces Smart and Green Our ePaper Products Are Friendly to Both Environment and User. Our ESG News ESG Report Follow Our FB! INVESTOR Relationship Listed in the DJSI World Index and Emerging Markets Index Dow Jones Sustainability Indices CEO Message More Monthly Sales More Annual Report More 8069TWO 2024 . Mar . 7 14:30 Taipei Time 4Q-2023 Results Conference (Mandarin) Webinar ID: 975-061-571 Investor Overview APPLICATIONS Reading & Writing Education Business & Office Mobile & Wearables Retail Logistics & Factory Healthcare & Hospital Transportation Automotive Innovative Design PRODUCT ePaper Display Module Customer Showcase Business Partner BRAND Spectra Gallery Kaleido Prism Carta Mobius Aurora SURF JustTint NEWS & INFO. CENTER INVESTOR RELATIONS TECHNOLOGY ESG AREA OUR COMPANY CAREERS Contact Online Shop PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF USE COOKIE POLICY © 2023 E INK HOLDINGS INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. To help us continually offer you the best experience on our Website and help us manage it, E Ink Holdings Inc. and selected third parties will store some information on your computer or device using cookies to improve your navigation on this Website, help us understand traffic patterns and website visitor behavior and enhance website visitor experience. To find more about what cookies are, the ones on this Website and how to block or delete them,check out our Cookie Policy . Decline Accept