Am I Unique ? My Fingerprint See My Fingerprint See My History My Extension See Timeline Global Statistics Survey Blog Useful Links Privacy Policy Privacy Tools Other Links FAQ ? Join Us About Language EnglishFrench See My History See Timeline Global Statistics Privacy Policy Privacy Tools Useful Links Survey Blog Join Us About Javascript is disabled on your browser! Some of features may not work properly. Visit website pages : Global Statistics Privacy Policy Privacy Tools Useful Links Survey Blog Join Us About Learn how identifiable you are on the Internet Help us investigate the diversity of web browsers This website aims at studying the diversity of browser fingerprints and providing developers with data to help them design good defenses. Contribute to the efforts by viewing your own browser fingerprint or consult the current statistics of data provided by users around the world! If you click on this button. See My Fingerprint we will collect your browser fingerprint and we will put a cookie on your browser for a period of 4 months. More details are available in the Privacy Policy Am I Unique ? What is browser fingerprinting? Device fingerprinting or browser fingerprinting is the systematic collection of information about a remote device, for identification purposes. Client-side scripting languages allow the development of procedures to collect very rich fingerprints: browser and operating system type and version, screen resolution, architecture type, lists of fonts, plugins, microphone, camera, etc. What's New ? Port Contention Goes Portable: Port Contention Side Channels in Web Browsers 07/20/2022, 10 min CPU Port Contention, a recently discovered micro-architectural side-channel, can be implemented in web-browsers, substantially increasing the attack surface. Explaining DrawnApart, a remote GPU fingerprinting technique 01/31/2022, 9 min DrawnApart is a new technique to fingerprint GPUs using the WebGL API. It can distinguish identical GPUs. Fingerprint History Statistics FAQ ? Am I Unique ? This website aims at studying the diversity of browser fingerprints and providing developers with data to help them design good defenses. Contribute to the efforts by viewing your own browser fingerprint or consult the current statistics of data provided by users around the world! If you click on this button. Quick links Blog Join Us About Contact us browser-fingerprinting@univ-lille.fr Email 40 avenue Halley, 59650 Villeneuve d’Ascq, France Address 2024 — AmIUnique.org