Debian bug tracking system Skip Quicknav Blog Micronews Planet Debian bug tracking system Debian bug tracking system Debian has a bug tracking system (BTS) in which we file details of bugs reported by users and developers. Each bug is given a number, and is kept on file until it is marked as having been dealt with. How to report a bug in Debian A separate page has instructions and tips on how to report a bug if you encounter problems in the Debian distribution. Bug tracking system documentation Advanced information on how to use the system Information on manipulating bugs by email Mailservers' reference card Ways of accessing the bug report logs Requesting bug reports by email Viewing bug reports on the WWW Find a bug by number: as mbox show all headers show boring messages Select bug reports on the WWW Select bugs in packagetaggedwith severityin source packagein packages maintained bysubmitted byowned bywith statuswith mail fromnewest bugs More selections can be added after the first search. If a later selection is on the same search field, the results are ORed. If it is on a different field, the results are ANDed. Valid severities are critical, grave, serious, important, normal, minor, wishlist, fixed. Valid tags are patch, wontfix, moreinfo, unreproducible, help, security, upstream, pending, confirmed, ipv6, lfs, d-i, l10n, newcomer, a11y, ftbfs, fixed-upstream, fixed, fixed-in-experimental, potato, woody, sarge, etch, lenny, squeeze, wheezy, jessie, stretch, buster, bullseye, bookworm, trixie, forky, sid, experimental, sarge-ignore, etch-ignore, lenny-ignore, squeeze-ignore, wheezy-ignore, jessie-ignore, stretch-ignore, buster-ignore, bullseye-ignore, bookworm-ignore, trixie-ignore forky-ignore . Include Bugs with subject containingtaggedwith severitywith pending statewith submitter containingwith forwarded containingwith owner containingwith package Exclude Bugs with subject containingtaggedwith severitywith pending statewith submitter containingwith forwarded containingwith owner containingwith package Order by normaloldviewrawage Misc options Repeat Merged Reverse Bugs Reverse Pending Reverse Severity No Bugs which affect packages None testing oldstable stable experimental unstableUnarchivedArchivedArchived and Unarchived Submit The above queries can also be made by visiting URLs of the following forms, respectively: https://bugs.debian.org/number https://bugs.debian.org/mbox:number https://bugs.debian.org/package https://bugs.debian.org/src:sourcepackage https://bugs.debian.org/maintainer@email.address https://bugs.debian.org/from:submitter@email.address https://bugs.debian.org/severity:severity https://bugs.debian.org/tag:tag Searching bug reports The Ultimate Debian Database (UDD) provides a multi-criteria search engine for bugs. Another way to search bug reports is to use Google Groups. Alternative sites that allow searching for bug reports include The Mail Archive. Supplementary information The current list of Release Critical Bugs. The current list of pseudo-packages recognized by the Debian bug tracking system. The following bug report indices are available: Packages with active and archived bug reports. Source packages with active and archived bug reports. Maintainers of packages with active and archived bug reports. Submitters of active and archived bug reports. Note: some of the previously available indices of bug reports aren't available due to internal problems with the program that generated them. We apologize for the inconvenience. Spam Reports The Bug Tracking system often receives spam. To report spam in the bug tracking system, find the bug report by number, and click "this bug log contains spam" near the bottom. Debian BTS administrators <owner@bugs.debian.org> Debian bug tracking system Copyright © 1999 Darren O. Benham, 1997, 2003 nCipher Corporation Ltd, 1994-1997 Ian Jackson. Back to the Debian Project homepage. This page is also available in the following languages: Български (Bəlgarski) català česky dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά (Ellinika) español français hrvatski Italiano 한국어 (Korean) magyar Nederlands 日本語 (Nihongo) polski Português Русский (Russkij) slovenčina suomi svenska Tiếng Việt українська (ukrajins'ka) 中文(简) 中文(HK) 中文(繁) How to set the default document language Home About Social Contract Code of Conduct Free Software Legal Info Help Debian Getting Debian Network install CD/USB ISO images Pure Blends Debian Packages Developers' Corner News Project News Events Documentation Release Info Debian Wiki Support Debian International Security Information Bug reports Mailing Lists Site map Search The Debian Blog Debian Micronews Debian Planet See our contact page to get in touch. Web site source code is available. Last Modified: Fri, Jan 27 19:24:12 UTC 2023 Last Built: Thu, Feb 15 11:27:18 UTC 2024