Homepage | Hopkins Press Skip to main content Now Browsing: To navigate items, use the arrow, home, and end keys. Press Books Journals Open Access Project MUSE HFS Menu Close Search JHU Press To navigate items, use the arrow, home, and end keys. Shop Books Journals Information For Book Authors For Journal Authors For Journal Editors For Educators For Booksellers For Media Book Catalogs Journal Catalogs News & Events Newsroom Awards Events Podcasts & More About About The Press History Code of Conduct Accessibility Leadership Careers Rights & Permissions Online References Support The Press Search Account Out Now! - Fight Heart Disease Like Cancer by Michael V. McConnell, MD, MSEE The main cause of heart disease—the world's number one killer of women and men—is a cancer-like "tumor" inside the coronary arteries that keep our hearts beating. Although this similarity to cancer is well-established in medical journals, most people (and their health care providers) don't approach heart disease as seriously as cancer, even though it's just as deadly. In Fight Heart Disease Like Cancer, cardiologist Michael McConnell shares the stories of his family, patients, and research to lay out a modern and effective approach to preventing, screening for, and treating heart disease like cancer to avoid its dire consequences. The History of Crowd Control How do the artifacts of crowd control - such as tickets, turnstiles, and velvet ropes - commoditize culture, sort spectator bodies, and sculpt audience behavior? Now on the podcast: we talk with Scott Kushner about the technological history of performance venues. Scholarship FOR ALL Journals and books from Project MUSE can enrich teaching, learning, and research at your institution. With a wide variety of acquisition models, we’re sure to have an option that suits your needs and budget. The Rich Flee and the Poor Take the Bus, Available February 13 When an epidemic outbreak occurs, the most physical and financial harm historically falls upon the people who can least afford it: the economically and socially marginalized. Where people live and work, how they commute and socialize, and more have a huge impact on the risks we bear during an outbreak. In The Rich Flee and the Poor Take the Bus, economist Troy Tassier examines examples ranging from the 430 BCE plague of Athens to the COVID-19 pandemic to demonstrate why marginalized groups bear the largest burden of epidemic costs—and how to avoid these systemic failures in the future. 2022's Most Read Hopkins Press Journal Articles This collection of 2022's most read articles from Hopkins Press Journals reflects the breadth - and lifespan - of the scholarly research we publish. Previous Next Books Journals Project Muse HFS We envision a future where knowledge enriches the lives of every person. At Hopkins Press, our vision - that every person’s life be strengthened by knowledge - serves to energize us every day. Whether through our expansive book collection, broad catalog of scholarly journals, or immersive library of information with Project MUSE®, we strive to bring knowledge to life and welcome everyone to embark on a new journey. Inspiration We strive to put forth new ideas and bursts of creativity that ignite ingenuity and propel us forward, honoring the spirit of innovation. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Access We are dedicated to building antiracism and inclusion into our culture and products by adopting inclusive and equitable hiring practices, and publishing titles spanning from antiracism to LGBTQ rights by an inclusive array of authors and researchers. BOLDNESS At Hopkins Press, we work hard to publish courageously, champion academic freedom and give voice to groundbreaking ideas. Explore Explore our Titles The Beast Within Jessica Serratranslated by Alison Duncan $19.95 Quick Add The Beast Within The Beast Within Jessica Serratranslated by Alison Duncan Publication Date 2024 Binding Type Paperback $19.95 E-book $19.95 Quantity Leave this field blank Progress in Community Health Partnerships: Research, Education, and Action Co-Editors-in-Chief : A. Hal Strelnick, MD; Albert Einstein College of Medicine and Karen Calhoun, MA University of Michigan Institute for Clinical & Health Research Subscribe Viruses and Reproductive Injustice Ilana Löwy $59.95 Quick Add Viruses and Reproductive Injustice Viruses and Reproductive Injustice Ilana Löwy Publication Date 2024 Binding Type Paperback $59.95 E-book $59.95 Quantity Leave this field blank Journal of Late Antiquity Managing Editor : Sabine Huebner, University of Basel, Switzerland Subscribe New release Dying at Home third edition Andrea Sankarwith CM Cassady third edition $27.95 Quick Add Dying at Home third edition Dying at Home Andrea Sankarwith CM Cassady third edition Publication Date 2024 Binding Type Paperback $27.95 E-book $27.95 Hardcover $54.95 Quantity Leave this field blank Modernism/modernity Editors : Anjali Nerlekar, Rutgers University, and Stephen Ross, Concordia University Subscribe HBCU Marybeth Gasman and Levon T. Esters $34.95 Quick Add HBCU HBCU Marybeth Gasman and Levon T. Esters Publication Date 2024 Binding Type Hardcover $34.95 E-book $34.95 Quantity Leave this field blank Special Issue Social Research: An International Quarterly Editor : Arien Mack, The New School for Social Research Subscribe The Black Family's Guide to College Admissions second edition Timothy L. Fields and Shereem Herndon-Brownforeword by Akil Bello second edition $22.95 Quick Add The Black Family's Guide to College Admissions second edition The Black Family's Guide to College Admissions Timothy L. Fields and Shereem Herndon-Brownforeword by Akil Bello second edition Publication Date 2024 Binding Type Paperback $22.95 E-book $22.95 Quantity Leave this field blank Lutheran Quarterly Editors : Paul Rorem, Princeton Theological Seminary, Princeton, NJ Subscribe News Newsroom Featured Post ICYMI: New & Notable Articles (4 Mar 2024) March 4, 2024 Read more News Strut into the Fabulous World of Math in Drag March 4, 2024 News On Democratic Governance for University Faculty, Staff and Students February 28, 2024 News ICYMI: New & Notable Articles (26 Feb 2024) February 26, 2024 News From the Archives: A Black History Month Reading List February 21, 2024 Visit the Newsroom JHU Press Contact Us Twitter Facebook Instagram Linkedin YouTube Mastodon 2715 North Charles Street Baltimore MD 21218-3263 (410) 516-6900 To navigate items, use the arrow, home, and end keys. About About the Press Leadership Careers Rights & Permissions Support the Press Explore Journals Project MUSE HFS Book Catalogs Journal Catalogs Help Books Customer Service Journals Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Information For Book Authors For Journal Authors For Journal Editors For Educators For Booksellers For Media Subscribe Books Journals Project MUSE © Copyright 2024 Johns Hopkins University Press Site Menu To navigate items, use the arrow, home, and end keys. Shop Books Journals Information For Book Authors For Journal Authors For Journal Editors For Educators For Booksellers For Media Book Catalogs Journal Catalogs News & Events Newsroom Awards Events Podcasts & More About About The Press History Code of Conduct Accessibility Leadership Careers Rights & Permissions Online References Support The Press Welcome to Johns Hopkins University Press! We use cookies and other technologies on this site to provide you with the best user experience. By clicking the accept button, you agree to us doing so. Learn More Accept No, thanks