Jumpshare: Free File Sharing - Send Large Files, Videos, Photos Online Sign Up Sign up with Google Sign up with Microsoft Sign up with Apple or Sign up with Email Already have an account? Sign In Sign In Sign in with Google Sign in with Microsoft Sign in with Apple or Sign in with Email You can also continue with SAML SSO Don't have an account? Sign Up Features File Sharing Screenshot Capture Screen Recording Pricing Download Sign In Sign Up Free Share your work in seconds. Visually. Share your work and ideas through instantly shareable links. Jumpshare combines file sharing, screenshot capture, and video recording - all in one platform. Delight your customers by previewing over 200 file formats online Start Sharing - It's Free! More than 1 million people use Jumpshare to share their work and ideas visually File Sharing Deliver your work at the speed of light Drag files to the Jumpshare menu bar icon and a shareable link will be copied to your clipboard. Instantly showcase your work to clients by previewing over 200 file formats online. Screenshot Capture Stop typing and start showing Take back your time and avoid misunderstandings. Capture pixel perfect screenshots with annotation and markup to share ideas, bugs and concepts clearly. Screen Recording Guide your customers with personalized videos Record your screen in video or GIF instead of writing a thousand words. Use screen recording with drawing, webcam, and audio to guide your customers quickly. Everything you need to share in one platform Instant Sharing Jumpshare sits in the menu bar so you can quickly share your work and ideas. Views Tracking Find out who viewed your files, when, and from where. Get instant alerts in-app or via email. Timed Comments Get accurate feedback from all stakeholders by having them comment directly on your files. Easy Editing Edit your videos anytime with a CTA button, trimming, and custom static or GIF thumbnail. Easy Organization Organize everything in visually stunning folders - choose how they appear and who can access them. Magical Integration All Jumpshare shareable links are magical - they work everywhere you do. Get Jumpshare For Free Instant Sharing Jumpshare sits in the menu bar so you can quickly share your work and ideas. Views Tracking Find out who viewed your files, when, and from where. Get instant alerts in-app or via email. Timed Comments Get accurate feedback from all stakeholders by having them comment directly on your files.. Easy Editing Edit your videos anytime with a CTA button, trimming, and custom static or GIF thumbnail. Easy Organization Organize everything in visually stunning folders - choose how they appear and who can access them. Magical Integration All Jumpshare share links are magical - they work everywhere you do. Trusted by over a million users Rated 4.8 stars on the App Store Jord Riekwel Logo Designer, Larkef Jumpshare is my go-to way of sending design mockups and final files to clients. It is simple, fast, and reliable. Anthony Painter Board Member, Arowana Capital Jumpshare lets me see who has viewed which file. This is important because it allows me to time follow up calls. Ethan Darling IT Manager, Thayer School Jumpshare replaces about four or five apps that I would typically need to use every day. This is such an improvement to my workflow. Paul Watson CTO and Cofounder, Kinzen I use Jumpshare dozens of times a day to share screenshots and video recordings of development work in Slack and even on Twitter. Jumpshare saves me a lot of time and feels like a native part of the OS. Bruce Bigelow Creative Director, Cream Electric Art We use Jumpshare to share files with our clients - either during development or for the final delivery. This is the best file sharing solution we have found that strikes a great balance between usability, speed and price. Matt Nicolae IT Business Analyst, Enjoy Jumpshare is perfect for creating walkthrough videos for a new employee. It also helps me immensely when trying to explain bugs to our engineering team. Get started with Jumpshare today Start Sharing - It's Free! ©2024 Jumpshare. All Rights Reserved. Features File Sharing Screenshot Capture Screen Recorder Mic Test Webcam Test All Features Download Windows Mac iPhone Apps Learn More Blog Pricing Plus Business File Formats Compare WeTransfer Skitch Dropbox Gyazo Zight Lightshot Droplr Loom Support Help Center Terms of Use Privacy Policy DPA (GDPR) Security Contact Us