URL Shortener - Short URLs & Custom Free Link Shortener | Bitly Skip Navigation Easily track, manage, and analyze link and QR Code performance in one place. Learn more Menu Products URL ShortenerCustomize, share, and track links QR CodesDynamic solutions to fit every business need Link-in-bioCurate and track links for social media profiles AnalyticsA central place to track and analyze the performance of all short links and QR Codes 2D BarcodesAdd a Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) to QR Codes designed for packaging Solutions RetailEnhance customer engagement Consumer Packaged GoodsConnect directly with consumers Media & EntertainmentCreate interactive experiences Tech Software & HardwareImprove product education HospitalityStreamline guest services Pricing Resources DevelopersAPI documentation and resources BlogTips, best practices and more Resource LibraryEbooks and webinars Apps and IntegrationsConnect Bitly with existing tools and discover new ones SupportFAQs and help articles Trust CenterPolicies, resources and tools to keep you safe Log in Sign up Free Get a Quote Products URL ShortenerCustomize, share, and track links QR CodesDynamic solutions to fit every business need Link-in-bioCurate and track links for social media profiles AnalyticsA central place to track and analyze the performance of all short links and QR Codes 2D BarcodesAdd a Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) to QR Codes designed for packaging Solutions RetailEnhance customer engagement Consumer Packaged GoodsConnect directly with consumers Media & EntertainmentCreate interactive experiences Tech Software & HardwareImprove product education HospitalityStreamline guest services Pricing Resources DevelopersAPI documentation and resources Apps and IntegrationsConnect Bitly with existing tools and discover new ones Resource LibraryEbooks and webinars BlogTips, best practices and more Trust CenterPolicies, resources and tools to keep you safe SupportFAQs and help articles Log in Sign up Free Get a Quote Menu Build stronger digital connections Use our URL shortener, QR Codes, and Link-in-bio pages to engage your audience and connect them to the right information. Build, edit, and track everything inside the Bitly Connections Platform. Get Started for Free Get a Quote Great connections start with a click Sign up for a free account and put Bitly to work Short link QR Code Link-in-bio Shorten a long link Paste a long URL Domain ?Unavailable on free accounts. Upgrade to use a custom domain Enter a back-half (optional)?Add your own words at the end of a link (e.g., “bit.ly/twitter_bits” instead of “bit.ly/2ZonlUz”) End your link with words that will make it unique Create a QR Code Enter your QR Code destination QR Codes are everywhere Connect your real-world audience to your online content. Build a Link-in-bio page and showcase your links Claim your Link-in-bio URL?The link you'll share to take people to your Link-in-bio page ?Unavailable on free accounts. Upgrade to use a custom domain Create a page for all your links Make it easy for your customers and followers to engage with your select links. Design a stunning, compact page, share it, and watch the clicks roll in. No credit card required. Your free plan includes: Short links QR Codes Link-in-bio page The Bitly Connections Platform All the products you need to build brand connections, manage links and QR Codes, and connect with audiences everywhere, in a single unified platform. URL Shortener A comprehensive solution to help make every point of connection between your content and your audience more powerful. Popular Link Management Features URL shortening at scale Custom links with your brand URL redirects Advanced analytics & tracking Get Started for Free Learn More QR Codes QR Code solutions for every customer, business and brand experience. Popular QR Code Features Fully customizable QR Codes Dynamic QR Codes QR Code types & destination options Advanced analytics & tracking Get Started for Free Learn More Link-in-bio Bitly Link-in-bio, powered by Bitly Link Management, to help you curate, package and track your best links. Popular Link-in-bio Features Custom URLs for social media Customizable landing page Easy-to-manage links Link and landing page tracking Get Started for Free Learn More 500K global paying customers 256M links & QR Codes created monthly 10B connections (clicks & scans) monthly 800+ app integrations What Bitly customers are saying Our goal was to implement a system that would not interrupt the gameplay experience when a new update was announced, and we found QR Codes to be the perfect answer. Bitly is user-friendly and accessible. It’s the one-stop-shop for all link-associated things. The more I use Bitly, the more valuable it becomes to me. It cuts my time down because it saves all my information, and it gives me insight into which links are most popular and have the most clicks. Bitly has enabled us to build trust with clients by giving them branded short links that carry the main message of the link and that carries our brand. Bitly also gives us data analytics on who is clicking our links which helps us carry the clients forward in the advertising process. Frequently asked questions What is a URL shortener? A URL shortener, also known as a link shortener, seems like a simple tool, but it is a service that can have a dramatic impact on your marketing efforts. Link shorteners work by transforming any long URL into a shorter, more readable link. When a user clicks the shortened version, they’re automatically forwarded to the destination URL. Think of a short URL as a more descriptive and memorable nickname for your long webpage address. You can, for example, use a short URL like bit.ly/CelebrateBitly so people will have a good idea about where your link will lead before they click it. If you’re contributing content to the online world, you need a URL shortener. Make your URLs stand out with our easy to use free link shortener above. Benefits of a short URL How many people can even remember a long web address, especially if it has tons of characters and symbols? A short URL can make your link more memorable. Not only does it allow people to easily recall and share your link with others, it can also dramatically improve traffic to your content. On a more practical side, a short URL is also easier to incorporate into your collateral – whether you’re looking to engage with your customers offline or online. Bitly is the best URL shortener for everyone, from influencers to small brands to large enterprises, who are looking for a simple way to create, track and manage their links. Find a plan that works for you What is a custom URL shortener? A custom URL shortener, sometimes referred to as a branded URL shortener, lets you brand your links. For example, instead of bit.ly/2m75BWD, you could use a custom short URL like yourbrnd.co/2m75BWD. There are several benefits of branding your short links. Branded links build trust between your audience and your business, drive more clicks, give your audience a preview of where they are being taken and increase brand awareness. A link shortening service that includes custom short URLs is vital to improving audience engagement with your communications. A short URL is good, but a custom URL works every time. What is a QR Code? Quick response or QR, is a type of barcode that can store a multitude of information. The obvious difference between a QR Code and Barcode is its appearance. A QR Code is usually in the shape of a square and contains smaller, even blocks similar to Tetris. A Barcode, on the other hand, has vertical bars in different thicknesses and is often accompanied by a serial number. What can a QR Code do? Because of its versatility, a QR Code can be programmed to do a multitude of things. It can be split into two formats: Dynamic and Static. A Dynamic QR Code is useful for businesses or nonprofits in their marketing strategy because of its advantages. Though it needs a subscription to work, it is a small price to pay compared to the benefits it offers. Dynamic QR Code solutions are editable, which means if you made a mistake and only noticed it after the QR Codes are printed, you can easily log in to the dashboard and fix them without changing the appearance of the already printed Codes. What is a Link-in-bio? The term “Link-in-bio” refers to the clickable URL that you can add to your profile section for social media. Most social media platforms give you the option to add a link in your bio to take followers to your website, product page, content or some other important page. Why choose Bitly? Whether you’re sharing one link or scan or millions, our platform was built to help you make every point of connection between your content and your audience ignite action. It’s why the most recognized brands in the world love our platform. Get started today More than a free link shortener Get Started Get closer to your audience and customers today Start for free More than a free link shortener Get Started Get closer to your audience and customers today Start for free Why Bitly? Integrations & API Enterprise Class Pricing Products URL Shortener QR Codes Link-in-bio Analytics 2D Barcodes Company About Bitly Careers Diversity & Inclusion Partners Press Contact Reviews Accessibility Report Solutions Social Media Digital Marketing Customer Service For Developers CPG Retail Media & Entertainment Tech Software & Hardware Hospitality Features Branded Links Mobile Links Resources Blog Resource Library Developers Apps and Integrations Support Trust Center Browser Extension Mobile App Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy Code of Conduct Company About Bitly Careers Diversity & Inclusion Partners Press Contact Reviews Accessibility Report © 2024 Bitly | Handmade in New York City, Denver, Berlin, Bielefeld, and all over the world. twitter Instagram linkedin Facebook