Astrodienst - The World's Best Horoscopes - Astrodienst My Astro Hello [not logged in] User Profile Disable dark mode Login Home EN Language: Deutsch Dansk English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Português Türkçe Русский 中文 日本语 Shopping Cart My Astro Hello [not logged in] User Profile Disable dark mode Login HoroscopesHoroscopes Free Horoscopes Horoscopes by Topics All Horoscopes at a Glance Today & Tomorrow Personal Daily Horoscope Daily Love Horoscope Daily Celestial Events Weekly Horoscope Yearly Horoscope Analysis Beyond Midlife Short Report Forecast Color Oracle Personality Psychological Horoscope Personal Portrait AstroClick Portrait Stories from the Stars Color Horoscope The Seven Sins Career & Vocation Money and Success Horoscope Relationship & Love Relationship Horoscope Partner Horoscope AstroClick Partner Astrology for Lovers AstroClick Love Love, Flirtation & Sex Children The Child`s Horoscope Children & Young People Horoscope Drawings & Data Chart Drawing, Ascendant Extended Chart Selection Astrology Atlas Query Create an Ephemeris Current Planets Your VIP Astro-Twins ADB Search Tool Location Astrology AstroClick Travel AstroClick Local Space Traditional Astrology The Best Time - Electional Horoscope Visit the Astro Shop Astro ShopShop The World's Best Horoscopes All Horoscopes at a Glance Quality of Time Yearly Horoscope Analysis Long-Term Perspectives Transits of the Year Beyond Midlife Personal Eclipse Report Forecast Horoscope Personality Psychological Horoscope Analysis The Seven Sins Stories from the Stars Money and Success Horoscope Career and Vocation Personal Portrait Love Horoscope Color Horoscope Online Services & Subscriptions Extended Daily Horoscope The Best Time (Electional Horoscope) PDF Chart Drawings Extended Data Storage Swiss Ephemeris Topics at Glance Personality Reports Relationship Horoscopes Forecast Horoscopes Children and Young People Online Services & Subscriptions Chart Drawings in PDF format Relationship Relationship Horoscope Horoscope for Two Partner Horoscope Children & Young People The Child's Horoscope Youth Horoscope All about AstrologyAstrology All about Astrology All about Astrology - Overview Astrology Basics A Brief Introduction to Astrology First Steps in Astrology Astrology and Psychology Understanding Astrology Advanced Astrology Articles Articles by Liz Greene Articles by Robert Hand Articles by Dana Gerhardt Articles from partners The Astrological Journal The Mountain Astrologer The Evolving Astrologer Timelords Magazine The FAA Journal Education Study Astrology CPA London The Sophia Centre Astrologos Faculty of Astrological Studies Mercury Internet School MISPA Information & Data Current Newsletter Astro Wiki Astro-Databank ADB Search Tool FAQ Forum Archive Ephemeris & Atlas Ephemeris 2023 Ephemeris 2024 9000 Years Ephemeris Swiss Ephemeris Direct Atlas Query Current Planets 6-Mar-2024, 00:58 UT/GMT Sun1556'34"5s33 Moon1554'48"27s40 Mercury2159'58"4s14 Venus2243'58"14s47 Mars1649'28"16s50 Jupiter1211'51"14n39 Saturn1031'42"9s07 Uranus1943'56"17n24 Neptune2655'40"2s20 Pluto120'43"22s40 TrueNode1559'33"r6n18 Chiron1729'27"8n00 Explanations of the symbols Chart of the moment Disable dark mode share tweet e-mail The Art of Astrology Welcome to Astrodienst and the world's best horoscopes! Daily Horoscope Your individual topics for each day! With the Love Horoscope and the Celestial Events! Free Horoscopes Find all the free horoscopes: Personality, Forecast, Love and Relationship and much more. Charts & Calculations For Astrologers: Chart Drawings, Ephemeris, Data Collections and more The Best Time Find the best moment for your project - with the electional horoscope! Star Signs, by Liz Greene Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagit­tarius Capri­corn Aquarius Pisces Liz Greene's Astrology for Lovers I am Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius Capricorn Aquarius Pisces female male He is / She is ??? Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius Capricorn Aquarius Pisces female male First Steps Current 04.03.2024 From the ASTROLOGICAL JOURNAL Erin Sullivan: Astro*Carto*Graphy in the rectification of Diana’s chart In this extract from Erin Sullivan’s reissued book Where in the World? the rectification tool of Astro*Carto*Graphy is applied to the disputed chart of Diana Spencer, Princess of Wales. Is Libra or Sagittarius the rising sign? The author reaches a surprising conclusion. This essay is part of a seminar given in 1997 shortly after the princess’ death and includes audience interaction. 01.03.2024 From TIMELORDS MAGAZINE Julija Simas and Peta Santos: Cosmic Cooking with the Astrologer and the Chef - Ceres Beyond Mars and before Jupiter we find the 1000’s of asteroids that circulate between them. Yet the largest of them all and the 1st to be discovered in 1901 was Ceres. In 2006, Ceres was reclassified as a dwarf planet in the same group as Pluto, Eris and others and is now very much considered part of our planetary pantheon. So, too, we include her here for our next inspiration for Cosmic Cooking. 28.02.2024 In Memoriam: Erin Sullivan Astrologer Erin Sullivan passed away in December 2023 after a long illness. She worked as a consultant astrologer from 1972 and taught in Canada, the USA and the UK. She lived in London for a time and was also a lecturer at Liz Greene's Centre for Psychological Astrology. Read more... 27.02.2024 Newsletter March 2024 For once, no Pluto themes are in the spotlight of this month's newsletter. In March, the focus is on Venus, Mars, Mercury, and Neptune. They indicate an active and open atmosphere. A lunar eclipse in Libra at the end of the month calls for a sincere commitment to a stable foundation. Astro Shop ASTRO*INTELLIGENCE horoscope interpretations are considered the best (computer-generated) horoscopes world-wide. You will be surprised by the clarity and depth of these comprehensive and accurate interpretations. World's Best Horoscopes High Quality Horoscopes and Subscriptions Enter the Astro Shop Beyond Midlife Psychological Horoscope Yearly Horoscope Analysis Relationship Horoscope Show all horoscopes in the Astro Shop All about Astrology Here you will find everything about astrology, from the introductions for beginners to articles on special topics. This treasury of astrology contains the knowledge of the best astrologers in the world, with articles from Liz Greene, Robert Hand, Dana Gerhardt and many more excellent authors. Furthermore: Articles from the Mountain Astrologer, the AA Journal, Infinity Astrological Magazine and Constellation News. Go to the overview page New Articles from our partners The EVOLVING ASTROLOGER 21.02.2024 Denise Hancock: Chiron's Influence in Astrology Forty-six years ago, Chiron was discovered by Astronomer Charles Kowal on November 1, 1977. Kowal timed the discovery to “A few minutes before 10 am." The chart was rectified by astrologers Zane Stein and Al H. Morrison to 9:56 am in Pasadena, California. Chiron is in mid-Aries at the 2023 December Solstice, about 7° from the True North Node, a conjunction that perfects on Feb 19, 2024. The MOUNTAIN ASTROLOGER 07.02.2024 Maurice Fernandez: When Walls Collapse and Heroes Rise - The Great 2025-26 Saturn-Neptune Conjunction at 1° Aries Looking back at recent history, many of us can recall the last conjunction of Saturn with Neptune in Capricorn: November 1989, marking the fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of the Soviet empire. The next Saturn–Neptune conjunction will occur at the 0° Aries point, the first degree of the zodiac, itself marking the birth of a new era. The conjunction will be near exact in July 2025, and will perfect at 0° Aries on February 20, 2026. The ASTROLOGICAL JOURNAL 01.02.2024 Anne Whitaker: The Jupiter-Uranus Cycles - Taking the Long View On 20 April 2024 the Jupiter-Uranus exact conjunction occurs in Taurus – and this is not just an aspect for one day. Its ‘influence’ occupies a considerable timeline from build-up to aftermath, and here I examine what the past tells us of its historical correlations when these two powerhouse celestials join. TIMELORDS MAGAZINE 31.01.2024 Kamila Lizis: Balancing between Order and Chaos - Stanley Kubrick's Adaptation of "2001: A Space Odyssey" In the same way that cinema can be merely either for pleasure or education, do we listen to astrology for mere entertainment, draining our emotions or perhaps to better understand the deeper pathways of possibility beyond that of our conscious sensory awareness? The intention of our astrology is a personal choice, but there exists a deeper, more evolutionary transition beyond that of the ego. The FAA JOURNAL 16.01.2024 Joy Usher: Saints or Sinners - A Case for Munakara Munakara is a word used to describe a condition arrived at through a particular sequence of planetary rulerships. Munakara is a two-step process based on the planetary sect principle that each of the seven original planets can be divided into either the diurnal or the nocturnal sect. This is determined by whether a planet’s qualities (hot, cold, wet and dry) are compatible with, or modified by, their belonging to one of the two sect divisions. UNDERSTANDING ASTROLOGY 27.02.2024 Vanesa Maiorana and Alejandro Luna: EcoAstrology - Integrating Personal and Planetary Consciousness The Natal Chart is the tool we use to work "with ourselves," to "understand ourselves better," to feel more "inner" fulfillment through the recognition of lights and shadows, and potentials. This is absolutely necessary. However, it is no longer sufficient. Inner work is fundamental to the development of healthy bonds with others, with the environment, and with life. The personal process must be integrated into the global process, which is collective. 25.01.2024 Review: The Astrology Wine Tasting Calendar, by Ralph and Lahni DeAmicis Did you know that wines taste differently on different days? I suppose we all know the experience of drinking a lovely wine on holiday, and, taking it home, its delicious flavors seem to have transformed into … well, something else. But when Ralph De Amicis sent me the Astrology Wine Tasting Calendar, explaining that the wine tasting experience changes with every Moon sign, I was hooked (enjoying a good glass myself now and again). First Steps Current Planets 6-Mar-2024, 00:58 UT/GMT Sun1556'34"5s33 Moon1554'48"27s40 Mercury2159'58"4s14 Venus2243'58"14s47 Mars1649'28"16s50 Jupiter1211'51"14n39 Saturn1031'42"9s07 Uranus1943'56"17n24 Neptune2655'40"2s20 Pluto120'43"22s40 TrueNode1559'33"r6n18 Chiron1729'27"8n00 Explanations of the symbols Chart of the moment 9000YearsEphemeris Astro-DatabankBirthdays & New Data Today's Birthdays Birthday on March 6th O'Neal, Shaquille Vincent, Jo García Márquez, Gabriel Arnold, Tom Stossel, John Greenwald, Glenn McMahon, Ed Browning, Elizabeth Barrett Rostagno, Mauro Peck, Edward Wilson, Mary Konsel, Michael Tyler the Creator Wills, Bob Ward, Zhavia Vizard, Steve Gringasho Maazel, Lorin Abreu, Alê Kneteman, Gerriemore> Yesterday's birthdays Birthday on March 5th Gibb, Andy Jillette, Penn Bleier, Rocky Harrison, Rex Bankman-Fried, Sam Exotic, Joe Cantat, Bertrand Stockwell, Dean Beer, Madison Jesus dos Santos, Mélanie de Costa Filho, Sílvio Vučić, Aleksandar Reid, Charlie Arnault, Bernard Ramsey, Willis Alan Abd el Farrag, Nadja Adams, India Torero, José Luis Riefenstahl, Heinz Nwandu, Antoinettemore> New in Astrodatabank New in Astrodatabank Willis, Fani Ogden, Richard C. Brown, Michael D. Leigh, Tamara Thomas, Zeke Houlgrave, Jess Esiason, Sydney Ribeiro Dantas, Marcelo Navarro Scherer, Isabella Dias, Cristiane Asperger, Hans Gallagher, Gene Pucher, Janez Kuhar, Alojzij Voranc, Prežihov Missia, Francis Missia, Jakob Linhart, Anton Tomaž Murko, Matija Pohlin, Markomore> Topics in the Astro Shop Personal Relationship Forecast Children Subscriptions First Steps on the website × How to create a horoscope FirstHoroscope EnterData SelectData You can access all free horoscope interpretations such as the "Personal Daily Horoscope" via the side navigation ☰ in the section "Free Horoscopes" and the high-quality horoscope interpretations by Liz Greene and other authors in the section "Astro Shop". When you create a horoscope for the first time, you will be guided to the birth data entry page. Here you can enter the date, time (as exact as possible) and place of birth. In a second step, the key data of the horoscope are displayed and, if you do not yet have a user profile, you will be asked to register. After registering, the horoscope will be shown. Important: Birth data are treated confidentially and will not be passed on to third parties. Tip: Use the help buttons . You may also find answers to your questions in the FAQ. When you display a chart or horoscope report, you can use the "+New" button for entering new birth data and "Edit" for correcting the selected data; both are placed to the right of the Go button. On mobile devices, the buttons are hidden behind the blue symbol. Each horoscope has a selection list with the stored birth data at the top, where you can choose the person for whom you want to display it. Click on "Go" after making your selection. Registration, Shopping, Privacy: UserProfile Shopping Privacy The birth data you enter is automatically saved in your user profile. You can find them in "My Astro", at the top of every page or in the navigation ☰. You can connect to your data from all devices and save up to 100 pieces of data. Your data will be stored securely and not be passed on to third parties. If you have any questions about data security, please read the Astrodienst Privacy Policy. The user profile and the stored birth data can by deleted at any time. The high quality horoscope interpretations of the "Astro*Intelligence" series are considered to be the best computer horoscopes worldwide. You can find them in the Astro Shop. To give you an idea of the horoscope interpretations before you buy them, we have created free trial versions that can give you an insight into the quality. Complete sample horoscope interpretations are available for all horoscopes. Some online services require a fee, such as the Extended Daily Horoscope. You can purchase an inexpensive subscription for these services. All purchases are rewarded with an ad-free website (e.g. for the duration of the subscription)! The birth data you enter on this website are private and will not be shared with third parties. All data you entrust to us will be treated confidentially and in accordance with our privacy policy. Communication with the web server is fully encrypted. We are obliged to obtain your consent for data processing before you can use the services of astro.com. Therefore, you must agree to our privacy policy before entering any data. The same applies to cookie consent for our partners. Purchases in the Astro Shop are secure. Credit card payments are processed through a Swiss payment provider. In most countries, payment via PayPal is also possible. About Astrodienst Company Feedback Website The company Astrodienst AG was founded in the early 80s. In the beginning, the company founder Alois Treindl calculated horoscope charts for professional astrologers. In 1987, the first computer-generated horoscope interpretation followed, which he developed together with the renowned astrologer Liz Greene. The small Swiss company has been represented on the Internet with the website www.astro.com since 1996 and currently registers more than nine million visitors per month from all over the world. The small Astrodienst team consists of a handful of astrology enthusiasts who take care of the maintenance and development of the website as well as customer concerns. "The best horoscopes on the planet" is our whole-hearted slogan on the homepage. Of course, we at Astrodienst know that Liz Greene's horoscope interpretations are unique worldwide. But what do our customers think about it? You can find out more on our feedback page. www.astro.com is considered one of the world's most important platforms for astrology. The website is available in 12 languages. Countless astrologers around the globe calculate their horoscopes with the "Extended Chart Selection", consult the online ephemeris for 9000 years or get inspired by short horoscope interpretations. In addition, Astrodienst is also the home of Swiss Ephemeris, the calculation software for astrology programs, which can be freely licensed. Swiss Ephemeris is considered "state of the art" for astrological calculations. Close Copyright © 2024 Astrodienst AG - report a problem Leave mobile view As one of the largest astrology portals WWW.ASTRO.COM offers a lot of free features on the subject. With high-quality horoscope interpretations by the world's leading astrologers Liz Greene, Robert Hand and other authors, many free horoscopes and extensive information on astrology for beginners and professionals, www.astro.com is the first address for astrology on the web. [p=1923279] Homepage - Free Horoscopes - Astro Shop - Astrology Knowledge - Ephemeris - Authors and Staff - My Astro - Direct Atlas query - FAQ - Forum Archive - Contact - Privacy Policy - Terms of use - Sitemap