National Association of Home Builders | NAHB Menu Close Quick Find International Builders' Show Careers in Construction Month Member Savings Shop Payments Login Join Now NAHB Community Community Home Member Benefits HBAs Leadership and Committees Councils Awards Directories News and Economics Industry News Press Room Housing Economics Housing Economics PLUS Digital Media and Publications Advocacy Advocacy Overview Top Priorities Industry Issues State and Local NAHB Policies Get Involved Legal Issues Education and Events Education Professional Development Meetings and Events The International Builders' Show Why NAHB Value of Membership Types of Membership NAHB Past Chairmen and Presidents About NAHB Building Homes, Enriching Communities, Changing Lives The National Association of Home Builders represents the largest network of craftsmen, innovators and problem solvers dedicated to building and enriching communities. 2024 International Builders’ Show Attracts Largest Attendance in 15 Years More than 76,000 builders, remodelers, developers and other home building professionals filled the exhibit halls of the Las Vegas Convention Center as the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) hosted the 80th NAHB International Builders’ Show® (IBS), the largest annual light construction show in the world, Feb. 27-29. This milestone attendance, representing more than 100 countries and the highest level since 2009, reflects the bullish outlook of the residential construction industry. Learn more Latest News Mar 05, 2024 Home Price Gains Continued in December Mar 05, 2024 Single-Family Production Shows Signs of Stirring Across the Nation Mar 04, 2024 NAHB Announces Best of IBS Winners at International Builders’ Show Mar 04, 2024 Career Change to Construction Leads to Professional Success Mar 04, 2024 Local Code Officials Have Until March 8 to Apply For or Renew ICC Voting Privileges View all Become a Member Access exclusive member benefits to help you build a better business today. Join NAHB <p>In-depth economic analyses of the home building industry to help you gain insight into the issues and trends driving the industry.</p> Housing Economics Housing Economics In-depth economic analyses of the home building industry to help you gain insight into the issues and trends driving the industry. Learn more <p>NAHB offers numerous tools to state and local HBAs to help you grow your membership, enhance your services and stay connected within your community.</p> HBA Resources HBA Resources NAHB offers numerous tools to state and local HBAs to help you grow your membership, enhance your services and stay connected within your community. Learn more <p>Education topics include business management, multifamily housing and more.</p> Education Education Education topics include business management, multifamily housing and more. Learn more <p>NAHB fights for our members on Capitol Hill, in your state and in the communities where you do business.</p> Advocacy Advocacy NAHB fights for our members on Capitol Hill, in your state and in the communities where you do business. Learn more <p>Your local home builders association is your best resource to find a member, hire a local professional or join NAHB.</p> Find Your Local HBA Find Your Local HBA Your local home builders association is your best resource to find a member, hire a local professional or join NAHB. Learn more <p>NAHB members get the best information, advocacy, education and networking opportunities with their 3-in-1 membership.</p> Member Benefits Member Benefits NAHB members get the best information, advocacy, education and networking opportunities with their 3-in-1 membership. Learn more Events Mar 26-27 Washington, DC NAHB Orientation Jun 03-05 Washington, DC ProConnect - Powered by NAHB Jun 11-14 Washington, DC Spring Leadership Meeting and Legislative Conference Sep 09-13 NAHB Professional Women in Building Week Oct 01-03 2024 Fall Leadership Meeting View all Education Spotlight Live Online: Project Management Learn the tips and tricks that make a successful project manager who gets projects completed on budget and on time. Learn more <p>NAHB members construct about 80% of the new homes built each year.</p> Building Homes Building Homes NAHB members construct about 80% of the new homes built each year. About NAHB <p>NAHB represents more than 140,000 members who live and work in the communities they serve.</p> Enriching Communities Enriching Communities NAHB represents more than 140,000 members who live and work in the communities they serve. NAHB Community <p>NAHB strives to protect the American Dream of housing opportunities for all.</p> Changing Lives Changing Lives NAHB strives to protect the American Dream of housing opportunities for all. Advocacy NAHB About NAHB Diversity, Equity and Inclusion NAHB Pressroom Consumer Resources Log Homes Advertise Careers Privacy Policy Cookies Notice Related NAHB Sites International Builders’ Show BuilderBooks.com Home Builders Institute Home Innovation Research Labs International Housing Association National Housing Center National Housing Endowment Contact 1-800-368-5242 Email NAHB 1201 15th Street NW Washington, DC 20005 Connect with NAHB © 2024 National Association of Home Builders. All rights reserved.. The NAHB website uses cookies. We do this to provide a personalized experience, improve our content, and monitor the site performance. By clicking Accept you consent to NAHB’s use of cookies in accordance with its Privacy Policy. To learn more and control what cookies are used, go to Manage Cookies. ACCEPT