Get Firefox for desktop — Mozilla (US) Menu Download Firefox Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Get Mozilla VPN Firefox Browsers Close Firefox Browsers menu Firefox for Desktop Get the not-for-profit-backed browser on Windows, Mac or Linux. Firefox for Android Get the customizable mobile browser for Android smartphones. Firefox for iOS Get the mobile browser for your iPhone or iPad. Firefox Focus Simply private mobile browsing. Privacy Promise Learn how Firefox treats your data with respect. Firefox Blog Read about new Firefox features and ways to stay safe online. Release Notes Get the details on the latest Firefox updates. View all Firefox Browsers Products Close Products menu Mozilla Monitor See if your email has appeared in a company’s data breach. Facebook Container Help prevent Facebook from collecting your data outside their site. Pocket Save and discover the best stories from across the web. Mozilla VPN Get protection beyond your browser, on all your devices. Product Promise Learn how each Firefox product protects and respects your data. Firefox Relay Sign up for new accounts without handing over your email address. MDN Plus New features and tools for a customized MDN experience View all Products Who We Are Close Who We Are menu Mozilla Manifesto Learn about the values and principles that guide our mission. Mozilla Foundation Meet the not-for-profit behind Firefox that stands for a better web. Get involved Join the fight for a healthy internet. Stories Stories about how our people and products are changing the world for the better. Leadership Meet the team that’s building technology for a better internet. Careers Work for a mission-driven organization that makes people-first products. Mozilla Blog Learn about Mozilla and the issues that matter to us. More About Mozilla Innovation Close Innovation menu Firefox Developer Edition Get the Firefox browser built just for developers. MDN Web Docs Check out the home for web developer resources. Common Voice Donate your voice so the future of the web can hear everyone. Mozilla Innovation Projects Discover ways to bring bright ideas to life. Firefox for Desktop Features Support Add-ons All Languages Firefox Browser Get the browser that protects what’s important No shady privacy policies or back doors for advertisers. Just a lightning fast browser that doesn’t sell you out. Download Firefox Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Download options and other languages Firefox Browser support Latest Firefox features Pick up where you left off Firefox View lets you see your tabs open on other devices and recent history. Edit your PDFs directly Forget printing a PDF ever again. Start editing forms in Firefox directly. Browse knowing you’re protected Firefox’s Total cookie protection gives you outstanding privacy by default. See Release Notes Do what you do online. Firefox Browser isn’t watching. How Firefox compares to other browsers Get all the speed and tools with none of the invasions of privacy. Firefox Browser collects so little data about you, we don’t even require your email address to download. That’s because unlike other browsers, we have no financial stake in following you around the web. How we compare to other browsers Compare Firefox to:ChromeEdgeSafari Blocks third-party tracking cookies by default Autoplay blocking Blocks social trackers OS availability In-browser screenshot tool Primary password We block the ad trackers. You explore the internet faster. Ads are distracting and make web pages load slower while their trackers watch every move you make online. The Firefox Browser blocks most trackers automatically, so there’s no need to dig into your security settings. See your protection report Firefox is for everyone Available in over 90 languages, and compatible with Windows, Mac and Linux machines, Firefox works no matter what you’re using or where you are. Make sure your operating system is up to date for the best experience. Review system requirements Put Firefox on all your devices Take your privacy with you everywhere. Firefox Browsers for iOS and Android have the same strong privacy settings to block trackers from following you around the web, no matter where you are. Do it all with Firefox Search smarter, faster Search from address bar Search engine options Smart search suggestions Bookmark, history and open tab in results Boost your productivity Works with Google products Built-in screenshot tool Bookmarks manager Autosuggest URLs Sync across devices Reader mode Spell check Pinned Tabs Stream, share and play Block Autoplay of video & audio Picture-in-Picture Curated content on new tab Share links Protect your privacy Third Party Cookie Blocking Fingerprinter Blocking Cryptominer Blocking Private Browsing mode Individual protections report Secure your personal info Breached website alerts Built-in password manager Clear history Form autofill Automatic updates Customize your browser Themes Dark mode Library of extensions Adjust search bar settings Change new tab layout Download Firefox Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Make Firefox your own Extensions for every interest From security to news to gaming, there’s an extension for everyone. Add as many as you want until your browser is just right. Change up your look Go from light mode to dark mode depending on your mood or preference, or liven things up with a custom theme (rainbow unicorn, perhaps). Tweak your settings There’s no need to settle. Change up the new tab page, search bar, bookmarks and more to explore the internet the way you want. Backed by the non-profit that puts people first Challenging the status quo since 1998 Firefox was created by Mozilla as a faster, more private alternative to browsers like Internet Explorer, and now Chrome. Today, our mission-driven company and volunteer community continue to put your privacy above all else. Your privacy comes first As the internet grows and changes, Firefox continues to focus on your right to privacy — we call it the Personal Data Promise: Take less. Keep it safe. No secrets. Your data, your web activity, your life online is protected with Firefox. Keep all your favorite browser features — and discover new ones. Works with Google products All your favorite Google tools (like Gmail and Docs) work seamlessly in the Firefox Browser. Facebook Container Download this browser extension to stop Facebook (and Instagram) from tracking you around the web. Sync your devices Firefox is available on all your devices; take your tabs, history and bookmarks with you. All you need is a Mozilla account and you’ll get access to syncing and more Mozilla products. Screenshots Grab a high-resolution image of anything online with our screenshot tool built right in the browser Enhanced Tracking Protection (ETP) Firefox automatically blocks many third party trackers from collecting and selling your web activity. Picture-in-Picture From watching a web tutorial to keeping an eye on your favorite team, your video follows you while you multitask. Download Firefox Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Questions? Mozilla support has you covered. Firefox Browser Get Firefox Browser for Android Get Firefox Browser for iOS Download the Firefox mobile browser for automatic protection on all your devices. Learn about the Firefox desktop browser below You’ve already got the browser. Now get even more from Firefox. Watch for hackers with Mozilla Monitor, protect your email address with Firefox Relay, and more. Get More From Firefox Just Download The Browser Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Mozilla Company Mozilla Manifesto Press Center Corporate Blog Careers Contact Donate Resources Privacy Hub Browser Comparison Brand Standards Support Product Help File a Bug Localize Mozilla Developers Developer Edition Beta Beta for Android Nightly Nightly for Android Enterprise Tools Follow @Mozilla X (formerly Twitter) (@mozilla) Mastodon (@mozilla) Instagram (@mozilla) LinkedIn (@mozilla) TikTok (@mozilla) Spotify (@mozilla) Follow @Firefox X (formerly Twitter) (@firefox) Instagram (@firefox) YouTube (@firefoxchannel) Language Language aragonés عربي Беларуская Bosanski Català Maya Kaqchikel Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Dolnoserbšćina Ελληνικά English (Canadian) English (British) English Esperanto Español (de Argentina) Español (de Chile) Español (de España) Español (de México) Euskara suomi Français Frysk Galego Avañe'ẽ हिन्दी (भारत) Hrvatski Hornjoserbsce magyar Հայերեն Interlingua Bahasa Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Taqbaylit 한국어 Ligure Lietuvių मराठी Melayu Norsk bokmål Nederlands Norsk nynorsk ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (ਭਾਰਤ) Polski Português (do Brasil) Português (Europeu) rumantsch Română Русский Scots සිංහල slovenčina سرائیکی Slovenščina Shqip Српски Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська اُردو Tiếng Việt 中文 (简体) 正體中文 (繁體) Go Website Privacy Notice Cookies Legal Community Participation Guidelines About this site Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation. Portions of this content are ©1998–2024 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license. Close Get the latest Firefox browser. Download Firefox Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR 64-bit Download Firefox ESR 32-bit Download a different build Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download Firefox ESR Firefox Privacy Notice Meet Mozilla’s family of products Browsers Monitor Pocket Mozilla VPN Relay