Simply Recipes - Less Stress. More Joy Skip to Content button button Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Dessert Drinks Snacks & Appetizers Holidays & Seasonal Recipes Recipes by Diet Recipes by Method Recipes by Ingredients Recipes by Time & Ease Recipes by Cuisine View all Quick & Easy Quick Dinners Easy & Healthy Quick Vegetarian Easy Pastas Easy Chicken View all In the Kitchen Simply Curious A-Z Guide to Cooking Terms Recipe Collections Tips & Techniques Ingredient Guides View all Table Talk Most Recent News & Trends Voices Groceries Features View all Holidays & Seasons Winter Recipes Casserole Recipes Lent Recipes View all About us Sign up for a daily delivery of recipes, tips & stories! Email Address Sign up There was an error. Please try again. Search Search Close search Newsletter Email Address There was an error. Please try again. You are subscribed! KitchenAid Just Announced Its Newest Appliance and It's Genius KitchenAid's latest foray into the world of small appliances is a must for busy home cooks. It takes the guesswork out of cooking rice, beans, and other grains. GET THE RECIPE The Latest 15 Easy Sheet Pan Dinners for Spring The 30-Minute Ground Beef Dinner I Make All the Time 30 mins This $3.99 ALDI Sauce Is a Rao's Dupe (and Half the Price) The 20 Best Mac and Cheese Recipes Ever 14 Easy Baked Salmon Recipes My 3-Ingredient Mediterranean Marinade Is the Secret to Better Chicken 5 mins 5 Ways Food Editors Turn Frozen Dumplings Into the Best Dinner The One Ice Cream You'll Find In My Freezer Right Now It's Taco Time Easy Fish Tacos 21 mins Ratings Chicken Taco Casserole 55 mins Ratings Turkey Taco Bowls 13 mins The Simply Recipes Team Simply Recipes is a trusted resource for home cooks with more than 3,000 tested recipes, guides, and meal plans, drawing over 15 million readers each month from around the world. We’re supported by a group of recipe developers, food writers, recipe and product testers, photographers, and other creative professionals. Read More Kayla Hoang Contributing Writer Su-Jit Lin Contributing Writer Liz Tarpy Contributing Writer Geo Banks-Weston Contributing Writer Katie Morford Contributing Writer Molly Adams Contributing Writer Devan Grimsrud Contributing Writer Emily Weinberger Contributing Writer Julie & Amy Luxemberg Contributing Writer Sarah Crowder Art Director Groceries The One Trick That Saves Me a Bundle on Produce at Kroger I Buy This $7.19 ALDI Find Almost Every Week (It Feeds a Family of Four) The $2.79 Target Find My Family Is Obsessed With Ready for Spring Greens Green Goddess Deviled Eggs 30 mins Ratings Spring Lamb Stew Ratings Spring Vegetable Salad with Mint Pesto 30 mins Welcome to Greece Greek Pizza on the Grill 35 mins Spanakopita 70 mins Ratings Easy Greek Salad 15 mins Ratings Pastry Week Palmiers (Elephant Ears) 30 mins Ratings Strawberry Pop Tart Slab Pie 40 mins Ratings Baklava 65 mins Ratings Citrusy Cocktails Classic Paloma Cocktail 2 mins Cosmopolitan Cocktail 5 mins Sidecar Cocktail 5 mins Ratings Sign up for our weekly newsletters! Ready to cook? Email Address Sign up There was an error. Please try again. Let's be friends! Recipes Quick & Easy In the Kitchen Buying Guides Holidays & Seasons About Us Advertise Terms of Service Careers Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Simply Recipes is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family. Please review our updated Terms of Service.