Harvard Law Review Skip to main content Harvard Law Review Primary Menu Publications Print Forum Blog Explore Explore By Author Explore By Topic Explore By Volume & Issue Student Writing Notes Recent Cases & More Developments In The Law Supreme Court Forewords Case Comments Student Case Comments Crosswords Statistics & Visualizations Fellowship About Fellowship Essay Current & Past Fellows Apply About Writing Competition Organization & History Submit Search site Search for: Volume 137 Issue 4 February 2024 Contract Law Article Contract-Wrapped Property Abstract For nearly two centuries, the law has allowed servitudes that “run with” real property while with few exceptions refusing to permit servitudes attached to personal property. That is, owners of land can establish new, specific… Danielle D’Onfro Democracy Note Compulsory Voting’s American History Voter turnout was higher in the 2020 U.S. presidential election than it had been in 120 years. Nearly sixty-seven percent of citizens over eighteen voted that November, exceeding rates that hovered around sixty percent in the… Federal Courts Note Calling Balls and Strikes in Prisoner Litigation “A loose vocabulary,” John Chipman Gray once wrote, “is a fruitful mother of evils.” One of the loosest words in legal vocabulary is also one of its most commonly deployed: dictum. Dictum is slippery. As any… Remedies Note Voting Wrongs and Remedial Gaps Today, voting rights plaintiffs largely seek injunctive relief. This wasn’t always the case. For most of the nation’s history, the standard remedy for a voting wrong was damages. In the usual case, an election official would… Taxation Note Moore than Meets the I.R.C.? The Apportionment Rule’s Originalist Backstop for I.R.C. § 877A Renunciation of U.S. citizenship is no trivial act. For most, it requires leaving the country, appearing before a consular or diplomatic officer, signing an oath of renunciation, paying a $2,350 fee, and being named in the… Federal Courts Note Federal Questions and the Probate Exception From time to time, contests over decedents’ estates arrive in the federal courts. One such case began when a hotel magnate, dividing his empire among the children of his first and second marriages, appointed an executor… First Amendment Recent Case Speech First, Inc. v. Sands Fourth Circuit Upholds University Bias Response Team Policies. Major Questions Doctrine Recent Case North Carolina Coastal Fisheries Reform Group v. Capt. Gaston LLC Fourth Circuit Holds Bycatch Regulation Would Be Major Question. Election Law Recent Case In re 2021 Redistricting Cases Alaska Supreme Court Holds that Partisan Gerrymander Violates State Equal Protection Clause Based on Discriminatory Intent. Race and the Law Recent Complaint Complaint Under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Chica Project v. President & Fellows of Harvard College Community Groups Argue Harvard’s Legacy and Donor Admissions Policy Is Illegal Race Discrimination. Technology Recent Event Voluntary Commitments from Leading Artificial Intelligence Companies on July 21, 2023 Tech Companies Agree to Develop Mechanisms for Identifying AI-Generated Works. More Issues Volume 137 : 2023-24 Volume 136 : 2022-23 Volume 135 : 2021-22 Volume 134 : 2020-21 Volume 133 : 2019-20 Volume 132 : 2018-19 Volume 131 : 2017-18 Volume 130 : 2016-17 Volume 129 : 2015-16 Volume 128 : 2014-15 Volume 127 : 2013-14 Volume 126 : 2012-13 Volume 125 : 2011-12 Volume 124 : 2010-11 Volume 123 : 2009-10 Volume 122 : 2008-09 Volume 121 : 2007-08 Volume 120 : 2006-07 Issue 1 : November Issue 2 : December Issue 3 : January Issue 4 : February Go About the Harvard Law Review Founded in 1887, the Harvard Law Review is a student-run journal of legal scholarship. The Review is independent from the Harvard Law School and a board of student editors selected through an anonymous annual writing competition make all editorial decisions. The print Review and its online companion, the Forum, are published monthly from November through June. The Review, the Forum, and online Blog welcome submissions throughout the year. Submissions Subscriptions Fellowships Writing Competition The Bluebook® Forum Social Change Essay Voluntary Prosecution and the Case of Animal Rescue Justin Marceau Wayne Hsiung Steffen Seitz Immigration Law Essay Extrajudicial Segregation: Challenging Solitary Confinement in Immigration Prisons Felipe De Jesús Hernández Race and Law Response The Constitution of Difference Response to The Constitution of American Colonialism Guy-Uriel E. Charles Luis E. Fuentes-Rohwer Affirmative Action Response Thoughts on Law Clerk Diversity and Influence Response to Law Clerk Selection and Diversity: Insights from Fifty Sitting Judges of the Federal Courts of Appeals Todd C. Peppers Jurisprudence Response The Linguistic and Substantive Canons Response to The Incompatibility of Substantive Canons and Textualism Brian G. Slocum Kevin Tobia First Amendment Speech Response First Amendment Exemptions for Some Response to Rights of First Refusal Carlos A. Ball Affirmative Action Response The Need for an Asian American Supreme Court Justice Response to Roberts’s Revisions: A Narratological Reading of the Affirmative Action Cases Vinay Harpalani More from the Forum Blog Fourteenth Amendment Blog Essay The Fourteenth Amendment is Not a Bill of Attainder January 28, 2024 Henry Ishitani hlr Labor Law Blog Essay On Constructing a Stronger Right to Strike Through Comparative Labor Law January 4, 2024 David J. Doorey hlr A Note November 21, 2023 Harvard Law Review Housing Blog Essay The Role of Courts in Addressing the Homelessness Crisis October 23, 2023 Leena Dai hlr Congress Blog Essay The Speaker Pro Tempore’s Powers October 23, 2023 Justin Walker hlr Federal Courts Blog Essay Reversing Remands: Procedural Uncertainty in a President’s State Criminal Trials September 20, 2023 Nikolas Paladino hlr More from the Blog Explore Constitutional Law Criminal Law Abortion Fourteenth Amendment Family Law All Topics All Authors More from the Archives Articles Policing Article Transinstitutional Policing Sunita Patel Constitutional Law Article Dobbs and Democracy Melissa Murray Katherine Shaw Empirical Article Law Clerk Selection and Diversity: Insights from Fifty Sitting Judges of the Federal Courts of Appeals Jeremy D. Fogel Mary S. Hoopes Goodwin Liu Constitutional Law Article The Incompatibility of Substantive Canons and Textualism Benjamin Eidelson Matthew C. Stephenson More Articles Essays Housing Law Essay Interrogating Dominion: On Political Theology and Summary Process Eviction in Connecticut James Stevenson Ramsey Ku Klux Klan Act Essay The Anti-Klan Act in the Twenty-First Century William M. Carter Jr. More Essays Book Reviews Civil Rights Book Review Unshielded: How the Police Can Become Touchable Brandon Hasbrouck Indigenous Peoples Book Review Before Mine!: Indigenous Property Rights for Jagenagenon Angela R. Riley More Book Reviews Tributes Disability Law Tribute Remembering Judy Heumann Robyn M. Powell Disability Law Tribute Honoring Judy Heumann’s Legacy Michael Ashley Stein More Tributes Fellowships The Harvard Law Review Fellowship supports recent Harvard Law School graduates who seek to serve the public interest through their work and scholarship. Fellows spend a year working in a public interest role at a government agency or nonprofit organization and receive a $65,000 stipend. Fellows also to publish a piece of legal scholarship drawing on their work in the Harvard Law Review’s online Forum. Learn More Current & past fellows fellowship essays Recently Cited The student pieces featured below have been recently cited in judicial opinions and legal scholarship. Habeas Corpus Leading Case Shinn v. Ramirez Fourth Amendment Recent Case United States v. Tuggle 42 U.S.C. § 1983 Recent Case Freedom from Religion Foundation, Inc. v. Mack Federal Courts Recent Case United States v. Varner Federal Courts Leading Case Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski Standing Leading Case TransUnion v. Ramirez Torts Recent Case Haskins v. 3M Co. Consumer Law Recent Regulation Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans Alternative Dispute Resolution Recent Case Revitch v. DIRECTV, LLC Civil Rights Recent Case Wilson v. Houston Community College System Fourth Amendment Note Geofence Warrants and the Fourth Amendment Indian Law Leading Case McGirt v. Oklahoma Archives Print Forum Blog Subscribe Fellowship About Fellowship Essays Meet the Fellows Apply About Writing Competition Organization & History Submit Copyright © 1887-2024 Harvard Law Review. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility