Ninja Forms - Your Drag & Drop WordPress Form Builder Toggle navigation Pricing Add-Ons Reviews Get Help Documentation Support Contact Us Learn The Drag and Drop WordPress Form Builder Get Ninja Forms Now! Over 30,000,000 downloads! Form building simplified. Beautiful, user friendly WordPress forms that will make you feel like a professional web developer. 100% Beginner Friendly Not a tech person? No problem. No coding skills required. You can design beautiful, complex forms like a pro with a dedicated support team at your back. Build Beautiful WordPress Forms Without Being a Designer Drag and drop fields. Easy row and column layouts. Multi-page forms. Conditional forms. You don't have to be a designer to create forms that will blend beautifully with your WordPress website. I need to Get Ninja Forms Now Advanced Features You Won't Need a Developer to Build Let users upload files. Send or export submissions as PDFs, Excel files, even Google Sheets. Send email from any form to just the people that need it. You don't need to be (or hire!) a developer. Accept Payments and Donations You can accept PayPal and credit card payments securely and easily from any of your WordPress forms. Single payments or subscriptions, fixed, variable, or user entered amounts. Give your customers or donors all the options, or just one! Start Building Beautiful WordPress Forms in Minutes, not Hours! Get Ninja Forms Now You Can Get More From Your Signup and Lead Generation Forms! Experience the difference a fully customizable signup or lead generation form will make for your business. Grow your mailing lists and bring in new leads like never before. Complete integration with MailChimp, Constant Contact, Campaign Monitor, Salesforce, Zoho, Insightly, and more! If You Can Dream It, We'll Do Our Best to Help You Build It There's so many more ways to use a WordPress form than we can pack into a page. Really need something that you're not sure you can do with Ninja Forms? Ask us, or check out our full feature list! I need to Get Ninja Forms Now See what our customers are saying about Ninja Forms Best Form Out There This plugin offers the best form available. I spent an entire day searching for a contact form I could use without having to pay to make the simple set up work – but did have a feature rich upgrade. I finally found Ninja Forms and have been EXTREMELY satisfied. I also contacted help on two occasions. The first time, I received a response within 30 minutes. The second time, on a weekend, I sent a question in the afternoon and received a response the same evening. Five Stars, Two Thumbs Up – Simply AWESOME! klipklopp Denny Müller Years ago, I used some other well known contact form plugins. Today I tried Ninja Form and must say, this is the best of all. Very good setup, JS & CSS loads only on pages where the forms are, very easy customizable, good styling via CSS possible and the backend pages are very clean. Denny Müller Great plugin, lots of options I really like the Ninja Forms plugin. Especially since the API is so open and pretty easy to understand. I needed to build forms throughout a course that my users could go back and change their answers. I was able to do that with the add-on “Save Progress”. I removed the “submit” button and every time a user is logged in and views the form, the form is populated with their answers. It was pretty easy to setup, and I’m really happy with the results. Joseph Hinson georgeinmexico I have used Ninja forms for several years, and I am just now learning that Ninja forms can pre-fill a form with user data already saved in someone’s WordPress profile. That way, if I want to have a field for a user to type their email address, I can pre-fill it with the email I have saved for them, but give them the option to change it. Ninja Forms can also accept query strings from a URL, which means that if you are using it to gather leads from an ad campaign, you can program it to record what keyword people searched on google before filling out your form. Thank you for giving me so much value for free georgeinmexico (@georgeinmexico) EXCELLENT! I have tried many others and Ninja Forms is by far the best as it is easy to implement and has all the features (and then some) that we need to create high quality / great looking email forms that also let us track our AdWords conversions!!! Also I received excellent support when asking for a feature request after I discovered our forms need to be sending via SMTP and they already have suggested solution … again easy and free! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Robert_ITman Great product. Great support too I have been using Ninja forms for years now and lately I have experienced a problem. I contacted the support fearing to have to wait for days… But this support team is a great one: a human welcome, a real concern for my problem, a will to help (although my problem was specific), and the skills to succeed. Thank you everybody! aloha123 TRUSTED BY SOME OF THE WORLD'S MOST RESPECTED ORGANIZATIONS PRODUCT INFO Pricing Add-Ons Testimonials Blog Download Our Newsletter ABOUT About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Partners MAKE MONEY Developer Tools Become an Affiliate SUPPORT Documentation Contact Us Your Account Chris LemaWhen it comes to creating a form that you can use for your contact form, you’ve likely found a lot of options. There are a lot of form plugins out there. But that’s not why I’m writing this review. Because I don’t create a lot of simple forms that simply collect three pieces of information. The projects I’ve worked on require more. And that’s where Ninja Forms stands out. Every other form plugin integrates with MailChimp. But when I need integration with other mail providers like ConvertKit, not everyone has an extension for it. Extensions take time to create, and more importantly, expense to maintain. Ninja Forms has more than just one extension, they have tons. To connect Ninja Forms to just about anything. And that’s where the real power comes in. Take for example the need to create an integration between Recurly for subscription pricing, and a WordPress site – which I had to do. Could I have written a lot of code to connect the dots? Sure. But I didn’t need to. They have an extension for Recurly that made it a series of clicks. Did I mention their support? When I found a bug in one of their extensions, they replied back in hours and released a new version the next day with a patch. I can’t say enough good things about the team and the product.Chris Lemachrislema.com We trust our business with these strategic partners. Copyright © 2011-2023 Search