Obyte — a fully decentralized, DAG based crypto. To continue, open this page in system default browser ("Open in Safari") by clicking in the upper right corner of this screen. You received money! Click the button below to open or install Obyte (Byteball) app on your device and claim your funds. Download and install Obyte (Byteball) Wallet first, then Click the button below to open app on your device and claim your funds. Receive funds If the button doesn't work, install Obyte (Byteball) Wallet, navigate to Receive → Claim funds using textcoin and paste the following string: Applications Platform Autonomous Agents Smart Contracts Self-Sovereign Identity Payment Channels Oracles Tokens Blackbytes Textcoins Prosaic Contracts Chatbots IoT Technology Order Providers Developers FAQ Contact Download wallet The future is decentralized Be there with Obyte Obyte is a neutral space for storing and moving value. It has no owners, like the air around us. It is decentralized, free of domination, free of censorship, and accessible to all. ”We are creating a world that all may enter without privilege or prejudice accorded by race, economic power, military force, or station of birth. We are creating a world where anyone, anywhere may express his or her beliefs, no matter how singular, without fear of being coerced into silence or conformity.“ John Perry Barlow A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace Obyte is a DAG based cryptocurrency network. DAG stands for Directed Acyclic Graph — it’s a technology that makes Obyte fully decentralized, free of domination, free of censorship, and accessible to all. It's not a blockchain. Blockchains were a big step to decentralization. However, they fall short of full decentralization as their block producers are still big power centers. A small number of them control most block production and can collude to (or be coerced to) censor certain transactions. Obyte makes another leap forward by getting rid of those big power centers and middlemen. ”Whenever something is wrong, something is too big“ Leopold Kohr The Breakdown of Nations Full centralization Domination of one Blockchain Domination of few DAG No domination We use technology to assert individual freedoms “Cypherpunks write code.” Eric Hughes A Cypherpunk's Manifesto We design systems that minimize concentration / domination / centralization of power and advance the autonomy of the individual. We created Obyte to fulfill this vision. We chose DAG for Obyte because users add their transactions to the DAG directly, without any middlemen such as block producers in blockchains. We started in 2016 and decentralized the network even further since then. Evolution of ledgers Replay 1 In centralized ledgers, there is a single gatekeeper who decides which transactions get into the ledger Evolution of ledgers Replay 2 In blockchains, there are a few gatekeepers — miners — who decide what gets into the ledger Evolution of ledgers Replay 3 In DAG, there are no gatekeepers at all, users add their transactions directly An independent individual is at the center of the decentralized world Fully decentralized, resistant to anyone’s control technologies like Obyte help achieve true independence of the individual, as well as true independence of the Cyberspace: “You [governments] have no moral right to rule us nor do you possess any methods of enforcement we have true reason to fear.” John Perry Barlow A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace And as technology is growing up from building gadgets to building societies, big changes lie ahead. “Just as the technology of printing altered and reduced the power of medieval guilds and the social power structure, so too will cryptologic methods fundamentally alter the nature of corporations and of government interference in economic transactions.” Timothy C. May The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto Timeline Sep 2016 Founder Tony Churyumoff announces Obyte Dec 2016 Network launched on Christmas Day Mar 2017 Conditional payments Apr 2017 P2P prediction markets Apr 2017 P2P insurance Jun 2017 Bot Store Jun 2017 Grants program Jul 2017 Flight delay insurance bot Aug 2017 Two Blackbytes exchanges by independent developers Sep 2017 First cashback merchants Oct 2017 Manual oracles Nov 2017 ICO bot Dec 2017 Textcoins Jan 2018 Self-sovereign identity Mar 2018 Email attestations Apr 2018 First fiat on-ramp Apr 2018 World Community Grid distribution May 2018 First Use-a-Thon in Venezuela Jun 2018 Private textcoins Jul 2018 Steem attestation and airdrop Aug 2018 Sending money to @username Sep 2018 IoT demos in Bosch Connectory in Stuttgart Oct 2018 First independent order provider Rogier Eijkelhof Dec 2018 developer.obyte.org Jan 2019 Byteball is now Obyte Jan 2019 First independently developed web wallet Mar 2019 Obyte Foundation established Apr 2019 New ID verification methods for Baltic countries Apr 2019 Prosaic contracts Jun 2019 Second independent order provider Fabien Marino Jul 2019 Autonomous Agents launched on testnet Dec 2019 Third independent order provider Bosch Connectory Feb 2020 Fourth independent order provider PolloPollo Feb 2020 Autonomous Agents activated on mainnet Apr 2020 5th independent order provider Bind Creative Apr 2020 Discount stablecoins Apr 2020 ODEX decentralized exchange May 2020 6th independent order provider CryptoShare Jul 2020 Decentralized token registry Jul 2020 Full Decentralization: 7th independent order provider University of Nicosia Sep 2020 Bonded stablecoins Oct 2020 Liquidity mining Nov 2020 Referral Program for Bonded stablecoins Jan 2021 Trading Rewards on Bittrex and BitZ Apr 2021 Bonded stablecoins v2 Jul 2021 Counterstake bridge for cross-chain transfers Jan 2022 Kivach — cascading donations for Github Feb 2022 Oswap v2: leveraged trading and more income for LPs Mar 2022 Counterstake audit completed Aug 2022 Prophet — prediction markets based on bonding curves Feb 2023 OSWAP token — governance and reward token for Oswap Jun 2023 ArbStore — decentralized escrow with arbitration Aug 2023 Partnership with Kava and price-protected LINE token Jan 2024 Pythagorean perpetual futures Feb 2024 GBYTE listed on NonKYC exchange Download your Obyte (Byteball) wallet Download for Windows 64bit Download for macOS (Intel based) Download for macOS (M1/M2 processors) Download for Linux 64bit GitHub releases View public transactions on the official DAG explorer or obyte.io. Unofficial web wallet (partial functionality): 404monster.obytechina.org. Team The Obyte team has built a number of truly unique, first-of-a-kind apps and features, mostly in the DeFi space. You can learn more about them on this website and in our blog. Tony Churyumoff Founder and Lead Developer Steve Safronoff Partner relations Luke Angell Events and Partnerships Manager Casper Niebe User Acquisition Manager Mikhail Pustovalov Developer Evgeniy Stulnikov Developer Artem Nagorny Developer Tarmo Developer Papabyte Developer Vladimir Glushkov Developer Igor Pavlenko Developer Artem Valyakin Developer Alexey Gerasimov Frontend Developer Alexander Ponomarev Developer Travin Keith Advisor John McLeod PR Fabiola Sandoval Marketing Yaroslav Kozhukhov Community manager Show all Show less GBYTE Exchanges You can buy or sell GBYTE (the native currency of Obyte) on the following cryptocurrency exchanges: To buy or sell blackbytes, use Blackbytes.io or exchange peer-to-peer using bound (conditional) payments with other users from our Discord community. Product Download Obyte Where to use Obyte Technology Order Providers Developers Testnet FAQ Grants Explorer Blog Wiki White Paper GitHub Platform Obyte Platform Autonomous Agents Smart contracts Identity Payment channels Oracles Tokens Blackbytes Textcoins Prosaic contracts Chatbots IoT IoT PoCs About Events Careers Distribution World Community Grid Resources Community projects DAG vs Blockchain Obyte for business Merchants Stats Contact Legal Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace Cypherpunk's Manifesto Crypto Anarchist Manifesto Obyte Foundation Terms Privacy Subscribe Loading... Subscribe Loading... Thank you! You have successfully joined our subscriber list. © 2016-2024 Obyte. All Rights Reserved. Applications Platform Autonomous Agents Smart Contracts Self-Sovereign Identity Payment Channels Oracles Tokens Blackbytes Textcoins Prosaic Contracts Chatbots IoT Technology Order Providers Developers FAQ Contact Download wallet Blog GitHub Contact © 2024 Obyte. All Rights Reserved Back English العربية Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Русский Français Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands 中文