vcita: Small Business Management Software & App Why vcita WHY VCITA Manage clients Gain & retain clients through amazing experiences Get paid Get your money in the bank on time, every time Master your time Make your workdays productive and organized Market like a pro Create campaigns that impact your bottom line Industries Healthcare Therapists, mental health, clinics, integrative medicine Home services Home improvement, landscaping & cleaning Business services Coaches & consultants, legal & financial services Fitness Trainers, studios, gyms, wellness & fitness Education Teachers & tutors, schools, courses & classes Other industries Beauty, design, pet care, entertainment and more inTandemfor partnersCustomerstories Features Features Client management Store & organize client info & communication Payment collection Choose how to get your hard earned money in the bank Scheduling and calendar Help your team make the most of every workday Marketing Nurture & engage leads and clients with easy campaigns Client portal Invite clients to book, pay & contact anytime anywhere Lead capturing Turn website visitors into paying clients App market Power your business with apps and integrations BizAI Boost your business efficiency with AI inTandemfor partnersCustomerstories Partners Pricing Resources Resources Help center Discover tips and guides to all things vcita Blog Industry trends, product updates and insights Webinars On-demand videos to help grow your business About us Discover the stories & people behind vcita Careers Check out our open positions & join the team Press vcita in the news, media coverage, and all that jazz inTandemfor partnersCustomerstories Go to dashboard Schedule a demo Sign up Login Sign up For small businesses Run & grow your business on a single app Start a free trial For companies serving SMBs Expand your offering with our modular platform Partner with us Trusted by 100,000+ small businesses worldwide Small business management software A complete and easy-to-use app to manage your entire business Gain & retain clients through amazing experiences Stay up to date on your client’s activity and understand your clients’ needs. Make better decisions on how to personalize your engagement with them and offer the ultimate client experience. Intuitive CRM Lead capturing Online document management Two-way texting I want to gain more clients Get paid on time, your way Send estimates & branded invoices, charge credit cards and receive payments online in just a few clicks. Streamline and automate your payment collection process and never chase your money again. Online & mobile payments Credit card processing Signable estimates & invoicing Payment automation Show me how to get paid Save time, and make the most of it Enjoy more organized and productive workdays with a powerful business calendar. Keep your calendar full and automate your most time-consuming tasks with self-service booking and automatic appointment reminders. Online scheduling Business calendar Team calendar Automated reminders I want to be more efficient Effortless marketing, impactful results Create amazing customer experiences and grow your bottom line while you’re at it. Send out targeted and branded email & SMS campaigns like a pro, offering coupons, nurturing your clients and generating repeat business. Email/SMS marketing templates Automated campaigns Marketing coupons and promotions Lead capturing and nurturing Supercharge my marketing Keep your business lights on 24/7 Allow your clients to book, pay, contact you or take any other action online, independently and securely. Be available 24/7 with a branded self-service client portal. Getting booked and paid has never been easier! Secure client login Accessible from any device Fully branded and customizable Personalized client dashboard I want my business lights on Get inspired by other business owners See how vcita’s small business management software helps these businesses in their day-to-day operations. Janay A. Eco Bridal Patrick Osei Hot Money Studios Ofelia Sierra The Muscle Relaxers See more stories Manage your entire business on the go Get the vcita app and manage your business from anywhere and on any device. We play nicely with: An award-winning solution that business owners love Better work days start here Curious what vcita’s small business management software can do for your business? Talk to our experts. Show me how it works Solutions Scheduling software Billing and invoicing software Online credit card processing Client management software Client portal software CRM software Lead capture software Marketing software Company About us Jobs In the news Terms of service Privacy policy Security and compliance Report abuse Contact us Partners inTandem Xperts Developers Community and support Help center Blog Facebook group Customer stories Business templates vcita alternatives English Français Español Copyright 2024 vcita Inc. All rights reserved.