Starcasm Menu TOP CATEGORIES Sister Wives 90 Day Fiance Love After Lockup True Crime Below Deck Welcome To Plathville Seeking Sister Wife Movies My 600-lb Life Unexpected Teen Mom 2 Before the 90 Days Real Estate Social Media About Us, Contact Privacy Policy True Crime Movies Reality TV Sister Wives Welcome To Plathville 90 Day Fiance Before the 90 Days Unexpected My 600-lb Life Seeking Sister Wife Nailah wrote a book about being bipolar and having gastroparesis Asa Hawks March 4, 2024 Nailah Davis, Seeking Sister Wife Seeking Sister Wife Season 5 introduces viewers to Naeem Salahuddin and his wife Nailah Salahuddin as the couple shares their story of looking for another marital partner with TLC viewers. One of the Salahuddins is no stranger to sharing his or her life publicly, and it had nothing to do with polygamy! Read More... SISTERS WIVES Janelle Brown suffers second cancer scare Ashley Marie March 4, 2024 Janelle Brown, Sister Wives Janelle Brown from TLC’s Sister Wives had a major health scare after COVID and just recently detailed a second close call with basal cell carcinoma. See Kody Brown’s ex-wife explain why it’s important to get yourself checked for skin cancer and see the gruesome photos here… Read More... 90 Day Fiancé Citra is pregnant! What’s her due date? When did she conceive? Do they know if it’s a boy or a girl? Asa Hawks March 4, 2024 90 Day Fiance, Sam Wilson 90 Day Fiancé couple Citra and Sam Wilson confirmed rumors that have been swirling for a couple weeks when they announced on the Couples Tell All special that Citra is currently pregnant! After the episode aired, Citra shared LOTS of details about the pregnancy, including a timeline for when she conceived, when she found out, and when she’s due! Read More... 16 & PREGNANT Selena’s ex Sean Garinger dies in ATV accident Asa Hawks March 1, 2024 16 and Pregnant, Selena Gutierrez We have some very sad news to report for fans of 16 and Pregnant. Season 7 dad Sean Garinger, who was the father of Selena Gutierrez’s daughters Dareli and Esmi, has passed away. Read More... SUMMER HOUSE Is West Wilson sexy? Ashley Marie March 1, 2024 Summer House West Wilson, the season 8 newbie on Summer House, has social media, and Ciara Miller, buzzing. Is this short king the new Sexiest Man of the Hamptons? Find out more about Wilson here, like how he was honored for his Style & Swag in a local newspaper… Read More... LOVE AFTER LOCKUP Kristianna Miller arrested again Asa Hawks February 29, 2024 Kristianna Roth, Love After Lockup We have some unfortunate news to report for Love After Lockup fans. Kristianna Miller, who was the “Bonnie” inmate who married her “Clyde” John Miller in the back of a pickup truck in Season 4, is back in jail in Iowa. Read More... Jill Duggar, Derick Dillard shared secret intimate moments before marriage Ashley Marie February 29, 2024 19 Kids and Counting, Derick Dillard, Jill Duggar Jill Duggar spills the tea in her memoir Counting the Cost and recently shared an excerpt revealing a major 19 Kids and Counting moment with her now-husband Derick Dillard was faked for cameras – the pair actually spent several intimate moments getting to know each other after fans thought they said goodbye. Read the story of how her courtship with Derick was nothing like we believe in Jill’s own words here… Read More... Real Housewives of Salt Lake City season 5 first cast trip revealed Ashley Marie February 29, 2024 Real Housewives of Salt Lake City The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City season 5’s first cast trip has been revealed! The core 4, along with Angie Katsanevas and a couple of newbies are headed to… Milwaukee?? See what the stars of Bravo’s RHOSLC were doing in Wisconsin, and what you can expect from their new season, filming now… Read More... LOVE IS BLIND Johnie Maraist is dating a man who applied to be on her season of the show Starcasm Staff February 28, 2024 Johnie Maraist, Love is Blind 32-year-old Houston lawyer Johnie Maraist was part of a love triangle on Season 5 of Love is Blind. All of her love connections fell through, but now she’s found love with a man who applied to be on the show for her season. Read More... WHO TF DID I MARRY? Why Reesa Teesa and Legion quarantined together, and did he really pay her bills? Starcasm Staff February 28, 2024 Jerome McCoy, Reesa Teesa, Tik Tok, TikTok, Who TF Did I Marry? After their first date on March 7, 2020, things continued to go well for Reesa Teesa and Legion, according to Reesa. For the next two and a half weeks they continued to talk and they went out again at Red Lobster. Because this was at the beginning of the COVID pandemic, they had to think about what they were going to do during quarantine. Read More... 90 DAY FIANCÉ Sam Wilson arrest details, cocaine possession charge explained Asa Hawks February 27, 2024 90 Day Fiance, Sam Wilson Starcasm was first to share information on the arrest of 90 Day Fiancé Season 10 star Samuel Wilson. After two months of inquiries and requests, we can finally reveal additional details about Sam’s arrest — including why he was initially charged with cocaine possession. Read More... Seeking Sister Wife Sophie Winder gives birth to daughter Felicity Asa Hawks February 27, 2024 Colton Winder, Seeking Sister Wife Starcasm would like to send out a HUGE congratulations to the Winder Family from Seeking Sister Wife as they just welcomed a brand new addition to their growing family! And no, it wasn’t a new sister wife. Read More... Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 6 … 2,696 Next starcasm.net Copyright © 2024. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie SettingsAcceptManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT