Death Penalty Information Center | Death Penalty Information Center Close Search Search for: Search Menu Search About Staff & Board of Directors About Us DPIC in the Media DPIC Testimony Press Releases Work for DPIC For the Media Resources Publications & Testimony Related Websites DPIC Podcasts DPIC Reports New Voices En Español For Educators High School Curriculum Teacher's Guide College Curriculum Fact Sheet Donate Email Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Home Policy Issues Arbitrariness Costs Deterrence Human Rights Innocence Intellectual Disability International Juveniles Mental Illness Prosecutorial Accountability Race Representation Sentencing Alternatives Victims' Families Facts & Research Fact Sheet Death Penalty Census Clemency Crimes Punishable by Death DPIC Reports History of the Death Penalty Innocence Database Murder Rates Public Opinion Recent Legislative Activity Religion Sentencing Data Student Research Center United States Supreme Court Executions Executions Overview Upcoming Executions Execution Database Methods of Execution Botched Executions Lethal Injection Death Row Death Row Overview Conditions on Death Row Foreign Nationals Native Americans Time on Death Row Women State & Federal Info State by State Federal Death Penalty Military Home Policy Issues Arbitrariness Costs Deterrence Human Rights Innocence Intellectual Disability International Juveniles Mental Illness Prosecutorial Accountability Race Representation Sentencing Alternatives Victims' Families Facts & Research Fact Sheet Death Penalty Census Clemency Crimes Punishable by Death DPIC Reports History of the Death Penalty Innocence Database Murder Rates Public Opinion Recent Legislative Activity Religion Sentencing Data Student Research Center United States Supreme Court Executions Executions Overview Upcoming Executions Execution Database Methods of Execution Botched Executions Lethal Injection Death Row Death Row Overview Conditions on Death Row Foreign Nationals Native Americans Time on Death Row Women State & Federal Info State by State Federal Death Penalty Military About Staff & Board of Directors About Us DPIC in the Media DPIC Testimony Press Releases Work for DPIC For the Media Resources Publications & Testimony Related Websites DPIC Podcasts DPIC Reports New Voices En Español For Educators High School Curriculum Teacher's Guide College Curriculum Fact Sheet Donate DPIC REPORTS Dec 01, 2023 The Death Penalty in 2023: Year End Report Only 5 states car­ried out exe­cu­tions and 7 states imposed new death sen­tences in 2023, as more Americans say the death penal­ty is applied unfair­ly, rather than fairly. READ MORE DPIC REPORTS Dec 16, 2020 DPIC Report — Compromised Justice: How A Legacy of Racial Violence Informs Missouri’s Death Penalty Today Missouri is one of a hand­ful of states that has con­sis­tent­ly exe­cut­ed peo­ple in the last five years. Understanding the his­tor­i­cal appli­ca­tion of the death penal­ty in Missouri helps our under­stand­ing of how cap­i­tal pun­ish­ment is used today. READ MORE DEATH PENALTY CENSUS Oct 19, 2023 New Resource: Updated Death Penalty Census DPIC’s data­base of more than 9,800 death sen­tences imposed between the Supreme Court rul­ing strik­ing down U.S. death penal­ty laws in 1972 and January 1, 2022 details the sys­temic arbi­trari­ness, bias, and error of the mod­ern U.S. death penalty. READ MORE DPIC REPORTS Jun 22, 2023 DPIC Report — Doomed to Repeat: The Legacy of Race in Tennessee’s Contemporary Death Penalty The his­tor­i­cal use of cap­i­tal pun­ish­ment in Tennessee shows a clear con­nec­tion between the extra­ju­di­cial lynch­ings of the 1800s and 1900s and the state sanc­tioned death penal­ty prac­tices of today. READ MORE PROSECUTORIAL ACCOUNTABILITY Jun 30, 2022 DPIC Analysis Finds Prosecutorial Misconduct Implicated in More than 550 Death Penalty Reversals or Exonerations A DPIC review of death sen­tences imposed and over­turned in the United States since 1972 has found more than 550 pros­e­cu­to­r­i­al mis­con­duct rever­sals and exon­er­a­tions, more than 5.6% of all death sen­tences imposed in the U.S. in the past half-century. READ MORE ❮ 1 2 3 4 5 ❯ News & Developments Recent Legislative Activity Mar 05, 2024 Oklahoma Execution Moratorium Bill Unanimously Passes Committee and Makes Its Way to the State-House Floor On February 28, 2023, the Oklahoma House Criminal Justice and Corrections Committee unan­i­mous­ly passed a bill that would pause all pend­ing exe­cu­tions and pro­hib­it new death sen­tences while an inde­pen­dent task force reviews cur­rent Oklahoma death penal­ty pro­ce­dures. House Bill 3138, also known as the Death Penalty Moratorium Act, was intro­duced by Republican Representative Kevin McDugle and would cre­ate a five-mem­ber Death Penalty Reform Task Force to ​“study and report on the progress of imple­ment­ing reforms to the use of the death penal­ty in this state.” The task force would… Read More Innocence Mar 01, 2024 Death-Sentenced Philadelphia Prisoner Daniel Gwynn Exonerated After Nearly 30 Years On February 27, 2024, Common Pleas Court Judge Barbara A. McDermott approved a motion from the Philadelphia District Attorney’s Office to dis­miss first-degree mur­der, arson, and aggra­vat­ed assault charges against 54-year-old death-sen­tenced pris­on­er Daniel Gwynn. Mr. Gwynn is the 197th per­son exon­er­at­ed after being sen­tenced to death since 1973, accord­ing to DPIC’s Innocence Database. ​“Today is most­ly for us a day of tremen­dous relief and sad­ness, a guy like him, an inno­cent soul spent that amount of time wait­ing for his exe­cu­tion lan­guish­ing in jail,” said Mr. Gwynn’s defense attorney… Read More Methods of Execution Feb 29, 2024 Idaho Halts First Lethal Injection Execution in 12 Years After Failure to Establish I.V. Lines Thomas Creech’s February 28 exe­cu­tion was halt­ed after the Idaho Department of Correction exe­cu­tion team was unable to set an intra­venous line after an hour of repeat­ed attempts. Mr. Creech remained strapped to the gur­ney and con­scious while unsuc­cess­ful attempts were made to access veins in both arms and legs. Officials did not dis­close why the exe­cu­tion team was unable to estab­lish an IV line, but the train­ing and qual­i­fi­ca­tions of staff, as well as the acces­si­bil­i­ty and qual­i­ty of Mr. Creech’s veins, could have been fac­tors. Mr. Creech’s attorneys… Read More Race Feb 29, 2024 Black History Month Profile Series: Elaine Jones This month, DPIC cel­e­brates Black History Month with week­ly pro­files of notable Black Americans whose work affect­ed the mod­ern death penal­ty era. The fourth and final entry in this series is lawyer and civ­il rights activist Elaine Jones, for­mer pres­i­dent and direc­tor-coun­sel of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund and coun­sel of record in Furman v. Georgia. Read More Race Feb 28, 2024 New Report from Texas Defender Service Examines Ongoing Racial Disparities in Harris County Death Penalty Practices and Recommends Reforms A new report from the Texas Defender Service (TDS) titled ​“Arbitrary and Capricious: Examining Racial Disparities in Harris County’s Pursuit of Death Sentences” was pub­lished on February 22, 2024 and is the lat­est in series of TDS reports on use of the death penal­ty in Texas. The report focus­es on Harris County’s out­lier death penal­ty prac­tices, both with­in the state and nation­al­ly. While more than half of the 254 coun­ties in Texas have nev­er imposed a death sen­tence, Harris County is respon­si­ble for most of the state’s cur­rent death row… Read More Race Feb 27, 2024 States’ Failure to Collect Juror Race Information Contributes to ​“Whitewashed” Jury Box, Berkeley Law Report Finds A new report from Berkeley Law’s Death Penalty Clinic finds that just 19 states col­lect race and eth­nic­i­ty infor­ma­tion from prospec­tive jurors, mean­ing that a major­i­ty of states can­not ensure that their juries are a ​“rep­re­sen­ta­tive cross-sec­tion of the com­mu­ni­ty” as man­dat­ed by the Constitution. The report, Guess Who’s Coming to Jury Duty?, rec­om­mends that all states ​“adopt a uni­form ques­tion­naire” to obtain prospec­tive jurors’ race or eth­nic­i­ty and that state courts annu­al­ly pub­lish ​“aggre­gat­ed, anonymized race/​ethnicity data” for lit­i­gants and researchers inves­ti­gat­ing jury com­po­si­tion. The work builds on the… Read More Race Feb 26, 2024 North Carolina Trial Court Will Hear New Evidence of Racial Bias in Death Row Prisoner’s Racial Justice Act Claim Beginning February 28, 2024, a Johnston County, North Carolina, tri­al court will hear death row pris­on­er Hasson Bacote’s claims that racial dis­crim­i­na­tion in jury selec­tion played a role in his cap­i­tal sen­tenc­ing. In 2009, North Carolina passed the Racial Justice Act (RJA), which allowed death-sen­tenced pris­on­ers to chal­lenge their sen­tences if they could demon­strate that race played a role in their sen­tenc­ing and jury selec­tion. Sentenced to death in 2009 by a near­ly all-white jury, Mr. Bacote, and near­ly all oth­er death row pris­on­ers in the state, filed a claim… Read More Innocence Feb 23, 2024 Black History Month Profile Series: Craig Watkins This month, DPIC cel­e­brates Black History Month with week­ly pro­files of notable Black Americans whose work affect­ed the mod­ern death penal­ty era. The third in this series is for­mer Dallas County District Attorney Craig Watkins, who died on December 12, 2023. Read More Prosecutorial Accountability Feb 22, 2024 Texas Prisoner Faces Execution Despite Doubts About His Guilt and Refusal of Courts to Assess New Evidence Ivan Cantu is sched­uled to be exe­cut­ed on February 28, 2024, although Texas courts have refused to con­sid­er new evi­dence in his case that may prove he was wrong­ful­ly con­vict­ed. Mr. Cantu was sen­tenced to death in Collin County for the mur­der of his cousin and his cousin’s fiancée in November 2000. Texas sched­uled an exe­cu­tion date for Mr. Cantu in April 2023, but a last-minute appeal describ­ing new evi­dence of false wit­ness tes­ti­mo­ny pro­vid­ed grounds for a stay of exe­cu­tion. However, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals (TCCA) overturned… Read More Innocence Feb 21, 2024 City of Tampa Agrees to Pay Exoneree Robert DuBoise $14 Million in Wrongful Conviction Settlement Florida death-row exoneree Robert DuBoise (pic­tured) will receive $14 mil­lion from the city of Tampa as com­pen­sa­tion for the 37 years he was incar­cer­at­ed for a rape and mur­der he did not com­mit. On February 15, 2024, the Tampa City Council unan­i­mous­ly vot­ed to approve the set­tle­ment. The set­tle­ment resolved a 2021 suit Mr. DuBoise filed against the City of Tampa, four Tampa police offi­cers, and the foren­sic odon­tol­o­gist who tes­ti­fied against him. The suit alleged that the offi­cers and odon­tol­o­gist con­spired to present fab­ri­cat­ed evi­dence against Mr. DuBoise and… Read More View More News Feb 20, 2024 Op-Ed: Law Professor Stephen Bright Encourages SCOTUS to Review ​“Egregious Racial Discrimination” in Georgia Death Row Prisoner’s Case News Feb 15, 2024 Discussions with DPIC Podcast: Shedding Light on Underreported Stories of Incarceration and Death Row — con­ver­sa­tion with Keri Blakinger Podcasts Feb 15, 2024 Shedding Light on Underreported Stories of Incarceration and Death Row — con­ver­sa­tion with Keri Blakinger Website Guide An introduction to the navigation system, features, and terminology of DPIC's website. Upcoming Executions Information about scheduled executions around the country Innocence For every 8.2 peo­ple exe­cut­ed in the Unit­ed States in the mod­ern era of the death penal­ty, one per­son on death row has been exon­er­at­ed. State-By-State States With and Without the Death Penalty DPIC Fact Sheet PDF handout with facts about the Death Penalty More Information Innocence DatabaseExecution DatabaseDeath Penalty Census Database DPIC In-Depth Reports Behind the Curtain: Secrecy and the Death Penalty in the United States Read More Fast Facts Between 1999 and 2022, exe­cu­tions in the U.S. have declined by 82% During the same peri­od, death sen­tences in the U.S. have declined by 92% Discussions With DPIC Life After Death Row with Anthony Graves Join our mailing list Email Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Policy Issues Arbitrariness Costs Deterrence Innocence Intellectual Disability Juveniles International Mental Illness Prosecutorial Accountability Race Representation Sentencing Alternatives Victims' Families Facts & Research Fact Sheet Death Penalty Census Clemency Crimes Punishable by Death DPIC Reports History of the Death Penalty Innocence Database Murder Rates Public Opinion Recent Legislative Activity Religion Sentencing Data Student Research Center United States Supreme Court Executions Executions Overview Upcoming Executions Execution Database Methods of Execution Botched Executions Lethal Injection Death Row Death Row Overview Conditions on Death Row Foreign Nationals Native Americans Time on Death Row Women State & Federal Info State by State Federal Death Penalty Military About About Us Staff & Board of Directors DPIC in the Media DPIC Testimony Press Releases Work for DPIC For the Media Resources Related Websites Publications & Testimony DPIC Podcasts DPIC Reports New Voices En Español For Educators High School Curriculum Teacher's Guide College Curriculum Fact Sheet Donate Death Penalty Information Center | 1701 K Street NW, Suite 750 | Washington, DC 20006 Phone: 202-289-2275 | Email: dpic@deathpenaltyinfo.org Privacy Policy | ©2024 Death Penalty Information Center