Salon.com | News, Politics, Culture, Science & Food News & Politics Culture Food Science & Health Life Stories Video About Newsletter LinkedIn Profile Login/Sign Up Sticky Header: Night Mode: Saved Articles Go Ad-Free Logout Sticky Header Night Mode Search Subscribe Help keep Salon independent subscribe Salon Homepage IN BRIEF Mar 4, 6:20 pm EST Heaviest black hole pair ever measured Mar 4, 4:44 pm EST Over-the-counter birth control arriving Mar 4, 4:23 pm EST Taylor Swift related to Emily Dickinson Mar 4, 4:09 pm EST Trump slammed by Sinéad O'Connor estate Mar 4, 2:16 pm EST TJ's recalls 62,000 pounds of this item Jon Stewart's loss helps us listen Melanie McFarland Alarm: Trump poised to get intel briefs Alarm: Trump poised to get intel briefs Areeba Shah Scholar worries Trump could “very easily endanger the lives of individuals in the intelligence apparatus” Is the Kroger-Albertsons merger sunk? Is the Kroger-Albertsons merger sunk? Ashlie D. Stevens Ninety percent of companies that fail to block preliminary injunctions abandon their merger plans, experts say Instead of pivoting, Trump is purging Instead of pivoting, Trump is purging Heather Digby Parton Trump is openly purging his coalition of anyone who isn't MAGA Advertisement: FEATURED America 2024: Blind, blundering Colossus Andrew O'Hehir If the Biden-Trump rerun wasn't embarrassing enough, U.S. support for Israel has alienated the entire world Profs: Trump ballot ruling may backfire Igor Derysh SCOTUS ruling "unclear" on whether congressional Dems could use Section 3 to refuse to count Trump electoral votes MAGA makes plans for apocalyptic battle Chauncey DeVega "Whether battle is in the spiritual or physical realm, a large portion of Trump’s base believes warfare is ongoing" Can nuclear power fix climate change? Matthew Rozsa Some climate activists are pushing for expanded nuclear power — most experts think the risk is too high MOST POPULAR "Like someone pulled the metaphorical plug": Dr. John Gartner on Trump's "accelerating dementia" "Someone pulled the metaphorical plug" Chauncey DeVega Trump's CPAC speech showed clear signs of major cognitive decline — yet MAGA cheered Trump's CPAC speech showed clear decay Chauncey DeVega Dr. John Gartner on a tale of two brains: "Biden's brain is aging. Trump's brain is dementing" "Trump's brain is dementing" Chauncey DeVega "Better than Jesus": How far will the cult of Trump go? How far will the cult of Trump go? Chauncey DeVega Our thirst for pineapple may be causing mutations in Costa Rica’s sloths Why Costa Rica's sloths may be mutating Levi Stallings "Trump's in a corner": Judge comes down "very hard" after Trump seeks discount on fraud penalty Judge rejects Trump's discount request Tatyana Tandanpolie NEWS & POLITICS SCOTUS is broken — can it be fixed? Paul Rosenberg Trump vaccine vow risks school crisis Gabriella Ferrigine A warped Bible killed Nex Benedict Serene Jones How far will the cult of Trump go? Chauncey DeVega SCOTUS liberals' "warning" in Trump case Gabriella Ferrigine SCOTUS Trump ruling opens door to crisis Igor Derysh Weisselberg pleads guilty to perjury Gabriella Ferrigine Trump's "mind blanks out" during speech Igor Derysh MORE NEWS & POLITICS Advertisement: CULTURE How "The Walking Dead" lives on for love Melanie McFarland Airbender's conflicted racial evolution Kelly Pau Laken Riley: Perils of female running Gabriella Ferrigine How "Avatar" gets Katara all wrong Nardos Haile "Office Space," the film that never quit Melanie McFarland Richard Lewis, prophet of anxiety comedy David Masciotra "Scandoval" lawsuit alleges revenge porn Nardos Haile Vince Staples: The next Larry David? D. Watkins MORE CULTURE SCIENCE & HEALTH Great apes struggle as climate worsens Matthew Rozsa "Time will tell" on FL measles outbreak Nicole Karlis Black Americans need tobacco substitutes Robert “Bob” Beamon After Dobbs, a vasectomy boom Nicole Karlis Why Costa Rica's sloths may be mutating Levi Stallings Wolves are back — but face new peril Matthew Rozsa Understanding the brain's sewage system Nicole Karlis Is COVID brain fog from a "leaky" brain? Nicole Karlis MORE SCIENCE & HEALTH Advertisement: FOOD Fyre Festival, but Willy Wonka-themed Joy Saha GOP forces face-off between SNAP and WIC Ashlie D. Stevens Soy-glazed meatballs for the win Michael La Corte You can't beat my Nana's mac and cheese Michael La Corte Samin Nosrat's best plant-based recipes Michael La Corte 8 long-lasting fruits and vegetables Joy Saha Gillie Whoppers are totally crave-able Bibi Hutchings Inside the GOP's "Orwellian" SNAP plan Ashlie D. Stevens MORE FOOD LIFE STORIES Nas and the mixtape that changed my life D. Watkins "The Sopranos" helped save my sweet mom Barbara Neal Varma The "groupie," the ghostwriter and me Sarah Tomlinson My (unexpectedly) feminist pilgrimage Ginny Bartolone MORE LIFE STORIES View More Advertisement: Home About Staff Contact Privacy Terms of Service Archive Go Ad Free Copyright © 2024 Salon.com, LLC. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon.com, LLC. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. DMCA Policy