National Audubon Society Skip to main content Menu Audubon Magazine Español Our Work Protecting Bird Habitats Coasts and Oceans Rivers, Lakes, and Wetlands Grasslands, Aridlands, and Forests Cities, Towns, and Parks Audubon Across the Hemisphere Bending the Bird Curve Climate Solutions Our Climate Strategy Birds and Clean Energy Natural Climate Solutions Restoration and Resiliency Policy and Advocacy Audubon Advocacy Climate Policy and Renewable Energy Our Science in Action Audubon Science Migratory Bird Initiative Birds and Climate Change Latest News Bird and Conservation News Press Room Why Birds? About Us The National Audubon Society protects birds and the places they need, today and tomorrow, throughout the Americas using science, advocacy, education, and on-the-ground conservation. Learn More Our Mission Our History Equity, Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Leadership & Board of Directors Reports & Financials Find Audubon Near You Explore Birds Bird Search & ID Visit Our Guide To North American Birds Download the Audubon Bird Guide App Get Into Birding Birding Hub How to Get Started Tips For Identifying Birds In the Field Advice and Stories Frequently Asked Bird Questions Birding at Home Bird Feeding and Care Search for Native Plants Buy Audubon Birdseed, Houses, and More Gear Guides Gear and Resources Binocular Guide Spotting Scope Guide Photography Bird Photography Hub Tips for Photographing Birds Camera and Equipment Advice Audubon Photography Awards Avian Art The Aviary The Audubon Mural Project The Sketch by Jason Polan John James Audubon's Birds of America AUDUBON BIRD GUIDE Search for Birds in Your Area Get Involved Audubon Near You Audubon Near You Events Audubon on Campus Visit an Audubon Center Community Science Community Science at Audubon Christmas Bird Count Climate Watch Great Backyard Bird Count For Kids Audubon for Kids Audubon Adventures Audubon Nature Camps Find Ways to Get Involved Membership & Giving Membership Become a Member Renew Your Membership Gift a Membership Donate Make a Monthly Donation Make an Annual Donation Make a One-Time Donation Other Ways to Give In Memorial Gifts In Honor Gifts Legacy Gifts Gifts of Appreciated Stock IRA Charitable Gifts Real Estate Gifts Adopt a Bird Shop Audubon Marketplace Birdhouses and Feeders Bird Seed Calendars Puzzles, Games and DIY Kits More Ways to Give Search Search all things birds Choose where to search EverythingBird GuideBirds of America Search Shortcuts Audubon Bird GuideFrequently asked bird questionsSearch for native plants Take Action Donate Birds Need You Build a Bright Future for Birds and the Planet We can achieve new levels of impact for birds, people, and the planet thanks to support from caring people like you DonateJoin Our Action Network Northern Cardinal. Photo: Deborah Bifulco/Great Backyard Bird Count Conservation action through birds Birds are telling us—in their behavior, in their dwindling numbers, in their silence—that we must take action now, and that we must take action where birds need us most, from the Arctic to Chile and everywhere in between. It’s time to rise to the occasion. We follow the science Our science shows where birds go and what they need when they get there. We're prepared to heed that call. We pair advocacy and diplomacy to influence decision makers Audubon pairs diplomacy with advocacy to achieve conservation outcomes. We inspire an expansive Audubon flock Our chapters and centers are hubs that connect individuals and communities to Audubon and to action. And, of course, we have birds Birds delight and connect people across cultural, generational, and geographic boundaries. They inspire us to be better. And for 118 years, birds have been the heart and soul of Audubon. How You Can Help Common Raven. Photo: Vicki Jauron/Audubon Photography Awards New in the Bird World Snowy Plover on the southern edge of Great Salt Lake during the Fall 2023 Intermountain West Shorebird Survey. Photo: Max Malmquist/Audubon News Water Replicating a Census from the Past to Protect Shorebirds of the Future The more information we have about the movements of shorebirds and their numbers, the better equipped we are to manage the critical ecosystems they depend on and protect their populations for generations to come. When it comes to shorebirds though, acquiring such a level of robust information is not an easy task. Read More Long-billed Dowitcher Sandpipers Play Long-billed Dowitcher calls & song #1 sound More Bird News Read more about some of Audubon's recent accomplishments Birds of Colombia Face Threats from Widespread Wildfires Birds of Colombia Face Threats from Widespread Wildfires Recent wildfires in Colombia left a significant impact on vulnerable ecosystems like páramos. But what effect do they have on endangered bird species? Partnerships Help the Lights Out Program Expand in North Carolina And Beyond Partnerships Help the Lights Out Program Expand in North Carolina And Beyond Wake Audubon’s collaboration with Kane Realty builds on the national Lights Out movement. News Audubon Determines Method for Choosing the Best Places for Bird Conservation Efforts Audubon Determines Method for Choosing the Best Places for Bird Conservation Efforts A new study proposes a conservation methodology that incorporates factors such as habitat type, migratory routes, and interest and capacity from local communities. Migratory Bird Initiative Congratulations GRAMMY Award WINNER For The Birds: The Birdsong Project Congratulations GRAMMY Award WINNER For The Birds: The Birdsong Project This birdy boxed set wins a GRAMMY Award for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package News How Bird Safe Philly is Making the City Safer for Migrating Birds How Bird Safe Philly is Making the City Safer for Migrating Birds The new bird-friendly window treatment at Sister Cities Cafe marks the group’s latest accomplishment. News This New App Looks to the Birds to Bolster Southeast Alaska’s Economy This New App Looks to the Birds to Bolster Southeast Alaska’s Economy A birding trail developed by Audubon Alaska and partners seeks to shift the region away from reliance on extractive industries. Field Notes Migratory Birds and Capital Return Migratory Birds and Capital Return The speed of climate change and its impact on biodiversity is not matched by timely responses from governments, multilateral banks, private institutions, or citizen initiatives. The Americas Flyway Initiative aims at closing that gap. International Cocopah Indian Tribe Secures $5.5 Million for Habitat Restoration in the Colorado River Delta Cocopah Indian Tribe Secures $5.5 Million for Habitat Restoration in the Colorado River Delta Audubon partners with Cocopah Tribe to bring more resources to key riparian area. Western Water News 50 Years of Project Puffin: An Oral History of an Incredibly Audacious Idea 50 Years of Project Puffin: An Oral History of an Incredibly Audacious Idea In 1973 a young biologist hatched a plan to bring a charismatic seabird back to Maine. It was the start of a five-decade scientific adventure that would ultimately revolutionize seabird restoration. News Our Work Spans the Hemisphere Migratory birds face threats throughout their lives, and these threats are accelerating. We work in the places where birds, and people, need it most. Read more about who we are and the work that we do. Our Impact and How We Work Read about Flight Plan Habitat Conservation Climate Solutions Driving Policy Outcomes Building Community Advancing Science Read More About Our Strategic Plan Birds Need You Now Generous people like you power our work to protect birds and the places they need. One timeMonthly $75 $100 $250 $25 $30 $50 Donate Atlantic Puffin. Lorraine Minns/Audubon Photography Awards Black-billed Cuckoo. Shayna Hartley/Audubon Photography Awards Black Vulture. Melyssa St. Michael/Audubon Photography Awards Common Nighthawk. Connor Charchuk/Audubon Photography Awards Eared Grebe. Peter Knoot/Audubon Photography Awards Bufflehead. Pam Polcyn/Audubon Photography Awards Dovekie. Allan Hopkins/Flickr Creative Commons Golden-winged Warbler. Arni Stinnissen/Audubon Photography Awards Gray-headed Swamphen. Gaurika Wijeratne/Flickr (BY-NC-ND 2.0) Common Grackle. Caroline Samson/Audubon Photography Awards Aplomado Falcon. Felix Tam/Audubon Photography Awards Blue Jay. Brian Kushner/Audubon Photography Awards Acorn Woodpecker. George Scott/Audubon Photography Awards Blue-Gray Gnatcatcher. Jesse Gordon/Audubon Photography Awards American Flamingo. Ken Mirman/Audubon Photography Awards Blue Jay. Brian Kushner/Audubon Photography Awards American Coot. Mark Eden/Great Backyard Bird Count Golden-fronted Woodpecker. Ellen Cox/Audubon Photography Awards Explore our catalogue of over 800 North American Birds Discover Audubon Magazine For 125 years, Audubon has been a cornerstone of environmental journalism. Through quarterly print issues and digital editorial, the award-winning publication delivers essential news, advice, and reporting on birds and bird conservation, pairing compelling writing with vivid photography. Get the Magazine Read the issue Magazine Home From Audubon Magazine A Single Mexican Island May Be Our Best Hope for Saving Black-footed Albatrosses To secure the future of the imperiled seabirds, scientists are transporting eggs from Hawaii to Mexico, where Laysan Albatross foster parents await. A Single Mexican Island May Be Our Best Hope for Saving Black-footed Albatrosses A Single Mexican Island May Be Our Best Hope for Saving Black-footed Albatrosses To secure the future of the imperiled seabirds, scientists are transporting eggs from Hawaii to Mexico, where Laysan Albatross foster parents await. From Audubon Magazine As Stands of Whitebark Pine Disappear, Could the Clark's Nutcracker Soon Follow? As Stands of Whitebark Pine Disappear, Could the Clark's Nutcracker Soon Follow? A intrepid researcher faces steep odds as she attempts to study nutcrackers in the Cascade Mountains. But the birds—and the singular trees they help sustain—are too important for her not to persist. From Audubon Magazine Can a Scientist and an Owl Be Friends? Can a Scientist and an Owl Be Friends? Best-selling author and ecologist Carl Safina has made a career out of his deep explorations of the animal world. But his recent relationship with a rescued owl caused him to go even deeper. From Audubon Magazine A Force of Conservation, the Endangered Species Act Faces a Fraught Future A Force of Conservation, the Endangered Species Act Faces a Fraught Future Fifty years after its passage, the powerful policy has proven effective at preventing wildlife from going extinct. Only with innovation and advocacy can it continue to do so for decades to come. From Audubon Magazine The Bone-eating Bearded Vulture Is Reclaiming Europe’s Skies The Bone-eating Bearded Vulture Is Reclaiming Europe’s Skies Once widely persecuted, the majestic scavenger is making a remarkable rebound in Europe, but new threats could undermine a full recovery. From Audubon Magazine Audubon Near You Find your local Audubon to connect with the birds in your community Sign up to connect locallyGet outside at an Audubon CenterConnect with your local chapterFind bird-friendly native plantsAttend an eventIdentify your local birds Short-eared Owl. Photo: Jerry amEnde/Audubon Photography Awards Audubon Audubon Discover Who We Are Our History Leadership & Board of Directors Notice of Annual Meeting Reports & Financials Audubon Action Fund Connect Work With Us Fellowships Press Room Contact Us Support Us Adopt a Bird Audubon Near You Audubon Products Donate Now Legacy Gifts Renew Membership © 2024 National Audubon Society Legal Notices Privacy Policy Contact Us Join our mission Audubon protects birds and the places they need, today and tomorrow. Learn about our work Stay connected This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Great Egret. Photo: Melissa Groo/Audubon Photography Awards