Homepage - Freedom Forum Skip to content Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Menu The First Amendment Freedom of Religion Freedom of Speech Freedom of Press Freedom of Assembly Freedom of Petition Courts Sports, Music and Culture About Freedom Forum Where America Stands Today’s Front Pages Shop Newsletter Sign Up Email(Required) 45105 The First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Sign of the Times: When, Where and How Political Signs Can Be Restricted Can political signs be restricted? 5 Protests That Highlight the Power of Love Five love-inspired protests we, well, love ... What Is Doxing and Is Doxing Illegal? Everything You Should Know When free speech and intimidation collide. 13 Women’s Rights Activists Who Embodied the Power of the First Amendment Highlighting the First Amendment in action. Ink Expression: Tattoos and Free Speech Exploring the intersection of body art and free speech. Upcoming Events Friday, Mar 8 1A House at SXSW Friday, Mar 8 World Premiere of Yours to Lose Friday, Mar 8 @ 6:30 pm Music and Conversation with WhoDo: Freedom to Rock Saturday, Mar 9 @ 7:00 pm Drag and the First Amendment: A Conversation with Brigitte Bandit View More Subscribe for all things 1A Weekly updates, insights, events and more – straight to your inbox. Email(Required) 54581 Are Non-Citizens Protected by the First Amendment? With liberty and justice for ... all? How Anti-SLAPP Laws Protect Your Right to Free Speech When free speech and lawsuits collide. The Establishment Clause: Everything to Know What is the establishment clause and how does it protect religious freedom? Read More Art Censorship: First Amendment Violation or Private Free Speech? Art is free speech protected from government censorship. But there are limits. Read More 25 Black Civil Rights Activists Who Used the Power of the First Amendment Activists who used the First Amendment to advance Black civil rights. Read More Pledge of Allegiance in Schools: Do Students Have to Stand? Everything to know about the Pledge of Allegiance in schools. Read More 6 First Amendment Stories to Watch in 2024 Exploring the biggest 1A stories on the horizon. Read More A free press is a freer country. Read more Our Experts The Freedom Forum’s network of experts bring a wide range of backgrounds in law, education and civil society to their analysis and commentary on First Amendment issues. Kevin Goldberg First Amendment Specialist David Hudson Fellow for the First Amendment Richard Foltin Fellow for Religious Freedom Asma Uddin Fellow for Religious Liberty Benjamin P. Marcus Fellow for Religious Freedom Lata Nott Fellow for the First Amendment Charles Haynes Senior Fellow for Religious Liberty Gene Policinski Senior Fellow for the First Amendment View All Experts Most Read Free Speech on Social Media: The Complete Guide 5 Protests That Highlight the Power of Love What Speech Is Protected by the First Amendment? Cancel Culture: Censorship, Civil Right or Something Else? 1 2 3 … 63 Next » Regulating speech on social media: A First Amendment perspective Read more The First Amendment Freedom of Religion Freedom of Speech Freedom of Press Freedom of Assembly Freedom of Petition Today’s Front Pages Courts Sports, Music and Culture About Freedom Forum Where America Stands Shop Newsletter Contact Us Support Events Privacy Policy © 2024 Freedom Forum