Arts & Science Skip to Main About About Arts & Science Community Commitment Leadership of Arts & Science Arts & Science Board A&S CAS GSAS Liberal Studies People Faculty Staff Administrative Resources The Silver Professors Global Distinguished Professors A&S CAS GSAS Liberal Studies Academics Departments and Programs Centers, Institutes and International Houses A&S CAS GSAS Liberal Studies Events Events Calendar Big Questions Series Teaching Innovation Series A&S CAS GSAS Liberal Studies Inclusion Alumni Volunteer Opportunities CAS Alumni Achievement Award LS Alumni Ambassador Award A&S CAS GSAS Liberal Studies Contact Human Resources Meet the Arts & Science Human Resources Team Administrative and Manager Resources, Policies, and Forms Performance Management Learning and Development Employee Benefits Employee Recognition Programs HR Services FAS Fiscal, Payroll, and Academic Appointment Contacts New Employee Resources AY 23-24 Hybrid/Remote Work Policy Guidelines ASCEND A&S CAS GSAS Liberal Studies Communications CMS Resources & Support Visual Identity Design Resources Contact Us A&S CAS GSAS Liberal Studies About About Arts & Science Community Commitment Leadership of Arts & Science Arts & Science Board People Faculty Staff Administrative Resources The Silver Professors Global Distinguished Professors Academics Departments and Programs Centers, Institutes and International Houses Events Events Calendar Big Questions Series Teaching Innovation Series Inclusion Alumni Volunteer Opportunities CAS Alumni Achievement Award LS Alumni Ambassador Award Contact Human Resources Meet the Arts & Science Human Resources Team Administrative and Manager Resources, Policies, and Forms Performance Management Learning and Development Employee Benefits Employee Recognition Programs HR Services FAS Fiscal, Payroll, and Academic Appointment Contacts New Employee Resources AY 23-24 Hybrid/Remote Work Policy Guidelines ASCEND Communications CMS Resources & Support Visual Identity Design Resources Contact Us Arts & Science Imagine. Discover. Create. Reinventing the liberal arts education for the twenty-first century. College of Arts & Science Providing a framework for exploring our interdisciplinary, interconnected world. Liberal Studies Meeting the demands of graduate students and an evolving employment market. Graduate School of Arts & Science Why I Give Alan Song, the father of a student at the College of Arts & Science, created the Song Family Education Fund, which will provide scholarships for promising undergraduates with financial need. “I firmly believe that education holds the key to unlocking potential and creating a better future for all. My contribution is a humble step in that direction.” Meet the Faculty of Arts & Science "You can take any piece of humble trash and look at dozens of connections of material, culture flows, and economic relationships, and political connections." Watch Video > Arts & Science Impact Makers Assistant Professor of Neural Science SueYeon Chung's research explores theoretical neuroscience and theory of neural computation to better understand learning in the brain and artificial neural networks. Read more here. SueYeon Chung of NYU Arts & Science Named 2024 Sloan Research Fellow Professor Karbiener’s course focuses on keeping the past alive and how we as a culture continue to make history meaningful through analysis of literature, translation, and experiential learning. Read more here. Experiential Learning and Hands-On History To honor the victims of the Triangle Shirtwaist factory fire of 1911, Casa Italiana Zerilli-Marimò at NYU A&S presents an exhibition highlighting the new memorial. Read more here. Collective Ribbon: The Interwoven Voices of the Triangle Fire Memorial Michael Riddleberger (CAS '10), Brian Rajaratnam (LS), and Mark Ronson (CAS) won Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media. Read more here. NYU Arts & Science Alumni Win Three Grammys at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards The annual list highlights successful and influential twentysomethings for outstanding impact on their fields and industries. Read more here. Seven NYU Arts & Science Alumni Appear on the 2024 Forbes 30 Under 30 List Champollion led a team of experts reviewing an immigration statute where the words “not” and “or” combine for “a textbook case of ambiguity.” Read more here. NYU Arts & Science Linguist Lucas Champollion Called On for Semantics Expertise in Supreme Court Deportation Case More Impact Makers Arts & Science Give to Arts & Science College of Arts & Science About CAS Academic Programs Apply to the College Liberal Studies About LS Academic Programs Apply to Liberal Studies Graduate School of Arts & Science About GSAS Academic Programs Apply to Graduate School Accessibility © New York University. All rights reserved.