Sloan Digital Sky Survey-V: Pioneering Panoptic Spectroscopy - SDSS-V Skip to content Data Release 18 is here! Primary Menu Data MappersExpand Mappers submenuCollapse Mappers submenu About Milky Way Mapper About Local Volume Mapper About Black Hole Mapper Instruments Collaboration ScienceExpand Science submenuCollapse Science submenu Results News Publications Science Blog Education Contact Search SDSS-V: PIONEERING PANOPTIC SPECTROSCOPY SDSS-V: PIONEERING PANOPTIC SPECTROSCOPY SDSS-V: PIONEERING PANOPTIC SPECTROSCOPY SDSS-V: PIONEERING PANOPTIC SPECTROSCOPY SDSS-V: PIONEERING PANOPTIC SPECTROSCOPY SDSS-V is the first facility providing multi-epoch optical & IR spectroscopy across the entire sky, as well as offering contiguous integral-field spectroscopic coverage of the Milky Way and Local Volume galaxies. This panoptic spectroscopic survey continues the strong SDSS legacy of innovative data and collaboration infrastructure. Data DATA DATA DATA DATA Our latest data release, DR18 is now live! This is the first data release for SDSS-V and contains targeting data for Black Hole Mapper and Milky Way Mapper, as well as eFEDS spectra and value added catalogs. Find out more about DR18 on the DR18 webpages, and in the DR18 paper. If you are looking for previous data releases from SDSS-IV, then these are all still available! You can find them on our completed surveys page, and at the SDSS-IV webpages. Completed surveys include the SDSS Imaging and Legacy Survey, Supernova Survey, SEGUE1/2, MARVELS, (e)BOSS, APOGEE-1/2, MaNGA and MaStar. Our next data release will be DR19, and is currently scheduled for 2024. News The “Barbenheimer Star”: Evidence for Spectacular Nucleosynthesis in the Early UniverseJanuary 10, 2024Astronomy’s new blockbuster is now playing in New Orleans. Astronomers from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) have discovered evidence for what they call the “Barbenheimer Star” – an enormous ancient star that exploded in a way previously thought impossible, resulting in an unusual pattern of elemental ashes that left behind a trail of evidence still visible billions of years later. Mapping Everything Everywhere All At OnceAugust 2, 2023The newest mapmaking effort of the long-running Sloan Digital Sky Survey has begun. The Local Volume Mapper (LVM) Instrument has seen first science light. SDSS-V's Robots Turn their Eyes to the SkyJanuary 11, 2022After twenty-one years of observers loading heavy aluminum plates night after night, the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) is now seeing the cosmos through robotic eyes. Following more than five years of design, development and construction, survey members worked over the final months of 2021 to install the new robotic Focal Plane System (FPS) on the Sloan Foundation 2.5m Telescope at Apache Point Observatory (APO). Serving Up the Universe on a PlateJuly 13, 2021They may not look like much — just metal disks 80 centimeters (30 inches) across with some etched markings and hundreds of small holes — but round aluminum “plates” like this one from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) have been vital to mapping our universe for more than 20 years. Next-Gen Astronomical Survey Makes its First Observations Toward a New Understanding of the CosmosNovember 2, 2020 The Sloan Digital Sky Survey’s fifth generation collected its very first observations of the cosmos at 1:47 a.m. on October 24, 2020. As the world’s first all-sky time-domain spectroscopic survey, SDSS-V will provide groundbreaking insight into the formation and evolution of galaxies—like like our own Milky Way—and of the supermassive black holes that lurk at their centers. Milky Way Mapper Image credit: ESA/Gaia/DPAC A time-domain, optical+IR spectroscopic survey of Milky Way stars of all types. Program Head Andrew Tkachenko(KU Leuven) Explore MWM Local Volume Mapper Image credit: NASA, ESA/A. Nota An optical, integral-field spectroscopic survey of the Milky Way and its neighbors. Program Head Niv Drory(University of Texas at Austin) Explore LVM Black Hole Mapper Image credit: ESO/M. Kornmesser An optical time-domain spectroscopic survey of quasars and X-ray sources. Program Head Scott Anderson(University of Washington) Explore BHM JOIN US! SDSS-V, like previous SDSS surveys, remains committed to making its data publicly available in a format that is helpful to a broad range of users, from beginner students to both amateur and professional astronomers. However, without extensive federal or other large-scale funding, this commitment is not possible to fulfill without membership contributions from institutional partners. SDSS-V is actively seeking participation from new membership partners. Our institutional partners benefit from early access to proprietary data, participation in the survey planning process, and involvement of their faculty, postdocs, and students in our global science collaborative network. Policies for joining SDSS-V at a variety of levels can be found in the Joining Document. The general policies for SDSS-V are defined in its current Principles of Operation. A list of current member institutions can be found on the Affiliate Institutions page. Explore Data Release 18 Data Access Tutorials Value Added Catalogs Learn Mappers Instruments Education Science Connect Contact Us Email Helpdesk Facebook Twitter SDSS is supported by: Copyright 2022 | Sloan Digital Sky Survey Back to Top