Webopedia Homepage | Webopedia Reviews Crypto Crypto gambling Crypto Gambling Crypto Casinos Crash Gambling Crypto Sports Betting Definitions Insights Reference Topics About Us Definitions Insights Reference Topics Crypto BackCrypto Gambling BackGambling Best Sites BackBest Sites Best Crypto & Bitcoin Gambling Sites in Canada in 2024 Best Crypto & Bitcoin Sports Betting Sites in 2024 Best Crypto & Bitcoin Casinos in 2024 Best Crypto & Bitcoin Gambling Sites in 2024 About Us Search Search The Online Tech Dictionary for Students, Educators and IT Professionals Looking for a definition? Search Insights What’s a DEX? How decentralized exchanges work Read more Definitions Bitcoin halving Read more Networking What is a VPN kill switch? Do I need one? Read more Terms of the Day Computer Science Terms Definitions Hypervisor A hypervisor, also known as a virtual machine motor or virtualizer, is computer software, firmware, or hardware that creates and... Read more Definitions Artificial Intelligence (AI) Artificial intelligence (AI) is a wide-ranging branch of computer science in which smart machines are built to perform tasks that... Read more Definitions SQL What is SQL? SQL is a standardized query language for requesting information from a database. It is an abbreviation for... Read more Go to Section Security Terms Definitions SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is a protocol developed by Netscape for providing a secure connection between two or more devices... Read more Definitions Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) Endpoint Detection and Response, or EDR, is a form of technology that provides continuous monitoring and response to advanced cybersecurity... Read more Definitions Authentication Authentication refers to the process of identifying an individual, usually based on a username, password, and some type of additional... Read more Go to Section Study Guides Network Fundamentals Study Guide Networking Computer Architecture Study Guide Computers What is Network Topology? Reference Guide Networking Follow us on Social Media Definitions Bitcoin halving What is the Bitcoin halving? The Bitcoin halving is an event on the Bitcoin protocol, in which the block reward... Read more Definitions P2P VPN P2P VPN meaning: what’s a peer-to-peer VPN? A P2P VPN is a type of Virtual Private Network that has servers... Read more Definitions ScalaHosting ScalaHosting is a leading managed hosting provider that offers secure, scalable, and affordable cloud VPS solutions for businesses. It claims... Read more Latest Terms Definitions The Complete List of 1697 Common Text Abbreviations & Acronyms January 10, 2022 Definitions Hotmail [Outlook] Email Accounts December 2, 2021 Browsers How to Create a Website Shortcut on Your Desktop April 6, 2021 Insights What are the Five Generations of Computers? (1st to 5th) April 6, 2021 Definitions OSI Model – The 7 Layers Explained April 6, 2021 Definitions List of Windows Operating System Versions & History [In Order] January 16, 2012 Trending Articles Multimedia Terms Computers Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) Optical image stabilization (OIS) is a camera component that compensates in real-time for shaking and vibrating while taking photos or... Read more Communications Common Intermediate Format (n.) A video format used in videoconferencing systems that easily supports both NTSC and PAL signals. CIF is part of... Read more Computers FPS (Frames Per Second) What is FPS (Frames Per Second)? 1. Short for frames per second, fps is a measure of how many full... Read more Go to Section Software Terms Definitions Best Marketing Automation Software Marketing automation tools ease the manual burdens on sales, marketing, and email teams by following built-in workflows for preconfigured business... Read more Communications Remote Working Software Remote working software is software that enables workers outside of a main office to collaborate, communicate and track tasks and... Read more Definitions ALM Application lifecycle management (ALM) refers to the capability to integrate, coordinate and manage the different phases of the software delivery... Read more Go to Section Review Guides What’s a DEX? How decentralized exchanges work Insights Bitcoin halving Definitions What is a VPN kill switch? Do I need one? Networking Best App to Learn Spanish in 2024: 7 Fast, Fun and Effective Apps for All Levels Applications Webopedia, your online tech resource, simplifies complex IT and computer science concepts through easily digestible definitions, guides, and reviews. Our goal is to bridge the knowledge gap by connecting curious minds with the right resources, regardless of their technical background. MenuDefinitions Insights Reference Topics Sitemap Privacy Policy Contact About Us Property of Find.co © 2024 Webopedia. All Rights Reserved Advertiser Disclosure: Some of the products that appear on this site are from companies from which Webopedia receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site including, for example, the order in which they appear. Webopedia does not include all companies or all types of products available in the marketplace. Close Search By using webopedia.com you consent to our privacy & cookie policy. Continue