University of Bath Skip to main content University of Bath Staff Students Alumni University of Bath Open menu Courses Research Enterprise Sport Departments About Staff Students Alumni Open search Find out about the cost of living advice and support we offer to students. University of Bath A leading UK university with an international reputation for teaching and research excellence. University of Bath awarded triple Gold in the Teaching Excellence Framework 2023 Bath achieved Gold awards, the highest possible, for the overall assessment and the two underpinning assessments of student outcomes and student experience. Study at Bath Making an impact Supporting the community Work at Bath Collaborate with us Study at Bath A springboard for success Studying at Bath means joining our multicultural student community on a vibrant, friendly campus in a historic city. We're a university that's well places to help you succeed, wherever you're from. We're ranked highly for overall performance, student satisfaction, and graduate employment. Download the 2025 undergraduate prospectus Learn about our undergraduate courses starting in September 2025, hear from our current students, and get a taste of what it's like to live in Bath. Download the 2024 master's prospectus Request a download of our master's prospectus and learn about our courses starting in September 2024. Improve your employability Bath graduates are highly valued and sought after by leading graduate employers. Two-thirds of our students choose to do a placement or study abroad, helping them prepare for their careers through real-world experience. Making an impact Informing the direction of research Bath's world-leading research is improving lives and changing the world. Our enterprise and innovation deliver scientific and economic impact - benefiting communities locally, nationally, and internationally. We engage with the public, policy-makers, charities, and businesses to inform new research directions. Our Doctoral College supports doctoral researchers and helps develop our research strategy. Centre for Sustainable and Circular Technologies (CSCT) Placing fundamental concepts of sustainability and circularity at the core of research, innovation, training and outreach in applied science and engineering. Institute for Advanced Automotive Propulsion Systems (IAAPS) The IAAPS team has supported propulsion research for over 40 years and offers a unique combination of academic and industrial expertise in all propulsion types. Tackling issues of global significance Our flexibility enables us to create agile inter-disciplinary and multi-disciplinary teams, working with pre-eminent partners worldwide, to tackle issues of global significance. Find out more about our research. Supporting the community Working with the community Our staff and students are involved with the community in and around Bath, including partnerships with community groups and collaborations with local organisations. We support local students to prepare for their future, working with their schools and colleges to inspire them to pursue further study and careers. Find out more about Our place in the community Public events Find out what's on. Join us for upcoming events, including conferences, public lectures, arts performances and exhibitions and sporting fixtures. Living safely with respiratory infections, including Covid-19 Read guidance on good practice to prevent the spread of respiratory diseases in the autumn and winter months. Reducing our environmental impact We're reducing our environmental impact through ethical food sourcing, waste management, generating our own sustainable energy, and raising awareness of how staff and students can help. We work with the local community, industry, public sector bodies and third sector organisations, to support the transition to the net zero carbon economy. Find out more about how we're reducing our carbon footprint. Work at Bath Be part of a vibrant and innovative community Our staff are vital in creating the University’s academic and professional community, and we value working collaboratively with others within our global network of contacts in business, the professions, the public, and the voluntary sectors. Find out what it's like to work at Bath. Education & Research Apply for a vacancy in education and research. Management, Specialist and Administration Apply for management, specialist and administration roles. Operations & Facilities Support Look for a job in our operations and facilities teams. Technical & Experimental Search for a technical and experimental role. Come and work at Bath Be part of our success story. Search for a job Collaborate with us Support for your business We work with established businesses and start-ups, helping them find investment, workspaces, and networking opportunities to support growth. Our research facilities are available for testing and analysis, with expert support and advice from our staff. Enterprise and entrepreneurship We work with businesses, researchers, and students to enable new ideas, innovation, and growth. Student engagement, employability and recruitment Discover how engaging with our students through placements, projects, societies and employment can help attract and retain the talent your organisation needs. Driving innovation We can help you develop your business ideas with our world-leading expertise and technologies. Work with us to exchange knowledge and ideas and bridge the gap between academic research and commercial application. Our research impact Research with Impact Our research is helping to change the world for the better. We work in partnership to help create a healthier, more sustainable and connected future for us all. Find out more about our research News 5 March 2024 Fossils of giant sea lizard show how our oceans have fundamentally changed since the dinosaur era The oceans were full of large apex predators 66 million years ago, in contrast to modern times. Read the full article Article published on 4 March 2024 Nearly 90% of UK voters think it’s important to make homes more affordable to heat Article published on 29 February 2024 Being an ‘authentic’ leader has psychological benefits for LGBTQ+ managers Article published on 28 February 2024 Losing their tails gave our ape ancestors an evolutionary advantage, but we’re paying the price More from our Media Centre Meet our students Previous Slide Find out what it's like to be a student at Bath. Find out what it is like to live and study at Bath as a taught postgraduate student. Our international undergraduates talk about living and studying in Bath. Next Slide Social media Go to Instagram Go to LinkedIn Go to Twitter Go to YouTube Go to Facebook Go to SinaWeibo Go to WeChat Go to SnapChat Go to TikTok Go to Xiaohongshu © University of Bath 2024 Disclaimer Freedom of information Modern slavery statement Privacy and cookie policy Transparency information Website accessibility statement