Home Sign In Search Cart Search for: 0 Items for $0.00 Explore SubjectsBooksBrowseBy SubjectBy TitleBy SeriesAward Winning TitlesAuthors and EditorsCurrent AuthorsProspective AuthorsJournalsBrowseBy TitleBy SubjectMathematics at DUPJournals fulfilled by DUP Journal ServicesAuthors and EditorsSubmission GuidelinesEthics and Policies for JournalsPermissions Information for Journal AuthorsShare Your ArticleSupport for Journal EditorsAuthor Resources from University PressesJournal Community WebsitesFAQConferencesProspective JournalsDUP as a Publishing PartnerTestimonialsStart the ConversationScholarly Publishing CollectiveSocietiesBrowseAmerican Dialect SocietyAmerican Society for EthnohistoryAssociation for Middle East Women's StudiesGL/Q Caucus for the Modern LanguagesLabor and Working-Class History AssociationSociety for French Historical StudiesSociety for Novel StudiesSociety Members and OfficersHow to Join a DUP-Affiliated SocietyAbout Your AccountSupport for Society OfficersConferencesProspective SocietiesOpen AccessAboutWho We AreLeadershipStaffWhat We DoBlogNewsAwardsContact UsGiveJob OpportunitiesWorking at DUPConferences Information For Advertisers Agents and Vendors Book Authors and Editors Booksellers / Media / Review Copies Customers Educators Librarians and Consortia Journal Authors and Editors Licensing and Subsidiary Rights Mathematics Authors and Editors Prospective Journals Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Explore Subjects Books BrowseAuthors and Editors Journals BrowseAuthors and EditorsProspective Journals Societies BrowseSociety Members and OfficersProspective Societies Open Access About Who We AreWhat We DoNewsAwardsContact UsGiveJob Opportunities Conferences Duke University Press At the Vanguard of Vinyl: A Cultural History of the Long-Playing Record in Jazz by Darren Mueller “A fresh take on jazz recordings that fundamentally transforms the way we think about jazz improvisation and the relationship between jazz musicians and recording technologies, as well as our assumptions about how gender, race, and music inform record production. A profound reconception of jazz historiography . . .”—Kevin Fellezs About this book Platinum Bible of the Public Toilet: Ten Queer Stories by Cui Zi'en “Cui Zi’en is known for shaking up the world of Chinese queer cinema and standing at the forefront of the queer rights movement in China. . . . This collection reveals Cui Zi’en’s strange literary universe, brimming with the uncanny, the philosophical, and the beautiful.”—Michael Berry Read More Tendings: Feminist Esoterisms and the Abolition of Man by Nathan Snaza “I think of this book as a highly discursive spell, a call across generations to show up for our Wynterian, Anzaldúan, Lordean assignment, to show up in and as the worlds enlightenment says we were never supposed to imagine.”—Alexis Pauline Gumbs Read More Between Shadows and Noise: Sensation, Situatedness, and the Undisciplined by Amber Jamilla Musser “Amber Jamilla Musser holistically reenvisions how a body of work can be stretched, massaged, and released in order to attune to the creative ways racialized, colonized, and queer bodies map and remap the embodied experiences of trauma and resilience.”—Omise’eke Natasha Tinsley More Info Keep up to date on new scholarship in our journals Issue alerts are a great way to stay current on all the cutting-edge scholarship from your favorite Duke University Press journals. Sign up for alerts Current Catalog Join Our Mailing List Customer Relations Institutional Pricing New Best Sellers Featured Journals Mathematics Syllabi New A History of Argentina: From the Spanish Conquest to the Present Ezequiel Adamovsky “With this translation, English readers have access to the best single-volume history of Argentina, written by one of the country’s most innovative and influential historians.”—Matthew B. Karush Fire Dreams: Making Black Feminist Liberation in the South Laura McTighe, with Women With A Vision “Providing an urgent and layered account of Black feminist abolitionist organizing, this book is a model of nuanced, accessible, and theoretically deft scholar-activist work. . . . A gorgeous work of care, radical planning, and theory that will inspire and enlighten readers.”—Sarah Haley Fractal Repair: Queer Histories of Modern Jamaica Matthew Chin “Fractal Repair contributes significantly to our understanding of the history and the present of queer Jamaican life. Chin fills in the gaps on queer organizing in Jamaica, making use of the archive to piece together a different account of queer Jamaica than usually circulates.”—Rinaldo Walcott The Cybernetic Border: Drones, Technology, and Intrusion Iván Chaar López “An in-depth and long-overdue interrogation of the complicated history and brutal impacts of America’s evolving technological war against migrants. A must-read for scholars of migration, science and technology studies, and American history that examines the increasingly blurred line between science fiction and reality along the US-Mexico border . . .”—Jason De León the good life in late-socialist asia: aspirations, politics, and possibilities Minh T. N. Nguyen, Phill Wilcox, Jake Lin, issue editors Contributors to this special issue of positions examine the notion of “the good life” and its influence on late socialist social life through the perspectives of communities living amid political economic transformation across China, Laos, and Vietnam. Unspooled: How the Cassette Made Music Shareable Rob Drew “Offering a comprehensive history of the cassette from its origins in post-World War II taping technologies to the recent revival of the music cassette as a hipster artifact, Unspooled is the first book to give an extended account of the various ways that cassettes have transformed musical culture.”—Will Straw Transnational Queer Materialism Rana M. Jaleel, Evren Savci, issue editors Contributors to this special issue of SAQexplore “queer of color,” a category first formulated in the United States that is now used in scholarship across the world. Posing questions such as “What racial or other orders can be captured and missed by an indiscriminate application of this term?” and “What histories, theorizations, and reconfigurations of racial capitalism are necessitated and enacted by such travel?,” the authors seek to co-mobilize and retheorize queer of color critique and global racial capitalism. Shooting for Change: Korean Photography after the War Jung Joon Lee “Renouncing the ‘homological’ nationality of ‘Korean photography’ by embracing the multiple and disobedient times of the camera, Jung Joon Lee’s investigation of ‘heterotemporality’ provides an exemplary frame for grasping the complex relations between media, ideology, place, and history.”—Christopher Pinney Feminists Confront State Violence Anne Gray Fischer, Sara Matthiesen, Marisol LeBrón, editors Contributors to this special issue of Radical History Review examine the state’s capacity to affirm life given its structural investments in violence, paying specific attention to how activists theorize and devise strategies to win redress from extant institutions. The authors document the ways feminists have negotiated a fundamental contradiction, asking how and why one makes demands for the equitable distribution of care, safety, and life in a state that inequitably distributes violence, immiseration, and death. Best Sellers Black Disability Politics Sami Schalk “Black Disability Politics bravely and humanely confronts shortcomings in social movements beyond the dualism of romanticizing them or throwing them away from a presentist perspective. Challenging myriad assumptions about disability activism and Black social movements, this book is an essential and overdue bridge between how we think about Blackness and how we think about disability.”—Kimberly Springer Raving McKenzie Wark “Passionately exploring queer rave culture, Raving is the fantasy and the moment. There are drugs and sex, tangled love affairs, rejection, the highs and lows of the dance floors, and all the messiness that makes up a rave evening. A potent book.”—madison moore Living a Feminist Life Sara Ahmed "Living a Feminist Life makes visible the continuous work of feminism. … Playful yet methodical, the book tries to construct a living feminism that is neither essentialist nor universalist."—Bookforum Volume 50 Ian Campbell, David R. Sorensen, editors The Collected Letters of Thomas and Jane Welsh Carlyle opens a window onto the lives of two of the Victorian world’s most accomplished, perceptive, and unusual inhabitants. Scottish writer and historian Thomas Carlyle and his wife, Jane Welsh Carlyle, attracted to them a circle of foreign exiles, radicals, feminists, revolutionaries, and major and minor writers from across Europe and the United States. Cruel Optimism Lauren Berlant “This is Berlant at her most revolutionarily queer, questioning what would happen if we stopped thinking of ourselves in terms of identity categories, and instead reorganized our sense of self around the specific objects and ideas to which we are attached and the affects that they produce in us.” — Chase Dimock, Lambda Literary Review Critical AI: A Field in Formation Rita Raley, Jennifer Rhee, issue editors This special issue of American Literature provides an overview of the emerging interdisciplinary field of Critical AI, which seeks to demystify artificial intelligence; counter its mythologizing as a marvelous and impenetrable black box; and translate, interpret, and critique its operations, from data collection and model architecture to decision making. Subversive Habits: Black Catholic Nuns in the Long African American Freedom Struggle Shannen Dee Williams “Sweeping in its scope, exhaustively researched, and balanced in presentation,Subversive Habits is a seminal history of Black Catholic Nuns and their struggle for equality and justice in the Catholic Church.” —Bettye Collier-Thomas BIPOC Europe Nana Osei-Kofi, Shirley Tate, issue editors This special issue of Meridians, guest edited by leading scholars of BIPOC Europe Nana Osei-Kofi and Shirley Ann Tate, although focused on contemporary populations, prompts us to remember that BIPOC Europe has a long, albeit relatively underrecognized history. Staying with the Trouble: Making Kin in the Chthulucene Donna J. Haraway "Staying with the Trouble is Haraway at her most accessible. … This is a work to provoke and inspire. It is a call to arms (or pseudopods as the case may be)!" —Savage Minds In the Wake: On Blackness and Being Christina Sharpe "Christina Sharpe brings everything she has to bear on her consideration of the violation and commodification of Black life and the aesthetic responses to this ongoing state of emergency. … A searing and brilliant work."—Saidiya Hartman Featured Journals Trans Asia Photography Deepali Dewan, Yi Gu, Thy Phu, editors Trans Asia Photographyis the first and only open-access international peer-reviewed journal devoted to the interdisciplinary exploration of historic and contemporary photography from Asia and across the Asian diaspora. QTR: A Journal of Trans and Queer Studies in Religion Joseph A Marchal, Melissa M. Wilcox, editors QTR: A Journal of Trans and Queer Studies in Religion is an open-access journal dedicated to expanding both scholarly and public knowledge about the rich and complex connections between religion, gender, and sexuality. liquid blackness: journal of aesthetics and black studies Alessandra Raengo, Lauren McLeod Cramer, editors The open-access journal liquid blackness seeks to carve out a place for aesthetic theory and the most radical agenda of Black studies to come together in productive ways, with the goal of attending to the aesthetic work of blackness and the political work of form. Mathematics Illinois Journal of Mathematics Steven Bradlow, editor The Illinois Journal of Mathematics publishes new, peer-reviewed articles in all areas of mathematics research and has published works by many of the world's leading mathematicians. Duke Mathematical Journal Richard Hain and Alexander Kiselev, editors Duke Mathematical Journal is one of the world's top ten mathematics journals, emphasizing the most active and influential areas of current mathematics. Kyoto Journal of Mathematics Koji Fujiwara and Atsushi Moriwaki, editors The Kyoto Journal of Mathematics has a long and distinguished history of publishing high-quality, original mathematics research papers and surveys at the forefront of pure mathematics. Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic Curtis Franks and Anand Pillay, editors Since 1960, the Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic has published original work in all areas of logic and the foundations of mathematics. Syllabi Critical University Studies Syllabus The syllabus provides insight into critical inquiries of the university system and its histories, and reflects on directions for future frameworks for higher education. Conceptualizing COVID Syllabus Early attempts to conceptualize how the COVID-19 pandemic has affected the discourse in the humanities and social sciences in 2021. Asian/Pacific American Cultures and Histories Syllabus These resources help contextualize the experiences of Asian & Pacific Americans amid anti-Asian racism in the US, while also exploring community formation, solidarity between marginalized groups, and worldmaking possibilities. Elections in Global History Syllabus This syllabus features scholarship on historical elections. Topics include the study of past election events, voting inequity, election quotas, media politics, protests during election times, and more. Political Protests and Movements of Resistance Syllabus These articles, books, and journal issues tackle topics of political protest, resistance, and activism. Subjects include transnational social movements, spatial reclamation, student occupation, protest literature, and more. Revisiting Queer Studies Syllabus This syllabus lists articles and books that revisit queer studies topics, including decolonizing queerness, queerness and antinormativity, queer migration, and contemporary coming-out stories. Labor and Precarity Syllabus These books and articles consider the many faces of precarity around the world, including roles such as gig workers, warehouse workers, day laborers, and sanitation workers. Catastrophe and Its Aftermath Syllabus This syllabus explores the ways disasters affect us and how we emerge from them changed. These lessons might help us conceptualize potential shapes for a post-COVID-19 world. Care in Uncertain Times Syllabus As we collectively deal with the implications of a global pandemic, care and self-care have become ever more important. These books, issues, and articles investigate different ways that care can bind together individuals and communities where larger institutions or governments fail to intervene. Navigating the Threat of Pandemic Syllabus Amid the worldwide spread of COVID-19, it’s a challenging time, and our thoughts are with those affected by this disease. In support and solidarity, we present books and journal articles that help build knowledge and understanding of how we navigate the spread of communicable diseases. Information For Advertisers Agents and Vendors Book Authors and Editors Booksellers / Media / Review Copies Customers Educators Librarians and Consortia Journal Authors and Editors Licensing and Subsidiary Rights Mathematics Authors and Editors Prospective Journals Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Authors Find Information for current Duke University Press authors as well as prospective authors. Librarians Access information about journals, books, and electronic collections for institutional subscribers. Societies Manage memberships, view FAQ, create reading lists and sign up to receive news. Educators Find most popular course titles in a variety of disciplines and request desk/examination copies. Advertisers Learn about advertising with DUP. Ad rates, print specifications, and frequency of publication. Latest NewsAll News Letters, Archives, & Publishing: A Carlyle Letters Celebration Latest Blog PostAll Posts Arts in a Changing America: The Weekly Read Featured Collections Duke University Press 905 W. Main St. Ste 18-B Durham, NC 27701 USA Phone (888) 651-0122 International +1 (919) 688-5134 Email orders@dukeupress.edu Information For Advertisers Agents and Vendors Book Authors and Editors Booksellers / Media / Review Copies Customers Educators Librarians and Consortia Journal Authors and Editors Licensing and Subsidiary Rights Mathematics Authors and Editors Prospective Journals Scholarly Publishing Collective Societies Careers View Open Positions Working at Duke University Press Join Our Mailing List Recent Catalogs Connect Facebook Twitter YouTube Pintrest Instagram © 2019 Duke University Press. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility Legal Privacy Top