OpenMedia Search: Home About Us Toggle Dropdown FAQ Our team Contact us Our supporters Work with us Campaigns Toggle Dropdown In the United States In Canada Resources Toggle Dropdown Community Resources Reports Press Donate OpenMedia - Home CAMPAIGN Tell your MP: NO SPYING WISHLIST, fix Bill C-26! Email your MP! CAMPAIGN Tell your MP: Don’t padlock the Internet! Email your MP! CAMPAIGN Email your MP: We need REAL AI regulation! Email your MP! CAMPAIGN Tell the gov: For low cell phone prices, go MVNO! Message MPs! CAMPAIGN Democracy SOS! Make Political Parties Play by the Rules SIGN THE PETITION OpenMedia works to keep the Internet open, affordable, and surveillance-free. We create community-driven campaigns to engage, educate, and empower people to safeguard the Internet. Take action now View all campaigns Latest articles Privacy pillar Canada Stakeholders present key artificial intelligence amendments to Bill C-27 By Ramneet Bhullar on March 4th, 2024 A group of civil society groups are delivering fixes to the AI portions of Bill C-27 to parliamentarians. Read full article Privacy pillar Canada ​​Bill C-26: Cybersecurity Hero or Privacy Villain? By Ramneet Bhullar on February 13th, 2024 Everything you need to know about cybersecurity Bill C-26 Read full article Free Expression pillar Privacy pillar Canada What’s wrong with Bill S-210? An OpenMedia FAQ By Matt Hatfield on January 26th, 2024 It’s been called the “Most dangerous Canadian Internet bill you’ve never heard of”. Read full article View all latest posts Press releases Free Expression pillar Privacy pillar Canada Online Harms Bill C-63 is a positive step forward February 27th, 2024 A more careful approach that must still be stress-tested. Read press release Privacy pillar Canada Public Safety & Industry Ministers to testify on controversial Cybersecurity Bill C-26: Civil Liberties groups & experts available for comment February 13th, 2024 Read press release Free Expression pillar Privacy pillar Canada Civil society: Bill S-210 “cannot be allowed to pass” in current form January 29th, 2024 Joint statement raises urgent concerns with age verification Bill S-210 Read press release View all press releases Take action now! Sign up to be in the loop Donate to support our work About OpenMedia The Team Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy