National Bureau of Economic Research | NBER Skip to main content NBER: National Bureau of Economic Research Subscribe Media Open Calls Summer Institute 2024 Close Search Research EXPLORE Research Findings Working Papers Books & Chapters Lectures Research Spotlights Periodicals The Digest The Reporter The Bulletin on Retirement and Disability The Bulletin on Health The Bulletin on Entrepreneurship The Bulletin on Aging & Health Archives Data & Business Cycles Boston Research Data Center Business Cycle Dating Public Use Data Archive All Topics COVID-19 Unemployment and Immigration Energy Entrepreneurship Trade Programs & Projects EXPLORE Programs & Projects Programs Economics of Aging Asset Pricing Children Corporate Finance Development Economics Development of the American Economy Economic Fluctuations and Growth Economics of Education Economics of Health Environment and Energy Economics Industrial Organization International Finance and Macroeconomics International Trade and Investment Labor Studies Law and Economics Monetary Economics Political Economy Productivity, Innovation, and Entrepreneurship Public Economics Working Groups Behavioral Finance Chinese Economy Cohort Studies Economics of Crime Entrepreneurship Gender in the Economy Household Finance Innovation Policy Insurance Market Design Organizational Economics Personnel Economics Race and Stratification in the Economy Urban Economics All Projects & Centers Boosting Grant Applications from Faculty at MSIs Center for Aging and Health Research Conference on Research in Income and Wealth Early Indicators of Later Work Levels, Disease and Death Economics of Digitization Financial Frictions and Systemic Risk Improving Health Outcomes for an Aging Population Macroeconomics Annual Measuring the Clinical and Economic Outcomes Associated with Delivery Systems Oregon Health Insurance Experiment Retirement and Disability Research Center The Roybal Center for Behavior Change in Health Science of Science Funding Training Program in Aging and Health Economics Transportation Economics in the 21st Century Conferences Affiliated Scholars NBER News EXPLORE NBER News Research in the News Nobel Laureates Featured Working Papers Archive Career Resources EXPLORE Career Resources RA Positions – at NBER RA Positions – not at the NBER Staff Positions at NBER Calls for Fellowship Applications Current Fellowship Recipients PhD Candidates in Economics About EXPLORE About Leadership & Governance Support & Funding History Standards of Conduct Privacy Policy Diversity Policy Accessibility Policy Staff Subscribe Media Open Calls Summer Institute 2024 Search National Bureau of Economic Research Conducting and disseminating nonpartisan economic research Business Cycle Dating InformationNew This Week / Working Papers Latest from the NBER A research summary from the monthly NBER Digest War Bonds, Postwar Inflation, and Voter Sentiment article During World War II, the US government, under Democratic Party leadership, encouraged citizens to invest in savings bonds, and over 85 million Americans subscribed. But high post-war inflation diminished the value of these bonds. The Republican Party criticized Democrats for the poor returns earned by bondholders. Running on a platform that promised to control inflation, the Republicans won the presidency in 1952, ending two decades of Democratic dominance. In Inflation, War Bonds, and the Rise of Republicans in the 1950s (NBER Working Paper 31969), researchers Gillian Brunet, Eric Hilt, and Matthew S. Jaremski examine how ownership of war bonds affected the presidential elections of the 1950s.In May 1941, the federal government began selling “E bonds” to finance WWII. Bond drives supported by celebrities, government officials, and civil society organizations boosted sales, as did major events like the bombing of Pearl Harbor ... From the NBER Reporter: Research, program, and conference summaries Disease and Economic Surveillance during the COVID-19 Pandemic article Policymaking during a novel pandemic requires information about the spread and impact of infection or about the impact of nonpharmaceutical and pharmaceutical interventions. This is also critical for scientific understanding, whether one is developing models of the disease, the economy, or both. However, because the contagion is novel, we may not know what to measure before the event, and our existing data-gathering infrastructure may be lacking. We have to quickly adapt our surveillance, analysis, and models as we learn more about the threat. This adaptation was on display during the COVID-19 pandemic. I illustrate this with a series of papers that responded to questions from policymakers and were written with coauthors who sacrificed their regular research to assist with the pandemic response. These papers estimated… From the NBER Bulletin on Retirement and Disability Social Security and Retirement around the World article Over the past 25 years, labor force participation at older ages has increased dramatically. In the 12 countries that are part of the NBER’s International Social Security (ISS) project, participation among those aged 60 to 64 has risen by an average of over 20 percentage points for men and over 25 percentage points for women.In The Effects of Reforms on Retirement Behavior: Introduction and Summary (NBER Working Paper 31979), authors Axel Börsch-Supan and Courtney Coile report on the most recent work of the ISS project. The current analysis builds on previous project phases which showed that changes in health and education could… From the NBER Bulletin on Health Broadband Internet Access Improves Health Outcomes for Medicare Patients article Access to a high-speed internet connection provides patients with a low-cost means of collecting information related to medical decisions and the quality of medical care providers. In Broadband Internet Access and Health Outcomes: Patient and Provider Responses in Medicare (NBER Working Paper 31579), Jessica Van Parys and Zach Y. Brown link information on broadband availability by ZIP code from the Federal Communications Commission to Medicare claims data from 1999 to 2008. They analyze the effect of high-speed internet access on health outcomes and provider choices for Medicare beneficiaries who are undergoing common procedures.… From the NBER Bulletin on Entrepreneurship C-Suite Differences: Public versus Privately Held Firms article Private equity (PE) firms’ business model is to acquire privately held companies, to change their strategy and operations with the goal of improving profitability and growth, and ultimately to sell the companies for a profit. The senior management team is replaced at a majority of private equity acquisitions. More than 40 percent of PE firms report that this is a key way to improve their acquisitions’ success. In The Market for CEOs: Evidence from Private Equity (NBER Working Paper 30899), Paul Gompers, Steven Kaplan, and Vladimir Mukharlyamov compare the characteristics of CEOs installed by PE firms to the characteristics of those who become... Featured Working Papers Altruism in Medical Decision Making March 5, 2024 In a comparison of the behavior of profit-motivated and altruistic providers of malaria treatment in Kenya, Paul Gertler and Ada Kwan find that the rate of false positive malaria test results is 30 percentage points higher for the former group. Profit- motivated providers also sell more unnecessary antimalarial drugs. Data, Privacy Laws and Firm Production: Evidence from the GDPR March 4, 2024 In response to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, EU firms became less data intensive, decreasing their data storage by 26 percent and their data processing by 15 percent relative to comparable US firms, according to research by Mert Demirer, Diego J. Jiménez Hernández, Dean Li, and Sida Peng. Effects of Certificate of Need Laws March 1, 2024 Jill Horwitz, Austin Nichols, Carrie H. Colla, and David M. Cutler find that Certificate of Need (CON) laws that apply to magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computed tomography (CT) machines reduce the number of low-value uses of these technologies but largely leave high-value care unaffected. What Drives U.S. Import Price Inflation? February 29, 2024 For the first two years of the COVID-19 pandemic, movements in aggregate US import prices were largely explained by fluctuations in a global index of import prices, but after late 2022, idiosyncratic US demand shocks accounted for a larger share of the variation, according to Mary Amiti, Oleg Itskhoki, and David Weinstein. Declining Firm Labor Demand Elasticity February 28, 2024 The responsiveness of firms’ labor demand to variations in profitable opportunities declined between the 1980s and the 2000s, Russell Cooper, John C. Haltiwanger, and Jonathan Willis find, largely as a result of increased costs of employment adjustment. View all In the News Recent citations of NBER research in the media _______________________________________ Labor Market Models Paint an Incomplete Picture March 4, 2024 Source: International Monetary Fund Read the research here and here. IRS reform has arrived: How new funding is fast-tracking progress March 1, 2024 Source: The Hill Read the research here. Or a non-technical summary here. 'Cost of money' explains depressed US consumers - NBER research March 1, 2024 Source: Central Banking Read the research here. High Mortgage Rates Leave Biden Searching for Housing Relief March 1, 2024 Source: The New York Times Read the research here. A call for banking reform: New report on banking regulation March 1, 2024 Source: CNBC Read the research here. View all Research Projects Social Media Interventions to Address Substance Abuse Issues in the Indian State of Punjab Project Nudging Patients to Increase Shingles Vaccination Project Optimizing Interventions by Baseline Motivation to Close Care Gaps Project EAGER: Place-Based Innovation Policy Study Group (Supplement) Project Structural Barriers to Receipt of Income Support and Health Insurance among Adults with Disabilities Project More NBER Research Projects Conferences Competition in the U.S. Agricultural Sector, Fall 2024 Conference Organizer(s): James MacDonald & Fiona Scott Morton Household Finance, Fall 2024 Conference Economics of Education Program Meeting, Fall 2024 Conference Organizer(s): Caroline M. Hoxby Economics of Talent Meeting, Fall 2024 Conference Organizer(s): Ruchir Agarwal, Glenn Ellison & Patrick Gaulé Economics of Mobility, Fall 2024 Conference Organizer(s): Sandra E. Black & Jesse Rothstein Explore Conferences Books & ChaptersThrough a partnership with the University of Chicago Press, the NBER publishes the proceedings of four annual conferences as well as other research studies associated with NBER-based research projects. NBER International Seminar on Macroeconomics 2023 Book New Directions in Market Design Book Tax Policy and the Economy, Volume 38 Book NBER International Seminar on Macroeconomics 2022 Book Social Security Programs and Retirement around the World: The Effects of Reforms on Retirement Behavior Book Explore Books & Chapters Research SpotlightsNBER researchers discuss their work on subjects of wide interest to economists, policymakers, and the general public. Recordings of more-detailed presentations, keynote addresses, and panel discussions at NBER conferences are available on the Lectures page. 2023, Florian Ederer, "Anonymity and Identity Online: An Empirical Study" Research Spotlight An investigation of the role of anonymity in online communication and social media posting. ... 2023, Conrad Miller, "When Work Moves Job Suburbanization and Black Employment" Research Spotlight In recognition of Black History Month, Research Associate Conrad Miller of the University of California, Berkeley,... 2023, Trevon Logan, "Whitelashing: Black Politicians, Taxes, and Violence" Research Spotlight In recognition of Black History Month, Research Associate Trevon Logan of The Ohio State University, who directs the... 2023, David Culter and Nancy Beaulieu, "Organization and Performance of US Health Systems" Research Spotlight A growing fraction of US medical care is delivered through integrated healthcare systems that include many medical... 2016, Long-Term Asset Management Interview, Joseph J. Gerakos Research Spotlight Explore Research Spotlights Sign-Up for New This Week: The Weekly Announcement of New NBER Working Papers Manage your email preferences Learn More about NBER Research Activities Explore research programs Follow National Bureau of Economic Research Contact Us 1050 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02138617-868-3900info@nber.orgwebaccessibility@nber.org Top of page figure uses data from the FRED® API but is not endorsed or certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Homepage © 2024 National Bureau of Economic Research. All Rights Reserved.