Fast, Secure & Anonymous VPN service | CyberGhost VPN Your IP Your Status en English Čeština Dansk Deutsch Español Finnish Français Indonesian Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Pусский Română Svenska Türkçe Vietnamese Ελληνικά 日本語 简体中文 한국어 What Is VPN VPN Features Stream Sports Access Content Gaming VPN VPN Free Trial Dedicated IP No Logs VPN Download VPN Windows VPN Mac VPN iOS VPN Android VPN Chrome VPN Router VPN Smart TV VPN Windows Security Suite VPN Servers USA VPN Australia VPN Canada VPN UK VPN France VPN Germany VPN Spain VPN Pricing Privacy Hub Help en English Čeština Dansk Deutsch Español Finnish Français Indonesian Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Pусский Română Svenska Türkçe Vietnamese Ελληνικά 日本語 简体中文 한국어 My Account Get OFF What Is VPN VPN Features Stream Sports Access Content Gaming VPN VPN Free Trial Dedicated IP No Logs VPN Download VPN Windows VPN Mac VPN iOS VPN Android VPN Chrome VPN Router VPN Smart TV VPN Windows Security Suite VPN Servers USA VPN Australia VPN Canada VPN UK VPN France VPN Germany VPN Spain VPN Pricing Privacy Hub Help Get OFF My Account English Čeština Dansk Deutsch Español Finnish Français Indonesian Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Pусский Română Svenska Türkçe Vietnamese Ελληνικά 日本語 简体中文 한국어 Some Things Are Best Kept Private Enjoy 2 Years of Unrivalled Anonymity for Only /mo Get It Now | Off 45-Day Money-Back Guarantee -{DISCOUNT_PLACEHOLDER}% Supported on: {"buttons":{},"itemsPerRow":12,"isSortable":false,"boxType":false,"elemId":"section-zONyLMoMkR","editMode":false} Best VPN Service for Privacy & Anonymity Keep your internet activity hidden from anyone watching. This includes your ISP, hackers, advertisers, and the government. CyberGhost VPN encrypts your online traffic and hides your real IP address, whether you’re streaming, gaming, shopping, banking, or simply browsing. Keep your identity and your real location hidden. Get CyberGhost VPN Complete Privacy on All Devices Connect up to 7 devices at once with just 1 subscription. Simply download our easy-to-use app for Windows, macOS, Android, iOS, and Linux. You can even configure CyberGhost VPN with your router, Smart TV, Amazon Fire TV Stick, or game console. Enjoy nonstop VPN protection wherever you go. No Logs Policy We never track, share, or sell your data. Our Romania HQ also protects you with strong privacy laws. Strong Encryption Hide your location and scramble your internet traffic with industry-leading 256-bit AES encryption. Large Server Fleet Access your favorite content with our global servers across America, Europe, Africa, and Asia. Fast Speeds Stream live sports, watch movies, and play online games with blazing-fast speeds. Money-Back Guarantee Get a hassle-free refund within 45 days if you’re not 100% satisfied. No questions asked. 24/7 Support Get in touch anytime over live chat or email. We guarantee a fast response in multiple languages. Get CyberGhost VPN CyberGhost VPN:The One-Click Solution for All Your Privacy Needs See More Features See What Our Satisfied Users Think About Us They are on top of everything going on in the VPN world. Here is what experts and happy users (Ghosties) think of CyberGhost VPN. Head over to Trustpilot to see all user reviews.. See All Positive Reviews {"trustpilotBtnText":"Ghosties","techReviewsBtnText":"Experts","containerType":"vertical"}ExpertsGhosties Choose the plan that works for you 1 Month $12.99/mo Billed $12.99 every month Get 1 month plan 14-day money-back guarantee IMPORTANT! The 26 MONTH plan includes the biggest savings and is fully refundable for 45 days. Save 83% 2 Years 2 Years + 2 Months $2.19/mo Billed $56.94 first 2 years and yearly thereafter Get 26 month plan 45-day money-back guarantee Smart Choice! This deal offers the biggest savings and is fully refundable for 45 days! 6 Months $6.99/mo Billed $41.94 every 6 months Get 6 month plan 45-day money-back guarantee IMPORTANT! The 26 MONTH plan includes the biggest savings and is fully refundable for 45 days. *All amounts shown are in US Dollars All you need from a truly complete VPN solution VPN servers in 100 countries worldwide AES 256-bit encryption DNS and IP leak protection Automatic kill switch OpenVPN, IKEv2, WireGuard® protocols Strict No Logs Policy Unlimited bandwidth and traffic Highest possible VPN speeds Up to 7 devices protected simultaneously Apps for Windows, macOS, Android, iOS & more 24/7 live Customer Support service 45-day money back guarantee Up to 7 devices protected simultaneously Apps for Windows, macOS, Android, iOS & more 24/7 live Customer Support service 45-day money back guarantee Over 6800 VPN servers worldwide AES 256-bit encryption Download a VPN for All Your Devices Now! Download VPN app on every device. Enjoy advanced security and privacy no matter where you are. Need to protect all gadgets in your household? Set up our VPN directly on your router to secure your Smart TV, game console, and IoT devices. If you need a VPN for Chrome and Firefox, we have that too! Install our lightweight proxy extensions and start surfing with peace of mind. If your device doesn’t natively support VPNs, use our Smart DNS feature and stream your favorite shows. Supported on: {"buttons":{},"itemsPerRow":12,"isSortable":false,"boxType":false,"elemId":"section-fPzAoPgfZk","editMode":false} What Is a VPN? A VPN, meaning a virtual private network, creates a secure tunnel between your device and the internet. A VPN service encrypts your traffic, protects your digital privacy by masking your IP address, and helps you stay safe on public Wi-Fi networks. No one likes snooping, tracking, and censorship. That’s why it’s important to use a VPN every time you go online. Encryption prevents governments, advertisers, ISPs, and cybercriminals from collecting and sharing your personal data. Consider a VPN the definition of an easy-to-use encryption tool designed to safeguard your digital identity. Superior VPN Network Is your VPN equipped with the best configuration to enjoy blazing-fast speeds and maximum security? If not, it’s time to switch teams. A reliable VPN architecture includes top-notch hardware, server infrastructure, and protocols. CyberGhost VPN has invested in the latest hardware, and employs best-in-class VPN protocols: WireGuard®, OpenVPN, and IKEv2. Go for the lightweight WireGuard® protocol to surf the internet at full speed and rely on OpenVPN for pesky network restrictions. IKEv2, which is based on the IP Security Architecture (IPSec) open framework, also gives you reliable, fast connections. Switch between our protocols to suit your needs. Our 10 Gbps servers can easily handle 4K streaming without buffering or lag. All servers have unlimited bandwidth as we never impose caps on your connection. How Does a VPN Work A VPN works by masking your IP address and rerouting your internet traffic through an encrypted tunnel. To understand how a VPN works in your favor, first check what happens if you go online without one. What happens if you don’t use a VPN? Without a VPN, your IP address and internet traffic are visible to anyone interested in snooping on your personal information. Your ISP records your online activity and may sell it to the highest bidder. Cybercriminals can easily steal your passwords, usernames, and financial transactions on public Wi-Fi. Your internet freedom is also under attack when dealing with censorship and network blocks. System administrators can deny access to your favorite services (e.g. YouTube, Facebook, Instagram). What happens if you use a VPN? With a VPN, your IP address changes which helps keep you more anonymous. Your internet data is protected with strong encryption as soon as you connect to a VPN server. Your online traffic goes through a secure, private tunnel that no one can access. Not even your ISP, cyber attackers, government authorities, or network administrators. This leaves you free to experience the internet as it’s meant to be — without restrictions. Get CyberGhost VPN 6 Benefits of Using a VPN Safeguard Your Privacy When you use a VPN, websites and apps can’t track you across the internet. VPNs use encryption to prevent snoopers from eavesdropping on you. Change Your Virtual Location Your IP address uniquely identifies you. Using a VPN lets you change your IP, and makes it harder for others to pinpoint your real location. Public Wi-Fi Protection When you connect to public Wi-Fi, cybercriminals can easily intercept your personal data. CyberGhost VPN is your best choice to protect yourself from digital threats. Decrease Gaming Lag Using a gaming VPN online helps you minimize lag, lower ping, and boost connectivity. It protects you from DDoS attacks by concealing your IP address. Stop ISP Throttling ISPs often deliberately slow down your speeds when you’re streaming during peak hours. Using a VPN helps you put an end to ISP content-based throttling. Shop the Best Deals Some online stores show you higher prices based on your IP address. Save money on cheaper flights, hotels, rentals, and other online services with CyberGhost VPN. Get CyberGhost VPN Are VPNs Legal? VPNs are legal in most parts of the world. Individual people, governments, and corporations use VPNs to protect sensitive information and prevent cyber attacks. However, in countries with highly restrictive internet laws, you might only be allowed to use government-approved VPNs. It's always best to check local laws and regulations before traveling to a new country. Note: We disallow using CyberGhost VPN to break the law. Illegal activity is still illegal, even if you’re under the protection of a VPN. How to Choose the Best VPN for Yourself When choosing the best VPN, consider the following factors: Blazing Speaeds CyberGhost VPN stands out from the crowd with its ultra-fast servers located in 100 countries and unlimited bandwidth. Travel to any digital location with just one click and enjoy the best speeds. Powerful Online Security Safeguard your digital life with CyberGhost’s advanced security features. Encrypt your internet traffic with top-class 256-bit AES VPN encryption. Our DNS leak protection and Kill Switch features ensure your data never leaks. VPN Service without Logs Regain your digital privacy with the best No Logs VPN. CyberGhost VPN has a strict No Logs policy. We don’t track, store, or sell your information. Our systems have also been independently audited by Deloitte. Split Tunneling Split tunneling is a feature that lets you choose which apps and websites need VPN protection and which remain without encryption. Use CyberGhost’s split tunneling to secure only the internet traffic you want. Dedicated IP A dedicated IP is a unique IP address that belongs exclusively to you. Include a dedicated IP add-on to your CyberGhost subscription to securely access IP-restricted networks and bypass blocklists. VPN Cost CyberGhost is a premium VPN service with an unbeatable combination of state-of-the-art security and privacy features that can be bought for a low price. Try it risk-free with our 45-day money-back guarantee. Get CyberGhost VPN Can I Use a Free VPN? Free VPNs impose limits on your bandwidth, resulting in slow speeds, endless buffering, and connection errors. They also have very few servers, so you might not even be able to connect to your chosen location. Free VPNs lack robust security settings, which puts your online data at risk. There’s also no support team to assist with troubleshooting. Without a VPN, your IP address and internet traffic are visible to anyone interested in snooping on your personal information, including your ISP. This can include your browsing history, IP address, and other identifying information. Free VPNs may monetize your internet traffic by injecting targeted ads and spam into your browser, some of which can infect your device with malware. A premium paid VPN service like CyberGhost gives you lighting-fast server connections, without any bandwidth caps. It secures all your internet traffic with strong encryption. It also has a 24/7 Customer Support team available via live chat and email. FAQ Does a VPN make you anonymous? No VPN service can make you 100% anonymous online. In fact, there’s no software application that can guarantee such a thing. CyberGhost VPN helps you browse the web with increased privacy, security, and anonymity. It prevents trackers from logging your IP address and snoopers from gathering details about your digital identity. If you look for extra privacy and security, you should use a VPN. You can even pay anonymously for CyberGhost VPN using Bitcoin via BitPay. The only information you need to provide is an email address. This means, you never have to give up any personally identifiable information. What does it mean to be a No Logs VPN? A No Logs VPN means that a VPN service doesn’t keep usage logs. In other words, your virtual private network provider doesn’t log any information transmitted through the network. CyberGhost VPN has a strict No Logs policy, ensuring we don’t track, store, or give away any information on your online activity. We also underwent an independent audit. Professionals from Deloitte inspected our VPN servers and management systems, and concluded that we store no user data. Go for a VPN that operates in jurisdictions without compulsory data retention laws. CyberGhost VPN is headquartered in Romania, a country with strong privacy laws. Does a VPN slow down my internet connection? A VPN can slow down your internet connection because your internet traffic is routed through a remote VPN server and encrypted. However, CyberGhost VPN is engineered to mitigate speed loss. We have ultra-fast servers in 100 countries, and provide unlimited bandwidth. Connect to next-gen 10 Gbps servers in all our most popular locations and enjoy speedy, reliable protocols like WireGuard®, OpenVPN, and IKEv2. What is the average cost of a VPN? On average, VPNs cost about $10 per month, but the prices may vary as much as $20 and as little as $3 per month. If you commit to a yearly VPN subscription, you can reap the rewards of bigger discounts. Some VPNs allow you to try the service for free. CyberGhost VPN lets you test the full-featured version of the VPN without any limitations. Enjoy a 24-hour free trial for Windows and macOS, 3-day free trial for Android, and 7-day free trial for iOS. Our 45-day money-back guarantee also gives you plenty of time to test our VPN service risk-free. Can I be tracked using a VPN? There is no way to track encrypted VPN traffic. As soon as you connect to a VPN server, your online traffic is routed through an encrypted tunnel that no one has access to. Not even your ISP, government agencies, trackers, or cybercriminals. Your IP address also remains concealed from prying eyes. That said, keep in mind that no VPN service can help you become completely anonymous and untraceable online. Think about how many details you enter when you create an online account. Some websites ask for your name, address, gender, date of birth, and payment information. Should I always leave my VPN on? Yes, you should leave your VPN on at all times to protect yourself against snooping and bypass censorship. A VPN service works in the background without affecting other applications you work with. Always keep your VPN on to surf safely on public Wi-Fi, thwart cyber attacks, prevent your ISP from monetizing your internet traffic, and securely access websites censored in parts of the world. Can I use a VPN on any device? Yes, you can use a VPN on any device to stay safe and private every time you go online. Just ensure your VPN provider offers apps compatible with all your favorite devices. When you subscribe to CyberGhost VPN, all your devices can use a VPN: iPhones, Android phones, Windows and Mac laptops, games consoles, and Smart TVs. Just 1 CyberGhost subscription lets you connect up to 7 devices at once. If you need to cover all your home devices, simply put CyberGhost VPN on your router. How do I get a VPN on my Chromebook for school? You have three options to get CyberGhost VPN on your Chromebook: The first one requires you to download and install the CyberGhost VPN Android application from the Google Play store. This secures your entire internet traffic. For the second method, you need to install the CyberGhost Chrome extension on your web browser from the Google Chrome Web Store. This option only secures the internet traffic on the Chrome browser, and won’t safeguard your online activities outside it. The third choice has you setting up CyberGhost VPN on your router to protect all devices in your household, including your Chromebook. Exclusive 45-Day Money-Back Guarantee Not 100% satisfied with CyberGhost VPN? Contact us within 45 days of purchase and we will send you a full refund. Get CyberGhost Risk-Free {"styleType":"light","containerType":"horizontal"}5 Products VPN for PC VPN for Macbooks, Macs & iMacs VPN for iPhones & iPads VPN for Android Smartphones & tablets VPN for Google Chrome VPN for Firefox VPN for Fire Stick & TV VPN for Android TV VPN for Linux VPN for Smart TV VPN for Others VPN Proxy VPN for Router VPN for Xbox One / 360 VPN for PS4 VPN for Apple TV VPN for Samsung TV VPN for Roku VPN for Wii U Resources What is a VPN Free VPN vs Paid VPN Privacy Hub Transparency Report Privacy Tools Money-Back Guarantee Fastest VPN Cookie Cleaner DNS Leak Test Popular Black Friday VPN Deal Hide IP Netflix VPN VPN Servers CyberGhost VPN Reviews VPN Free Trial Download Now Stream Sports Unblock Websites Facebook VPN About CyberGhost About CyberGhost The Team Careers Contact Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Refer a friend T&C Imprint Programs Affiliates Refer a friend Freedom Vulnerability Disclosure Program Partnerships Support & Help Product Guides FAQs Contact Support Chat with us {"styleType":"default","containerType":"vertical"} Connect with us © 2024 CyberGhost S.R.L. × Time to Step up Your Digital Protection The 2-Year Plan Is Now Available for only /mo Save Now 45-Day Money-Back Guarantee