Fire Equipment Manufacturers Association | Fire Safety 216-241-7333 fema@femalifesafety.org fb fb li yt About▼About FEMABecome a MemberMembers▼All MembersAmerex CorporationAmerican Pacific HalotronBrooks EquipmentBuckeye Fire Equipment CompanyFire-End & CrokerJL IndustriesLarsen’s Mfg Co.Mercedes TextilesNorth American Fire HosePotter RoemerAdvocacyFire Equipment▼OVERVIEWFire Hose, Cabinets & ValvesPortable Fire ExtinguishersPre-Engineered Fire Suppression SystemsEducation▼EDUCATIONAL RESOURCESLayered Fire Protection PlanChain of SurvivalFire FactsInfographicsQuizzesVideosResourcesNews▼Latest NewsArticlesNewslettersPress ReleasesContact About About FEMA Become a Member Members All Members Amerex Corporation American Pacific Halotron Brooks Equipment Buckeye Fire Equipment Company Fire-End & Croker JL Industries Larsen’s Mfg Co. Mercedes Textiles North American Fire Hose Potter Roemer Advocacy Fire Equipment OVERVIEW Fire Hose, Cabinets & Valves Portable Fire Extinguishers Pre-Engineered Fire Suppression Systems Education EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES Layered Fire Protection Plan Chain of Survival Fire Facts Infographics Quizzes Videos Resources News Latest News Articles Newsletters Press Releases Contact Industry leaders dedicated to saving lives and protecting property About The Fire Equipment Manufacturers’ Association is led by industry experts with decades of fire protection experience, representing the top global brands in commercial fire protection. Committed to saving lives and protecting property, the association’s key initiatives include providing educational opportunities and collateral, advancing best industry standards and practices, and leading advocacy efforts to safeguard the public. Learn More Fire Facts The United States has the highest number of people killed by fires each year. Source: NFPA, Fire Loss in the United States During 2018, Ben Evarts A fire department responds to a fire somewhere in the United States every 24 seconds. Source: NFPA, Fire Loss in the United States During 2018, Ben Evarts In 2018, there were 3,655 civilian (non-firefighters) fire deaths and 15,200 civilian fire injuries. Source: NFPA, Fire Loss in the United States During 2018, Ben Evarts In the U.S., there was a civilian fire death every 144 minutes in 2018. Source: NFPA, Fire Loss in the United States During 2018, Ben Evarts $11.1 billion in property damage occurred in structure fires, including $8 billion in property loss in home fires in 2018. Source: NFPA, Fire Loss in the United States During 2018, Ben Evarts More Facts Fire Hose, Cabinets & Valves Standpipe and hose systems provide means for manual application of water to fires in buildings. Learn More Portable Fire Extinguishers Different fuels create different fires and require different types of fire extinguishing agents. Learn More Pre-Engineered Fire Suppression Systems Pre-engineered fire suppression systems provide fast, on-site protection at the earliest stage of a fire. Learn More Test Your Knowledge How prepared are you, your organization and building occupants for a fire emergency? Test your knowledge with our interactive quizzes and find out if you are ready with the proper precautions. See Quizzes About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Become a Member Current Members Advocacy Education Videos Quizzes Infographics Fire Equipment News Resources Fire Equipment Manufacturers’ Association 1300 Sumner Avenue Cleveland, OH 44115-2851 © 2024 | Fire Equipment Manufacturers’ Association. All rights reserved. Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept cookies Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Cookie Consent We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent