Conferences - O'Reilly Media Skip to main content Sign In Try Now O’Reilly Platform Teams For business For government For higher ed Individuals Features All features Courses Certifications Interactive learning Live events Answers Insights reporting Blog Content sponsorship Close Search Transforming our in-person events to online We’ve made the very difficult decision to cancel all future O’Reilly in-person conferences. Instead, we’ll continue to invest in and grow O’Reilly online learning, supporting the 5,000 companies and 2.5 million people who count on our experts to help them stay ahead in all facets of business and technology. Come join them and learn what they already know. Become an O’Reilly online learning member today and get innovative ways to connect with and learn from each other. Even when face-to-face gatherings are impossible. Join us on O’Reilly online learning for 10 days. Free. Get insight into what’s happening now. Develop skills to stay ahead of what’s next. Try it free Topic-focused events with no boarding pass required The 2020 O’Reilly Strata Data & AI Superstream online event gave more than 4,600 participants new insights and skills over two days of live sessions and interactive tutorials. It was our most attended online event ever. More like it are coming. Live online training with today’s top experts Get in the virtual classroom for live training courses on today’s hottest technologies—often by the people who had a hand in creating them. Hit them up with questions along the way. Class sizes are limited to keep the learning more personal. Interactive learning scenarios and sandboxes There’s no better way to learn Kubernetes, Docker, Python, Bash, and more than just diving in and using it. Now you can, with guided interactive scenarios in a live dev environment you can access through your browser. Or get into a sandbox with a technology and write, run, or edit code to really understand how it works. Expert playlists to guide you through nearly any topic For over 40 years, O’Reilly experts have kept our clients ahead of the tech curve. They’ve handpicked the exact content that’s best for you to learn about nearly any technology or business approach. So you can follow along step-by-step, whether you’re just getting started or you’re already an expert. Get on a faster path to certifications Certifications are hands down the best way to prove your proficiency. Get direct paths to the official prep materials plus practice exams to become an AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Microsoft Azure Administrator, and more. Dive into tons of new content We’re always adding new books, case studies, videos, early release titles, resource centers, and so much more. And it’s all available through our handy O’Reilly app. So you can learn from experts on your own time, wherever you are. Join us on O’Reilly online learning for 10 days. Free. Get insight into what’s happening now. Develop skills to stay ahead of what’s next. Try it free New ways for sponsors to make connections If you were looking to sponsor an O’Reilly event for lead generation, we’ve put together some great solutions to help drive revenue—no costly expo booth required. See how About O’Reilly Teach/write/train Careers Press releases Media coverage Community partners Affiliate program Submit an RFP Diversity O’Reilly for marketers Support Contact us Newsletters Privacy policy linkedin-logo youtube-logo International Australia & New Zealand Hong Kong & Taiwan India Indonesia Japan Download the O’Reilly App Take O’Reilly with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet. Watch on your big screen View all O’Reilly videos, Superstream events, and Meet the Expert sessions on your home TV. Do not sell or share my personal information © 2024, O’Reilly Media, Inc. All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners. Terms of service • Privacy policy • Editorial independence • Modern Slavery Act Statement