Continuous Integration and Delivery - CircleCI New Deploy your models with CircleCI and Amazon SageMaker. Learn more Close banner Build anything fast. The CI/CD platform for the AI future. Start for free. Scale without limits. Start Building for Free Watch a Demo 70% faster on average than competitors 6,000 free build minutes per month 50% lower infrastructure cost (Forrester) Google logo Airbnb logo Okta logo Hugging Face logo Hinge Logo Hinge logo View case studies Take control of the change happening all around you Explore the platform ✓ Industry-leading speed ✓ The foundation for delivery at scale ✓ Confidence in every commit ✓ The power to create without limits Industry-leading speed As soon as you think it, you can deliver it. Your time is too important to waste. No other CI/CD platform takes performance as seriously as we do. Your pipelines should accelerate your business, not slow you down. The foundation for delivery at scale Your CI/CD process is the heartbeat of your engineering organization. With CircleCI, teams are never limited in their ability to grow and innovate. Our experts are here to guide and support you every step of the way. Confidence in every commit Take control of your code and manage every source of change. CircleCI means change validation, at every step. Trust that you can release updates right when your customers need them, with the certainty they’ll work every time. The power to create without limits Code in every language and across multiple execution environments. If you can write it, we can build, test, and deploy it. With flexible environments and thousands of pre-built integrations, your pipelines never limit the possibility of what you can deliver. Your toolchain, your choice CircleCI connects with services you already use like AWS, Slack, and Atlassian. Build on GitLab, GitHub, and Bitbucket. View All Integrations Accelerating engineering teams, with the control ambitious businesses require Security Unmatched security We’re the only CI/CD platform that’s FedRAMP certified and SOC 2 Type II compliant. Built-in features like audit logs, OpenID Connect, third-party secrets management, and LDAP give you complete control of your code. Learn about CircleCI security Integrations Extensible and powerful CircleCI makes it easy to connect all of your favorite tools to build the way you want. Use our API or choose from hundreds of orbs — packages of reusable configuration — to bring in your preferred integrations. Explore orbs Support Premium support from DevOps professionals Our team of global, 24/7/365 support engineers will architect a solution with you — from proof of concept to success across your organization. Contact us Compliance and authorizations We partner with the top security organizations to ensure that your projects are built, deployed, and maintained securely. Trusted by leading companies to deploy code with confidence Dollar Shave Club logo “CircleCI is one of those tools that silently chugs along in your stack doing some serious heavy-lifting while staying out of your way. That’s what you want in your unit testing infrastructure - something to get the job done with zero maintenance overhead.” Jason Bosco VP of Engineering at Dollar Shave Club Nextdoor logo “Switching to CircleCI has allowed our engineers to build and release mobile and web projects with far greater simplicity, speed and performance.” Matt Wise Senior Systems Architect at Nextdoor HealthLabs.com logo “Our time is money. Investing in CircleCI gives us time for more important projects.” Donald Tyler DevOps Technical Lead at HealthLabs.com Avvo logo “With CircleCI, we have probably saved $75-300K in maintenance on Jenkins. We’ve also had fewer headaches and shipping is easy.” Seth Ringling Developer at Avvo Previous use case Next use case Building AI projects? Iterate quickly and deploy safely with CircleCI AI adoption for software: a guide to learning, tool selection, and delivery Learn how to go from exploring AI to shipping AI features into production. CI for machine learning: Build, test, train Set up a continuous delivery pipeline for your ML model, including automating deployment and monitoring and retraining your ML system. Automating and scaling machine learning workflows with CI/CD Learn about the challenges ML teams face and how you can use CI/CD to solve them. Build with the best Your time isn’t free, but your 6,000 build minutes on CircleCI are. Start Building for Free Talk to Sales NEW You chose CircleCI. Tell the world why. Submit a Gartner Peer Insights review today. Write a review Close banner PREVIEW View and manage your releases from a single dashboard Gain immediate visibility into org wide releases; no infra access required. Learn more New Expanded support for AI-enabled applications New resource classes, model deployment, custom triggers along with tips for testing your LLMs in the CI. Learn more New Monitor soft fails from your config policies Improved visibility of config policies for all your organization with soft fails notification by pipeline in your dashboard. Review changelog New Machine Runner 3.0 released Enabling faster feature enhancements, improved usability, and easier setup. Check our documentation to upgrade. Learn more Changelog Keep up with the latest releases Go to our changelog March 04, 2024 Runner Release 3.0.19 March 01, 2024 Fixed bug when using multiple configuration files March 01, 2024 Experimental Context Restriction API Change February 29, 2024 Fixed bug for creating new triggers February 28, 2024 Increased in-app tooltip text size and line height Product Roadmap Discover what's around the corner in CircleCI's product roadmap. Our teams are working on exciting new features to help you ship faster and securely. Check out CircleCI’s roadmap Key milestones A look back at CircleCI’s key milestones, from our marquee releases to press moments, and everything in between. View CircleCI’s milestones Product Overview Pricing Enterprise Security Developer Documentation Changelog Server Changelog Self-Hosted Runner Changelog Support Get Support CircleCI Discuss Company About Us Careers Contact Us Newsroom CircleCI Brand Getting Started Build for Free What is CI? How to Get Started on CircleCI Migrate from Jenkins to CircleCI © 2024 Circle Internet Services, Inc. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Twitter GitHub Twitch LinkedIn