NHS England Skip to main content Cookies on the NHS England website We’ve put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We’d also like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We’ll use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about our cookies before you choose. Change my preferences I'm OK with analytics cookies Home News Publications Statistics Blogs Events Contact us Search Search Menu About us Our work Commissioning Get involved Coronavirus We lead the NHS in England to deliver high quality services for all If you are looking for information about health conditions and NHS services please visit NHS.uk. My Planned Care gives you advice and support while you wait and helps you to prepare for your hospital consultation, treatment, or surgery. NHS Dental Recovery Plan New plans to recover and reform NHS dentistry will improve patient access to NHS dental care and support dental services to return to pre-pandemic levels of activity. The plans include a range of public health initiatives to improve the oral health of children and recommit to the workforce growth and development outlined in the Long Term Workforce Plan. NHS Long Term Workforce Plan The first comprehensive workforce plan for the NHS, putting staffing on a sustainable footing and improving patient care. It focuses on retaining existing talent and making the best use of new technology alongside the biggest recruitment drive in health service history. Primary care access plan Our primary care plan sets out ambitions for general practices and primary care networks that will improve access to care and tackle the “8am rush”. NHS Long Term Plan Find out about the NHS Long Term Plan and what it means for patients and the public. Health inequalities improvement Tackling health inequalities and advancing equality and diversity across the NHS. Elective recovery Taking the opportunity to capitalise on current success and embed new ideas. Workforce Making the NHS an employer of excellence by investing in our people. Mental health Improving outcomes and experiences of people with mental health problems. Integrated care Giving people the support they need and removing disjointed care. Urgent and emergency care Ensuring patients get the right care whenever they need it. Primary care Offering patients a wider choice of personalised health services. Cancer Making sure everyone with cancer receives care, support and treatment. Digital transformation Helping health and care professionals communicate better. NHS IMPACT The new, single, shared NHS improvement approach. NHS @home Providing better connected, more personalised care in homes and care homes. News and blogs NHS rolls out new immunotherapy for hundreds of women with advanced endometrial cancer 5 March 2024 Cancer The NHS will roll out a new immunotherapy that could offer women with advanced endometrial cancer significant extra time before their disease progresses, compared with standard chemotherapy alone. Trials have shown that adding dostarlimab (Jemperli) to chemotherapy can slow the spread of certain forms of endometrial cancer, giving patients the hope of more time to […] Scaling up a population health management approach using digital technology 4 March 2024 Dr Dan Bunstone General practiceIntegrated carePrimary care NHS publishes data following junior doctors strike 1 March 2024 Workforce See all blog posts See all news Terms and conditions Privacy and cookies Social media and comment moderation Website feedback Accessibility statement Open Government Licence v3.0 Sign up to our email bulletins Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Find us on Instagram Visit us on LinkedIn Watch videos on YouTube All RSS