MIDI.org – Expanding, promoting, and protecting MIDI technology for the benefit of artists and musicians around the world. Skip to main content Specs Membership Forum Events Blog About Get Involved Sign Up Login Specs Membership Forum Events Blog About Get Involved Sign Up Login The Power of MIDI 2.0 Expanding, promoting, and protecting MIDI technology for the benefit of artists and musicians around the world. Join Us We inspire innovation What WE Do We are an all-volunteer, nonprofit trade association whose mission is to make it easier for everyone to create music and art digitally. We nurture a global community of creative people who share a passion for music, art and innovation. About MIDI.org They Make it all happen Corporate Members View Member Companies Join as a Corporate Member MIDI 2.0 Inspires Innovation MIDI Association Event List, MIDI Innovation Awards, MIDI News MIDI Innovation Awards Livestream Sept, 16, 2023 The 2023 MIDI Innovation Awards live stream event took place on 16 September 2023 at 10 am Pacific, 1 pm Eastern and 5 pm GMT. The live stream was hosted […] Artists, MIDI Association Event List, MIDI News Stevie Wonder visits the MIDI Association at CES 2024 We had a special guest at our CES 2024 booth. MIDI Association Event List, MIDI News, MIDI Stories Music China 2023 Show Report Music China is back after three years During the pandemic, Music China and The MIDI Association worked closely together to keep information and news about MIDI and MIDI products available in […] MIDI Association Event List, MIDI Innovation Awards, MIDI News MIDI Innovation Awards Livestream Sept, 16, 2023 The 2023 MIDI Innovation Awards live stream event took place on 16 September 2023 at 10 am Pacific, 1 pm Eastern and 5 pm GMT. The live stream was hosted […] MIDI Highlights Check out the latest MIDI stories and newest MIDI products. View More MIDI Stories Make Music Accessible for everyone The Music Accessibility Standard Juho Tomanien is a student from Finland who had a vision for a Music Accessibility Standard. Just because you are blind, doesn’t mean that you can’t have a vision. Just consider the amazing Stevie Wonder whose Inner Visions album is considered one of the greatest records of all time. And there are so many more talented artists who only need access. Read Juho’s MIDI Story View All Stories Creating a free MIDI Curriculum MIDI IN Music Education Lee Whitmore, Focusrite’s VP of Education has been passionate about music education his whole life. From his tenure at Berklee to his leadership at the Grammy Music Education Coalition and now chairing our Music Education Special Interest group working with SAE Latin America to create a Creative Commons curriculum for MIDI. Read Lee’s MIDI Story View All Stories Get Involved Donate Your tax deductible donations to The MIDI Fund support MIDI In Music Education and Music Accessibility. Contribute to our Forum Tell your MIDI stories or get your MIDI questions answered on our community forum. Volunteer with MIDI.org Write a blog post, join a special interest group or share your ideas, there are many ways to make the world a more creative place. Join Us Sign up for our newsletters to stay informed about the latest updates in the world of MIDI, Join Us Sign up here About the MIDI AssociationMIDI Association IP PolicyMIDI Association Anti-Trust PolicyMIDI Logo LicensingMedia Enquiries Privacy Policy | Terms of Use ©2024