Public Citizen - Protecting Health, Safety, and Democracy Public Citizen Skip to navigation [n] Skip to content [c] Skip to footer [f] Menu About Us Victories News Search Get Updates Close JOIN THE MOVEMENT Act Donate Donate Donate Join/Renew Giving Through Your Will Gift of Stocks or Mutual Funds Tax-Deductible Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Gifts From Your Retirement Account Life Insurance Donations Close What are you looking for? Search Protecting Democracy [1] American democracy is in jeopardy, from the disastrous Citizens United ruling that flooded our politics with corporate cash to the immoral assault on voting rights. We work every day to defend against these threats and advance bold reforms. Tell Congress: Pass the Protecting Our Democracy Act Add Your Name Generative Artificial Intelligence and Threats to Democracy Protecting Elected Officials from Threats Making Government Work [2] The U.S. government should work for the public, not corporations or industry. It should safeguard consumers, workers and the environment, and be funded well enough to do so. The budget process must not be obstructed by partisanship. Get Corporate Money Out of Politics Sign the Petition It’s Time to Cut the Bloated Pentagon Budget to Fund People, Not Military Contractors Ensuring Public Money Does Not Go To Private Equity Consumer & Worker Safeguards [3] Every day, Big Banks, Big Polluters, and Big Tech companies are threatening our economy, our environment, and our democracy – sacrificing Main Street Americans and our families on the altar of corporate profits. Public Citizen advocates for ordinary people by taking on corporate interests and their cronies in government. Don’t Let Big Tech Write Our Digital Privacy Laws Sign Now Public Citizen Calls on Presidential Candidates, Parties to Pledge Not to Use Dangerous, Manipulative Deepfakes Within Reach: Banker Pay Reform Safe & Affordable Drugs & Devices [4] Prescription drugs are unaffordable and new drugs and devices often are approved without being proven safe and effective. Public Citizen challenges Big Pharma, device manufacturers and federal regulators to make drugs and medical devices safe, effective and accessible to all. Tell President Biden: Make Meds Affordable SEND AN EMAIL Health Care [5] Health care in the U.S. leaves too many people out, costs too much and doesn’t meet acceptable standards of quality. Much of the care that we get is unaffordable, unnecessary or harmful. Public Citizen advocates Medicare for All, stronger oversight of dangerous doctors and safe clinical trials. Win Medicare for All Take Action Now Report: Ranking of the Rate of State Medical Boards’ Serious Disciplinary Actions, 2019-2021 Petition to the FDA to Strengthen Safety Warning for Botox and Related Drugs and Remove Misleading Claims From Botox/Botox Cosmetic Labeling Globalization & Trade [6] Global Trade Watch’s mission is to ensure that in this era of globalization, a majority have the opportunity to enjoy economic security, a healthy environment, safe food, medicines and products, access to quality affordable services such as health care and the exercise of democratic decision-making about the matters that affect our lives. Global Trade Watch has led the fight against corporate-rigged “trade” agreements that provide special powers for Big Pharma to raise medicine prices, promote the outsourcing of jobs to low-wage countries and undermine the food safety and other safeguards on which our families rely. For decades, we have fought for progressive alternatives that benefit people and the planet. President Biden: No Secrecy in Indo-Pacific Trade Talks Take Action Climate Peace Clause Needed to Stop Trade Attacks on Climate Policies Big Tech’s “Digital Trade” Power-Grab Climate & Energy [7] The climate crisis is the challenge of our time. We can fix it with solutions that will make us healthier and more economically secure. We must act quickly to make our economy run on renewable power — and ensure that disadvantaged families and displaced workers share equitably in the new economy. We also must fight the corrupting power of fossil fuel companies and ensure that energy regulators are effective and publicly accountable. Tell Toyota: Go all-in on EVs Add Your Name Climate Roadmap for U.S. Financial Regulation Toyota’s Troubling Electric Vehicle Track Record Justice & the Courts [8] Litigation can remedy or deter wrongdoing, impact policy and meaningfully slow abuses of power. Whether suing on behalf of our members to ensure the honest functioning of government, or representing individual consumers seeking redress in court, our litigation draws on our expertise in administrative law, constitutional law, and government transparency. Subscribe to the Supreme Court Conference Preview Sign Up People. Power. Progress. Tell Congress: Pass the Protecting Our Democracy Act Add Your Name Public Citizen on Medium Read Our Latest Donate Now Fuel Our Work We are the people's advocate. Corporations have their lobbyists. The people need advocates too. That’s where we come in. Learn More About Public Citizen 50 Years of Victories News See All Federal Court Rejects AstraZeneca’s Bid to Halt Drug Price Negotiations March 1, 2024 Auto Industry’s Calls to Roll Back Vital EV Rules is a Dangerous Distraction February 29, 2024 Groups Call on Insurance Industry to Insure Our Future, Not Fossil Fuels February 29, 2024 Senate Introduces Must-Pass John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act as Bloody Sunday Anniversary and State of the Union Near February 29, 2024 AI Warfighting Is Dangerous, Lethal, Costly Without Protections February 29, 2024 Toyota Makes No Progress in Planning for Fossil-Free Supply Chain February 27, 2024 Ad Campaign Encourages Biden to Set Strong Vehicle Emission Standards February 27, 2024 FTC Sues to Block Grocery Monopoly February 26, 2024 HPCC Statement on City Council Appointment of New Port Commissioner February 21, 2024 Risk Exposure: The Insurers Secretly Backing the Methane Gas Boom in the U.S. Gulf South February 21, 2024 FDA Should Protect Patients by Prioritizing Prompt Revisions of Safety Labeling for Drugs February 20, 2024 White House to Slow EV Standards, Rolling Back Scale of Rules intended for Cleaner Cars February 19, 2024 See All Stay Updated on Public Citizen Follow Public Citizen Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Support Our Work Donate Donate Donate Join/Renew Giving Through Your Will Gift of Stocks or Mutual Funds Tax-Deductible Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Gifts From Your Retirement Account Life Insurance Donations Privacy Policy Careers Contact Copyright © 2023 Public Citizen. Some rights reserved. Non-commercial use of text and images in which Public Citizenholds the copyright is permitted, with attribution, under the terms and conditions of a Creative Commons License. This website is shared by Public Citizen Inc. and Public Citizen Foundation. Learn More about the distinction between these two components of Public Citizen.