ESA Science & Technology - Science & Technology Navigation Skip to Content ESA uses cookies to track visits to our website only, no personal information is collected. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK Find out more about our cookie policy. Toggle navigation → European Space Agency About Science & Technology For public For educators science & technology ESA Science & Technology ESA Science & Technology - Science & Technology Missions Show All Missions Science Programme Cosmic Vision Future Missions Department Missions of Opportunity Collaborative Missions Director's Desk Community Areas Astrophysics Fundamental Physics Solar System Resources News Archive Multimedia Gallery Publication Archive Status Report Archive Journal Archive Calendar of Events Services Contact Us RSS feed Terms and Conditions Latest News Latest News Plato exoplanet mission gets green light for next phase 21 March 2022Plato, ESA’s next-generation planet hunting mission, has been given the green light to continue with its development after the critical milestone review concluded successfully on 11 January 2022. Read More ESA welcomes Webb in French Guiana for launch on Ariane 5 12 October 2021The James Webb Space Telescope has arrived safely at Pariacabo harbour in French Guiana. ESA in close collaboration with NASA will now prepare this once in a generation mission for its launch on Ariane 5 from Europe's Spaceport this December. Read More BepiColombo's first views of Mercury 2 October 2021The ESA/JAXA BepiColombo mission has captured its first views of its destination planet Mercury as it swooped past in a close gravity assist flyby last night. Read More Targeted launch date for Webb: 18 December 2021 8 September 2021ESA, NASA and Arianespace have jointly defined 18 December 2021 as the target launch date for Ariane 5 flight VA256. This third Ariane 5 launch of 2021 will fly the James Webb Space Telescope to space from Europe's Spaceport in French Guiana. Read More ﻿﻿The mystery of what causes Jupiter's X-ray auroras is solved 9 July 2021The 40-year-old mystery of what causes Jupiter's X-ray auroras has been solved. For the first time, astronomers have seen the entire mechanism at work – and it could be a process occurring in many other parts of the Universe too. Read More Webb passes key launch clearance review 1 July 2021The international James Webb Space Telescope has passed the final mission analysis review for its launch on an Ariane 5 rocket from Europe's Spaceport in French Guiana. Read More Unique exoplanet photobombs CHEOPS study of nearby star system 28 June 2021While exploring two exoplanets in a bright nearby star system, ESA's exoplanet-hunting CHEOPS satellite has unexpectedly spotted the system's third known planet crossing the face of the star. This transit reveals exciting details about a rare planet "with no known equivalent", say the researchers. Read More Voyage 2050 sets sail: ESA chooses future science mission themes 11 June 2021ESA's large-class science missions for the timeframe 2035-2050 will focus on moons of the giant Solar System planets, temperate exoplanets or the galactic ecosystem, and new physical probes of the early Universe. Read More News archive Latest Announcements Latest Announcements CHEOPS AO-2 Programmes 25 February 2021Observing time on CHEOPS in the Guest Observers Programme has been awarded to nine proposals received in response to the CHEOPS second Announcement of Opportunity (AO-2). Read More SPICA no longer candidate for ESA's M5 mission selection 15 October 2020The European Space Agency (ESA) and the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency's Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS/JAXA) have announced their decision to no longer consider the infrared space observatory, SPICA, as a candidate for the upcoming selection as ESA's 5th medium-class mission in its Cosmic Vision... Read More Extended operations confirmed for science missions 13 October 2020ESA's Science Programme Committee has confirmed the continued operations of five missions led by ESA's Science Programme: Cluster, Gaia, INTEGRAL, Mars Express, and XMM-Newton, from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022. The SPC also confirmed the Science Programme's contributions to the extended operations of Hinode, Hubble Space Telescope,... Read More CHEOPS Discretionary Programme is now open 17 July 2020Proposals are invited for the CHEOPS Discretionary Programme, an element of the Guest Observers Programme which enables scientists to propose observations of individual targets that have been discovered, or declared to be of high scientific merit, since the close of AO-1 back in mid-May 2019. Read More Announcement archive Spacecraft Testing Spacecraft Testing #8: Successful integration of JUICE's 10.6-metre-long arm 15 April 2021The development of ESA's JUpiter ICy moons Explorer (JUICE) is continuing apace and has hit milestones in recent months: the spacecraft's 10.6-metre-long boom is now attached, many instruments have been integrated, and the mission's high-gain antenna has arrived and undergone rigorous vibration testing. Read More #7: All panels delivered for JUICE's solar wings 16 October 2020All ten flight model solar panels for ESA's JUICE spacecraft have been delivered to Airbus Defence and Space Netherlands ready to be integrated into solar wings. The solar panels, with a total area of 85 m², are a key element of the mission, providing the necessary power to run the spacecraft and operate the science instruments. Read More #6: Start of assembly and integration for JUICE 26 June 2020Despite certain operational difficulties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the assembly and integration of the flight model for ESA's JUpiter ICy moons Explorer (JUICE) spacecraft has continued with few delays during the first six months of the year. Read More Journal archive 5-Mar-2024 14:01 UT ShortUrl Portlet Shortcut URL https://sci.esa.int/home https://sci.esa.int/home Twitter_esascience Tweets by esascience Highlights Highlights Successful integration of JUICE's 10.6-metre-long arm Solar Orbiter's first images reveal 'campfires' on the Sun Euclid completes thermal-vacuum balance tests Gaia creates richest star map of our Galaxy – and beyond Exoplanets with Gaia From Hipparchus to Hipparcos: A sonification of stellar catalogues Space science: everything starts here ESA Research Fellowships in Space Science ESA's Core Technology Programme – Paving the way for ESA's Cosmic Vision Plan Highlights Successful integration of JUICE's 10.6-metre-long arm Solar Orbiter's first images reveal 'campfires' on the Sun Euclid completes thermal-vacuum balance tests Gaia creates richest star map of our Galaxy – and beyond Exoplanets with Gaia From Hipparchus to Hipparcos: A sonification of stellar catalogues Space science: everything starts here ESA Research Fellowships in Space Science ESA's Core Technology Programme – Paving the way for ESA's Cosmic Vision Plan Interactive Interactive Where is Solar Orbiter? Where is BepiColombo? Gaia's stellar family portrait Star mapper View Rosetta's comet Where is Rosetta? Interactive Where is Solar Orbiter? Where is BepiColombo? Gaia's stellar family portrait Star mapper View Rosetta's comet Where is Rosetta? Special Sites Special Sites Robotic Exploration of Mars Science Archives at ESAC Special Sites Robotic Exploration of Mars Science Archives at ESAC Supported Activities Supported Activities PRODEX Educational Support Supported Activities PRODEX Educational Support Connect with us Follow ESA science Copyright 2000 - 2024 © European Space Agency. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions