Send Press Releases With GlobeNews Wire | GlobeNewswire Accessibility: Skip TopNav Press Release Distribution Share your news with media, investors, and consumers using targeted distribution options from GlobeNewswire. Build awareness, boost online visibility, and get more media coverage. Send a press release Already a GlobeNewswire customer? Sign in. [eBook] Bridging the Gap Between AI & PR Learn how AI can help you do your job better! Our guide will provide education and inspiration, covering specific AI tools and how to use them, how agencies are using AI vs. in-house pros and so much more. Download Noweast AI Press Release Generator Introducing the GlobeNewswire AI press release generator - helping you streamline content creation and remove worry. GlobeNewswire is the first newswire service to offer generative AI making it the easiest way to create releases and share them using one of the world's largest distribution networks. Learn Moreeast Newsroom View press releases, multimedia content, earnings, and more from thousands of companies around the world. Easily find news by industry or subject, or search for the topics that are of interest to you. GO TO NEWSROOMeast A Smarter Media Contacts Database Discover relevant journalists using our media contacts database. Our smart recommendation engine surfaces global media and influential contacts with the help of AI, and our contacts are regularly updated and verified by our in-house research team.Benefits: Stay ahead of ever-changing media contacts with accurate, verified profiles Create targeted media lists that improve response and open rates Email your contacts directly from the Notified PR Platform for more efficient outreach Request A Demoeast Notified PR Platform The Notified PR platform powers your communications with social listening and media monitoring, a media contacts database, GlobeNewswire press release distribution, newsroom publishing, and PR measurement - all in one place. It's software built to fit your daily communications workflow that's integrated, intelligent, and easy to use. LEARN MOREeast Featured Media Partner: BusinessTrumpet Established in 2015, BusinessTrumpet is an online news platform and a provider of business news and information, research, and opportunities across sectors and markets for businesses, entrepreneurs, startups, and professionals. Its focus is on news and information that business owners and entrepreneurs can work with and that can inspire more and better business. We strive for insightful and accurate information about businesses, companies, products, finance, technology, opportunities, the economy, and much more. Visit BusinessTrumpeteast Want to learn how GlobeNewswire can support your media reach and brand awareness objectives? REQUEST A DEMO Want to stay updated on the latest news? Create a Reader Account today to follow the industries and companies that interest you, and customize your news dashboard. SIGN INTO READER ACCOUNT CREATE READER ACCOUNT March 05, 2024 07:30 ET Latin America Point of Care Diagnostics Market Growth Forecast Through 2030 March 05, 2024 07:30 ET Changes in the management of Oma Savings Bank Plc March 05, 2024 07:30 ET Roche and Alnylam report positive topline results from the Phase II KARDIA-2 study in people with hypertension, demonstrating clinically significant blood pressure reductions with zilebesiran when added to standard of care March 05, 2024 07:30 ET General Motors, Magna, and Wipro Team Up to Develop Automotive Software Marketplace: ‘SDVerse’ March 05, 2024 07:30 ET Cartier cuts 7.7 g/t Au over 2.0 m in the VG Structure of the Chimo Mine Project March 05, 2024 07:30 ET Study: Most CMOs Fail to Understand AI Beyond ChatGPT March 05, 2024 07:30 ET La plupart des directeur·trice·s marketing ne saisissent pas le potentiel de l’IA au-delà de chatGPT, selon une nouvelle étude