Christian News on Christian Today, Latest Religious News, News About Christianity Christian Today Skip to main content To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Search HomeNewsUSWorldChurchCultureLifestyleCommentVideo Search Subscribe HomeNewsUSWorldChurchCultureLifestyleCommentVideo Headlines Doctors sound concern about assisted suicide proposals in Scotland Concerns have been raised as the Scottish Parliament prepares to consider legislation to change the law that has been brought forward by Lib Dem MSP Liam McArthur. Why looking after our health is biblical Christians in Pakistan acquitted of blasphemy charges In Guatemala, public schools turn to Bible study to boost reading and resist gang culture More headlines Jerusalem is shining, perhaps even more so with the war Jewish academic and Hebrew scholar Irene Lancaster reflects on her visit to Israel. … Billy Graham's sister dies aged 91 Jean Graham Ford, the last remaining sibling of renowned evangelist Billy Graham, died last week at the age of 91, her nephew, Franklin Graham, announced in a Facebook post reflecting on her legacy and love for the Lord. … Latest News Pro-life students at Manchester University left 'terrified' by angry mob Students who attended the event on 29 February say they were egged and spat on, and met with a barrage of verbal assaults, including rape and death threats, that left them fearing for their safety. … Rolls-Royce one of UK's most faith-friendly workplaces The luxury car manufacturer scored top points in the first UK edition of the corporate Religious Equity, Diversity & Inclusion (REDI) Index and Monitor alongside management consulting firm Baringa Partners LLP. … Report recommends £1bn fund to right Church of England's past wrongs on slavery A new report has recommended that the Church of England create a £1bn fund in response to its historic links to the transatlantic slave trade. … Scottish Parliament recognises church of John Knox in 900th anniversary year A motion has been laid in the Scottish Parliament celebrating the prominence of St Giles' Cathedral in Edinburgh as it celebrates 900 years. … Christian politician makes history in Pakistan Christian politician Anthony Naveed has achieved a major political milestone after he was elected as the first Christian Deputy Speaker of the Sindh Provincial Assembly last Sunday. … Most Read Islamism in Britain Part 2: is there an answer? Ex-Boyzone star Shane Lynch accuses Taylor Swift of 'demonic rituals' in concerts How a movie about Jesus is breaking down barriers and bringing people to faith What is postmodernism, and why should we care? Pro-life students at Manchester University left 'terrified' by angry mob Rolls-Royce one of UK's most faith-friendly workplaces SPOTLIGHT Conversion therapy Bill 'very likely' to breach human rights law, says top lawyer What is postmodernism, and why should we care? 'An epidemic of loss': estimated 10,000 abortions in Ireland Warnings of assisted suicide 'harm' as MPs predict change to law NEWS WHO guidance on gender-affirming care for trans adults would be 'premature', says Christian psychologist During Gaza war, evangelicals have become Israel's best friend Islamist Nigerian militants press attacks against Christians to foment religious war Ex-Boyzone star Shane Lynch accuses Taylor Swift of 'demonic rituals' in concerts E-Book Yes, I want to receive my FREE Christian Today ebook by signing up to the WordBox newsletter SPOTLIGHT The little known story of the first Anglican female preachers The Church of England first appointed female preachers during the First World War. This is the story ... … Latest News Conversion therapy bill fails to pass A bill proposing a ban on so-called conversion therapy failed to pass in the House of Commons on Friday after it ran out of time. … Archbishop of Canterbury apologises for refusing to meet Palestinian Christian leader The Archbishop of Canterbury has publicly apologised after refusing to meet a pastor from Bethlehem during his visit to the UK. … Is volunteering changing? Work commitments, caring responsibilities and falling living standards are all affecting the longevity that volunteers can commit for. … A disappointing response from MPs on assisted suicide MPs could have decided to firmly close the door on assisted suicide and euthanasia, and say the current law which protects everyone should remain. They failed. … Tweets by ‎@ChristianToday Tweets by TwitterDev FAITH AND LIFE Half of Northern Irish identify as practising Christians How a movie about Jesus is breaking down barriers and bringing people to faith Two Christian responses to war Why looking after our health is biblical Headlines Warnings of another Christian exodus from Iraq Calls for prayer after deadly Burkina Faso church attack Church of England General Synod debates safeguarding next steps Burkina Faso church attack leaves at least 15 dead Latest News Independent review launched into links between New Wine and Mike Pilavachi An independent review is to be carried out into whether there are any links between allegations against Soul Survivor founder Mike Pilavachi and New Wine. … Richard Cunningham resigns as head of UCCF after 20 years Richard Cunningham is to step down after 20 years as national director of the Universities and Colleges Christian Fellowship (UCCF). … Police admit restrictions on pastor's street preaching were 'disproportionate' Avon and Somerset Police have conceded that attempts to stop a pastor from commenting publicly on other religions while street preaching were "disproportionate". … What this week's LLF debate reveals about the state of the Church of England Neither revisionists nor traditionalists could get on board. … Living in Love and Faith: what now for those who cannot 'agree to disagree'? It seems that the only acceptable "new and imaginative" ways forward are those which rely on people agreeing to disagree. … More News YWAM co-founder 'reeling' from death of missionaries in bus crash Scotland: silent prayer deemed 'unacceptable' in hearing on world's most extreme abortion buffer zone law Half of Northern Irish identify as practising Christians Pray for our farmers Islamism in Britain Part 1: Is there a problem? Islamism in Britain Part 2: is there an answer? Group of Brands Sections HomeNewsUSWorldChurchCultureLifestyleCommentVideo Help Center About UsContact usEditorial TeamAdvertisingJobsRSS FeedsE-newsletterTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookies Policy Sign up to wordbox By signing up, you agree to our Terms And Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy. I consent to receiving your weekly newsletter and special offers via email. Follow us Copyright © 2024 Christian Today. All Rights Reserved. Registered in England and Wales 5090917, Christian Today, 120 New Cavendish Street, London, England, W1W 6XX <!--=c--!>