Welcome to SHRM | The Voice of All Things Work Skip to main content Store Sign In Account My Account Logout Region Global India MENA About Contact Join Today Renew Rejoin Now Renew Membership Credentials Credentials Get Recertified! Recertify your SHRM Credentials before your end date! SHRM Certification Demonstrate your ability to apply HR principles to real-life situations. No other HR certification compares. SHRM-CP SHRM-SCP Prepare for the Exam Recertification Specialty Credentials Demonstrate targeted competence and enhance credibility among peers and employers. Qualifications Gain a deeper understanding and develop critical skills. Topics & Tools Topics & Tools Stay up-to-date with the latest workplace news and leverage our vast library of resources to streamline day-to-day workplace tasks. AI in the Workplace Successfully manage generative AI, develop an AI policy and understand how it impacts your workplace. News & Trends Emerging workplace issues, critical news, trends and analysis. Legal & Compliance The latest legal decisions, legislative and regulatory news and analysis of their impact. Research Evidence-based insights, recommendations and innovations. HR Topics Compensation & Benefits Inclusion, Equity & Diversity Employee Relations Talent Acquisition SEE ALL Ask an Advisor Need assistance with a specific HR issue? We can help. Tools & Samples Save time by leveraging our vast library of resources, from sample forms to toolkits, to perform common tasks. Popular Tasks Establish a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) Prepare a Job Description Conduct an Investigation Events & Education Events & Education Explore options for in-person and virtual professional development that best suit your learning style, schedule and career goals. Join us for SHRM24 in Chicago Register for the World’s Largest HR Conference being held this June 23-26! Events The AI + HI Project Annual Conference & Expo INCLUSION Talent Conference & Expo Women in Leadership Institute SEE ALL Educational Programs Designed and delivered by HR experts to empower you with the knowledge and tools you need to drive lasting change in the workplace. Team Training & Development Customized training programs unique to your organization’s needs. Webcasts Business Solutions Advocacy Advocacy Make your voice heard on public policy issues impacting the workplace. Top 5 Workplace Policy Issues for HR Professionals to Watch in 2024 This year, workplace challenges pose significant hurdles, ranging from the emerging complexities of AI regulation to enduring issues in inclusion, equity and diversity (IE&D), free speech, and Title VII compliance. Policy Areas Workforce Development Workplace Equity Workplace Flexibility & Leave Workplace Governance Workplace Health Care Workplace Immigration State Affairs Global Policy Advocacy Team (A-Team) SHRM pursues nonpartisan public policy efforts and elevates the voice of HR in discussions on policies affecting the world of work. Take Action Join us in advocating for the workplace's most pressing issues, creating lasting positive change for workers everywhere. Advocacy & Legislative Resources Generation Cares Community Community Find a SHRM Chapter Easily find a local professional or student chapter in your area. Chapters Find local connections from over 607 chapters and state councils and create your personalized HR network. SHRM Connect Post polls, get crowdsourced answers to your questions and network with other HR professionals online. SHRM Northern California Join SHRM members in the greater San Francisco Bay area for local events and networking. Membership Councils Learn about SHRM's five regional councils and the Membership Advisory Council (MAC). Membership Advisory Council Regional Councils Volunteers Learn about volunteer opportunities with SHRM. Volunteer Leader Resource Center Close Membership Credentials back Credentials Get Recertified! Recertify your SHRM Credentials before your end date! SHRM Certification Demonstrate your ability to apply HR principles to real-life situations. No other HR certification compares. SHRM-CP SHRM-SCP Prepare for the Exam Recertification Specialty Credentials Demonstrate targeted competence and enhance credibility among peers and employers. Qualifications Gain a deeper understanding and develop critical skills. Topics & Tools back Topics & Tools Stay up-to-date with the latest workplace news and leverage our vast library of resources to streamline day-to-day workplace tasks. AI in the Workplace Successfully manage generative AI, develop an AI policy and understand how it impacts your workplace. News & Trends Emerging workplace issues, critical news, trends and analysis. Legal & Compliance The latest legal decisions, legislative and regulatory news and analysis of their impact. Research Evidence-based insights, recommendations and innovations. HR Topics Compensation & Benefits Inclusion, Equity & Diversity Employee Relations Talent Acquisition SEE ALL Ask an Advisor Need assistance with a specific HR issue? We can help. Tools & Samples Save time by leveraging our vast library of resources, from sample forms to toolkits, to perform common tasks. Popular Tasks Establish a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) Prepare a Job Description Conduct an Investigation Events & Education back Events & Education Explore options for in-person and virtual professional development that best suit your learning style, schedule and career goals. Join us for SHRM24 in Chicago Register for the World’s Largest HR Conference being held this June 23-26! Events The AI + HI Project Annual Conference & Expo INCLUSION Talent Conference & Expo Women in Leadership Institute SEE ALL Educational Programs Designed and delivered by HR experts to empower you with the knowledge and tools you need to drive lasting change in the workplace. Team Training & Development Customized training programs unique to your organization’s needs. Webcasts Business Solutions Advocacy back Advocacy Make your voice heard on public policy issues impacting the workplace. Top 5 Workplace Policy Issues for HR Professionals to Watch in 2024 This year, workplace challenges pose significant hurdles, ranging from the emerging complexities of AI regulation to enduring issues in inclusion, equity and diversity (IE&D), free speech, and Title VII compliance. Policy Areas Workforce Development Workplace Equity Workplace Flexibility & Leave Workplace Governance Workplace Health Care Workplace Immigration State Affairs Global Policy Advocacy Team (A-Team) SHRM pursues nonpartisan public policy efforts and elevates the voice of HR in discussions on policies affecting the world of work. Take Action Join us in advocating for the workplace's most pressing issues, creating lasting positive change for workers everywhere. Advocacy & Legislative Resources Generation Cares Community back Community Find a SHRM Chapter Easily find a local professional or student chapter in your area. Chapters Find local connections from over 607 chapters and state councils and create your personalized HR network. SHRM Connect Post polls, get crowdsourced answers to your questions and network with other HR professionals online. SHRM Northern California Join SHRM members in the greater San Francisco Bay area for local events and networking. Membership Councils Learn about SHRM's five regional councils and the Membership Advisory Council (MAC). Membership Advisory Council Regional Councils Volunteers Learn about volunteer opportunities with SHRM. Volunteer Leader Resource Center Join Today Renew Rejoin Now Renew Store Sign In Account My Account Logout Region Global India MENA About Contact Close To Maximize Your AI Investment, Turn to SHRM Discover AI + HI Don't miss your chance to hear Jason Sudeikis at SHRM24. Register Now For All Things Work, Turn to SHRM Become a Member Explore Resources To Elevate Your HR Leadership, Turn to SHRM Learn about the SHRM Executive Network To Make a Difference in the Workplace, Turn to SHRM Support SHRM Foundation Advocate with SHRM To Transform Your Business, Turn to SHRM Discover Enterprise Solutions To Network and Learn, Turn to SHRM Upcoming Events Get Certified About SHRM Careers at SHRMPress RoomContact SHRMBook a SHRM Executive Speaker Advertise with UsCopyright & PermissionsPost a JobFind an HR Job Follow Us © 2024 SHRM. All Rights Reserved SHRM provides content as a service to its readers and members. It does not offer legal advice, and cannot guarantee the accuracy or suitability of its content for a particular purpose. Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Your membership is nearing its expiration or has already lapsed. Renew now to continue enjoying unlimited articles and exclusive resources. Renew Now