JURIST - Legal News & Commentary SUPPORT US DONATE NOW News ▾ All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News This Day @ Law Dispatches ▾ All Dispatches Afghanistan Canada EU India Iran Kenya Myanmar Pakistan Sri Lanka UK Ukraine US Commentary ▾ All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Features ▾ All Features Explainers Interviews Long Reads Multimedia Topics ▾ 2020 Election Bar Exams in the Pandemic Black Lives Matter COVID-19 Rule of Law ▾ Materials Podcasts About ▾ FAQ Staff Apply Submit Story Contact Us Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award Johnson Award Wohlmuth Awards Distinguished Alumni Award Journalist in Residence Support ▾ Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship Search: Search News MarkThomas / Pixabay US Supreme Court keeps Trump on Colorado election ballot Sean Beeghly | U. Pittsburgh School of Law, US March 4, 2024 04:12:13 pm The US Supreme Court struck down Colorado’s attempt to bar Donald Trump from appearing on its election ballot on Monday. In a unanimous per curiam decision, the court reversed a Supreme Court of Colorado decision that barred the former president from seeking election in the state due to an alleged violation of Section 3 of [...] News © WikiMedia (Eric Niequist) France parliament votes to include right to abortion in constitution Kate Marley | Newcastle Law School, GB March 4, 2024 04:00:02 pm France’s parliament voted Monday to include the right to abortion in the Constitution of France. The draft law was registered in December 2023 and has been adopted by lawmakers with some amendments. This is a monumental move, marking the first time in history the right to abortion has been enshrined into a country’s constitution. The [...]READ MORE ▸ Dispatches Provided to JURIST Belarus dispatch: activist accused of tax evasion faces extradition from Serbia to Belarus Katsiaryna Vasilionak | European Humanities U., LT March 4, 2024 03:53:49 pm Belarusian law students enrolled at European Humanities University are filing reports with JURIST on current circumstances in Belarus under the constitutionally-disputed presidency of Alexander Lukashenka. Katsiaryna Vasilionak files this dispatch from Vilnius, Lithuania. Andrey Gnyot was arrested on October 30, 2023, by the border service of the Republic of Serbia upon arrival in the [...]READ MORE ▸ News islandworks / Pixabay Former Trump Organization CFO pleads guilty to perjury Gabrielle Pasternak | U. Pittsburgh School of Law, US March 4, 2024 02:42:44 pm Former Trump Organization Chief Financial Officer Allen Weisselberg pled guilty Monday to two counts of perjury in the first degree and surrendered to the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office. The DA’s office is currently recommending five months in jail, but if he breaks the terms of his probation, he could face up to seven years in [...]READ MORE ▸ News Big_Heart / Pixabay South Korea to suspend medical licenses of 7,000 trainee doctors amid back-to-work order Jingwen Liu | Chinese U. Hong Kong Faculty of Law, CN/HK March 4, 2024 01:30:08 pm South Korea’s Second Vice Minister of Health and Welfare Park Min-soo announced Monday that the government has begun administrative actions against some 7,000 medical residents who have not returned to work despite the government’s earlier order. Park Min-soo said that the government’s punishment measures include suspending the trainee doctors’ medical license for 3 months, delaying their [...]READ MORE ▸ News © WikiMedia (Edward N. Johnson) South Korea police raid medical association as doctors strike over government move to increase medical student numbers Aimee Woodmass | Newcastle Law School, GB March 3, 2024 03:49:49 pm South Korean police raided offices of the Korean Medical Association (KMA) on Friday. The raids come as walkouts by junior doctors in Seoul have continued despite backlash from the South Korean government. According to South Korean news site Yonhap News, police reportedly carried out raids on offices of the KMA in both Seoul and the [...]READ MORE ▸ News TheDigitalArtist / Pixabay Canada announces new measures for reviewing foreign investments in digital media sector Salma Ben Souissi | The University of Law, GB March 3, 2024 03:43:54 pm Canada’s Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry François-Philippe Champagne and Minister of Canadian Heritage Pascale St-Onge announced in a statement Friday additional measures aimed at strengthening guidelines on foreign investments in the interactive digital media sector. The two ministers hope to clarify and improve the application of the Investment Canada Act, which governs foreign investments. [...]READ MORE ▸ News jorono / Pixabay Tunisia union announces release of official following arrest and political tensions Daniela Pulido | Facultad de Derecho PUCP, PE March 3, 2024 03:26:18 pm The Tunisian General Workers’ Union (UGTT) announced Friday that Tahar Mezzi, the union’s deputy general secretary and head of the union’s private sector, was released after being arrested on Thursday. According to the UGTT, Mezzi was detained by government authorities in connection with an allegedly fabricated case regarding his extensive involvement in union activities. The [...]READ MORE ▸ News Lauren Hurley / No 10 Downing, OGL 3, via Wikimedia Commons UK to pay at least £370M to Rwanda under migration partnership Salma Ben Souissi | The University of Law, GB March 3, 2024 02:07:58 pm The National Audit Office (NAO), in a report published Friday, revealed the UK government will pay at least £370 million to Rwanda under their obligations in the Migration and Economic Development Partnership (MEDP). As the UK’s independent public spending watchdog, the NAO audits and reports the government’s financial accounts in order to help improve public [...]READ MORE ▸ News M.O. Stevens, CC BY-SA 3.0, via Wikimedia Commons Oregon Senate passes bill to recriminalize certain drug possession crimes Lou Kettering | U. Pittsburgh School of Law, US March 3, 2024 02:02:50 pm The Oregon Senate passed House Bill 4002 by a vote of 21-8 Friday, which recriminalizes certain drug possession charges that Oregon voters voted to decriminalize in 2020. Under the bill, individuals charged with possession of small amounts of drugs like methamphetamine or fentanyl will face misdemeanor charges that can result in jail time. Additionally, the [...]READ MORE ▸ ... 1 2 3 4 5 ... Older Oldest Subscribe to JURIST Email Address Subscribe Key: Subscribe Latest Tweets THIS DAY @ LAW Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty took effect On March 5, 1970, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty took effect after ratification by 43 countries.Read a brief history of the NPT. Lynch v. Donnelly decided On March 5, 1984, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a nativity scene built on public land by the City of Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The Court in Lynch v. Donnelly held that the creche did not violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment, which prohibits the government from passing any "law respecting an establishment of religion". More This Day @ Law... ▸ Home Attributions Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2024, JURIST Legal News & Research Services, Inc. JURIST is a collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh