Saint Louis University | SLU.edu : SLU Skip to main content MenuSearch & Directory Apply Request Info Visit Contact Browse Degrees Admission Academics Life at SLU Research Athletics About Give to SLU SLU.edu Search & Directory Close Search SLU.edu Search SLU.edu People Finder Directory > Brief clips of SLU's Campus with students, fauna, exterior and interior shots. The silent video displays several quick shots of students walking through campus and conducting various activities. Change the World. Start Here. VisitRequest InformationApply 200+ Years of Academic Excellence Mission-Focused, Student-Centered, Research-Driven Read More Undergraduate Recognized for Undergraduate Education U.S. News & World Report ranks SLU's undergraduate teaching as among the best in the nation - but that's just the start. Your path to excellence starts at one of our majors. Read More Graduate and Professional Degrees Relevant in Today's Changing WorldChoose from 86 graduate disciplines - many ranked among the best in the nation - with personal attention from faculty and a focus on your professional development. Read More OnlineGet a World-Class Education from SLU - Wherever You AreWe're honored to have been named one of the top 10 best universities for online programs. Explore degrees and certificates for all stages of your journey. Start Your Future at One of SLU's Prestigious Colleges and Schools Arts and Sciences | Business | Education | Health Sciences | Law | Medicine | NursingPhilosophy and Letters | Professional Studies | Public Health and Social Justice | Science and Engineering | SLU-Madrid | Social Work The Billiken Promise Admitted undergraduate students, kickstart your experiential learning with a virtual internship. Then, gain a global perspective with guaranteed study abroad, and keep your goals on track with flexible scholarships. Explore the Billiken Promise Study Abroad at SLU-Madrid See Next Steps for Admitted Undergraduates Find Community as You Find Yourself 13546 students enrolled 273 acres on SLU's campus in St. Louis, Missouri 97 bachelor's degree programs 82 master's degree programs Video Stream: An Inside Look at SLU Starting Your Career in the Classroom Step into a flight simulator. Practice patient care using robotics. Enter the world of finance using funds from SLU's own endowment. At Saint Louis University, hands-on learning takes on a whole new meaning. Explore how. Watch: Inside Service Learning at SLU Watch: Getting Involved at SLU Watch: Promoting the Well-Being of Students Watch: Becoming a Leader at SLU What's Happening at Saint Louis University? Academic CalendarEvents CalendarSLU Newsroom Recent Headlines Read More InnovationGolf and Give Challenge Yields Great Haul for Billiken BountyThe Saint Louis University community stocked Billiken Bounty's shelves by playing a mini golf course built out of shelf-stable food items. The event provided more than $2,600 in food and pantry items for the SLU food pantry. Billiken Bounty supports SLU students who are facing food-insecurity. Read More Art and BusinessInaugural SCALE Arts Conference Supports Student CreativesSaint Louis University and the Chaifetz Center for Entrepreneurship recently hosted the inaugural SCALE Arts Conference at Il Monastero. This groundbreaking conference equipped student creatives and artists with essential skills and knowledge for launching and managing successful entrepreneurial careers. Read More Student AchievementSLU Chess Teams Have Strong Start to Spring SeasonSaint Louis University’s chess squads have had a successful start to 2024. In early January, the teams traveled to McAllen, Texas, for the 2024 Pan-American Intercollegiate Team Chess Championship. The Billikens B team of Gabriela Antova, Thalia Cervantes, Sila Caglar, and Dhyana Patel finished 17th overall out of 40 teams and were recognized as the Top All-Female Team. From @SLU_Official on Instagram Why Choose SLU? SLU's rigorous academics, emphasis on experiential learning and supportive community prepared me for what is next."Sudeepti Nareddy, Class of 2023 (B.S. in Health Management) Ready to See SLU? Saint Louis University's beautiful residential campus is an oasis in vibrant Midtown St. Louis, Missouri. Preview your new home away from home. Schedule a Visit Take a Virtual Tour Watch a Video Tour Higher purpose. Greater good. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Snapchat TiKTok Current Students Parents & Families Alumni Donors Faculty & Staff mySLU Campus Map Work at SLU SLU A-Z Disclaimer Emergency Info St. Louis, Missouri, and Madrid, Spain Saint Louis University Footer Logo© 1818 - 2024 Saint Louis University ©