Yogapedia - Yoga, Meditation and Life Shop Quizzes Dosha Quiz Chakra Quiz Dictionary Dictionary Term of the Day Sirsa Padasana Sirsa padasana is an advanced backbend combined with a headstand. The name comes from the Sanskrit, sirsa, meaning “head”; pada, meaning “foot” or “feet”; and asana, meaning “pose” or “posture.” To practice the pose, the yogi takes sirsasana (headstand) with the forearms… View Full Term Trending Terms Tatvamasi Om Sahana Vavatu Aham Brahmasmi Apasmara Om Shanti Om Gam Ganapataye Namaha Pancha Kosha Anasakti Yoga Yogapedia Terms # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Topics Energy Love Chakra Mindfulness Purpose Spiritual Experiences Topics Energy Love Chakra Mindfulness Purpose Spiritual Experiences Experience the 5 Koshas Through Yoga Nidra Top 10 Mudras for Your Yoga Practice 4 Steps to Making Your Shakti Shimmer Discover the Best Time of Day for Your Yoga Practice Why We Say Namaste Baba Nam Kevalam: The Meaning and Benefits of This Beloved Sanskrit Mantra A Simple Act of Loving-Kindness: Practicing Metta-Bhavana Ong So Hung: A Heart-Opening Mantra Balancing Visuddha: How to Realign Your Throat Chakra Balancing Muladhara: How to Realign Your Root Chakra How the Pandemic May Have Blocked Your Chakras (And How to Unblock Them) The Lost Art of Concentration Discover the Best Time of Day for Your Yoga Practice Yin Yoga: 4 Benefits of Surrendering to Your Yoga Mat The Power of Vinyasa Celebrate Earth Day by Doing Nature Yoga The Relationship Between Yin Yoga and the Meridians How Online Yoga Can Change the World Three Yoga Asanas to Welcome New Light How to Choose Your First Yoga Teacher Training Experience the 5 Koshas Through Yoga Nidra 5 Benefits of Chanting OM Understanding Kriyas and Kundalini The Gateway of Pratyahara Q&A Poses Guides Podcast Follow Connect with us Subscribe To Our Newsletter Email Address NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By clicking sign up, you agree to receive emails from Yogapedia and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More About Advertising Info Contributors Newsletter Write for Us Contact Connect with us Subscribe To Our Newsletter Email Address NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By clicking sign up, you agree to receive emails from Yogapedia and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. meditation Experience the 5 Koshas Through Yoga Nidra Yoga nidra, or yogic sleep, is a method of entering a blissful sleep state while remaining awake. Here's what you need to know. By: Lindsay Nova Calvert Advertisement Trending Now Yoga A Vinyasa Sequence for Beginners By: Jade Lizzie | Yoga teacher, writer and health and wellness geek. meditation 4 Mantras That Will Transform Your Life By: Joanna Nicholson meditation The Meaning of Om Mani Padme Hum By: Aimee Hughes Popular on Yogapedia Terms Articles Q&A meditation Aham Brahmasmi Aham Brahmasmi is a Sanskrit mantra from the Advaita tradition, typically translated as “I am Brahman”. It is one of the four principle Mahavakyas, or "Great Sayings" from the ancient Hindu text, The Upanishads. Aham Brahmasmi is used within Hindu and yoga philosophy… View Full Term Lineage Apasmara Apasmara is a figure in Hindu mythology who represents both ignorance and epilepsy. He is a demon dwarf who is also sometimes called Muyalaka or Muyalakan. Apasmara is often depicted holding his hand in anjali mudra. He is said to have a demon’s face, but the body of an infant. Apasmara… View Full Term Lineage Anasakti Yoga Anasakti yoga is a philosophy and way of life advocated by Mahatma Gandhi that essentially encourages non-attachment to anything in the material world. Anasakti yoga is the practice of letting go of any attachment to the results of one’s actions. It is thought that through… View Full Term Yoga A Vinyasa Sequence for Beginners If you're new to Vinyasa yoga and want to try a class, but you're not sure if it’s for you, have a go at this 20 minute sequence. It’ll give you a taste of the strengthening, lengthening, and calming effects of Vinyasa yoga. Throughout this sequence, do your best to… By: Jade Lizzie Read Full Article meditation 4 Mantras That Will Transform Your Life If you’ve been to a yoga class, you’ve likely heard the room chanting Om at some point during the class. Chanting this Sanskrit word is meant to reconnect you with the universe’s energy so you feel like you’re constantly moving, breathing and evolving. If… By: Joanna Nicholson Read Full Article meditation The Meaning of Om Mani Padme Hum There’s a good reason why the Om Mani Padme Hum mantra is at the heart of many Buddhist traditions. It is because every one of the Buddha’s teachings is believed to reside within this one powerful mantra. It is repeated over and over again to invoke the loving and… By: Aimee Hughes Read Full Article Philosophy What is the significance of 108 in Hinduism? We often come across the number 108 in Hinduism. Students are told to recite a mantra 108 times or to buy a mala with 108 beads. We even hear about people gathering to perform 108 Sun salutations. Why do Hindus consider this number considered to be so auspicious? Here the primary reasons… By: Madhavi Rathod See the Answer meditation How do I ‘activate’ my mala beads? Mala beads are fantastic tools for mantra meditation and spiritual practice. When activated, they are believed to hold great spiritual power to assist you in your meditation practice as well as your overall spiritual journey. In activating our mala beads, we’re unlocking the sacred… By: Aimee Hughes See the Answer meditation What is the correct way to chant OM? During the chanting of Om, or Aum, silence is maintained between two consecutive utterances. The state of silence is a state of consciousness known as turiya. This is a state of bliss. And it is this state when one’s identification with the Supreme happens. (You may be wondering,… By: Devakar Sandhu See the Answer Latest Articles Yoga The Key Poses of the Ashtanga Primary Series The poses of the Ashtanga Primary Series are the basis for a healthy yoga practice. Here's how to incorporate them and deepen your yogic By: Lindsay Nova Calvert Philosophy Why We Say Namaste Namaste is a popular greeting in Eastern cultures and is gaining traction in the West with the spread of yoga. Learn the translations of this spiritual salutation and why you may want to start saying it more, too. By: Andrea Santos Health CBD for Your Muscles The anti-inflammation qualities of CBD oil can help with muscle pain while promoting relaxation. Have you tried CBD oil yet? By: Molly Rae Benoit-Leach MSW RSW RYT Advertisement Breath Linking Breath and Mantra Synchronizing our breath with mantra recitation allows us to sharpen our focus even further. Learn how combining these two techniques can increase your awareness during meditation. By: Andrea Santos Ayurveda Ayurvedic General Principles of Diet and Digestion Ayurveda says that a healthy diet is useless unless you also have a healthy well-functioning digestion. Here is how to improve your digestion so that your food By: Varsha Khatri | Nutritionist, Yoga Teacher, Ayurvedic Health Specialist meditation Top 10 Mudras for Your Yoga Practice Mudras are yogic gestures of the hands that help channel energy for various physical and spiritual benefits. Here's a list of 10 of the most intriguing mudras along with their benefits. By: Aimee Hughes Advertisement Self 4 Steps to Making Your Shakti Shimmer Shakti is the creative force of the universe. Here's why you need more of this divine feminine energy in your life and four ways to get it glowing. By: Jennie Lee | Author of Breathing Love and True Yoga. Certified Yoga Therapist with 20 years experience. Yoga Discover the Best Time of Day for Your Yoga Practice Traditionally, first thing in the morning has been viewed as the best time of day to practice yoga. However, if that doesn't work for you, here are some drafts for alternate times of the day to schedule your yoga practice. By: Jade Lizzie | Yoga teacher, writer and health and wellness geek. Health The Practice of Shatkarma in the 21st Century Explore the rigorous cleansing of shatkarma rituals. It may take some mastery, but the effects are well worth the effort. By: Lindsay Nova Calvert Advertisement Yoga Don’t Skip Savasana: The Importance of Corpse Pose Savasana is an important part of any asana practice. Here's why you should avoid the temptation to skip (or sleep through) it! By: Lindsay Nova Calvert meditation 5 Beautiful Mantras to Add to Your Practice Mantras are a powerful part of your yoga practice, but with so many to choose from it's hard to pick. Here are five beautiful mantras picked for you! By: Aimee Hughes Ayurveda Ayurveda, Ojas, and Boosting Immunity Digestion and immunity are intimately linked in Ayurveda through the concept of ojas. Here is how to boost your immunity through digestion. By: Varsha Khatri | Nutritionist, Yoga Teacher, Ayurvedic Health Specialist Advertisement meditation The Meaning of Om Namah Shivaya Om Namah Shivayah honors the power of Lord Shiva. Discover the power of this ancient mantra and chant it to evoke your own inner divinity. By: Andrea Santos Yoga Yin Yoga: 4 Benefits of Surrendering to Your Yoga Mat In a goal-orientated, success-obsessed culture, Yin yoga provides the answers on how to surrender and why you should even bother. By: Jade Lizzie | Yoga teacher, writer and health and wellness geek. Philosophy Exploring the 5 Kleshas Kleshas are afflicting emotions, like greed and egocentricity, that limit us from connecting with our own divine nature. Learn how to identify each of the five By: Izzy Arcoleo | Freelance Writer Advertisement View More Articles Advertisement Term of the Day Sirsa Padasana Sirsa padasana is an advanced backbend combined with a headstand. The name comes from the Sanskrit, sirsa, meaning… Read Full Term Advertisement Subscribe To the Yogapedia Newsletter! Get the best of Yogapedia delivered to your inbox. Join one of our email newsletters. It's fast and easy. Email Address NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Latest Q&As What kind of work does a mind-body medicine practitioner do? By: Dr. Scott Lyons How does yoga affect the different systems in the body? By: Tiffany Cruikshank What is pain education and how can yoga help us understand our pain? By: Tiffany Cruikshank How do Traditional Chinese Medicine and yoga complement each other? By: Tiffany Cruikshank How can we practice conscious relaxation? By: Jillian Pransky Resources A Guide to Reiki An Introduction to Yoga Nidra A Guide to the 7 Chakras An Introduction to Mindfulness A Guide to Mantras Subscribe To the Yogapedia Newsletter! Get the best of Yogapedia delivered to your inbox. Join one of our email newsletters. It's fast and easy. Email(Required) NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By clicking sign up, you agree to receive emails from Yogapedia and agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. Follow Us on Our Social Media Follow us on social to stay up to date with everything Yogapedia and the latest news you must know! Meet Our Experts Alekszandra Rokvity English teacher turned freelancer, I'm your typical millennial that decided nomadic life is the way to go. Trying to make the Internet a better… Latest Article Indra: The King of the Gods Read Full Bio Alina Prax Editor/Writer Alina has been an avid yogi for over 20 years. After completing her Sanskrit studies at the University of Texas-Austin, she traveled to northern… Latest Article How to Practice Lion’s Breath Read Full Bio Glamping Hub At Glamping Hub, we are crafting the largest collection of unique nature-based accommodations with emphasis on a five-star experience. We’re… Latest Article Top Glamping Destinations for Your Next Yoga Retreat Read Full Bio View All of Our Experts Write for Us The fastest-growing online platform for the yoga community - yoga poses, mantras, scriptures, meditation tips and more. Copyright © 2024 Yogapedia Inc. - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy - Editorial Review Policy Dictionary Topics Q&A Guides About Contributors Advertising Info Write for Us Contact Us Sitemap Follow Us Subscribe To Our Newsletter Email(Required) EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. By clicking sign up, you agree to receive emails from Yogapedia and agree to our Terms of Use & Privacy Policy. Yogapedia Terms # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z close