Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: eatright.org Skip to main content Browse Academy Websites Visit eatright.org Visit eatrightPRO.org Visit eatrightSTORE.org Visit eatrightCPE.org Find a Nutrition Expert About RDNs and NDTRs Become an RDN Find a Nutrition Expert Search by keyword Food Back to Main Menu Food Food is essential for everyone. It plays a role in our culture, heritage and everyday lives, from ordinary days to special occasions and holidays. Learn about the importance of each food group and how to properly plan and prepare nutritious meals and snacks in a safe way. Learn more Food Groups Fruits Vegetables Grains Protein Foods Dairy and Alternatives Fats Food Groups Food Groups Fruits Vegetables Grains Protein Foods Dairy and Alternatives Fats Home Food Safety Wash and Separate Foods Safe Cooking and Prep Cleaning Tips Safe Food Storage Home Food Safety Home Food Safety Wash and Separate Foods Safe Cooking and Prep Cleaning Tips Safe Food Storage Planning Smart Shopping Meals and Snacks Away from Home Food Security and Sustainability Planning Planning Smart Shopping Meals and Snacks Away from Home Food Security and Sustainability Food Preparation Cooking Tips Kitchen Tools Herbs and Spices Seasonal Foods Food Preparation Food Preparation Cooking Tips Kitchen Tools Herbs and Spices Seasonal Foods Cultural Cuisines and Traditions African African American Central and South American East Asian European Indian Middle Eastern and South Asian Holidays and Celebrations Celebratory Dates Cultural Cuisines and Traditions Cultural Cuisines and Traditions African African American Central and South American East Asian European Indian Middle Eastern and South Asian Holidays and Celebrations Celebratory Dates Health Back to Main Menu Health Dietary needs change during each stage of life. A nutritious, balanced eating plan can help ensure you're getting enough essential nutrients to maintain optimal health or manage health conditions. Plus, learn about the latest nutrition trends and how mental health is connected to physical health. Learn more Essential Nutrients Vitamins Minerals Protein Fats Water Carbohydrates Supplements Essential Nutrients Essential Nutrients Vitamins Minerals Protein Fats Water Carbohydrates Supplements Pregnancy Fertility and Reproduction Prenatal Nutrition Breastfeeding and Formula Baby's First Foods Pregnancy Pregnancy Fertility and Reproduction Prenatal Nutrition Breastfeeding and Formula Baby's First Foods Health Conditions Allergies and Intolerances Arthritis and Inflammation Bone Health and Osteoporosis Cardiovascular Health/Heart Disease/Hypertension Cancer Celiac Disease Diabetes Digestive and Gastrointestinal Eating Disorders Endocrine Disorders HIV/AIDS Intellectual Disabilities Kidney Disease Malnutrition and Deficiencies Health Conditions Health Conditions Allergies and Intolerances Arthritis and Inflammation Bone Health and Osteoporosis Cardiovascular Health/Heart Disease/Hypertension Cancer Celiac Disease Diabetes Digestive and Gastrointestinal Eating Disorders Endocrine Disorders HIV/AIDS Intellectual Disabilities Kidney Disease Malnutrition and Deficiencies Wellness Awareness Campaigns Nutrition Panels and Food Labels Diet Trends Healthful Habits Mental Health Vegetarian and Plant-Based Weight and Body Positivity Wellness Wellness Awareness Campaigns Nutrition Panels and Food Labels Diet Trends Healthful Habits Mental Health Vegetarian and Plant-Based Weight and Body Positivity Fitness Back to Main Menu Fitness Whether you're competing in a sport or working out at the gym, how you fuel your body can impact performance. Learn how healthful eating supports exercise and recovery, plus get ideas on how to incorporate regular physical activity in your routine. Learn more Physical Activity Benefits of Exercise Exercise Nutrition Workout Ideas Physical Activity Physical Activity Benefits of Exercise Exercise Nutrition Workout Ideas Sports & Performance Beginner and Intermediate Advanced Sports & Performance Sports & Performance Beginner and Intermediate Advanced Recipes Back to Main Menu Recipes With a focus on healthful ingredients that offer nutrition and dietary variety, these recipes are developed by registered dietitian nutritionists and show how easy it can be to prepare and serve healthful foods for any meal occasion. Learn more Breakfast Breakfast Breakfast Entrees Entrees Entrees Salads Salads Salads Snacks and Sides Snacks and Sides Snacks and Sides Soups and Stews Soups and Stews Soups and Stews Baby Food Baby Food Baby Food Beverages Beverages Beverages Desserts Desserts Desserts Kids Back to Main Menu Kids Developed by the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Foundation, the Kids Eat Right campaign is dedicated to promoting a healthful today and tomorrow for children and families. Access nutrition information, healthful recipes and more. Learn more For Baby For Baby For Baby For Toddler For Toddler For Toddler For Preschooler For Preschooler For Preschooler For Gradeschooler For Gradeschooler For Gradeschooler For Teen For Teen For Teen Seniors Men Women LGBTQ Find a Nutrition Expert About RDNs and NDTRs Become an RDN Find a Nutrition Expert Search by keyword Your trusted source of food and nutrition information.The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics offers information on nutrition and health, from meal planning and prep to choices that can help prevent or manage health conditions and more. Today's Featured Article Food Security and Sustainability 10 Ways to Save Time and Money at the Grocery Store With so many choices on today's grocery store shelves, it's easy to get overwhelmed. Make shopping easier by following these 10 guidelines. See More March is National Nutrition Month®! Access downloadable resources in English, Spanish, Arabic, Chinese, Hindi, Tagalog and Vietnamese.50 Ideas to Get Involved in National Nutrition Month®Use our social media toolkit to spread the word about National Nutrition Month® on Facebook, Twitter/X, Instagram and LinkedIn.Shop the Academy's National Nutrition Month® catalog for gifts to give colleagues and friends for RDN Day and NDTR Day, plus promotional items and plenty of fun products for yourself! Celebrate RDN Day - March 13 Celebrate NDTR Day - March 14 About National Nutrition Month® Handpicked For You National School Breakfast Week Breakfast in Schools: Healthy and Nutritious Kids benefit from starting the day with a healthy breakfast. In fact, research suggests that kids who eat breakfast regularly tend to be more alert in school and, therefore, are able to learn better. Learn More National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month Navigating Colorectal Cancer: Risk Factors, Screening and Lifestyle Tips Colorectal cancer is more common in men than women, and most diagnoses occur after the age of 50. However, several organizations have updated their screening guidelines due to the increased number of young adults who have been diagnosed with colorectal cancer in recent years. Learn More Freshly Curated ContentAbout RDNs and NDTRsLearn about the education and expertise that makes Registered Dietitian Nutritionists (RDNs) the experts in nutrition and health, as well as details about Nutrition and Dietetics Technicians, Registered (NDTRs). Learn More Power Up with BreakfastBreakfast gives you energy to start the day and a healthy breakfast is important for everyone. Get the morning nutrition you need with these quick breakfast ideas. Learn More Set Smart Lifestyle Goals with the Help of a Registered Dietitian NutritionistRegistered dietitian nutritionists are committed to helping people enjoy healthy lives through food and nutrition. Here are a few ways, plus how to find an RDN in your area. Learn More Fitness Flicks: Nutrition for Active KidsYoung athletes need different amounts of calories based on their age, body size and activity level. Is your active child getting enough calories? Learn More Learn To Cook At HomeHere are eight tips to develop basic cooking skills, especially if you have a small kitchen, limited utensils and appliances or a tight budget. Learn More 5 Ways to Promote a Positive Body Image for KidsWhatever their size or weight, children can develop either a positive or negative view of their bodies as early as preschool. It's up to parents and other adult role models to play a pivotal role in promoting a positive body image for children. Learn More What a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Can Do for YouWhen you need food and nutrition information based on fact or need to know how a healthy diet improves health and fights disease—rely on qualified professionals in the field. Learn More Family Exercise Ideas for Every SeasonThe key to an active family is finding fun things to do in every season. Aim for a goal of 30 minutes for adults and 60 minutes for kids of moderate activity daily — no matter the weather! Learn More Winter Foods for KidsWhen the temperatures drop and the daylight hours are shorter, energy levels can take a big dip, right along with mood. These foods will help your kids stay healthy — and happy — this winter. Learn More 5 Tips to Kick Bad Eating Habits to the CurbAre you guilty of skipping breakfast, ordering takeout too often, getting jitters from coffee overload and counting potato chips as part of a viable diet plan? It's time to kick those habits to the curb and start eating right. Learn More Shop Healthy on a BudgetThe key to smart, budget-friendly grocery shopping is to plan ahead for the week and, with a little know-how and advance planning, you can enjoy nutritious foods while sticking to a tight budget. Learn More Slow Cooker Tips for Busy WeeknightsToo busy to cook? Use a slow cooker. It does all the cooking for you while you're at work or busy with the kids, minimizing time spent in the kitchen. Learn More Feed Your Family Healthfully on a Limited BudgetWhen resources are tight, many families must choose between paying household bills or buying food. If a limited budget makes it difficult for you to buy food, there is help for you and your family. Learn more! Learn More Ice Speed: Fueling Strategies for HockeyWhen it comes to fuel, the demands of high school ice hockey players are high. Consuming optimal foods and fluids both on and off the ice is essential. Learn More Find a Nutrition Expert Looking for credible nutrition information and recommendations? The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics' network of credentialed food and nutrition practitioners are ready to help! See Directory Who We Are Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics National Nutrition Month® For Media Who We Are Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics National Nutrition Month® For Media The Nutrition Experts About RDNs and NDTRs Become an RDN Become an NDTR Find a Nutrition Expert Code of Ethics for RDNs and NDTRs The Nutrition Experts About RDNs and NDTRs Become an RDN Become an NDTR Find a Nutrition Expert Code of Ethics for RDNs and NDTRs Popular Links Watch Videos Celebratory Dates Awareness Campaigns Popular Links Watch Videos Celebratory Dates Awareness Campaigns Accessibility Statement Contact Us Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Social Media Policy Work at the Academy 2024 © Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. All Rights Reserved. Connect: Connect: