Archello | Your connection with architecture Home Projects Products Inspiration Manufacturers Firms News Awards Drawings Sign in Sign up Toggle navigation Projects Products Inspiration Manufacturers Firms News Awards Drawings en English Sign in Sign up Trending News 10 residential buildings that make a feature of exterior stairs Inspiration The Artists’ Garden by Jansen Project & Spec Kitsilano Product Spotlight ECLISSE Syntesis Areo by ECLISSE Project Spotlight Quatuor Luc Boegly 4 Mar 2024 • News 25 best brick cladding manufacturers Bricks can produce beautifully textured surfaces with unique qualities of color and grain based on brick dimensions, the nature of the clay mix, and the stacking patterns by which walls are layered. The many brick cladding products on the market offe... More Alek Malachowski 2 hours ago • News Metropolitan station in Lublin designed as one of the most sustainable projects of its kind in Poland Warsaw-based architecture studio Tremend has completed Dworzec Lublin, a new metropolitan station in Lublin, Poland, with distinctive openwork pillars holding aloft a decorative canopy roof. The station is at the core of the multidimensional Integrat... More Karina Castro 1 Mar 2024 • News Emixi Architectes designs a temporary classroom pavilion in a park Lausanne-based Emixi Architectes has completed the design and build of a temporary classroom pavilion in Romanel-sur-Lausanne, a municipality in Switzerland. Located in Prazqueron Park, the contemporary, single-story building has four corner classroo... More Charles Bouchaïb 29 Feb 2024 • News RAUM completes the meticulous rehabilitation and extension of a community swimming pool French architectural studio RAUM architectes has completed the meticulous rehabilitation and extension of a community swimming pool in Saint-Méen-le-Grand, a town in Brittany, France. The studio’s design marries old and new to create a u... More FG+SG - Fernando Guerra 29 Feb 2024 • News Archello Houses of the Month - February 2024 Archello has selected its Houses of the Month for February 2024. This list showcases the 20 most outstanding private houses added to Archello's project library during the past month, chosen from hundreds received. To be selected, the project must hav... More The Artists’ Garden by Jansen Find products by looking at inspirational projects Inspiration: Archello’s Spec Reference Guide allows Architects to source materials by looking at products applied in realized projects. The Guide gives a quick overview of how the product looks in a wide range of different projects. Browse Inspiration Sign Up for Free Projects + Specs Provoke Studio Provoke Studio Kitsilano By Kalu Interiors • Private Houses • Canada • 2023 The homeowners wanted a space that was elegant and sophisticated but yet still friendly for her small children to play in. Provoke Studio Provoke Studio Some key challenges were that the contractor initially engaged to renovate the home di... More Product Spec Sheet View All Wallpaper Nuvolette wallpaper, Frutto Proibito&nbspand Melville by Cole & Son Hood Fan Massimo Pro by Falmec Pendants Precision by Kelly Wearstler Subway Tiles Adex usa Tiles Flooring Ames Tile & Stone Terrazzo Tiles Ann Sacks Francesco Dolfo Francesco Dolfo Loft DE By Atelierzero • Apartments • Italy • 2023 The project involves the complete renovation of a former industrial warehouse, located in an area of Milan undergoing a significant urban regeneration.The site boasts unique features, including elongated spaces that allow an uninterrupted line of sig... More Product Spec Sheet View All Chairs CHAIR by Lombrello Lighting Mini Glo-ball&nbspand Mayday by Flos Manufacturers LINOLEUM by Forbo Eurocol Nederland B.V. Floor Forbo Flooring Systems Lighting Arkoslight S.L. Marble elements Bianco 67 Jae W V Kim Jae W V Kim Sunny Side Up By THISS Studio • Private Houses • United Kingdom • 2023 THISS Studio has transformed the ground floor of an interwar terraced house in Clapton, East London. The practice has reimagined a compact kitchen and dark living room to introduce volume, light and fresh personality with a thoughtful rear extension... More Product Spec Sheet View All Lighting Gregg by Foscarini Lighting Melina by Hand & Eye Studio Terrazzo Tiles Euval Timber Windows K&D Joinery Paint Little Greene Kitchen Mereway Kitchens Product Spotlight ECLISSE Syntesis Areo By ECLISSE ECLISSE Syntesis Areo By ECLISSE CÉRAMIQUE Table lamp By Flos CÉRAMIQUE Table lamp By Flos KWC ORA Lever mixer A145 By KWC KWC ORA Lever mixer A145 By KWC Zero - integrated cooking system By Falmec Zero - integrated cooking system By Falmec Félix Michaud 29 Feb 2024 • News Appareil Architecture’s prefabricated modular cabin prioritizes eco-responsibility Montreal-based Appareil Architecture has completed the Micro-Cabine, a small-scale cabin that was developed during the Covid-19 pandemic. Designed for a natural setting, one typically off the beaten track, Appareil focused attention on minimizing the... More 29 Feb 2024 • Archello Awards Lori Zillante, Ermis Adamantidis, Grace Coulter Sherlock and Oliver Braun join Archello Awards 2024 jury Archello is excited to introduce four new jurors joining the panel for the Archello Awards 2024 program, which will recognize outstanding design and innovation across 75 architecture product and project categories this fall. Read on to learn more abo... More Paul Vu 28 Feb 2024 • Specification 10 residential buildings that make a feature of exterior stairs A staircase or stairway is one of those architectural elements that we take for granted on a daily basis. Stairs have a utilitarian design, facilitating both ascent and descent. Elevators (lifts) and escalators might dominate modern-day “transi... More Gustav Willeit 26 Feb 2024 • News Bernardo Bader Architekten designs a contemporary take on a traditional hut Bregenz-based Bernardo Bader Architekten designed Haus Gapfohl as a solitary wood dwelling — a contemporary take on a traditional hut. The house sits on a sloping, south-facing terrace in an Austrian valley called Laternsertal. The compact stru... More Eiichi Kano 26 Feb 2024 • News Stacked boxes create a zigzagging indoor-outdoor plaza in Nanhu District, Jiaxing B.L.U.E. Architecture Studio (Beijing Laboratory for Urban Environment) has completed Seed Plaza in Nanhu District, Jiaxing, China, a zigzagging indoor-outdoor plaza composed of a series of stacked boxes, set in a semi-rural location. In use as an ex... More Partner News dooor 17 Jan 2024 • Partner News Introducing Partner Dooor Folding or bi-fold doors make use of limited space by opening in panelized or pleated sections, with... More Cupa Pizarras 15 Nov 2023 • Partner News Introducing Partner Cupa Pizarras Cupa Pizarras is a world leader in natural slate. A member of the Cupa Group, it operates 20 quarrie... More Fry Reglet 30 Oct 2023 • Partner News Introducing Partner Fry Reglet Precision detailing is characteristic of contemporary architecture. Clean lines and joints, planar s... More More Partner News Sara Magni Sara Magni MTV By Atelierzero • Offices • Italy • 2023 The renovation of Mind The Value’s offices in Milan, a prominent company specializing in proce... More Product Spec Sheet View All Buddy 211SBy PEDRALI Buddy 210SBy PEDRALI Buddy 212SBy PEDRALI Furniture Buddy 212S, Buddy 210S&nbspand Buddy 211S by PEDRALI Door MIES SINGLE GLASS by ADL Furniture HAL RE Tube Stackabl... by Vitra. Lighting Marset Furniture &Tradition Barton Taylor Barton Taylor Fun Haus By Alexander Symes Architect • Housing • Australia • 2023 Fun Haus seeks to push preconceptions of space per person on a small 117m2 urban site in Inner City... More Product Spec Sheet View All A69.06.48 Icon Wall Mixer Set Astra Walker Tapware A69.06.48 Icon Wall...&nbspand Icon by Astra Walker Cladding and roofing Surfmist® by Colorbond Insulation Earthwool wall batts by Knauf Doors and Windows Binq windows Joinery LAMINEX Jason Roehner Jason Roehner Haven Gymnasium By debartolo architects • Masterplans, • Sports Centres, • Churches • United States • 2023 The Haven Gymnasium is located in Glendale, Arizona, approximately 17 miles from the central business district of downtown Phoenix. The first building in a multi-phase master plan for the 10-acre site, the new sports complex allows the congregation t... More Product Spec Sheet View All Translucent Lightwall 3440 LIGHTWALL 3440 by EXTECH/Exterior Technologies, Inc. Excel NR Floor System Action Floor Systems Cement Board Finish System Dryvit Systems, Inc. Paint Dunn Edwards Structural Acoustical Metal Deck Epic Metals Corp Maxam 26 Telescoping Bleachers Hussey Seating Company Project Spotlight Galleria By Glasshape Galleria By Glasshape Quatuor By Reynaers Aluminium Quatuor By Reynaers Aluminium Rain Tree House By Guz Architects Rain Tree House By Guz Architects Modern house in Groesbeek By FAKRO Modern house in Groesbeek By FAKRO BoysPlayNice 23 Feb 2024 • News Bučina Cottage is inspired by traditional construction of timber houses in Czech Republic Designed by Prague-based architectural studio ADR, Bučina Cottage is a contemporary residence for the manager of Malá Úpa ski resort in the Czech Republic. The building’s cross shape draws on a regional vernacular, inspired by the... More Julien Lanoo 22 Feb 2024 • News Herzog & de Meuron bases SIP Main Campus on the concept of a courtyard house International architectural practice Herzog & de Meuron has completed SIP Main Campus, a large-scale innovation complex situated on the north-west edge of Allschwil in Switzerland. The building’s structural concept allows for a variety of a... More Kere Architecture 22 Feb 2024 • Specification 10 public buildings that rely on natural ventilation The climate emergency necessitates an approach to architecture that looks at all aspects of a building’s design from an environmental perspective. There is an increasing desire to reduce the energy loads on a building, making it more cost effec... More José Hevia 20 Feb 2024 • News Student residence reflects former industrial heritage and character of Poblenou, Barcelona Barcelona-based architecture and urbanism firm JPAM has completed a student residence in the 22@ district of Poblenou, Barcelona. A project for student accommodation provider VITA, delivered in collaboration with Barcelona-based AVA Studio, the build... More Daria Scagliola for MVRDV 19 Feb 2024 • Specification 25 best natural wood facade cladding manufacturers Exterior wood facade cladding is a textured, natural material that makes a strong aesthetic statement for sustainability and connections with nature. For building envelopes, high quality cladding products can be durable, weatherproof, and require lit... More Guilherme Pucci Guilherme Pucci Duplex Ipiranga By Pietro Terlizzi Arquitetura • Apartments 2-storey apartment (Duplex) totaling 160.0m² located close to the Ipiranga Museum, area - SP.The building, made up of 2 relatively low towers (9 floors), one of which is set back from the street (in which our apartment is located), brought a ple... More Product Spec Sheet View All Manufacturers Portobello S.A. Manufacturers Arkos sistemas Manufacturers By Kamy Manufacturers Lepri Finas Cerâmicas Rústicas Manufacturers Yamamura Nilkanth Bharucha (Noaidwin Sttudio) Nilkanth Bharucha (Noaidwin Sttudio) Earth Abode By Muse Architects • Apartments • India “It all started with a notion of taking the clients on a nostalgic trip and giving the visual comfort of their ancestral home,” says architect Urvi Mistry. The diversity of culture that comes along with the geographical progress in any di... More Product Spec Sheet View All Paint Asian Paints Upholstery Decora Hardware Ebco Hardware HETTICH Finishes Merino Laminates David Boyer David Boyer Maison Lavande By Issastudio • Offices, • Factories • Canada • 2023 ISSASTUDIO opens the doors of Maison Lavande's administrative center in the lower Laurentians region... More Product Spec Sheet View All Sicla Teknion Cloison de verre Sicla by Teknion Tapis Interface Éclairage Luminaire Authentik Mobilier MillerKnoll Céramique Stonetile Products behind Projects Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Mysen School by Arkama Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Løvvangen – living and socialising Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Solheimslien by Arkitektgruppen CUBUS AS Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Kilden Kindergarten by LINK arkitektur Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Suurpelto Kindergarten by auer & sandås architects Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Kongsvinger School by HLM Arkitektur Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Lighthouse Joensuu by Arcadia Oy Architects, Finland Steni ColourBy STENI AS Steni Colour by STENI AS Applied in Project Campus Örebro by Juul Frost Architects Schnepp Renou 16 Feb 2024 • News Studio Razavi Architecture designs a Parisian apartment building that promotes urban densification Paris-based Studio Razavi Architecture has completed 93 Petit, a residential apartment building in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. Reflecting on the premise of 93 Petit, Studio Razavi comments: “Regardless of their size, all buildi... More Yohan Zerdoun Photography 15 Feb 2024 • Detail Detail: The planned disassembly of a temporary wooden sports hall in Zurich Swiss architectural practice Itten+Brechbühl AG (IB) has completed the “Sporthallenprovisorium Gloriarank” — temporary sports hall Gloriarank. Located in the center of Zurich, the prefabricated wooden structure will provid... More 14 Feb 2024 • News 25 best architecture firms in Dubai Innovation and futuristic vision define architecture in Dubai. The city's skyline, a panorama of towers, is a reflection of human aspiration, soaring to new heights and new forms of urban dynamism. Home to both local offices as well as regional headq... More Tom Van Acker for dbv architecten 14 Feb 2024 • News B-architecten designs a multifunctional sports complex with indoor cycling track in Flanders Wielerdroom Heusden-Zolder is a multifunctional sports complex with a 250-meter indoor cycling track and central sports fields in Flanders, northeastern Belgium. At 16,000 square meters in size, the project was built on a former race track and is the... More Kuvatoimisto Kuvio Oy 13 Feb 2024 • Specification 10 workplaces that use sandwich panels in their construction A sandwich panel is a construction material that is typically made up of three layers to form a composite panel — two outer layers cover an inner core (just like a sandwich). These panels are usually lightweight and have several attributes that... More Brooke Holm Brooke Holm Nomad Loft By Michael K. Chen Architecture • Private Houses • United States Michael K. Chen Architecture (MKCA) has designed the renovation of a 2200-square-foot loft in a... More Product Spec Sheet View All Diabolo Flos Pendants Diabolo by Flos Stone tile Fior di Bosco stone... by Artistic Tile Lounge Chair Arc Lounge Chair by Moving Mountains Pendant Arbor pendant by Roll & Hill Wall tile Bera and Beren Wall... by Walker Zanger Iñaki Bergera Iñaki Bergera RM Apartment Refurbishment By Iñigo Beguiristain • Apartments • Spain • 2023 The reform of a duplex on the top two floors of a building in the ski resort of Formigal is proposed... More Product Spec Sheet View All PH 5By Louis Poulsen TAB FLOORBy Flos Floor Lamp TAB FLOOR by Flos Pending lamp PH 5 by Louis Poulsen sideboard CRUISE coffee table&nbspand LT40 Storage wall by Lema SPA Floor Lamp TMC by Santa & Cole Chair CH24 | WISHBONE CHAI... by Carl Hansen & Søn Mesa Haus Mesa Haus Between Light & Shadow By Intheory Design • Apartments • Singapore • 2023 What was the brief?-It resonates profoundly with the introspective journey of homeowner’s life through the lens of their living spaces.Lighting symbolizing the homeowner's journey in life. Illuminated space represents happy moments, success, an... More Product Spec Sheet View All Tiles Hafary Pte Ltd Stone Counter top Hua Khian Co Laminate Lamitak Blinds softhome Interior lighting Sol Luminaire Wall (Limewash) Vasari Singapore Products Products we think you should see BIM Across By Luceplan The result of the first collaboration between Luceplan and the studio Pio & Tito Toso, Across is a versatile and dynamic lamp,... 3 BIM kreon kagi By Kreon kagi means "key" in Japanese referring to the shape of a keyhole, which equals the shape of the profile, and mimics the key to a 3... BILBOQUET Table Lamp By Flos Bilboquet is a table lamp by Canadian designer Philippe Malouin, marking his first collaboration with Flos. The lamp cons... 41 SlimLine 38 By Reynaers Aluminium Its slender and user-friendly design makes the SlimLine 38 high-insulation system the perfect fit for any contemporary project. Th... 34 Steni Colour By STENI AS We have launched a completely new colour collection, developed in collaboration with Scandinavia's leading experts in colo... XLIGHT - PORCELANOSA By PORCELANOSA XLIGHT features an unparalleled design, revolutionising the world of interior design for homes. The wide range of large format por... BIM Across By Luceplan The result of the first collaboration between Luceplan and the studio Pio & Tito Toso, Across is a versatile and dynamic lamp,... 3 BIM kreon kagi By Kreon kagi means "key" in Japanese referring to the shape of a keyhole, which equals the shape of the profile, and mimics the key to a 3... BILBOQUET Table Lamp By Flos Bilboquet is a table lamp by Canadian designer Philippe Malouin, marking his first collaboration with Flos. The lamp cons... 41 SlimLine 38 By Reynaers Aluminium Its slender and user-friendly design makes the SlimLine 38 high-insulation system the perfect fit for any contemporary project. Th... 34 Steni Colour By STENI AS We have launched a completely new colour collection, developed in collaboration with Scandinavia's leading experts in colo... XLIGHT - PORCELANOSA By PORCELANOSA XLIGHT features an unparalleled design, revolutionising the world of interior design for homes. The wide range of large format por... en English Language Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Português 日本語 Region Australia Brazil Canada Germany Spain France United Kingdom Global India Mexico Nederland USA Discover Home Projects Products Inspiration Manufacturers Firms News Awards Events Collections Drawings Archello About For Architects For Manufacturers Specifier Brand Resources Contact Social Media Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Terms Privacy © 2024 Archello Footer Discover Home Projects Products Awards Inspiration Manufacturers Firms News Events Collections Drawings Archello About For Architects For Manufacturers Specifier Brand Resources Contact Connect with us Manufacturers Join Here © 2024 Archello Terms Privacy Global Australia Brazil Canada Germany Spain France United Kingdom Global India Mexico Nederland USA Language: English Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Português 日本語 We use cookies on our website. By continuing to browse our website, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. I Accept