6sqft | NYC local news, events, and apartments Distinctive Homes NYC Guides New Developments Shop Explore More Events & Things To Do Food & Dining Celebrities Neighborhoods& Locations History Architecture& Design Real Estate Trends Policy Affordable Housing Transit SEARCH Sign Up for the Newsletter Get the best of six sq ft in your inbox every day. Email(Required) No Worries. We Don’t Spam. 7 must-have luxury apartment perks in NYC, according to brokers Brooklyn's historic Paramount Theatre to reopen in March Asking $20M, a university president's Greenwich Village residence enters a new chapter NYPL’s Tremont Branch. Photo courtesy of NYC Landmarks Preservation Commission March 5, 2024 120-year-old Carnegie library in the Bronx is now a city landmark By Aaron Ginsburg A Bronx public library that has served as a vital community space for more than a century is New York City's newest landmark. The Landmarks Preservation Commission (LPC) on Tuesday voted to designate the New York Public Library's Tremont Branch as an individual landmark. Constructed in 1905, the library at 1866 Washington Avenue was financed by philanthropist Andrew Carnegie and designed by acclaimed firm Carrère and Hastings, the architects behind the library's iconic main branch at 42nd Street and 5th Avenue. The library is regarded for its significance as a critical space for the neighborhood, in addition to its architectural importance, according to the LPC. READ MORE Architecture And Design Policy Rendering courtesy of Whole Foods March 5, 2024 Whole Foods to open small-format shop on the Upper East Side this year By Aaron Ginsburg Whole Foods is piloting a new, small-format convenience store on the Upper East Side this year. The supermarket chain on Monday announced plans to open a “Whole Foods Market Daily Shop” at 1175 Third Avenue as part of an ongoing effort to provide a quick and convenient shopping experience for customers in urban areas. The Upper East Side location, which will replace The Food Emporium that closed last April, marks the first step in a broader expansion project, with the grocer expecting to open multiple New York City locations and in other cities across the United States in the future. learn more Food & Dining Steve McCurry, “Monks Praying at Golden Rock,” Kyaikto, Myanmar, 1994. Courtesy Cavalier Galleries March 5, 2024 Interview: Famous photojournalist Steve McCurry on authenticity, truth, and trust in today’s world By Michelle Cohen As the spring arts season awakens, an exhibition of note will be ending its run at the Cavalier Galleries in Chelsea: Now through March 9, take the opportunity to experience work by American photojournalist Steve McCurry. As one of our most celebrated contemporary photographers, McCurry is best known for his unforgettable portrait of 12-year-old Afghan refugee Sharbat Gula, the "Afghan Girl" who gazed from the cover of National Geographic magazine in 1985. The current solo exhibition marks the release of McCurry’s new book, "Devotion: Love and Spirituality" (Prestel, 2024). The show features over 30 photos that span more than four decades, captured during Curry's visits to Cuba, Ethiopia, India, Myanmar, Pakistan, the Philippines, and Tibet. The images are both timeless and current, featuring human struggles and daily lives. find out more Events & Things To Do Openings Images courtesy of New York Restoration Project March 4, 2024 20+ free tree giveaways to take place across NYC this spring By Aaron Ginsburg It's free tree season. The New York Restoration Project (NYRP) on Monday announced plans to dole out 3,500 trees across the city during its annual tree giveaway. Registration is now open to receive a free tree during 20+ events starting April 13 through May 12. learn more Events & Things To Do Along 62nd Street looking north toward Damrosch Park. Photo by Lawrence Sumulong. March 4, 2024 Lincoln Center taps design team to make Amsterdam Ave side of campus accessible ‘performance park’ By Devin Gannon A plan to transform the west side of the Lincoln Center campus into a publicly accessible space for performance and play is moving forward. The Lincoln Center for Performing Arts (LCPA) on Monday announced a design team made up of Hood Design Studio, Weiss/Manfredi, and Moody Nolan will reimagine the Amsterdam Avenue-facing side, starting with turning Damrosch Park into a state-of-the-art outdoor "performance park." details here Architecture And Design All photos courtesy of NYC DOT March 4, 2024 First public e-bike charging station opens in the East Village By Aaron Ginsburg New York City's first public, outdoor e-bike battery charging station opened last week as part of a six-month pilot program to test safer technologies for delivery workers and provide an alternative to charging bikes inside. The first of five to open in the coming weeks, the new station is located at Cooper Square in the East Village. The infrastructure includes a battery-swapping cabinet to swap out dead batteries for fully charged ones and a secure charging rack where workers can lock up their bikes and charge them while parked. The city said 100 delivery workers will initially participate in the pilot program and provide feedback on the charging hubs. find out more Policy Transit Photo credit: Hayley Ellen Day and Joel Pitra of DDreps March 4, 2024 This $12.5M Chelsea carriage house has a garage, three outdoor spaces, and a two-bedroom flat By Michelle Cohen Spring will soon be in the air, and warmer weather brings dreams of al fresco dining and backyard entertaining for fortunate city dwellers with patios, decks, and private gardens. This four-story carriage house at 313 West 20th Street has three separate outdoor spaces–and a spacious garage, right in the heart of Chelsea. Asking $12,500,000, the historic home, built circa 1900, is a 25-foot-wide Manhattan mansion–with the option of a top floor apartment for rental income. take the carriage house tour Distinctive Homes Suffragists marching, probably in New York City in. New York, 1915. [Photograph] Retrieved from the Library of Congress March 1, 2024 How to celebrate Women’s History Month in NYC By Aaron Ginsburg Every March, Americans celebrate Women's History Month, a chance to highlight the invaluable contributions of women who helped shape the history of the nation. In New York City, where the month-long holiday began in 1909, there is a large selection of engaging, informative, and entertaining ways to show your admiration for influential women. Ahead, here are some ways to celebrate Women's History Month in NYC, from learning about women who changed the history of the five boroughs with the Urban Park Rangers to listening to hilarious comics at the Knockout Women's Comedy Festival. find ways to celebrate Events & Things To Do History Photo credit: Stefano Ukmar for Brown Harris Stevens March 1, 2024 Landmarked Boerum Hill townhouse owned by 90s designer Daryl K asks $6M By Devin Gannon A stately Brooklyn townhouse owned by fashion designer Daryl Kerrigan is on the market for $6,000,000. Built in the mid-1870s, the red brick home at 324 State Street in Boerum Hill features a facade of original Italianate and Greek Revival elements so striking that the building was designated as a city landmark. The Dublin-born designer, better known as Daryl K, became a fixture of the lower Manhattan fashion scene during the 90s, designing clothes for musicians and artists and costumes for movies like “My Cousin Vinny.” take the tour Distinctive Homes Distinctive Homes Longtime UES home of Barbara Walters back on the market for $17M after deal falls through 6sqft's top stories of 2023! For $4.75M, this Williamsburg condo wraps 21st-century living in glass, with a priceless view Watch the sunset over the NYC skyline from the balcony of this $1.7M Williamsburg waterfront loft This $12.5M Chelsea carriage house has a garage, three outdoor spaces, and a two-bedroom flat Look out on the city from high above the Lower East Side in this $3.8M penthouse For $4.6M, this classic Park Slope limestone updates history without erasing the details 6sqft's top 10 'distinctive homes' of 2023 This $9.75M East Village duplex has Cape Cod-style charm topped by a rooftop cottage A millwork-wrapped co-op in FiDi's iconic Morse Building asks $2.25M VIEW ALL Photo credit: Al Siedman/VHT for The Corcoran Group March 1, 2024 Tiffany-blue walls and de Gournay designs surround a $1M UES co-op with Deco-era glamour By Michelle Cohen While this jewel box of an Upper East Side co-op may not be vast, it embodies the dream of a classic Manhattan pre-war apartment. Asking $1,085,000, the beautifully renovated one-bedroom co-op at 175 East 79th Street would make the perfect pied-à-terre (they're allowed, with board approval), from the subtle blue hue of the living room walls to the elegant hand-painted de Gournay wall covering in the foyer–and the 1928 bones that frame the entire space. take the tour Distinctive Homes Photo credit: VHT Studios February 29, 2024 For $55K, spend a post-modernist summer in a designer’s Long Island home and studio By Michelle Cohen In Flanders, N.Y., where Long Island's North and South Forks meet, this striking two-bedroom home–recently featured in Cottages & Gardens–belongs to noted interior designer Anthony Baratta. For $55,000, from Memorial Day to Labor Day, the house, studio, and pool at 707 Pleasure Drive can be your design-immersive summer retreat. The home's dazzling curves and angles, bright colors, and pattern details reflect the designer's eye, and the pool and grounds offer endless opportunities for entertaining and enjoying the season. welcome to pleasure drive Distinctive Homes Photo by Eden, Janine and Jim on Flickr February 29, 2024 Hochul wants to make it easier to shut down New York’s illegal smoke shops By Aaron Ginsburg In response to the thousands of illegal smoke shops operating in the state, with an estimated 8,000 in New York City alone, Gov. Kathy Hochul wants to make it easier to close illicit cannabis stores. On Wednesday, the governor proposed streamlining the state's Office of Cannabis Management's (OCM) ability to obtain court orders to padlock stores and permit the orders to be executed by local authorities. According to Hochul, the unregulated stores not only undermine the legal marijuana market but also pose health risks to customers. see more Transit Prithvi Shrestha; Attachment; 2018; acrylic on canvas; courtesy of the artist. February 29, 2024 Rubin Museum’s final exhibition to open in March By Aaron Ginsburg New York City's Rubin Museum has announced its final exhibition before it closes its doors this fall. The museum-wide exhibition, called "Reimagine: Himalayan Art Now," juxtaposes the works of 32 contemporary artists from the Himalayas, Asia, and diaspora against existing items in the museum's collection, offering viewers new ways to interpret traditional Himalayan art. The exhibition will be on view from March 15 through October 6. get more details Events & Things To Do Photo by Adam E. Moreira via WikiCommons February 28, 2024 Murphy proposes new tax on wealthy corporations to fund NJ Transit By Aaron Ginsburg Gov. Phil Murphy has a plan to raise taxes on New Jersey's wealthiest corporations to help NJ Transit meet its roughly $900 million budget deficit. During his annual budget address on Tuesday, the governor unveiled the "Corporate Transit Fee," a new tax on Garden State corporations with net taxable incomes of more than $10 million per year. The proposal raises the corporate tax rate from 9 percent to 11.5 percent for qualifying businesses to create a dedicated funding source for the cash-strapped NJ Transit. learn more Policy Transit Streetview of 300 West 114th Street © 2024 Google February 28, 2024 Harlem comfort food spot Melba’s to open in Grand Central By Aaron Ginsburg Melba's, a beloved Harlem eatery that has been serving comfort food to New Yorkers for nearly two decades, is coming to Grand Central Terminal. The new outpost, expected to open in the transit hub's dining concourse in June, will feature some of the restaurant's most popular items, like chicken and waffles, fried catfish, and collards, according to Eater NY. find out more Food & Dining Photo credit: Tim Waltman of Evan Joseph February 28, 2024 Cozy Brooklyn Heights co-op has pre-war charm and a bright, sunny kitchen for $1.5M By Michelle Cohen In a classic pre-war building at 161 Henry Street in historic Brooklyn Heights, just a few blocks from the Promenade and Brooklyn Bridge Park, this two-bedroom co-op has a bright disposition, and not just in the sun-washed south-facing kitchen. Asking $1,500,000, the cozy 1,000-square-foot apartment has 10-foot ceilings, two full bathrooms, a washer/dryer, and treetop views from three exposures. have a closer look Distinctive Homes Image courtesy of Strolicfurlan on Flickr February 27, 2024 MTA reveals congestion pricing exemptions for people with disabilities By Aaron Ginsburg The Metropolitan Transportation Authority on Monday announced two plans to provide people with disabilities exemptions from the new congestion pricing toll, which could take effect as early as June. The Individual Disability Exemption Plan (IDEP) allows New Yorkers with disabilities to register one vehicle to be exempt from the Central Business District (CBD) tolling program. The second program, the Organizational Disability Exemption Plan (ODEP), permits organizations transporting people with disabilities, such as Access-A-Ride, to apply for the exemption. learn more Policy Transit Renderings courtesy of The Moinian Group and Bushburg February 27, 2024 Leasing launches for apartments at Brooklyn’s landmarked Empire State Dairy complex By Aaron Ginsburg Here's a chance to live in a modern apartment building within a historic and unique Brooklyn property. Leasing launched this week for 320 apartments at The Highland at 2480 Atlantic Avenue, the site of the landmarked Empire State Dairy Company complex in East New York. Developed by The Moinian Group and Bushburg and designed by Dattner Architects, the mixed-use development incorporates the early 1900s buildings with a brand new 14-story residential tower offering a mix of studios, one-bedrooms, two-bedrooms, and three-bedroom rentals. find out more Affordable Housing Architecture And Design Popular Articles 4 NYC seafood spots that will make you feel like you’re on vacation Nothing says summer in the Northeast like sitting by the water with fresh seafood and a cold drink. Why is New York’s Houston Street pronounced ‘How-stun?’ One of the surest ways to know an out-of-towner is if they pronounce it “HUE-stun” instead of “HOW-stun” Street. Vintage NYC subway rides are back every Saturday during the holidays The New York Transit Museum’s Holiday Nostalgia Rides are back this season. Every Saturday between Thanksgiving and Christmas, New Yorkers can embark on old-school NYC subway trains in Manhattan from 2nd Avenue on the uptown F line platform and 145th on the downtown D line platform. Know of something cool happening in New York? Let us know: Pitch a Story Photo by James and Karla Murray exclusively for 6sqft February 27, 2024 Stunning nine-story atrium at The Beekman Hotel is up for landmark status By Devin Gannon Once part of New York City architectural lore, the nine-story Victorian atrium at The Beekman Hotel may soon be formally recognized. The Landmarks Preservation Commission on Tuesday voted to calendar the central atrium of 5 Beekman Street for consideration as an interior landmark. Built as part of the 19th-century commercial building Temple Court, the space consists of eight tiers of galleries topped by a cast-iron pyramid-shaped skylight. For decades, the atrium was walled in and off-limits to the public, until work began in 2014 to restore and transform the historic building into a hotel. Now a decade after the project began, the stunning atrium, restored to its former glory and the centerpiece of the luxury Beekman Hotel, is up for landmark status. READ MORE Architecture And Design Policy Photo by Jörg Schubert on Flickr February 26, 2024 New York lawmakers renew push for bird-safe building bills following death of Flaco By Aaron Ginsburg Following the death of Flaco, a beloved Eurasian eagle owl who escaped from the Central Park Zoo and delighted New Yorkers over the last year, the city's bird strike problem has once again come under the spotlight. Flaco died on Friday after colliding with a building on the Upper West Side, according to the zoo. State Sen. Brad Hoylman-Sigal and Assembly Member Anna Kelles on Monday renewed a push for their legislation addressing bird safety, including bills to require state buildings to implement bird-friendly designs and mandate non-essential outdoor lighting be turned off overnight. see more Policy Image courtesy of Billie Grace Ward on Flickr February 26, 2024 In win for Stuy Town tenants, Blackstone drops challenge to rent stabilization By Aaron Ginsburg Every apartment in Stuyvesant Town-Peter Cooper Village is now permanently rent-stabilized. Owner Blackstone Group on Saturday withdrew its appeal of a court ruling last year that found deregulating apartments within Manhattan's largest apartment complex was unlawful. Blackstone, which purchased the 11,200-unit complex in 2015 with plans to charge market-rate rents for half of the apartments, cited its "unwavering commitment" to Stuy Town tenants as the reason for its withdrawal, according to Gothamist. learn more Affordable Housing Renderings courtesy of BFC Partners February 26, 2024 Lottery opens for 131 units at shoreside Staten Island rental, from $1,790/month By Devin Gannon In a Staten Island neighborhood gearing up for development, this new 100 percent affordable building is leading the way. The Pearl, located at 475 Bay Street in Stapleton, is a 12-story tower with 270 apartments, about half of which are affordable to households earning at or below 80 percent of the area median income. The project is one of the first developments to be built under the recent Bay Street Corridor rezoning. A housing lottery opened last week for 131 apartments; qualifying New Yorkers can apply for the units, priced between $1,790/month for studios and $2,481/month for three bedrooms. do you qualify? Affordable Housing Photo courtesy of Related-Oxford February 23, 2024 $12B Hudson Yards casino proposal details three skyscrapers, 1,500 apartments, a hotel, and offices By Aaron Ginsburg What could a casino look like in Hudson Yards? Related Companies this week filed plans with the city detailing a massive $12 billion development on the undeveloped western portion of Hudson Yards. As first spotted by Crain's, the proposal calls for the construction of three skyscrapers, including an 80-story residential building with 1,500 apartments, an office tower with roughly 2.2 million square feet of office space, and a gaming facility and hotel resort with 1,750 rooms run by Wynn Resorts. Related is one of the latest developers to unveil plans as part of a bid for one of the three downstate casino licenses to be awarded in the coming months. learn more Architecture And Design Policy Image courtesy of Lerone Pieters on Unsplash February 22, 2024 Westfield sued over plans to ditch Fulton Center By Aaron Ginsburg A plan from the Westfield Corporation to exit its 20-year retail lease at Fulton Center early is being met with a lawsuit from the New York City Transit Authority. As first reported by Bloomberg, the NYCTA sued Westfield after the mall operator announced it wanted to terminate its lease 10 years in. The suit, which aims to keep Westfield as the mall's operator, claims the transit agency would suffer major financial losses that could impact commuters if Westfield pulled out of the lease. learn more Policy Transit Photo courtesy of Douglas Elliman February 22, 2024 This $3.25M Gramercy two-bedroom comes with expansion potential–and a key to the park By Michelle Cohen This two-bedroom apartment on a high floor at 50 Gramercy Park North, asking $3,250,000, is spacious enough in its current form. Making use of a sprawling great room, a third large bedroom can be created, adding value and livability. Floor-to-ceiling windows look out over the classic Manhattan neighborhood. Even better: Proximity to Gramercy Park means lucky residents get coveted keys to the private park. Get a closer look Distinctive Homes Drew Hamilton Houses in Harlem. Photo by Jim.henderson on Wikimedia February 22, 2024 5,000 NYCHA apartments are sitting vacant, new report finds By Aaron Ginsburg Despite the city's current housing and homelessness crisis, about 5,000 public housing apartments are sitting vacant. According to a report published Wednesday by Bart Schwartz, the federal monitor overseeing the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA), a special team assembled by the agency to expedite turning over vacant apartments has actually slowed down the process, leaving apartments in need of repairs empty for months, as The City reported. The number of empty NYCHA apartments has increased from just about 490 in 2021 to nearly 5,000 as of last month, even though roughly 240,000 New Yorkers are on the waitlist for an apartment. learn more Affordable Housing Policy Photo by Bex Walton on Flickr February 21, 2024 Mayor Adams sued over failure to enact housing voucher laws By Aaron Ginsburg The New York City Council on Wednesday filed a motion to join a class-action lawsuit against Mayor Eric Adams for failing to comply with new laws regarding housing vouchers that should have taken effect on January 9. The Legal Aid Society filed the suit last week on behalf of four plaintiffs who are unable to access housing vouchers they are entitled to under laws passed by the City Council last year, according to Gothamist. get more info Affordable Housing Policy A millwork-wrapped co-op in FiDi's iconic Morse Building asks $2.25M Take a Tour THE 6SQFT SHOP The best websites for buying and selling used furniture in NYC 8 best places in NYC to thrift for home goods The 6 best furniture rental companies in NYC New York City's best holiday markets of 2023 Everything you need to know about using a guarantor in NYC 15 quintessential NYC gifts for the New Yorker in your life Everything you need to know about affordable housing: applying, getting in, and staying put 10 Ways to Decorate an Exposed Brick Wall Without Drilling 10 Great Places to Buy Affordable Art in New York City Raising chickens in NYC: Laws, tips, and everything else you need to know VIEW ALL All photos courtesy of Google. February 21, 2024 Google opens new NYC office at historic St. John’s Terminal By Devin Gannon Google on Wednesday officially opened its newest New York City office. What once was a freight terminal in an industrial section of lower Manhattan is now a high-performing modern workplace for thousands of employees. Anchoring Google's larger campus in Hudson Square, the historic St. John's Terminal building at 550 Washington Street has been reimagined by COOKFOX Architects with a nine-floor addition atop three existing floors, a sustainable and biophilic design, diverse work areas, and outdoor communal spaces with Hudson River views. see it here Real Estate Trends Image courtesy of Marc A. Hermann / MTA on Flickr February 21, 2024 MTA installing LED lights in every NYC subway station By Aaron Ginsburg Bright LED lights will be installed in every New York City subway station in a new effort to make the system safer for commuters, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority announced this week. The project includes replacing all 150,000 fluorescent lights across the city's subway system with LED lighting by the middle of 2026. Officials say the lights will enhance safety on the subway by brightening every platform and mezzanine and improving the visibility of the 15,000 security cameras found throughout the transit system. find out more Policy Transit Rendering courtesy of the NYC Department of Housing Preservation and Development February 21, 2024 Lottery opens for 83 mixed-income luxury apartments near Times Square, from $934/month By Aaron Ginsburg A housing lottery opened this week for 83 mixed-income apartments at a new rental in Midtown West. Located at 312 West 43rd Street on the border of Times Square and Hell's Kitchen, the 33-story building offers 330 luxury apartments with high-end finishes, state-of-the-art amenities, and a central location. New Yorkers earning 40, 60, and 120 percent of the area median income, or between $32,023 for a single person and $183,000 for a household of five, can apply for the apartments, which range from $934/month studios to $3,813/month two bedrooms. see more Affordable Housing Photos courtesy of Evan Joseph for The Corcoran Group February 20, 2024 Annie Leibovitz sells UWS home for $2M over asking price By Aaron Ginsburg Annie Leibovitz has sold her Upper West Side co-op for nearly 24 percent over the asking price. The duplex, located in the star-studded Brentmore building at 88 Central Park West, fetched $10,625,000, roughly $2,000,000 more than what it listed for in October. But the sale was still a loss for Leibovitz, who paid about $11,250,000 for the home in 2014. The Brentmore is known for its high-profile residents, including Robert DeNiro, Paul Simon, and Sting. Kim Cooper, a general counsel at Apple, and Gregg Zehr, the creator of the Kindle, are listed as buyers of the residence, as Curbed first reported. learn more Celebrities Real Estate Trends Renderings courtesy of STAT Architecture PC February 20, 2024 All-electric affordable housing project planned for Mott Haven parking lot By Aaron Ginsburg A project that will bring an all-electric affordable housing development and a new community theater to Mott Haven is moving forward. The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) last week selected the team that will convert a city-owned parking lot at 351 Powers Avenue into a 90-unit, fully-electric affordable housing development dubbed the Powerhouse Apartments. The South Bronx development is part of Mayor Eric Adams' "24 in 24" plan, which calls for two dozen affordable housing developments on public land to advance this year. details this way Affordable Housing All renderings courtesy of the NYC Department of Housing Preservation and Development February 16, 2024 21 middle-income luxury apartments available in the South Bronx, from $1,800/month By Aaron Ginsburg Applications are now being accepted for 21 middle-income apartments at a new rental development in the South Bronx. Located at 2976 Third Avenue in Melrose, the 15-story building offers residents newly constructed luxury units with spacious open layouts. New Yorkers earning 130 percent of the area median income, or between $61,715 for a single person and $198,250 for a household of five, can apply for the apartments, priced at $1,800/month for studios, $2,250/month for one-bedrooms, and $2,600/month two-bedrooms. Find out if you qualify Affordable Housing All renderings are conceptual. Courtesy of Vornado February 16, 2024 Vornado floats temporary outdoor event space at site of demolished Hotel Pennsylvania By Aaron Ginsburg Vornado Realty Trust may bring an outdoor event space to the site of the former Hotel Pennsylvania as it delays constructing a 56-story office tower there. As first reported by Crain's, the developer has floated the idea of "Penn Platform," an 80,000-square-foot space for U.S. Open tennis matches, New York Fashion Week shows, concerts, soccer matches, and other events, in addition to giant billboards, as seen in conceptual renderings published in a marketing brochure. Located on 7th Avenue between 32nd and 33rd Streets, the site sits across from Penn Station and was once home to a 100-year-old hotel, which was demolished last year. find out more Architecture And Design Photo credit: Tim Waltman with Evan Joseph Photography February 16, 2024 Daring details add a spark of personality to a classic $2.35M Village co-op By Michelle Cohen On a Gold Coast block, this vibrant Village apartment at 2 Fifth Avenue stands out against a classic co-op setting. A thorough renovation by interior designer Sasha Bikoff leaves no corner untouched by creative detail and adventurous design. Asking $2,350,000, the two-bedroom home has a private balcony and unrivaled views down the Avenue. get a closer look Distinctive Homes Photo courtesy of SERHANT. Studios February 15, 2024 Gaze at the sun, moon, and stars above from this $5.45M Tribeca penthouse By Michelle Cohen With a private terrace, fireplaces, open city views, and a front-row seat to the sky above, you could definitely call this sprawling three-bedroom condo at 459 Washington Street a trophy pad. Asking $5,450,000, this downtown Manhattan home boasts plenty of living and entertaining space along with modern design details and amenities exactly where you need them. take the penthouse tour Distinctive Homes Your Daily Dose of NYC Life! Email(Required) No Worries. We Don’t Spam. By providing your email address, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. All photos courtesy of the Free Portrait Project February 15, 2024 Portraits of 200 Brooklynites on view at Industry City By Aaron Ginsburg The portraits and stories of 200 South Brooklyn residents will be on display in Sunset Park later this month as part of the Free Portrait Project. During a year-long residency at Industry City that began in January 2023, artist Rusty Zimmerman selected Brooklynites to be the subjects of oil paintings and share their oral histories. The portraits, which will be given to participants for free, will be on view from Saturday, February 24 through March 25. learn more Events & Things To Do The Orchid Show: Florals in Fashion, Collina Strada by Hillary Taymour. Photo courtesy of the New York Botanical Garden February 15, 2024 Walk the runway at the New York Botanical Garden’s fashion-forward orchid show By Aaron Ginsburg The New York Botanical Garden's beloved orchid show returns this weekend, bringing the catwalk with it. Designed by artists Hillary Taymour, Olivia Cheng, and FLWR PSTL (a.k.a. Kristen Alpaugh), "The Orchid Show: Florals in Fashion" is transforming the Enid A. Haupt Conservatory into a picture-perfect fashion show with stylish creations made with thousands of orchids and accessory plantings. Tickets are now on sale for the show, which opens on Saturday, February 17, and runs through April 21. find out more Events & Things To Do Rendering of Freedom Plaza courtesy of Negativ February 14, 2024 Bjarke Ingels unveils design for Freedom Plaza casino development next to the U.N. By Devin Gannon As the state's process for choosing a site for a New York City gaming facility continues to slowly move forward, new renderings released this week offer a closer look at one proposed casino in Manhattan. Renowned architecture firm Bjarke Ingels Group (BIG) on Monday unveiled new images of Freedom Plaza, a mixed-use development with apartments, a hotel, a museum, a 4.77-acre public park, and an underground casino just south of the United Nations. see the proposal Architecture And Design Policy Photo of the Wegmans at Astor Place. Courtesy of Wegmans February 14, 2024 Wegmans may open on the Upper West Side By Aaron Ginsburg Wegmans may be continuing its foray into Manhattan with a new space on the Upper West Side. As first reported by the New York Post, Danny Wegman, chairman of the Rochester-based grocery store, recently signed a long-term lease for the former 58,900 square foot space of Bed Bath & Beyond at 1932 Broadway between 64th and 65th Streets. While the exact amount Wegman paid for the space isn't known publicly, sources told the Post that it was a "blended $3.5 million." find out more Food & Dining The company of Mobile Unit’s “The Comedy of Errors,” touring the five boroughs May 2-21 and returning to The Public May 25-June 11. Photo credit: Peter Cooper February 14, 2024 Free Shakespeare in the Park program traveling to all five boroughs this summer By Aaron Ginsburg Shakespeare is coming to a park near you this summer. The Public Theater on Tuesday announced its free Shakespeare in the Park program will travel to all five boroughs while its Central Park home, the Delacorte Theater, undergoes a renovation. Kicking off on May 28, "Go Public! A Festival of Free Shakespeare in the Park" includes a citywide tour of "The Comedy of Errors" by the theater's mobile unit at parks and plazas across the city, including on the Fifth Avenue Terrace at the New York Public Library and Bryant Park and in Hudson Yards. see more Events & Things To Do Image via WikiCommons February 13, 2024 The Brooklyn Edison Building may be NYC’s next landmark By Aaron Ginsburg The Landmarks Preservation Commission on Tuesday voted to calendar the Brooklyn Edison Building in Downtown Brooklyn. Located at 345 Adams Street, the office building was designed by renowned architectural firm McKenzie, Voorhees & Gemlin and constructed between 1922 and 1926 for the Brooklyn Edison Company. The structure stands out for its important role in the borough's development and its striking Renaissance Revival architectural features, according to the commission. find out more Architecture And Design Policy Rendering of 64 University Place courtesy of Argo Real Estate and Bsafal, Inc February 13, 2024 Cronut creator Dominique Ansel opening bakery in Greenwich Village condo By Devin Gannon At a brand new condominium in the Greenwich Village, Cronuts will be one of its selling points. Dominique Ansel, inventor of the iconic pastry, will operate a 2,000-square-foot bakery at 64 University Place, an under-construction 28-unit residential tower designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox. The new bakery will be the third Dominique Ansel location in Manhattan. find out more Food & Dining Photos courtesy of Douglas Elliman February 13, 2024 $19.5M Tribeca townhouse of late designer Thierry Despont sells after three years By Aaron Ginsburg The Tribeca townhouse of late French architect Thierry Despont, best known for renovating New York City landmarks like the Statue of Liberty and the Carlyle Hotel, has finally sold after three years on the market. The five-bedroom townhouse at 182 Franklin Street entered contract with an asking price of 19.5 million, according to CityRealty. Despont, who died in August at the age of 75, listed the property in 2021 for $25 million. find out more Real Estate Trends Photo of Owl’s Head Park in Bay Ridge courtesy of NYC Parks/ Daniel Avila February 13, 2024 17 spots to go sledding in New York City By Devin Gannon Sledding has long been a New York City pastime during the long winter months, thanks to the many hills and slopes found in parks across the five boroughs. With the first real snowstorm in two years upon us, it's the perfect chance to escape your apartment and get some fresh air and winter fun. Ahead, find the best places to go sledding in every borough, from scenic Sunset Park in Brooklyn to the natural rolling hills of Manhattan's Inwood Hill Park. See the full list Events & Things To Do 9 DeKalb Avenue in Downtown Brooklyn Take a Tour One Manhattan Square 252 South Street Lower East Side Sweeping views and endless amenities 1 beds starting at $1,230,000 2 beds starting at $1,990,000 3 beds starting at $2,790,000 Learn More Photo credit: Shannon Dupree/DDReps for The Corcoran Group February 13, 2024 This $7M limestone townhouse brings restored Park Slope perfection to historic beauty By Michelle Cohen The stately limestone townhouse at 615 Third Street embodies the dream of Park Slope living within the landmarked, historic blocks that surround Prospect Park. Asking $6,995,000, the four-story single-family home spans 4,550 square feet, including a triplex anchored by a ground-floor apartment. Built in 1899, this iconic property is filled with meticulously restored historic details that form a backdrop for equally considered top-of-the-line renovations. Take the townhouse tour Distinctive Homes Photo via pxhere February 12, 2024 The best space heaters for small apartments By Terri Williams Space heaters are a great way to add extra warmth to a small, drafty apartment. And as long as you use them as recommended, space heaters are perfectly safe – especially the newer versions, which come with lots of safety features. Options include powerful models that can oscillate, show the temperature on the digital display, have remote controls, and are compatible with voice assistance – and some can also cool and purify the air. Ahead find some of the best space heaters for small apartments. stay warm this winter Shop Photos courtesy of NYC Housing Preservation and Development February 12, 2024 Crown Heights townhouse seized from slumlords available for $678K through lottery By Aaron Ginsburg A Crown Heights townhouse owned by an infamous slumlord duo and seized by the city is for sale. The home at 1214 Dean Street was turned over in 2022 after a $2.25 million settlement between the city and the previous owners, who tried to illegally evict tenants during the pandemic and ran an illegal hotel. Following a restoration, the property is now accepting applications as part of the city's affordable housing lottery system. First-time homebuyers with at least a four-person household earning 110 percent of the area median income can apply to buy the home, which is listed at $678,000. HOW TO APPLY Affordable Housing Policy Photo by Eden, Janine and Jim via Flickr cc February 12, 2024 Village Cigars in Greenwich Village closes amid rent dispute By Aaron Ginsburg Village Cigars, the iconic Greenwich Village smoke shop in front of Hess Triangle, New York City's smallest piece of private land, has closed after over a century in business. The shop, located at 110 Seventh Avenue and Christopher Street within a distinctive red triangle-shaped building, shut its doors amid an alleged rent dispute between owner Andy Singh and landlord Jon Posner, as reported by Curbed. Posner claims that he signed a separation agreement with Singh, which required him to vacate the store by February 7. get more info History Real Estate Trends Photo by Monstera Production via Pixabay February 9, 2024 40 gift ideas for every type of Valentine By Terri Williams Valentine’s Day is an opportunity to give your loved one something they will really appreciate. It could be candy and flowers – but it could also be something that, at first glance, doesn’t seem like a Valentine’s Day gift. The point is to get them something that they’ll want, like, and use. With that in mind, we’re suggesting a variety of Valentine’s Day gift ideas that are sure to please. our picks Shop 123 Our Mission More than just current events, here you'll learn about the places, people, and ideas that are shaping your city. DISCOVER Distinctive Homes New Developments NYC Guides 6sqft Shop Events & Things To Do Food & Dining Celebrities NYC History Architecture & Design Real Estate Trends Policy Affordable Housing Transit NYC NEIGHBORHOODS Upper West Side Upper East Side Harlem Midtown Chelsea West Village Soho Tribeca Lower East Side Financial District Dumbo Park Slope Downtown Brooklyn Williamsburg Greenpoint Long Island City All Neighborhoods OUT OF THE CITY The Hamptons & Long Island Upstate New Jersey Connecticut IN THE CITY People Places Organizations Businesses Buildings Buy a Home Sell Your Home MORE About 6sqft Advertise With Us Pitch A Story Send Us A Tip General Contact Never miss a story again! Email(Required) No Worries. We Don’t Spam. By providing your email address, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. 6sqft is produced by CityRealty Find amazing New York City Apartments at CityRealty.com © 2023 6sqft. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Cookie Policy Accessibility Feedly RSS Pitch a Story We love to hear from you! "*" indicates required fields Email* Name* Your Message Interested in seeing the property in person? It’s free, with no obligation. "*" indicates required fields Email* Name* Phone NumberMessage or Call (212) 755-5544 Interested in seeing the property in person? It’s free, with no obligation. Distinctive Post Form "*" indicates required fields Email* Name* Phone NumberMessage or Call (212) 755-5544 Get in Touch We love to hear from you! "*" indicates required fields Email* Name* Message Delivering New York stories focused on design, lifestyle & real estate. Send us a Tip We love to hear from you! "*" indicates required fields Email* Name* Message Interesting in learning more about purchasing a new home? Let us know what you are looking for and we’ll help you find the home of your dreams. It’s free, with no obligation. or Call (212) 755-5544 Thinking about selling your home? We’ll provide current market comps and connect you with a trusted expert. Sell a Home (Footer) "*" indicates required fields Email* Name* Phone NumberProperty Address Message or Call (212) 755-5544 Before You Move On from this Page. Subscribe for NYC's Lastest Design, Lifestyle, and Real Estate Trends! Email(Required) No Worries. We Don’t Spam. By providing your email address, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.You can unsubscribe at any time. Your Daily Doseof NYC Life! Email(Required) No Worries. We Don’t Spam. By providing your email address, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.You can unsubscribe at any time.