Home | ACCC Skip to content Skip to navigation Skip to search Top utilities Media Contact Our other sites Scamwatch Product Safety Search Menu Search (required) Search Consumers Expand submenu for "Consumers" Buying products and services Advertising and promotions Pricing Problem with a product or service you bought Protecting yourself Debt Specific products and activities Petrol and fuel Telecommunications and internet Business Expand submenu for "Business" Selling products and services Advertising and promotions Pricing Specific products and activities Problem with a product or service you sold Business operations and costs Industry codes Compliance and enforcement Competition and exemptions Mergers By industry Expand submenu for "By industry" Regulated infrastructure Regulatory projects Agriculture Banking and finance Cars and vehicles Childcare Digital platforms and services Energy Food and groceries Franchising Insurance Petrol and fuel Postal services Rail, shipping and ports Telecommunications and internet Travel and airports Water Inquiries and consultations Expand submenu for "Inquiries and consultations" Childcare inquiry 2023 Digital platform services inquiry 2020-25 Electricity market monitoring inquiry 2018-25 Gas inquiry 2017-30 Regional mobile infrastructure inquiry 2022-23 Retail deposits inquiry 2023 Supermarkets inquiry 2024-25 Finalised inquiries ACCC consultations Consultation hub Merger and competition exemption consultations Product safety consultation process ACCC submissions to external consultations Consultative committees Public registers Expand submenu for "Public registers" Mergers registers Public Informal merger reviews Merger authorisations register Pre-November 2017 merger authorisations Authorisations and notifications registers Authorisations register Collective bargaining notifications register Exclusive dealing notifications register Resale price maintenance notifications register Undertakings registers Section 87B undertakings register Section 93AA undertakings register Section 163 undertakings register General undertakings register Infringement notices Class exemptions register Certification Trade Marks register Consumer data right exemptions register Access to services registers Telecommunications registers Price notifications register Shipping investigations register Public warning notice register Gas price cap exemptions register Historical registers Browse public registers Small gas supplier exemptions Conditional gas exemptions About us Expand submenu for "About us" Contact us ACCC priorities ACCC role and structure Conferences and events Freedom of information International relations Media Publications Careers Current vacancies Graduate opportunities Working with us National Anti-Scam Centre We are Australia's national competition, consumer, fair trading and product safety regulator. Find out about our priorities Find out about consumer rights and guarantees Protect yourself from scams Report an issue to the ACCC Find mergers under investigation Learn how to check if a product is safe Report a cartel Work with us Supermarkets inquiry invites your views As part of our supermarkets inquiry, we’re asking Australian consumers to share information about how they shop and what they experience. Consumers can submit information through our online survey. We’re also calling for submissions from farmers, wholesalers, retailers, and other interested parties. Proposed recall notice for LG solar batteries The Assistant Treasurer today issued a proposed recall notice for specified LG solar storage batteries. Consumers are being urged to check their solar energy storage systems for unsafe LG solar batteries. ACCC proposes changes to make childcare affordable and accessible for all families Our Childcare inquiry has found that current childcare markets aren’t delivering on key goals, including accessibility and affordability, for households and communities. Buying products and services Businesses should be clear and upfront about the types of payments they accept. If there's no way for a consumer to pay without an extra charge, the business must include the minimum surcharge in the displayed price. Bank customers missing out on earning more interest from savings Our Retail deposits inquiry has found that consumers are missing out on earning higher interest on their savings. This is due to ongoing barriers to searching for, and switching between, retail deposit products. View all news “We prioritise the issues impacting the Australian economy, consumers and businesses in Australia.” ACCC Chair Gina Cass-Gottlieb Our priorities Fuel prices following global events The ACCC is monitoring retail fuel prices closely as international crude oil prices react to the conflict in the Middle East. Our latest quarterly monitoring report, released on 8 December, noted movements in international prices in October and November. Greenwashing and environmental claims Consumers are now, more than ever, making purchasing decisions on environmental grounds. We'll be investigating a number of businesses for making potentially false or misleading environmental claims. Digital platforms The expansion of digital platforms in Australia has brought benefits, but also created risks and harms that our current consumer and competition laws are not always able to address. We're examining these issues as part of inquiries we conduct and law enforcement cases. Work on some of the biggest issues facing consumers and businesses. Join our team of smart and dedicated people from all walks of life to collaborate on meaningful matters and make a significant and lasting impact for all of Australia. Why work here? View all vacancies Related sites Product Safety Australia Find recalled products, safety information about different products, and report unsafe products. Scamwatch Find out how to recognise, avoid and report scams. Consumer Data Right Find out about the Consumer Data Right, which gives you the right to share your data between service providers of your choosing. ACCC Consumer Rights Facebook ACCC Twitter ACCC Instagram ACCC YouTube ACCC Linkedin The ACCC acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the lands across Australia on which we live and work. We acknowledge their connection to this Country and pay our respect to Elders past, present and emerging. Footer menu ACCC © Commonwealth of Australia Accessibility Cookies Disclaimer and copyright Glossary Privacy