Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide this message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search Search GOV.UK Search Popular on GOV.UK Get support with the cost of living Find out about the Energy Bills Support Scheme Find a job Universal Credit account: sign in Check your National Insurance record Check MOT history of a vehicle Home Organisations Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy Department forBusiness, Energy& Industrial Strategy Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy was replaced by Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, and Department for Business and Trade BEIS existed until 2023 when it was split to form the Department for Business and Trade (DBT), the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero (DESNZ) and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (DSIT). Responsibility for national security and investment policy has gone to the Cabinet Office. Documents Services National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage rates Calculate holiday entitlement See all services Guidance and regulation Domestic private rented property: minimum energy efficiency standard - landlord guidance 13 April 2023 Guidance Energy Bills Discount Scheme 24 July 2023 Guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications Thomas Cook: information for landlords, customers, personal injury claimants, employees, creditors and shareholders 9 January 2024 News story 2,500 new places on artificial intelligence and data science conversion courses now open to applicants 15 November 2023 Press release See all news and communications Research and statistics Review of research bureaucracy 9 February 2024 Independent report Quarterly and annual load factors 21 December 2023 Research and analysis See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Communiqués from the Interministerial Group for Net Zero, Energy and Climate Change 27 February 2024 Policy paper National minimum wage law: enforcement 20 February 2024 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases BEIS: spending over £500, July 2023 9 February 2024 Transparency data BEIS: spending over £25,000, June 2023 9 February 2024 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright