Home | Spirituality+Health Top Magazine Services Subscribe Give a Gift Renew Manage Your Subscription Digital Edition FAQs Subscribe Categories Mental Wellness Spiritual Practices The Body Relationships Perspectives Living in the World Columns The Future of Medicine Community Champion Pathfinding Book Talk The Soul of Therapy Wild Christianity Roadside Musings Magazine Collections Mental Wellness Spiritual Practices The Body Relationships Perspectives Living in the World Digital Edition Find Your Calling Newsletters Columns Collections Podcasts Free eBooks Advertise Subscribe Latest Spiritual Practices 5 Spiritual Books About Animals If you consider yourself a spiritual animal lover, dive into these five book titles suggested by ... Perspectives The Spiritual Meaning of the Tower Tarot Card The Tower tarot card is one of the least-loved cards in the deck, but it offers powerful wisdom ... Guided Meditation for Sleep: Garden of the Goddess Drift off to sleep peacefully with a 17-minute guided meditation into the garden of the Goddess. Perspectives Podcast: Rebecca Martinez, Ethics and Psychedelic Therapy How can we balance the new psychedelic revolution with ethics and inclusion? Alma Institute ... Categories Mental Wellness Spiritual Practices The Body Relationships Perspectives Living in the World Mental Wellness See all Mental Wellness Podcast: Don Miguel Ruiz, The Art of Being Energy How do we break through the fog of illusion and realize our true nature? Beloved author and teacher don Miguel Ruiz explains. Mental Wellness Grieving With the Moon: A Cycling Ritual Grief is a sacred cycle, just like that of the moon. Utilize this powerful but simple month-long ... Mental Wellness Guided Meditation: Spiritual Preparation for Medical Intervention Keep your nervous system calm when you're trying to heal—use this meditation the next time ... Mental Wellness Circadian Rhythms: How to Light Your Way to Better Sleep Aligning your daily routine with the rhythm of day and night can drastically improve your sleep. Spiritual Practices See all Spiritual Practices 5 Spiritual Books About Animals If you consider yourself a spiritual animal lover, dive into these five book titles suggested by our animal chaplain. Spiritual Practices Lessons from Dhumavati, the Tantric Goddess of Despair The Tantric goddess Dhumavati is a dark aspect of the Great Goddess and offers great teachings ... Spiritual Practices Guided Meditation: The Cleansing Power of Fire Utilize the cleansing power of the fire element to motivate you and establish healthy boundaries. Spiritual Practices Podcast: Myra Goodman, How to Cultivate Spiritual Bravery What practices can help us be spiritually brave when life gets hard? Author Myra Goodman shares. The Body See all The Body 3 Crystals for Graceful Aging Healing crystals can support your body, mind, and spirit as you age. Learn which three crystals can help you age with grace and enjoy a grounding crystal ritual. The Body The Spiritual Meaning of Ear Problems Ringing ears? It may be connected to your intuition. Learn more about the spiritual meaning of ... The Body Intuitive Eating for Nervous System Health A board-certified nutritionist, herbalist, and intuitive eating coach offers her best tips to ... The Body 10 Unexpected Forms of Resistance Training A personal trainer helps shake up your resistance training routine with these 10 unexpected ... The Body Guided Meditation: Energy Clearing for Bedtime Trying to fall asleep but feeling weighed down by the day? Drift off with this peaceful guided ... Relationships See all Relationships Try a Light Transmission Ritual to Strengthen Your Relationships One author experienced a light transmission ritual and shares how its power can help us navigate and heal relationships. Relationships Why It’s Okay to Want Romantic Love Love is an ongoing, evolving experience, not something that can be won or lost. If you’re single ... Relationships Podcast: Gilda Montenegro-Fix, Celebrating Diversity and Remembering Love What happens when we replace fear with love and embrace a lens of true inclusivity? Author and ... Relationships 7 Tender Practices to Honor Life's Endings A grief guide offers seven techniques for honoring the many endings in our lives—death, divorce, ... Perspectives See all Perspectives The Spiritual Meaning of the Tower Tarot Card The Tower tarot card is one of the least-loved cards in the deck, but it offers powerful wisdom about big life changes. What’s the spiritual meaning of the Tower tarot card? Perspectives Podcast: Rebecca Martinez, Ethics and Psychedelic Therapy How can we balance the new psychedelic revolution with ethics and inclusion? Alma Institute ... Perspectives Lessons from Eve, the Goddess of Exile The biblical tale of Eve, the first woman, can teach us meaningful lessons about exile, shame, ... Perspectives The Spiritual Meaning of Panic Attacks Panic attacks can be scary and require care, but they can also teach us a lot about ourselves. ... Perspectives A Guide to Overcoming Guilt About Animal Loss Feeling the loss of a beloved animal companion and conflicted about their passing? Eight animal ... Living in the World See all Living in the World Why I’m Not a Motivational Speaker Rabbi Rami shares why he's no longer a motivational speaker, and explores the complex nature of God's plans for our lives. Living in the World 4 Steps to Support Your Vision for Your Life These four steps will help you get into better alignment with your vision for life and help you ... Living in the World Quiz: How Resilient Are You? Can you move with the flow of life, or are you stretched so thin that you might snap? Use this ... Living in the World 10 Techniques to Build Resilience These ten skills can help you navigate through murky waters with grace and wisdom and build ... Living in the World Helping Street Dogs Our animal chaplain shares inspiration for sustaining canine advocacy from a mother-daughter ... Sponsored Perspectives Shaping Resilience: Dr. HT Woodruff's Journey in Emotional Strengthening HT Woodruff’s journey reflects a commitment to navigating the turbulent waters of grief and ... Sponsored Purpose and Profession: How to Find and Follow Your Calling Part of self-actualization is not only working, but satisfaction in that work. Thus the question ... Sponsored Spiritual Practices My Journey from Head to Heart Explore one philosophy professor's personal review of the OJAYA "Armor" technique—a most rare ... Sponsored Spiritual Practices Crystal Cheatham’s Rainbow Resonance Through Socially Responsible Spirituality The philosophy of socially responsible spirituality helps individuals who face prejudice feel a ... Sponsored Spiritual Practices Developing Your Intuition The key to opening our intuitive gifts is knowing ourselves so well that we do not waver. Sponsored Enlightening, Empowering, Innovative, Inspiring ... Don't Miss a Word! Contact About Us Advertise Submissions Magazine Services Subscribe Give a Gift Renew Manage Your Subscription Customer Service ©2024 Spirituality & Health (en-US) Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Information S&H / Site Search ×