Home Page | National Telecommunications and Information Administration Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website. Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. National Telecommunications and Information Administration United States Department of Commerce Search Search Menu About Us About Us NTIA Offices Careers at NTIA Internships Contact Us 45 Years of NTIA Key Issues Artificial Intelligence Build America Buy America ICT Supply Chain Internet For All Internet Policy Kids Online Health and Safety Mobile App Competiton National Spectrum Strategy Public Safety Spectrum Management Funding Programs Funding Programs Broadband Equity Access and Deployment (BEAD) Broadband Infrastructure Program Digital Equity Act Programs Enabling Middle Mile Broadband Infrastructure Program Connecting Minority Communities Pilot Program Public Wireless Supply Chain Innovation Fund (PWSCIF) Tribal Broadband Connectivity Program News Newsroom Blog Press Releases Speech/Testimony Data Central Publications Reports Federal Register Notices Digital Nation Reports FCC Filings Redbook Search Institute for Telecommunication Sciences (ITS) technical publications Other Publications NTIA’s Sixth Annual Spectrum Policy Symposium Just Announced: Biden-Harris Administration Launches National Spectrum Strategy To Advance U.S. Wireless Leadership One Giant Leap for Mobility: Recapping the 2023 5G Challenge Explore the BEAD Initial Proposal Progress Dashboard News and Publications NTIA Asks the FCC to Remove Norfolk “CPA” from the 3.45 GHz Coordination RulesMarch 1, 2024 FCC Filing NTIA, NASA, and NOAA File Comments to the FCC re Proposed 24 GHz OOBE LimitsFebruary 29, 2024 FCC Filing NTIA Charter Of The Interagency Spectrum Advisory CouncilFebruary 27, 2024 Other Publication View all news National Telecommunications and Information Administration NTIA is the Executive Branch agency that is principally responsible for advising the President on telecommunications and information policy issues. NTIA’s programs and policymaking focus largely on expanding broadband Internet access and adoption in America, expanding the use of spectrum by all users, and ensuring that the Internet remains an engine for continued innovation and economic growth. Redbook Manual of Regulations and Procedures for Federal Radio Frequency Management Data Central Data and analysis on computer and Internet use in the United States U.S. Frequency Spectrum Allocation Chart Return to top National Telecommunications and Information Administration Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Contact Us Website owner: Office of Public Affairs, please contact press@ntia.gov. For questions or comments about this website, please contact websitecomments@ntia.gov. National Telecommunications and Information Administration 1401 Constitution Ave., NW Washington, DC 20230 commerce.gov | Privacy Policy | Web Policies | Information Quality | FOIA | Accessibility | usa.gov