Taco Bell YUM – NYSE Company Company Our mission is to build the world’s most loved, trusted and fastest growing restaurant brands. We are evolving KFC, Pizza Hut Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill into iconic, distinctive and relevant global brands. Company About Yum! Brands Board of Directors Leadership Team Our Brands KFC Pizza Hut Taco Bell The Habit Burger Grill Franchising & Real Estate Careers Careers Yum! Brands isn’t your average Fortune 500 company – we like to do things a little differently. From our world-famous culture of fun and recognition to our focus on your career potential, Yum! puts a unique stamp on day-to-day business. You will see why the passion of our people and the power of our brands are just two reasons there’s no place like Yum!. Careers Our Culture How We Work Our Functions Professional Development The Candidate Experience Yum! Digital & Tech Digital Commerce Data & Advanced Analytics Search Jobs Citizenship & Sustainability Citizenship & Sustainability Yum! Brands is focused on building KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill to be the world’s most loved, trusted and fastest growing restaurant brands. As a global company that serves millions of consumers at 55,000 restaurants across 155 countries and territories, we aim to make the world better by acting responsibly with respect to food, planet and people. Citizenship & Sustainability Approach ESG Strategy & Governance Stakeholder Engagement Reporting & Materiality People People Dashboard Unrivaled Culture & Talent Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Social Purpose – Our Unlocking Opportunity Initiative UOI Partners Ethics & Human Rights Food Food Dashboard Food Safety Balanced Choices Plant-Based Options Animal Welfare Planet Planet Dashboard Climate Action Forest Stewardship Sustainable Packaging & Waste Reduction ESG Library Investors InvestorsYum! Brands has over 55,000 restaurants in 155 countries and territories operating the Company’s restaurant brands – KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill. Investors News & Events Events & Presentations Financial Releases Financial Information SEC Filings Annual Reports Guidance Financial Reports Creditors Safe Harbor Statement Stock Dividend History Financial Calculators Analyst Coverage Direct Stock Purchases & Dividend Reinvestment Spin Information Governance Governance Home Board of Directors Governance Documents Code of Conduct Committee Composition & Charters Insider Transactions Resources Contacts Email Notifications News NewsYum! Brands is focused on building KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill to be the world’s most loved, trusted and fastest growing restaurant brands. As a global company that serves millions of consumers at 55,000 restaurants across 155 countries and territories, we aim to make the world better by acting responsibly with respect to food, planet and people. News Press Releases Company News Yum! At A GlanceMedia Library {} Web Content Viewer Display content menu Display portlet menu Taco Bell We believe everyone deserves the right to Live Más – and we’re constantly inspired by the creativity it takes to get there. Taco Bell Logo At Taco Bell, we’ve had innovation on our mind since Glen Bell started serving tacos at the first location in 1962 in Downey, California. Since then, we’ve grown to be a culture-centric, lifestyle brand that provides craveable, affordable Mexican-inspired food with bold flavors. Not only do we provide breakthrough value, we offer quality ingredients and are the first QSR restaurant to offer American Vegetarian Association (AVA)-certified menu items. Taco Bell and our more than 350 franchise organizations operate over 7,200 restaurants that serve more than 40 million customers each week in the U.S. Internationally, the brand is growing with more than 1,000 restaurants across over 30 countries across the globe. We provide educational opportunities and serve the community through our nonprofit organization, the Taco Bell Foundation, and support fans and team members with their passions through programs such as the Live Más Scholarship. We provide access to sports, gaming and new music through our Feed The Beat program. Outside of our restaurants, fans can access Taco Bell through our mobile app, desktop on Ta.co and delivery through our partnership with Grubhub. Taco Bell became the first QSR to launch a mobile app in U.S. restaurants for both drive-thru and dining orders. In 2016, we were named as one of Fast Company’s Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World. To learn more about Taco Bell, please visit www.tacobell.com. Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies and Ads Responsible Disclosure Your Privacy Choices Patents Yum! Brands RSC, 1900 Colonel Sanders Lane, Louisville, KY 40213, 502.874.8300 Complementary Content Deferred Modules ${title}${badge} ${loading} Deferred Modules