ICAN - International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons Join the movement DONATE About About ICAN Nobel Prize Partners Contact Careers Banning Nuclear Weapons Which Countries have Nuclear Weapons Impact of Nuclear Weapons Why a ban? The Treaty Intersessional Progress on the TPNW Meetings of States Parties Nuclear Weapons History Resources and updates How is your country doing? News Resources Media FAQs Take Action Get your Country on board ICAN Cities Appeal ICAN Parliamentary Pledge Events Join the campaign Donate About About ICAN Nobel Prize Partners Contact Careers Banning Nuclear Weapons Which Countries have Nuclear Weapons Impact of Nuclear Weapons Why a ban? The Treaty Meetings of States Parties Nuclear Weapons History Resources and updates How is your country doing? News Resources Media FAQs Take Action Get your Country on board ICAN Cities Appeal ICAN Parliamentary Pledge Events Join the campaign X It's time to end nuclear weapons. Take action! ICAN is the international campaign to stigmatise, prohibit & eliminate nuclear weapons. The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) is a coalition of non-governmental organizations promoting adherence to and implementation of the United Nations nuclear weapon ban treaty. Treaty to ban nuclear weapons Learn more about the treaty › Nations already ratified it See how your country is doing › partner organisations Learn more about the campaign › The truth about nuclear weapons: catastrophic harm, existential threat Nuclear weapons are the most inhumane and indiscriminate weapons ever created. They violate international law, cause severe environmental damage, undermine national and global security, and divert vast public resources away from meeting human needs. They must be eliminated urgently. + Nuclear weapons in current arsenals Learn about their Catastrophic Harm › Nuclear-armed states Who and where? › Nuclear-weapon endorsing States Is your country part of the problem? › Learn more about the threat in our FAQS Latest News Updates All Updates News Press Releases In The Media UPCOMING EVENTS Featured Alerts Press Releases › UPCOMING EVENTS › February 29, 2024 marshall islands Remembering Castle Bravo fuels struggles for nuclear disarmament and nuclear justice February 24, 2024 ukraine Ukraine: how nuclear weapons continue to increase the risks, two years on February 21, 2024 tpnw Fewer financial institutions back the nuclear weapons industry since the Nuclear Weapons Ban Treaty January 23, 2024 nuclear weapons Doomsday Clock remains at 90 seconds to midnight, TPNW a ‘glimmer of hope’ January 22, 2024 tpnw Three years on, how the TPNW is having impact January 19, 2024 south korea Nuclear tensions on the Korean Peninsula set to worsen in 2024 January 15, 2024 sao tome principe 1 São Tomé and Príncipe ratifies Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons December 21, 2023 ican Raising all our voices against nuclear weapons: ICAN’s 2023 highlights December 01, 2023 tpnw Second meeting of states parties agrees nuclear deterrence is the problem December 01, 2023 tpnw Affected Communities at the 2MSP All News › Press All › Media All › Staff All › Events All › Get updates about the campaign Optional email code First Name Email* Yes I want to receive email updates from ICAN about the campaign. ICAN will treat your information with respect. Read more about our Privacy Policy. Previous CAMPAIGN: AMPLIFYING SURVIVOR VOICES Next Listen to the real experts: survivors of nuclear weapons use and testing Since 1945, nuclear-armed states have detonated over 2,000 nuclear weapons, impacting communities around the world. Learn more about the tests, survivors' stories and their activism for justice. Hear their stories Previous CAMPAIGNS: EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES Next Emerging Technologies Today, emerging technologies in the fields of offensive cyber capabilities, artificial intelligence and autonomous technologies will have a significant impact on military behaviour. These technologies add another layer of risk to an already unacceptable level of risk of nuclear weapons use. Eliminating nuclear weapons is the only way to eliminate these risks altogether. Learn More Previous CAMPAIGNS: PARLIAMENTARIANS Next Parliamentarians Legislators are in a key position to promote the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in every country, pushing for its signature and ratification or promoting it abroad. Over 1300 elected officials all around the world have committed to do so through the ICAN Parliamentary Pledge. Get your reps involved Previous CAMPAIGN: UNIVERSITIES Next These are the universities that help to build U.S. nuclear weapons Nearly 50 U.S. universities are involved in the research and design of U.S. nuclear weapons, largely in secret and in contradiction of their mission statements. Students and faculty must demand their universities stop helping to build weapons of mass destruction. Get your school involved Previous CAMPAIGN: ICAN CITIES APPEAL Next Nuclear weapons put all our cities at risk. Now cities like Toronto are stepping up to ban them. Some countries are dragging their feet signing the Treaty. In response. citizens are speaking up and cities are calling on their governments to support and join the treaty.Toronto has been part of the appeal since 2018. What about your city? Get your city involved Resource Centre CampaignersCampaigners Reports and ResearchReports and Research Media Media ICAN Partners /107 Countries with active ICAN Partners International› Africa› Asia› Europe› Latin Am. and Caribbean› Middle East› North America› Oceania› Abolition 2000 »Amplify Youth Network »Ban All Nukes Generation »Global Partnership for the Prevention of Armed Conflict (GPPAC) »Inter Press Service News Agency (IPS) »International Association of Lawyers Against Nuclear Arms »International Association of Peace Messenger Cities »International Association of World Peace Advocates »International Fellowship of Reconciliation »International Peace Bureau »International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War »International Network of Engineers and Scientists for Global Responsibility »International Trade Union Confederation »International Union of Socialist Youth »Mayors for Peace »Nobel Women’s Initiative »Nuclear Weapons Inheritance Project » Middle East Treaty Organization »Youth for TPNW »Servas International » Nyuklia Eureka (African Youth for TPNW) »Rotary Satellite Club of International Peace WORLD » Middle East Treaty Organization »Youth for TPNW »Servas International » Nyuklia Eureka (African Youth for TPNW) »Rotary Satellite Club of International Peace WORLD » Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Comoros Congo Côte d’Ivoire Djibouti Democratic Republic of the Congo Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Eswatini Ethiopia Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Afghanistan Azerbaijan Bangladesh Bhutan Brunei Cambodia China India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Laos Malaysia Maldives Mongolia Myanmar Nepal North Korea Pakistan Philippines Singapore South Korea Sri Lanka Tajikistan Thailand Timor-Leste Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Vietnam Albania Andorra Armenia Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Holy See Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Moldova Monaco Montenegro Netherlands North Macedonia Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia San Marino Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Türkiye Ukraine United Kingdom Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Bahamas Barbados Belize Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Grenada Guatemala Guyana Haiti Honduras Jamaica Nicaragua Panama Paraguay Peru Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Suriname Trinidad and Tobago Uruguay Venezuela Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestine Qatar Saudi Arabia Syria United Arab Emirates Yemen Canada Mexico United States Australia Cook Islands Fiji Kiribati Marshall Islands Micronesia (FSM) Nauru New Zealand Niue Palau Papua New Guinea Samoa Solomon Islands Tonga Tuvalu Vanuatu Any non-government organization is eligible to become an ICAN partner organization. No joining fee or annual subscription is required, although financial and other relevant contributions are welcome. Become an ICAN Partner AboutBanning Nuclear Weapons Resources and Updates Take Action Donate The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) is a coalition of non-governmental organisations in one hundred countries promoting adherence to and implementation of the United Nations Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons.This website was made possible thanks to the generous support of New Zealand and Swiss Loterie Romande. Place de Cornavin 2, 1201 Genève, SwitzerlandEmail: [email protected]General inquiries: +41 22 788 20 63 (Geneva) Privacy Policy Made with NationBuilder Built by Tectonica Your cookies options We use cookies and similar tools to help our site run properly, better understand how it’s being used, and improve your experience. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. You can always change your settings again there on our Cookie Notice. Manage Cookies Functional and analytical cookies (required): necessary for the website to function properly. Marketing cookies: Cookies that help tailor your online experience enable social media features on our site. Accept all cookies Our websites use cookies to collect and track information that helps us improve our website. For more information please read our Privacy Policy Accept Reject