Home | Vancouver SunSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search vancouversun.com Perform search Vancouver Sun Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search vancouversun.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscriptions Our Offers News Local News Politics Health Local Health National True Crime Crime World Education Weather Podcasts BC Public Sector Salaries Database Archives Contact the Newsroom Sports Vancouver Canucks NHL PWHL More Hockey BC Lions CFL NFL Vancouver Whitecaps Soccer Baseball Basketball NBA Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Opinion Columnists Letters Op-Ed Business Local Business Energy Real Estate Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Technology Gaming Internet Retail FP Markets Small Business BC Top Employers Arts Local Arts Music Theatre Festivals Books Celebrity Movies Television TV Listings Hot Topics Life Travel Local Travel Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Essentials Shopping Essentials Home Living Tech Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Deals Travel Guide Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Wine Country Salut! Diet & Fitness Fashion & Beauty Vancouver Sun Run Vancouver Sun Run: Sign up & event info Parenting Relationships Advice Horoscopes Contests National Contests Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Out of Town Properties Westcoast Homes & Design Magazine Westcoast Homes & Design Current Issue Westcoast Homes & Design Previous Issues Special Sections BC Home Garden Show Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics Healthing Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer's Guide Remembering Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Celebrations Real Estate Marketplace Pet Posts & Adoptions Working Shopping This Week's Flyers Auction ePaper Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out News Sports Opinion Business Arts Hot Topics Life Homes Puzzles Comics Healthing Driving Remembering ePaper Newsletters Manage Print Subscription Home | Vancouver SunAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Local News Feral pigs feared in B.C. after wildfires destroy fencing Wild pigs already causing huge problems in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba 6 Comments Local News Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Toxic, demeaning, unwelcoming. Report laments the culture of B.C.'s legislature 25 Comments Vaughn Palmer Columnists News B.C. NDP turns to constitutional case after losing bid to reinstate law on public drug use 22 Comments News News B.C. NDP nomination battle brewing between former and current Vancouver city councillors News Vancouver Canucks Canucks: Black seats are coming to Rogers Arena as upgrades announced with Video Vancouver Canucks Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.News Local First Nations back City of Vancouver on abolishing elected park board The Musqueam Indian Band, Squamish Nation and Tsleil-Waututh Nation signed a letter of endorsement shared by Mayor Ken Sim on Monday with Video 28 Comments 12 hours ago Politics Why rent-to-own is (and isn't) one solution to B.C.'s housing crisis Supporters say rent-to-own will help buyers break into B.C.'s pricey market. Critics say developers are wary because of high interest rates. 20 Comments 21 hours ago Real Estate Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. This B.C. housing provider plans to double in size at a time of great need The B.C. Indigenous Housing Society receives about $10 million annually in public funds to house around 1,800 people. Its new CEO plans to double its size, but some changes under her watch have drawn scrutiny 21 hours ago Local News Update: B.C. confirms first case of measles | Exposure alert issued in Richmond B.C. health officials are urging people to make sure they’re vaccinated against measles before travelling for spring break with Video 20 Comments 17 hours ago Local News Update: B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4-million settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit Lawyer K.S. Garcha says class members who make claims on the $14.4-million settlement can expect to receive between $17.50 and $150 each, depending on how many people submit a claim for the settlement money. 14 hours ago Local News More news stories > Trending Traffic alert: Metro Vancouver drivers warned to prepare for snow Update: B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4-million settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit Surrey drug dealer jailed for six years for role in death of drug user over $5,000 debt Five skiers safe after going missing at Whistler Vaughn Palmer: Toxic, demeaning, unwelcoming. Report laments the culture of B.C.'s legislature Epaper Edition View the latest edition Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Vancouver. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.Sports Canucks: Why this recall of Vasily Podkolzin matters more than the others Gauging the progress of Vasily Podkolzin seems more plausible than showcasing winger in advance of NHL trade deadline. with Video 12 hours ago Vancouver Canucks Canucks Coffee: Brewing up robust Guentzel, Vatrano, Toffoli trade-deadline servings Of course, it’s buyer beware and sticker shock as the Canucks contemplate adding a veteran top-six winger before the trade deadline 21 hours ago Vancouver Canucks Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Canucks 2, Ducks 1: Rest, recovery were best bets to pass first road-trip test The Canucks were fresher, faster, focused in an encouraging and methodical victory to end a 1-5-1 slide and start a three-game trip on the right note 1 day ago Vancouver Canucks The NHL trade deadline is approaching. A flurry of trades are expected with playoff spots at stake The Canucks have ticked a couple of boxes already but don't rule out anything for President Jim Rutherford, who will be exploring every opportunity headed into the deadline. with Video 15 hours ago NHL B.C. high school basketball has one of its greatest championship days ever, including fast break wizardry Brookswood Bobcats guard Jordyn Nohr, who's only in Grade 9, says of her behind-the-back pass: “I’ve done it before and it’s one of my favourites. It makes the stands go crazy.” 1 day ago Sports More sports stories > Around the NetworkSunriseStart your day with a roundup of B.C.-focused news and opinion.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of Sunrise will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Opinion Letters to The Vancouver Sun: Allow teachers to draw from a diversity of authors and texts Opinion: Letters to The Vancouver Sun. Letters to the Editor 9 hours ago Letters Vaughn Palmer: B.C. NDP in glee as United and Conservative MLAs hack at each other Opinion: The centre-right infighting boosts NDP odds of being re-elected 134 Comments Vaughn Palmer 3 days ago Columnists Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Jane Macdougall: The Bookless Club's lifetime of museum memories What resonates with one person may fall flat for another. My son was entranced by the Rembrandts at the Frick Museum in New York City. He was 10. Jane Macdougall 3 days ago Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Expert takes on B.C. Hydro's looming financial problems Opinion: The NDP wants more electricity to reduce use of fossil fuels. But it also wants to limit increases in your hydro bills. Something has to give 36 Comments Vaughn Palmer 4 days ago Columnists Douglas Todd: Population growth squeezing Canada’s young adults like never before Opinion: “We have never seen the young adult population growing anywhere nearly this fast before,” says bank economist Douglas Porter. Many are feeling pressure on housing, jobs and family. 62 Comments Douglas Todd 4 days ago Columnists More opinion stories > weather (Vancouver) view complete forecast Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.BusinessFeaturedLocal BusinessReal Estate Britain isn't such a basket case anymore, at least to investors There’s a new sense of optimism in the UK as a global investment destination ahead of a general election later this year. 6 hours ago Business New listings rose in Vancouver last month, easing pressure: Real estate board The board, which changed its name to Greater Vancouver Realtors last month, says February home sales rose 13.5 per cent from last year to 2,070. with Video 18 hours ago Real Estate Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Fee dispute by B.C.'s eye doctors could threaten treatment for 20,000 seniors Retinal specialists calls the proposed fee code changes by its regulatory body unfair and unprecedented 43 Comments 2 days ago Local News Chrystia Freeland to table budget on April 16 Last year’s budget forecast a $40.1 billion deficit with a $35 billion deficit this year 18 hours ago Politics Apply now: Innovative social-housing project in downtown Vancouver to open in May The goal of Bob and Michael's Place is to set a new standard for social housing, and to be friendly and accessible. 7 Comments 3 days ago News More business stories > Contests More Contests > Special FeaturesAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Entertainment Arts Club Theatre Company announces 2024/2025 season Action, music and even a Cambodian rock band play the Arts Club this coming season 7 hours ago Entertainment What will win at the Oscars? AP’s film writers set their predictions Ahead of the 96th Academy Awards on March 10, Associated Press Film Writers Jake Coyle and Lindsey Bahr share their predictions. with Video 8 hours ago Movies Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Broadway Across Canada announces new season with 7 productions for Vancouver From classics like The Lion King to Beetlejuice and Tina, Broadway Across Canada brings seven shows to Vancouver for the 2024-25 season. 17 hours ago Entertainment Analogue Revolution: How Feminist Media Changed the World kicks off GEMFest Documentary film Analogue Revolution focuses on feminist media in Canada in the 1960s-1990s 15 hours ago Movies Sinéad O'Connor estate demands Trump stop playing her music at rallies O'Connor referred to Trump as a 'Biblical devil,' statement says with Video 19 hours ago Celebrity More entertainment stories > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Hot Topics Liberals, NDP shut down committee probing fired government scientists leaking secrets to China Conservative MP Michael Chong wanted to investigate why covert operations by Xiangguo Qiu and Keding Cheng were not caught earlier with Video 13 hours ago Politics UN envoy says 'reasonable grounds' to believe Hamas committed sexual violence on Oct. 7 There are also "reasonable grounds to believe that such violence may be ongoing." 14 hours ago World Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Singapore prime minister defends exclusive deal with Taylor Swift that riles some neighbors MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Taylor Swift stole the show at an Asian summit Tuesday when Singapore’s leader defended his tiny country’s lucrative concert deal that could cause bad blood with neighboring nations. 8 hours ago Music Luka Magnotta now living in medium-security prison Correctional Service Canada has confirmed the transfer to Quebec's La Macaza prison in 2022. 11 hours ago Crime Two-thirds of Canadians oppose April 1st carbon tax increase: poll The Leger poll commissioned by the Canadian Taxpayers Federation found 69 per cent opposed to increasing the federal carbon tax on April 1 15 hours ago Politics More hot topics stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Life Stanley Park train hops into service for Easter with an accessible car The accessible car wasn't available last Christmas when the popular train returned with Video 19 hours ago Local News Fitness: The no-sweat approach to a longer life Shuffle, stroll, strut, peddle or anything in-between, for as little as five minutes as often as you can. 2 days ago Diet & Fitness Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. B.C. announces new nurse-to-patient ratios for hospitals The minimum ratios will be rolled out by the fall, says the Health Ministry with Video 12 Comments 3 days ago Local News 5 Vancouver chefs share recipes, role models for International Women's Day In honour of IWD, we asked five powerhouse female chefs to share a few favourite recipes — along with a shout-out to the role models who helped and inspired them along the way. 3 days ago Food Anthony Gismondi: Tracking the cork purists who've embraced screwcaps When a country that speaks a romantic language switches from romantic corks to utilitarian screwcaps, you get the sense that more people care about what is inside the bottle 2 days ago Food More life stories > Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.HomesFeaturedWestcoast Homes & DesignBuying & Selling Sold (Bought): Coal Harbour condo has postcard views and luxury touches And it's perfectly positioned next to Stanley Park 3 days ago Homes The Home Front: This Mount Pleasant loft transformation is a lesson in work-life balance Design firm reversed the open-plan design, creating a tranquil, calm environment 4 days ago Homes Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Mosaic Homes sees high demand for new homes in Coquitlam Town Centre ‘It’s all here’ at new residential project Town & Centre 4 days ago Homes Condo Smarts: Strata faces insurance confusion after cold snap damage A stairwell riser froze and burst, causing damage to common areas and 11 units 5 days ago Homes Ways to lighten heavy clay soil for a more productive garden Consider raised beds and compost to improve 6 days ago Homes More homes stories > Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Healthing World Obesity Day 2024: Removing stigma, improving access to care and creating a society of acceptance Canadians living with obesity continue to face stigma, discrimination, and a lack of access to care, but the tides are slowly changing. 21 hours ago Obesity Top obesity associations in Canada: Finding the right organization and resources for you Over 25 per cent of Canadians live with obesity, and these five organizations aim to improve their overall quality of life. 21 hours ago Obesity Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. World Obesity Day 2024: 'My hope is that we can drop the judgment and look for solutions’ Five advocates shared their thoughts on what they felt was the most important issue facing the obesity community. 1 day ago Obesity Matters Machado: We need to stop blaming people for their disease No one chooses to be sick, and being made to feel like you are somehow to blame just piles useless baggage onto shoulders already weighed down and overwhelmed. 3 days ago Opinion Hospital gifts for men: Comfort and entertainment for a speedy recovery When the men in our lives face the challenge of recovery in a hospital setting, finding the right way to support them can significantly influence their healing. 3 days ago Health Essentials More healthing stories > Advertisement 11Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Driving 'Rust Bros' drive big-block 1968 Chevy from B.C. to Toronto’s Motorama Mike Hall and Avery Shoaf are steering a vintage Chevelle clear across the country—and then plan to head on to Las Vegas with Video 14 hours ago Vintage & Collectible 1947 Delahaye, 1962 Ferrari take Best in Show at Amelia Island Concours The prestigious concours finished out a weekend full of classic-car events at the annual show in Florida with Video 16 hours ago Auto Shows Advertisement 11Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Hyundai's 2025 Ioniq 5 updated, finally adds rear wiper The popular EV is also getting a bigger battery for better range, but exactly how much better that range is, we don't yet know with Video 16 hours ago New Vehicles A frozen Quebec lake is no place for a Lamborghini. Or is it? We got the chance to drift Lamborghini models on ice, including a Huracán Sterrato with Video 1 day ago Speed & Performance Listen to the magnificent roar of the V12 Pontiac ‘Pegasus’ The exhaust note of this wild Ferrari-powered ‘70s GM concept car is much talked about but rarely heard—well, until now, that is with Video 3 days ago Vintage & Collectible More driving stories > Advertisement 12AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories News Sports Opinion Business Arts Hot Topics Life ePaper SubscribeFollow Vancouver Sun Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 Vancouver Sun, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK