UNL Institutional Repository Home Search Browse Collections My Account About Digital Commons Network™ Skip to main content DigitalCommons@University of Nebraska - Lincoln My AccountFAQAboutHome DigitalCommons@University of Nebraska - Lincoln UNL's Institutional RepositoryISSN 2766-1415 Browse: Collections-- Public Access: More than 125,000 articles, papers, ebooks, documents, presentations, creative activities, master's theses, public-access dissertations, etc. All free to all users. (Alphabetical by department, center, or group) Journals (open-access) UNL Dissertations from ProQuest-UMI: More than 16,000 PhD dissertations from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Includes all dissertations 1902-present. Free full-text access from UNL campus connections. Users from outside UNL have free abstracts and 24-page previews, with the option to purchase electronic full-text. This area is managed by ProQuest.University of Nebraska-Lincoln users from off-campus connections should proceed directly to the resource you desire; you will be asked to authenticate with your UNL ID number for free download of full-text dissertations from ProQuest. Please remember to log out or close browser when you are done. UNL Libraries Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates and Resources Open Access Publishing Agreements at UNL Libraries Nebraska Scholarly Commons serves all four University of Nebraska campuses--Kearney, Lincoln, Medical Center, and Omaha: https://scholarlycommons.nebraska.edu/. The "search" box at the left conducts a full-text search of more than 1 million pages; the Advanced search link enables selection of search fields such as title, author, dates, etc. The repository is a collaborative service of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln libraries. Faculty, researchers, and students associated with the University of Nebraska-Lincoln are invited to deposit digital materials for long-term preservation and worldwide electronic accessibility. For assistance in depositing documents or for more information regarding the Digital Commons, contact Sue Gardner, email , or Linnea Fredrickson, email . Instructions for would-be self-depositors may be seen at Digital Commons--Information and Tools. Degree candidates seeking to deposit theses or dissertations should proceed to their department, program, or college (CBA, CEHS) area from the “Collections” page, or check here: http://digitalcommons.unl.edu/gsdissinfo/ For the Media Commons (graphic materials), see https://mediacommons.unl.edu For the Data Repository, see https://dataregistry.unl.edu Search the Digital Commons Network of more than 675 institutions, with over 4 million items, at http://network.bepress.com. Discipline Wheel At a GlanceTop 10 DownloadsAll time Recent Additions60 most recent additionsActivity by year Paper of the Day Feeding behavior of Aphis glycines (Hemiptera: Aphididae) on soybeans exhibiting antibiosis, antixenosis, and tolerance resistance E. L.L. Baldin, Mitchell D. Stamm, et al. This collection is part of the Digital Commons Network™ Visit any of the disciplines in the Digital Commons Network™ Architecture • Arts and Humanities • Business • Education • Engineering • Law • Life Sciences Medicine and Health Sciences • Physical Sciences and Mathematics • Social and Behavioral Sciences Search Enter search terms: Select context to search: in this repository across all repositories Advanced Search Search Help Notify me via email or RSS Administrator Resources How to Cite Items From This Repository Copyright Information Browse Collections Disciplines Authors Author Corner Author FAQ Submit your paper or article Guide to Submitting UNL Digital Commons RSS Feed Elsevier - Digital Commons Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement Privacy Copyright