Bechdel Test Movie List Bechdel Test Movie List /bech·del test/ n. 1. It has to have at least two [named] women in it 2. Who talk to each other 3. About something besides a man Movie list 2024 (6 movies) Argylle The Beekeeper Dune: Part Two Lisa Frankenstein Mean Girls Megamind vs. The Doom Syndicate 2023 (110 movies) 65 A Beautiful Life Air Anatomie d'une chute Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania Are You There God? It's Me Margaret Astérix et Obélix: L'Empire du Milieu Asteroid City Bad Living Barbie Beau is Afraid BlackBerry Blue Beetle The Book of Clarence Bottoms The Boy and The Heron The Boys in the Boat Champions Chicken Run: Dawn of the Nugget Christmas with Jerks Chupa Cocaine Bear The Color Purple Conann Concrete Utopia The Creator Creed 3 Demon Slayer: Kimetsu No Yaiba - To the Swordsmith Village Dungeons & Dragons: Honour Among Thieves Elemental Evil Dead Rise Fast X Five Nights at Freddy's Flamin’ Hot The Flash Four Daughters The G Ghosted Godzilla Minus One Gran Turismo Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 Happiness for Beginners Haunted Mansion Heart of Stone The Holdovers The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes I Hate You to Death InCar Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny Infinity Pool Insidious: The Red Door The Iron Claw It Lives Inside Jawan Je verrai toujours vos visages Je'vida Jules Killers of the Flower Moon Kuolleet lehdet Leo Les choses simples The Little Mermaid Liu lang di qiu 2 Living Bad The Marvels May December Missing Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1 My Christmas Hero Nimona No Hard Feelings Nowhere Nyad Oppenheimer Past Lives Pathaan PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie The Perfect Find Polite Society Poor Things The Portable Door The Priest's Exorcist Quiz Lady Reality Reflect Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé Renfield Reptile Resident Evil: Death Island The Royal Hotel Saw X Scott Pilgrim Takes Off SCREAM VI Second tour Slotherhouse Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse Spy Kids: Armageddon The Super Mario Bros. Movie Tarla Tetris Thank You, I’m sorry Theater Camp Trolls Band Together Wahou! Wingwomen Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey Wonka The Young Arsonists The Zepotha Killer The Zone of Interest 2022 (84 movies) The 355 A Fada do Lar A Man Called Otto The Adam Project Against the Ice All Quiet on the Western Front All the old knives Allra síðasta veiðiferðin Ambulance As bestas Athena Avatar: The Way Of Water Babylon The Bad Guys Badhaai Do The Banshees of Inisherin Barbarian The Batman Beavis and Butt-Head do the Universe Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Blackbird Blade of the 47 Ronin Blasted Blonde The Bob’s Burgers Movie Bodies Bodies Bodies Bones and All Brahmastra Part One Shiva Broker Bros The Bubble Bullet Train Burning Days (Kurak Günler) Catherine Called Birdy Catwoman: Hunted Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers Cici Clerks III Code Name Banshee Confess, Fletch Crush Dark Glasses Darlings Death on the Nile Deep Woods Den siste våren (Sister, What Grows Where Land Is Sick?) Disenchanted Do Revenge Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Don't Worry Darling Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero EL Agua El cuarto pasajero Elvis Emergency Emily the Criminal Enola Holmes 2 Everything Everywhere All at Once The Fabelmans Fall Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore Final Cut Fire Island Flux Gourmet Fresh Gangubai Kathiawadi Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery Gone in the Night Good luck to you, Leo Grande The Good Nurse Goutte d'Or Grand Paris The Gray Man Great Yarmouth: Provisional Figures Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio Halloween Ends Halloween Kills Hellbender Hocus Pocus 2 The House The In Between In with the Devil: Hand to Mouth In with the Devil: Pilot In with the Devil: WhatsHerName continued on next page You can also search or list per year, or list all movies. About The Bechdel Test, or Bechdel-Wallace Test, sometimes called the Mo Movie Measure or Bechdel Rule is a simple test which names the following three criteria: (1) it has to have at least two women in it, who (2) who talk to each other, about (3) something besides a man. The test was popularized by Alison Bechdel's comic, the name of which Google won't let me put on this page for inciting hate, in a 1985 strip called The Rule. For a nice video introduction to the subject please check out The Bechdel Test for Women in Movies on feministfrequency.com. If you need access to the raw data, check out the docs for the api. Add a movie If you want to add a movie to this list, please go to the Add a movie page and fill in the form. If you disagree with a rating, please leave a comment on the appropriate movie page instead. Recent activity Currently 10251 movies in the database. The five latest additions: 2024-03-02 03:15: Megamind vs. The Doom Syndicate (2024) 2024-02-29 03:37: Dune: Part Two (2024) 2024-02-28 14:00: Lisa Frankenstein (2024) 2024-02-26 12:55: Mermaid (2007) 2024-02-25 11:37: Flamin’ Hot (2023) The five latest comments were on: 2024-03-05 00:03: Lisa Frankenstein (2024) 2024-03-04 18:33: Advantageous (2015) 2024-03-04 15:45: X (2022) 2024-03-04 15:44: X (2022) 2024-03-03 18:59: La Sociedad de la Nieve (2023) The list The list you see to the left of this text consists of an icon with the result of the tests (explained below), the title (clicking it will take you to its details page, where you can find the reviews and comments) and finally two optional icons, also explained below. Clicking the icon before the title will take you to the movie's IMDb page. For the sake of practicality, I've taken the liberty to read the first criterion as only named female characters counting. There are currently 10251 movies listed. Some stats and graphs are available. Be sure to check out Ten graphics on the Bechdel test on Reddit for more graphs. You can also view the list sorted by title, date added (latest first), number of comments, number of reviews or rating.An RSS feed is also available, listing the latest 50 movies added to the list. You can view just the Movies in the IMDb Top 250 and last but not least, you can search the list. Links About the Bechdel test Wikipedia: Bechdel test The Bechdel Test: What It Is, And Why It Matters TV Tropes Wiki: The Bechdel Test Articles The Dollar-And-Cents Case Against Hollywood's Exclusion of Women The Female Character Flowchart Memo to all women: No half for you in Hollywood Cartoons are more than just entertainment The 'Bechdel Rule,' Defining Pop-Culture Character Review sites Women & Hollywood This website is in no way affiliated with Alison Bechdel. Icons from Tango Desktop Project. The list and ratings are licensed under under . Comments on movies are owned by whoever posted them and are not covered by this license. Privacy policy