UMass Chan Medical School Skip to content Skip to search Skip to main menu Skip to footer area Site Menu Close Search Close Search Search the About UMass Chan Medical School site Search A-Z | Search All UMass Chan Sites Additional Resources Alumni Chancellor ForHealth Consulting Departments & Centers Human Resources Library MassBiologics Strategic Plan Search Close Search Search the UMMS site Search A-Z | Search All UMass Chan Sites The academic partner of UMass Memorial Health About Admissions Education Faculty Research Diversity Giving UMass Chan Medical School Advancing together Transcript At UMass Chan, it’s not just what we do. It’s how we do it—together. We train the next generation of physicians, scientists and advanced practice nurses. We lead groundbreaking research and clinical trials. We work to make communities healthier. And we do it with a drive to collaborate and share knowledge that leads to important medical discoveries and inspires caregivers who put you first. At UMass Chan, we are, proudly, advancing together. It’s not just what we do. It’s how we do it. Learn how at UMass Chan we are proudly advancing together. What makes UMass Chan Medical School unique? #1 in New England for primary care education Voted a Top Place to Work two years in a row Eco-friendly 350K sq. ft. research buildingopening in 2024 News Getting Results… March 05, 2024 Two UMass Chan studies selected for STAT Madness STAT News has selected two research teams from UMass Chan to compete in its 2024 STAT Madness competition. Members of the public are invited to vote for the best biomedical research from 2023. The first round of voting, which will narrow the field from 64 to 32, has begun. Read more , School of Medicine, Faculty, Research, Wen Xue, RNA Therapeutics Institute, Program in Molecular Medicine, Elinor Karlsson, Latest News, Top Stories, March 05, 2024 UMass Chan to host 18th annual Brain Bee competition for local high school students Students will be competing for the Andrew Sheridan Young Neuroscientist Award and an all-expense paid trip to participate in the 2024 USA National Bee at the University of Central Florida in April. Read more , Event, Psychiatry, Community, Neurobiology, Neurology, Neurological Surgery, Radiology, RNA Therapeutics Institute, Latest News, March 04, 2024 UMass Chan scientists receive $2.3 million from Rett Syndrome Research Trust for new research Rett syndrome is a rare genetic neurological disorder that occurs primarily in girls, eventually robbing them of the ability to speak, walk or use their hands, among other devastating effects. Read more , Watts Lab, Faculty, Jonathan K. Watts, Scot A. Wolfe, Wolfe Lab, Sontheimer Lab, Molecular, Cell and Cancer Biology, RNA Therapeutics Institute, Latest News, Erik Sontheimer, Top Stories, More news Virtual tour Take our virtual campus tour ► Explore our schools Morningside Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences Learn in an environment where students drive world-class research and innovation in areas such as biochemistry, biostatistics, cancer biology and neuroscience. Tan Chingfen Graduate School of Nursing Prepare for a career as a nurse, nurse practitioner or nurse scientist, led by distinguished faculty who promote health equity to improve health and quality of life. T.H. Chan School of Medicine Pursue one of the nation’s best primary care educations, with a focus on patient-centered care in urban and rural communities or an MD/MBA or MD/PhD option. About Worcester Learn about Worcester, home to UMass Chan Medical School ► UMass Chan Medical School’s unique business divisions MassBiologics MassBiologics of UMass Chan Medical School, with locations in Boston and Fall River, is the only nonprofit, FDA-licensed manufacturer of vaccines and biologics in the United States. ForHealth Consulting ForHealth Consulting is the public service consulting and operations division of UMass Chan Medical School. Follow Us! About UMass Chan About UMass Chan Administration Campus maps and directions Careers Contact us Giving Mission, values and goals Visitor management Education Continuing Medical Education Financial Aid Graduate Medical Education Morningside Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences Tan Chingfen Graduate School of Nursing Registrar Student Life T.H. Chan School of Medicine Offices Communications Community and Government Relations Diversity and Inclusion Educational Affairs Faculty Affairs Financial Services Human Resources Information Technology Innovation and Business Development Public Safety Research Sustainability Links Campus status updates COVID-19 campus news and resources Directory Intranet UMass faculty profiles UMass Memorial Health UMass system This is an official page of UMass Chan Medical School 55 Lake Avenue North, Worcester, Massachusetts 01655 UMassChanCommunications@umassmed.edu 508-856-8989 Privacy Statement Back To Top ▲