Crazy Egg Website — Optimization | Heatmaps, Recordings, Surveys & A/B Testing Product Heatmaps Recordings A/B Testing Traffic Analysis Errors Tracking Surveys Goals CTAs Customers Solutions Agencies E-Commerce Lead Gen Education Shopify Enterprise Log In See what's wrong with your website. Over 400,000 websites use Crazy Egg to fix their website. Enter you website url Continue Start your 30-day FREE trial • Cancel anytime Not ready to get started? Learn more Heatmaps Recordings Surveys Errors A/B Testing Traffic Analysis CTAs Goals Open menu Close menu Product Heatmaps Recordings A/B Testing Traffic Analysis Errors Tracking Surveys Customers Solutions Agencies E-Commerce Lead Gen Education Shopify Enterprise Log In Understand the customer journey with Snapshots, Heatmaps and Recordings Use our visual reports and individual session recordings to get to know your website visitors – where they're coming from, where they're navigating to, and where they're getting stuck – so you can make design changes with confidence. Start by analyzing your website Get direct feedback from your customers and website visitors Improve an existing product or feature from direct customer feedback. Ask targeted questions and get valuable insights in real-time. Measure the customer experience with NPS scores and ratings. Start by analyzing your website Goals Measure the effectiveness of your website and stay on track of your business goals. Identify specific areas of your website that need optimization to improve your conversion rates. Start by analyzing your website CTAs Increase engagement and conversions on your website by highlighting promotions, resources, and sign-up funnels. Start by analyzing your website Compare and analyze traffic sources by channel Get a clearer picture of how your traffic sources and marketing channels are performing. Compare traffic against each page of your site to see where one channel excels and another might need improvement. Oh, and view heatmaps and recordings based on your selections! Start by analyzing your website Find out if Errors on your website are preventing visitors from converting Identify and fix issues on your website as they happen. Watch recordings of the errors happening, see how many customers the errors impact, and get detailed information to help triage and resolve errors quickly. Start by analyzing your website More reasons to love Crazy Egg We're here to help you improve what's working on your website, fix what isn't, and test new ideas. Easy setup Integrations with popular services like Shopify and WordPress. Teams Add all of your team members free of charge. Grows with you Easy enough to get started. Powerful enough to customize. Enter you website url Show me my Heatmap Start your 30–day FREE trial • Cancel anytime Features Overview Snapshots Recordings A/B Testing Traffic Analysis Errors Tracking Surveys Goals CTAs Crazy Egg For Agencies E–Commerce Lead Gen Education Shopify Enterprise Resources Case Studies FAQ Help Center Contact Us Blog Free Trial Careers Pricing Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Opt–out Social Facebook Youtube Twitter LinkedIn © Crazy Egg, Inc. Improve what's working, fix what isn't and test new ideas. Start your 30-day FREE trial • Cancel anytime Enter your website url to get started Get Started close modal This website uses cookies We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg. Customize your cookies We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg. Essential cookies toggle marketing cookie consent Cookies that are essential to the use and operation of our website and services. Marketing and advertising toggle marketing cookie consent Cookies that are used by Crazy Egg to better understand the types of individuals who are interested in our products and services and how we can promote those services based on that information. Analytics toggle analytics cookie consent Cookies that help us understand how visitors engage with our website, such as usage statistics, or to reconstruct viewed UI elements in order to improve our services. Accept cookies Edit cookies Save preferences Cancel Opt out Privacy policy Cookie policy