Home - Singularity Hub Sign in Topics AI Biotech Computing Space Energy Future Tech Robotics Science Experts Featured Experts Perspectives Books Events Videos Latest Series Interviews About Singularity About Programs Membership Experts Community Careers Subscribe Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search .News and Insights from Singularity Group searchSearch Subscribe to our newsletter Singularity Group Singularity Community FacebookInstagramTwitterYoutube Singularity HubNews and Insights from Singularity Group Topics Experts Events Videos searchSearch singularity group singularity community FacebookInstagramTwitterYoutube Singularity HubNews and Insights from Singularity Group Topics Experts Events Videos searchSearch Gravity Experiments on the Kitchen Table: Why a Tiny, Tiny Measurement May Be a Big Leap Forward for Physics Sam Baron - March 4, 2024 This Week’s Awesome Tech Stories From Around the Web (Through March 2) Singularity Hub Staff - March 2, 2024 Has the Lunar Gold Rush Begun? Why the First Private Moon Landing Matters Edd Gent - March 1, 2024 Gene Silencing Slashes Cholesterol in Mice—No Gene Edits Required Shelly Fan - February 29, 2024 Gravity Experiments on the Kitchen Table: Why a Tiny, Tiny Measurement May Be a Big Leap Forward for Physics Sam Baron - March 4, 2024 This Week’s Awesome Tech Stories From Around the Web (Through March 2) Has the Lunar Gold Rush Begun? Why the First Private Moon Landing Matters Gene Silencing Slashes Cholesterol in Mice—No Gene Edits Required more stories Amazon’s Billion-Dollar Investment Arm Targets Generative AI in Robotics Jason Dorrier - February 28, 2024 Last year, Amazon announced the next step for its growing robotic workforce. A new system, dubbed Sequioa, linked robots from across a warehouse into... Could Shipwrecked Tardigrades Have Colonized the Moon? Laurent Palka - February 26, 2024 Just over five years ago, on February 22, 2019, an unmanned space probe was placed in orbit around the moon. Named Beresheet and built... This Week’s Awesome Tech Stories From Around the Web (Through February 24) Singularity Hub Staff - February 24, 2024 COMPUTING Nvidia Hardware Is Eating the World Lauren Goode | Wired "Talking to Jensen Huang should come with a warning label. The Nvidia CEO is so invested in where AI is headed... Elon Musk Says First Neuralink Patient Can Move Computer Cursor With Mind Edd Gent - February 23, 2024 Neural interfaces could present an entirely new way for humans to connect with technology. Elon Musk says the first human user of his startup... Like a Child, This Brain-Inspired AI Can Explain Its Reasoning Shelly Fan - February 22, 2024 Children are natural scientists. They observe the world, form hypotheses, and test them out. Eventually, they learn to explain their (sometimes endearingly hilarious) reasoning. AI,... Google Just Released Two Open AI Models That Can Run on Laptops Jason Dorrier - February 21, 2024 Last year, Google united its AI units in Google DeepMind and said it planned to speed up product development in an effort to catch... This Week’s Awesome Tech Stories From Around the Web (Through February 17) Singularity Hub Staff - February 17, 2024 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE OpenAI Teases an Amazing New Generative Video Model Called Sora Will Douglas Heaven | MIT Technology Review "OpenAI has built a striking new generative video... Why the New York Times’ AI Copyright Lawsuit Will Be Tricky to Defend Peter Vaughan - February 16, 2024 The New York Times’ (NYT) legal proceedings against OpenAI and Microsoft has opened a new frontier in the ongoing legal challenges brought on by... Don't miss a trend Get Hub delivered to your inbox featured AI Discovers a New Class of Antibiotics After Scouring 12 Million Compounds December 21, 2023 Load more Don't miss a trend Get Hub delivered to your inbox more stories Scientists Say New Hybrid Beef Rice Could Cost Just a Dollar per Pound Shelly Fan - February 15, 2024 Here’s a type of fusion food you don’t see every day: fluffy, steamed grains of rice, chock-full of beef cells. It sounds Frankenstein. But the... These Glow-in-the-Dark Flowers Will Make Your Garden Look Like Avatar Jason Dorrier - February 14, 2024 The sci-fi dream that gardens and parks would one day glow like Pandora, the alien moon in Avatar, is decades old. Early attempts to... AI Is Everywhere—Including Countless Applications You’ve Likely Never Heard Of Niusha Shafiabady - February 13, 2024 Artificial intelligence is seemingly everywhere. Right now, generative AI in particular—tools like Midjourney, ChatGPT, Gemini (previously Bard), and others—is at the peak of hype. But... An Antibiotic You Inhale Can Deliver Medication Deep Into the Lungs Shelly Fan - February 12, 2024 We’ve all been more aware of lung health since Covid-19. However, for people with asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), dealing with lung problems... This Week’s Awesome Tech Stories From Around the Web (Through February 10) Singularity Hub Staff - February 10, 2024 COMPUTING Sam Altman Seeks Trillions of Dollars to Reshape Business of Chips and AI Keach Hagey | The Wall Street Journal "The OpenAI chief executive officer is... It Will Take Only a Single SpaceX Starship to Launch a Space Station Edd Gent - February 9, 2024 SpaceX's forthcoming Starship rocket will make it possible to lift unprecedented amounts of material into orbit. One of its first customers will be a... Partially Synthetic Moss Paves the Way for Plants With Designer Genomes Shelly Fan - February 8, 2024 Synthetic biology is already rewriting life. In late 2023, scientists revealed yeast cells with half their genetic blueprint replaced by artificial DNA. It was a... Scientists ‘Astonished’ Yet Another of Saturn’s Moons May Be an Ocean World Jason Dorrier - February 7, 2024 Liquid water is a crucial prerequisite for life as we know it. When astronomers first looked out into the solar system, it seemed Earth... Load more Featured This Mind-Reading Cap Can Translate Thoughts to Text Thanks to AIJason Dorrier - December 12, 2023 Don't miss a trend Get Hub delivered to your inbox Singularity HubNews and Insights from Singularity Group Singularity labs A 360 Singularity Hub About Creative Commons Pitch Us Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Singularity Group About Executive Program Custom Programs Podcasts Insights Blog Stay connected FacebookInstagramRSSTwitterYoutube Get the latest news from Singularity Hub! Sign Up Copyright © Singularity Group. All rights reserved.