Export Solutions Skip to main content Official Website of the International Trade Administration Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. For U.S. Businesses Export Solutions Overview Virtual Services Learn How To Export Research Foreign Markets Network & Learn at Events Find Buyers & Partners Explore eCommerce Resources Obtain Financing Negotiate an Export Sale Navigate Shipping & Logistics Comply with U.S. and Foreign Export Regulations Perform Due Diligence Protect Intellectual Property Resolve Export Problems Research Center Overview Visual Data Center Research by Industry Research By Country Research By Region Trade Data and Analysis Top Markets Public APIs Regulations & Agreements Overview U.S. Export Regulations Foreign Regulations Trade Agreements Resolve a Trade Problem Overview Resolve a Foreign Trade Barrier U.S. Antidumping & Countervailing Duties Facing a Foreign Trade AD/CVD or Safeguard Investigation? Fight Unfair Foreign Trade Subsidies Industry Monitoring & Analysis Protect Your Intellectual Property Advocating for U.S. Business Abroad Attend an Event Overview Trade Event Search Network & Learn at Events Meet Buyers at Events Trade Missions Events by Industry Services for Trade Event Organizers Foreign Direct Investment Attraction Events News & Highlights Overview Press Blog ITA Success Stories Let Our Experts Help Overview Services for U.S. Companies New to Exporting Services for U.S. Companies Currently Exporting Services for Trade Event Organizers Services for U.S. Associations & EDOs Services for Diverse Companies Services for Rural Companies Foreign-Trade Zones Partner with ITA For International Businesses BuyUSA Overview Find a Supplier - Textiles & Apparel Invest in the USA Overview About Select USA Investors Economic Development Organizations (EDO) Service Providers Investment Events Investor Resources Contact Us About Us Search ITA Search Menu Search ITA Search For U.S. Businesses Export Solutions Overview Virtual Services Learn How To Export Research Foreign Markets Network & Learn at Events Find Buyers & Partners Explore eCommerce Resources Obtain Financing Negotiate an Export Sale Navigate Shipping & Logistics Comply with U.S. and Foreign Export Regulations Perform Due Diligence Protect Intellectual Property Resolve Export Problems Research Center Overview Visual Data Center Research by Industry Research By Country Research By Region Trade Data and Analysis Top Markets Public APIs Regulations & Agreements Overview U.S. Export Regulations Foreign Regulations Trade Agreements Resolve a Trade Problem Overview Resolve a Foreign Trade Barrier U.S. Antidumping & Countervailing Duties Facing a Foreign Trade AD/CVD or Safeguard Investigation? Fight Unfair Foreign Trade Subsidies Industry Monitoring & Analysis Protect Your Intellectual Property Advocating for U.S. Business Abroad Attend an Event Overview Trade Event Search Network & Learn at Events Meet Buyers at Events Trade Missions Events by Industry Services for Trade Event Organizers Foreign Direct Investment Attraction Events News & Highlights Overview Press Blog ITA Success Stories Let Our Experts Help Overview Services for U.S. Companies New to Exporting Services for U.S. Companies Currently Exporting Services for Trade Event Organizers Services for U.S. Associations & EDOs Services for Diverse Companies Services for Rural Companies Foreign-Trade Zones Partner with ITA For International Businesses BuyUSA Overview Find a Supplier - Textiles & Apparel Invest in the USA Overview About Select USA Investors Economic Development Organizations (EDO) Service Providers Investment Events Investor Resources Contact Us About Us Home Export Solutions Export Solutions Export Solutions provides practical advice and business tools to help U.S. companies expand in global markets. Classify Your Product Classify your product, and its Schedule B number, with the help of a Harmonized System Classification code (HS Code). Find Your Schedule B Number Find Your Tariff Rate Find tariff information using your HS code at the Customs Info Database Tool. Learn more about this tool today. Use the Customs Info Database Know Your Incoterms Incoterms are a set of internationally recognized rules that define the responsibilities of sellers and buyers in the export transaction. Learn About Incoterms Export Solutions Connecting You to Global Markets Find Local Assistance Trade professionals at the U.S. Commercial Service, part of the U.S. Department of Commerce’s International Trade Administration, developed these Export Solutions to help U.S. exporters create successful international sales strategies. Learn about all aspects of exporting and world markets through these solutions, or take advantage of our local assistance or virtual services. For important exporting news, follow our social media channels (LinkedIn or Twitter) or sign up for a mailing list.For a companion brochure on exporting, please download our Export Solutions Guide: 12 Steps to Exporting Success flyer [2 MB]. Learn How to Export Research Foreign Markets Network and Learn at Events Find Buyers and Partners Explore eCommerce Resources Obtain Financing Negotiate an Export Sale Navigate Shipping and Logistics Comply with U.S. and Foreign Regulations Perform Due Diligence Protect Intellectual Property Resolve Export Problems Exporter Tools Quick links to frequently used export tools. Consolidated Screening List Product Classification Tariff Lookup Tool Incoterms Country Commercial Guides FTA Help Center Tab Options Consolidated Screening List Product Classification Tariff Lookup Tool Incoterms Country Commercial Guides FTA Help Center Permalink Know who you are working with by searching the Consolidated Screening List. This list, maintained by the U.S. Government, discloses persons or entities have been denied export privileges or who raise a “Red Flag” that needs to be resolved before proceeding. You can also search the list to find restrictions on certain exports, reexports or transfers of items. Learn more about the Consolidated Screening List, or sign up for email alerts that the list has been updated. Search the Consolidated Screening List. End of tab panel Permalink To successfully complete an export transaction, you are going to need to classify your product, and create its Schedule B number, with the help of a Harmonized System Classification code (HS Code). HS Codes are used by customs authorities around the world to identify products for tax reasons, and are harmonized (agreed upon) among governments. To create the Schedule B code and fully classify your product, a U.S.-specific coding system is added to your HS code. To easily find your code, use the Schedule B search engine. End of tab panel Permalink A tariff or duty is a tax levied by governments on the value including freight and insurance of imported products. Different tariffs are applied on different products by different countries. You will need your HS code to use these tools, see the Product Classification tab for more information. Find your tariff information using your HS code using the Custom Info Database Tool. Learn more about this tool. Explore the benefits of the current U.S. free trade agreements using your HS code using the FTA Tariff Tool. End of tab panel Permalink Make sure you and your customers are speaking the same trade language with Incoterms. These internationally recognized rules can help you interpret trade terms and will define the responsibilities of sellers and buyers in any export transaction. Catch up with the latest version, Incoterms® 2020, and ensure smooth transactions and avoid potentially costly mistakes! Learn about Incoterms. End of tab panel Permalink Pick a new market with confidence! Country Commercial Guides (CCGs) contain market conditions, opportunities, regulations, and business customs for over 70 countries prepared by trade and industry experts at U.S. embassies worldwide. Search CCGs. End of tab panel Permalink Free trade agreements (FTA) between the United States and select trading partners provide low or duty free access, strong intellectual property protection, and greater U.S. exporter input into FTA country product standards. Get practical guidance to discover if your product or service would benefit from an FTA. Visit the FTA Help Center. End of tab panel Featured Events See All Events Top national and international events bring together buyers, sellers, and trade experts from around the world and the country. Trade Winds Forum & Mission Gain market insight and solidify your business strategy at the largest annual U.S. Government-led trade mission and business forum. Trade Winds Information Global Diversity Export Initiative Learn about tools, resources, and best practices for growing product and service exports. Join virtual and live events throughout the United States designed to help minority and women-owned businesses, among others, that seek international expansion. Global Diversity Export Initiative Events Discover Global Markets Business Development Forum Connect with industry leaders, U.S. commercial diplomats and specialists based in key markets overseas, and fellow exporters at our flagship event series for U.S. companies. DGM Information Social Media and Email Engage. Follow. Share. As the official export promotion site of the U.S. Government, the ExportGov media channels bring together resources from across the U.S. Government to assist American businesses in planning their international sales strategies and succeed in today’s global marketplace. Follow our social media channels or subscribe to an email list and find events, services, tips, and market research to help U.S. businesses at all stages of exporting. The U.S. Department of Commerce’s International Trade Administration manages Exportgov as a collaborative effort with the 19 Federal Agencies that offer export assistance programs and services. Twitter LinkedIn Email Lists Tab Options Twitter LinkedIn Email Lists Permalink Follow the official @ExportGov Twitter account for events and announcements from the U.S. Commercial Service. End of tab panel Permalink Follow the official U.S. Commercial Service LinkedIn account for exporting news and updates. End of tab panel Permalink Learn about the various email lists that are maintained to keep the U.S. exporter informed. End of tab panel Footer For U.S. Businesses Export Solutions Research Center Regulations & Agreements Resolve a Trade Problem Attend an Event News & Highlights Let Our Experts Help For International Businesses Buy From the USA Invest in the USA About Us Contact Us Careers Data & API Site Map International Trade Administration U.S. Department of Commerce 1401 Constitution Ave NW Washington, DC 20230 Connect With ITA Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn The International Trade Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce, manages this global trade site to provide access to ITA information on promoting trade and investment, strengthening the competitiveness of U.S. industry, and ensuring fair trade and compliance with trade laws and agreements. External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein. This site contains PDF documents. A PDF reader is available from Adobe Systems Incorporated. USA.gov | FOIA | Privacy Program | EEO Policy | Disclaimer | Information Quality Guidelines | Accessibility