Move to Google Re: Work content RE: WORKRE: WORK Theme Introducing Skills to learn how to innovate and learn how to use it in your business.Think about how to enhance psychological safety by scrutinizing the conditions of team team effective teams.By making full use of People Analytic Speeple Analytics Science and Data, we objectively make decision -making decisions on human resources.Manager Manager identifies the conditions of excellent manager and provide opportunities for feedback and ability development.Relaxes the elimination of prejudice and eliminates the elimination of prejudice, measure the results, and reduce the impact of unconscious prejudice by everyone responsible for their own opinions and attitudes.We will give all employees a learning opportunity as part of learning, ability development learning and ability development work, and supports growth and ability development.Recruitment recruitment requirements, structural interview methods, recruitment committees, etc. will be improved.Set the goal setting goal setting goals, align the steps of the initiatives, inform the purpose, and evaluate the process.Guide theme Innovation Team Peeling Analytics Manager Extract Learning and Development Government "Working" is a better one.Google Re: WORK is a website that collects advanced cases, research, and ideas in the work style of various organizations, including Google.About Google Re: Work, team employees often work on teams, and the environment within the team has a major impact on actual results.To grasp the effectiveness of the team, it is necessary to focus on complex group characteristics and members' attributes.Read this theme. Implementing an employee questionnaire that implements an employee questionnaire and collecting feedback from employees to gain knowledge to improve organization.Read this guide. Select the theme you want to read. Innovation Team PETA Analytics Manager Reading and setting up the ability development goal. Reading the settings for adoption targets. Innovation is essential for the success and long -term survival of the theme.Learn how to learn the skills to innovate and use it for your work.There is no cost to create innovation that creates an innovation work environment.The environment in which innovation is born is not forced to be forced, but should be nurtured ... 6 Step 2 Tool Design thinking that creates innovation, finds a new solution by combining creativity and the process that was a system.It is a technique ... 5 Step 2 Tool Innovation Read in detail. The theme team employee often works on a team by theme page, and the environment within the team has a significant effect on actual results.。To grasp the effectiveness of the team, it is necessary to focus on complex group characteristics and members' attributes."What is an effective team?" Google's research team discovered that "improving psychological safety improves the performance and creativity of the team" ... 8 Step 2 tool team.Read in detail to the theme page. Theme Analytic Speeple Analytics helps to evaluate the effectiveness of HR operations, programs, and processes.The aim is to deepen understanding of how to use social science and data science knowledge to gather enough information and objectively make decisions on HR.In order to achieve a fair workplace that designs and operates a fair salary system, it is necessary to design a fair salary system and operate and manage properly ... 8 Step 1 Tools Appropriate to carry out an employee questionnaire.By conducting a questionnaire and collecting feedback from employees, you can gain knowledge to improve the organization ... 10 Step 0 Toolsal Analytics Read Details. To the theme page by theme, the theme manager manager is very much.It is an important role and has a major impact on employee performance.Share the conditions of excellent managers, provide opportunities for ability development, and support employees by praising excellent managers.Identify the requirements of a good manager to identify the requirements of a good manager is the key to clearly conveys what is expected by the manager ... 3 Step 0 Not only tool work but also personal.In order to support both the team members who are considering the team and the personal satisfaction of the team, the flexible and friendly management is required ... 5 Step 2 Tool Manager Read Details to the theme page.Various benefits can be given, such as being aware of the exclusion of the exclusion, enabling objective judgment, encouraging a variety of relationships, and new opportunities.Start an effort to eliminate prejudice through training, consciousness, evaluation, etc.You can learn about research on unconscious prejudice that turns consciousness to unconscious prejudice, and hold a workshop in -house to understand how it is affected by unconscious prejudice ...7 Step 1 Tool Review the prejudice hidden in a casual message When you reconsider what you came up with and scrutinized, you may notice your own unconscious prejudice ...Opportunities for theme learning, ability development learning and ability development on another page are closely related to employee engagement and productivity.Think of the opportunity to learn as part of your work and support your employees' growth and ability development.When a culture of learning to introduce learning programs among employees is rooted, employees will be promoted to sharing knowledge among employees, and employees will be able to recognize and act on the need for growth... 8 Step 3 Tool Learning and Development Details Read Details. Recruit theme adoption on theme pages. Recruiting appropriate human resources will contribute to the organization.Introducing the process of employment requirements, structural interview methods, recruitment committees, etc.By asking a consistent question to the applicants who conduct a structured interview, and setting clear evaluation criteria, you can increase the satisfaction of the applicant for the interview ... 9 Step 1 Tools A meaningful applicant experience.By providing a good experience to applicants through the recruitment process that provides, you can increase the satisfaction of the interview and give a good corporate image ... 7 Step 1 Read Details Read Details Read the theme goal.The setting of the setting goal is an effective way to reach the goal and achievements that the organization aims for.Various effects can be expected by setting goals, such as matching the direction of initiatives, clearly transmitting the purpose, and improving the team's performance.Standing with the goals to set OKR will improve employee performance.Often used in Google is the method called "Objectives and Key Results: OKR" ... 10 Step 1 Read Detailed Tools Go to the theme page Footer LinkSre: Work Privacy and use.Conditions Cookies Management Controls