988 Suicide & Crisis Lifeline - Call. Text. Chat. Skip to main content English Español Go back to home page Get Help Talk Now Talk To Someone Now Help Yourself Help Someone Else About Learn About Crisis Centers We Can All Prevent Suicide Our Crisis Centers Stories of Hope and Recovery Mental Health & Suicide Prevention Glossary Get Involved Donate Participate Careers Our Crisis Centers Promote National Suicide Prevention Month Providers & Professionals Best Practices Professional Initiatives Best Practices Our Network Media Resources Research and Evaluation 988 Chat En Español | For Deaf & Hard of Hearing Toggle search Search the site English Español Go back to home page Get Help Learn Call More Talk To Someone Now Help Yourself Help Someone Else About Learn About Suicide Prevention We Can All Prevent Suicide Our Crisis Centers Stories of Hope and Recovery Mental Health & Suicide Prevention Glossary Get Involved Participate Careers Our Crisis Centers Promote National Suicide Prevention Month Providers & Professionals Professional Initiatives Best Practices Our Network Media Resources Research and Evaluation 988 Suicide & Crisis Lifeline We can all help prevent suicide. The 988 Lifeline provides 24/7, free and confidential support for people in distress, prevention and crisis resources for you or your loved ones, and best practices for professionals in the United States. 988 Anuncio Especial ¡Los servicios de texto y chat de 988 Lifeline ya están disponibles en español! Haga clic aquí para obtener información sobre cómo acceder a todos los servicios en español. Conocer más Stock photo by iStock. The 988 Lifeline is a national network of local crisis centers that provides free and confidential emotional support to people in suicidal crisis or emotional distress 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in the United States. We're committed to improving crisis services and advancing suicide prevention by empowering individuals, advancing professional best practices, and building awareness. About The Lifeline Anyone could be struggling with suicide. Find more specific resources below. I'm Struggling With Individuals with Neurodivergence Black Mental Health Maternal Mental Health Youth Disaster Survivors Native American, Indian, Indigenous, & Alaska Natives Veterans & Service Members Loss Survivors LGBTQI+ Attempt Survivors Deaf, Hard of Hearing, Hearing Loss A Current Event: The Lifeline and 988 A Current Event: Coping During Community Unrest A Current Event: Emotional Well-being During COVID-19 Individuals with Neurodivergence Black Mental Health Maternal Mental Health Youth Disaster Survivors Native American, Indian, Indigenous, & Alaska Natives Veterans & Service Members Loss Survivors LGBTQI+ Attempt Survivors Deaf, Hard of Hearing, Hearing Loss We understand that every struggle is different. Experience the stories of people like you, and how they overcame crisis to find hope and recovery. read stories of hope & recovery What Happens When You Call The 988 Lifeline? First, you’ll hear an automated message featuring additional options while your call is routed to your local 988 Lifeline network crisis center. We’ll play you a little music while we connect you to a skilled, trained crisis worker. A trained crisis worker at your local center will answer the phone. This person will listen to you, understand how your problem is affecting you, provide support, and get you the help you need. 988 Lifeline Center calls are free and confidential, and we’re available 24/7. Show What Happens When You Call The Lifeline Everyone Plays A Role In Suicide Prevention Here are some helpful links: GET HELP NOW HELP YOUR LOCAL CENTER JOIN THE NETWORK PROMOTE THE 988 LIFELINE GET HELP NOW Get resources for yourself or be the difference for a loved one by offering support and understanding. HELP YOUR LOCAL CENTER 988 Lifeline centers range across the U.S. and rely on state and local funding to operate. Find out how you can help. JOIN THE NETWORK Local crisis centers can support the fight against suicide by joining the 988 Lifeline's national network. PROMOTE THE 988 LIFELINE Spread the word about the 988 Lifeline's free, confidential, 24/7 services and raise awareness for suicide prevention. Get in touch Call the Lifeline 988 Suicide & Crisis Lifeline 988 Chat With Lifeline Have A Question? See if we've answered it on our FAQ page! Frequently Asked Questions About FAQ Contact Us Donate Media Resources Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Visit our Facebook page Visit our Twitter page Visit our YouTube page Visit our Instagram page Info For Deaf & Hard of Hearing English Español Visit partner site http://www.samhsa.gov Visit partner site https://www.vibrant.org/