JSON-LD - JSON for Linking Data JSON-LD Playground Documentation Developers Specifications W3C Recommendations Syntax Processing Algorithms and API Framing Latest Drafts Syntax Processing Algorithms and API Framing Best Practices Streaming JSON-LD-star CBOR Recommended Context YAML-LD 1.0 drafts (historic) Branding JSON for Linking Data Data is messy and disconnected. JSON-LD organizes and connects it, creating a better Web. Linked Data Linked Data empowers people that publish and use information on the Web. It is a way to create a network of standards-based, machine-readable data across Web sites. It allows an application to start at one piece of Linked Data, and follow embedded links to other pieces of Linked Data that are hosted on different sites across the Web. A Simple Example { "@context": "https://json-ld.org/contexts/person.jsonld", "@id": "http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon", "name": "John Lennon", "born": "1940-10-09", "spouse": "http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Lennon" } JSON-LD JSON-LD is a lightweight Linked Data format. It is easy for humans to read and write. It is based on the already successful JSON format and provides a way to help JSON data interoperate at Web-scale. JSON-LD is an ideal data format for programming environments, REST Web services, and unstructured databases such as Apache CouchDB and MongoDB. Playground The JSON-LD Playground is a web-based JSON-LD viewer and debugger. If you are interested in learning JSON-LD, this tool will be of great help to you. Developers may also use the tool to debug, visualize, and share their JSON-LD markup. Launch the JSON-LD Playground Developers JSON-LD is available in a number of popular programming environments. Each implementation of JSON-LD listed below is fully conforming to the official JSON-LD specifications. Javascript jsonld.js 1.1 jsonld-streaming-parser.js 1.1 jsonld-streaming-serializer.js 1.1 rdf-parse.js 1.1 Python PyLD 1.1 RDFLib 1.0 Ruby JSON-LD for RDF.rb 1.1 Go JSON-goLD 1.1 Java Titanium 1.1 JSONLD-JAVA 1.0 C# dotNetRDF 1.1 json-ld.net 1.0 Command Line jsonld-cli 1.1 Erlang / Elixir jsonld-ex 1.0 PHP php-json-ld 1.0 JsonLD 1.0 Rust json-ld 1.1 (WIP) sophia 1.1 Typescript jsonld-lint 1.1 (WIP) The JSON-LD Test Suite (and Framing Test Suite) is useful for validating JSON-LD Processors. Conformance of various processors is documented in the official implementation report. Getting Help / Collaborating JSON-LD 1.1 was being formally specified by the W3C JSON-LD Working Group. Although the Working Group has completed, it remains open as a Maintanence Group and may release revised specifications in the future. To participate in this work, please join the W3C and then join the Working Group. The Working Group mailing list is visible to the public and participation in the specification repositories is encouraged. Additionally, discussions and exploration continue in the Community Group spaces mentioned below. JSON-LD has been developed by the W3C JSON-LD Community Group. It is a W3C Recommendation as of 16 January 2014. Participation is open to the public. There is a JSON-LD GitHub repository. If you need immediate help, we have a #json-ld IRC support channel on irc.w3.org and a Gitter channel. There is also a JSON-LD mailing list. All weekly meetings are open to the public, and are minuted, recorded, and archived. Listed below are all of the communication tools that the community uses on a weekly basis. Code json-ld on GitHub Meetings Text and audio minutes Mailing List public-linked-json@w3.org Chat #json-ld on irc.w3.org Gitter Learn More... This website contains a number of curated video, presentations, tutorials, and documentation about JSON-LD. Assuming you are familiar with JSON, these training materials will help you quickly put the power of JSON-LD into your web development efforts. Learn more about JSON-LD Website content released under a Creative Commons CC0 Public Domain Dedication except where an alternate is specified. Part of the PaySwarm standardization initiative.