Shop The Purple Mattress: Purple Official Website Skip to main content Sleep Wellness Month UP TO $400 OFF A MATTRESS Whole-body health depends on deep sleep — make it a nightly nonnegotiable with the GelFlex® Grid. Mattress ships free in 1-2 days. Details Up to $400 Off Mattresses Whole-body health depends on deep sleep - make it a nightly nonnegotiable with the GelFlex® Grid, on sale now during Purple’s Sleep Wellness Month. Up to $400 off Purple Essential Collection Mattresses PurpleFlex™ Mattress: $200 Off Twin, $400 Off Full, $300 Off Queen, $250 Off King Purple Mattress®: $200 Off Twin, Twin XL, $400 Off Full, Queen, King, Cal King, Split King $400 off the Purple Plus® Mattress on all sizes Select Bedding Bundles 25% off Purple Complete Comfort Sheets + Mattress Protector 25% off Purple Cloud Pillow + Complete Comfort Sheets 25% off Purple Cloud Pillow + Complete Comfort Sheets + Mattress Protector 25% off Purple SoftStretch Sheets + Mattress Protector 25% off Purple Harmony Pillow + SoftStretch Sheets 25% off Purple Harmony Pillow + SoftStretch Sheets + Mattress Protector Additional Featured Pairings 25% off Purple Harmony Anywhere Pillow + Travel Size SoftStretch Pillowcase + Anywhere Travel Case 10% off Purple TempBalance Duvet + PerfectStay Duvet Cover Set 10% off Ultimate Seat Cushion + Back Cushion 10% off Double Seat Cushion + Back Cushion 10% off Purple Harmony Pillow + Bearaby Weighted Blanket Shop Sale Terms Apply Terms Discounts automatically applied at checkout. Offer valid while supplies last. Offer not valid on previous purchases or pending orders. To qualify, all items must be purchased as part of the same order. Offer good for orders placed directly from Purple on this website, in Purple authorized retail locations, or from direct-order telephone sales. Offer not valid for purchases made at third-party retail stores. Additional restrictions may apply. Previously purchased items currently under the one hundred (100) night trial cannot be returned and redeemed with this coupon. Cannot be combined with other offers. Shop mattresses Start Mattress Quiz Lowest Price Guarantee 98% Customer Satisfaction 114K 5-Star Reviews Voted Best Overall Cooling Mattress by Sleep Experts 120+ Patents in Sleep Innovation Life-changing sleep, paid for at your own pace with as low as 0% APR financing. Prequalify in 30 seconds Ready for the best sleep of your life? Purple’s proprietary GelFlex® Grid is the reason our mattresses consistently outperform competitors. 1. SOFTFLEX COVER WITH ANTIMICROBIAL + MOISTURE-WICKING FINISH What it does Breathable, stretch material flexes seamlessly. Why it matters Optimizes the GelFlex® Grid + stays fresh. 2. GELFLEX® GRID What it does Dissipates heat + relieves pressure. Why it matters Helps you fall asleep faster + sleep deeper. 3. Edge Support foam What it does Increases support + mattress durability. Why it matters Makes it easy to get in + out of bed. 4. Ultra Comfort Foam What it does Dissipates heat + offers responsive comfort. Why it matters Enhances pressure relief + temperature balance. 5. Edge Support System What it does Fortifies + preserves mattress edge. Why it matters Prevents sagging + extends mattress longevity. 6. 3 Zone Responsive Coils What it does Provides targeted support + air flow. Why it matters Promotes body alignment + refreshing sleep. The best sleep ever, according to 114k+ 5-star reviews. People love Purple — read why 98% of Purple customers would shop with us again. Read reviews 5.0 (4830) We have slept on it for a few weeks now and I honestly love it. The soft is perfect, it's not to soft but also not so firm which just makes my back hurt. My dog also approves. Santana H. Purple RestorePlus™ Hybrid Mattress 5.0 (5499) Love this mattress so much. Our first purple purchase and we can’t get enough. We did find that we are more comfortable with the purple pillow too and it did not take long to adjust to the new mattress and pillow at all! Mark S. Purple Restore™ Hybrid Mattress 5.0 (2169) Every night actually seems to get better and better. You will definitely not ever have to worry about being too hot, and I really cannot feel much movement from my husband. It has provided such a restful sleep for both me and my husband. Love it!! Wendy P. Purple RestorePremier™ Hybrid Mattress Next Step Next Step * * * Find your perfect mattress Purple Essential Collection Grid + Foam Base Restore Hybrid Collection Grid + Coil Base View product page On Sale Best Value 3.7 (47) View product page PurpleFlex™ Mattress Firm support provides alignment Great Better Best Cooling Comfort Support GelFlex Grid 2 inches Mattress Height 8 Inches Feel Firm Firm feel 2” of GelFlex Grid instantly adapts as you move 6” of Base Support Foam adds stability Starting at Is dollars Is now dollars or as low as Shop now View product page On Sale Best Seller 4.5 (29604) View product page Purple Mattress® Added cushioning enhances comfort Great Better Best Cooling Comfort Support GelFlex Grid 2 inches Mattress Height 9.25 Inches Feel Medium-Firm Medium firm feel 2” of GelFlex Grid instantly adapts as you move 4” of Base Support Foam adds stability 3.25” of Comfort Foam takes pressure off hips + shoulders Starting at Is dollars Is now dollars or as low as Shop now View product page On Sale Extra Comfort 4.5 (29604) View product page Purple Plus® Mattress Reduced motion transfer, better breathability Great Better Best Cooling Comfort Support GelFlex Grid 2 inches Mattress Height 11 Inches Feel Medium Medium feel 2” of GelFlex Grid instantly adapts as you move 7” of Base Support Foam reduces motion transfer 2” of Ultra Comfort Foam adds responsive comfort Upgraded comfort layer boosts breathability Starting at Is dollars Is now dollars or as low as Shop now Compare Purple Essential Mattresses Compare Mattresses View product page Upgrade to Hybrid 4.5 (5499) View product page Purple Restore™ Hybrid Mattress Upgrade to the enhanced benefits of GelFlex®Grid with hybrid responsive pressure relief and cooling. Great Better Best Ultimate Cooling Comfort Support GelFlex Grid 2 inches Mattress Height 11.5 Inches Feel Options Available in Soft or Firm Available in soft or firm 2” GelFlex® Grid instantly adapts as you move Edge-to-Edge Coils increase responsive support Up to 2X Cooler compared to leading competitors Comfort Foam for added pressure relief Starting at Is dollars Is now dollars or as low as Shop now View product page Most Popular 4.6 (4830) View product page Purple RestorePlus™ Hybrid Mattress Provides core body support plus extra comfort + cooling benefits, for uninterrupted sleep. Great Better Best Ultimate Cooling Comfort Support GelFlex Grid 3 inches Mattress Height 13 Inches Feel Options Available in Soft or Firm Available in soft or firm 3” GelFlex® Grid instantly adapts + boosts comfort 2 Zone Edge-to-Edge Coils for core body support Up to 3X Cooler compared to leading competitors Ultra Comfort Foam enhances cradling + breathability Starting at Is dollars Is now dollars or as low as Shop now View product page #1 For Cooling 4.4 (2169) View product page Purple RestorePremier™ Hybrid Mattress Sleep deeper with best-in-class cooling, superior pressure relief + aligning support for restorative sleep. Great Better Best Ultimate Cooling Comfort Support GelFlex Grid 3 inches Mattress Height 13 Inches Feel Options Available in Soft or Firm Available in soft or firm 3” GelFlex® Grid instantly adapts + boosts comfort CoolFlex™ Coils for dynamic pin-point support Up to 4X Cooler compared to leading competitors Cradles your body’s contours for superior pressure relief Ultra Comfort Foam enhances cradling + breathability Starting at Is dollars Is now dollars or as low as Shop now Compare Restore Hybrid Mattresses Compare Mattresses Experts prefer Purple Trusted by 12.6 million sleepers Up to 4x Cooler Sleep Cooler sleep means deeper sleep — and the GelFlex® Grid is the only sleep innovation that achieves both. Reduce pain by 40% Experience ache-free alignment. The GelFlex® Grid cradles hips + shoulders, maintaining proper support everywhere else. Fall asleep 20% faster And stay asleep. The GelFlex® Grid instantly adapts to support all sleep positions for uninterrupted rest. *Based on independent studies conducted with Purple’s Premium Hybrid line and competitors. Not just unique — better. In every single way. Take Mattress Quiz Ease of Movement Sleep Technology Instantly Responsive Pressure Reduction All Over Support Won't Sleep Hot Purple Easy to move The GelFlex Grid makes it easy to change positions without disturbing your (or your partner’s) sleep The latest technology The GelFlex Grid is the best innovation in mattress technology in 30 years, surpassing foam and memory foam Responds instantly The GelFlex Grid’s design responds instantly to your body shape and movement, supporting you in any position Excellent pressure point cradling The GelFlex Grid instantly adapts to your body, perfectly cradling pressure points for remarkably undisturbed sleep Excellent support The GelFlex Grid fully supports your body, compressing under heavier areas and gently supporting lighter areas Won’t sleep hot The GelFlex Grid naturally draws heat away from your body, so it doesn’t sleep hot, without any added cooling Tempur-Pedic Difficult to move Heat-activated memory foam makes it difficult to move around once your body has sunk in Great in its time Heat-activated memory foam was a breakthrough in its time, but has been surpassed by Purple’s GelFlex Grid technology Responds slowly Heat-activated memory foam interacts with your body heat, so you sink in slowly as the foam heats and can take a while to adapt to your body Excellent pressure point cradling Heat-activated memory foam compresses under the heaviest parts of your body, cradling pressure points Excellent support Heat-activated memory foam supports you once you sink in Can sleep hot Heat-activated memory foam traps heat, so you can sleep hot unless you buy a model with cooling material added Casper Difficult to move Foam and memory foam make it hard to move around once your body has sunk in Good in its time Memory foam was a good sleep solution in its time, but doesn’t measure up to Purple’s newer technology Responds slowly Foam and memory foam interact with your body weight, so you sink in slowly and can take a while to adapt to your body Little pressure point cradling Foam and memory foam can’t offer the remarkable level of pressure reduction that the GelFlex Grid delivers Little support Foam and memory foam can’t deliver the all-over support that the GelFlex Grid does Can sleep hot Memory foam traps heat, while standard foam isn’t as bad, so you can sleep hot unless you buy a model with cooling material added Nectar Difficult to move Memory foam makes it hard to move around once your body has sunk in Good in its time Memory foam was a good sleep solution in its time, but doesn’t measure up to Purple’s newer technology Responds slowly Memory foam interacts with your body weight, so you sink in slowly and can take a while to adapt to your body Little pressure point cradling The layer of memory foam doesn’t offer the remarkable level of pressure reduction that the GelFlex Grid delivers Little support Memory foam can’t deliver the all-over support that the GelFlex Grid does Can sleep hot Memory foam traps heat, so you can sleep hot unless you buy a model with cooling material added Rest easy with a risk-free 100-night trial, free shipping and returns plus our lowest price guarantee. Shop mattresses Learn More More Details 100-Night Trial Your 100-night trial begins the day your mattress is delivered to your doorstep. If you decide it isn't a perfect fit for you within the first 100 nights, we'll have it picked up and issue a full refund. (Awesome, right?) We do ask all customers to spend at least 21 nights on their mattress before starting a return or exchange so their bodies have enough time to adjust to Purple's unique feel + support! Free Shipping & Returns Get your mattress shipped straight to you at no extra cost – with complimentary white-glove delivery available on select mattresses. If you don’t love your mattress, just contact one of our Sleep Consultants to confirm eligibility and arrange a free return. To be eligible for a return, you must be within the 100-night trial period and have had the mattress for at least 21 days; the mattress must also be clean and undamaged. You will be refunded the full mattress price minus the value of any discount, interest accrued, and/or shipping charges. For questions about products purchased at a retail location, please contact the store directly. Lowest Price Guarantee We want you to feel 100% confident in purchasing your mattress and that you are getting the best price. Our 'Lowest Price Guarantee' ensures you have zero risk of finding a better price elsewhere within a 14 day time period. Chat or call us and tell us where you found the lower price for your mattress (including shipping, processing, and other charges). We’ll verify it, then match it at time of purchase or refund the difference post-purchase. Terms: We will match any advertised price subject to the following terms for purchases made after 2/15/24. We will match or refund the difference if you find the same Purple mattress advertised for less than what you are about to pay online on purple.com or have paid in the prior 30 days. The mattress must be available for shipping at the time of your price match request (no rain checks). This guarantee does not apply to clearance items or floor models, product sold on auction sites (e.g., eBay) or by third-parties on Amazon or similar marketplace sites. #sleeppurple Next Step Next Step * * * * * * More ways to explore Experience Purple near you Find Purple in thousands of stores across the country and try out our beds in person. Store locator Connect with a Sleep Genius Our Sleep Geniuses are here to answer questions and help you find your dream mattress. Chat now Call 888-848-0665 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 2,000+ Reviews ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 170k+ Reviews Try Purple in 3,043+ Stores Experience our industry-leading GelFlex® Grid in Mattress Firm, Ashley Furniture, Raymour & Flanigan, Mathis Home, Rooms To Go and other top retailers around the country. Find a store near you Recommended for you Footer menu Shop Mattresses Bed Frames Pillows Bedding Sheets Seat Cushions Squishy Sale Bundles Gifts Gift Cards Shop by Size Twin Twin XL Full Queen King California King Split King Size Guide Support FAQs Track Your Order Returns + Exchanges Warranty Financing Extend Protection Plan Find Stores Discount Programs Influencer Program Refer a Friend Learn About The GelFlex Grid Purple vs Competitors Blog Careers Investors Mattress Reviews Purple Reviews Mattress Types Patents Videos × Sign Up for $50 off Your First Mattress Purchase Don’t lose sleep over missing deals. Sign up for email updates and receive $50 off your first mattress purchase. Email Sign up for SMS updates and make it $75! Phone Number Send By signing up, you agree to receive recurring automated marketing messages from Purple at the phone number provided. Max X msgs/wk. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Reply STOP to unsubscribe. Msg & data rates may apply. View our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Continue Shopping Stay Informed, Sleep Better Email Still have questions? Our Sleep Geniuses are here to help. Phone: 888-848-0248 Live Chat Live Chat Visit: Visit Purple © 2023 Purple Innovation, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Purple, the Purple Grid, Hyper-Elastic Polymer, GelFlex, and the color purple are registered trademarks of Purple Innovation, LLC Sleep Better, Live Purple is a trademark owned by Purple Innovation, LLC Footer Bottom Menu United States - English Canada - English Do Not Sell My Personal Information CA Supply Chain Act Interest-Based Ads Terms + Privacy