Band Websites that Work | Website Builder for Musicians | Bandzoogle Features Examples Pricing About Us Blog Help Try it Free Sign in Try it Free Sign in Build a stunning band website and store in minutes Get started Free 30 day trial, no credit card needed. Artist in photo: Wolf & Moon // member since 2020 “Bandzoogle has made website management so easy. I can update my tour dates and blog from the road, and manage everything from newsletters to store purchases.” Kaia Kater Get started “Bandzoogle is easily integrated with all the other sites we use. Now we have more time to drive around in a van rocking the world.” Sonic Boom Six Members since 2015 Sell music, merch, downloads & tickets, commission-free Add a store in just two clicks and start selling music, downloads, tickets, and band merch today. Best of all, we don't charge any commission on sales. Get started Learn more Artist in photo: Kira Morrison // member since 2015 Beautiful, mobile-friendly themes Build a gorgeous band website in minutes. Customize fonts, colors, and layouts with just a few clicks. Best of all, our modern, responsive themes look great on all devices. Get started Learn more Artist in photo: Caveboy // member since 2015 All the features you need to grow your fan base online Fan mailing list tools Add email signup forms to your website to grow your own fan email list. Design, schedule and send newsletters. Built-in tour calendar Add a tour calendar to your website in a few clicks, or sync with Bandsintown. Give fans detailed event info and sharing links. Social media integrations Easily share music, tour dates and content to your social platforms. Pull your socials onto your website in a few clicks. Free domain name Get your own custom .com domain name free for as long as you're a member. SEO for musicians Bandzoogle websites are built with search engine optimization features designed to help fans find your music. Fan data Integrated reporting tools let you know who your customers are, where they come from, and what they're buying. Get started *Some features may be available only to members of the Pro or Standard plan Bandzoogle connects to services you already use Learn more about integrations Award-winning web experts on your team Our friendly and knowledgeable support team is online day and night by live chat and email. We are musicians and web design wizards who are dedicated to helping you build the most effective website for your music. Artist in photo: The Bandzoogle Team // members since 2003 Start your 30 day free trial About Press Careers Support Terms Sitemap © 2024 Sitezoogle Inc. This website or its third-party tools process strictly necessary cookies to make our site work. In addition, if you consent, we will use optional functional, performance and targeting cookies to help us understand how people use our website, to improve your user experience and to provide you with targeted advertisements. To learn more, please refer to the cookie policy. You can accept all cookies or other identifiers by clicking accept all, or reject non-essential to continue to browse otherwise. Accept all Reject non-essential Need help?