WABE – Amplifying Atlanta Keep WABE strong with your gift today! Donate Home WABE — Atlanta News, Politics, Issues, Arts & Culture Georgia General Assembly Georgia House advances budget with pay raises for teachers and state workers Floods West Atlanta residents sue city over flooding, sewage overflows during September flood Minimum Wage Georgia bill to eliminate minimum wage exceptions for people with disabilities moves to state Senate Fani Willis Georgia pushes group to sanction prosecutors as Fani Willis faces removal from Trump case Georgia Legislature Congressional candidates jump onto ballot as qualifying begins for 2024 Georgia races 2024 Gold Dome Bill Tracker Georgia Lawmakers are weighing hundreds of bills on everything from education and health to criminal justice and housing. Stay in the know with our 2024 Bill Tracker. Georgia Legislature Georgia lawmakers set education priorities for remainder of session, including controversial library law Georgia Legislature Georgia House considering bills to toughen penalties for fentanyl distribution, beef up workers comp for police Georgia Legislation Mobile haircuts and official crustaceans: The lesser-known bills of Georgia's 2024 legislative session Atlanta Braves NL MVP Acuña expects to be ready for Atlanta Braves on opening day after knee exam turns up no major issues Listen and Watch Podcast The Brief From WABE The Brief for Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Podcast On Leadership with the Atlanta Business Chronicle Helene Lollis On Leadership Podcast Calls for Justice Aches Podcast The Podcast Where They Read Stories My Father's Dragon, Ch. 7 (feat. Jon Goode) Podcast City Lights with Lois Reitzes “ATL Up and Away with Rick Steves” / “Into the Woods Jr.” / “Jack Kent Cooke Young Artist Award” Podcast Closer Look with Rose Scott “Leave It Blank” Campaign warns Biden; Concerns of Black Southern Women; Growing & Supporting HBCUs TV Finding Your Roots Tracy Morgan Discovers a Pre-Civil War Freed Ancestor Watch Navigate between tabs with left and right arrow keys. Use the down arrow to enter content, and up arrow to return to tab list. Engage with WABE Live WABE Radio: ON NOW Closer Look with Rose Scott 8:00PM NPR Special Coverage: Super Tuesday Full Schedule Our Podcasts - Latest Episodes The Brief From WABE: The Brief for Tuesday, March... Closer Look with Rose Scott: “Leave It Blank” Campaign warns... The Podcast Where They Read Stories: My Father's Dragon, Ch. 7... City Lights with Lois Reitzes: “ATL Up and Away with... Political Breakfast: Strategists Brian Robison and Tharon... On Leadership with the Atlanta Business Chronicle: Helene Lollis On Leadership More Podcasts Live WABE Classics: ON NOW Classical 24 8:00PM Performance Today 10:00PM Classical 24 Full Schedule Live BBC News: ON NOW Full Schedule Live WABE TV: On Demand: Member donations are the most important source of support for WABE. 90% of our revenue comes from the Atlanta community. Your gift helps us Amplify Atlanta to the whole community—providing independent and in-depth journalism, masterful storytelling, and the programming you love. WABE delivers perspectives, voices and stories as unique and diverse as the people of the greater Atlanta area. Each day, you can count on us for local and national news and stories that are grounded in truth and presented without bias. See below for the many ways you can support our efforts – today and into the future: Donate Now Increase Monthly Donation Have questions about your membership or how to join? Contact Membership Services.Email: memberservices@wabe.orgCall: (678) 686.0321 Membership Cornerstone Members Car Donation Stocks, Mutual Funds, and Other Ways to Give Planned Giving Join Passport We’d like to express our #WABEgratitude to our community partners for providing goods and services during our Fundraising Campaign. Upcoming Events Fri, Mar 8 @ 8:00 pm - 11:00 pm Celtic Woman 20th Anniversary Tour Sat, Mar 16 @ 11:00 am - 12:00 pm WABE Presents "Read Across Atlanta" Thu, Mar 21 @ 5:30 pm - 7:30 pm WABE Presents: Ask A Scientist Previous Events Mon, Oct 3, 2022 @ 4:00 pm - 6:00 pm PBS “Making Black America” Screening hosted by Jasmine Crowe of Goodr Thu, Sep 22, 2022 @ 8:00 am - Sun, Oct 2, 2022 @ 5:00 pm Out On Film Thu, Sep 22, 2022 - Sat, Sep 24, 2022 Morehouse College Human Rights Film Festival How Do You Atlanta? Calendar Subscribe * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name WABE News Daily Digest: A quick daily news brief. This Week on WABE: a collection of top stories and highlights of the news you need to know. WABE TV The newest PBS and WABE originals available for streaming and on TV. View on Twitter Tweets by wabenews View on Twitter Tweets by wabeatl View on Facebook View on Facebook View on Instagram View this profile on Instagram WABE ATL (@wabeatl) • Instagram photos and videos Apple News Get the latest news from WABE inside the Apple News app. Download and Follow WABE Special Coverage Climate Week: A Spotlight on Solutions Uncovering the 1906 Atlanta Race Massacre Beyond Pride Coffee Conversations with Rose Scott How Do You Atlanta? Cobb County Georgia teen critically injured after police trade gunfire with a group near Six Flags Okefenokee Mining company can't tap water needed for Okefenokee wildlife refuge, US says Election Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack Cybersecurity Fulton County is still repairing damage from January cyberattack Under The Gold Dome 2024 Find all you need to know about this year’s legislative session in Georgia. The latest news, the biggest bills, the balance of power, the latest episodes of Gold Dome Scramble, how to contact your local lawmakers and more. K-12 In a first, Georgia, U.S. students will take the SAT entirely online (no pencils required) LGBTQ Georgia Senate passes religious liberty bill despite LGBTQ discrimination concerns Georgia Legislation Georgia Senate passes bill banning taxpayer, private funds for American Library Association Atlanta Transit The 'Atlanta Magnet Man' is saving our car tires, one bike ride at a time WABE’s mission is simple: “Inform, inspire, reflect and empower our greater Atlanta community. ” We do that through the news, information, and entertainment we bring you via radio and TV, on your phone, in your car, on your smart speaker, or online at the new WABE.org—anywhere and everywhere throughout greater Atlanta. And we can only do this with your help. Please consider becoming a member of WABE today. Ways you can help us in our mission Donate Become a Sustaining Member Join Cornerstone Society Join Passport for PBS onDemand Donate About Press Releases Privacy Policy Annual Report Public Inspection Disability Assistance Contest Rules Diversity Statement WABE-FM Public File WABE-TV Public File 2015 – 2024 90.1 FM WABE