Lincoln Journal Star | Breaking News | | Read Lincoln, NE and Nebraska breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 45° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime Nebraska News Politics Records Business Nation & World Last 24 hours News TIp Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorial Columnists Sports Huskers High School College Stars Hockey Saltdogs Baseball Outdoors Professional Life & Entertainment Arts & Theatre Event Calendar Movies & TV Music Puzzles Comics Columns Contests Play Food & Cooking Parenting Health Home & Garden People Pets Faith Announcements Community Neighborhood Extra L Magazine Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Woodhouse Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Huskers Life & Entertainment Jobs Woodhouse 45° Clear Northwest joins other LPS high schools in hosting a voter registration drive Because this is Northwest’s first year with a senior class, it is also the first time the high school has been able to host a voter registration drive. Auditor's office confirms that all outstanding Red Way airfares have been refunded The Auditor of Public Accounts office confirmed in a letter to Lincoln Airport Executive Director David Haring that all outstanding airfares have been refunded. Nebraska Through the Lens reinstated by Facebook The Facebook page featuring photos of Nebraska that was canceled last week was reinstated Monday morning, its founder confirmed. Get to know the 9 new candidates running for 4 open seats on Nebraska State Board of Education Nine candidates filed by Friday's deadline for the four open seats on the Nebraska State Board of Education. All four incumbents decided not to run for reelection. Nebraska Gov. Jim Pillen vetoes bill to allow hypodermic needle distribution Nebraska Gov. Jim Pillen vetoed a bill Monday that would allow the distribution of hypodermic needles to drug users to reduce the spread of infectious diseases. Nebraska’s evicted public housing tenants often face another hurdle: The debt collector Between 2019 and 2023, the Omaha Housing Authority referred at least 284 former tenants’ debts to a collection agency. Last year, the Lincoln Housing Authority sent 16 ex-tenants to collections. LPS Arts and Humanities building to undergo $2.6 million remodel Starting this summer, Lincoln Public Schools Arts and Humanities Focus Program building will be getting a complete $2.6 million remodel. Daily Minute: Residents frustrated by DMV; LPS warns of 2 legislative bills; students repurpose old plastics Residents frustrated by DMV; LPS warns of 2 legislative bills; students repurpose old plastics Lincoln developer hopes to build 'wise-size' houses under 900 square feet Kelly Langer plans to build 65 "wise-size" houses — the square footage of each is 834 feet not including the garage — at a price of less than $200,000 each. In his last home game, Nebraska's Keisei Tominaga once again lives up to the hype It was fitting that in his last game in Lincoln, Keisei Tominaga lived up to his hype as being a player who can heat up quickly. Amie Just: Nebraska's win 'perfect ending' to Keisei Tominaga, Josiah Allick's playing days at PBA “It was the perfect night for our seniors to go out the way they did,” Fred Hoiberg said. Amie Just agrees after a memorable Senior Night. Nebraska court interpreters may lose recent wage increase, officials say Nebraska court interpreter pay rates are in jeopardy of decreasing just a year after the workers got a raise for the first time since 2004. Nebraska men's basketball beats Rutgers on Senior Night: 3 takeaways Keisei Tominaga, Rutgers' defense, Huskers' rebounding and more takeaways from Nebraska's win against the Scarlet Knights. In Nebraska, empty churches are becoming apartments, museums Across Nebraska, declining attendance and rising costs are forcing churches to close their doors. Some of those buildings are finding second lives filling gaps in their communities. Amie Just: My favorite stories from a week of girls state basketball Some of Amie Just's favorite stories from this week didn’t come from the overall winners, or they had nothing to do with the final game’s outcome. Nebraska women go cold late as Illinois steals win in regular-season finale Nebraska led by seven points in the fourth quarter but didn't make a shot in the final five minutes as Illinois came back to win. Rod Yates' mega development near Gretna creating buzz, issues for Nebraska lawmakers If the huge new development in Gretna reaches its proposed size, it could command up to $60 million a year in sales taxes to subsidize it. City Hall: Lincoln's long-awaited Pershing block redevelopment to begin soon The long-awaited redevelopment of the Pershing block is slated to begin this summer. Lincoln students use recycled lumber to give old plastics a new purpose What were once plastic spoons, granola bar wrappers, Styrofoam cups and freezer bags are now being used for a new purpose: to create a picnic table. 'Hugely problematic': LPS warns legislative bills could lead to drastic cuts Two bills in the Nebraska Legislature could have big implications on how much money school districts across the state can collect from property taxes. Older residents frustrated by DMV; officials say new Lincoln center will offer more streamlined services DMV officials say a new driver's license center opening in the Highlands will help residents frustrated they can't walk in to renew their licenses, get state IDs. Apparel, equipment, finances: Inside Nebraska Athletics' Adidas sponsorship Nebraska's relationship with Adidas is deeper than jerseys and shoes. Here's a closer look at the Huskers' sponsor for the past 12 years. Ernie Chambers' latest run for Nebraska Legislature raises questions over age, challenge of McKinney Ernie Chambers' decision to run again for the Legislature raises questions over his age in a race that pits him against the incumbent senator he endorsed four years ago. Girls state basketball: Check out the Journal Star's all-tournament teams Check out our all-tournament teams after four action-packed days of state basketball. Josiah Allick's final Nebraska home game is 'storybook' ending, but he's hoping for epilogue To finish his college career in his hometown and potentially guide Nebraska into March Madness for the first time in a decade is an ending Josiah Allick calls “storybook.” Class C-1: Free throws and suffocating defense help Lincoln Christian grind out tile game win over Sidney Mattea Kassebaum shot a C-1 title game record 18 free throws, making 16 of them, and Lincoln Christian won its third state championship. Amie Just: 4th title for Elkhorn North mother-daughter duo of Ann, Britt Prince 'meant everything' There's plenty of time to analyze what lies ahead. But instead of fast forwarding, take the time to consider what Britt Prince, Ann Prince and Elkhorn North has achieved. Nebraska women are getting Alexis Markowski the ball, and she's delivering Alexis Markowski is having a career season, paying off the Huskers' added emphasis on prioritizing the junior center on offense. Fred Astaire's Omaha house is being renovated: 'We get people coming in from all over the world' Omaha house where Fred Astaire lived as a baby is undergoing restoration thanks to a nonprofit. “Everyone takes their picture in front of the house.” Five Shots: Gluten-free taproom in Lincoln explores local tastes With in-house cider and a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, Saro Cider is a place of taste-bud exploration. Recommended For You Lincoln developer hopes to build 'wise-size' houses under 900 square feet Multiple jockeys injured, three horses die after accident at Grand Island's Fonner Park Nebraska Through the Lens reinstated by Facebook The Latest StratCom civilian indicted on charges of leaking classified war info on a dating site In a message “Co-Conspirator 1,” who self-identified as a woman in Ukraine, allegedly sent the suspect a message asking “Dear, what is shown on the screens in the special room??” Southeast Nebraska homes for big families Southeast Nebraska homes with at least five bedrooms. Nebraska lawmakers advance bill expanding governor's power over gaming commission Nebraska lawmakers gave first-round approval Monday to a bill that would expand the governor's influence over the Racing and Gaming Commission, which has come under increased scrutiny in recent years. Woman armed with knife told Omaha priest she was in rectory 'to do terrible things' Sounds of shattering glass startled the Rev. Damian Zuerlein from his sleep Sunday and he opened his bedroom door to find a woman armed with "a filet knife." Interact With Us Find your new ride Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Latest Video Keisei Tominaga and Josiah Allick, March 3 Fred Hoiberg on Nebraska's win over Rutgers, March 3 Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Sports With Nebraska's shot clock expansion, time is running out on old-school basketball strategy Nebraska high school basketball will be fully on the shot clock next season, ending an old-school strategy that's been perfected by some. And none more than Auburn coach Jim Weeks. Another late surge has Nebraska baseball finishing series sweep of Charleston More ninth-inning magic from Nebraska baseball delivered a three-game sweep Sunday afternoon over Charleston. Wesleyan clamps down on defense in second half, reach Sweet 16 The Nebraska Wesleyan men's basketball team is in the winning column once again after taking down UT Dallas 77-63 in the round of 32 of the NCAA Division III Tournament in San Antonio on Saturday. Girls state roundup: Scores, top performers, stats and more from Championship Saturday Four days of girls state basketball tournament action is in the books. Here's a closer look at Saturday's championship results. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition We’ve had to say goodbye to some beloved musicians, athletes, actors and more. Here's a look at the stars we've lost so far in 2024, through February. Dwight Yoakam to return to Lincoln's Pinewood Bowl The Grammy-winning country singer, who last played the Pioneers Park amphitheater on a 2017 bill with Willie Nelson, will play a concert there on Aug. 9. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Searching for the right career? Don’t miss SCC’s Discovery and Career Days Content by Southeast Community College. If you’re looking for career opportunities, you won’t want to miss the Discovery and Career Days at Southeast Community College — a series of special events designed to set you on the path to a productive and fulfilling life. Sponsored Surprise yourself with pork Content by The Power of Pork. For more information on the surprising benefits of pork, how to incorporate it into your wellness routine and even take the pork pop quiz, please visit Surprisingly Pork. Sponsored Inflation anxiety? This community college helps students pay for tuition Content by Southeast Community College. Southeast provides students from the region a range of resources to make its degrees affordable. 14 best sites to buy Instagram likes in 2024 Provided content. Discover the top 14 sites to purchase Instagram likes in 2024. Local Businesses Glidden Canoe Rental W Hwy 2, Mullen, NE 69152 Wahoops Basketball Tournament 259 E 8Th St, Wahoo, NE 68066 Website K-4 Trailer Sales Inc 1640 W State St., Salina, KS 67401 Website Print Ads Insurance AMERITAS - CORPORATE ACCOUNT - Ad from 2024-03-03 Finance FRONTIER BANK/LINCOLN - Ad from 2024-03-03 Service OMAHA PERFORMING ARTS SOCIETY - Ad from 2024-02-29 Sale WOODS BROS / VLADIMIR OULIANOV - Ad from 2024-03-03 Food Russ Market - Ad from 2024-03-03 Office GANNETT - NAKED WINES - Ad from 2024-03-02 Service LINCOLN SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA - Ad from 2024-03-01 Service ALAN VAN ZANDT-DOMINQUEZ - Ad from 2024-03-03 Medical BRYAN MEDICAL CENTER PRINT - Ad from 2024-03-02 Sale NEBRASKA SCOOTER MART - Ad from 2024-02-28 × Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Sites & Partners The Columbus Telegram The Fremont Tribune The Beatrice Daily Sun Place an ad Event Calendar Online Features Work here Inspire Lincoln Services Subscriber Services Advertise with us E-edition RSS Newsletters Contact us Become a Carrier Services Licensing © Copyright 2024 The Lincoln Journal Star, PO Box 81609 Lincoln, NE 68501 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Husker News Subscribe