Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Weekly Events News All News Features Graffiti writer turned digital illustrator and muralist Spen Oner talks Vegas’ scene, street art and more Blue Note Quintet’s Immanuel Wilkins sheds lights on the current state of jazz Evolution of a favorite: Chef Dan Krohmer injects new life into the Other Mama experience Nightlife All Nightlife Bruno Mars’ new Bellagio lounge The Pinky Ring delivers glam and grandiosity Midnight Brunch at Downtown Cinemas provides a comfy alternative to the club Stalwart Las Vegas DJ Eric Forbes knows when to pick up the pace A&E All A&E Music Film & TV Fine Art Stage Print What to do in Las Vegas this week (February 29-March 6, 2024 edition) Smith Center’s 2024-2025 Broadway series attracts 10 musicals, including ‘Hamilton’ Blue Note Quintet’s Immanuel Wilkins sheds lights on the current state of jazz Food & Drink All Food & Drink Evolution of a favorite: Chef Dan Krohmer injects new life into the Other Mama experience UnCommons has an Italian hit with Amari Ramen Boys’ impeccable soup game makes it a strong comfort food contender Photos Magazine SUPERGUIDE Weekly Shop Subscribe 2024 Best of Vegas Homepage Graffiti writer turned digital illustrator and muralist Spen Oner talks Vegas’ scene, street art and more His vibrant style and characters are influenced by cartoons and anime and by the ‘80s B-boy style. Featured Stories Blue Note Quintet’s Immanuel Wilkins sheds lights on the current state of ... Evolution of a favorite: Chef Dan Krohmer injects new life into the ... Masked music: Chatting with Kontravoid’s Cameron Findlay ahead of his Las Vegas ... Featured Photos Smoke and Mirrors Cannabis Lounge Las Vegas' first regulated cannabis cocktail lounge, Smoke and Mirrors Cannabis Lounge, officially opened its doors at exactly 4:20 p.m. on Friday, February 23, 2024. ... View More Galleries Editor's Picks Most Popular Latest Featured From drag shows and cannabis back to gambling and divorce, Las Vegas remains the place to indulge in ‘banned’ experiences “Everyone knows you can go to Sin City and do what you want to do, and never talk about it again if you don’t want ... News Ski resort workers tunnel into the office after getting 10 feet of snow The ski resort nestled 7,000 feet up among mountain peaks 46 miles west of Reno recorded the highest amounts of snow from the storm that ... News Breaking down summary evictions in Southern Nevada As of February 1, evictions have increased 155% since before the pandemic. News All Aggregate BizTown helps prepare students for life in the real world Junior Achievement of Southern Nevada is developing a facility to provide young people “the tools to dream big” while learning about business and personal finances, ... A&E Smith Center announces next Broadway Las Vegas Series The 2024-2025 season begins this July with “Mrs. Doubtfire.” Politics News All Security is top of mind for election officials in Clark County Clark County is having regular election security meetings with state and federal officials leading up to the November general election to strengthen safety measures for ... Music Bright Eyes, Cap’ N Jazz to Play Best Friends Forever Festival in Las Vegas The three-day festival is set for the Downtown Las Vegas Events Center in October. News All Opinion Clark County School District asks not to make up missed day The days lost to a teacher strike last fall might not be made up because it would be too difficult to have only eight schools ... Featured Nevada still seeing influx in abortions 20 months Roe overturned Nevada’s average monthly abortions increased 33% after the Dobbs decision. A&E What to do in Las Vegas this week (February 29-March 6, 2024 edition) U2 closes out at the Sphere, Madonna takes over T-Mobile Arena, a Netflix tennis exhibition lands at Mandalay Bay and more in this week’s Superguide. News All Sports Resurgent UNLV basketball clinches bye with win over San Jose State By finishing in the top five of the standings, UNLV will be able to skip the play-in round of the Mountain West tournament and advance ... A&E Free Will Astrology (February 29) Now is a time to be extra proactive in learning from your heroes, Gemini—and rounding up new heroes to be influenced by. AREA15 Beach Bums Dive into the sonic waves of genre-defying magic as Beach Bums, hailed as ‘The Wu-Tang of Los Angeles punk’ by OC Weekly, captivate the City ... UnCommons - 6880 Helen Toland St. AMARI All-Day Happy Hour AMARI Italian Kitchen & Wine Shop, has extended its happy hour to last all day on Sundays. Available from 3 to 9 p.m. every week, ... AREA15 Kill The Noise Embark on a sonic journey through the intricate depths of the human spirit with Kill The Noise’s Hollow World Tour live inside The Portal at ... Plaza Hotel and Casino Escape Journey Tribute Band and Framptom Comes Alive ESCAPE THE JOURNEY TRIBUTE is the original authentic tribute to Journey. Voted TOP PRO JOURNEY TRIBUTE These 5 talented musicians that together truly bring you ... The Sand Dollar Jimmy Chamberlin The Jimmy Chamberlin Complex is an exploratory jazz and rock outfit led by Smashing Pumpkins drummer Jimmy Chamberlin. A longtime jazz and fusion aficionado, Chamberlin ... Virgin Hotels Las Vegas Bret Michaels Bret Michaels Parti-Gras Birthday Concert with special guest Edwin McCain News All Aggregate After nearly six years as CCSD's superintendent, Jara says he ‘ran out of fight’ Jesus Jara tells a story about meeting with MGM Resorts International CEO Bill Hornbuckle about a partnership between the prominent resorts company and Clark County ... A&E New Edition is finally ready for its Las Vegas residency at Wynn A Las Vegas residency never seemed in the cards for New Edition until this recent resurgence and the establishment of the group as a treasured ... Breaking News With border crossings up, Las Vegas immigration attorney warns against predatory practices As an immigration attorney who’s been practicing for nearly 15 years, Adriana Pereyra has seen countless clients seeking a new life in the U.S. News All Sports All hands on deck as UNLV downs No. 22 Colorado State Senior center Isaiah Cottrell hasn’t scored in nearly two months, but why should that matter? Faced with an injury-shortened frontcourt rotation, UNLV head coach Kevin ... News All Aggregate East Las Vegas homeowner is out $8,000 after hiring an unlicensed contractor Consumers should get an estimated completion day and details of the work to be performed in writing. Any changes must be agreed upon by both ... A&E Smith Center’s 2024-2025 Broadway series attracts 10 musicals, including ‘Hamilton’ Myron Martin was a senior in high school when he first saw the Broadway production of “The Wiz,” a musical retelling of L. Frank Baum’s ... News All Aggregate North Las Vegas provides runway for renewable jet fuel company Edgewood Renewables, a biofuel production company, is planning a biorefinery for the site of a former fuel terminal in North Las Vegas, with CEO Steve ... News All Sports Resurgent UNLV basketball clinches bye with win over San Jose State By finishing in the top five of the standings, UNLV will be able to skip the play-in round of the Mountain West tournament and advance ... A&E Babyface, Best Friends Forever fest, Jim Gaffigan and more Las Vegas showbiz news Babyface will be the first resident artist at the Pearl Concert Theater since the Palms reopened after the pandemic. News Golden Knights fall at Senators, 4-3 Chandler Stephenson scored twice and Jonathan Marchessault had the other goal for the Knights, who lost their third in a row. Logan Thompson stopped 30 ... News All Sports Golden Knights' coach not satisfied with team's success, wants to build a dynasty It’s six days before the Vegas Golden Knights begin the defense of their Stanley Cup championship. The vibes are still pristine, both on the ice ... Sports Aggregate Home Aggregate Raiders players grade former coach McDaniels as worst in NFL The Raiders graded McDaniels a 'D,' the only team to give such a mark to their coach. The next team above, the Washington Commanders, gave ... News All Sports Luis Rodriguez, UNLV thread the needle in OT win at Wyoming On Tuesday, Rodriguez went the highlight route to put UNLV in the win column, completing a jaw-dropping behind-the-back pass that led to a game-sealing dunk ... Nightlife Bruno Mars’ new Bellagio lounge The Pinky Ring delivers glam and grandiosity Mars’ style can be traced all over this penthouse-style party pad—he even has his Grammy awards on display. A&E Graffiti writer turned digital illustrator and muralist Spen Oner talks Vegas’ scene, street art and more His vibrant style and characters are influenced by cartoons and anime and by the ‘80s B-boy style. Music Bright Eyes, Cap’ N Jazz to Play Best Friends Forever Festival in Las Vegas The three-day festival is set for the Downtown Las Vegas Events Center in October. Politics News All Alabama court’s IVF ruling fuels worry in post-Roe America Cyndy Flores was sitting in a Las Vegas fertility clinic for an ultrasound late last month when her phone buzzed and a sense of sudden ... Music Militarie Gun's first headlining tour lands in Las Vegas this week We spoke with frontman Ian Shelton ahead of the band's show at Eagle Aerie Hall on February 29. Music Blue Note Quintet’s Immanuel Wilkins sheds lights on the current state of jazz Blue Note Records curated, acclaimed quintet performs at the Smith Center this week. All Sports Fighting Weekend wagers: Seven bets to make including on Pennzoil 400 The Pennzoil 400 isn’t one of the auto racing organization’s biggest events of the year from a prestige standpoint, but it stands alone in the ... News Ski resort workers tunnel into the office after getting 10 feet of snow The ski resort nestled 7,000 feet up among mountain peaks 46 miles west of Reno recorded the highest amounts of snow from the storm that ... Politics News All Security is top of mind for election officials in Clark County Clark County is having regular election security meetings with state and federal officials leading up to the November general election to strengthen safety measures for ... News All Opinion Clark County School District asks not to make up missed day The days lost to a teacher strike last fall might not be made up because it would be too difficult to have only eight schools ... News All Aggregate BizTown helps prepare students for life in the real world Junior Achievement of Southern Nevada is developing a facility to provide young people “the tools to dream big” while learning about business and personal finances, ... News All Aggregate East Las Vegas homeowner is out $8,000 after hiring an unlicensed contractor Consumers should get an estimated completion day and details of the work to be performed in writing. Any changes must be agreed upon by both ... Politics News All Alabama court’s IVF ruling fuels worry in post-Roe America Cyndy Flores was sitting in a Las Vegas fertility clinic for an ultrasound late last month when her phone buzzed and a sense of sudden ... News All Sports Golden Knights' coach not satisfied with team's success, wants to build a dynasty It’s six days before the Vegas Golden Knights begin the defense of their Stanley Cup championship. The vibes are still pristine, both on the ice ... News Breaking down summary evictions in Southern Nevada As of February 1, evictions have increased 155% since before the pandemic. Featured Nevada still seeing influx in abortions 20 months Roe overturned Nevada’s average monthly abortions increased 33% after the Dobbs decision. Featured From drag shows and cannabis back to gambling and divorce, Las Vegas remains the place to indulge in ‘banned’ experiences “Everyone knows you can go to Sin City and do what you want to do, and never talk about it again if you don’t want ... A&E Smith Center’s 2024-2025 Broadway series attracts 10 musicals, including ‘Hamilton’ Myron Martin was a senior in high school when he first saw the Broadway production of “The Wiz,” a musical retelling of L. Frank Baum’s ... News All Aggregate North Las Vegas provides runway for renewable jet fuel company Edgewood Renewables, a biofuel production company, is planning a biorefinery for the site of a former fuel terminal in North Las Vegas, with CEO Steve ... News All Aggregate After nearly six years as CCSD's superintendent, Jara says he ‘ran out of fight’ Jesus Jara tells a story about meeting with MGM Resorts International CEO Bill Hornbuckle about a partnership between the prominent resorts company and Clark County ... Breaking News With border crossings up, Las Vegas immigration attorney warns against predatory practices As an immigration attorney who’s been practicing for nearly 15 years, Adriana Pereyra has seen countless clients seeking a new life in the U.S. News Golden Knights fall at Senators, 4-3 Chandler Stephenson scored twice and Jonathan Marchessault had the other goal for the Knights, who lost their third in a row. Logan Thompson stopped 30 ... News All Sports All hands on deck as UNLV downs No. 22 Colorado State Senior center Isaiah Cottrell hasn’t scored in nearly two months, but why should that matter? Faced with an injury-shortened frontcourt rotation, UNLV head coach Kevin ... News All Sports Bishop Gorman player makes most of lone season, lifts Gaels over Coronado for state title Bishop Gorman’s Noah Westbrook tore his knee so badly in the fall of 2021 that it required surgery and a year of rehabilitation. Westbrook had ... A&E Tool’s immersive experience satisfies Las Vegas audience Maynard James Keenan wasn’t feeling good. He admitted as much Sunday to the audience at the comfortably packed T-Mobile Arena, the final stop on the ... News Sports Aggregate Lady Rebels look stronger than ever as they prepare for another Mountain West title run Junior point guard Kiara Jackson says the team is aiming to go further than the past two years, when it was eliminated in its opening ... News All Aggregate Vegas Inc celebrates exemplary executives with the 2024 C-Suite Honors This year's C-Suite honorees represent nonprofits, sports, gaming, government and other industries critical to the success of the cities we call home. Each honoree displays ... This Month in Las Vegas Search Events: [{"timestamp":"1709694000000","date":"2024-03-05 19:00:00","type":"Show","title":"WOW- The Vegas Spectacular @ Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino ","description":"","url":"/events/ongoing/32227/"},{"timestamp":"1709703000000","date":"2024-03-05 21:30:00","type":"Show","title":"WOW- The Vegas Spectacular @ Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino ","description":"","url":"/events/ongoing/32227/"},{"timestamp":"1709690400000","date":"2024-03-05 18:00:00","type":"Trivia","title":"TRIVIA TUESDAYS IN THE FRONT YARD @ The Front Yard at Ellis Island","description":"","url":"/events/ongoing/33170/"}] Featured Cocktail “Cinnamon, Spice & Everything Nice” MADE WITH OLD FORESTER 1920 PROHIBITION Horoscopes Free Will Astrology (February 29) Now is a time to be extra proactive in learning from your heroes, Gemini—and rounding up new heroes to be influenced by. Read Your Horoscope Trending Now Bruno Mars’ new Bellagio lounge The Pinky Ring delivers glam and grandiosity Graffiti writer turned digital illustrator and muralist Spen Oner talks Vegas’ scene, street art and more Bright Eyes, Cap’ N Jazz to Play Best Friends Forever Festival in Las Vegas Militarie Gun's first headlining tour lands in Las Vegas this week Blue Note Quintet’s Immanuel Wilkins sheds lights on the current state of jazz Las Vegas Weekly Best of 2023 Best of 2022 Best of 2021 User Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Staff Digital Edition Feeds Advertise Email Signup Facebook Twitter Google+ Greenspun Media Group Las Vegas Sun Vegas INC Las Vegas Magazine