Agile Alliance Membership Membership Join Agile Alliance Why Join? Membership FAQ Renew Membership Corporate Member Directory Member Portal Join Agile Alliance Why Join? Membership FAQ Renew Membership Corporate Member Directory Member Portal Members-only Content Monthly Member Events Event Session Videos Experience Reports Research Papers Share a Community Event Submit an Article to the Blog Submit a Member Initiative Promote a Training Event Become an Agile Alliance member! Your membership enables us to offer a wealth of resources, present renowned international events, support global community groups, and so much more! And, while you’re supporting our non-profit mission, you’ll also gain access to a range of valuable member benefits. Learn more Join Us Today Why Join? Member Portal Pricing Membership FAQs Terms and Conditions Corporate Members Events Agile Conferences Agile en Chile 2024 XP 2024 Agile2024 Agile Executive Forum Agile2024 European Experience All Agile Alliance Events Past Conferences Become an Event Sponsor Virtual Events Member Events Calendar Agile MiniCon BYOC Lean Coffee Game On Agile Tech Talks Member Meet & Greet Agile Coaching Network Full Events Calendar Community Events Non-profit Events Agile Training Sponsored Meetup Groups Submit a Non-profit Event Submit a For-profit Training Event Funding Request Global Events Calendars Digital Cleanup Gathering – Improving on the State of Sustainability in AgileThe Agile Sustainability Initiative invites you to gather with like-minded people to dig through your digital cupboards and start your spring cleaning for a preparatory gathering ahead of Digital Cleanup Day. Events Calendar Agile2023 Monthly Events Game On! Agile Coaching Network BYOC – Lean Coffee Member Meet & Greet Agile Tech Talks Agile Training Community Events View All Events Submit an Event Meetup Groups Past Conferences & Events Agile Essentials Agile Essentials is designed to bring you up to speed on the basic concepts and principles of Agile with articles, videos, glossary terms, and more. Agile Essentials Essentials Overview Agile 101 – What is Agile? Agile Glossary Agile Manifesto The 12 Principles Introductory Videos Short History of Agile Agile Practices Timeline Agile Practice Subway Map Essentials Overview Agile 101 – What is Agile? Agile Glossary Agile Manifesto The 12 Principles Introductory Videos Short History of Agile Agile Practices Timeline Agile Practice Subway Map Download the Agile Manifesto To download a free PDF copy of the Agile Manifesto and 12 Principles of Agile, simply sign-up for our newsletter. Agile Alliance members can download it for free. Sign-up now Agile Essentials Overview Agile 101 Agile Manifesto 12 Principles Behind the Manifesto A Short History of Agile Subway Map to Agile Practices Agile Glossary Introductory Videos Resources Recent Blog Posts Ensuring safe, inclusive Agile events Agile Alliance Agile leadership lessons from Andy Reid: empowering individuals to score big Tonya Farmer An Agile focus on minimalism Donald “Mark” Haynes View all blog posts Agile Resources The Blog Agile Glossary Event Sessions Agile Videos Experience Reports Research Papers Agile Games Agile Bookstore Agile Career Center The Blog Agile Glossary Event Sessions Agile Videos Experience Reports Research Papers Agile Games Agile Bookstore Agile Career Center The Agile Resource Library Find expert help with your Agile adoption within our vast library of online resources, including Agile glossary, event session videos, experience reports, research papers, blog posts, books, and more! Learn more Remote Working Guide Blog Agile Glossary Event Sessions Videos Experience Reports Books Research Papers Content Library Community Sustainability Manifesto The Agile Sustainability Initiative has created the Agile Sustainability Manifesto in an effort to grow awareness about sustainability within the Agile community and inspire a more sustainable way of working. Read and sign now MEMBER INITIATIVES Agile Sustainability Initiative Principle 12 Initiative Agile in Color Initiative Agile Coach Camp Worldwide Agile Coaching Ethics View all initiatives Your Community Community Groups Community Events Sponsored MeetUp Groups Community Services Member Initiatives Volunteer Signup Community Groups Community Events Sponsored MeetUp Groups Community Services Member Initiatives Volunteer Signup Global Development LATAM Community India Community Global Affiliates Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand Community Groups Community Events Community Services Member Initiatives Community Development LATAM Community Development India Community Development Volunteer Signup Corporate Members About Us Global Affiliates Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand OUR POLICIES Code of Conduct Policies, Reports & Bylaws Content Standards Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Policies, Reports & Bylaws Content Standards Privacy Policy Cookie Policy ABOUT US About the Alliance Our Team Board of Directors Logo Files Become a Sponsor Newsletter Signup Contact Us About the Alliance Our Team Board of Directors Logo Files Become a Sponsor Newsletter Signup Contact Us Become a sponsor Being an Agile Alliance sponsor is a great way to introduce your company to our members to build awareness around your products and services. The Call for Agile2024 Sponsorships is now open, and there are great options and opportunities still available! Learn more > Learn more About Agile Alliance Code of Conduct Board of Directors Our Team Global Affiliates Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand Policies, Reports & Bylaws Logo and Media Files Become a Sponsor Contact Us Join Now Log in Search Search Profile Agile2024 is the world’s premier Agile conference dedicated to exploring, innovating, and advancing Agile values and principles, and creating a space for people and ideas to flourish. Learn More and Register Explore a wealth of Agile events and resources Whether you are at the start of your Agile journey or have years of experience shaping workplace change, Agile Alliance has something for you. We create opportunities to develop your knowledge, share your ideas and connect with others so you can help your organization build customer value. Join today for just $59 and take advantage of the great events and resources available exclusively for our members. Networking and Community Development We support a network of nearly 300 community groups to connect you with other professionals interested in the topics you care about. We can also help you establish your own Agile community group. Agile Alliance Member Advocacy We care about and advocate for diversity, equity, and inclusion in workplaces where people demonstrate compassion and empathy. Join other members who are working together to address these complex and important issues. Educational Conferences and Events We create and support events to enhance your professional skills and improve industry practices. As well as hosting unmatched conferences, such as Agile2024, and free online monthly member events, we support hundreds of Agile conferences, events, and meetups worldwide. Large Library of Online Resources and Training As a member, you can access one of the largest online libraries of Agile resources to help build your knowledge and accelerate your application of the Agile mindset and practices. You can also contribute to this collection of articles and recordings to help others looking for info or inspiration. Advancing Agile Methods and Practices Agile has grown beyond software development and is now being adapted and used in other industries. Agile Alliance members share knowledge based on their experiences bringing agility into management, finance, education, manufacturing, and other non-software spaces. Agile Alliance Member Code of Conduct Our goal is to build a safe and healthy Agile community for everyone. This is why all participants at Agile Alliance and affiliated events agree and adhere to our code of conduct. Online Learning Agile Alliance hosts a range of regular online event sessions for members, including Agile Tech Talks, Game On, BYOC – Lean Coffee, and more. Learn More Agile Essentials Get up to speed on the basic concepts and principles of Agile with articles, videos, and glossary terms, as well as the Agile Manifesto and the 12 Principles. Learn More Member Initiatives Driven by Agile values and fueled by our volunteers’ efforts, here are the Agile Alliance programs and initiatives made possible by your membership. Learn More Member Resources Agile Alliance provides a range of members-only learning resources, including Event Session videos, Experience Reports, Research Papers, and more. Learn More Educational Conferences and Events Events and Conferences We create and sponsor events to enhance your professional skills and improve industry practices. As well as hosting unmatched conferences, such as Agile2024, and free online monthly member events, we support hundreds of Agile conferences, events, and meetups worldwide. View Events Since 2001, Agile Alliance has been informing and inspiring people and organizations as they explore, apply and expand the values, principles, and practices outlined in the Agile Manifesto. Read the Agile Manifesto, and learn more about its history, and its authors. Since 2001, Agile Alliance has been informing and inspiring people and organizations as they explore, apply and expand the values, principles, and practices outlined in the Agile Manifesto. Read the Agile Manifesto, and learn more about its history, and its authors. Valuable benefits for both individuals and organizations When you join, you’re not just supporting our mission, you also gain access to an extensive library of Agile resources like research papers, event sessions, experience reports, and videos that can inform your work and enhance your career. As a corporate member, you not only gain these benefits for your employees, but you stand among industry leaders who champion Agile values and principles and who value creating effective, humane, and sustainable workplaces. Learn More Becoming an Agile Alliance member brings you the world We bring the Agile community together on an international scale. As a member of Agile Alliance, you are connected to a global community of people working to improve the world by improving the way people work. Our global reach allows you to draw on ideas and expertise from across the globe, exposing you to diverse perspectives and solutions. Our events, resources, and network invite you to explore new approaches and apply Agile thinking to build outstanding business outcomes. Join Today Join us at an Agile Alliance event or conference Agile practitioners regularly share their knowledge, experience, and ideas through practical talks and workshops. Register today for one of these upcoming learning events, then check our schedule to take part in other great upcoming sessions. How to sell a big refactor or rewrite to the businessMarch 13, 2024In the world of software development, dealing with legacy code is often a necessary evil, especially for successful, fast-growing companies. The design stamina hypothesis suggests that legacy code is a sign of success, not failure. But how do we tackle this challenge smartly? Digital Cleanup Gathering – Improving on the State of Sustainability in AgileMarch 15, 2024The Agile Sustainability Initiative invites you to gather with like-minded people to dig through your digital cupboards and start your spring cleaning for a preparatory gathering ahead of Digital Cleanup Day. Agile en Chile – 2024April 10, 2024Unete a nuestra conferencia presencial en Santiago Agile en Chile 2024 en una conferencia presencial que atraerá a destacados Agilistas locales e internacionales que ser reunirán por dos días consecutivos […] Recent Posts from the Agile Alliance Blog Expand your knowledge, stay up-to-date, or rekindle your inspiration through articles by some of the top practitioners in our industry – our members and staff. We invite you to explore the hundreds of posts written by members of our community. Ensuring safe, inclusive Agile eventsThe mission of Agile Alliance is to support people and organizations who explore, apply, and expand Agile values, principles, and practices. When members of the Agile community have concerns about our pursuit of that mission, it is important to address those issues. Agile leadership lessons from Andy Reid: empowering individuals to score bigDiscover how the dynamic duo of Andy Reid and Patrick Mahomes exemplifies Agile leadership by valuing individuals and interactions, inspiring a blueprint for impactful team guidance. An Agile focus on minimalism Donald “Mark” Haynes Access Beyond the Newsletter! Tonya Farmer Important notice: 2024 annual dues adjustment Agile Alliance View all blog posts Recent Blog Posts Expand your knowledge, stay up-to-date, or rekindle your inspiration through articles by some of the top practitioners in our industry – our members and staff. We invite you to explore the hundreds of posts written by members of our community. Ensuring safe, inclusive Agile eventsThe mission of Agile Alliance is to support people and organizations who explore, apply, and expand Agile values, principles, and practices. When members of the Agile community have concerns about our pursuit of that mission, it is important to address those issues. Agile leadership lessons from Andy Reid: empowering individuals to score bigDiscover how the dynamic duo of Andy Reid and Patrick Mahomes exemplifies Agile leadership by valuing individuals and interactions, inspiring a blueprint for impactful team guidance. Discover the many benefits of membership Your membership enables Agile Alliance to offer a wealth of first-rate resources, present renowned international events, support global community groups, and more — all geared toward helping Agile practitioners reach their full potential and deliver innovative, Agile solutions. Log in now Learn more Thank you to our valued Agile Alliance Annual Partners Our new Annual Partner Program offers a new and exciting level of engagement beyond event sponsorship. Agile Alliance Official Partner Agile Alliance Corporate Partner Our Cornerstone Corporate Supporting Members Our Corporate Supporting Members are vital to the mission of Agile Alliance. Click here to view all corporate members. Our Corporate Supporting Members are vital to the mission of Agile Alliance. Click here to view all corporate members. Agile Community Community Groups Community Events Sponsored MeetUp Groups Community Services Member Initiatives Volunteer Signup Community Groups Community Events Sponsored MeetUp Groups Community Services Member Initiatives Volunteer Signup Agile Essentials Essentials Overview Agile 101 – What is Agile? Agile Glossary Agile Manifesto The 12 Principles Introductory Videos Short History of Agile Agile Practices Timeline Agile Practice Subway Map Essentials Overview Agile 101 – What is Agile? Agile Glossary Agile Manifesto The 12 Principles Introductory Videos Short History of Agile Agile Practices Timeline Agile Practice Subway Map Agile Resources The Blog Agile Glossary Event Sessions Agile Videos Experience Reports Research Papers Agile Games Agile Bookstore Agile Career Center Resources Overview The Blog Agile Glossary Event Sessions Agile Videos Experience Reports Research Papers Agile Games Agile Bookstore Agile Career Center Resources Overview Global Affiliates Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand Agile Events Events Calendar Community Events Meetup Groups Submit an Event Global Events Calendars Agile Training Past Conferences Events Calendar Community Events Meetup Groups Submit an Event Global Events Calendars Agile Training Past Conferences About Us About the Alliance Our Team Board of Directors Logo Files Become a Sponsor Newsletter Signup Contact Us About the Alliance Our Team Board of Directors Logo Files Become a Sponsor Newsletter Signup Contact Us Membership Join Agile Alliance Why Join? Membership FAQ Renew Membership Corporate Member Directory Member Portal Join Agile Alliance Why Join? Membership FAQ Renew Membership Corporate Member Directory Member Portal Policies + Principles Code of Conduct Policies, Reports & Bylaws Content Standards Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Policies, Reports & Bylaws Content Standards Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Sign up for Agile News Get the latest Agile Alliance news and updates, including event announcements, special offers, discounts, and more by becoming a newsletter subscriber today. Sign Up Now ©2024 Agile Alliance | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy Linkedin-in Mastodon Twitter Facebook-f Instagram Envelope Membership Join Us Today Why Join? Pricing Renew Membership Membership FAQs Terms and Conditions Corporate Members Member Portal Events Calendar Agile Alliance Events Agile en Español Agile en Chile Game On! BYOC – Lean Coffee Member Meet & Greet Agile Tech Talks Agile Coaching Network Past Conferences & Events Community Events Community Events Agile Training Sponsored Meetup Groups Submit an Event Agile Essentials Agile Essentials Overview Agile 101 Agile Manifesto 12 Principles Behind the Manifesto A Short History of Agile Subway Map to Agile Practices Agile Glossary Introductory Videos Resources Resources Overview Blog Event Sessions Videos Experience Reports Research Papers Agile Glossary Agile Books Content Library by Category Community Member Initiatives Community Events Community Groups Volunteer Signup Community Services Community Development LATAM Community Development India Community Development About The Alliance About Agile Alliance Board of Directors Our Team Logo and Media Files Become a Sponsor Corporate Members Contact Us Our Policies Code of Conduct Policies, Reports & Bylaws Content Standards Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Global Affiliates Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand Get the Latest Agile News Get the latest news and updates from Agile Alliance, including event announcements, special offers, discounts, and more by becoming a newsletter subscriber today. Sign Up Now ©2024 Agile Alliance All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy Linkedin-in Mastodon Twitter Facebook-f Instagram Privacy Preference Center Options Consent Management Consent Management OK Welcome back! Username or Email Address Password Remember Me Log In Lost your password? Not yet a member? Sign up now Search Search Membership Join Us Today Why Join? Pricing Renew Membership Membership FAQs Terms and Conditions Corporate Members Member Portal Events Calendar Agile Alliance Events Agile en Español Agile en Chile Game On! BYOC – Lean Coffee Member Meet & Greet Agile Tech Talks Agile Coaching Network Past Conferences & Events Community Events Community Events Agile Training Sponsored Meetup Groups Submit an Event Agile Essentials Agile Essentials Overview Agile 101 Agile Manifesto 12 Principles Behind the Manifesto A Short History of Agile Subway Map to Agile Practices Agile Glossary Introductory Videos Resources Resources Overview Blog Event Sessions Videos Experience Reports Research Papers Agile Glossary Agile Books Content Library by Category Community Member Initiatives Community Events Community Groups Volunteer Signup Community Services Community Development LATAM Community Development India Community Development About The Alliance About Agile Alliance Board of Directors Our Team Logo and Media Files Become a Sponsor Corporate Members Contact Us Our Policies Code of Conduct Policies, Reports & Bylaws Content Standards Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Global Affiliates Agile Alliance Brazil Agile Alliance New Zealand We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Please see our Privacy Notice for further information. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescription__cfduid1 monthThe cookie is used by cdn services like CloudFare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. It does not correspond to any user ID in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information._csrfsessionThis cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. It ensures visitor browsing security by preventing cross-site request forgery._GRECAPTCHA5 months 27 daysThis cookie is set by Google. In addition to certain standard Google cookies, reCAPTCHA sets a necessary cookie (_GRECAPTCHA) when executed for the purpose of providing its risk analysis.cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".gdpr[allowed_cookies]1 yearThis cookie is set by the GDPR WordPress plugin. It is used to store the cookies allowed by the logged-in users and the visitors of the website.JSESSIONIDsessionUsed by sites written in JSP. General purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.PHPSESSIDsessionThis cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.pmpro_visitThe cookie is set by PaidMembership Pro plugin. The cookie is used to manage user memberships.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. CookieDurationDescription__atuvc1 year 1 monthThis cookie is set by Addthis to make sure you see the updated count if you share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated.__atuvs30 minutesThis cookie is set by Addthis to make sure you see the updated count if you share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated.__jid30 minutesUsed to remember the user's Disqus login credentials across websites that use Disqusaka_debugThis cookie is set by the provider Vimeo.This cookie is essential for the website to play video functionality. The cookie collects statistical information like how many times the video is displayed and what settings are used for playback.bcookie2 yearsThis cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page.CONSENT16 years 8 months 15 days 5 hoursDescription Pendingdisqus_unique1 yearDisqus.com internal statisticslangsessionThis cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website.languageThis cookie is used to store the language preference of the user.lidc1 dayThis cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing.locale3 daysThis cookie is used to store the language preference of a user allowing the website to content relevant to the preferred language.STYXKEY_aa_signup_visitedsessionNo description Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. CookieDurationDescription_gat_UA-17319182-11 minuteSet by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to enable website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. The information collected includes number of visitors, pages visited and time spent on the website. The information is collected by Google Analytics in aggregated and anonymous form, and we use the data to help us make improvements to the website.YSCsessionThis cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. CookieDurationDescription_ga2 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gat_gtag_UA_17319182_11 minuteSet by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to enable website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. The information collected includes number of visitors, pages visited and time spent on the website. The information is collected by Google Analytics in aggregated and anonymous form, and we use the data to help us make improvements to the website._gat_UA-0000000-11 minuteSet by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to enable website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. The information collected includes number of visitors, pages visited and time spent on the website. The information is collected by Google Analytics in aggregated and anonymous form, and we use the data to help us make improvements to the website._gid1 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.eud1 year 24 daysThe domain of this cookie is owned by Rocketfuel. This cookie is used to sync with partner systems to identify the users. This cookie contains partner user IDs and last successful match time.S1 hourdomain .google.comuvc1 year 1 monthThe cookie is set by addthis.com to determine the usage of Addthis.com service.vuid2 yearsThis domain of this cookie is owned by Vimeo. This cookie is used by vimeo to collect tracking information. It sets a unique ID to embed videos to the website. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. CookieDurationDescription_fbp3 monthsThis cookie is set by Facebook to deliver advertisement when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting this website.AnalyticsSyncHistory1 monthUsed to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countriesbscookie2 yearsThis cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags.eudssessionThese cookies are from Rocket Fuel (rfihub.com) and are used to deliver targeted advertising across their network sites ensuring users see relevant advertising.fr3 monthsThe cookie is set by Facebook to show relevant advertisments to the users and measure and improve the advertisements. The cookie also tracks the behavior of the user across the web on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin.IDE1 year 24 daysUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.loc1 year 1 monthThis cookie is set by Addthis. This is a geolocation cookie to understand where the users sharing the information are located.NID6 monthsThis cookie is used to a profile based on user's interest and display personalized ads to the users.pxrc2 monthsThe purpose of the cookie is to identify a visitor to serve relevant advertisement.rlas31 yearThe cookie is set by rlcdn.com. The cookie is used to serve relevant ads to the visitor as well as limit the time the visitor sees an and also measure the effectiveness of the campaign.rud1 year 24 daysThe domain of this cookie is owned by Rocketfuel. The main purpose of this cookie is advertising. This cookie is used to identify an user by an alphanumeric ID. It register the user data like IP, location, visited website, ads clicked etc with this it optimize the ads display based on user behaviour.rudssessionThe domain of this cookie is owned by Rocketfuel. This cookie is a session cookie version of the 'rud' cookie. It contain the user ID information. It is used to deliver targeted advertising across the networks.sd-session-id1 year 24 days Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. test_cookie15 minutesThis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.UID2 yearsThis cookie is used by AddThis as a unique user ID that recognises the user on returning visits.UserMatchHistory1 monthLinkedin - Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.uuid23 monthsThis cookies is set by AppNexus. The cookies stores information that helps in distinguishing between devices and browsers. This information us used to select advertisements served by the platform and assess the performance of the advertisement and attribute payment for those advertisements.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE5 months 27 daysThis cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.xtc1 year 1 monthAnonymously tracks user behaviour on the websites that allow a user to share pages on social media using the AddThis tool. AddThis log the anonymous use to generate usage trends to improve the relevance of their services and advertising.zync-uuid1 year 23 days 17 hoursThe purpose of the cookie is to serve visitors with relevant advertisement. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. CookieDurationDescriptionCP5XKN6QLDFWUCThis cookie is provided by the Calculated Fields form. This cookie is used by the online calculators on the website. Without the Calculated Fields cookie the instant quotation may not work. Save & Accept