Weblizar - Premium WordPress Themes and Plugins Special Offer Themes ($99) + Plugins ($100) = All Products Bundles ($199) Grab it Now E-mail : lizarweb [at] gmail [dot] com Hire Us Book Demo LOGIN SIGN-UP/ RENEW Home Themes WordPress Premium Themes Free WordPress Themes Magento Premium Themes Plugins Premium Plugins Free WordPress Plugins Product Bundles Theme Bundle Plugin Bundle HTML Bundle HTML Templates Support Help Desk Documentation Video Tutorial Demo Contents Translate Weblizar WordPress plugins Blog Contact Develop Your Dream WordPress Website We have had so far a beautiful journey. We designed clean professional easy to customized theme & plugins. 109 + Free + Premium Products 270 K Active Happy Customer 10 Year Of Experience REASONS TO CHOOSE US Experts in Developement, Fast & Dedicated Support Weblizar is in the business of Making WordPress Themes & Plugin since 2010 and we provide free and affordable premium themes & plugins to everyone. Our Free Themes have received a Combined total of over a Million Downloads, and we have over 340k+ Satisfied customers for our Premium and free WordPress Themes and plugins. You will have a decent website in no time. We will give you many more reasons to choose our themes and plugins. Dedicated Premium Support One License, Unlimited Licenses High Successful Recovery Regular Updates & Maintenance Why You Will Love Our Product With 5 years of experience, we've got features built into every themes and plugin. we know you're going to love! 100% Mobile Friendly We build responsive web designs to support all major devices including PC, Tablets, iPhone and Mobiles Easy Customization You can easily customize your website with the help of intuitive customize options which enable you to represent your site as your desire. Lightweight Code We develop our themes and plugins with lightweight code, minimal scripts, clean formatting, and descriptive commenting for easy customization and fast load times. Fast & Friendly Support Our fast & friendly support is key to the success and happiness of our customers around the globe. We will be there for you within 24 hours. Search Engine Optimised Our state-of-the-art coding technique will never let you down in respect of search engines. These SEO friendly themes will rank you high in SERP. Regular Updates We don’t just release themes and move on to the next one. We update them often. And not just to keep up with changes to WordPress, but to improve them. FEATURED PLUGINS Best Premium WordPress Plugins. 100% Responsive and Mobile Friendly VIEW DETAIL Ultimate Timeline - Responsive Timeline History 19 Best Selling VIEW DETAIL School Management - Education & Learning Management 49 VIEW DETAIL Online Exam Management - Education & Results Management 20 VIEW DETAIL Jobs Portal Pro 15 Android & IOS Apps Android And IOS Apps for the school Management. It allow to student and parent to manage the school activities Check the Android App with below given login details for donwlaod to click here Demo App Username : student1 Password : 123456 Buy Now ($40) View Demo Android App $40 View Detail View Demo IOS ( Coming soon ) FEATURED THEMES Best Premium WordPress Themes. 100% Responsive and Mobile Friendly New Theme VIEW DETAIL VIEW DEMO Edutechstar Premium 15 VIEW DETAIL VIEW DEMO Recore Premium 15 Newly lunched VIEW DETAIL VIEW DEMO Medicore premium 15 New VIEW DETAIL VIEW DEMO Intechno Premium Theme 15 Laravel Based System Best Premium Laravel Based System. 100% Responsive and Mobile Friendly. VIEW DETAIL The School Management - Education & Learning Management $50 VIEW DETAIL Web-cart - Multi Vendor e-Commerce Marketplace 39 VIEW DETAIL Online Exam Management - Quiz & Education Results Management system 50 Our Portfolio Our completed 100% Responsive and Mobile Friendly Projects. yesbud.online PHP, Wordpress iiithyderabadmocktest.com PHP, Laravel ashishgrouptuitions.in PHP, Wordpress mathcoaching.net PHP, Wordpress dbdgcambodia.store PHP, Laravel themodern-uni.com PHP, Wordpress View More What Our Customers Says Melanie Cohen Marketing Director https://www.brandlists.com/ We are very happy with overall quality of products and services offered by Weblizer. They don't just have a great quality of the product but also amazing and top notch after sales support. We have been using their free and premium plugins and highly recommend their plugins (as well as themes) to everyone who is looking to enhance their WordPress blog Read More Adam Hayatt https://kiwiwebsitedesign.nz/ Being a Top Rated SEO Service in New Zealand, Kiwi Website Design always recommend Weblizer products to our valuable clients. Weblizer's "SEO Image Optimizer Pro" is on of the best. Great Customer Support and Friendly people. Highly Recommended! Read More Wynn SEO Specialist https://digitalm.sg/ Love Weblizar's plugins, especially their SEO image optimizer. Simple to use and convenient, I will definitely recommend Weblizar to all who wants to create an SEO-friendly website. Read More Anders Kleiven CEO Nettpro AS jobbifroygruppen.no Weblizar is reliable and very efficient. They have very good support and good understanding of our project. We recommend weblizar and will use them in future projects Read More Jack Foster Owner https://www.vpngeeks.com I've purchased several plugins from Weblizar over the past few years for a number of key features that we've implemented and we've been very impressed with the quality and overall support. Read More Glenn Eaton Website designer http://eatonfamily.net.au/yea-wetlands-walk/ Thanks for being so quick to my request for more size choices in the plugin. It’s a real space saver on my website, and now the images looks just as good as if they came from a high res image from my website. It is good to meet a software developer ready and willing to make changes to their plugin. Read More Richard Corona Owner http://cheapholidaysabroad.co.uk/ Weblizar certainly gets two thumbs up where it concerns customer support when you have an issue that needs to be promptly resolved. Besides this, I have found their WP premium themes versatile fast loading and simple to work with. I have tried other premium themes for WP but they are not a patch on that weblizar offer. Read More Rogério Teixeira Martins Owner http://consulting.blog.br/ "Serious company is unusual in the business world. I needed help and was promptly partner Vebhor Purandare. I wish all success in the world those warriors willing to collaborate with the success of even couples. Big hug to the whole team! Read More Wolfgang Kasulke Head of Dept. https://presse-wk.de/ Weblizar's support - unbelievable fast, high availability and always with focus on customers needs. At this point it's time to give a special thanks to Mr. Shobhit and Ms. Surbhi. We really appreciate the kind of how you are doing your job. Read More Amar Kukreja Content Writer and Blogger how2reach2every1.org. All articles of your site's are of high Quality, informative and well-formatted with high resolution of images. Weblizar is a well designed website. Also, all products and themes are very nice. I wish you Best of luck for your Bright Future and want to see your website on Top on Search Engine. Read More Sean Johnson Web Designer http://www.createablognow.com/ The photo gallery plugin is fantastic, integrates very well and I couldn't fault the customer support. Looking forward to trying one of your themes next :) Read More James Wilson Web Developer https://www.top10-websitehosting.co.uk/ I use the related posts pro plugin on all my sites now. The functionality and features it has are fantastic. The support is great too. Highly recommend A+++ Read More Serdar GÖKÇE Owner www.otobusbiletionline.com It does not matter if you buy a theme you like, It is important that the theme given to the support. I always got the best support from Weblizar. If you do not have support, your product may be garbage. Thanks to Enigma Advanced for everything you give us free of charge and thanks for everything Weblizar Team Read More Steven LaSelva Web Master http://www.flashsportsphotography.com/ I found Weblizar's LightBox Gallery and I was pleased with what I found. It was all that I needed in a Gallery. Simple to use, excellent layout and design, and even a great roll over feature. I had an issue with CSS and after leaving a message with their support they were on it right away and fixed it! Can't say enough about how great it is to finally have a working Gallery without having to jump through a million parameters. Read More Tom V. Web Designer http://www.jmapc.com earched forever for a plug-in that does what this one does. Finally scored. And not only is the plug-in great, but the customer service is awesome! Super fast response and friendly. Thank you! Read More graphicmas web designer http://www.sveta.it/home/ Weblizar Responsive photo gallery plugin is good as gallery plugin Read More Mona http://www.mitasyl.dk/ To me the Weblizar-themes are lovely, and the many possibilities for customizing. Not to mention, whenever I was in troubles to customize, I had an excellent and professional service. My warmest recommendations and best wishes for the Weblizar-future. Read More Andrey M Hello everyone! Sharing feedback. Support works fine, quickly respond and help all to adjust. Templates quite nice with a very inexpensive cost. Look! Read More Mr. Pranav M Jere CEO - Edify Now Mr. Wolfgang Tech. Lead - //presse-wk.de Mr. Rob V. Zoelen Owner - Digital Optimizers Lab Mr. Animesh Raj Vardhan Founder - Smart and Logical Learning Weblizar - WordPress Themes and Plugins4.9Based on 123 reviewsreview us onMercia Maria11:51 08 Dec 22I have purchased a plugin bundle for my website and it worked flawlessly without any bugs. I would highly recommend their services and If you want to develop an amazing website do take their servicesArvind Sharma06:25 01 Sep 22We have purchase the plugin of school management system from weblizar, and it is the best working platform for our school. We are satisfy with the services .Enginx Connect20:54 25 Nov 21His products are so we'll thought out... And His customer service is amazing. I think so far he his school management system is the most flexible I have purchased. Both in pricing and usability... You might not need to train your clients before they understand how to use it. 🤝Saiful Karim19:02 30 Jul 21Weblizar Wordpress Themes and Plugins are World Standard. This team is working hard to develop very helpful and essential themes and plugins at the cost of a lunch price. They are deserving much more appreciation. The members of the team will be always blessed by the Almighty for helping people to solve complicated task with a very simple and easy way. I recommend to buy their products. They are very helping and cooperative.APEX Life Mastery14:58 06 Nov 20We cannot say enough good things about the Enigma theme for WordPress, and the team behind it at Weblizar. This theme has it all, and after comparing literally well over a hundred of them we can say nothing even comes close, both in terms of features as well as easy! customization. Makes your site shine with silky smooth parallax and includes a killer slider, interactive gallery, and the best blog reader we’ve come across. And then there is the support! Their team worked with us until everything looked and worked the way we wanted, and even walked us through creating a child theme to protect all our work. Good people who truly care! And their dedication clearly shows in the quality of their theme. Help Support 24/7 Hours Call Now : +91- 9950348952, Whatsapp Now : +91-9950348952, 8209257279 Skype : weblizar Email : lizarweb@gmail.com Email Support : support@weblizar.com Made In India | Copyright © 2014-2023 | Terms Of Services | A Product of Intechno Software Pvt. Ltd. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok