Continuous Performance Management Software - 15Five Skip to content 15Five Compensation is here! Connect pay and performance under one roof – join us on 3/14 to learn more and to see the solution in action Register for free Why 15Five Why Choose 15Five? Our approach to people is different - and we're proud of it. Customer Stories Hear why our customers love us in their words HR Outcomes Flywheel How 15Five is the system of action to drive your most important outcomes Solutions Improve Manager Effectiveness Increase Employee Engagement Maximize Employee Performance Reduce Regrettable Turnover Products Overview Platform overview Core Platform Integrations Compensation NEW! Spark AI NEW! HRIS Connector Products Perform Performance reviews and measurement that inspire growth. Engage Engagement surveys and feedback tools to focus on what matters. Transform A blended learning solution designed to upskill managers at all levels. Dashboard Track and improve your team's most important metrics. See All Resources Content Library Books, guides, videos and more for thriving organizations Blog Deep insights on developing people, teams, and organizations Help Center Get the latest walkthroughs, tips, and product releases Podcasts Listen to stories from the frontlines of HR and People Ops Community Find your people with the HR Superstars Community Events Upcoming webinars and events Featured Resources HR Outcomes Playbook Discover the outcomes HR leaders should focus on to ignite impact. First 90 days Your roadmap to success in the first 90 days in a new role and beyond. Company About Learn about our mission, values, and story Partnership Programs Connect your clients with a best-in-class HR technology Press See what the media has been saying about us Careers Come be a part of our award-winning culture Refer a Friend Invite your friends to join 15Five Contact Us Let’s get connected We’re Hiring Sales Development Rep Sales Development All Open Positions Pricing Log In Book a Demo Hello Most performance management platforms don’t actually manage performance.They barely measure it. Only 15Five transforms your own data into guided actions with clear results. Book a Demo Let's Chat Video Play Button Video Play Button Close button Platform HRIS is your system of record.15Five is your system of action. Our Products HR Outcomes Flywheel The future of strategic HR See the Flywheel Spark AI The first-of-its-kind assistant for employees, managers and HR leaders. See Spark AI HR Outcomes Dashboard Track and improve your team's most important metrics See HR Outcomes Dashboard Over 3,500 organizations trust 15Five to increase employee engagement, performance, and retention “Perfect tool for performance management” Supriya T “Fabulous software and even better team” Bri A "We LOVE 15Five!" Lynn R “Best in its category and a must have tool for any high growth company” Quirin S “Easy to set up and manage” Reema M "Productive and transparent performance management for all!" Zach E Why 15Five? Take control of turnover, performance, and ineffective management before they impact your bottom line See How Complete the measurement → action loop 15Five is the only continuous solution that uses your own performance & engagement data, powered by AI, to prescribe actions proven to achieve the outcomes you care about, and quantify the results Unlock the full power of your managers, at scale We transform managers into catalysts for change with easy-to-use resources & training that enhance their effectiveness, supported by AI right within existing workflows. Video Play Button "Now we've got retention around the 94% mark" Kirsti Grant VP of People Experience Close button Level up your HR strategy and impact Enhance your knowledge and skill with resources for today’s priorities. eBook Guide to Getting Executive Buy-In for Strategic HR Investments Get the guide that will provide best practices and help you craft an internal pitch to other executives for strategic HR investments. Download Now eBook 15Five’s OKR Playbook A starting point for you to gain more insight into the OKR methodology, how OKRs can be used, and how to make them successful in your organization. Download Now Become an HR Superstar Join fellow HR pros who are taking a strategic lead and making an impact. Join the Community Try 15Five Today Ready to drive extraordinary performance? Let's Chat View Pricing Why 15FiveWhy Choose 15Five Customer Stories The HR Outcomes Flywheel PlatformHR Outcomes Dashboard Spark AI Core Platform Perform Engage Transform Compensation Integration Partners HRIS Connector Plans & Pricing SolutionsImprove Manager Effectiveness Increase Employee Engagement Maximize Employee Performance Reduce Regrettable Turnover ResourcesContent Library Blog Help Center Events Podcast HR Superstars Community CompanyAbout Careers Partner Program DEIB Contact Us Apple App Store badge Google Play Store badge Instagram icon Facebook icon Twitter icon LinkedIn icon © 2024 15Five Security Privacy Terms We use cookies to optimize our website and our service Cookie PolicyAccept AllFunctional Only | Cookie SettingsManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.