Home | The ILR School Skip to main content Logo for Cornell University and the ILR School The Cornell University logo seal and the ILR School logo placed side-by-side. Main navigation Toggle menu About ILR Who We Are About ILR People at ILR Alumni Catherwood Library Centers & Institutes Founding Faculty Where We Are Cornell ILR in NYC Cornell in Buffalo Conference Centers News & Publications Research News ILR Review ILR Press Programs & Admissions Undergraduate Program Undergraduate Admissions Curriculum Requirements Graduate Programs Master of Industrial and Labor Relations (MILR) The Executive Master of Human Resource Management (EMHRM) Program MS ILR Doctoral Program Professional Education Professional Workshops, Courses, and Training Certificate Programs Senior Leader Programs Customized Professional Programs Current Students Student Success Diversity and Inclusion Student Support Career Services Consider Graduate Schools ILR Commencement Beyond the Classroom Student Research Research Fellowships International Opportunities Credit and Non-Credit Internships Student Organizations Academic Resources ILR Class Enrollment and Course Information Academic Policies Resources for Graduate Students Faculty & Research Our Faculty Faculty Academic Departments Areas of Expertise Our Research & Publications ILR Review ILR Press Centers & Institutes Conducting Research Student Research Catherwood Library Public Impact Leadership & Professional Training Senior Leader Programs Certificate Programs Professional Workshops, Courses, and Training Research & Insights Centers & Institutes ILR Press DigitalCollections@ILR Student Engagement Research Fellowships Credit and Non-Credit Internships Global Service Learning Alumni Make an Impact Giving to ILR Make a Gift ILRAA Alumni Association Alumni Chapters ILR Alumni Association Board of Directors Affinity Groups Learn More About Alumni Alumni Profiles Groat and Alpern Awards Search Search Close Search Toggle Search Pause video Icon Play video Icon Cornell University Tower Icon Undergraduate Admissions Our flexible, interdisciplinary major lets students pursue a wide range of academic interests and careers. Undergraduate Admissions Mortarboard Icon Graduate Programs Study the workplace comprehensively with the world's highest concentration of workplace faculty. Graduate Programs Handshake Icon Professional Education Invest in your career by learning from instructors who blend world-leading research with business-tested practicality. Professional Education It takes work to make an impact Play video Icon Watch Video Undergraduate Programs Our flexible, interdisciplinary major lets students pursue a wide range of academic interests and careers. Explore Graduate Programs Study the workplace comprehensively with the world's highest concentration of workplace faculty. Explore Professional Education Invest in your career by learning from instructors who blend world-leading research with business-tested practicality. Explore Every ILRie Has a Story JC Tretter ’13 talks in an interview about broken bones, ruffling feathers, a bum knee, almost quitting football, constant eating, the fun of pro football, what’s next (not lawyering, fyi) and Cornell places he loves. Read More Read More ILR School Events See all events Unions, Labor, and Freedom of Expression Tue, Mar 5 Join the ILR Worker Institute on March 5 for a talk on Unions, Labor and Freedom of Expression. Our featured speaker is Randi Weingarten, President, AFT and 2024 ILR Alice B. Grant Labor Leader in Residence. This event is geared towards an in-person audience. If this is not possible, please join us on Zoom. Mar5 Unions, Labor, and Freedom of Expression Joint Labor & Public Economics Workshop: Jorgen Harris Mon, Mar 11 Jorgen Harris, Occidental Diverse Hiring in Homogeneous Hiring Pools Abstract: We study the effect of hearing cases alongside nonwhite judicial colleagues on the probability that a federal judge hires a nonwhite law clerk. Federal judges are assigned to judicial panels at random and have few limitations on their choices of law clerks. Using a unique dataset of federal case records merged with judicial hiring information, we find that white judges are less likely to hire Black, Hispanic, or Asian clerks in years when they are randomly assigned to cases with Black, Hispanic, and Asian judges (respectively) at a higher rate. This finding presents a surprising contrast to prior work in Battaglini, Harris, Patacchini (2023) which found strong positive effects on interaction with female colleagues on hiring of women. We hypothesize that this negative effect results from reductions in judges’ proactive attempts to recruit non-white clerks, due to changes in their perceptions of the diversity of the profession. Mar11 Joint Labor & Public Economics Workshop: Jorgen Harris Thirty Years Out of Genocide: Lessons on Conflict Resolution and Peace Building in Rwanda Wed, Mar 13 Please join us for the 2024 Milton Konvitz Lecture. Freddy Mutanguha, CEO of the Aegis Trust and director of the Kigali Genocide Memorial will deliver this year’s Konvitz Lecture on March 13. “Thirty Years Out of Genocide: Lessons on Conflict Resolution and Peace Building in Rwanda” begins at 4:30 p.m. in 105 Ives Hall. The public is invited to attend in person or live online, please register below. Freddy Mutanguha CEO of the Aegis Trust and director of the Kigali Genocide Memorial Full bio The Konvitz Lecture is made possible through the generosity of Irwin Jacobs (BEE ’56) and Joan Jacobs (BS HE ’54). Mar13 Thirty Years Out of Genocide: Lessons on Conflict Resolution and Peace Building in Rwanda Future of Work Fellowships The ILR Future of Work fellowship program supports postdoctoral researchers and doctoral students who work with our world-leading faculty on innovative and impactful research projects. This fellowship program is designed to promote the benefits of strong collaboration between newer researchers and resident faculty members in studying impactful topics related to the future of work. Fellows and their faculty sponsors alike are enabled to address challenging research questions and break out of any stereotypes or default thinking around the future of work. Learn More Fighting exploitation: Innovative policy on Immigrant Workers’ Rights Jan 15, 2020 Fighting exploitation: Innovative policy on Immigrant Workers’ Rights Agrarian Studies, Climate Change and the Future of work Feb 5, 2021 Agrarian Studies, Climate Change and the Future of work Matched Data from Hires and Managers Examined Feb 8, 2024 Matched Data from Hires and Managers Examined Zooming for the Socially Anxious: Research Offers Insights Jun 8, 2023 Zooming for the Socially Anxious: Research Offers Insights handshake Icon “My time at the ILR School helped me understand both labor and management perspectives, which has proven to be a solid foundation for my career.” – Rob Manfred, Commissioner of Major League Baseball Number of Striking US Workers Rose 141% in 2023 Research Spotlight The number of striking workers in the United States, particularly in private-sector industries, more than doubled from 2022 to 2023, according to a report published Feb. 15 by the ILR School. Read the story Read the story ILRies Change the Future of Work. Learn about ILR's impact Learn about ILR's impact Catherwood Library The Martin P. Catherwood Library is the most comprehensive resource on labor and employment in North America, offering expert research support through reference services, instruction, online guides and access to premier collections. Find out more Find out more ILR in the News See all news Citizens Often Act Against Self-Interest in Granting Police Consent Mar 5, 2024 Cornell Chronicle More than 90% of searches conducted by police in the United States are based on individual consent rather than a warrant or probable cause, but new ILR School research suggests that obtaining true consent is difficult because most people are compliant and struggle to say “no.” Citizens Often Act Against Self-Interest in Granting Police Consent Union Days Kicks Off with Keynote by Randi Weingarten ’80 Mar 1, 2024 Cornell ILR's Union Days begins Tuesday, March 5, with "Unions, Labor, and Freedom of Expression," a presentation given by Randi Weingarten ’80. Union Days Kicks Off with Keynote by Randi Weingarten ’80 DE&I Symposium Examines Workplace Culture Feb 27, 2024 With roughly 75 ILR School graduate and Cornell Law students in attendance, the ILR Center for Applied Research on Work and the Scheinman Institute teamed up to host DE&I Symposium: Equity Through Innovation. DE&I Symposium Examines Workplace Culture 3 Strategies to Keep Your Best Employees Feb 20, 2024 Cornell Chronicle Professor Bradford Bell contends that while attracting top talent remains crucial, retention is the real test of organizational resilience. 3 Strategies to Keep Your Best Employees Campus Life A view of student life at Cornell University's ILR School in Ithaca, NY. @cornellilr Today, students met with AFT President Randi Weingarten and learned from her experiences in the labor movement. Weingarten is teaching a weeklong course “Special Topics in ILR studies” which meets from Monday, March 4–Thursday, March 7. She is also speaking at the 2024 ILR Union Days Kickoff event… ILR ambassadors are here to remind you that transfer applications are due March 15th! #cornellilr #cornelluniversity #irschool ILRies love the season of love! Last week, MILRSO members had a great time writing letters of appreciation to their loved ones! #cornellilr #ilrschool #cornelluniversity Enjoying some blue skies in front of Ives ☀️ #ILRSchool #Cornell Cornell Commitment rewards students who exemplify Cornell’s commitment to academic excellence, service, leadership, learning, discovery, and work! This past weekend, we spotted a few of our Cornell Commitment ILRies at an event dedicated to cheering on the women’s hockey team! #cornellilr … Congrats to the Labor Action Tracker team for its 2023 annual report detailing why and where nearly half a million American workers went on strike last year! Written by Kathryn Ritchie ’24, Johnnie Kallas, Ph.D. ’23, assistant professor at the University of Illinois, and ILR doctoral student Deepa… Footer News Events About ILR ILRie Alumni Magazine Contact Us Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Privacy Policy ILR Brand Directory Centers & Institutes Catherwood Library Conference Centers College Map For faculty and staff Web Accessibility © 2024 Cornell University | ILR School