FDD's Long War Journal Donate Toggle navigation Home About Generation Jihad Post Archives Rocket fire by Hamas, Hezbollah targets Israel on two fronts March 4, 2024 3:45 pm | By Seth Frantzman Hezbollah targeted a community in northern Israel, killing one person and wounding nine others. The IDF intercepted a drone launched from Lebanon, and the IDF retaliated for rocket attacks by Hezbollah. Sirens sounded in Sderot, a city on the Gaza border, one day after Israeli school children returned to school in the border community. Read more → Foreign fighters are operating in Lebanon against Israel March 3, 2024 3:57 pm | By Joe Truzman Evidence has emerged demonstrating that foreign fighters are operating in Lebanon against Israel. Read more → Tagged: Hamas, IDF, Imam Hossein, IRGC, Islamic Jihad, Israel, lebanon Reported Israeli airstrikes kill IRGC Navy advisor in Syria March 1, 2024 11:35 pm | By Joe Truzman & Bill Roggio Israel continues to attack IRGC advisor in Syria on almost a monthly base. Read more → Tagged: Iran, IRGC, Israel, Syria Generation Jihad Ep. 147 — Tehran slowly tightens its noose around the Middle East March 1, 2024 9:07 pm | By Bill Roggio and Behnam Ben Taleblu Bill, Behnam and Joe discuss a few of this week’s biggest headlines including reports of Israel assassinating an IRGC advisor in Syria, escalation by Hezbollah at Israel’s northern border with Lebanon, and the results of Iran’s parliamentary elections. Read more → Airdrops increase in Gaza as new method to deliver aid March 1, 2024 3:15 pm | By Seth Frantzman Israel is coordinating with Jordan, the UAE, France, Egypt and the US to have humanitarian aid airdropped into Gaza. Jordan has carried out numerous airdrops since the war began, with France and the UAE recently joining Jordan and the US and Canada considering additional participation. Israel has used airdrops to supply its troops in Gaza and drop leaflets that warn civilians of areas to avoid. Read more → Israel rotates units as Khan Younis battles continue March 1, 2024 2:35 pm | By Seth Frantzman Israeli forces continue to operate in the southern Gaza city of Khan Younis to dismantle terrorist infrastructure and search for terrorists. The IDF redeployed a paratrooper unit and is rotating new forces into the city. Although fighting has become less intense in the last month, terrorist threats continue with the IDF discovering weapons caches and uncovering other threats daily. Read more → Generation Jihad Ep. 146 — Update from Israel February 28, 2024 8:30 pm | By Bill Roggio Seth Frantzman is back on the show with Bill to provide an update from his perspective on the ground in Israel. Read more → Israel faces less battles with Hamas in Gaza as next phase looms February 28, 2024 7:00 pm | By Seth Frantzman The Israel Defense Forces continue to operate in parts of Gaza. Fighting in recent weeks has become less intense with the IDF searching for Hamas terrorists in neighborhoods such as Khan Younis, Zaytun and central Gaza. With hostage talks ongoing and discussion of an Israeli operation in Rafah looming, the IDF is now operating at some of its lowest intensity in almost five months of war in Gaza. Read more → Hezbollah escalates attacks on Israel February 27, 2024 6:58 pm | By Seth Frantzman Hezbollah fired barrages of rockets at Israel on February 27, targeting a sensitive IDF military site on Mount Meron. One missile did strike the site, and the IDF retaliated. IDF Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Herzi Halevi visited northern Israel and vowed that the IDF would operate against the ongoing threats. Read more → Generation Jihad Ep. 145 — Israel is winning, but it hasn’t won yet. February 26, 2024 5:00 pm | By Joe Truzman & Bill Roggio Bill and Joe discuss the latest updates from Israel’s defensive war in Gaza, including a potentially dwindling supply of ammunition for Hamas and its subsequent cooperation with other Palestinian terror groups; Egypt “fortifying” its border (but only above-ground and only because they want to keep Gazans out); whether Yahya Sinwar is still hiding out in a tunnel somewhere under Khan Younis (“with pneumonia”); the possibility and consequences of a ceasefire during Ramadan; and why Israel is indeed “winning” but will only win if it to continues its ground operation in Gaza, including in Rafah. Read more → Tagged: Gaza, Hamas, hezbollah, IDF, Israel, lebanon Breaking down Hezbollah’s rocket strategy: the Short-Range Threat February 26, 2024 10:54 am | By David Daoud "Hezbollah has spent nearly two decades amassing a massive arsenal of short-range projectiles. Israel's defensive systems are insufficient to contend with this threat, and the mobility of this portion of Hezbollah's arsenal will likewise render Israeli standoff firepower ineffective against it -- leaving Israel with no option but to launch an overwhelming, massive, and immediate ground invasion" Read more → Tagged: hezbollah, IDF, Israel, lebanon Generation Jihad Ep. 144 — Battlefield innovation by Iran and proxy: “Expect more not less” February 23, 2024 7:13 pm | By Bill Roggio and Behnam Ben Taleblu Bill and Behnam discuss reports of Iran sending ballistic missiles to Russia and the potential for subsequent U.S. sanctions on Tehran (and why that’d be insufficient); why the head of the IRGC Quds Force allegedly paid a recent visit to Iraq; an update on the Houthi-Gulf of Aden-Bab al Mandeb-Red Sea theater, including a new underwater drone threat and why if we happen to see the Iranians “de-escalate” in one theater it’s because they’re preparing to escalate in another (and not because they’ve been “deterred”). Read more → Tagged: houthis, Iran, Iraq, IRGC-QF, Shia militias, Yemen Israeli Navy exercise occurs as Israel looks to threats in the north and Red Sea February 23, 2024 6:24 pm | By Seth Frantzman Israel’s navy conducted a drill aimed toward “readiness in the northern arena” as threats from Hezbollah continue. The navy practiced countering drone threats and refueling at sea. Israeli aircraft struck Hezbollah terrorist infrastructure in Lebanon and Israel’s Arrow air defense system intercepted a ballistic missile fired by the Houthis in Yemen on February 22. Read more → Tagged: hezbollah, IDF, Israel, lebanon Israel looks to ‘day after’ in Gaza February 23, 2024 3:52 pm | By Seth Frantzman Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu presented a 'day after' plan to Israel's security cabinet which aims to demilitarize Gaza and enable locals to control civil affairs. Meanwhile inside Gaza, Israeli forces have created a security corridor south of Gaza City. Read more → Hezbollah increases attacks on northern Israel February 21, 2024 5:31 pm | By Seth Frantzman Hezbollah carried out multiple rocket, drone and ATGM attacks on Israel between February 19 and 21. New reports revealed Hezbollah concerns about Hamas operations in Gaza as well as insights into Hezbollah’s decision to not launch a larger war in early October. Read more → Tagged: Gaza, Hamas, hezbollah, IDF, Israel, lebanon More Posts IDF shifts forces as rocket threat is reduced in Gaza Jihadi History: Al-Qaeda’s failed mobilization efforts in Central African Republic Part III – Hezbollah’s narrative on Al-Aqsa Flood: Tailored to appeal to specific Western sensibilities Generation Jihad Ep. 143 — Biden’s Crippling Fear of Escalation, Part 387 Israel again contends with Hamas’ use of human shields in hospitals Does Hezbollah’s Silence Link the Attack on Safed to Israel’s Strike on Nabatiyeh? Rocket fire from Lebanon strikes IDF base Israeli forces renew efforts to solidify defeat of Hamas Part II – Hezbollah’s narrative on Al-Aqsa Flood: Tailored to appeal to specific Western sensibilities Israel rescues two hostages in Gaza raid Generation Jihad Ep. 142 — With Israel’s friends like these… Generation Jihad Ep. 141 — PSA: “Iran + Iran ≠ anything other than Iran” Hezbollah rocket barrages target northern Israel Rafah in Israel’s sights as next Gaza moves loom Israel attempts to assassinate two high-ranking Hezbollah commanders in south Lebanon Ukraine’s Hold on Avdiivka Slipping Hezbollah’s narrative on Al-Aqsa Flood: Tailored to appeal to specific Western sensibilities Iranian-backed Bahraini militias eulogize killed Hezbollah Brigades commander U.S. strike eliminates key Kata’ib Hezbollah commander Israel ‘peeling off layers’ of Hamas in Gaza Israel’s war cabinet charts next steps in Gaza Generation Jihad Ep. 140 — New UN report on al Qaeda and Islamic State: here’s what to know Hezbollah rocket fire continues as US, French diplomats arrive in region U.S. strikes target IRGC and affiliated militias in Iraq and Syria Generation Jihad Ep. 139 — A little less conversation, a little more targeting (please) VIEW ALL Search Tweets by LongWarJournal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Post Archives Site Map Copyright @ 2007 - 2024, Public Multimedia Inc . All Rights Reserved