U.S. Government Publishing Office Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Who We Are Our Agency Mission, Vision, and Values Awards and Certifications Leadership Organizational Chart History Team Locations Congressional Relations Publication Distribution Update Form Official Federal Register Subscription Form Inspector General News and Media News and Press Releases Media Kit GPO Style Manual Videos Coronavirus Resources January 6th Select Committee Report PII Incident Careers Open Positions How to Apply Benefits GPO Employee Resources Work With Us Agencies Congressionally Mandated Reports New Customers Contact Your Team Services for Agencies GPO Publish - Place and Manage Orders Online Forms and Standards Billing and Payment G-Invoicing Circular Letters Events and Training Updates and NoticesFederal Publishing Council Vendors How to Register Programs for Vendors Forms and Standards How to Get Paid Contract Opportunities Term Contract Pricing One Time Bid Pricing Updates and Notices Explore and Research Search, Review, and Access Catalog of U.S. Government Publications GovInfo U.S. Government Bookstore Free Government Publications – Pueblo Electronic Code of Federal Regulations Government Book Talk Blog Artificial Intelligence (AI) Use Case Inventory Students, Parents, and Educators Locate a Federal Depository Library Ben's Guide to the U.S. Government Order Federal Publications in Print Civics Renewal Network Visit Our Partners congress.gov federalregister.gov loc.gov archives.gov ofr.gov house.gov senate.gov uscourts.gov Congressionally Mandated Reports Contact Us Search gpo.gov govinfo Congressionally Mandated Reports Read More GPO Strategic Plan FY2023-2027 Read More GPO Director Talks Expanding Workforce Watch Video GPO Expands Apprenticeship Program to Build Workforce Read More GPO Named America's Best Employer 3 Years in a Row. Read More Our Customers Explain the Advantages of Partnering with GPO Read More Previous Next Latest News A Sweet Memory: Four Decades Later, GPO Reconnects with French Baker Who Made the Agency's 125th Anniversary Cake 02/28/24 Jean-Claude Goubet says he could feel his cheeks turn red as a cheering crowd of GPO teammates eagerly awaited the Agency’s 125th red brick building anniversary cake. GPO Secures Spot on Forbes' America's Best Employer List for Third Year in a Row 02/26/24 The U.S. Government Publishing Office (GPO) has been named one of the best employers in America by Forbes for the third year in a row. GPO ranked in the top 15 amongst mid-sized agencies in Government Services. GPO joined the National Archives and Records Administration and Federal Communications Commission in the category for best Government agencies. GovInfo Earns New Certification for Digital Trustworthiness 02/05/24 The U.S. Government Publishing Office’s (GPO) GovInfo, the one-stop site for authentic, published information for all three branches of the Federal Government, has earned a CoreTrustSeal certification for the first time. This certification provides data producers assurance that their materials are stored in a reliable manner and to the public that digital materials are authentic and trustworthy. GPO Director Testifies on Improving Agency Workflow and Productivity with Artificial Intelligence 01/25/24 The U.S. Government Publishing Office’s (GPO) Director Hugh Nathanial Halpern on January 24, 2024 testified before the United States Senate Committee on Rules and Administration about the use of artificial intelligence (AI) at the Agency. Granddaughter of Retired GPO Employee Discovers Treasure Trove of GPO Memorabilia 01/11/24 GPO recently spoke with Beth Simon, Social Science Research Analyst at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and granddaughter of George R. Simon, who spent four decades working at GPO. GPO's GovInfo Hits Record One Billion Retrievals in 2023 01/10/24 The U.S. Government Publishing Office’s (GPO) GovInfo, the one-stop site for authentic, published information for all three branches of the Federal Government, hit a record number of retrievals in 2023 — 1.15 billion. This is a 32% increase from the number of retrievals in 2022 and a 215% increase from the number of retrievals in 2018. The most retrieved collection of 2023 was the Federal Register, with more than 80 million retrievals. View More News Events and Training Advanced Web Accessibility with WAI-ARIA, WCAG 2.0, and Section 508 Compliance Dates: March 6 – 7 Location: Online Cost: $775 Advanced Adobe Photoshop Dates: March 6 – 7 Location: Online Cost: $775 View All Events Facebook Feed Free Government Information Resources GovInfo View more Ben’s Guide to the U.S. Government View more Catalog of U.S. Government Publications View more Government Book Talk View more U.S. Government Bookstore View more Locate a Federal Depository Library View more Facebook Twitter Instagram You Tube Pinterest Linkedin U.S. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE Accessibility | Privacy | COOP | Inspector General