Conservation news - Environmental science and conservation news EnglishEspañol (Spanish)Français (French)Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)Brasil (Portuguese)Indiaहिंदी (Hindi) RainforestsOceansAnimalsEnvironmentBusinessSolutionsFor KidsDONATEImpactMore Culture and conservation thrive as Great Lakes tribes bring back native wild rice Planetary boundary pioneer Johan Rockström awarded 2024 Tyler Prize Climate change brings a river’s wrath down on western Uganda Rewilding Ireland: ‘Undoing the damage’ from a history of deforestation Environmental headlines Reader-supported news and inspiration from nature's frontline. Mongabay is a non-profit. ‘Corals dying’ as yet more bleaching hits heat-stressed Great Barrier Reef by Elizabeth Claire Alberts 5 March 2024 The southern section of the Great Barrier Reef is undergoing extensive coral bleaching, according to researchers who recently surveyed the region. The discovery has raised fears that this fragile coral… Sumatra community faces up to ‘plasma’ disappointment after palm oil policy shift by Suryadi 4 March 2024 PEKANBARU, Indonesia — Almost two years after a joint Mongabay investigation revealed systemic failure by Indonesia’s plantation industry to share gains with community farmers, countless small farmers have yet to… Scientists and doctors raise global alarm over hormone-disrupting chemicals by Alden Wicker 4 March 2024 A new report strongly links endocrine disruptors to diseases, from the devastating, like infertility, to the deadly, like cancer and heart disease. The report calls for global treaties to restrict and ban their production and use. Culture and conservation thrive as Great Lakes tribes bring back native wild rice by Spoorthy Raman 4 March 2024 In the late summer of 2023, thick stands of wild rice stood tall and shimmered gold in some of Lac du Flambeau’s lakes. The plant has been virtually absent in… To save topsoil & reduce pollution, Bangladesh moves toward alternative bricks by Abu Siddique 4 March 2024 With rising demand for infrastructure development in Bangladesh, both private and public, the demand for bricks has increased over the decades. To meet the demand, production has also risen. The… Male dominance isn’t the default in primate societies, new study shows by Tina Deines 4 March 2024 It’s a man’s world when it comes to ape societies — at least, that’s been the prevailing assumption for years. But some recent research is shaking up how we think… Indonesians uprooted by mining industry call for a fairer future amid presidential vote by Petrus Riski, Taufik Wijaya 4 March 2024 SIDOARJO, Indonesia — On the eve of Indonesia’s presidential election on Feb. 14, a group of people from across the country gathered at an impromptu art exhibition by the side… A feathered cape bridges past and present for Brazil’s Indigenous Tupinambá by Matheus Lopes Quirino 4 March 2024 A central figure in many Indigenous systems is that of the Enchanted Ones, ancestral entities thought to connect the earthly world and the spiritual world. Some of these contacts are… Major meatpacker JBS misled the public about sustainability efforts, NY lawsuit claims by Maxwell Radwin 1 March 2024 A new lawsuit in New York claims that one of the world’s largest beef producers has been misleading the public about its efforts to curb deforestation and greenhouse gas emissions.… PNG communities resist seabed mining: Interview with activist Jonathan Mesulam by John Cannon 1 March 2024 KONO, Papua New Guinea — News of apparent renewed interest in deep-sea mining came as a shock to Jonathan Mesulam in late 2022. Looking out over the Bismarck Sea that… Night light, habitat loss & pesticides threaten Brazil’s bioluminescent insects by Bernardo Araujo 1 March 2024 “Be honest with me: Now you want to study fireflies too, right?” said Luiz Felipe Silveira, a professor at Western Carolina University and one of the world’s leading experts in… As lightning strike fatalities increase, Bangladesh still has no reliable preventive measures by Abu Siddique 1 March 2024 Over several decades, Bangladesh has seen an increase in the frequency of lightnings and, consequently, an increase in fatalities resulting from lightning strikes. Researchers have linked the increased frequency of… Authorities struggle to protect Bolivian national park from drug-fueled deforestation by Iván Paredes Tamayo, Nelfi Fernández Reyes 1 March 2024 In 2020, a Mongabay reporting team visited Bolivia’s Amboró National Park and Integrated Management Natural Area and found that portions of its protected forest had been cleared and replaced by… In the Amazon, what happens to undesignated public lands? by Timothy J. Killeen 29 February 2024 Undesignated public land One of the objectives of the ZEE process was to assist the nations of the Pan Amazon to allocate their public lands among different constituencies and stakeholder… Major meatpackers are unlawfully deforesting Brazil’s Cerrado, report says by Maxwell Radwin 29 February 2024 The cattle ranching industry in Brazil is deforesting one of the country’s largest ecosystems without proper authorization, often with the financial backing of major international banks. Some of the country’s… Agroecological solutions better than pesticides in fighting fall armyworm, experts say by Ruth Kamnitzer 29 February 2024 In 2016, an infestation of fall armyworms hit a vast swath of Africa, alarming farmers and governments. Eight years on, experts say that crop losses from the agricultural pest are… New precedent as Afro-Brazilian quilombo community wins historic land claim by Aimee Gabay 29 February 2024 After winning a historic lawsuit late last year, a traditional Afro-Brazilian community has finally obtained legal recognition of its land located in São Paulo’s Alto Ribeira Tourist State Park, a… Conservation success leaves Nepal at a loss for dealing with ‘problem tigers’ by Abhaya Raj Joshi 29 February 2024 KATHMANDU — Nepal’s government remains undecided on how to manage tigers captured after attacking or killing humans, even as different stakeholders make varied suggestions on dealing with the urgent issue… Study points to which Amazon regions could reach tipping point & dry up by Fernanda Wenzel 29 February 2024 Scientists warn that 10% of the Amazon has a high risk of being converted into a drier and degraded ecosystem by 2050, while 47% has a moderate transitional risk. Should all marine reserves ban fishing? Not necessarily, new study shows by Elizabeth Claire Alberts 29 February 2024 Marine protected areas intended to safeguard biodiversity in the ocean come in many different sizes and shapes. Some cover large swaths of the ocean, while others are smaller in scale.… Planetary boundary pioneer Johan Rockström awarded 2024 Tyler Prize by Glenn Scherer 29 February 2024 The 2024 Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement has gone to Johan Rockström who led the team of international researchers who originated the planetary boundary framework in 2009. Climate change brings a river’s wrath down on western Uganda by Ashoka Mukpo 29 February 2024 This is the first of a two-part series on climate-related disasters in western Uganda. Part Two will be published next week. KASESE, Uganda — In March 2020, right as the… Nile Basin farmers grow food forests to restore wetlands and bring back a turtle by David Njagi 28 February 2024 WESTERN PROVINCE, Kenya — In the 44 years Naomi Rita Sitati has lived in Bukirimo village in western Kenya, she has known only one system of farming, which her community… Ecuador, Colombia and the Guiana Shield join the planning of sustainable land use by Timothy J. Killeen 28 February 2024 Ecuador The territorial planning framework in Ecuador is known as the Plan de Desarrollo y Ordenamiento Territorial (PDOT). It is one component in an ambitious effort to articulate a Plan… New giant anaconda species found on Waorani Indigenous land in Ecuador by Liz Kimbrough 28 February 2024 A new species of giant anaconda has been found in the Amazon Rainforest in Ecuador, scientists announced. The snake, named the northern green anaconda (Eunectes akayima), is genetically distinct from… Nepal’s human-wildlife conflict relief system hits roadblock with new guidelines by Abhaya Raj Joshi 28 February 2024 KATHMANDU — New rules that were supposed to make it easier for Nepalis affected by human-wildlife conflict to receive relief and compensation have created a bottleneck in the process instead.… Seabird poop is recipe for coral recovery amid climate-driven bleaching by Anna Dulisse 28 February 2024 On an island chain in the middle of the Indian Ocean lies an invaluable treasure: “white gold.” While it may not be a gem to proposition a prospective fiancée with,… Gharial conservation plan leaves Nepal fishing communities searching for new jobs by Sonam Lama Hyolmo 28 February 2024 KATHMANDU — Fifty-six year-old Kaluram Bote has awaited the end of February, which marks a crucial time for gharial breeding in Chitwan, between Nepal’s Terai and hilly regions. Rowing his… Rewilding Ireland: ‘Undoing the damage’ from a history of deforestation by Mike DiGirolamo, Rachel Donald 27 February 2024 Rewilding advocate Eoghan Daltun was unsatisfied with life in Dublin, so he sold his property and bought a farm on the Beara Peninsula of southwestern Ireland. His plan was simple:… We’re losing species faster than we can find them, study shows by Liz Kimbrough 27 February 2024 “We did it!” Doka Nason shouted as he stared at the screen of a camera trap in Papua New Guinea. He and his team had just captured a long-sought image:… 1 2 3 … 813 Next » We're a nonprofit Donate Recent Posts ‘Corals dying’ as yet more bleaching hits heat-stressed Great Barrier Reef Sumatra community faces up to ‘plasma’ disappointment after palm oil policy shift Scientists and doctors raise global alarm over hormone-disrupting chemicals Culture and conservation thrive as Great Lakes tribes bring back native wild rice To save topsoil & reduce pollution, Bangladesh moves toward alternative bricks Recent videos View targeted feeds By topic By location Agriculture Animals Birds Climate Change Conservation Deforestation Energy Featured Forests Happy-upbeat Environmental Herps Indigenous Peoples Interviews Mammals New Species Oceans Palm Oil Rainforests Technology Wildlife Many more topics Africa Amazon Asia Australia Borneo Brazil Cameroon Central America China Colombia Congo India Indonesia Latin America Madagascar Malaysia New Guinea Peru Sumatra United States Browse more locations Social channels Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Mastodon RSS / XML Android mobile app Apple News Email updates Podcast Our biweekly podcast delivering news & inspiration from nature’s frontline. Quick updates Daily topic-based news alerts Republish You may republish Mongabay content in your publication at no cost. Special series Forest Trackers Authorities struggle to protect Bolivian national park from drug-fueled deforestation Poverty and plantations: Nigerian reserve struggles against the odds Logging, road construction continue to fuel forest loss in Papua New Guinea Guatemala braces for unprecedented year of deforestation in Maya reserve More articles Oceans ‘Corals dying’ as yet more bleaching hits heat-stressed Great Barrier Reef PNG communities resist seabed mining: Interview with activist Jonathan Mesulam Should all marine reserves ban fishing? Not necessarily, new study shows Norwegian salmon farms gobble up fish that could feed millions in Africa: Report More articles Amazon Conservation Study points to which Amazon regions could reach tipping point & dry up Meet the think tank behind the agribusiness’ legislative wins in Brazil Climate change made 2023 Amazon drought 30 times more likely, scientists say Lula’s ambitious green agenda runs up against Congress’s agribusiness might More articles Land rights and extractives Indonesians uprooted by mining industry call for a fairer future amid presidential vote Indonesian nickel project harms environment and human rights, report says Activists urge Australia to end lucrative links to Myanmar junta’s mines Landslide in Philippines mining town kills nearly 100, prompts calls for action More articles Endangered Environmentalists Vietnamese environmentalist sentenced to 3 years in prison for tax evasion Son of slain Quilombola leader will still strive for community’s rights Video: Five Tembé Indigenous activists shot in Amazonian ‘palm oil war’ Indigenous activists demand justice after 5 shot in Amazonian ‘palm oil war’ More articles Indonesia's Forest Guardians In Borneo, the ‘Power of Mama’ fight Indonesia’s wildfires with all-woman crew Pioneer agroforester Ermi, 73, rolls back the years in Indonesia’s Gorontalo After 20 years and thousands of trees planted, Kalimantan’s veteran forester persists Aziil Anwar, Indonesian coral-based mangrove grower, dies at 64 More articles Conservation Effectiveness The conservation sector must communicate better (commentary) Thailand tries nature-based water management to adapt to climate change Forest restoration to boost biomass doesn’t have to sacrifice tree diversity How scientists and a community are bringing a Bornean river corridor back to life More articles Southeast Asian infrastructure Study: Indonesia’s new capital city threatens stable proboscis monkey population Indonesia’s new capital ‘won’t sacrifice the environment’: Q&A with Nusantara’s Myrna Asnawati Safitri Small farmers in limbo as Cambodia wavers on Tonle Sap conservation rules To build its ‘green’ capital city, Indonesia runs a road through a biodiverse forest More articles About Mongabay Mongabay is a U.S.-based non-profit conservation and environmental science news platform. Our EIN or tax ID is 45-3714703. InformationMongabay.org Tropical Forest Network Wild Madagascar Selva Tropicales Mongabay Indonesia Mongabay India SocialFacebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube InformationAbout Mongabay Submissions Advertising Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright & Terms of Use © 2024 Copyright Conservation news you're currently offline