Scania corporate website | Scania Group You seem to be located in . Go to your Scania market site for more information. Stay on the group site Change region Group Select Close Sales region Production unit More Shortcuts My Scania Scania lifestyle webshop Welcome to Scania Our purpose is to drive the shift towards a sustainable transport system, creating a world of mobility that is better for business, society and the environment. Annual and sustainability report 2023 2023 was an eventful year for Scania. During the year we continued to deliver customer value and made good progress getting our vehicle order to delivery flows back on track. Annual review 2023 We drive real change With some 58,000 employees in more than 100 countries, Scania is a truly global player. At Scania you’ll be part of a company with over 130-year track record of innovation, as we continue on our ambitious journey to drive the shift towards sustainable transport. Join the Scania team Ready for some new energy? The new, all-electric trucks are here, ready to bring new energy to your company. They have a range of up to 400 km, and come with smart digital services, charging solutions, and a wide network of workshops – ready with quality advice, service, and parts. New energy for your company News Annual and sustainability report 2023 Scania continued performing strongly during the year, increasing both sales and earnings significantly. Our Annual and Sustainability report is published today, detailing its financial, social and environmental performance in 2023. Empowering innovative minds with breakthrough ideas Scania Innovation Factory opens creative pathways for Scania employees to develop entrepreneurial competencies. Electric Scania truck in action at LKAB mine in northern Sweden This heavy tipper is the reason why long-term LKAB employee Stig Hoffner still hasn’t retired. It’s just too much fun driving an electric vehicle every day! Scania gas trucks for Italian CST Logistica Trasporti In 1984, Roberto Scarpa began his journey in the world of transport. Since then he has continued that path, counting 350 trucks to date. Go to our newsroom Scania´s new biogas engines Our updated 13-litre biomethane engines now offer more powerful engine options, and by coupling them with components from our Super-based powertrain, they are 5% more fuel efficient compared to our former generation. Explore our gas trucks Scania’s new electric bus solutions Electrification is about more than the vehicles – it is everything from grid connections to charging units and management and financing the complete solution. Scania’s e-mobility solutions are designed according to specific needs, ensuring the right specifications, seamless integration and efficient performance. Discover our electric bus solutions Transport solutions By combining smart transport solutions, technological innovation and partnerships, we’re working to make sustainable transport a reality. Discover Scania’s transport solutions Our commitments Our Science based targets commits us to reduce emissions at the scale and pace science dictates necessary to limit global warming. Scania’s sustainability commitments Road safety Scania provides a wide range of safety solutions to protect drivers, passengers and fellow road users against the dangers of the road. Find out more about our safety solutions Visit Scania in your country Visit your market website for more detailed information and get in contact with your local sales person. Go to your local market site About Scania Scania in brief Innovation Corporate governance Visit your local website Sustainability Sustainability at Scania Sustainable transport Sustainable business Initiative and commitments Progress and documentation Career Available positions Life at Scania Students and graduates Career opportunities Investors Financial reports Bondholders Newsroom News Press releases Image and videos Vehicle support Rescue and towing Radio manuals Radio type approval information Legal notice Privacy statement Cookies Contact us Whistleblowing Rescue and Towing © Copyright Scania 2024 All rights reserved. Scania CV AB (publ), SE-151 87 Södertälje, Sweden. Tel: +46-8-55 38 10 00 This content is unavailable if you don't enable our cookies. Please enable cookies to be able to see this content. Cookie policy link Cookie settings Cookie information We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking “I Accept” , you are agreeing to give your consent to all cookies being used and the information being shared. You can also manage your cookies by clicking the “Cookie settings” and selecting the categories you’d like to accept. For a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which you can find by clicking the link below this text. Accept Reject All Cookie settings Cookie settings Necessary Cookies Always On Necessary cookies are needed for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually a consequence of you requesting services such as; setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personal data. Performance Cookies Off On Performance cookies allow us to count visits and traffic, which is an important source of improvement of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. All the information that these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies your visit to our site will not be counted in our statistics and will not contribute to performance monitoring and improvement of the website. Functional Cookies Off On Functional cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers (see our Cookie Policy for further information ) whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Third-party providers may process your information, including personal data, when these cookies are activated. Targeting Cookies Off On Targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners (see our Cookie Policy for further information). They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser type and the type of internet device you use. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Off On Social media cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks (see our Cookie Policy for further information). They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie policy link Cancel Save Preferences