Ad Serving Platform - Publisher & Advertiser | AdButler Solutions Display Ad Server Save time and increase revenue with The Ad Server. Self-Serve Market Place Take the pain out of direct sales with a fully-automated ordering system. Retail & E-commerce New revenue streams through sponsored products. Supply-Side Programmatic All you need for programmatic ads. Native Ad Server Makes it easy to add user-friendly native ads into your sites and apps. Video Ad Server Open Video Ad Serving Platform. Take full control of your video ad serving. Email Ad Server Extend Your Existing Web Program with Flexible Email Campaigns and Newsletters. Mobile Ad Server Powerful SDKs for InApp Ad Serving. For both iOS & Android. Digital Out Of Home Ad Server Reach your out of home audience with targeted, impression based ad-serving. API Ad Server Powerful APIs that can build a full customized Ad Server in weeks not years. Contextual Management Platform Scale revenue in the age of internet privacy. Ad Network Ad network with guaranteed revenue lift. Startups Get the industry-leading ad server early. Custom Development Fulfill your unique goals with our skilled AdTech developers. A complete platform to bring all your advertising needs under one roof. Request Demo Only takes a few minutes. Get In Touch Our ad experts are ready. Solutions by Business Retail Direct Online Booking or Comparison Site Resources Blog Events Podcast Success Stories Ad Gallery WordPress Plugin Help & Support Newsletter Brand Resources Community Community Site Discord Slack Developers Documentations API Documentation Self-Serve API Documentation SDKs iOS SDK Android SDK Guides Company Get in Touch Ask a Question Request Demo Account Issue Partner Program Careers Carbon Neutrality Agreements & Policies All Agreements & Policies Cookie Opt-Out Website Cookie Details Pricing Log In Start Free Trial View Demos Menu Solutions Display Ad Server Save time and increase revenue with The Ad Server. Self-Serve Market Place Take the pain out of direct sales with a fully-automated ordering system. Retail & E-commerce New revenue streams through sponsored products. Supply-Side Programmatic All you need for programmatic ads. Native Ad Server Makes it easy to add user-friendly native ads into your sites and apps. Video Ad Server Open Video Ad Serving Platform. Take full control of your video ad serving. Email Ad Server Extend Your Existing Web Program with Flexible Email Campaigns and Newsletters. Mobile Ad Server Powerful SDKs for InApp Ad Serving. For both iOS & Android. Digital Out Of Home Ad Server Reach your out of home audience with targeted, impression based ad-serving. API Ad Server Powerful APIs that can build a full customized Ad Server in weeks not years. Contextual Management Platform Scale revenue in the age of internet privacy. Ad Network Ad network with guaranteed revenue lift. Startups Get the industry-leading ad server early. Custom Development Fulfill your unique goals with our skilled AdTech developers. A complete platform to bring all your advertising needs under one roof. Request Demo Only takes a few minutes. Get In Touch Our ad experts are ready. Resources Blog Events Podcast Success Stories Ad Gallery WordPress Plugin Help & Support Newsletter Brand Resources Community Community Site Discord Slack Developers Documentations API Documentation Self-Serve API Documentation SDKs iOS SDK Android SDK Guides Company Get in Touch Ask a Question Request Demo Account Issue Partner Program Careers Carbon Neutrality Agreements & Policies All Agreements & Policies Cookie Opt-Out Website Cookie Details Pricing Log In Start Free Trial View Demos Menu Solutions Display Ad Server Self-Serve Marketplace Retail & E-commerce Supply-Side Programmatic Native Ad Server Video Ad Server Email Ad Server Mobile Ad Server Digital Out-of-Home Ad Server API Ad Server Contextual Management Platform Ad Network Startups Custom Development Resources Blog Events Podcast Success Stories Success Stories Ad Gallery WordPress Plugin Help & Support Newsletter Brand Resources Community Community Site Discord Slack Developers API Documentation Self-Serve API Documentation iOS SDK Android SDK API Guides Company Get in Touch Partner Program Careers Carbon Neutrality All Agreements & Policies Cookie Opt-Out Cookie Details Pricing Log In Start Your Free Trial Flexible, scalable and reliable Ad Serving Platform to Monetize Your Digital Properties Discover how AdButler's innovative ad-serving solutions can help maximize your advertising potential. Explore All Solutions Request Demo or Build Your Own More than 10,000 ad ops teams use adbutler Our certifications and partners Featured Solutions Display Ad Server A powerful ad server for any website. Ideal for online retailers, blogs, newspapers, community sites, online forums and more. Retail & E-commerce Unlock new revenue opportunities in Retail & E-commerce through sponsored products. Self-Serve Market Place Streamline your sales process with a fully-automated Self-Serve Portal API Ad Server Leverage our powerful APIs to build a fully customized Ad Server in a fraction of the usual time Native Ad Server Serve ads that match the look, feel and function of the media format in which they appear. Video Ad Server Serve ads that match the look, feel and function of the media format in which they appear. Custom Development Bring your advertising goals to life with our skilled AdTech developers. We're here to provide custom solutions tailored to your needs Explore All Solutions Guaranteed Uptime and Scalability Hosted on a global cloud built for scale, speed and reliability 25 Years and Counting Stable and flexible ad-serving products with decades of experience and innovation First Class Support Stay ahead of the curve with our dedicated specialists and account managers 24*7 Carbon Neutral Respect for the environment is one of our core business values. Learn More Solution Spotlight Retail Media Solution Learn about our Self-Serve Retail Media Platform and create new revenue streams Learn More Using AdButler dashboard, we can now see an average click-through rate of around 3% on our various sites. And for our private store (logged in accounts), this number is sometimes as high as 13%. Fairoza Hisham E-commerce APJ Store Success Lead, HP Read Customer Story With AdButler, we have fast and impactful ads aligned with our brand on our site. Better ad optimization capability means more business for our partners. Brendan Gallagher Digital Development & Operations Manager, Tourism Ireland Read Customer Story My first exposure to the AdButler product was sitting down with one of our campaign traffickers. I watched him schedule ads, and it became obvious that it was quite a simple workflow. I watched him click around and insert everything and realized he was quite comfortable with the tool. Andrew Snook Director of Digital, Pattison Media Read Customer Story Being able to pull reports including filters that are extremely helpful our advertisers like based on total impressions, viewable impressions, and so on. They can now see how their ads perform compared to the others they've been running. Advertisers can also have user access to pull the stats on their own - all this been really helpful. Christina Womack Director of Partner Operations, Association Revenue Partners Read Customer Story We played around a bit with Google’s services, but it didn’t work for us. We didn’t have control over our ads and felt restricted. So we decided to build our own platform. In the start, we had requests from ten advertisers, and suddenly, we had tons of requests coming in. Orla Harris COO & Co-Founder of SideQuestVR Read Customer Story We played around a bit with Google’s services, but it didn’t work for us. We didn’t have control over our ads and felt restricted. So we decided to build our own platform. In the start, we had requests from ten advertisers, and suddenly, we had tons of requests coming in. Julie Gu VP of Hagerty Read Customer Story AdButler took 10 days to migrate from our old partner. After that, it took us 30-40 days to be completely hands-on with their dashboard. From the AdButler team, Rob and Marcus really put an effort to help us during these days. Shobhit Purwar Sr. Digital Marketer, The Indian Express Read Customer Story 49 Reviews Capterra.com 4.5 out of 5 stars Read Reviews 51 reviews G2.com 4.6 out of 5 stars Read Reviews More Questions?We have answers. Get in touch with one of our ad experts to understand us better. Explore Solutions Get in Touch Get Started with AdButler & Maximize Your Ad Revenue No credit card required 14 day free trial Cancel anytime Start Your Free Trial Start Your Free Trial Request Demo Request Demo Solutions Display Ad Server Self-Serve Marketplace Retail & E-commerce Supply-Side Programmatic Native Ad Server Video Ad Server Email Ad Server Mobile Ad Server API Ad Server Digital Out-of-Home Ad Server Contextual Management Platform Ad Network Startups Custom Development Solutions by Business Retail Direct Online Booking or Comparison Site Resources Blog Events Podcast Success Stories Ad Gallery WordPress Plugin Help & Support Newsletter Newsletter Brand Resources Community Community Site Discord Slack Developers API Documentation Self-Serve API Documentation iOS SDK Android SDK API Guides Company Get in Touch Partner Program Careers Carbon Neutrality All Agreements & Policies Cookie Opt-Out Website Cookie Details Pricing AdButler is a product of SparkLIT. We make tools that make your business easier. Copyright © 2022 SparkLIT. All rights reserved. Our Website Does Not Play Well With Ad Blockers The nature of our business causes adblockers to block parts of our page even when we don't show you any ads. This can make the experience of browsing our website significantly worse. Could you please disable your ad blocker? I Disabled My Ad Blocker Our website does not play well with adblockers Why? The nature of our business causes adblockers to block parts of our page even when we don't show you any ads. This can make the experience of browsing our website significantly worse. Could you please disable your ad blocker? I Understand Our website uses cookies Why? AdButler uses cookies to support the core functionality of our website and application. We do not track you, allow 3rd parties to track you, or share your information. For more information please view our privacy policy. Strictly Necessary I Agree Analytics I Agree Marketing I Agree See Cookie Details Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.