EDUCAUSE Library | EDUCAUSE Library Skip Navigation EDUCAUSE Menu Jobs .EDU Domain EDUCAUSE Review Become a Member Login Cybersecurity Showcase Featured Showcase Cybersecurity as a Core Competency Upcoming Showcase Hiring Resilience Past Showcases Foward: Your 2023 Planning Guide Privacy and Cybersecurity 101 Moving from Data Insight to Data Action Online, In-Person, or Hybrid? Yes SaaS, ERP, and CRM: An Alphabet Soup of Opportunity Smooth Sailing for the Student Experience Plan Your Work and Work Your Plan: 2024 See all Showcases > What are EDUCAUSE Showcases? The showcase series spotlights the most urgent issues in higher education. For each topic, we’ve gathered the tools and resources you need into one place, to help you guide your campus forward. Topics Focus Areas Analytics Artificial Intelligence CIOs and Senior Technology Leaders Cybersecurity Digital Transformation Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Federal Policy Presidents and Senior Executives Student Success Teaching and Learning Library Topics Administrative and Business Services Cybersecurity Infrastructure and Research Technologies IT Professional Services Leadership and Management Libraries and Technology Policy and Law Teaching and Learning Explore more in our library > The Dx Journey | A Roadmap Advance your institution’s progress on the road to digital transformation. Privacy Policy Terms of Use .EDU Domain Contact Us Insights Research QuickPolls Horizon Report Top 10 Students and Technology Faculty and Technology IT Workforce Explore all research > Publications EDUCAUSE Review 7 Things You Should Know About Benchmarking and Assessment Analytics Services Learning Space Rating System Vendor Assessment Toolkit (HECVAT) IT Service Catalog IT Risk Register Core Data Service (CDS) Benchmark your IT resources and services through the Analytics Services Portal. CourseGateway Find high-quality, DEI-approved courseware to increase learning outcomes. Privacy Policy Terms of Use .EDU Domain Contact Us Conferences & Learning Upcoming Events View all upcoming events > Signature Spring Conferences Cybersecurity and Privacy Professionals Conference NERCOMP Annual Conference Career Advancement Guides Professional Pathways Learn and Advance Hub Annual Conference EDUCAUSE Annual Conference EDUCAUSE Institute Leadership & Management Programs More Learning Experiences Demo Days Learning Labs Webinars New Horizons Courses Prosci Change Management Corporate Professional Learning Earn a Microcredential Showcase your expertise with peers and employers. Find or Become a Mentor Get just-in-time help and share your expertise, values, skills, and perspectives. Apply for a Scholarship Financial assistance is available to help with your professional development. Privacy Policy Terms of Use .EDU Domain Contact Us Community Get Connected Community Groups Member QuickTalks Member Directory Mentoring Volunteer Ambassador Program Committees Working Groups Explore all volunteer opportunities > Career Center Find or Post a Job Awards EDUCAUSE Awards My EDUCAUSE Profile Create or Update Your Profile Privacy Policy Terms of Use .EDU Domain Contact Us Who We Are About Us What Is EDUCAUSE? Leadership and Staff Board of Directors Mission and Organization Strategic Partnerships Contact us > Careers at EDUCAUSE Explore Job Openings Membership Discover Membership Renew Membership Member Orientation Member Directory Corporate Engagement Corporate Membership Sponsorships and Advertising Corporate Engagement Program Privacy Policy Terms of Use .EDU Domain Contact Us Search Submit search query Privacy Policy Terms of Use .EDU Home Contact Us Search within the world's largest collection of information about higher ed technology. Search the Educause Library } Topics The EDUCAUSE Taxonomy, an expert-created listing of over 200 terms, helps you more easily explore topics and find specific documents in the association’s extensive collection of online information resources. About the Library The EDUCAUSE Library is the preeminent clearing house for information about timely topics and research supporting the use and management of technology in higher education. It aggregates over 22,000 resources. Explore our trending topics Artificial Intelligence (AI) Artificial Intelligence or AI refers to the simulation human intelligence in machines or computers that are programmed to undertake tasks usually thought to require human cognitive processes and decision-making capabilities. AI has been in use in higher education for some time, but generative AI has emerged as a technology that is creating increased concern across the campus. Hybrid Learning "Hybrid Learning," also referred to as "Blended Learning", combines traditional face-to-face classrooom instruction with online learning. EDUCAUSE has a wide range of resources on this expansive topic in various formats. Security Risk Management Security Risk Management is the ongoing process of identifying these security risks and implementing plans to address them. Risk is determined by considering the likelihood that known threats will exploit vulnerabilities and the impact they have on valuable assets. EDUCAUSE Connect with EDUCAUSE Subscribe to our emails and hear about the latest trends and new resources. Log in or create a profile Topics Analytics Artificial Intelligence CIOs and Senior Technology Leaders Cybersecurity Digital Transformation Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Federal Policy Presidents and Senior Executives Student Success Teaching and Learning Explore All Library Topics Insights Research Core Data Service EDUCAUSE Review Conferences & Learning Annual Conference Cybersecurity and Privacy Professionals Conference EDUCAUSE Institute Professional Pathways Face-to-Face Online Explore All Upcoming Events Community Community Groups Member Directory Mentoring Member QuickTalks Volunteering EDUCAUSE Awards Find or Post a Job Who We Are Discover Membership Mission and Organization Leadership and Staff Member Orientation Corporate Participation Work at EDUCAUSE Contact Us Copyright © 2024 EDUCAUSE Privacy Notice Terms of Use .EDU Home Web Accessibility Assistance