Livestrong Livestrong Help Starts Here Not sure where to start? GUIDE ME Get Answers Search Our Resources Join the Family We're Here for You Talk to Someone Call 855-220-7777 Contact Us Our Programs The Patient's Voice Our personal approach to research allows us to develop programs that can best serve the physical, emotional and financial needs of patients and their loved ones. See Our Research Direct Services Help Starts Here Livestrong Fertility Livestrong Guidebook Living After Cancer Treatment Brochure Prescription Discount Card Community Programs Livestrong at the YMCA Livestrong at School System Change Livestrong Cancer Institutes Mission Investments Research Library Policy Platform Icon Series Get Involved Shop Livestrong Show your support by shopping Livestrong merchandise. Your purchase helps us provide life-changing services for people affected by cancer. Shop Now Donate Donate Give Monthly Join a Society Other Ways to Give Participate Register for an Event Donate to a Participant Create a Fundraiser Become an Advocate Inspire Livestrong Volunteers Share Your Story Corporate Partnerships Our Mission Our Strength Our leaders are determined and experienced. The fight against cancer is personal for many of them, and they’ll never stop working on behalf of survivors everywhere. Our Leaders Our Team Our Leaders Board of Directors Our Donors Corporate Partners Our Mission Our Mission Our History Memorials & Tributes News & Press Releases Livestrong Blog Financials Our Work Employment Internships Contact Us Shop Merchandise Legacy Library Enter a search query Search×Search Event Login Donate You are here:HomeWe Can Help Together in the fight since 1997 But the fight’s not over. Join us as we stand with the 35+ million people affected by cancer today, tomorrow, and always. Give Help Get Help Because you deserve more than just hope for a better tomorrow. You deserve a better today. × Close Watch the Video Livestrong Mission Investments We are dedicated to improving the lives of cancer survivors by identifying and supporting creative ideas, organizations, and partners to help every survivor Livestrong.In 2024, we will be investing in partnerships around exercise oncology, AYA survivorship, and nutrition. Learn About Mission Investments Livestrong Voices Living with cancer can feel lonely, but you are not alone. Read through and be inspired by stories from survivors, caregivers, and loved ones on our blog. More Stories Get Involved Livestrong gives cancer survivors more than just hope for a better future; your support fuels solutions for a better today. Donate Now Register for an Event Stay informed. Stay in touch. Sign up to receive Solutions Grant updates, survivor stories, and more. Thanks Eighty-two cents of every dollar we raise goes directly to helping people and families fighting cancer now. 2550100Other Donate Now Join Our Mailing List About Us Our MissionOur TeamOur ResearchOur Programs Quick Links Cancer SupportShopEventsEmploymentPress ReleasesBlog Contact 623 W. 38th St. Ste 300 Austin, TX 78705 For cancer support call 855.220.7777 To make a donation call 1-844-GIVE 2 LS For general inquiries call 877.236.8820 © 2015-2024 Livestrong, a registered trademark of the Livestrong Foundation.The Livestrong Foundation is a 501(c)(3) under federal tax guidelines.Privacy PolicyLegalFinancial Information