Vi (Vodafone Idea) - Vi Max Postpaid | Prepaid | Vi Games & More open in Vi app Sign in Sign in Dashboard My Account Prepaid Mobile Recharge Prepaid Plans Unlimited Plans Recommended packs Talktime Plans Data Plans Disney+ Hotstar Offer Prepaid SIM SMS packs Postpaid Pay Bill Online Postpaid SIM REDX Best Postpaid Plans Postpaid Family Plans eSIM Activation Disney+ Hotstar Offer Vi MiFi New Connection Postpaid Connection Fancy Number Port Number to Vi Prepaid to Postpaid Family Plans Prepaid Connection Free SIM Delivery Track Your SIM Delivery Self KYC International Roaming Smart Phone Offers Explore Vi Hungama Music Vi Hero Unlimited Vi Movies & TV Callertune GIGAnet Postpaid Packs Vi Services Vi WiFi Calling Cashback Offer Vi Games Amazon Prime Offer Vi Jobs & Education Smartphone on EMI Blog Gift a recharge Sony LIV offers Sun NXT offers Vi Shop Help FAQ Contact Us Track Requests Store Locator Get the app Business Investors Sign In Sundaram 9671241241 postpaid Dashboard My Account Logout Logout home services services postpaid prepaid mi-fi contact us download app rechargeand pay bill new to Vi? get Vi SIM delivered free buy prepaid sim buy postpaid sim port to Vi buy fancy number explore our services Plan Upgrade REDX Explore Hero Unlimited Buy Vi Mifi Prepaid to Postpaid Help & Support there’s always more with Vi Plan Upgrade REDX Explore Hero Unlimited Buy Vi Mifi Prepaid to Postpaid Help & Support best postpaid plans view all plans Individual plans Family plans view all plans best prepaid packs view all packs more details ₹299 Truly Unlimited Calls 1.5GB/Day 100 SMS/Day 28 Days buy nowbuy more details Binge All Night Surf, stream, share all you want from 12 midnight to 6am without pack deduction, at no extra cost! Weekend Data Rollover Weekend data rollover Vi movies & TV Vi Movies & TV App - 5000+ movies & shows with 200+ TV channels like Aaj Tak, ABP, Discovery & more at your fingertips. Data Delights Up to 2GB of backup Data every month, at no extra cost. Dial 121249 or claim via ViApp more details ₹479 Truly Unlimited Calls 1.5GB/Day 100 SMS/Day 56 Days buy nowbuy more details Binge All Night Surf, stream, share all you want from 12 midnight to 6am without pack deduction, at no extra cost! Weekend Data Rollover Weekend data rollover Vi movies & TV Vi Movies & TV App - 5000+ movies & shows with 200+ TV channels like Aaj Tak, ABP, Discovery & more at your fingertips. Data Delights Up to 2GB of backup Data every month, at no extra cost. Dial 121249 or claim via ViApp more details ₹719 Truly Unlimited Calls 1.5GB/Day 100 SMS/Day 84 Days buy nowbuy more details Binge All Night Surf, stream, share all you want from 12 midnight to 6am without pack deduction, at no extra cost! Weekend Data Rollover Weekend data rollover Vi Movies & TV Vi Movies & TV App - 5000+ movies & shows with 200+ TV channels like Aaj Tak, ABP, Discovery & more at your fingertips. Data Delights Up to 2GB of backup Data every month, at no extra cost. Dial 121249 or claim via ViApp view all packs High-speed Data upto 150Mbps connect upto 10 devices 6 hours of battery life 1 year warranty buy now let Vic help you Vic, your personal Vi assistant is here to help you chat with Vic on WhatsApp Vi App Website FAQS Here are frequently asked questions. Might help you as well. View FAQS join the conversation Keep in touch with us on our social channels. experience all new Vi App Download the App for exclusive offers,manage your account and much more, on-the-go. Scan QR code to download the Vi app Vodafone Idea Limited Vodafone Idea Limited is an Aditya Birla Group and Vodafone Group partnership. The Company provides pan India Voice and Data services across 2G, 3G and 4G platform. about Vi About Us Vodafone Idea Corp Vodafone Idea Foundation Vodafone Group Aditya Birla Group Investor Relations News & Media Career Vi App Vi Stores Near Me Vi Business Home Broadband GIGAnet Vi VoLTE Go Green Vi MiFi eSIM WiFi Calling 5G Blog more from Vi Postpaid Connection Prepaid Connection Port Number to Vi / MNP Free SIM Delivery Track your SIM Delivery Fancy Number Individual Plans Family Plans REDX Prepaid to Postpaid Portable WiFi Best Postpaid Plans Best Prepaid Plans Hero Unlimited Plans Unlimited Plans Talktime Plans Data Plans SMS Packs Caller Tunes Packs Value Added Services Service Validity Plans Disney+ Hotstar Plans Amazon Prime Offer Sony LIV offers Online Recharge Postpaid Bill Payment Sun NXT offers Vi Shop - Seller Portal explore on Vi app Vi Hungama Music Vi Games Vi Movies & TV Vi Jobs & Education Vi Services Vi Hero Unlimited Vi WiFi Calling International Roaming Callertunes Order Prepaid SIM Order Postpaid SIM Order VIP Number Port to Vi Order Portable WiFi Router Recharge for Self/Others Gift a recharge Pay Bill for Self/Others Cashback Offers Rewards Store Vi Tuesdays Help & Support My Account Vi Shop regulatory & quick access Telemarketing Registration Privacy Policy Terms of Service Notices Prepaid TRAI mandate Postpaid TRAI mandate Warning & Fraudulent Security Awareness DND Complaints DND Registration Disaster Management Responsible Disclosure Policy Register for Online Refund Network Troubleshooting Short Code & USSD Info Block SIM Online UPI Recharge Postpaid ISD Call Rates Prepaid ISD Call Rates Mobile Internet Sitemap This website uses own third-party cookies.Find out more about usage in our Privacy Policy page. Copyright Reserved with Vodafone Idea Limited (formerly Idea Cellular Limited). Vodafone Idea Limited (Formerly Idea Cellular Limited), An Aditya Birla Group & Vodafone partnership, Suman Towers, Plot No.18, Sector 11, Gandhinagar – 382011, Gujarat.CIN L32100GJ1996PLC030976, T: +91-79 6671 4000, F: +91-79 2323 2251 Our Other Important Offerings: Recharge Offers: Vi brings you the best mobile rechargeoffers with unlimited calling and daily data for seamless connectivity. Avail exclusive online recharge offers via the Vi App or website and enjoy a world full of benefits such as Short/Long-Term Validity, Unlimited Night Data, Data Rollover, Data Delight, access to multiple OTTs, and much more with Vi online recharge offers. Recharge via the Vi App to avail App exclusive offers Check the Recharge offers on the Cashback Offerspage Head to the Prepaid Plans page and click on pack details for offers such as extra data, free OTT subscriptions, etc. Browse through Vi App Homepage to find out about festive recharge offers, and Spin the Wheel Bill Payment Offers Pay bills online and avail postpaid bill payment offers with Cred Pay, Amazon Pay, Paytm, MobiKwik, LazyPay, etc. Vi postpaid bill offers include assured cashbacks and other discounts on eligible transactions. Cashback would be credited to respective UPI wallets or via scratch cards. Enrol for autopay to automatically pay postpaid bills online. Caller Tunes Download Vi Caller tunes are a unique way to keep callers engaged with entertaining songs/music/movie dialogues or customized tunes. Browse through trending songs or the latest viral hits and set your favorite songs as callertunes.Go to the music store for a vast repository of songs/dialogues across genres and select a caller tune of your preference. Games Play games onlineacross categories such as action games, board games, fantasy, matches, tournaments, trending free games, etc. on the Vi App. Participate in online games and win exciting rewards or vouchers. Check out Game of the Day on the Vi App and play free online games for fun. Play VIP tournaments with a daily pass and win big! Movies and TV Watch free movies online via Vi Movies & TVon the Vi App. Select from latest online movies, shows, trending TV channels, News, Short films, Kids Shows, and more. Vi Movies & TV is also a one stop free live TV app with access to 350+ Live TV channels. Enjoy curated content in different languages from across partner OTT platforms such as Hungama, Pocket Films, Shemaroo, etc. via the Vi. Music on Vi App With an active Gold subscription, listen songs online via Hungama Music on the Vi App. With an extensive collection of playlists from Latest Hits, Weekly Charts, Devotional songs to K-pop specials, there is something for every mood. Play music online, listen to entertaining/educational podcasts, and watch music videos with Vi Hungama Music on the Vi App. 5G Get ready to experience the potential of the Vi 5G network in India with 5G live at select places in Pune and Delhi. Seamless connectivity with Vi 5G ready SIM. Jobs Vi Jobsis the fastest way to search jobs online, apply and quickly get an interview slot, to land your dream job. Search for part-time jobs, work-from-home jobs, and other job vacancies in a preferred location with Job Hai & Apna Jobs on the Vi App. Move ahead of the queue and increase the chances of finding jobs online. Education Learn spoken Englishwith English-speaking courses via Enguru on the Vi App. Check all topic categories and improve your English with English Online Classes. Prepare for state and central government jobs with free mock tests and online test series via Pariksha on the Vi App. Select an exam category and learn with easy-to-understand online recorded videos. great choice Enter your Vi prepaid number enter recharge amount (₹) pack details Enter mobile number Valid. recharge pack details Pack MRP Calls Data SMS Validity additional benefits Tnc: https://www.myvi.in/prepaid-tnc recharge now recharge and pay bill We are providing you this sweet experience by using cookies okay, thanks get Vi app These benefits can be claimed after your plan is active These benefits can be claimed after your plan is active entertainment primary member gets additional family members get wohoo! get 10 GB extra data to share within your family members These benefits can be claimed after your plan is active These benefits can be claimed after your plan is active improve your experience You’re using a web browser (Internet Explorer) that dosent support some features we have to offer. Google Chrome Microsoft edge Safari