Learn a language online with authentic videos - FluentU March sale: LIFETIME discount of 40% OFF regular price! Log In Sign up Schools Get 14 Days Free Site language: English 日本語 한국어 Español Português 中文 Italiano Русский Schools Site language: English 日本語 한국어 Español Português 中文 Italiano Русский Log In Sign up Learn a language online with authentic videos Learn a language online with authentic videos Get 14 Days Free Spanish English French Chinese German Japanese Russian Italian Korean Portuguese As seen on How to learn a language with TV show clips, movie scenes, and music videos on FluentU Enjoy a curated library for all learners, beginner to advanced Learning with authentic video content has its challenges. For example, the content can be too difficult, or use obscure words. We've searched far and wide for authentic videos that are fun but useful for language learners. I really really like the fact that the videos are real authentic videos. It makes it much more interesting. Learning Chinese almost becomes an afterthought to the fact that you are watching cool videos. Niel, Confused Laowai Watch with interactive subtitles and translations Our interactive captions will bring real-world videos within reach for you. All captions are subtitled and translated. Click on any word to see an in-context definition, along with example sentences. While many videos come with subtitles, there was never an easy way to look up vocabulary words, or pause the video and make sure you really understood what was being said... that is until now. FluentU understands our pain, and picks up the pieces where all those other sites fall short. Jacob Gill, iLearnMandarin While many videos come with subtitles, there was never an easy way to look up vocabulary words, or pause the video and make sure you really understood what was being said... that is until now. FluentU understands our pain, and picks up the pieces where all those other sites fall short. Jacob Gill, iLearnMandarin Course with video quiz and lessons Get guidance with a beginner-friendly course. Learn with a personalized quiz that uses video. Practice, review, and master vocabulary with spaced repetition. The quiz sections are the most successful I've seen to integrate spaced learning of vocab, and not be bored out of your mind. The power of seeing an actor speak, hearing their pronunciation, and linking it to the Chinese character re-enforces learning. It is challenging and makes you think about how the Chinese language works. Keith Robinson Full immersion with mobile apps Enjoy FluentU wherever you are, whenever you want. Audio dialogues are even downloadable for offline listening. Real FluentU reviews Justin Jensen I've been studying French for many years and I have been starting to study Spanish in the last year. Since I started using Fluentu, my language comprehension is developing so quickly that I finally... I've been studying French for many years and I have been starting to study Spanish in the last year. Since I started using Fluentu, my language comprehension is developing so quickly that I finally feel like fluency is within reach. The website makes studying enjoyable and it makes progress tangible. I enjoy watching the videos and my kids usually hover around when they hear the Disney songs. I know that they are starting to absorb it as well when I hear them using Spanish or French words in their playtime. Continue reading I've been studying French for many years and I have been starting to study Spanish in the last year. Since I started using Fluentu, my language comprehension is developing so quickly that I finally feel like fluency is within reach. The website makes studying enjoyable and it makes progress tangible. I enjoy watching the videos and... I've been studying French for many years and I have been starting to study Spanish in the last year. Since I started using Fluentu, my language comprehension is developing so quickly that I finally feel like fluency is within reach. The website makes studying enjoyable and it makes progress tangible. I enjoy watching the videos and my kids usually hover around when they hear the Disney songs. I know that they are starting to absorb it as well when I hear them using Spanish or French words in their playtime. Continue reading Justin Jensen Vanessa Atances I am loving FluentU. At first I was a little hesitant about the price, though I understood why the price was higher, since this was all done by a person. I figured I would try the free trial. After... I am loving FluentU. At first I was a little hesitant about the price, though I understood why the price was higher, since this was all done by a person. I figured I would try the free trial. After two days it became my favorite learning tool, and I have a lot of French apps and books. It's amazing to hear the pronunciation and see what I recognize first, then see what the words look like and see it used in context. It also is extraordinary for helping learn sentence structure, which is exactly what I was looking for. And it never takes more than like 20 minutes a day to do a quick review and learn a new video! I am so excited and grateful to have found this! Continue reading I am loving FluentU. At first I was a little hesitant about the price, though I understood why the price was higher, since this was all done by a person. I figured I would try the free trial. After two days it became my favorite learning tool, and I have a lot of French apps and books. It's amazing to hear the pronunciation and see... I am loving FluentU. At first I was a little hesitant about the price, though I understood why the price was higher, since this was all done by a person. I figured I would try the free trial. After two days it became my favorite learning tool, and I have a lot of French apps and books. It's amazing to hear the pronunciation and see what I recognize first, then see what the words look like and see it used in context. It also is extraordinary for helping learn sentence structure, which is exactly what I was looking for. And it never takes more than like 20 minutes a day to do a quick review and learn a new video! I am so excited and grateful to have found this! Continue reading Vanessa Atances Megan Holloran In only 4 months, I've gotten to a comfortable A2 level in German thanks in large part to my practice on FluentU! I'm actually entertained by studying when I use it; it doesn't feel like work! In only 4 months, I've gotten to a comfortable A2 level in German thanks in large part to my practice on FluentU! I'm actually entertained by studying when I use it; it doesn't feel like work! Megan Holloran Frederick Calestini I really like learning with the videos. I have studied using other methods and it was very hard to put what you were learning into context. With the videos, not only are you learning new vocabulary,... I really like learning with the videos. I have studied using other methods and it was very hard to put what you were learning into context. With the videos, not only are you learning new vocabulary, you are seeing how it is used. For example the tone which is used, the body language of the person using the phrase and the reaction to the phrase being said. The videos are also very catchy. I find myself singing some of the music videos sometimes helping me reinforce what I learned during the lesson. Continue reading I really like learning with the videos. I have studied using other methods and it was very hard to put what you were learning into context. With the videos, not only are you learning new vocabulary, you are seeing how it is used. For example the tone which is used, the body language of the person using the phrase and the reaction to... I really like learning with the videos. I have studied using other methods and it was very hard to put what you were learning into context. With the videos, not only are you learning new vocabulary, you are seeing how it is used. For example the tone which is used, the body language of the person using the phrase and the reaction to the phrase being said. The videos are also very catchy. I find myself singing some of the music videos sometimes helping me reinforce what I learned during the lesson. Continue reading Frederick Calestini Joycelynn Hoagland I love the videos that allow us to use our listening skills. The real life conversations force us to listen and try to understand the language coming at us. So very different, from knowing what to... I love the videos that allow us to use our listening skills. The real life conversations force us to listen and try to understand the language coming at us. So very different, from knowing what to say then trying desperately to understand the reply! Also we are able to tap the word in the dialogue and it shows the meaning along with other uses. Actually this concept is fantastic you have such a "thought out" thorough system to help us learn this beautiful language. Fluentu has been a necessity in my studies at school. Please, keep up the good work. Hard to improve! Continue reading I love the videos that allow us to use our listening skills. The real life conversations force us to listen and try to understand the language coming at us. So very different, from knowing what to say then trying desperately to understand the reply! Also we are able to tap the word in the dialogue and it shows the meaning along with... I love the videos that allow us to use our listening skills. The real life conversations force us to listen and try to understand the language coming at us. So very different, from knowing what to say then trying desperately to understand the reply! Also we are able to tap the word in the dialogue and it shows the meaning along with other uses. Actually this concept is fantastic you have such a "thought out" thorough system to help us learn this beautiful language. Fluentu has been a necessity in my studies at school. Please, keep up the good work. Hard to improve! Continue reading Joycelynn Hoagland Get 14 Days Free Social Profiles Facebook Twitter General Video Dictionary About Us Press Schools Pricing Academic Pricing FluentU As A Gift Signup for students iPhone / iPad Android Work With Us Help Languages Learn Spanish Learn English Learn French Learn Chinese Learn German Learn Japanese Learn Russian Learn Italian Learn Korean Learn Portuguese Aprende Inglés 英語を学習 영어 공부 Learner Blogs Language Learner Spanish Learner English Learner French Learner Chinese Learner German Learner Japanese Learner Russian Learner Italian Learner Korean Learner Portuguese Learner Arabic Learner Business English TOEFL TOEIC IELTS Blog de inglés 英語ブログ Блог по английскому языку 영어 블로그 Blog sobre Inglês İngilizce blog Educator Blogs Language Educator Spanish Educator English Educator French Educator Chinese Educator German Educator Japanese Educator General Video Dictionary About Us Press Schools Pricing Academic Pricing FluentU As A Gift Signup for students iPhone / iPad Android Work With Us Help Learner Blogs Language Learner Spanish Learner English Learner French Learner Chinese Learner German Learner Japanese Learner Russian Learner Italian Learner Korean Learner Portuguese Learner Arabic Learner Business English TOEFL TOEIC IELTS Blog de inglés 英語ブログ Блог по английскому языку 영어 블로그 Blog sobre Inglês İngilizce blog Languages Learn Spanish Learn English Learn French Learn Chinese Learn German Learn Japanese Learn Russian Learn Italian Learn Korean Learn Portuguese Aprende Inglés 英語を学習 영어 공부 Educator Blogs Language Educator Spanish Educator English Educator French Educator Chinese Educator German Educator Japanese Educator Social Profiles Facebook Twitter © 2024 Enux Education Limited. All rights reserved. Terms of use Privacy Policy Website Survey