Welcome | acm sigcomm acm sigcomm About Awards Changes Join News OpenToC Events Publications Information for: Authors Educators Conference Attendees Conference Organizers Tweets by @ACMSIGCOMM User login Username: * Password: * Request new password Welcome ACM Statement In the United States, and throughout many regions around the world, current events have brought attention to the urgent need for equality and respect for all individuals. ACM reaffirms its commitment to fostering diversity and inclusion within the global computer science community. As an international organization of nearly 100,000 professionals, ACM respects the essential worth of all people and firmly believes that diversity strengthens the scientific enterprise and society as a whole. ACM’s Code of Professional Ethics embodies these principles, and our Diversity and Inclusion Council works to translate them into effective action. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other harmful behaviors are not tolerated. As an organization, we stand with those who promote inclusivity. SIGCOMM is ACM's professional forum for discussing communications and computer networks. SIGCOMM members include scientists, engineers, educators and students. They study all aspects of computer communications and networks: analysis, technical design, engineering, measurement and management. Our members are particularly interested in the systems engineering and architectural questions surrounding computer communication. Special Statement on Freedom of Mobility SIGCOMM supports a wide variety of activities in the field: Professional meetings The annual SIGCOMM Conference, our flagship conference SIG-sponsored or co-sponsored conferences and workshops: CoNEXT, IMC, Hotnets, Sensys, ICN, ANCS, SOSR and ANRW Conferences and workshops in cooperation with SIGCOMM The SIGCOMM Artifacts Evaluation Committee Publications Computer Communication Review, our newsletter IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking Recognition and support for computer networking professionals Awards: the SIGCOMM Award, the Test of Time Award, the Rising Star Award, the Best Paper and Best Student Paper Awards, the Doctoral Dissertation Award, and the SIGCOMM Networking Systems Award. Travel Grants A list of all our grants Here are links to more information about SIGCOMM: Membership Annual reports Blog Officers If you are a computer networking professional, please consider joining ACM SIGCOMM: Join online here. All SIGCOMM News Recent News November 2023 SIGCOMM Newsletter November 12, 2023 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Contents --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- SIGCOMM'24 Call for Papers APNet'24 Call for Papers (co-located with SIGCOMM'24) CoNEXT'24 Call for Papers IMC'24 Call for Program Committee Members Call for Participation :: ACM CoNEXT 2023 Conference (Dec. 5-8, 2023 - Paris, France) HotNets'23 Program Released Networking Channel Upcoming Events Statement on Change Call for Nominations: SIGCOMM Doctoral Dissertation Award ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 1. SIGCOMM'24 Call for Papers The SIGCOMM 2024 conference will be held the week of August 4th in Sydney, Australia. The conference seeks paper submissions describing significant research contributions or significant deployment experience in communication networks and networked systems. Submissions will be accepted in two tracks, research and experience. The submission deadline is Feb 2, 2024. New this year: Based on the community feedback at SIGCOMM 2023 and the online discussion on change, the SIGCOMM 2024 organizers will explore and implement changes to both the paper reviewing and conference experience; e.g., Including releasing anonymized and sanitized reviews for accepted papers, as well as submitted versions of the accepted papers Exploring new " non-paper sessions" of various types for enhancing community interactions such as emerging/unaddressed research topics, and student mentoring. To submit papers, use this link: https://sigcomm24.hotcrp.com/. Looking forward to your submissions and participation! Please check the website for more details. 2. APNet'24 Call for Papers The 8th Asia-Pacific Workshop on Networking (APNet'24 https://conferences.sigcomm.org/events/apnet2024/index.php) will take place on August 3-4, 2024, in Sydney, Australia, co-located with SIGCOMM'24. APNet aims to bring together the very best researchers in computer networking and systems across the Asia-Pacific region and around the globe to a live forum discussing innovative ideas at their early stages. The mission of APNet is that promising but not-yet-mature ideas can receive timely feedback from the community and experienced researchers, leading them into publications at major conferences such as SIGCOMM, NSDI, SOSP, OSDI, MobiCom, and CoNEXT. APNet'24 seeks submissions of short papers (up to 6 pages, excluding references) on a wide range of networking research topics. The abstract registration deadline is March 8 (Friday), Anywhere on Earth, 2024. The paper submission deadline is March 15 (Friday), Anywhere on Earth, 2024. To submit papers, use this link: https://apnet24.hotcrp.com.Details are shown in https://conferences.sigcomm.org/events/apnet2024/ 3. CoNEXT'24 Call for Papers The Proceedings of the ACM on Networking (PAMCNET) journal is seeking papers containing significant and novel research results on emerging computer networks and its applications. All accepted long papers will also be presented in the ACM CoNEXT 2024 conference (https://conferences.sigcomm.org/co-next/2024/#!/home), which will be held in Los Angeles, California, USA in December 2024. This is a new model that strives to combine the benefits of both conference and journal based publication. We especially encourage submissions that present novel experimentation, creative use of networking technologies, and new insights made possible using analysis. There are two submission opportunities over the course of the year. The November submission deadline is December 4th, 2023 (the registration deadline is November 27th, 2023). A link to the call for papers is here: https://conferences.sigcomm.org/co-next/2024/#!/cfp 4. IMC'24 Call for Program Committee Members In an effort to broaden the community and have a larger program committee, the 2024 edition of the Internet Measurement Conference is soliciting applications to be on the TPC. If you are interested, please fill out this form by November 30th: https://forms.gle/7u35ezEzZczwy8sAA. Also, please share it with others who might be interested. Junior members of the community or newcomers to the IMC community are very welcome. We hope to see you in Madrid around this time next year! 5. CoNEXT'23 Call for Participation The CoNEXT 2023 Conference will be held in Paris, France this December 5-8, 2023. Come join us! In addition to an exciting array of papers and posters, there will be multiple workshops (including the traditional Student Workshop), multiple keynotes, a social dinner, a museum visit at the Musee des Arts et Metiers, and more! New this year: the conference plans to react to community feedback on "change" in multiple ways, including an activity related to artifacts (we are excited to announce 80% of papers announced they will release their artifacts!). To join us, please register at: https://conferences.sigcomm.org/co-next/2023/. 6. HotNets'23 Program Released The HotNets 2023 Workshop will be held in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA this November 28-29, 2023. The venue will bring together researchers in computer networks and systems to engage in a lively debate on the theory and practice of networking. HotNets provides a venue for discussing innovative ideas and for debating future research agendas in networking. A list of accepted papers has been put online: https://conferences.sigcomm.org/hotnets/2023/program.html. PDF links will be added soon. 7. Networking Channel Upcoming Events The NetworkingChannel is a regular online event on topics of interest to the networking community, ranging from research, to descriptions/discussions of commercial networked systems, to global societal considerations, to education and careers in networking. The entire networking community is welcome! Our Fall 2023 schedule is posted here: https://networkingchannel.eu/networking-events/ All events are free of charge. Please join us! We actively solicit suggestions for event topics as well as volunteers who might be willing to organize a future event of interest to the community. Please contribute your ideas here https://networkingchannel.eu/contact/! 8. Statement on Change The SIGCOMM community is leading an open and decentralized effort to collect and encourage adoption of proposals for change to our conferences. We are collecting ideas, will apply vetting, create a menu of suggestions, and encourage those responsible for organizing conferences to pick up and experiment with some of those ideas. The SIGCOMM EC has created a web site to keep track of some of these ideas. It is accessible here: https://www.sigcomm.org/change. The EC has also held discussions with upcoming conferences to understand their plans for adopting proposed ideas. While more work needs to be done, and practical challenges are becoming more clear, the EC is encouraged by and impressed with the tenacity and eagerness of all conference organizers in considering and undertaking adoption of community ideas. The EC appreciates the patience and efforts of the community to support volunteer conference organizers in making these changes, which often require far more work than is immediately apparent. We appreciate the willingness of the SIGCOMM community to consider experimenting with change and we believe exciting things are in store in the coming years. 9. Call for Nominations: SIGCOMM Doctoral Dissertation Award We are delighted to announce the call for nominations for the SIGCOMM Doctoral Dissertation Award. Established in 2011, this award is designed to recognize and honor outstanding doctoral thesis research in the field of computer networking and data communication. The award will be presented to one winner and up to two runners-up at the annual ACM SIGCOMM conference. The winner will receive a plaque, a $1,500 honorarium, and a complimentary registration to the following year’s ACM SIGCOMM Conference. The runners-up will each receive a plaque. Each nominated dissertation must be on a topic related to computer networking and data communication, and must have been successfully defended at the nominee’s host institution during the 12 months before the submission deadline. Submissions must be received by the current SIGCOMM Awards Chair by December 18. Please see the nomination guidelines for more information. We look forward to your nominations! November 2021 SIGCOMM Newsletter December 6, 2021 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Contents SIGCOMM 2022 CFP Call for Participation :: ACM CoNEXT 2021 Conference (Dec. 7-10, 2021 - Virtual) Rising star award: Laurent Vanbever (ETH Zurich) Updates in the SIGCOMM Industrial Liaison Board SIGCOMM is hiring! Looking for a student to contribute to our Website --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- SIGCOMM 2022 CFP SIGCOMM is coming to Amsterdam in 2022! Check the CFP: https://conferences.sigcomm.org/sigcomm/2022/cfp.html Look forward to your submissions and participation! Call for Participation :: ACM CoNEXT 2021 Conference (Dec. 7-10, 2021 - Virtual) Registration is open. There's a very interesting technical program and multiple workshops (including the student workshop). More info here: https://conferences2.sigcomm.org/co-next/2021/#!/home Registrations here: https://conferences2.sigcomm.org/co-next/2021/#!/registration But see also Registration Grants for those in need: https://conferences2.sigcomm.org/co-next/2021/#!/grants Looking forward to virtually seeing you! Rising star award: Laurent Vanbever (ETH Zurich) The rising star award committee -- Alex Snoeren (UCSD, chair), Paul Barford (WISC), Brad Karp (UCL), and Renata Teixeira (Inria) -- announced this year's recipient of the ACM SIGCOMM Rising Star Award: Laurent Vanbever of ETH Zurich. The award is in recognition of outstanding research contributions, early in his career, toward improving the flexibility, correctness, and security of Internet routing. Hearty congratulations to Laurent on this well-deserved recognition! Laurent will be a keynote speaker in the upcoming CoNEXT 2021 conference (check out the full program: https://conferences2.sigcomm.org/co-next/2021/#!/program). Each year, ACM SIGCOMM presents a "Rising Star" Award, recognizing a young researcher - an individual within 10 years of receiving their highest university degree - who has made outstanding research contributions to the field of communication networks during this early part of her or his career. Depth, impact, and novelty of the researcher's contributions are key criteria upon which the Rising Star award committee evaluates the nominees. Also of particular interest are strong research contributions made independently from the nominee's PhD advisor. The SIGCOMM Rising Star award was initiated by the CoNEXT steering committee in 2006, then adopted by SIGCOMM in 2008. More information about the award and the list of past recipients can be found here: https://www.sigcomm.org/awards/sigcomm-rising-stars Updates in the SIGCOMM Industrial Liaison Board The SIGCOMM Industrial Liaison Board (ILB) has been updated: Chair: Dave Oran (Network systems Research & Design / MIT) Lars Eggert (NetApp) Te-Yuan Huang (Netflix) Jeff Mogul (Google) Jennifer Rexford (Princeton University) Jitu Padhye (Microsoft) The goal of the SIGCOMM Industrial Liaison Board is to come up with ideas and suggestions to increase industry participation at SIG-sponsored conferences. A better industry-academic collaboration should help improve the practice of networking, because academics have lots of ideas that are likely to be of value to industry; improve academic research, because industry has lots of interesting problems that would benefit academic research; and create opportunity for students. Learn more about the ILB https://www.sigcomm.org/content/sigcomm-industrial-advisory-board SIGCOMM is hiring! The Information Services area of SIGCOMM is working on a fresh roadmap for SIGCOMM IT. Our current top priorities include improving the current Web site (both from a content as well as an back-end infrastructure perspective) and enhancing our overall communication channels. To this end, we are looking for one student (regularly enrolled in an education institution around the world) motivated in contributing to the SIGCOMM community and with adequate skills in Web technologies and platforms (e.g. HTML, Drupal). Estimated weekly time efforts (e.g., 8 to 16 hours/week) as well as the salary (i.e. from 15 to 25 USD/hour) will be negotiated with the candidate after the interview process of candidates. Candidates should send their interest statements (motivation letter + CV) regarding the position (initially for 6 months) to christian@sigcomm.org until Dec-31, 2021. October 2021 SIGCOMM Newsletter November 9, 2021 Contents Call for Participation :: ACM SIGCOMM HotNets'21 (November 10-12) Networking Channel :: Upcoming Panels Updates in SIGCOMM EC and CARES committees SIGCOMM is hiring! Looking for a motivated and Web-skilled student! Call for Participation :: ACM SIGCOMM HotNets'21 (November 10-12) ACM SIGCOMM HotNets'21 registration is open now, featuring an exciting programme: https://conferences.sigcomm.org/hotnets/2021/program.html Student registration is free, $5 for ACM members and $15 for non-members. Registration info: https://conferences.sigcomm.org/hotnets/2021/register.html Networking Channel :: Upcoming Panels The Networking Channel has several exciting upcoming talks, including an overview of technologies behind Netflix (Nov 10), a panel on research challenges in quantum networking (Nov 24), and a discussion of the human and social aspects of computer networking (Dec 8). For more details and to register (for free), please visit: https://networkingchannel.eu/networking-events-page-1/ To view previous events, including “Networking Education During and After the Pandemic” held on Oct-13, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAtFAG5JdQrHac6ArIWJ-hw/videos Updates in SIGCOMM EC and CARE committees The SIGCOMM Executive Committee (EC) has been updated: Chair: Ellen Zegura (Georgia Institute of Technology) Vice Chair: Matthew Caesar (University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign) Treasurer: Jia Wang (AT&T Labs – Research) Education Director: Fernando Kuipers (Delft University of Technology) Diversity and Inclusion Director: Ahmed Elmokashfi (Simula Research Laboratory) Awards Chair: Aditya Akella (UT Austin and Google, Inc) Information Services Director: Christian Esteve Rothenberg (University of Campinas) CCR Editor: Steve Uhlig (Queen Mary University of London) Conference Coordinator: Christophe Diot (Google) Ex-officio: Roch Guerin (Washington University in St. Louis) Likewise, the Committee to Aid REporting on discrimination and haraSsment policy violations (CARES) has been renovated: Co-Chair: Jennifer Rexford (Princeton University), jrex@cs.princeton.edu Co-Chair: Marinho Barcellos (University of Waikato), marinho.barcellos@waikato.ac.nz Justine Sherry (Carnegie Mellon University), sherry@cs.cmu.edu Sujata Banerjee (VMWare), sujatab@vmware.com Ethan Katz-Bassett (Columbia University), ethan@ee.columbia.edu Shir Landau Feibish (Open University of Israel), shirlf@openu.ac.il Check further info on SIGCOMM officers at: https://www.sigcomm.org/about/people And learn more about CARES at: https://www.sigcomm.org/content/committee-aid-reporting-discrimination-and-harassment-policy-violations SIGCOMM is hiring! Looking for a motivated and Web-skilled student! The Information Services area of SIGCOMM is working on a fresh roadmap for SIGCOMM IT. Our current top priorities include improving the current Web site (both from a content as well as an back-end infrastructure perspective) and enhancing our overall communication channels. To this end, we are looking for one student (regularly enrolled in an education institution around the world) motivated in contributing to the SIGCOMM community and with adequate skills in Web technologies and platforms (e.g. HTML, Drupal). Estimated weekly time efforts (e.g., 8 to 16 hours/week) as well as the salary (i.e. from 15 to 25 USD/hour) will be negotiated with the candidate after the interview process of candidates. Candidates should send their interest statements (motivation letter + CV) regarding the position (initially for 6 months) to christian@sigcomm.com until Nov-30, 2021. September 2021 SIGCOMM Newsletter September 30, 2021 ----------------------------------------------------------- Contents TEACHING DURING THE PANDEMIC: ONLINE PANEL ----------------------------------------------------------- TEACHING DURING THE PANDEMIC: ONLINE PANEL The Networking Channel will host an online panel on the topic of "Networking Education During and After the Pandemic". Topics such as how to teach effectively online, challenges, and ideas that we could bring with us in a future return to in-person teaching will be discussed. For more information and to register please visit: https://networkingchannel.eu/networking-education-during-and-after-the-pandemic/ August 2021 SIGCOMM Newsletter September 1, 2021 August 2021 SIGCOMM Newsletter ----------------------------------------------------------- Contents Networking Channel Fall Kickoff SIGCOMM'21 Videos Online SIGCOMM'21 Post-Event Poll ----------------------------------------------------------- Networking Channel Fall Kickoff The fall season of SIGCOMM-sponsored theNetworkingChannel starts on September 15th, with a talk titled "Google Networking: Infrastructure and Selected Challenges", led by Christophe Diot and Paulie Germano (Google). The talk will present Google's network infrastructure, how it was designed, and why, as well as identify some research challenges for data centers and networks. For more information and to register, please visit: https://networkingchannel.eu/google-networking-infrastructure-and-selected-challenges/ SIGCOMM'21 Videos Online Videos from the SIGCOMM'21 conference have been uploaded to the ACM SIGCOMM YouTube Channel. The videos include a keynote by Professor Hari Balakrishnan (MIT), a panel on navigating stages of one's research career, technical sessions, topic previews, and more. More videos will continue to be uploaded as they become available. For access to the videos, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaSNALvlJ6ZJ0ZhLDOOhD7g/playlists SIGCOMM'21 Post-Event Poll If you attended SIGCOMM'21, please fill out the following poll to give us feedback on your experience. Your input will be very helpful towards improving future events and initiatives: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1gkxZR8uQeh2F04tD-GJd2iFE3LmOCRD9j6cas_wkOKw/ Contact us to send feedback about this page.