Tree of Life Web Project Tree of Life Web Project Explore the Tree of Life Browse the Site Root of the TreePopular PagesSample PagesRecent AdditionsRandom PageTreehouses Images, Movies,... News Darwin 200: the celebration continues... read more about this picture Learn about ... Agaricales (a group of fungi) image info The Agaricales, or euagarics clade, is a monophyletic group of approximately 8500 mushroom species...read more more featured pages The Tree of Life Web Project (ToL) is a collaborative effort of biologists and nature enthusiasts from around the world. On more than 10,000 World Wide Web pages, the project provides information about biodiversity, the characteristics of different groups of organisms, and their evolutionary history (phylogeny). Each page contains information about a particular group, e.g., salamanders, segmented worms, phlox flowers, tyrannosaurs, euglenids, Heliconius butterflies, club fungi, or the vampire squid. ToL pages are linked one to another hierarchically, in the form of the evolutionary tree of life. Starting with the root of all Life on Earth and moving out along diverging branches to individual species, the structure of the ToL project thus illustrates the genetic connections between all living things. read more about the Tree of Life Web Project... "The affinities of all the beings of the same class have sometimes been represented by a great tree... As buds give rise by growth to fresh buds, and these if vigorous, branch out and overtop on all sides many a feebler branch, so by generation I believe it has been with the great Tree of Life, which fills with its dead and broken branches the crust of the earth, and covers the surface with its ever branching and beautiful ramifications." Charles Darwin, 1859 Home Browse Help Features Learning Contribute About Search Privacy Policy — Copyright Policies Tree of Life design, images, and icons copyright © 1995-2005 Tree of Life Web Project. All rights reserved. Image of rose © 1999 Nick Kurzenko. Image of annelid worm © 2001 Greg W. Rouse. Site Navigation Home Browse Browse Root Popular Pages Sample Pages Recent Additions Random Page Treehouses Images, Movies,... Help Help Finding Things Navigating Tree Diagrams FAQ Sitemap Contact Us Features Features Preferences Forums Glossary Images, Movies,... Webservices Links Learning Learning Treehouses Building Treehouses Evolution/Phylogeny Contribute Contribute Scientific Content Build Treehouses Images/Media Contributor Log-In About About News Goals ToL/EoL Structure Home Picture History/Future Accessibility Citing the ToL Quality Control Tech Development Policies People Acknowledgments