Mashed | Fast Food, Celebrity Chefs, Grocery, Reviews × RECIPES EXCLUSIVES NEWS ENTERTAINMENT KITCHEN GROCERY RESTAURANTS FACTS HOLIDAYS FEATURES About Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved RECIPES EXCLUSIVES NEWS ENTERTAINMENT KITCHEN GROCERY RESTAURANTS FACTS HOLIDAYS FEATURES We Tried 6 Celebrity Banana Bread Recipes, And Here's The Winner The Best And Worst Of Cracker Barrel's Seasonal Items Slow-Cook Your Little Smokies Sausages For A More Flavorful Snack More Stories Restaurants /Georgie Fenn The Best And Worst Of Cracker Barrel's Seasonal Items Cracker Barrel has a stable of longtime fan favorites, but it regularly puts up new items too. Some of those seasonal items are wins, while others are a miss. Read More Kitchen /Maria Scinto Slow-Cook Your Little Smokies Sausages For A More Flavorful Snack If you thought that making little smokies would just involve a quick heat-and-eat session, think again. Slow-cooking these sausages is the way to go. Read More Facts /Nick Vrchoticky The Origin Of Fish And Chips Is Likely Different Than You Think Fish and chips is a quintessentially British dish, and you might suspect it's been around in England forever. In fact, however, its origins lie in Portugal. Read More Grocery /Maria Scinto The March Aldi Finds You Need To Spring Out Of Winter Spring is coming and Aldi is preparing for the season with a bevy of special buys that are as festive as they are available for a limited time only. Read More Kitchen /Madisen Swenson The Difference Between Vietnamese Coffee And Spanish Lattes Coffee has plenty of variations around the world. Despite being created thousands of miles apart, Vietnamese coffee and Spanish lattes are quite similar. Read More Grocery /Nicole Anderson Hop On Easter Prep Early With These March Aldi Finds Aldi is rolling out plenty of limited-time finds just for Easter, incorporating everything from decor to special treats that can fill baskets. Read More Kitchen /Mary K. Cahill We Ranked 7 Celebrity Coffee Brands And This One Was The Best Celebrities love to cash in on whatever is trendy, and creating coffee brands is no exception. Read our ranking of some of the best celeb coffee brands. Read More Entertainment /Helena Nichols Aarón Sánchez Tells Us What To Expect From The Upcoming Season Of MasterChef Junior - Exclusive In an exclusive interview with Mashed, chef Aarón Sánchez tells us what to expect on the new season of "MasterChef Junior," including an exciting new judge. Read More Kitchen /Holly Riddle The Best Way To Clean Your Aluminum Pans While not necessarily unsafe, the discoloration that can happen to aluminum pans after use is unsightly. These tips will help restore your cookware's luster. Read More Kitchen /Madisen Swenson The Simple Tip For The Fluffiest Korean Rolled Eggs With its unique spiral of ingredients, gyeran maris a savory, fluffy dish perfect for any meal, but getting the texture just right is takes a bit of finesse. Read More Facts /Ivana Maric 25 Balkan Dishes You Need To Try At Least Once These must-try dishes are an invitation to delve deeper into the Balkans. These simple, hearty meals speak of home, comfort, and fantastic cultural diversity. Read More Restaurants /Maria Scinto Chick-Fil-A's Polynesian Sauce Is Being Recalled Over Allergens If you're allergic to either soy or wheat products, you'll want to steer clear of any Chick-fil-A Polynesian Sauce between February 14 and 27, Read More Facts /Brynna Standen In-N-Out Burger Sauce Vs ShackSauce: What's The Difference? Fast food aficionados are no doubt familiar with "secret sauce." In particular, two of the game's top competitors keep their recipes under lock and key. Read More Recipes /Annabelle Randles Rice And Vegetable Enchilada-Stuffed Peppers Recipe Rice, beans, and veggies make these peppers nutritious and filling, while a spiced, tangy sauce and cheesy topping adds comforting, enchilada-inspired flavor. Read More Facts /Rachael Grow Shichirin: The Traditional Japanese Grill That Dates Back To The Edo Period Up your grilling game with a traditional, versatile Japanese grill that dates back to the Edo period, originally used by Samurai warriors and other elite. Read More Kitchen /Carlie Hoke 13 Ways To Create New Dishes With Leftover Mac And Cheese Macaroni and cheese may create a fair amount of leftovers, but there's no reason you can't take those and create delicious new dishes with some know-how. Read More Entertainment /Naomi Kennedy Why You Should 'Undercook' Your Chicken, According To Ina Garten Food Network personality and author Ina Garten knows her way around the kitchen, so why would she suggest undercooking chicken? The answer is rooted in science. Read More Kitchen /Ivana Maric Mushrooms Vs Truffles: Everything You Need To Know Mushrooms and truffles are very similar but also have many differences. Both are great to add to your recipes, but one is more accessible than the other. Read More News /Holly Riddle How Long Does Opened Pesto Last? Whether homemade or from a jar, pesto is a wonderfully tasty addition to many dishes. However, its shelf life is limited by a number of external factors. Read More Recipes /Erin Johnson Taco Pot Pie With Cornbread Crust Recipe For a spin on taco night, consider taking all your favorite ingredients and combining them into a single dish topped with a spicy-sweet cornbread crust. Read More Facts /Nicole Anderson Do Canned Sardines Have Bones In Them? People who know the displeasure of having fish bones lodged in their throats might wonder whether canned sardines have bones that could pose the same problem. Read More Facts /Cheyenne Wiseman Employees Reveal What It's Really Like To Work At Jersey Mike's Subs You may know Jersey Mike's for its hearty subs, but what is it like for the people working behind the counter? Here's what employees think about the job. Read More Kitchen /Madisen Swenson The Biggest Mistake To Avoid When Meal Prepping With Orzo If your Orzo consistently turns out sticky, clumpy, and mushy, you're making a simple mistake that can be easily remedied with a readily available ingredient. Read More Entertainment /Sophia Blush What It Was Like To Eat At The First Bobby Flay Restaurant, Mesa Grill For over two decades, Mesa Grill was not just a restaurant; it was a culinary destination where patrons could experience Bobby Flay's culinary genius. Read More Kitchen /Maria Scinto The Special Ingredient You Need For The Best Classic Cheese Ball You can have a ball eating cheese, especially if said cheese is indeed a ball. To give it an extra layer of flavor, consider using a certain citrusy ingredient. Read More Recipes /Tanika Douglas Plant-Based Chipotle Jackfruit Nachos Recipe Shredded and cooked with tomatoes and chipotles in adobo, jackfruit is the perfect vegan substitute for pulled pork in these cheesy, saucy nachos for a crowd. Read More Kitchen /Lily McElveen 13 Unexpected Ways To Use Orange Juice Orange juice may seem like a breakfast table standard, but it turns out there are many unexpected and interesting ways to incorporate it into other dishes. Read More Facts /Jaylen Heady Kool-Aid Bursts' Lid Shape Is Still Kind Of A Mystery The classic Kool-Aid Bursts cap is an enigma. Why, exactly, is it shaped that way? Despite internet speculation, we're no closer to unraveling its secrets. Read More Facts /Brynna Standen The Difference Between Canned And Cartoned Coconut Milk Coconut milk is growing in popularity for use in beverages and many dishes, making it more important that ever for people to understand its nuances. Read More Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy © 2024 Static Media® / Mashed.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Food Republic|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Looper|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashFilm|SlashGear|SVG|Tasting Table|The Daily Meal|The List|Women|Wrestling Inc.