Welcome | The Post Millennial | thepostmillennial.com The Post Millennial NewsCultureNews AnalysisDonate NewsCultureNews AnalysisDonate loginGo Ad-Free TODAY'S HEADLINE Arizona Dem Gov Katie Hobbs vetoes bill making illegal border crossing a state crime Thomas Stevenson / Mar 5, 2024 Taylor Swift posts Super Tuesday message to fans: 'vote for the people who most represent YOU' Hannah Nightingale / Mar 5, 2024 Electric cars worse for environment than gas-powered vehicles: study Jarryd Jaeger / Mar 5, 2024 BREAKING: Sen Kyrsten Sinema will not seek reelection in Arizona Hannah Nightingale / Mar 5, 2024 California moves to allow illegals immigrants to 'buy' homes with no payment, zero-down loans Thomas Stevenson / Mar 5, 2024 LATEST NEWS American News JUST IN: Biden falsely claims he won last five polls 'in a row' "My poll numbers? The last five polls you guys don't report. I'm winning — five! Five in a row!" Thomas Stevenson / Mar 5, 2024 American News Vermont Christian school sues after being barred from sports tournaments for forfeiting basketball game against team with biological male player "I would never bring my girls to a boy's practice, or have the boys come to our practice. It is asking for an injury. It would be irresponsible." Sara Higdon / Mar 5, 2024 American News Expose of leading trans health group WPATH reveals child sex change surgeries, drugs are undertaken despite risks of cancer, regret, life-altering complications Mia Hughes and Michael Shellenberger published The WPATH Files: Pseudoscientific Surgical and Hormonal Experiments on Children, Adolescents and Vulnerable People. Madeline Martin / Mar 5, 2024 American News Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, other Wall Street firms pulling back on DEI initiatives: report The era of a company's commitment to DEI taking precedence over its commitment to equal opportunity seems to be slowly coming to an end. Jarryd Jaeger / Mar 5, 2024 American News Biden admin reverses ban on iconic Times Square 'kiss' photo from end of World War II after backlash "Recent discussions have highlighted concerns about the non-consensual nature of the kiss, prompting debates on consent and the appropriateness of celebrating such images in today's environment, especially within institutions, such as VHA facilities." Thomas Stevenson / Mar 5, 2024 American News JUST IN: Elon Musk advocates for voters to elect new DA in Austin "Please go to the polls and vote for a new District Attorney!" he wrote on X. Jarryd Jaeger / Mar 5, 2024 American News SAVANAH HERNANDEZ EXCLUSIVE: Utah governor attempts to force out America first AG using extortion: multiple whistleblowers “The Governor’s office coordinated with OUR victims and their attorney to get them to attack Reyes and lay blame at his feet,” the source alleged. Savanah Hernandez / Mar 5, 2024 American News BREAKING: Victoria Nuland announces resignation as Biden's Undersecretary of State Serving as Acting Under Secretary until a replacement is confirmed for Nuland will be Under Secretary for Management John Bass. Hannah Nightingale / Mar 5, 2024 American News Elon Musk, Twitter users mock Bill Maher not understanding ironic quip by Jack Posobiec Batya Ungar-Sargon was there to straighten Bill Maher out in real time. Libby Emmons / Mar 5, 2024 American News Mainstream media look to slash millions from TV personality salaries as viewership drops "The trend is to get rid of people with big salaries and replace them with people they can pay considerably less." Katie Daviscourt / Mar 5, 2024 American News Biden admin flew 320,000 illegal immigrants to US cities despite national security 'vulnerabilities' "It is highly probable that the groundwork is being laid for something far worse than 9/11. Just a matter of time," Elon Musk said of the report. The Post Millennial / Mar 5, 2024 American News Charles Barkley threatens to punch black Americans who dare to wear Trump shirts “I will bail myself out and go celebrate.” The Post Millennial / Mar 4, 2024 American News BREAKING: AOC chased out of Brooklyn movie theatre by leftist protesters demanding she accuse Israel of ‘genocide’ "It’s f*cked up man. And you’re not helping these people." The Post Millennial / Mar 4, 2024 Join our mailing list to receive a daily email with all of our top stories By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Keep me in the loop NEWS ANALYSIS MUST WATCH: James O'Keefe EXPOSES Judge Engoron 'creeping' on women in Long Island gym The source revealed that Engoron "makes it a point to go up to any young girl possible every single visit." The Post Millennial / Feb 28, 2024 NY Post headline slammed for saying illegal murder suspect 'panicked' when Laken Riley fought back "It's not even the end of February and I think we've got a contender for the worst headline of the year." Katie Daviscourt / Feb 28, 2024 'That's classified': Biden addresses Taylor Swift endorsement rumors "Where are you gettin' this information?" Biden said after a long pause. "That's classified!" Jarryd Jaeger / Feb 27, 2024 MUST WATCH: Dr. Phil schools The View hosts on horrifying impacts of Covid lockdowns on children "They suffered, and will suffer more from the mismanagement of Covid than they will from the exposure to Covid." The Post Millennial / Feb 27, 2024 OMG: IRS agent who admitted warrant program was 'unconstitutional' runs away from James O'Keefe "We have a runner at the IRS!" O'Keefe exclaimed. Jarryd Jaeger / Feb 26, 2024 Jack Posobiec declares 'the West will rise again' in standout CPAC speech Democrats and the swamp "are the ones that are seeking to destroy not our democracy but our Constitutional Republic and is it incumbent upon us to restore it." The Post Millennial / Feb 23, 2024 VIEW MORE IN NEWS ANALYSIS × Term of Use Terms of ServiceTerms of ContributionPrivacy PolicyAd Choices Membership Support Experiencing Tech IssueNeed Other Help Company CareersAbout UsEthical Journalism PolicyMission Statement © 2024 The Post Millennial, Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information