The Last Driver License Holder… – …has already been born. How Google, Tesla, Apple, Uber & Co will change our lives, cities and destroy jobs. And why this is good this way. Skip to content The Last Driver License Holder… LinkedIn Twitter …has already been born. How Google, Tesla, Apple, Uber & Co will change our lives, cities and destroy jobs. And why this is good this way. Menu Home About Books Contact Newsletter Deutsch Myths COURSES Talks & Workshops Cruise Origins Spotted in a Warehouse in Michigan Following the temporary revocation of the robotaxi license in California in California, where an accident caused by a human driver… featured Waymo Depot in San Francisco on 2/29/2024 A view of the Waymo depot in San Francisco on February 29th, 2024 at around 12pm PST. This article was… featured Waymo Licensed to Massively Expand Robotaxi Service in California Just six weeks ago, Waymo applied to expand its commercial driverless robotaxi service Waymo One beyond San Francisco and south… featured No Vision, No iCar: Apple Dissolves Car Team. What Now? Apple kept things exciting for ten years, only to disappoint us today. For so long, the worst-kept secret in Silicon… featured Electric Cars: Boom or Burst? The Answer is a Clear YesNo! If the headlines of recent weeks are to be believed, the electric car hype seems to be over and the… featured Cruise Spotted in Nashville Are the Cruise robotaxis making a comeback? This Twitter user posted a video he took a week ago in Nashville,… featured Lockable Public Chargers Vandalism at charging stations is a problem that should not be underestimated. Nothing hinders e-mobility more than a charging infrastructure… featured Cybertruck for the Petrolheads The Tesla Cybertruck has only been on the road for three months and the first modifications are already showing how… featured How to License an Autonomous Vehicle in Germany The law on autonomous driving came into force in Germany almost two and a half years ago. But how exactly… featured Incident Rates of Autonomous Vehicles in San Francisco According to a report in the San Francisco Chronicle, incidents involving autonomous cars in San Francisco have dropped noticeably. The… featured 100 Cybertrucks at Tesla Factory in Austin A new drone video by Brad Sloan shows around one hundred Cybertrucks in the parking lot as it flies over… featured Posts navigation Older posts The BookSearch Search for: Blog at WordPress.com. Subscribe Subscribed The Last Driver License Holder... Join 152 other subscribers Sign me up Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. The Last Driver License Holder... Customize Subscribe Subscribed Sign up Log in Report this content View site in Reader Manage subscriptions Collapse this bar Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website