CTV News - Breaking News, Canada News Today Skip to main content Live Search CTVNews.ca Search NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Israel-Hamas War Aging in Canada Weather Autos Nanos on the Numbers Newsletters Local Spotlight Photo Galleries Happening Now COVID in Canada VIDEO Video Hubs CTV News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Entertainment Edmonton Kitchener London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kingston Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Nanaimo Newfoundland and Labrador Northern Ontario Ottawa Pembroke Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Sault Ste. Marie Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News Power Play QP W5 ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Shopping Trends Sections Gifts Tech Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Search CTVNews.ca Search CTV News - Breaking News, Canada News Today Top Stories Masked shooters kill 4 people and wound 7 at an outdoor party in California, police say A group of men in masks got out of a car and opened fire at an outdoor party in central California, killing four people and wounding seven others before driving off, police said Monday. Inquest into Barrie, Ont., man's death while in police custody reveals dramatic details The inquest into the death of Olando Brown while in police custody in June 2018 in Barrie unfolded on Monday, with testimony shedding light on his final hours. 'I want to get off the plane.' The passengers refusing to fly on Boeing's 737 Max Many thousands of people board Max aircraft with no concerns. But do other passengers care? It appears that enough do. LIVE COVERAGE Top Videos CTV National News for March 4: Trump can stay on ballot Ont. police warn of scam targeting Chinese community WATCH: Man wields nail gun at protest in Thornhill, Ont. Ont. senior says she lost $80K to crypto scam on Facebook More Top Stories 'You ripped a hole in all our lives:' Families of victims speak at sentencing for Joseph George Sutherland Family and friends of Susan Tice and Erin Gilmour addressed their loved ones' killer in a Toronto courtroom Monday, deploring his decision to keep the crimes to himself for nearly 40 years. Guilbeault calls Saskatchewan premier 'immoral' for breaking carbon-price law Environment Minister Steven Guilbeault says Ottawa has to take action against Saskatchewan for breaking the federal carbon-pricing law. 5-time Iditarod champion Dallas Seavey kills and guts a moose that got entangled with his dog team A veteran musher had to kill a moose after it injured his dog shortly after the start of this year’s Iditarod, race officials said Monday. Okanagan winery and villa on sale for just under $10M A winery ranked as the number one tourist destination in Kelowna by Trip Advisor is up for sale for just under $10 million. Ottawa man's 200,000 Aeroplan points stolen as he slept Cyber theft is surging, with hackers moving faster than ever to access private information and take it, and loyalty points accounts are a prime target. Bitcoin bursts above US$68,000, record high comes into view Bitcoin rallied to a two-year high on Monday, breaking above US$68,000 as a wave of money carried it within striking distance of record levels. Sask. potash worker to remain on suspension over nightly medical cannabis use A union welder at a potash mine in Saskatchewan will remain on suspension after refusing to give up his nightly toke of medical marijuana, following the ruling of a provincial labour arbitrator. Ex-Ontario nuclear power plant worker denied bail after allegedly leaking secret information A former Ontario nuclear power plant worker charged with leaking secret information to a foreign entity or terrorist group has been denied bail. Former Toronto Blue Jay Josh Donaldson says he's retiring from baseball Josh Donaldson says he’s retiring after a 13-year career in which he was voted the 2015 AL MVP while with the Toronto Blue Jays and was selected to three All-Star Games. New report says NSOs need $104 million increase in annual funding to avoid crisis The 61 organizations that govern amateur sports across the country face financial peril if the federal government doesn't address a funding crisis decades in the making by increasing financial support, according to a new report. B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit A lawyer for a group of iPhone owners says a British Columbia judge has approved a countrywide multimillion-dollar settlement with tech giant Apple over software updates that allegedly slowed down older devices. What to know about Super Tuesday and why it matters It's almost Super Tuesday when voters in 16 states and one territory will cast their ballots in the 2024 presidential primaries. Here's why the day matters — and why it looks a little different this year. Gusting winds, wind chill of -55: Here's Canada's weather forecast Extreme cold and snowfall warnings have been issued for provinces and territories across Canada, according to the latest forecasts. Toronto man shocked by package delivered to his mailbox A Toronto man says that he discovered “nightmare fuel” – a container full of live cockroaches – in his mailbox after arriving home from a day of appointments with his wife and newborn daughter last week. WEATHER °C View Full Forecast >> Unable to retrieve weather data Complete Weather Forecast LIVE ON CTVNEWS.CA Your Morning (M-F) 6 - 9 a.m. EST CTV National News (M-F) 4:30 p.m. EST CTV National News 10 p.m. EST Power Play (M-F) 5 p.m. EST CTV Question Period (Sun) 11 a.m. EST Editor's Picks Time change: When do we set clocks forward this year? Major grocers expand discount footprint as shoppers look for savings In Pictures Remembering former prime minister Brian Mulroney Sailors compete in adrenaline-fuelled races at SailGP All the images sent back from lunar landing Montreal lawyer Brian Mulroney escorts demonstrators onto the convention floor at the Civic Centre in Ottawa to present his speech to leadership delegates on Feb. 21, 1976. (The Canadian Press) World Photography Awards 2024 Famous creations by Black inventors Toronto's unsolved homicides India's richest man brings celebs to son's pre-wedding party The largest wildfire in Texas history Flooding in Sussex, New Brunswick Brian Mulroney 1939 - 2024 In Pictures: 100 iconic photos from Mulroney's life 1939-2024: Remembering former PM Mulroney Chretien on Mulroney: A 'great servant of Canada' Prime Minister Jean Chretien applauds former prime minister Brian Mulroney during an official unveiling ceremony of Mulroney's official portrait on Parliament Hill in Ottawa Tuesday Nov 19, 2002. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Tom Hanson Canada Toronto cop handed temporary demotion after 'harassing' domestic violence victim, dispute with tenant: tribunal A Toronto police officer has been handed a temporary demotion after a disciplinary tribunal found that he 'harassed' a victim of domestic violence and used official police stationery in the eviction of his tenant. Inquest into Barrie, Ont., man's death while in police custody reveals dramatic details The inquest into the death of Olando Brown while in police custody in June 2018 in Barrie unfolded on Monday, with testimony shedding light on his final hours. B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit A lawyer for a group of iPhone owners says a British Columbia judge has approved a countrywide multimillion-dollar settlement with tech giant Apple over software updates that allegedly slowed down older devices. 'Significant' number of UFO sightings reported in Canada last year: survey If you believe you saw a UFO last year, you are not alone World Donald Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses, adding to victories going into Super Tuesday Donald Trump won the North Dakota Republican presidential caucuses on Monday, adding to his string of victories heading into Super Tuesday. Israel escalates its criticism of a UN agency in Gaza. It says 450 of its workers are militants Israel ramped up its criticism of the embattled UN agency for Palestinian refugees Monday, saying 450 of its employees were members of militant groups in the Gaza Strip, though it provided no evidence to back up its accusation. 5-time Iditarod champion Dallas Seavey kills and guts a moose that got entangled with his dog team A veteran musher had to kill a moose after it injured his dog shortly after the start of this year’s Iditarod, race officials said Monday. North Korea threatens to take military moves in response to U.S.-South Korean drills North Korea called the ongoing South Korean-U.S. military drills a plot to invade the country, as it threatened Tuesday to take unspecified 'responsible' military steps in response. Local Spotlight 'It was swimming around me': Free-diver captures close encounter with orca When Ping-Yi Wu started taking a selfie while floating in the ocean near East Sooke, B.C., the tourist never imagined she would eventually capture an orca with her camera. Huge interest in northern Ont. town's $10 land sale program as it nears launch It sounds too good to be true, but Cochrane’s mayor says the town’s eye-catching land-for-$10 sales pitch is nearing fruition. Quebec mom says Air Canada bungled her family vacation because they overbooked the flight A mother from Terrebonne, Que. is outraged after her vacation plans fell through because Air Canada reportedly overbooked the flight. Cindy Boulet says she and her two sons, ages 5 and 8, were supposed to fly to Cuba on Tuesday. Calgary Zoo’s lifelong peacock 17-year-old Norman passes away Around the same time that the world’s oldest living supermodel passed away, the Calgary Zoo announced the passing of one of its true fashionistas. New Zealand man reaches Vancouver on cross-Canada run inspired by Terry Fox Jon Nabbs has been running for more than 300 days in a row, inspired by Terry Fox to fundraise for cancer research by trekking across Canada. Complaints filed with privacy commissioner over facial recognition vending machines Two complaints have been filed with Ontario's privacy commissioner over facial recognition software in smart vending machines on the University of Waterloo campus. 'Unconscionable': Fake posters promise family doctors in B.C. community Posters have been plastered across the Vancouver Island community of Esquimalt since last weekend, falsely promising residents they can sign up for a family doctor by emailing the municipal hall. B.C. lawyer Hong Guo disbarred a 2nd time for being 'ungovernable' A Richmond lawyer who has been at the centre of Law Society of B.C. discipline proceedings for years has been disbarred for a second time. Peek inside Seth Rogen's $2.3M penthouse up for sale in Vancouver A penthouse belonging to one of Vancouver’s biggest homegrown celebrities has been put up for sale, allowing the public a rare peek inside. Opinion opinion opinion | Don Martin: The Trudeau lessons from Brian Mulroney's legacy start with walking away opinion opinion | Tom Mulcair: Brian Mulroney had a sincere desire to make life better for average folks like himself OPINION OPINION | Where are the Prince and Princess of Wales? OPINION OPINION | Tom Mulcair: Singh deserves credit for pulling off pharmacare deal with Trudeau, now what will Poilievre do? Politics Guilbeault calls Saskatchewan premier 'immoral' for breaking carbon-price law Environment Minister Steven Guilbeault says Ottawa has to take action against Saskatchewan for breaking the federal carbon-pricing law. Sask. residents could see smaller carbon rebate cheques says premier, federal minister Saskatchewan Premier Scott Moe expects residents could get less money back through the Canada Carbon Rebate following the province's decision not to remit the federal carbon tax on natural gas used for home heating. Freeland promises to 'unlock pathways' to middle-class life in April 16 federal budget The 2024 federal budget will be presented on Tuesday, April 16, Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Chrystia Freeland announced Monday. Health Health minister 'deeply concerned' about measles outbreaks across Canada amid struggling vaccination efforts Federal Health Minister Mark Holland says he is 'deeply concerned' about the emergence of measles outbreaks in Canada, a risk that has grown as infections soar abroad and the country continues to struggle to meet vaccination targets. OPINION OPINION | What you should know to reduce the risk of prostate cancer Prostate cancer remains a significant concern in my practice, which is why I emphasize the importance of early detection. The American Cancer Society estimates there will be nearly 300,000 new cases of prostate cancer in the U.S. and about 35,000 deaths in 2024. Are you a health-care worker who decided to leave Canada? As Canada faces a severe shortage of nurses and doctors, CTVNews.ca wants to hear from health-care professionals about why they left the country for opportunities in another country. Business Okanagan winery and villa on sale for just under $10M A winery ranked as the number one tourist destination in Kelowna by Trip Advisor is up for sale for just under $10 million. Bitcoin bursts above US$68,000, record high comes into view Bitcoin rallied to a two-year high on Monday, breaking above US$68,000 as a wave of money carried it within striking distance of record levels. Ottawa man's 200,000 Aeroplan points stolen as he slept Cyber theft is surging, with hackers moving faster than ever to access private information and take it, and loyalty points accounts are a prime target. Sci-Tech B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit A lawyer for a group of iPhone owners says a British Columbia judge has approved a countrywide multimillion-dollar settlement with tech giant Apple over software updates that allegedly slowed down older devices. Your company probably knows you're reading this story at work Last month, news surfaced that major companies like Walmart, Starbucks, Delta and Chevron were using AI to monitor employee communications. The reaction online was swift, with employees and workplace advocates worrying about a loss of privacy. Former Twitter executives sue Elon Musk for over US$128 million in severance, Wall Street Journal reports Four former top Twitter executives, including former CEO Parag Agarwal, have sued Elon Musk for over US$128 million in severance, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday. GLOBAL CONFLICTS Israel-Hamas War U.S. Vice President Harris hosts Israeli war Cabinet member as the U.S. pushes to get more aid into Gaza U.S. envoy says 'limited war' at Lebanese-Israeli border would not be 'containable' After 10 years of trying, a Palestinian woman had twins. An Israeli strike killed them both How U.S. airdrops of humanitarian aid into Gaza can help and why the operation is complicated Russia-Ukraine War Germany and Russia spar over a leaked audio on missiles for Ukraine. Berlin promises to investigate Ukraine's Zelenskyy: Political will in West required to secure needed supplies A woman clutching an infant is found in the rubble of Ukraine building after Russian drone strike Canada sanctions more Russians over Navalny death Entertainment 'Dune: Part Two' passes 'Oppenheimer' opening weekend at domestic box office with US$82.5 million 'Dune: Part Two' raked in US$82.5 million at the domestic box office on during its opening weekend, narrowly surpassing the opening weekend of the 2023 blockbuster film 'Oppenheimer.' Sinead O'Connor's estate asks Donald Trump to stop playing her music at rallies The estate of Sinead O'Connor on Monday asked Donald Trump not to play her music at campaign rallies, saying the late singer considered the former president a 'biblical devil.' AI has come for music. So far, there's a Great Big Sea between people and algorithms The production is slick, the drums are on point, and the vocals sound great, but a titan of Newfoundland and Labrador's music scene hears something off about "It Could Be Worse" and "Tales of The Atlantic," two songs generated in less than a minute by a powerful algorithm. Lifestyle Toronto man thought he won just $50 in the lottery. He missed a few zeroes A 68-year-old technician in the Greater Toronto Area thought he had won just $50 in the lottery, until he noticed the extra zeroes at the end a few days later. Celebrity owl Flaco memorialized in New York after fatal building collision Mournful fans of Flaco the owl gathered in New York City on Sunday to say goodbye to the beloved celebrity creature who became an inspiration to many as he flew around Manhattan after someone let him out of his zoo enclosure. The eyes have it: The intriguing history of kohl The earliest iteration of eyeliner — which has been integral to Arab culture for millennia — can be traced back to ancient Egypt where it served not only beautification purposes but was also thought to offer protection against the harsh desert sun and even the evil eye. Sports 5-time Iditarod champion Dallas Seavey kills and guts a moose that got entangled with his dog team A veteran musher had to kill a moose after it injured his dog shortly after the start of this year’s Iditarod, race officials said Monday. Raptors sign centre Kelly Olynyk to multi-year contract extension The Toronto Raptors have signed centre Kelly Olynyk to a multi-year contract extension, the NBA club announced Monday. LAFC head coach condemns MLS game played in heavy snow as an 'absolute disgrace' Los Angeles Football Club's head coach said it was an 'absolute disgrace' that his team's match against Real Salt Lake went ahead despite a blizzard in Sandy, Utah on Saturday. Autos Fast car, slow return: Ferrari stolen in 1995 from a Formula One driver is recovered by U.K. police British police said Monday that they have recovered a Ferrari stolen from Austrian Formula One driver Gerhard Berger in Italy almost three decades ago. GM recalling 250,000 pickup trucks in Canada for tailgate issue General Motors is recalling 820,000 newer pickup trucks in North America because tailgates could unlatch and open unexpectedly. More Ontario drivers being told to install tracking devices – but at their own expense More Canadian auto insurance companies are calling on some of their customers to install anti-theft tracking devices. But while certain insurers will pay for the installation of the system, others won’t. Climate & Environment California ski resort workers tunnel their way into the office after getting 10 feet of snow Saskatoon digs out following major winter storm Temperature in Toronto appears to have broken a 50-year-old record Gusting winds, wind chill of -55: Here's Canada's weather forecast ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AI outperforms humans in creative potential tests: study Elon Musk sues OpenAI and CEO Sam Altman, claiming betrayal of its goal to benefit humanity Do you want AI with that? Fast food chains go digital with dynamic pricing, bots Apple to disclose AI plans later this year, CEO Tim Cook says W5 HIGHLIGHTS W5 investigates as Quebec town's residents fear harmful health effects linked to historic smelter Some residents of a mining town in northern Quebec tell CTV W5 they no longer want to reap the financial benefits from heavy industry, if it means the price they have to pay is their health. Oji-Cree singer Aysanabee shares stories of family and love in billboard-breaking music Oji-Cree singer-songwriter Aysanabee reflects on his whirlwind year, and how family inspired his music, in an interview with W5. W5 investigates W5 investigates | Who's at your door?: Homeowners allegedly exploited by Ontario company In its documentary 'Who's At Your Door?', CTV W5 investigates companies that allegedly trick homeowners into signing long-term contracts for services they don't need. INVESTIGATION INVESTIGATION | W5 visits Panama as protests rage against Canadian-owned mine W5 visited Panama as mass protests raged against a Canadian-owned mine that has now been ordered closed. The most expensive zip-tie: W5's hidden cameras catch repair company in action CTV W5 unveils the worst offenders when it comes to responding to Better Business Bureau complaints. W5 W5 | Unreleased video allegedly shows torture of Ontario 'crypto king' during kidnapping A grieving mother is on a quest for answers after her 25-year-old son died just days after coming across new footage alleged to show the kidnapping and torture of so-called 'crypto king' Aiden Pleterski. W5 W5 | 'Crypto king' investor says she doesn’t believe Pleterski is orchestrating alleged Ponzi scheme alone An investor who handed Ontario’s so-called 'crypto king' $75,000 believes Aiden Pleterski is not the sole mastermind orchestrating the alleged multi-million dollar investment scheme that’s become synonymous with his name. W5 W5 | Video shows Ontario 'crypto king' associate refusing to hand over phone found in toilet caddy A video displayed as evidence in court shows an associate of the so-called Ontario ‘crypto king’ refusing to surrender an iPhone to investigators after hiding it in a toilet caddy during a court-ordered search at his girlfriend’s Oshawa, Ont. home, resulting in five months of jail time for the 27-year-old. Shopping Trends The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us. Editor's Picks As Seen On Your Morning: 8 Of Andrea Buckett's Favourite Kitchen Products Scotland's Top Outdoor Clothing Brand Just Arrived In Canada, And Here Are A Few Of Our Favourite Finds Our Guide To The Best Walking Pads In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them) Beauty 17 Holy Grail Products That Reviewers With Eczema Swear By If You Have Dry Skin, Add At Least One Of These Hydrating Foundations To Your Cart 11 Of The Best Shampoos For Oily Hair You Can Get Online Right Now Gifts 15 Baby Shower Gifts from Amazon Canada Any New Parent Will Appreciate 20 Gifts To Get Your Favourite Person (Or Yourself) 17 Unique Gifts From Amazon Canada To Get The Person Who Has Everything Home As Seen On Your Morning: 8 Of Andrea Buckett's Favourite Kitchen Products If You Have A Hard Time Keeping Your Fridge Organized, These Space-Saving Products Are For You 6 Travel Essentials Every Dog Owner Probably Needs Stay Connected Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Shopping Trends Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton © 2024 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy