Home - PIRG The Latest Events Resources Media center About Careers Part of the Public Interest Network Search Trending Pesticides Beyond plastic Kids' health Our work Consumer protection Democracy & government Health Transportation Waste & recycling Toxics Clean water & air Global warming Energy States Arizona California Colorado Connecticut Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Missouri New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico North Carolina Ohio Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Washington Wisconsin Take Action Donate $ Monthly One Time Donate More ways to give Close Search Search Close Trending Pesticides Beyond plastic Kids' health Our work States The Latest Events Resources Media center About Careers Contact us Twitter Facebook Take Action Donate Search Trending Pesticides Beyond plastic Kids' health Take Action Donate $ Monthly One Time Donate More ways to give Nav Close Oceana | Used by permission Beyond plastic Tell Amazon: It’s time to move beyond single-use plastic packaging Tell Amazon: It's time to move beyond single-use plastic packaging Add Your Name PIRG is an advocate for the public interest. We speak out for the public and stand up to special interests on problems that affect the public's health, safety and wellbeing. Get Updates Sign Up The Latest FTC goes after second tax prep firm, H&R BLOCK joins INTUIT TURBOTAX for deceptive claims of “Free tax prep” Consumer alerts FTC goes after second tax prep firm, H&R BLOCK joins INTUIT TURBOTAX for deceptive claims of “Free tax prep” February 27, 2024 STATEMENT: Credit card late fees to fall as CFPB closes loophole Consumer alerts STATEMENT: Credit card late fees to fall as CFPB closes loophole Media Statements ● March 5, 2024 STATEMENT: FDA says PFAS completely phased out of U.S. food packaging Good news STATEMENT: FDA says PFAS completely phased out of U.S. food packaging Media Statements ● February 28, 2024 Updates The Right to Repair Act clears final legislative hurdle, goes to Governor Kotek’s desk Right To Repair The Right to Repair Act clears final legislative hurdle, goes to Governor Kotek’s desk March 4, 2024 UPDATE: Colorado to hear new Right to Repair bill Thursday Right to repair UPDATE: Colorado to hear new Right to Repair bill Thursday February 28, 2024 Environment America, PIRG and Environmental Action submit over 36k public comments calling on the federal government to reduce plastic pollution Beyond Plastic Environment America, PIRG and Environmental Action submit over 36k public comments calling on the federal government to reduce plastic pollution February 26, 2024 See more on the latest What You Can Do Target: Eliminate plastic bags Beyond plastic Target: Eliminate plastic bags Sign the petition Tell the EPA: Ban dangerous, drifting dicamba Toxic threats Tell the EPA: Ban dangerous, drifting dicamba Add Your Name Tell your U.S. senators: Pass health care price transparency Health care Tell your U.S. senators: Pass health care price transparency Take Action What the New Jersey Privacy Act means for you Our online life What the New Jersey Privacy Act means for you The New Jersey privacy law gives you some control over how businesses collect and use your personal data. Here's how to take advantage. Tips & Guides ● March 1, 2024 I like that PIRG digs down and finds ways the system has been rigged against our long-term welfare and tries to translate that into legislative and legal action at the state, local and national levels. Nick Bridge, Member PIRG will keep working until the job’s done PIRG will keep working until the job’s done When I buy something, I think I own it. I don't want to have to ask anyone's permission to open it up and try to fix it. We need to stand up to companies that profit when we throw stuff away We need to stand up to companies that profit when we throw stuff away As there is ever more to be done, I like that WashPIRG works to solve important issues while educating the public about them, and is playing an active role on many fronts. Frank Kroger, Member Solving important issues while educating the public Solving important issues while educating the public I decided to support an organization that doesn’t seem to rely on partisan politics to accomplish goals, and as a pediatrician, I have been especially interested in OSPIRG’s projects that impact the health of children and infants... Patricia Jett, Member I decided to support an organization that doesn’t…rely on partisan politics to accomplish goals I decided to support an organization that doesn’t…rely on partisan politics to accomplish goals Thank you for your hard work, I'm a monthly donor and every bit of it matters. How you handle my money is exactly why I support you. Elizabeth Stackel, member How you handle my money is exactly why I support you. How you handle my money is exactly why I support you. Get Updates We’ll send you email updates with the latest news, valuable resources and opportunities to take action on the issues you care about. Sign Up Our work States Take action Donate The Latest Events Resources Media center About Careers Contact us Donate © 2024 PIRG Privacy policy Twitter Facebook Visit the website of U.S. PIRG Education Fund, our sister 501(c)(3) organization. Close Consumer protection Democracy & government Health Transportation Waste & recycling Toxics Clean water & air Global warming Energy Close Arizona California Colorado Connecticut Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Missouri New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico North Carolina Ohio Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Washington Wisconsin Donate