Linotype: Fonts for Desktop, Web & More Email address is invalid This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Password is invalid Login forgot password? We are moving As part of our commitment to providing a seamless and innovative type experience for our customers and partners, we've made the decision to discontinue Linotype.com over the next year. Our customers deserve a service that offers expertise, discovery, and an unmatched search function. We are unfortunately no longer able to maintain this level of quality on Linotype.com, which were originally built with a more simplified function. Learn More SEND NEW PASSWORD If you cannot remember your account’s password, please enter your e-mail address below. If the e-mail address corresponds to an existing account, the shop system will send a new password to your email account. Email address is invalid Email address is required This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. SEND PASSWORD I remember now! Password link sent successfully. Stencil Moonlight Regular The Source of the Originals Toggle navigation Main Navigation Browse Fonts Overview New Font Releases Best Sellers Foundries and Libraries Fonts by Inspiration Fonts by Categories Compilation Value Packages Platinum Collection Online Publications Font Deals Overview Know How Overview How to buy Fonts How to install Fonts How to use Fonts Non-Latin Fonts Learn about Type OpenType Info Font Technology Bookshop Font Designers Submit Fonts Font Glossary Font FAQ Font Magazine Overview Font News Font Features Font of the Week Fonts in Use Movie Fonts Font Links Font Events Font Management Fonts are great, but having too many fonts can use up precious resources on your device. Font management allows you to install, activate, and deactivate the fonts you need, while keeping your collection organized. Learn how to manage your growing font collection. Advanced search My account Login Sign Up My shopping cart Your cart is empty. ABG Ambiguity ABG Ambiguity ABGAmbiguity Ambiguity Make Your Own Rules. Ambiguity from Monotype Details HN Helvetica Now HN Helvetica Now HNHelvetica Now Helvetica Now The Gold Standard of Type Gets Better – Introducing Helvetica Now from the Monotype Studio Details PL Neue Plak PL Neue Plak PLNeue Plak Neue Plak A neutral sans with extensive options. Also available as Web fonts. Details Uni Univers Next Uni Univers Next UniUnivers Next Univers Next Linotype Univers Next (now Univers Next) is a completely reworked version of the original Univers font family. Also availableas Web fonts. Details Me FF Meta Me FF Meta MeFF Meta FF Meta The best-known and most popular font in the FontFont library: FF Meta, a super family with numerous variants. Also available as Web fonts. Details Moreon sale Ambiguity Make Your Own Rules. Ambiguity from Monotype Helvetica Now The Gold Standard of Type Gets Better – Introducing Helvetica Now from the Monotype Studio Neue Plak A neutral sans with extensive options. Also available as Web fonts. Univers Next Linotype Univers Next (now Univers Next) is a completely reworked version of the original Univers font family. Also availableas Web fonts. FF Meta The best-known and most popular font in the FontFont library: FF Meta, a super family with numerous variants. Also available as Web fonts. Best Sellers Updated Daily. More Santi font family Jamitha font family Total Black font family ArTarumianTeodik font family Finger Stamp font family Nevo font family Current Font Deals An overview of promotions with Linotype fonts and typefaces from many other foundries. More Special offer Try Ambiguity Radical Semibold and Ambiguity Tradition Semibold Italic for FREE. Limited time offer. More Corporate Type Download We offer the possibility to download Corporate Type typefaces within a password protected shopping area. More Exclusive new releases Our exclusive, high quality fonts are available now in our Webshop. More Designer Interview Interview with Akira Kobayashi, the designer of Between. More M Ying Hei, a new Chinese sans serif that blends perfectly with Helvetica as well as other popular Latin sans like Avenir Next, Neue Frutiger or Linotype Univers. More Font Licensing Licences for use with regular Web fonts, Web fonts for Digital Ads, mobile apps, eBooks and servers available from Linotype.com. More Fonts by Inspiration Recommendations for fonts in art nouveau style, structured Grotesques, ad fonts from the 50s and technical designs from the 1970s. More Font Technology How do you find the characters in a pictogram font? More Font Services Company Press Contact FAQ Affiliate Program Site Map Imprint/Legal Monotype Copyright © 2024 Monotype GmbH. All rights reserved. The Source of the Originals Font Services Company Press Contact FAQ Affiliate Program Stay updated with our newsletter Subscribe to Newsletter English de Deutsch fr Français es Español Site Map Imprint/Legal Monotype Copyright © 2024 Monotype GmbH. All rights reserved. The source of the originals