RJI – Donald W. Reynolds Journalism Institute Skip to Content Skip to Navigation Missouri School of Journalism Mizzou Logo RJI University of Missouri Facebook Instagram Linked In Newsletters Twitter YouTube Menu News & events RJI news RJI columns Pictures of the Year (POY) Student Innovation Competition Women in Journalism Workshop RJI weekend newsletter RJI Newsbooks Fellowships Fellows Current fellows About RJI fellowships Residential Nonresidential Institutional How to apply Frequently asked questions Resources Student Innovation Fellowships Programs Aerial Journalism Journalism Digital News Archive (JDNA) Potter Digital Ambassadors Trusting News Project Watchdog Writers Group Applied Research Innovation in Focus Collaboration Toolkit Research of note Source Diversity Tracking Tool About About RJI People Facilities Our timeline Download 10 Innovative Years: 2008–2018 Open Search Search for: Close Search Our toolkit to cover Latino communities Tips and screenshots for each tool, with specific searches Addressing burnout in journalism means flexible shifts, more supportive culture — results of large-scale survey from RJI and SmithGeiger The Reynolds Journalism Institute (RJI) at the Missouri School of Journalism, in partnership with research firm SmithGeiger, today released the results of one of the largest surveys ever conducted on burnout in the journalism industry. Finalists announced in 2024 RJI Student Innovation Competition The Reynolds Journalism Institute at the Missouri School of Journalism has announced the finalists of this year’s Student Innovation Competition. 10 teams from universities around the country are developing a way to help community newsrooms measure the impact of their coverage, all the while competing for a grand prize of $10,000. RJI News March 5, 2024 Introducing ARENA A free bilingual guide to learn to use radio operations in the aftermath of a natural disaster. March 4, 2024 Introducing: A bilingual guide for journalists covering Latino and Spanish-speaking communities Tips, tools, data and useful sources for your coverage. February 29, 2024 Addressing burnout in journalism means flexible shifts, more supportive culture — results of large-scale survey from RJI and SmithGeiger The Reynolds Journalism Institute (RJI) at the Missouri School of Journalism, in partnership with research firm SmithGeiger, today released the results of one of the largest surveys ever conducted on burnout in the journalism industry. February 28, 2024 How to build a board of directors that actually helps By customizing your board to your organization’s needs, you can avoid common pitfalls and maximize support. See all RJI News 2023–2024 Fellows The Donald W. Reynolds Journalism Institute invites proposals from individuals and organizations who wish to partner with us on innovative projects that strengthen journalism's future. Maria Arce Independent Tamoa Calzadilla Factchequeado Stacy Feldman Boulder Reporting Lab Kate Maxwell Mendocino Voice Jennifer Mizgata Independent Arjuna Soriano Media in Color Celia Wu Global Press News Services Ariel Zych Science Friday Meet Our Fellows RJI Spotlight Innovation in Focus Innovation in Focus is a series exploring new tech, tools and methods of storytelling for newsrooms worldwide. We interview experts, test ideas and provide our findings on a different topic each month. RJI Columns RJI works with professionals in diverse fields within the journalism industry to provide keen insights and information. Source Tracking Playbook Are you ready for source tracking? This practical playbook will help you figure out if you, your team, or your organization is ready to start source tracking. Events April 19, 2024 Searching for Truth: When Media and Military Come Together The 2024 Veterans Clinic Symposium, "Searching for Truth: When Media and Military Come Together" is co-hosted by the Reynolds Journalism Institute at the University of Missouri. The … See all Events Follow RJI Facebook Instagram Linked In Newsletters Twitter YouTube News & events RJI news RJI columns Pictures of the Year Student Innovation Competition Women in Journalism Workshop RJI Weekend Newsletter RJI Newsbooks RJI Fellowships Fellows About RJI fellowships Frequently asked questions Resources Student Innovation Fellowships RJI Programs Aerial Journalism Journalism Digital News Archive (JDNA) Potter Digital Ambassadors Trusting News Watchdog Writers Group Applied Research Innovation in Focus Source Diversity Tracking Tool Source Tracking Playbook About RJI People Facilities Our timeline Download 10 Innovative Years: 2008–2018 Donald W. Reynolds Journalism Institute 401 S. Ninth St.Administrative Offices, Suite 300, Columbia MO 65211 573-884-9121 rji@rjionline.org Search for: Mizzou Logo University of Missouri © 2024 — Curators of the University of Missouri. All rights reserved. DMCA and other copyright information. Privacy policy MU is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to Title IX and 34 CFR Part 106. For more information, visit MU’s Nondiscrimination Policy or the Office of Institutional Equity.