Welcome to Volvo Trucks We noticed that you are using a browser that is no longer supported by our system, to enjoy the full Volvo experience consider changing browser x Trucks Search + 46 31 66 60 00 Volvo Trucks Stores Global + 46 31 66 60 00 Volvo Trucks Stores Global About us Who we are What we believe in Our responsibility Our values Our heritage Corporate information Facts and figures Career Part of Volvo Group Electromobility Our design News & insights Industry insights Volvo Trucks Stories Press releases Contact press Media gallery Trucks All models Volvo FH16 Aero Volvo FH Aero Volvo FH16 Volvo FH Volvo FMX Volvo FM Volvo FE Volvo FL Volvo VM The all-new Volvo VNL Volvo VNR series Volvo VNX Series Volvo VHD Series Volvo VAH Series Used trucks Electric trucks Volvo FH Aero Electric Volvo FH Electric Volvo FMX Electric Volvo FM Electric Volvo FM Low Entry Volvo FE Electric Volvo FL Electric Why electric trucks? FAQ Gas-powered trucks Volvo FH Aero gas-powered Volvo FH gas-powered Volvo FM gas-powered Volvo FE CNG Information and tools Driver Guide Media hub Truck builder Environmental footprint calculator The Extended Family Services Parts & accessories Genuine Volvo Parts Accessories Volvo Reman Volvo Trucks stores Vehicle service Volvo Service Contracts Genuine Volvo Service Service Planning Roadside Assistance Fleet management Volvo Connect Uptime Fuel & Energy Efficiency Compliance and Data Safety & Security Assets Management Transport Operations Driver support Driver development My Truck App Driver Guide Financial products Financing Insurance Volvo Truck Rental Dealer Locator Contact us World sales representatives Asia Europe Latin America Middle East / Africa Find your local dealer Contact forms Contact quality Contact safety Contact environment Contact press Content blocked Change your cookie settings to proceed Say hi to the extended family. Meet them here Welcome to Volvo Trucks Find out more about what we do, get to know our trucks and services, and read the latest news, company info and press releases. Trucks Get to know our trucks and explore the wide range of choices and details available. Explore the trucks News & insights The latest news from Volvo Trucks. Here you'll find stories, insights from industry experts, case studies and way more. Read the stories Press releases Browse the latest press releases from Volvo Trucks. Latest Press Release Latest Press Release Press release 2024-01-31 January 31, 2024 Volvo introduces its first ever electric-only truck – optimized for cleaner and safer city transports Volvo launches its first truck model ever developed only with electric drive. With capacity for heavy loads and excellent visibility for the driver, FM Low Entry is an electric truck optimized for safe and efficient driving in city areas. Press release 2024-01-30 January 30, 2024 New, more powerful engine for Volvo FH16 gives maximized productivity Volvo Trucks is introducing a new engine for its iconic FH16 truck. With up to 780 Hp and 3800 Nm, the new 17-litre engine can handle the toughest transport assignments with ease, while delivering outstanding fuel efficiency and durability. The new engine is certified to run on biofuels. Press release 2024-01-29 January 29, 2024 The Volvo FH Aero is here – a new benchmark for energy efficient heavy-duty trucks Volvo Trucks’ iconic FH truck range gets a new family member with the Volvo FH Aero. With aerodynamic design and innovative features, the FH Aero offers energy efficiency at a new level, available in four variants including biofuel and the award-winning electric version. Read more press releases Subscribe to Volvo Trucks Press releases Privacy policy Volvo Trucks cares about our contacts and in relation to GDPR we want to inform you on how and why we are storing information about you in our systems, please read more here. "I consent to Volvo Trucks sending me press releases through email containing the latest news and information about Volvo Trucks". Subscribe Visit your market site You're currently browsing the Volvo Trucks global site. To find information which is more specific to your own location, you can navigate to one of your individual market sites. Follow the link below to find out what we're doing near you. Select your market About Volvo Trucks Quality Safety Environmental care Corporate Social Responsibility Emergency Response Guide Trucks & Services New Trucks Used Trucks Our Services Agreements & Warranty Follow Volvo Trucks Facebook Youtube Instagram X LinkedIn Contact & Locations Find your local site Find your local dealer Contact Volvo Trucks Copyright AB Volvo 2024 www.volvogroup.com Privacy Cookies