AdGuard — World's most advanced adblocker! Menu Home AdGuard Ad Blocker Windows app Mac app Android app Android TV iOS app Browser extension AdGuard VPN Official site Windows app Mac app Android app iOS app Browser extension All products Blog AdGuard DNS Official site About DNS Public DNS Blog Other products AdGuard Home AdGuard for iOS Pro AdGuard Content Blocker AdGuard for Safari AdGuard Assistant AdGuard Temp Mail All products Products AdGuard Ad Blocker Blocks ads, trackers, phishing, and web annoyances Windows app Mac app Android app Android TV iOS app Browser extension AdGuard VPN Makes you anonymous and your traffic inconspicuous Official site Windows app Mac app Android app iOS app Browser extension All products Blog AdGuard DNS A cloud-based DNS service that blocks ads and protects your privacy Official site About DNS Public DNS Blog Other products Other tools for content blocking AdGuard Home AdGuard for iOS Pro AdGuard Content Blocker AdGuard for Safari AdGuard Assistant AdGuard Temp Mail All products Blog Support Purchase Purchase Log in EN Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Český Беларуская Русский Українська فارسی 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) 日本語 한국어 Support Log in Open Data Day flash sale Up to 40% off AdGuard licenses: search for open data without ads and trackers Grab the deal Open Data Day flash sale Grab the deal AdGuard Ad Blocker 4.7 out of 5 (12,844 12844 reviews) Surf the Web ad-free and safely. Shield up! Blocks all kinds of ads Removes annoying web elements Saves traffic and speeds up page loading Works for browsers and apps Maintains site functionality and appearance Learn more By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement macOS app Windows app Android app iOS app Browser extension Watch video Surf the Web ad-free and safely. Shield up! AdGuard for iOS App Store By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Learn more 12,844 12844 reviews Excellent AdGuard for Android Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Learn more 12,844 12844 reviews Excellent AdGuard is the best way to get rid of intrusive ads and online tracking, and to protect your computer from malware. Make your web surfing faster, safer and more comfortable with AdGuard! User Reviews: 4.7 out of 5 Download Learn more Learn more Ad Blocking AdGuard wipes out annoying banners, pop-ups, and video ads. Privacy Protection AdGuard shields your data from web analytics and online trackers. Browsing Security AdGuard protects against phishing and malicious sites. Parental Control AdGuard shields children from inappropriate and adult content. Total app rating 4.7/5 More than 12000 app reviews! We love our users and they love us back. 12,844 12844 user reviews Excellent! anonym Always works. Keeps my online activity free from disturbances. Jamas Works great, been using it for years now Shades.of.Redd Can’t say how much AdGuard has helped me power through the excess ant YouTube videos. It’s all I use it for. And it serves its purpose well. The only reason it’s 4 stars is because I’ve noticed that the volume is cut down excessively when I open You1 dietpepsiii Simple and easy to use. Vas 9020 I used another adblock for years but I chose adguard because of their trusty name & so far it works like a charm with Yandex browser it collects lots of trackers by default, yet you can tweak it to stop more. Im happier now I see the ads blocked. Th1 Haap P.S. Yes,I use in on Windows( for years) now on 11 x64 and Google Android ,Oscal and Huawei ,and all the extensions for windows browsers....I forgot to mention this. Write a review Why AdGuard? AdGuard app Common extension Blocks online ads Most ad blockers today are pretty effective at what they do. AdGuard app Yes Browser extension Yes Keeps pages looking good and functional Most modern ad blockers can maintain page functionality and integrity after removing ad sections. AdGuard app Yes Browser extension Yes Saves traffic and speeds up loading Compared to ad-blocking extensions, AdGuard filters ads before they get pulled by your browser to your device. Pages load faster and consume less traffic. AdGuard app Yes Browser extension Partly Removes annoyances AdGuard has filters for such annoying elements as signup forms and online consultants. AdGuard app Yes Browser extension Partly Works for any browser or app AdGuard filters traffic not only in browsers, but also in other applications on your device. AdGuard app Yes Browser extension No Technical support Our support team is always ready to answer your questions or help with an issue. AdGuard app Yes Browser extension No FAQ What’s an ad blocker? An ad blocker is a program designed to make the Web cleaner and safer and protect your privacy. AdGuard blocks pop-up ads, banners, and video ads — even on YouTube. It removes cookies and tracking requests. It knows what websites are dangerous and ensures you don’t visit any of them. Why is AdGuard better than other ad blockers? Most ad blockers are browser extensions that can’t remove all types of ads. If you’re using more than one browser, you’ll need to install an ad-blocking extension for each of them. And if you want to block ads in apps, you just won’t be able to. AdGuard offers apps for Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac. With them, you can block ads in browsers and apps, prevent websites and companies from tracking you, and protect yourself from phishing and malware. AdGuard also speeds up page loading, allows you to manage DNS servers and web requests, and has in-app support. You can learn more from our comparison table. How do I install AdGuard? We have apps for all popular platforms. AdGuard for Windows, Mac, and Android can be downloaded directly from this page. AdGuard for iOS is available on the App Store. Installation shouldn't be a problem, but you can always check the instructions in our Knowledge base. Does AdGuard have free versions? Our full-fledged apps for Windows, Mac, and Android offer you a free trial — that’s how you can discover all the features AdGuard has to offer. Our apps for Android and iOS also have free versions. They can be helpful as well: the free version of AdGuard for Android can block ads in browsers, and the free version of AdGuard for iOS blocks ads and trackers in Safari. But their functionality is limited: to block ads in apps, control DNS requests, protect yourself from malicious domains, and more, you’ll need a full version. AdGuard also has completely free browser extensions. To learn more about the difference between the AdGuard extensions and full-fledged apps, check out our comparison table. Can I use AdGuard on multiple devices? Sure! AdGuard supports all popular platforms: Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac. The best way to use AdGuard on multiple devices is to buy a license, download the AdGuard app for the needed platform, and log in to it with your license key or AdGuard account credentials. Why do I need to buy a license? You don’t necessarily have to buy a license to use AdGuard. But here are some ideas about how it can make your life better: A license gives you access to advanced features of AdGuard for Android or iOS: ad blocking in apps, DNS protection, firewall, statistics, app management, and others. It also allows you to use AdGuard for Windows and Mac. With a license, you can use AdGuard on multiple devices and thus protect your family and friends. If you like AdGuard, that’s how you can support us. Can I gift AdGuard to a friend? Sure! You can buy a license on a special page and enter the recipient's email — we'll send them a license with a nice gift card. Discounts are applied to gift licenses, too. Is it safe to use AdGuard? We’ve been developing privacy-oriented products since 2009 and have more than 70 million users worldwide. We never share your personal information with anyone and only collect strictly necessary data to run our websites and apps. You can read more in our Privacy policy. Where can I read more about AdGuard? If you want to know more about how exactly AdGuard products work, what filters are, how to create your own filtering rules, and more, check out our Knowledge base. For industry news, AdGuard releases, and promos, you can visit our blog. And if you’d like, you can watch our explanatory videos on AdGuard’s YouTube channel or follow us on social media. I like AdGuard. How can I support you? You can share AdGuard with your friends. Whether you buy more licenses and connect your loved ones to AdGuard, buy a license as a gift, share our posts on social networks, or just advise our products to someone you care about — we’re always glad to show more people how beautiful the safe and ad-free Web is. You can rate us in app stores and on our website. That’s how we know we’re on the right track. You can also become our contributor: maybe you’re good at translating, know how to improve our filters or the Knowledge base, or want to become a beta tester? We are grateful to our contributors and reward them in return — with AdGuard licenses and gifts. Who do I contact if I have questions? For any questions, you can always contact us at support@adguard.com. Windows Mac Android iOS AdGuard for Windows AdGuard for Windows is more than an ad blocker. It is a multipurpose tool that blocks ads, controls access to dangerous sites, speeds up page loading, and protects children from inappropriate content. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more AdGuard for Mac AdGuard for Mac is a unique ad blocker designed with macOS in mind. In addition to protecting you from annoying ads in browsers and apps, it shields you from tracking, phishing, and fraud. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more AdGuard for Android AdGuard for Android is a perfect solution for Android devices. Unlike most other ad blockers, AdGuard doesn't require root access and provides a wide range of app management options. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Scan QR code AdGuard for iOS The most advanced ad blocker for Safari: it makes you forget about pop-up ads, speeds up page loading, and protects your personal data. A manual element-blocking tool and highly customizable settings help you tailor the filtering to your exact needs. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 App Store By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Scan QR code AdGuard Browser Extension AdGuard is the fastest and most lightweight ad blocking extension that effectively blocks all types of ads on all web pages! Choose AdGuard for the browser you use and get ad-free, fast and safe browsing. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Read more AdGuard for Safari Ad blocking extensions for Safari are having hard time since Apple started to force everyone to use the new SDK. AdGuard extension is supposed to bring back the high quality ad blocking back to Safari. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 App Store Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement AdGuard Home AdGuard Home is a network-wide software for blocking ads & tracking. After you set it up, it’ll cover ALL your home devices, and you don’t need any client-side software for that. With the rise of Internet-Of-Things and connected devices, it becomes more and more important to be able to control your whole network. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 How it works AdGuard Content Blocker AdGuard Content Blocker will eliminate all kinds of ads in mobile browsers that support content blocker technology — namely, Samsung Internet and Yandex.Browser. While being more limited than AdGuard for Android, it is free, easy to install and still provides high ad blocking quality. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Google Play By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Read more AdGuard Assistant A companion browser extension for AdGuard [desktop apps](/en/products.html). It offers an in-browser access to such features as custom element blocking, allowlisting a website or sending a report. User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Assistant for Chrome Is it your current browser? Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Assistant for Firefox Is it your current browser? Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Assistant for Edge Is it your current browser? Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Assistant for Opera Is it your current browser? Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Assistant for Yandex Is it your current browser? Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Assistant for Safari Is it your current browser? Included with AdGuard for macOS If you can't find your browser, try the old legacy Assistant version, which you can find in AdGuard extension settings. AdGuard Temp Mail β A free temporary email address generator that keeps you anonymous and protects your privacy. No spam in your main inbox! User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Read more AdGuard for Android TV AdGuard for Android TV is the only app that blocks ads, guards your privacy, and acts as a firewall for your Smart TV. Get warnings about web threats, use secure DNS, and benefit from encrypted traffic. Relax and dive into your favorite shows with top-notch security and zero ads! User Reviews: 12844 4.7 out of 5 Buy AdGuard Free extension for your browser AdGuard will wipe out ads from your Chrome browser. Block ads in Mozilla Firefox with AdGuard. Block ads in Safari with AdGuard. Block ads in Edge with AdGuard. Block ads in Opera with AdGuard. Block ads in Yandex.Browser with AdGuard. chrome firefox safari edge opera yandex Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Benefits of AdGuard for Сhrome: Removes ads and blocks tracking Blocks all known malicious and dangerous websites Saves traffic and speeds up page loading Protects personal data and blocks all online trackers that try to spy on you Benefits of AdGuard for Firefox: Protection against ads. AdGuard can permanently remove ads from Firefox. It blocks pre-rolls on YouTube and other websites, annoying banners and other ads before they get to your device. Protection of personal data. AdGuard is aware of the many counters and tracking systems. None of them will spy on you online, your personal data will be safe. Faster connection. See how quickly web pages load once AdGuard cleans them of unnecessary elements. Protection against phishing and malware. AdGuard blocks potentially dangerous sites. Benefits of AdGuard for Safari: Blocks all kinds of ads: banners, text ads, flash animations, pre-rolls, pop-ups, and more Protects Safari users from suspicious sites and malware and maintains their device security Blocks online trackers and analytics systems Reduces page loading time: it removes all unnecessary items from Safari, and the browser speeds up Benefits of AdGuard for Edge: Makes working in Microsoft Edge ad-free, enjoyable, and safe Focuses on keeping your personal data safe. AdGuard blocks immediately any web counters and tracking mechanisms Speeds up your web browsing Ensures that you avoid potentially dangerous sites. With AdGuard, you can feel safe and secure. Benefits of AdGuard for Opera: Blocks all ads in Opera, including video ads on YouTube and other platforms, rich media ads, pop-ups, banners, and more Blocks spyware, malware, and adware Protects your personal data by blocking all online tracking systems Speeds up page loading by blocking ads and pop-ups Benefits of AdGuard for Yandex.Browser: AdGuard removes all banners, pop-ups and even annoying YouTube pre-rolls. You get a truly clean Internet experience. AdGuard can protect you from all kinds of online threats including malicious, fraudulent, and phishing sites. Your personal data stays safe thanks to our special filter that blocks all known counters and web analytics. Since data gets no longer wasted on ads, websites load almost instantly. chrome firefox safari edge opera yandex Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Install By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Latest news Mar 5, 2024 Top private web browsers and how to set them up for maximum protection: AdGuard guide There are browsers of all stripes, and each claims to be the most privacy-respecting. We've picked some, such as Firefox and Safari, and looked under their hood. Mar 1, 2024 AdGuard’s Digest: Avast’s double-dealing, Meta’s ‘smokescreen’ privacy fee, and push alerts risks Police turns to push notifications data to trace suspects, Meta is creating a "smokescreen" in Europe, and Avast is accused of selling user data. Feb 22, 2024 ChatGPT-based search engine: a Google Search challenger, finally? ChatGPT maker OpenAI is said to be preparing to take on Google with a new search product, A worthy challenger for Google Search, finally? Feb 16, 2024 AdGuard’s digest: Data-hungry cars, sneaky Apple breaking web apps, Google’s sex shop privacy claim, and more Toyota spies on drivers, Apple is breaking apps, Google is sued over sex shop searches, and US government want to protect the average Joe against deepfakes. Read more Subscribe to our news Be the first to get the latest news about online privacy and ad blocking, AdGuard product releases, special offers, giveaways, and more. Email Please check the email: it looks incorrect Subscribe I accept AdGuard’s EULA and Privacy Policy AdGuard in the press Learn more More than 70,000,000 users have already installed AdGuard AdGuard users visit all sorts of websites and are free of unwanted ads! Download By downloading the program you accept the terms of the License agreement Articles on AdGuard features Oct 1, 2020 Refunds for paid subscriptions and software: how to get them, and how not to need them If you forgot to cancel a paid subscription, you can get a refund from the merchant even if they aren’t legally obliged to return the money. Besides, there are options to avoid this problem, one of them — virtual bank cards. Sep 30, 2020 Virtual bank cards for managing corporate finance: best b2b solutions A corporate credit card is obsolete and inconvenient: there is what fintech companies have to offer instead. May 14, 2021 Getting rid of paid subscriptions: not as easy as apple pie Cancelling unwanted paid subscriptions is an essential part of the control over personal finance. Discover the ways to manage subscriptions on all kinds of Apple devices. Apr 30, 2021 Top virtual prepaid cards providers you can trust: prices and features A virtual bank card is a safe and convenient payment method for online purchases, subscriptions, and other transactions. We compared iCard, Ramp, US Unlocked, Netspend, Skrill, and other providers. Read more Downloading AdGuard To install AdGuard, click the file indicated by the arrow Select "Open" and click "OK", then wait for the file to be downloaded. In the opened window, drag the AdGuard icon to the "Applications" folder. Thank you for choosing AdGuard! Select "Open" and click "OK", then wait for the file to be downloaded. In the opened window, click "Install". Thank you for choosing AdGuard! Install AdGuard on your mobile device © 2009–2024 Adguard Software Ltd. Site map Social Media AdGuard Homepage About In the press Media kits Awards Acknowledgements Blog Articles Discuss Support AdGuard AdGuard promo activities Products AdGuard for Windows AdGuard for Android AdGuard for Android TV AdGuard for Mac AdGuard for iOS AdGuard for iOS Pro AdGuard Home AdGuard for Safari AdGuard Assistant AdGuard Browser Extension AdGuard Content Blocker Version history Other products AdGuard DNS AdGuard VPN AdGuard Temp Mail β All products Support Support Center Knowledge base Report an issue Check any website AdGuard status Test page License Purchase license Recover license Get free license Distribution Contribute to AdGuard Licenses for developers AdGuard for schools and colleges Beta testing program Legal documents EULA Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms of sale AdGuard Homepage About In the press Media kits Awards Acknowledgements Blog Articles Discuss Support AdGuard AdGuard promo activities Products AdGuard for Windows AdGuard for Android AdGuard for Android TV AdGuard for Mac AdGuard for iOS AdGuard for iOS Pro AdGuard Home AdGuard for Safari AdGuard Assistant AdGuard Browser Extension AdGuard Content Blocker Version history Other products AdGuard DNS AdGuard VPN AdGuard Temp Mail β All products Support Support Center Knowledge base Report an issue Check any website AdGuard status Test page License Purchase license Recover license Get free license Distribution Contribute to AdGuard Licenses for developers AdGuard for schools and colleges Beta testing program Legal documents EULA Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms of sale