Manning browse home browse cart log in catalog MEAP liveBook liveVideo liveProject liveAudio free content register pBook subscription Build Your First Microservice—Save 45% TODAY ONLY! Dismiss view your dashboard manage account details sign out subscribe today to enjoy all our content. all the time. sign up for Deal of the Day, Weekly Newsletters and more free books! enjoy free content compliments of our partners! Articles based on books in progress FREE eBOOK WITH EVERY PRINT BOOK Buy a Manning pBook anywhere, get the eBook free here. Previous Next 1 1 1 Manning Early Access Program In MEAP, you get early access to books and liveVideos as they’re being created. You get new content as it’s available and the finished product the instant it’s ready. × 1 1 1 New & Hot AI Reality and Illusion Build Financial Software with Generative AI Build a Large Language Model (From Scratch) Generative AI for the IT Pro Machine Learning for Drug Discovery PostgreSQL Mistakes and How to Avoid Them Terraform in Depth Data AI Reality and Illusion AI-Assisted Data Science AI-Assisted Testing AI-Powered Search Automate Everyday Tasks with ChatGPT Plus Build a Large Language Model (From Scratch) Causal AI Causal Inference for Data Science Data Storytelling with Generative AI Deep Learning with JAX Deep Learning with PyTorch, Second Edition DuckDB in Action Effective Data Analysis Everyday Data Visualization Fight Fraud with Machine Learning Generative AI for Data Analytics Generative AI in Action Graph Neural Networks in Action Grokking Data Structures Knowledge Graphs Applied LLMs in Production Machine Learning Algorithms in Depth Machine Learning for Drug Discovery Machine Learning on Tabular Data Machine Learning System Design Math and Architectures of Deep Learning Natural Language Processing in Action, Second Edition Optimization Algorithms Software Engineering for Data Scientists Solve Any Data Analysis Problem The Complete Obsolete Guide to Generative AI Unsupervised Learning with Generative AI Development "Looks Good to Me" 100 SQL Server Mistakes and How to Avoid Them 100 TypeScript Mistakes and How to Avoid Them 12 Twisted Python Projects for Young Coders AI-Powered Developer AI-Powered WordPress Automating API Delivery Bootstrapping Microservices, Second Edition Build a Robo-Advisor with Python (From Scratch) Build an Orchestrator in Go (From Scratch) Build Financial Software with Generative AI Building User-Friendly DSLs Classic Game Programming on the NES Clojure, The Essential Reference Collaborative Software Design Creating Intelligent Products Django in Action Elliptic Curve Cryptography for Developers F# in Action Fluent Bit with Kubernetes Functional Design and Architecture Generative AI for the IT Pro Go by Example Go in Action, Second Edition Grokking Relational Database Design Hacking Cryptography Job-Ready React Kafka Streams in Action, Second Edition Lead Developer Career Guide Learn Generative AI with PyTorch Learn Go with Pocket-Sized Projects Learn Haskell by Example Learning C++ New & Hot AI Reality and Illusion Build Financial Software with Generative AI Build a Large Language Model (From Scratch) Generative AI for the IT Pro Machine Learning for Drug Discovery PostgreSQL Mistakes and How to Avoid Them Terraform in Depth Development Modern Angular Modern C, Third Edition Object-Oriented Software Design in C++ Pandas Workout PostgreSQL Mistakes and How to Avoid Them Refactoring to Rust Road to Kubernetes Robotics for Programmers Rust Design Patterns ScyllaDB in Action Securing the Software Supply Chain Simple Object-Oriented Design Streaming Data Pipelines with Kafka Terraform in Depth The Tao of Microservices, Second Edition Transformers in Action Write Powerful Rust Macros ​C# Concurrency General Cyber Threat Hunting How Computers Make Books Think Like a Tech Founder Java/JVM 100 Java Mistakes and How to Avoid Them Kotlin in Action, Second Edition Spring Security in Action, Second Edition Microsoft & .NET .NET in Action, Second Edition Learn PowerShell Scripting in a Month of Lunches, Second Edition Learn SQL in a Month of Lunches Microsoft Azure in Action Tiny PowerShell Projects Operations & Cloud Acing the CCNA Exam Designing Microservices Kubernetes in Action, Second Edition Quarkus in Action Road to Kubernetes Securing Cloud Applications Snowflake Data Engineering Surviving Kubernetes Deployments as an Application Developer Think Like a Software Engineering Manager Web Build a Frontend Web Framework (From Scratch) Build a Website with ChatGPT CSS in Depth, Second Edition D3.js in Action, Third Edition Grokking Web Application Security OpenID Connect in Action Pro Angular 16 The Design of Web APIs, Second Edition Close MEAP catalog What is a liveProject? Master these skills today Use Kafka and Spark to Process Real-Time Reports Detect Anomalies in Mission-Critical Energy Data Use Rust to Master 4 Essential Algorithms find a liveProject liveProject the best way to learn is by doing Learn skills by completing real-world projects in your local development environment. Solve practical problems, write working code, analyze real data, check your solution against the author's. You learn by doing. Get just enough help to succeed. A liveProject includes layers of help in the form of hints, reading suggestions and solutions. Just as your parent steadied your bike when you first learned to ride, our support helps you succeed. Learn technology the way you learn to ride a bike! find liveProject 1 6 9 liveVideos are online courses with tests, exercises, and code tryouts alongside. This is a just-released platform to learn and grow your skills. × 1 6 9 Close liveVideo catalog 1 2 Manning Bundles Save big on Manning books and liveVideo courses with our exclusive bundles! Each bundle is carefully curated to enhance your skills in a key subject area. DID YOU KNOW? upgrades an eBook can be upgraded to a pBook for just $12 + shipping. write a book create a liveProject FREE eBOOK WITH EVERY PRINT BOOK Buy a Manning pBook anywhere, get the eBook free here. sign up for Deal of the Day, Weekly Newsletters and more DID YOU KNOW? upgrades an eBook can be upgraded to a pBook for just $12 + shipping. write a book create a liveProject free books! enjoy free content compliments of our partners! recent releases FREE eBOOK WITH EVERY PRINT BOOK Buy a Manning pBook anywhere, get the eBook free here. sign up for Deal of the Day, Weekly Newsletters and more BestsellersFebruary 25, 2024 PostgreSQL Mistakes and How to Avoid Them Build a Large Language Model (From Scratch) Grokking Algorithms, Second Edition Architecture Modernization Generative AI for the IT Pro Elixir in Action, Third Edition Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches Introduction to Generative AI Terraform in Depth AI Reality and Illusion recently published Data Graph Algorithms for Data Science Introduction to Generative AI Statistics Slam Dunk Databases A Storage Layer for Big Data in AWS Development Architecture Modernization Build Your First Microservice Build Your Own Robot Code Like a Pro in Rust Elixir in Action, Third Edition Grokking Algorithms, Second Edition Learn C++ by Example Development Learn Rust in a Month of Lunches The Art of Unit Testing, Third Edition General Acing the System Design Interview Operations & Cloud A Storage Layer for Big Data in AWS Kubernetes for Developers Programming A Storage Layer for Big Data in AWS Python A Storage Layer for Big Data in AWS Web Build Your First Microservice Web Design Playground, Second Edition Articles based on books in progress Manning Publications reviews read more 4.7 overall satisfaction rating based on 52,378 ratings 5 41K+ (76%) 4 8,850 (16%) 3 2,297 (4%) 2 528 (1%) 1 556 (1%) 41K+ ratings minimize about Manning MEAP liveBook liveVideo liveProject liveAudio eBooks subscriptions tokens our covers geekle info & inquiries site reviews user group program write a book create a liveProject academic distributors careers manuscript reviews affiliate program news help register pBook placing an order shipping & returns why buy from Manning? faq contact support legal privacy terms of use eBook license source code translations Subscribe to our Newsletter Manning on LinkedIn Manning on Instagram Manning on Facebook Manning on Twitter Manning on YouTube Manning on Twitch Manning on Mastodon © 2024 Manning Publications Co. All rights reserved. how to play guess the geekle in 5-, 6-, 7- tries. each guess must be a valid 4-6 letter tech word. hit enter to submit. after each guess, the color of the tiles will change to show how close your guess was to the word. examples geekle is based on a wordle clone. geekle based on wordle RECENTLY VIEWED