Developer.com: Latest News & Tutorials for Software Developers Java Enterprise Java Web-based Java Data & Java EJB Python Project Management JavaScript Microsoft & .NET Visual Basic .NET Visual C# ASP Languages CSS Perl PHP Ruby / Rails XML Mobile Android Java ME Java Mobile Guides Architecture & Design Open Source Cloud Database Web Services Security Voice News Search FacebookLinkedinTwitter FacebookLinkedinTwitter Java Enterprise Java Web-based Java Data & Java EJB Python Project Management JavaScript Microsoft & .NET Visual Basic .NET Visual C# ASP Languages CSS Perl PHP Ruby / Rails XML Mobile Android Java ME Java Mobile Guides Architecture & Design Open Source Cloud Database Web Services Security Voice News More Search Home Homepage Homepage Top Articles How to Become a Project Manager in 2023 Project Management 9 Best Scrum Alliance Certifications of 2023 Project Management Python Database Basics Python Understanding Types of Thread Synchronization Errors in Java Java Project Management What Is the Role of a Project... Project managers play a vital role in software development. Learn how project managers help to ensure successful software development projects. Nicholas Rini - December 25, 2023 Java How to use Optional in Java Joydip Kanjilal - December 8, 2023 Java's Optional class is a powerful tool for reducing the number of NullPointerExceptions in your code. Learn how to use Optional in Java. Project Management Overview of the JAD Methodology Joydip Kanjilal - December 8, 2023 Learn about the Joint Application Development (JAD) methodology and the benefits to software development and project management. Programming Guides Python Python Database Basics Ronnie Payne - November 28, 2023 Learn the basics of Python databases and how to use them. Explore the different types of databases, how to connect to them, and how to query them. Languages 3 Best Bug Tracking Tools for Java in 2023 Enrique Corrales - November 17, 2023 Discover the 3 best bug tracking tools for Java. Learn how to find, track, and fix bugs in your Java applications quickly and efficiently. JavaScript 11 Tips for WordPress Developers Enrique Corrales - November 17, 2023 WordPress developers need to stay up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies. Here are 11 tips to help WordPress developers stay ahead of the curve. Java How to use Optional in Java Java's Optional class is a powerful tool for reducing the number of NullPointerExceptions in your code. Learn how to use Optional in Java. Java Understanding Types of Thread Synchronization Errors in Java Multithreading is a powerful concept in Java, allowing programs to execute multiple threads concurrently. However, this ability places the onus of managing synchronization, ensuring... Java Understanding Memory Consistency in Java Threads Memory consistency in Java is a concept that ensures that all threads see the same view of memory. Learn about memory consistency in Java and how it works. Java Microsoft and .Net 14 Tips for Working with Visual Studio Visual Studio is a powerful development environment. Learn 14 tips to help you get the most out of Visual Studio and make your development process efficient. Languages Working with Data Types in C# We discuss how to work with the different data types and data structures in C#. Learn about type casting, type conversion and variables. Microsoft & .NET JetBrains ReSharper IDE Review A review of the integrated development environment (IDE) ReSharper from JetBrains. Learn about its features, pricing, benefits, and cons. .NET Developing for Mobile Java Best Online Courses for Mobile Development Nicholas Rini - August 3, 2023 We discuss some of the top online courses to learn mobile development. Learn how to create apps from scratch. Mobile Best Gantt Chart Software for Mobile Developers Enrique Corrales - July 13, 2023 A look at some of the best Gantt chart software for mobile developers. Learn about features of Gantt tools for mobile app developers. Mobile Top Tools for Mobile Developers Enrique Corrales - September 22, 2022 Having a great, innovative idea is just one piece of the puzzle to creating the next big hit as a mobile app. Once that... Open Source What Is the Role of a Project Manager in Software Development? Project managers play a vital role in software development. Learn how project managers help to ensure successful software development projects. Project Management How to use Optional in Java Java's Optional class is a powerful tool for reducing the number of NullPointerExceptions in your code. Learn how to use Optional in Java. Java Overview of the JAD Methodology Learn about the Joint Application Development (JAD) methodology and the benefits to software development and project management. Project Management Cloud and Web What Is the Role of a Project Manager in Software Development? Project managers play a vital role in software development. Learn how project managers help to ensure successful software development projects. Project Management How to use Optional in Java Java's Optional class is a powerful tool for reducing the number of NullPointerExceptions in your code. Learn how to use Optional in Java. Java Overview of the JAD Methodology Learn about the Joint Application Development (JAD) methodology and the benefits to software development and project management. Project Management Developer.com features tutorials, news, and how-tos focused on topics relevant to software engineers, web developers, programmers, and product managers of development teams. In addition to covering the most popular programming languages today, we publish reviews and round-ups of developer tools that help devs reduce the time and money spent developing, maintaining, and debugging their applications. This includes coverage of software management systems and project management (PM) software - all aimed at helping to shorten the software development lifecycle (SDL). FacebookLinkedinTwitter Advertisers Advertise with TechnologyAdvice on Developer.com and our other developer-focused platforms. Advertise with Us Menu Privacy Policy Terms About Contact Advertise California – Do Not Sell My Information Our Brands Privacy Policy Terms About Contact Advertise California – Do Not Sell My Information Property of TechnologyAdvice. © 2022 TechnologyAdvice. All Rights Reserved Advertiser Disclosure: Some of the products that appear on this site are from companies from which TechnologyAdvice receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site including, for example, the order in which they appear. TechnologyAdvice does not include all companies or all types of products available in the marketplace. ×