SOM - State of Michigan Skip to main content State of Michigan State of Michigan Online Services About Michigan About Michigan collapsed link Government Government collapsed link Residents Business Job Seekers Job Seekers collapsed link Social Media MiNewswire Online Services Go to Online Services About Michigan Go to About Michigan Michigan Counties State Symbols Songs and Emblems Michigan Counties Go to Michigan Counties State Symbols Songs and Emblems Go to State Symbols Songs and Emblems Government Go to Government State License Search Branches of Government Local Government Forms Search Michigan State Capitol State Facilities State Holidays State License Search Go to State License Search Branches of Government Go to Branches of Government Executive Branch Judicial Branch Legislative Branch Tribal Government Local Government Forms Search Go to Local Government Forms Search Michigan State Capitol Go to Michigan State Capitol State Facilities Go to State Facilities State Holidays Go to State Holidays Residents Go to Residents Business Go to Business Job Seekers Go to Job Seekers State of Michigan Employment State of Michigan Employment Go to State of Michigan Employment Social Media Go to Social Media MiNewswire Go to MiNewswire Online Services About Michigan Government Residents Business Job Seekers Social Media MiNewswire Back Online Services Back About Michigan Michigan Counties State Symbols Songs and Emblems Back Michigan Counties Back State Symbols Songs and Emblems Back Government State License Search Branches of Government Local Government Forms Search Michigan State Capitol State Facilities State Holidays Back State License Search Back Branches of Government Executive Branch Judicial Branch Legislative Branch Tribal Government Back Local Government Forms Search Back Michigan State Capitol Back State Facilities Back State Holidays Back Residents Back Business Back Job Seekers State of Michigan Employment Back State of Michigan Employment Back Social Media Back MiNewswire View Result for: State of Michigan All Michigan.gov Sites /som Back to State of Michigan Search is currently unavailable. Please try again later. Popular on michigan.gov Agriculture and Rural Development Civil Rights Environment Health and Human Services Natural Resources Secretary of State How Do I... Register to Vote Renew My License Plate View assistance programs Unsupported Browser Detected The web Browser you are currently using is unsupported, and some features of this site may not work as intended. Please update to a modern browser such as Chrome, Firefox or Edge to experience all features Michigan.gov has to offer. Supported Browsers Google Chrome Safari Microsoft Edge Firefox State of Michigan State of Michigan Play Outline Filled Icon Pause Outline Filled Icon CkfgnW8k4o8 State of Michigan Explore State of Michigan popular resources and services Photo of the Michigan State Capitol Dome. View State Agencies Explore executive branch departments and agencies. View State Agencies Photo of Michigan flag flying in the wind. Explore Our Open Data Portal View and analyze data provided by a variety of state agencies. Visit the Open Michigan Data Portal Image of a older woman sitting on a couch looking at her phone. Access Agency News Catch up on news from across state agencies with our consolidated newsroom. Search Agency News Image of four people holding up the letters to spell the word vote. Voting and Elections in Michigan Your voice matters. Use the Michigan Voter Information Center to find your polling place, view your sample ballot, learn about voting equipment and more. View Election Information Featured Resources Photo of recruiters from the state of Michigan at a career fair. State of Michigan Jobs Photo of a young girl sitting on her mother's lap receiving a vaccination from a healthcare worker. Immunizations Photo of a child a woman and a man sitting in snow. They are smiling and it is snowing. Medicaid Redetermination Image of a Hands Free law sign on the highway. It reads, Michigan Law. Hands-Free Device Use Only. Michigan Hands-Free Law Popular Services Photo of a woman looking at a piece of paper sitting down at a table. A man is sitting next to her with his head in his hands. Assistance Programs Business Assistance Emergency Relief Food Assistance Health Care Coverage and Costs Unemployment Two people snow showing in the snow. Recreation Services Plan Your Next Adventure Buy a Hunting or Fishing License Find a State Park Near You Make a Camping Reservation Purchase a Recreation Passport Image of a woman driving a car in winter. She is looking out the front windshield with both hands on the wheel. Vehicle Services Schedule an Office Visit REAL ID-Compliant License or ID Card Renew Driver's License Renew Vehicle Plate and Registration Transfer a Vehicle Title All State of Michigan Services Experience Winter in Pure Michigan Video Experience Winter in Pure Michigan Hit the slopes at one of the states 40+ ski areas. Unleash your inner child and sled down a snowy hill. Winter in Michigan has something for every age and every skill level. Plan Your Next Adventure Image of two people on snowmobiles driving down a trail. Image of two people on snowmobiles driving down a trail. Events in Michigan Enjoy all that Michigan has to offer. As one of the top four-season destinations in the country, Michigan is home to a variety of activities and events for you and your family to enjoy. View All Events Governor Gretchen Whitmer Gretchen Whitmer has served as Michigan’s 49th governor since 2019. She and her administration are committed to tackling the challenges facing Michiganders with bold solutions and decisive leadership. Executive Office of the Governor Governor Whitmer wearing a blue shirt and smiling outside with residents. Social Media Powered by Curator.io Follow us State of Michigan Copyright State of Michigan About “If you seek a pleasant peninsula, look about you.” Michigan’s official state motto holds many truths – our state is a land of great splendors. Full of natural beauty, historical importance, and a talented, resourceful population, Michigan has it all. Our state services support residents, businesses, and visitors to the Great Lakes state. Learn more Careers Balancing a rewarding career with the ability to have a high-quality lifestyle is important. In Michigan, you can have both. If you’re interested in a career that allows you to make a difference, check out the state of Michigan career portal for a list of current openings in state government. Careers Get personalized voter information on early voting and other topics. Michigan.gov/Vote State Government State Government Employee Search Executive Branch State Holidays Resources Resources Local Government Forms State Facilities State License Search Support Support ADA Complaint Procedure Michigan.gov Support Copyright 2024 State of Michigan Mi.gov Home Policies Accessibility Disability Resources Statewide FOIA Directory Departments