Hudl • Tools to help every team, coach and athlete improve Skip to main content Hudl Menu Close Solutions Browse by Organization Our performance solutions can help any team capture, analyze and share video and data faster and more effectively. Club and Youth Sports Elevate your club with automatic video capture, livestreaming and sharing. High School Teams and Athletic Departments Our all-in-one solutions simplify athletic departments and elevate every team. Colleges and Universities Advanced video and data solutions — with every team on one invoice and one platform. Professional Sports An end-to-end platform, designed for the world's top organizations. Advertisers Partner with Hudl and make your brand part of a global sports destination. Browse by Solution Capture Analysis Scouting Fan Engagement View All Products Back Capture Products Our smart cameras can automatically capture, livestream and upload your video to your Hudl platform. Indoor Focus The go-to smart camera for basketball, volleyball and other indoor sports Outdoor Focus Football, soccer and more are captured seamlessly. Focus Flex Record on-the-go with our revolutionary sideline camera. Back Analysis Products Video helps you see the game. Our analysis tools help you truly see what happened. Find the right solution for you. Hudl Online and mobile platform for video sharing and review Sportscode Customizable performance analysis Replay Instant replay for teams using Sportscode Sideline Instant replay for American Football Instat Video and data solution for analysis and scouting Volleymetrics Advanced analytics for college and pro volleyball teams WIMU Advanced wearable human performance tracking Assist Let our professional analysts break down your footage Back Scouting Products We help teams and talent find each other – with a deep video and data library and easy communication tools. Hudl Comprehensive recruiting tools for athletes to get noticed Recruit Database for searching and recruiting high school athletes Wyscout The world's largest football video and stats database Volleymetrics Advanced analytics for college and pro volleyball teams Instat Video and data solution for analysis and scouting Back Fan Engagement Products Our collection of tools—built to keep your fanbase engaged and informed. Fan Engagement Suite Everything your fans need to stay connected—from livestreams to highlights to schedules. Production Truck Turn your livestream into a broadcast-quality production, with built-in monetization tools. Hudl TV Stream your teams. We make it easy to get every game to your fans. Hudl Tickets Digital ticketing made easy, with instant reporting, enhanced security and a seamless gate experience for your fans. Resources & Support Help Center Tackle your technical questions with tutorials and videos. Pay Your Bill Use your invoice number to pay by card or check. Contact Us Have additional questions? We're here to help. Hudl Blog Articles covering coaching methods, new technologies and customer stories. Browse by Product Hudl Focus Hudl TV Sideline Volleymetrics Sportscode Recruit Wyscout WIMU Instat Company About See how Hudl became the global leader in sports video and data, and how we’re changing the way the world sees the game. Press Learn about Hudl and download our media kit. Careers Learn how to become part of the best team in sports technology. Inclusion The best teams win together. Learn how we’re leading the sports industry in Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, Accessibility and Belonging. Search Teams & Athletes Search Teams & Athletes Log in Hudl Wyscout Volleymetrics WIMU Cloud Instat for Basketball Instat for Ice Hockey Change the way you see the game. More than 230K teams across 40 sports use Hudl to capture, analyze and learn from video and data. Request a Demo High Schools Clubs Colleges Div I & Professional Athletes High School One subscription for your entire athletic department makes it easy for every coach and player to learn from video. See our subscription options Professional Everything professional teams and clubs need from performance analysis, all on one connected platform. Check out our Pro Suite Auto-tracking Cameras Our indoor, outdoor and portable Hudl Focus cameras capture every moment with AI technology. Learn how the cameras work Hudl TV A complete streaming solution to broadcast your games online in only a few clicks. Explore online streaming solutions Youth Clubs and High Schools Tools to help every team, coach and athlete improve. Hudl Focus Assist Hudl TV High Schools can power their entire department with smart cameras equipped to livestream and record games, plus video storage and exchange, automated stats, coaching tools, and highlights for recruiting. Streamline every part of your club's video routine, from video capture with our portable smart camera Focus Flex, analysis tools to improve performance, and recruiting features to help players get noticed. Collegiate and Professional Organizations A complete solution for professional-grade analysis. Sportscode Wyscout Volleymetrics Hudl WIMU Instat Focus Recruit A comprehensive performance analysis solution that meets all video, data analysis and recruitment needs across every sport within an NCAA Div. I athletic department. Professional-grade analysis solutions, all on a single connected platform, make workflows seamless and efficient for the world’s top organizations. A full suite of tools for colleges to stay a step ahead, including smart cameras, advanced data, league-wide film exchanges and the best recruiting tools available. We believe in sports. And teams believe in Hudl. We're here to help athletes, coaches, teams and programs grow every day by giving them easy access to the right information. That's why millions trust Hudl to maximize their potential. 8M+ users 230K+ teams 40+ sports It’s essential, for an analyst, for a coach, for a team, for a player, to access the latest technology. It allows you to be at the forefront of being part of a high-performance environment. Read more Roberto Martinez Head Coach, Belgian National Team Technology is huge for us in our academy as it allows us to mirror our philosophy across all of our teams by using the same platforms of software across the board. Read more Carl Edwards Head Video Analyst, Houston Dynamo FC How Hudl changes the game. The Power of Livestreaming Jan 13 / 2023 How Hudl and Hoop City’s Collaboration Is Producing Elite Basketball Talent Feb 08 / 2023 Hudl Launches Portable Auto-Tracking Camera With Instant Upload and 4G Capable Livestreaming Jan 12 / 2023 Gatorade and Hudl Announce Recipients of Level the Playing Field Youth Sports Grant Jul 20 / 2022 See Hudl in action. Request a Demo Solutions High School Club Collegiate Division I Colleges Fan Engagement Youth Football Professional Products Hudl Sportscode Insight Studio Coda Wyscout Assist Focus Focus Indoor Focus Outdoor Focus Flex Sideline Replay Volleymetrics Hudl TV WIMU Instat Release Notes Athletes and Fans Hudl Highlights About Advertise Press Company News Careers Contact Us Support Blog Pay by Credit Card Hudl Accessories Login Contact Sales Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Software License Agreement | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information | Cookies | Security Hudl is a product and service of Agile Sports Technologies, Inc. All text and design © 2007-2024. All rights reserved. 京ICP备19028463号-2 • Transparency in Coverage Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube