Tom's Hardware: For The Hardcore PC Enthusiast Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Tom's Hardware Tom's Hardware Search Search Tom's Hardware RSS US EditionUKUSAustraliaCanada Reviews Best Picks Raspberry Pi CPUs GPUs Coupons Newsletter More News PC Components SSDs Motherboards PC Building Monitors Laptops Desktops Cooling Cases RAM Power Supplies 3D Printers Peripherals Overclocking About Us Forums TrendingBest AMD CPUs of All TimeNvidia RTX 4080 SuperAMD Ryzen 7 8700GIntel 14th-Gen Raptor Lake Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 (2024) review: Portability over power A thinner, more premium design, but with a bit less muscle than you may be used to. News Stream Nvidia GTX branding finally reaches the end of the line after 19 years Mark Tyson published 5 March 24 Marks the official end of the 19-year GTX brand run. $199 for Dell's S2722DGM curved gaming monitor is an absolute bargain Stewart Bendle published 5 March 24 Nab a great budget gaming monitor for only $199 in this Dell deal. Samsung renames 3nm process technology to 2nm production node Anton Shilov published 5 March 24 The process formerly known as SF3 has now been renamed to SF2. Nvidia is the 'kingmaker,' says analyst firm Omdia — company projected to make $87 billion from data center GPUs alone in 2024 Matthew Connatser published 5 March 24 Market research firm Omdia predicts Nvidia will make $87 billion from its datacenter GPUs in 2024, compared to $34 billion in 2023. Threadripper 7000 outsells Intel Xeon 10 to 1, but Intel's mainstream PC chips dominate Ryzen 7000 in Puget Systems 2024 Hardware Trends report Matthew Connatser published 5 March 24 Ryzen 7000 struggled and Threadripper 7000 soared in workstation builder Puget System's 2023 Hardware Trends. Laptop ODM Wistron 'Hinge Auto-Extension' Dynamic airflow concept aims to increase gaming laptop cooling performance Mark Tyson published 5 March 24 An interlocking mechanism activated by opening the laptop extends the heat module for an airflow boost. AMD's custom Instinct MI309 GPU for China fails export license test from U.S. government Anton Shilov published 5 March 24 AMD faces a setback to sell its latest Instinct MI309 AI and HPC GPU to Chinese entities. China provides 'computing vouchers' for AI startups to train large language models — designed to combat rising GPU costs due to US sanctions Anton Shilov published 5 March 24 China offers computing vouchers worth between $140 to $280 thousand to AI startups as U.S. sanctions bite. Chinese researchers aim to replicate Open AI's Sora text-to-video capabilities Anton Shilov published 5 March 24 A team of researchers from Peking University plan to reproduce Open AI's Sora text-to-video service, with the help of the open source community. Developers of Switch emulator Yuzu settle with Nintendo in court for $2.4 million less than a week after being sued Christopher Harper published 4 March 24 Nintendo defeats Nintendo Switch emulation in the form of a joint filing, with the emulator's developers agreeing to $2.4 million awarded damages. Annoyed by bursty fans and bloated apps, engineer writes software in Python to better control his NZXT Kraken AIO Aaron Klotz published 4 March 24 Software engineer Cal Bryant created his own fan/pump control software in Python that can read and manipulate the fan and pump speeds of his Kraken X53 AIO. Raspberry Pi Pico used in 'Back to the Future' time circuits replica Ash Hill published 4 March 24 Traveling_fred is using a Raspberry Pi Pico to power a replica of the time circuits found in Doc Brown's DeLorean time machine from Back to the Future. AMD confirms it is working on an AI upscaler for gaming – CTO Papermaster says it's part of 'AI enabling our entire portfolio' Aaron Klotz published 4 March 24 AMD's CTO Mark Papermaster confirmed in an interview that it is working on an AI upscaler for gaming. This could be the next major update for FSR. Intel shares biggest unboxing video ever as ASML’s $380 million High-NA lithography machine is installed in Oregon fab Anton Shilov published 4 March 24 Intel posts video showing the arrival and installation of its cutting-edge High-NA lithography machine. Dev shows off the little red Corvette that designing Windows Zip folders bought, shares details Mark Tyson published 4 March 24 Retired Windows developer and successful YouTuber Dave W Plummer has revealed that his work on Zip folder integration in Windows paid for a little red Corvette. Nvidia bans using translation layers for CUDA software to run on other chips Anton Shilov published 4 March 24 Nvidia doesn't allow running CUDA software with translation layers on other platforms with its licensing agreement. This move appears to specifically target ZLUDA along with some Chinese GPU makers. Get a new GPU as AMD Radeon RX 7700 XT prices drop on multiple manufacturers' cards Stewart Bendle published 4 March 24 We always prefer to see the price of GPUs go down rather than up. It's nice to see multiple GPU board partners lower the price on some of its RX 7700 XT SKUs. Intel Foundry is trying to poach Samsung's South Korean customers in its bid to become world's second-biggest foundry: report Matthew Connatser published 4 March 24 In its drive to become a heavyweight in semiconductor manufacturing, Intel is trying to take Samsung's clients. Half of tested PC watercoolers don’t use the premium materials advertised, like copper: Report Mark Tyson published 4 March 24 Veteran hardware reviewer Igor Wallossek has published an investigation into AiO CPU cooler radiator materials. Checking six branded designs, three used brass where copper components were advertised. Most upcoming Arrow Lake CPUs will leverage TSMC nodes for compute, Intel 20A only for Core i5 and lower: Leak Matthew Connatser published 4 March 24 Leaker Golden Pig Upgrade says Arrow Lake doesn't have low-power E-cores, DDR5 support, and hyper-threading, and will rely heavily on TSMC's nodes. More News Asus ROG Zephyrus G14 (2024) review: Portability over power A thinner, more premium design, but with a bit less muscle than you may be used to. AMD's custom Instinct MI309 GPU for China fails export license test from U.S. government Still too powerful to sell to sell to Chinese entities. China provides 'computing vouchers' for AI startups to train large language models — designed to combat rising GPU costs due to US sanctions Chinese AI startups have trouble accessing compute performance, due to U.S. export rules. Chinese researchers aim to replicate Open AI's Sora text-to-video capabilities Chinese entities enter the text-to-video race. New dynamic airflow concept aims to boost gaming laptop cooling with displaced external heat module — Laptop ODM Wistron's 'Hinge Auto-Extension' wins design award An interlocking mechanism activated by opening the laptop extends the heat module for an airflow boost. Help Us Test Our AI Chatbot We're testing out HammerBot, an AI assistant trained exclusively on Tom's Hardware's library of expert content. Please try it out and let us know what you think in this forum thread Grid List Reviews AMD Ryzen 5 8600G Review By Paul Alcorn published 3 March 24 We put AMD's new $229 Ryzen 5 8600G "Phoenix" chip through our test suite to see how it ranks against the Intel competition and its own pricier sibling, the Ryzen 7 8700G. CPUs Espresso 13 Touch and 17 Pro Portable Monitor Reviews: Sleek Hardware with Tight Software Integration By Brandon Hill published 29 February 24 Espresso’s portable monitors feature tightly integrated software, especially in macOS, but they come with lofty price tags. Portable Monitors Corsair K65 Plus Wireless Keyboard Review: High-end value By Matt Safford published 28 February 24 A comfortable 75% layout, foam and silicone for excellent sound dampening, and lubed, swappable switches for $159? Gaming Keyboards Klevv CRAS C930 2TB SSD review By Shane Downing published 27 February 24 The Klevv CRAS C930 SSD isn't bad drive, but it’s not exactly good, either. It’s another mediocre PCIe 4.0 drive that can get the job done, and at least it has a nice, optional heatsink. SSDs AMD Radeon RX 7900 GRE review: Navi 31 starting at $549 By Jarred Walton published 26 February 24 Navi 31 hops on a golden rabbit. GPUs VIEW MORE Grid List Best Picks Best Mini-ITX Cases 2024: Our Picks for Compact PC Builds By Matt Safford last updated 5 March 24 Save some space without sacrificing performance or looks with the best compact PC cases we've tested. PC Cases Best AIO Coolers 2024 By Matt Safford published 5 March 24 After measuring CPU temperatures and fan noise for dozens of AIO coolers under load, we've chosen the best closed-loop options to keep your PC cool and quiet. Cooling Best CPU Coolers 2024: AIO and Air Coolers By Matt Safford published 5 March 24 These are the best air and liquid/AIO CPU coolers we've tested, for all consumer systems, from small form-factor builds to overclocked big rigs. Cooling VIEW MORE Grid List CPUs CPU Benchmarks and Hierarchy 2024: CPU Rankings By Paul Alcorn last updated 4 March 24 All of today's desktop CPU benchmarks compared, including Intel's 13th-Gen Core series and AMD's Ryzen Zen 4 and Threadripper. CPUs Most upcoming Arrow Lake CPUs will leverage TSMC nodes for compute, Intel 20A only for Core i5 and lower: Leak By Matthew Connatser published 4 March 24 Leaker Golden Pig Upgrade says Arrow Lake doesn't have low-power E-cores, DDR5 support, and hyper-threading, and will rely heavily on TSMC's nodes. CPUs VIEW MORE Meet The Team Paul AlcornManaging Editor: News and Emerging TechLeading CPU Expert. Has more chips than a bag of Doritos.Anj Bryant Assistant Managing EditorSTEM kit expert, spreadsheet ninja and all-around TH MVP.Matt SaffordManaging Editor15 years covering components -- and building PCs since the AMD K6-2 days.Sarah Jacobsson PurewalSenior Editor: PeripheralsNeeds bigger desk for all these monitors.Avram PiltchEditor-in-ChiefBuilding PCs since they had floppies. Codes for fun.Jarred WaltonSenior Editor: Graphics CardsGPU benchmarking guru, powered by 16-pin connector and Dr Pepper.Andrew E. FreedmanSenior Editor: Laptops and DesktopsNeeds the right screwdriver bit for this upgrade.Brandon HillSenior Editor - Monitors and NetworkingLes PounderAssociate EditorRaspberry Pi and microcontroller wizard. Can program anything with pins.Stewart BendleDeals WriterPotion seller, Azeroth adventurer, sales soothsayer. Grid List Coupons Netgear promo codes for March 2024 Posted Use these Netgear promo codes to save on routers, modems, switches, and more. Herman Miller Promo Codes for March 2024 Posted Office Essentials Sale: Save 20% on performance seating that fuels your focus, inspiration, and creativity Corsair Discount Codes for March 2024 Posted Use these Corsair discount codes to save on cases, cooling, RAM, storage, gaming peripherals, and more. VIEW MORE Grid List Graphics Cards Best Graphics Cards for Gaming in 2024 By Jarred Walton published 4 March 24 We've benchmarked all the latest GPUs to select the best graphics cards for gaming. These graphics cards offer the best performance at their price and resolution, from 1080p to 4K. GPUs AMD confirms it is working on an AI upscaler for gaming – CTO Papermaster says it's part of 'AI enabling our entire portfolio' By Aaron Klotz published 4 March 24 AMD's CTO Mark Papermaster confirmed in an interview that it is working on an AI upscaler for gaming. This could be the next major update for FSR. GPUs Nvidia bans using translation layers for CUDA software to run on other chips By Anton Shilov published 4 March 24 Nvidia doesn't allow running CUDA software with translation layers on other platforms with its licensing agreement. This move appears to specifically target ZLUDA along with some Chinese GPU makers. GPUs VIEW MORE Grid List Laptops Apple's MacBook Air gains M3 upgrade and support for two external displays By Brandon Hill published 4 March 24 Apple gives the MacBook Air some added muscle with an M3 upgrade and support for two external displays Laptops Lenovo shows off a concept laptop with a transparent micro-LED display at MWC, and is making some ThinkPads more repairable By Andrew E. Freedman published 25 February 24 Lenovo showed off a laptop with a transparent micro-LED display at MWC, and also announced a series of new ThinkPads in a number of form factors. Laptops VIEW MORE Grid List Raspberry Pi Best Raspberry Pi Projects: March 2024 By Ash Hill published 4 March 24 Update We take a look at some of the coolest Raspberry Pi projects we've had the honor of featuring over the last month. Update Raspberry Pi Pico used in 'Back to the Future' time circuits replica By Ash Hill published 4 March 24 Traveling_fred is using a Raspberry Pi Pico to power a replica of the time circuits found in Doc Brown's DeLorean time machine from Back to the Future. Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi Pico drives StoRPer modular DIY robot rover By Ash Hill published 1 March 24 Jo Hinchliffe has created a modular robot rover PCB that relies on a Raspberry Pi Pico as the main driver. Raspberry Pi VIEW MORE Grid List Deals Get a new GPU as AMD Radeon RX 7700 XT prices drop on multiple manufacturers' cards By Stewart Bendle published 4 March 24 We always prefer to see the price of GPUs go down rather than up. It's nice to see multiple GPU board partners lower the price on some of its RX 7700 XT SKUs. GPUs AMD Ryzen 8000, 7000 and 5000 series processors drop to seriously low prices at Newegg By Ash Hill published 3 March 24 Today at Newegg, you can find several AMD AM5 processors for some seriously low prices. CPUs HP Omen 27QS 240Hz 27-inch IPS monitor falls to $299 at Best Buy By Ash Hill published 29 February 24 The HP Omen 27QS is currently available at Best Buy for one of the lowest prices we've seen for the monitor since it first launched. Monitors VIEW MORE Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:UK Tom's Hardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility Statement Advertise About us Coupons Careers © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.