Sublime Text - Text Editing, Done Right Download Buy Support News Forum Text Editing, Done Right Download for Windows Download for Windows Install for Linux Download for Mac Sublime Text 4 (Build 4169) See What's New Dark Light Windows Mac Linux Play Pause Effortlessly Split Panes and Navigate Between Code With the new Tab Multi-Select functionality, tabs become first-class citizens in the interface. A simple modifier when performing actions will split the interface to show multiple tabs at once. Works with the side bar, tab bar, Goto Anything and more! Side-by-Side Mode for Definitions The Definitions popup now supports side-by-side mode via the icon, or holding Ctrl⌘ while clicking a link. Goto Definition, Goto Reference and Goto Symbol in Project also support side-by-side viewing. Explore the full definition, not just a summary in a small popup. View Definitions in Auto Complete When an auto-complete word is a symbol with a definition, click the Definition link, or pressing F12 will open the definition to the right. When focus returns to the original file, the auto complete window will return to its last state. Use Multiple Selections to rename variables quickly Here Ctrl+D⌘+D is used to select the next occurrence of the current word. Ctrl+K, Ctrl+D⌘+K, ⌘+D will skip an occurence. Once created, each selection allows for full-featured editing. What’s New Sublime Text 4 is packed with new features and enhancements, including: GPU Rendering Sublime Text can now utilize your GPU on Linux, Mac and Windows when rendering the interface. This results in a fluid UI all the way up to 8K resolutions, all while using less power than before. Apple Silicon and Linux ARM64 Sublime Text for Mac now includes native support for Apple Silicon processors. Linux ARM64 builds are also available for devices like the Raspberry Pi. Tab Multi-Select File tabs have been enhanced to make split views effortless, with support throughout the interface and built-in commands. The side bar, tab bar, Goto Anything, Goto Definition, auto complete and more have all been tweaked to make code navigation easier and more intuitive than ever. Context-Aware Auto Complete The auto complete engine has been rewritten to provide smart completions based on existing code in a project. Suggestions are also augmented with info about their kind, and provide links to definitions. Refreshed UI The Default and Adaptive themes have been refreshed with new tab styles and inactive pane dimming. Themes and Color Schemes support auto dark-mode switching. The Adaptive theme on Windows and Linux now features custom title bars. TypeScript, JSX and TSX Support Support for one of the most popular new programming languages is now shipped by default. Utilize all of the smart syntax-based features of Sublime Text within the modern JavaScript ecosystem. Superpowered Syntax Definitions The syntax highlighting engine has been significantly improved, with new features like handling non-deterministic grammars, multi-line constructs, lazy embeds and syntax inheritance. Memory usage has been reduced, and load times are faster than ever. Updated Python API The Sublime Text API has been updated to Python 3.8, while keeping backwards compatibility with packages built for Sublime Text 3. The API has been significantly expanded, adding features that allow plugins like LSP to work better than ever. To learn more, read the revamped documentation. Meet the Sublime Family Sublime Text The sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose Download Download Download Sublime Merge A cross-platform Git client, done the Sublime Text way Find out more Download Download Download © Sublime HQ Pty Ltd Woollahra, Sydney. Follow @sublimehq