Montreal News | Local Breaking | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live MONTREAL Search CTVNews.ca Search News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kingston Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Nanaimo Newfoundland and Labrador Northern Ontario Ottawa Pembroke Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Sault Ste. Marie Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Search CTVNews.ca Search Montreal News | Local Breaking | CTV News Montreal Just For Laughs files for creditor protection, says 2024 festival 'will not take place' The 2024 Just for Laughs comedy festival has been cancelled as the Montreal company behind it tries to avoid bankruptcy. Two new units at MUHC aim to ease overcrowding, shorten recovery times The McGill University Health Centre has announced two new units to ease overcrowding in emergency rooms and improve post-operative care. The Montreal General Hospital is now home to a day centre and specialized recovery unit. Details released on state funeral for former prime minister Mulroney A state funeral for former prime minister Brian Mulroney will be held on March 23 in Montreal. Parliamentarians are expected to pay tribute to Canada's 18th prime minister in the House of Commons when MPs return to Ottawa on March 18 after a two-week break. WEATHER °C View Full Forecast >> Unable to retrieve weather data Complete Weather Forecast Weather brought to you by MORE TOP STORIES Young Quebec director who debated quitting filmmaking prepares for Oscars Before receiving an Oscar nomination for his short film, Vincent Rene-Lortie says he was ready to quit filmmaking. Free breast cancer screening for Quebec women aged 70 to 74 Quebec is now offering free access to breast cancer screenings to women aged 70 to 74. Senior killed after shooting in Saint-Laurent parking lot A 71-year-old man is dead after a shooting in the Saint-Laurent borough. Meta's Facebook, Instagram back up after global outage Meta-owned Facebook and Instagram were back up on Tuesday after a more than two-hour outage that was caused by a technical issue and impacted hundreds of thousands of users globally. Gunshot victim walks into hotel in Brossard asking for help An investigation is underway after an injured man walked into a hotel in Brossard, on Montreal's South Shore, asking for help to treat gunshot wounds. Man dead after being hit by bus in Saint-Laurent A 65-year-old man is dead after being hit by a bus Monday night in the Saint-Laurent borough. Quebec urges measles vaccination after 10 cases detected, mostly in Montreal area Quebec public health officials are urging people to get themselves and their young children vaccinated for measles, a highly contagious disease that is making a comeback several years after its eradication. Pro-Palestinian group holds protest after IDF members invited to speak at Montreal event A group of pro-Palestinian protesters blocked the entrance of the Federation CJA building in Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce Monday evening where an event was organized by the Jewish community. Killer Luka Magnotta transferred from maximum-security prison Convicted killer Luka Magnotta has been transferred from a maximum-security prison to another institution, CTV News has confirmed. Quebec parents want son's mysterious death in Punta Cana investigated fully A Quebec couple is trying to get answers following the mysterious death of their 24-year-old son two months ago in the Dominican Republic. Pope Francis names former judge to investigate Quebec cardinal facing sex allegations Pope Francis has named a retired Quebec Superior Court judge to investigate allegations of sexual touching against a senior leader of the province's Roman Catholic Church. Old Brewery Mission to open apartment units for older Montrealers who are homeless The Old Brewery Mission is building new apartment units for a growing section of the homeless population: older Montrealers. Ottawa should respect Quebec's immigration cap for family reunification: minister Quebec is accusing Ottawa of violating provincial jurisdiction after the federal immigration minister unilaterally decided to accelerate the time it takes to reunite people with their foreign family members. Quebec mom says Air Canada bungled her family vacation because they overbooked the flight A mother from Terrebonne, Que. is outraged after her vacation plans fell through because Air Canada reportedly overbooked the flight. Cindy Boulet says she and her two sons, ages 5 and 8, were supposed to fly to Cuba on Tuesday. Featured Videos 2001 Archives: JFL on CFCF's Comedy Corner Doctor describes possible measles complications Montreal's David Marino performs in New York New housing units for homeless Independent Montreal pro wrestling syndicate slams 25 years Growing concern about measles for March break Dorval teen’s work has helped Kenya Close friend remembers Brian Mulroney IN PICTURES Comedians at Just for Laughs over the years Sony World Photography Awards 2024 Comedian Kevin Hart poses as he arrives on the red carpet for Eat My Shorts: Short Films Premiere at the Just for Laughs comedy festival in Montreal, Thursday, July 27, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Graham Hughes Genie the black bear emerges from hibernation Montrealers bike in chilly temperatures WEA MTL Warm Winter 20240303 Remembering former prime minister Brian Mulroney Quebec ice huts sinking due to warm weather Progressive Conservative leadership candidate Brian Mulroney speaks to delegates at an informal gathering in a hotel suite in Ottawa, Feb. 18, 1976. (The Canadian Press) Editor's Picks Montreal teen heading to Kenya to visit a community he's helped for over a decade A teen from Dorval on Montreal's West Island has dedicated his free time to helping others for over a decade. His hard work has had an immense impact on a village in Kenya, a place he's never been to, but that's about to change later this month. Quebec parents want son's mysterious death in Punta Cana investigated fully A Quebec couple is trying to get answers following the mysterious death of their 24-year-old son two months ago in the Dominican Republic. Hardcore Montreal wrestling syndicate slams past 25 years Montreal's International Wrestling Syndicate (IWS) started in 1999, and has been developing professional wrestlers for the past 25 years. The IWS's hardcore brand of wrestling is known globally fed by its rabid fans. Genie the black bear emerges from hibernation at Montreal Ecomuseum Zoo Looking groggy and a bit ruffled after sleeping since November, Genie the black bear emerged from hibernation on Friday at the Ecomuseum Zoo in Ste-Anne-de-Bellevue in Montreal's West Island. Beloved Black community paper going strong despite founder's death Nine months after Egbert Gaye's death, the paper he founded and edited for more than 30 years is looking to the future. Montreal couple redefining how parents buy and sell used toys A couple in Griffintown is revamping how parents buy and sell their used toys online. Montreal fire department beefs up ice rescue training amid mild weather Faced with increasingly mild winters, Montreal's fire department (SIM) is kicking its ice rescue training into high gear. Ice canoes hit the St. Lawrence River in Montreal for first race in 4 years Competitors were out in freezing temperatures on Saturday on the St. Lawrence River for the Ice Canoe Challenge. Montreal Children's Hospital doctor given Transplant Quebec lifetime achievement award Transplant Quebec has awarded its grand prize to medical director Dr. Sam Shemie at the Montreal Children's Hospital. The prestigious award recognizes the contribution of a medical professional in the field of organ donation and transplantation for at least 10 years. CROSS-CANADA SPOTLIGHT Toronto man shocked by package delivered to his mailbox Huge interest in northern Ont. town's $10 land sale program as it nears launch Calgary Zoo’s lifelong peacock 17-year-old Norman passes away 'Unconscionable': Fake posters promise family doctors in B.C. community HOUSING Fuel poverty affects one in five households, say Montreal researchers Fuel poverty affects nearly one household in five, according to a team from McGill University's Canada Research Chair in Housing, Community and Health, which has been studying the phenomenon for four years. Quebec adopts bill restricting lease transfers, often used to limit rent increases The Quebec government adopted a controversial housing bill Wednesday that will restrict a popular tool tenants have used for years to limit rent increases. Concerns about rent increases after Montreal tenants sign renovation agreement Tenants agreed to temporarily move out in exchange for a few months of free rent, but they're worried about how much it will cost when they return. In-Depth Interviews What does it mean to go on a pilgrimage? Curfew, state of emergency in Haiti Where to ski on March break? Mom says autistic son denied Eng. services WATCH LIVE CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Brian Mulroney 1939 - 2024 In Pictures: 100 iconic photos from Mulroney's life Condolences pour in: From Trudeau to Poilievre From the archives: Mulroney takes on Turner Stay Connected HEALTH Two new units at MUHC aim to ease overcrowding, shorten recovery times The McGill University Health Centre has announced two new units to ease overcrowding in emergency rooms and improve post-operative care. The Montreal General Hospital is now home to a day centre and specialized recovery unit. Quebec urges measles vaccination after 10 cases detected, mostly in Montreal area Quebec public health officials are urging people to get themselves and their young children vaccinated for measles, a highly contagious disease that is making a comeback several years after its eradication. The McGill University Health Centre is getting a helipad The hospital is one of four selected by the Quebec Health Ministry to get the upgrade, alongside the Lanaudiere Regional Hospital Center in Joliette, the Roberval Hospital in Robervale and the Sacre-Cœur Hospital in Montreal. Quebec public health calls measles a 'threat' in the province In a letter to physicians, Montreal Public Health confirmed a case of measles was reported in Laval this week. It is the third known case in the Montreal region since the start of February. $630 million to improve ambulance services 'not enough', says Quebec ambulance service On Thursday, the Quebec government announced almost $630 million over five years to fund various measures aimed at improving ambulance services. CLIMATE AND ENVIRONMENT Ottawa to fund 56 projects to protect species at risk Steven Guilbeault, Minister of the Environment and Climate Change, was in Montreal Monday morning to announce funding for 56 conservation projects across the country. WEATHER WEATHER | Montreal had its second warmest winter on record, says Environment Canada Montreal is experiencing its second warmest winter since weather records began in 1871, Environment Canada has said. Quebec premier reassures Kahnawake, Chateauguay residents after creek-polluting oil spill Quebec Premier François Legault sought to reassure the residents of Châteauguay and Kahnawake following a spill of petroleum products into a creek on the border of the city and the Kanien'kehá:ka (Mohawk) community. MUST WATCH WATCH: Rattlesnake found hiding in back of woman's car Free-diver captures close encounter with orca off B.C. coast Raccoon stranded on hydro pole for two days rescued U.S. driver saved from truck dangling off bridge Archive | Blizzard paralyzes Winnipeg in 1966 WATCH: Volcano erupts in Ecuador's Galapagos Islands B.C. tour guide rescues man burried by avalanche CTV Kitchener marks 70 years on the air Archive: Triumph & Treachery: The Brian Mulroney Story CTVNews.ca Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | 'I'm going to be landing': 5 Canadians killed in plane crash near Nashville Five Canadians are dead after a small plane from Ontario crashed near downtown Nashville, Tenn., on Monday. No working rink at prison where MP says notorious inmates play pickup hockey: agency Canada's prison service says there has been no functioning ice hockey rink for the past two winters at an institution where a Conservative MP says notorious inmates can play 'taxpayer-funded serial killer pickup hockey.' Boy, 16, and girl, 14, identified as pair struck and killed by UP Express train in Toronto The two people fatally struck by a UP Express train Monday evening were a 16-year-old boy and a 14-year-old girl, Toronto police confirmed Tuesday, though it's still not clear why they were on the tracks. Tim Hortons investigates Ontario man's defective coffee cups Tim Hortons is investigating an issue with its supplier after an Ontario man was handed a defective cup that entirely spilled from the bottom. Newfoundland police lay 63 more charges against former teacher A former Newfoundland teacher and volleyball coach is now facing more than 150 charges related to what police call sexual violence. B.C. teacher suspended again after student injured, glasses broken during gym class A Vancouver Island teacher's professional certification will be suspended for three days this month after he encouraged students in his Grade 9 gym class to hit each other with pool noodles, breaking one child's glasses. 9 Ont. nurses fired for refusing COVID vaccines should be reinstated, arbitrator rules An arbitrator has ruled that nine Ontario nurses, who were fired because they didn’t get 2 COVID-19 vaccinations, should be reinstated, because their termination was 'unreasonable.' Major Canadian textbook provider files for bankruptcy The company that operates the Canadian School Book Exchange, which provides textbooks to schools across Canada, has filed for bankruptcy. Student airlifted to hospital after school bus crash near Woodstock, Ont. One child was reported to be pinned under the bus and several others were taken by ambulance to be treated for various injuries. TOP CTVNEWS.CA VIDEO Alta. city hall shooting was 'politically motivated': RCMP Alberta RCMP said the shooting at Edmonton's city hall in January was 'politically motivated.' Two teens fatally struck by UP Express train in Toronto Hackers drain Ottawa man's 200,000 Aeroplan points Ont. school bus rollover: Here's what we know so far Hamas rejects handing over hostages, says no to a ceasefire More speculation surrounding Princess of Wales' absence Ont. police warn of scam targeting Chinese community Toronto police: Human remains found on beach in 2023 State funeral for former PM Brian Mulroney on March 23 Listen Live Shopping Trends The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us. Editor's Picks As Seen On Your Morning: 8 Of Andrea Buckett's Favourite Kitchen Products Scotland's Top Outdoor Clothing Brand Just Arrived In Canada, And Here Are A Few Of Our Favourite Finds Our Guide To The Best Walking Pads In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them) Beauty Here Are The Best Drugstore Eye Creams Under $30, According to Reviewers 17 Holy Grail Products That Reviewers With Eczema Swear By If You Have Dry Skin, Add At Least One Of These Hydrating Foundations To Your Cart Gifts 15 Baby Shower Gifts from Amazon Canada Any New Parent Will Appreciate 20 Gifts To Get Your Favourite Person (Or Yourself) 17 Unique Gifts From Amazon Canada To Get The Person Who Has Everything Toronto Tim Hortons investigates Ontario man's defective coffee cups BREAKING BREAKING | 'I'm going to be landing': 5 Canadians killed in plane crash near Nashville NDP bill aims to protect Ontario homeowners from scams which place liens on their home Atlantic Maritime weather: Special weather statements issued ahead of Thursday storm Crash causes power outage, closes section of Windmill Road in Dartmouth 'Cesspool of negativity': Premier Dennis King, Green Party MLA trade barbs in P.E.I. legislature N.L. Newfoundland police lay 63 more charges against former teacher Supreme Court rejects sexual assault appeal from Newfoundland police officer Shovelling brigade: Volunteers coming together to help stranded N.L. seniors Ottawa One person arrested after Ottawa mayor's office broken into overnight Record-warm temperatures today, 10-15 mm of rain tonight in Ottawa Ottawa police seek to ID suspect in construction site thefts Northern Ontario Witness says northern Ont. woman was hit by a cowbell during hockey mom fight Sudbury driver arrested after hitting building with vehicle, wild police chase Woman, 36, charged with impaired driving in crash near Parry Sound London Student airlifted to hospital after school bus crash near Woodstock, Ont. Reimagine Southdale: The beginning of much needed updates to community housing stock Ex-Knight Dave Gilmore 'wishing all the best' to Easton Cowan in pursuit of franchise point streak record Kitchener Conestoga College acquires Inn of Waterloo and other properties for student housing Student airlifted to hospital after school bus crash near Woodstock, Ont. 9 Ont. nurses fired for refusing COVID vaccines should be reinstated, arbitrator rules Windsor Zero to 100 in three seconds: Stellantis unveils the world’s first and only electric muscle car City reminds residents to clean dirty yards Suspect arrested after active investigation at Tecumseh Road and California Ave Barrie Ont. man to stand trial for 1st degree murder in cold case Police investigation underway in Innisfil community Casino Rama adds star-studded shows to its summer lineup Vancouver Train crashes into motorhome in Langley Court rules against absentee landlord who lived in China while his B.C. tenants caused nuisance Driver has 'newly purchased' pickup impounded after being caught speeding in North Vancouver Vancouver Island B.C. teacher suspended again after student injured, glasses broken during gym class Vancouver Island child hospitalized after eating poisonous hemlock on school grounds Man drove car into B.C. inlet for paid live stream stunt: Port Moody police Winnipeg Labour bills expected to be on the agenda as Manitoba legislature resumes Outreach van stolen from WRHA recovered by police BREAKING BREAKING | 'I'm going to be landing': 5 Canadians killed in plane crash near Nashville Calgary Southern Alberta man facing animal cruelty charges after dog found dead: RCMP Calgary announces funding to help improve safety downtown, near transit Federal government moves ahead with plan to build more homes in Alberta Edmonton Worker killed at Edmonton machine shop Construction company fined $144K in 2022 workplace injury 'I've always labeled him as my hero': Daughter follows father's steps to become 911 operator Regina Roof 'leak' at Brandt Centre disrupts play at 2024 Montana's Brier Ruling that found emoji legally-binding faces appeal in Sask. court Sask. teachers to withdraw noon hour supervision in 10 divisions on Friday Saskatoon No charges for Sask. officer in fatal shooting, police watchdog confirms Saskatoon taxi hit by train, police say Sask. potash worker to remain on suspension over nightly medical cannabis use World BREAKING BREAKING | 'I'm going to be landing': 5 Canadians killed in plane crash near Nashville Russian spymaster said opposition leader Alexei Navalny died of natural causes Illegally imported goose intestines hidden under rattlesnakes, U.S. authorities say Ukrainian attacks increasingly sap the power of Russia's Black Sea fleet Kate, Princess of Wales, to appear in June for royal ceremony, first confirmed official duty since surgery Gaza ceasefire talks fail to achieve a breakthrough with Ramadan just days away, Egypt says Canada Tim Hortons investigates Ontario man's defective coffee cups B.C. teacher suspended again after student injured, glasses broken during gym class BREAKING BREAKING | 'I'm going to be landing': 5 Canadians killed in plane crash near Nashville Federal tax change could raise electricity, gas bills in some provinces Seasonal allergy sufferers: Have your symptoms started early? Newfoundland police lay 63 more charges against former teacher Entertainment Just For Laughs files for creditor protection, says 2024 festival 'will not take place' The famous booth from 'The Sopranos' final episode sells on eBay Princess of Wales' uncle Gary Goldsmith joins Sharon Osbourne in 'Celebrity Big Brother' house Health 9 Ont. nurses fired for refusing COVID vaccines should be reinstated, arbitrator rules Seasonal allergy sufferers: Have your symptoms started early? Deadly U.S. meningitis outbreak: Pharmacy leader pleads no contest to manslaughter Politics No working rink at prison where MP says notorious inmates play pickup hockey: agency Details released on state funeral for former prime minister Mulroney Ottawa, Nunavut sign $36M deal to improve health-care services in territory Sci-Tech Are we in the Anthropocene Epoch? Not so fast, geologists say B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit Your company probably knows you're reading this story at work Business Wall Street slumps to worst day in weeks; bitcoin touches record before tumbling Canadian business insolvencies more than double in January, led by bankruptcies Gold just jumped to a record high. Here's why Autos Fast car, slow return: Ferrari stolen in 1995 from a Formula One driver is recovered by U.K. police GM recalling 250,000 pickup trucks in Canada for tailgate issue More Ontario drivers being told to install tracking devices – but at their own expense Lifestyle Sask. TikTok star Bella Brave meets singer Halsey Group of 7 in GTA in 'disbelief' winning lottery together after 8 months of playing Okanagan winery and villa on sale for just under $10M Sports Calgary Flames forward Martin Pospisil to have hearing reviewing hit on Kraken defender New court dates set for former junior hockey players accused of sexual assault Olynyk says signing extension with hometown Raptors was a priority Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Shopping Trends Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton © 2024 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy