FC Cincinnati Skip to main content Tickets Schedule Club Matchday Youth Soccer News Fans FC Cincinnati 2 Stats Community Academy Media Photos Video TQL Stadium Store Tickets Schedule Club Matchday Youth Soccer News Fans FC Cincinnati 2 Stats Community Academy Media Photos Video TQL Stadium Store Tickets Schedule Club Matchday Youth Soccer News Fans FC Cincinnati 2 Stats Community Academy Media Photos Video TQL Stadium Store Brandon Vazquez’s return to TQL Stadium adds to Champions Cup drama, but friendships will take a backseat for the match Brandon Vazquez’s introduction to FC Cincinnati was an understated one. After being left unprotected in the 2019 expansion draft by Atlanta United FC and then selected in the fourth round by Nashville SC, FCC acquired the young forward for a meager $150,000 in Allocation Money. At the time, Vazquez was MATCHDAY GUIDE | FC Cincinnati vs CF Monterrey – Concacaf Champions Cup FC Cincinnati acquire defender DeAndre Yedlin from Inter Miami CF via trade Miles Robinson, Luciano Acosta named to MLS Team of the Matchday for Matchday 3 Make Your Mark This isn't just a kit; it's a vibe, a rhythm, an expression, a lifestyle, a canvas for all of us to write our own story... The new Canvas Kit on sale now! Buy Now Kit Details Canvas Kit Artists' Auction Select artists transformed the actual 2024 Kit into their canvas, while others created their own masterpieces on alternative mediums. FC Cincinnati is excited to announce that the artwork created through the Canvas Kit Reveal will be available at auction, with 100% of the profits going directly to the artists. Bid Now Register For Youth Camps Campers will have the opportunity to learn from former FC Cincinnati players and sessions designed by FCC camp and academy staff. Register Now Learn More Latest News Latest News FC Cincinnati partner with Dark Horse Wine to become the official wine sponsor of The Orange and Blue Miles Robinson shines on both sides of the ball as FC Cincinnati earn confidence-building victory RECAP | Chicago Fire FC 1, FC Cincinnati 2 FC Cincinnati loan Álvaro Barreal to Cruzeiro FC Cincinnati celebrate Women’s History Month with array of initiatives and events that promote women in sports FC Cincinnati acquire $175,000 in GAM from Toronto FC Latest News Latest Photo Albums Latest Photo Albums Chicago Fire FC vs FC Cincinnati - March 2, 2024 FC Cincinnati vs Cavalier F.C. - Concacaf Champions Cup Round One Second Leg FC Cincinnati vs Toronto FC - Feb. 25, 2024 Cavalier F.C. vs FC Cincinnati - Concacaf Champions Cup Round One First Leg Canvas Kit Latest Photo Albums Academy Academy Academy Roundup | Young Garys earn positive results on weekend road trip FC Cincinnati Academy announce partnership with Footy Access for upcoming Generation adidas Cup Academy Roundup | Spring season kicks off with pair of wins for the Young Garys Kiano Casamalhuapa to represent El Salvador in U20 Concacaf Championship Qualifiers FC Cincinnati Academy hosts Affiliate Coaches and Club Partner Workshop Community Community FC Cincinnati celebrates Black History Month, to host The DAD Initiative on February 2 FC Cincinnati unveil 10th mini pitch in region, reach goal set in 2019 FC Cincinnati supports MLS Works Kick Childhood Cancer Month in September with various activations, visits and acts. FC Cincinnati celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month FC Cincinnati and Columbus supporters surpass 17,750 registered donors during Ohio blood drive competition in August Club Sites Atlanta Atlanta Austin Austin Charlotte Charlotte Chicago Chicago Cincinnati Cincinnati Colorado Colorado Columbus Columbus Dallas Dallas D.C. United D.C. United Houston Houston LAFC LAFC LA Galaxy LA Galaxy Miami Miami Minnesota Minnesota Montreal Montreal Nashville Nashville New England Revolution New England New York City New York City NY Red Bulls NY Red Bulls Orlando Orlando Philadelphia Philadelphia Portland Portland Real Salt Lake Salt Lake San Diego San Diego San Jose San Jose Seattle Seattle Sporting KC Sporting KC St. Louis St. Louis Toronto Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Tickets Single Match Tickets The Orange & Blue Reserve Premium Group Tickets MLS MLS App MLS Fantasy Fan Code of Conduct Competition Guidelines Roster Rules & Regulations Stay Connected iOS App Android App Newsletter Contact Media Contacts Front Office Sales And Service Team Careers Learn More Job listings Tickets Single Match Tickets The Orange & Blue Reserve Premium Group Tickets MLS MLS App MLS Fantasy Fan Code of Conduct Competition Guidelines Roster Rules & Regulations Stay Connected iOS App Android App Newsletter Contact Media Contacts Front Office Sales And Service Team Careers Learn More Job listings Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information ©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.