Security Intelligence - Cybersecurity Analysis & Insight Security Intelligence News Series Topics X-Force Podcast News Series Topics Threat Research Podcast Search Application Security Artificial Intelligence CISO Cloud Security Data Protection Endpoint Fraud Protection Identity & Access Incident Response Mainframe Network Risk Management Intelligence & Analytics Security Services Threat Hunting Zero Trust Infographic: Zero trust policy Timeline: Local Government Cyberattacks Industries Banking & Finance Energy & Utility Government Healthcare View All Topics News Series Topics All Categories Application Security Identity & Access Artificial Intelligence Incident Response CISO Mainframe Cloud Security Mobile Security Data Protection Network Endpoint Risk Management Fraud Protection Threat Hunting Security Services Security Intelligence & Analytics Industries Banking & Finance Energy & Utility Government Healthcare X-Force Podcast Exclusive Threat Intelligence February 21, 2024 X-Force Threat Intelligence Index 2024 reveals stolen credentials as top risk, with AI attacks on the horizon Explore top findings from the 2024 X-Force Threat Intelligence Index, and learn how your organization can defend against evolving threats. Read more Latest Articles News March 4, 2024 Will watermarking save the 2024 election from a deepfake debacle? 2 min read - It seems like only months ago deepfakes were still just a curiosity. Now, deepfakes are a real and present danger. And in an election year, the influence of AI-manipulated content could be disastrous. During a recent Washington Post Live event,… Adversary Services February 29, 2024 CVE-2023-20078 technical analysis: Identifying and triggering a command injection vulnerability in Cisco IP phones 7 min read - CVE-2023-20078 catalogs an unauthenticated command injection vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco 6800, 7800, and 8800 Series IP Phones with Multiplatform Firmware installed; however, limited technical analysis is publicly available. This article presents my findings while researching this… Threat Intelligence February 28, 2024 X-Force data reveals top spam trends, campaigns and senior superlatives in 2023 10 min read - The 2024 IBM X-Force Threat Intelligence Index revealed attackers continued to pivot to evade detection to deliver their malware in 2023. The good news? Security improvements, such as Microsoft blocking macro execution by default starting in 2022 and OneNote embedded… More articles POPULAR Data Protection February 27, 2024 The compelling need for cloud-native data protection 4 min read - Cloud environments were frequent targets for cyber attackers in 2023. Eighty-two percent of breaches that involved data stored in the cloud were in public, private or multi-cloud environments. Attackers gained the most access to multi-cloud environments, with 39% of breaches… Artificial Intelligence February 1, 2024 Audio-jacking: Using generative AI to distort live audio transactions 7 min read - While the evolution of LLMs mark a new era of AI, we must be mindful that new technologies come with new risks. Explore one such risk called "audio-jacking." Adversary Services February 29, 2024 CVE-2023-20078 technical analysis: Identifying and triggering a command injection vulnerability in Cisco IP phones 7 min read - CVE-2023-20078 catalogs an unauthenticated command injection vulnerability in the web-based management interface of Cisco 6800, 7800, and 8800 Series IP Phones with Multiplatform Firmware installed; however, limited technical analysis is publicly available. This article presents my findings while researching this… Latest Podcast Season 3 |Episode 7 Cyber leaders: Stop being your own worst career enemy. Here’s how. How do you transition from security SME to security leader? Learn how to supercharge your cybersecurity career on this episode of Into the Breach with special guest Brian Donovan, author of “Leadership is Changing the Game: The transition from technical expert to leader.” Now playing Play podcast pause podcast 36:18 ALL Episodes Subscribe SoundCloud Spotify Apple Podcasts Subscribe Soundcloud Spotify Artboard 1 Apple Podcasts Latest Articles Latest Articles Data Protection February 27, 2024 The compelling need for cloud-native data protection 4 min read - Cloud environments were frequent targets for cyber attackers in 2023. Eighty-two percent of breaches that involved data stored in the cloud were in public, private or multi-cloud environments. Attackers gained the most access to multi-cloud environments, with 39% of breaches… News February 26, 2024 What is the Open-Source Software Security Initiative (OS3I)? 3 min read - The Open-Source Software Security Initiative (OS3I) recently released Securing the Open-Source Software Ecosystem report, which details the members’ current priorities and recommended cybersecurity solutions. The accompanying fact sheet also provides the highlights of the report. The OS3I includes both federal… Threat Intelligence February 23, 2024 Widespread exploitation of recently disclosed Ivanti vulnerabilities 6 min read - IBM X-Force has assisted several organizations in responding to successful compromises involving the Ivanti appliance vulnerabilities disclosed in January 2024. More articles Choose a Category CISO Zero Trust Cloud Security Data Protection Identity & Access X-Force Choose a Category CISO Zero Trust Cloud Security Data Protection Identity & Access X-Force Sponsored IBM Security X-Force Threat Intelligence Index: Explore the top threats of 2023. In 2023, abusing valid credentials became the most common entry point into victim environments with a 71% increase in volume year over year. Learn more. Read the report Featured by topic News July 19, 2023 The MOVEit breach impact and fallout: How can you respond? The MOVEit breach could be the most devastating exploitation of a zero-day vulnerability ever, and the… Defensive Security August 9, 2023 X-Force releases detection & response framework for managed file transfer software The mass exploitation of managed file transfer (MFT) attacks is on the rise. To empower cybersecurity… Application Security August 8, 2023 Unmasking hypnotized AI: The hidden risks of large language models The emergence of Large Language Models (LLMs) is redefining how cybersecurity teams and cybercriminals operate. As… Risk Management October 26, 2023 Why cybersecurity training isn’t working (and how to fix it) Early to a meeting, an employee decides to check direct messages on their favorite social network.… Defensive Security October 6, 2023 X-Force uncovers global NetScaler Gateway credential harvesting campaign This post was made possible through the contributions of Bastien Lardy, Sebastiano Marinaccio and Ruben Castillo.… Application Security July 17, 2023 The top 10 API security risks OWASP list for 2023 As more organizations rely on the automation and scale that web applications and connected services provide,… Adversary Services October 10, 2023 Critically close to zero(day): Exploiting Microsoft Kernel streaming service Last month Microsoft patched a vulnerability in the Microsoft Kernel Streaming Server, a Windows kernel component… Government September 18, 2023 How NIST Cybersecurity Framework 2.0 Tackles Risk Management The NIST Cybersecurity Framework 2.0 (CSF) is moving into its final stages before its 2024 implementation.… More topics Topic updates Get email updates and stay ahead of the latest threats to the security landscape, thought leadership and research. Subscribe today Analysis and insights from hundreds of the brightest minds in the cybersecurity industry to help you prove compliance, grow business and stop threats. Cybersecurity News By Topic By Industry Exclusive Series X-Force Podcast Events Contact About Us Follow us on social © 2024 IBM Contact Privacy Terms of use Accessibility Cookie Preferences Sponsored by si-icon-eightbarfeature