Marc Andreessen, Author at Andreessen Horowitz ABOUT US News & Content Portfolio Team About Jobs Connect What we offer AI American Dynamism Bio + Health Consumer Crypto Enterprise Fintech Games Seed Program Growth Cultural Leadership Fund Talent x Opportunity Perennial FOLLOW a16z See More Results TOP SUGGESTIONS AI Machine & Deep Learning Infrastructure Fintech Product, Design & Engineering Education Marketplaces Web3 Follow Marc General Marc Andreessen Investing More About Marc Marc Andreessen is a Cofounder and General Partner at the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. He is an innovator and creator, one of the few to pioneer a software category used by more than a billion people and one of the few to establish multiple billion-dollar companies. Marc co-created the highly influential Mosaic internet browser and co-founded Netscape, which later sold to AOL for $4.2 billion. He also co-founded Loudcloud, which as Opsware, sold to Hewlett-Packard for $1.6 billion. He later served on the board of Hewlett-Packard from 2008 to 2018. Marc holds a BS in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Marc serves on the board of the following Andreessen Horowitz portfolio companies: Applied Intuition, Carta, Coinbase, Dialpad, Flow, Golden, Honor, OpenGov, Samsara, Simple Things, and TipTop Labs. He is also on the board of Meta. Latest Content Fixing Higher Education & New Startup Opportunities with Marc and Ben Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz "The Ben & Marc Show" features a16z's co-founders Ben Horowitz & Marc Andreessen. In this episode, Marc and Ben continue their in-depth exploration of the current education system. While Part I of their discussion unpacked the crisis facing higher education, Part II presents solutions to overhaul the modern university. Crisis in Higher Ed & Why Universities Still Matter with Marc & Ben Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz In this one-on-one conversation, Marc and Ben tackle the university system – what has certainly been a hot topic that’s been dominating the news over the past few months. As Marc states at the top of the episode, universities matter tremendously to our world, but they’re currently in a state of crisis. The Future of Longevity with Tony Robbins Marc Andreessen, Ben Horowitz, and Tony Robbins Marc and Ben are joined by special guest Tony Robbins to discuss new breakthroughs in regenerative medicine, AI, biohacking, gene editing, mindset and why this might be the best time to be alive. The Techno-Optimist Manifesto with Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz In an article that has sparked widespread conversation across traditional and social media, Marc challenges the pessimistic narrative surrounding technology today, and instead celebrates it as a liberating force that can lead to growth, progress and abundance for all. In this one-on-one conversation based on YOUR questions from X (formerly Twitter), Ben and Marc discuss how technological advancements can improve the quality of human life, uplift marginalized communities, and even encourage us to answer the bigger questions of the universe. The Techno-Optimist Manifesto Featured Marc Andreessen We are told that technology is on the brink of ruining everything. But we are being lied to, and the truth is so much better. Marc Andreessen presents his techno-optimist vision for the future. Load More Follow Marc Want more a16z? Thanks for signing up for the a16z newsletter. MANAGE MY SUBSCRIPTIONS By clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Privacy Policy. See More a16z Team Members See More a16z Content Download Headshot Want more a16z? Sign up to get the best of a16z content, news, and investments. Thanks for signing up for the a16z newsletter. Check your inbox for a welcome note. MANAGE MY SUBSCRIPTIONS By clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Privacy Policy. go to top © 2024 Andreessen Horowitz Conduct Terms of Use & Privacy Disclosures Power User Menu Home H