Legislative News, Studies and Analysis | National Conference of State Legislatures Skip to main content Foundation Careers Register Login Search Search Resources News Events About Us Resources and Tools for Legislators and Staff About State Legislatures Agriculture and Rural Development Center for Legislative Strengthening Center for Results-Driven Governing Civil and Criminal Justice Education Elections Energy Environment and Natural Resources Ethics Financial Services Fiscal Health Human Services Immigration International Labor and Employment Legislative Leaders Legislative Staff Legislators Military and Veterans Affairs NCSL Foundation News to Use People Policy Quad Caucus Redistricting State-Federal Technology Toolbox Transportation Women’s Legislative Network Search Elections map Map Monday: Presidential Primary Dates March 5 marks Super Tuesday, the single biggest day for presidential primaries. Elections 2024 Legislative Races by State and Chamber Find out which states and chambers are holding legislative elections, and how many seats are up for reelection this year. Education Innovative Postsecondary Funding Strategies Nearly 80% of state funding for postsecondary education is allocated directly to institutions via state higher education funding formulas. What's New BEAD: What You Need to Know About the Historic Grant Program Learn the nuts and bolts of the Broadband Equity, Access and Deployment program and the role legislators can play in the process. State-Federal NCSL Supports Swift Bipartisan Passage of 2024 Farm Bill In a letter to congressional leadership, NCSL urges timely reauthorization of the omnibus, multiyear law. Technology Social Media and Children Amid rising concerns about the effects of social media on children’s mental health, state legislators are introducing measures to protect kids while using the internet. State Legislatures News Women Find Their Voice in the Legislature For Women’s History Month, NCSL looks at the gains women have made in the nation’s legislatures. Policy ‘State of Play’: NCSL, A Starting Point Join Forces to Launch New Policy Video Series Elections 2023 Was Another Busy Year for Election Legislation State Legislatures The Laboratories of Democracy As the first branch of government, state legislatures are the place ideas, policy and opinions intersect and provide Americans a direct voice in the nation’s democracy. NCSL is home to the most comprehensive information available on legislatures in the 50 states, territories and commonwealths. Start learning about the institutions now: Demographics Partisan Composition Legislative Session Calendar Find Us: NCSL on Facebook NCSL on Twitter NCSL on Youtube NCSL on LinkedIn NCSL on Instagram Contact Us Contact Us x Denver 7700 E. First Place Denver, CO 80230 303-364-7700 Washington, D.C. 444 N. Capitol St., N.W., Suite 515 Washington, D.C. 20001 202-624-5400 Terms of Use Privacy Statement Advertise With NCSL © 2024 by National Conference of State Legislatures