International Association of Privacy Professionals language English (EN) Français Español Deutsch Português(Brasil) About the IAPP Enterprise Services Contact Calendar MyIAPP search News Connect Train Certify Resources Conferences Join Store Store shopping_cart {[ getCartTotalItems() ]} Main Menuclose search close Shopping Cart shopping_cart {[ getCartTotalItems() ]} English (EN)language radio_button_checkedEnglish radio_button_uncheckedFrançais radio_button_uncheckedEspañol radio_button_uncheckedDeutsch radio_button_uncheckedPortuguês (Brasil) Homehome News Connectgroup Trainschool Certify Resourcesassessment Conferencesevent Joinperson_add Storestore MyIAPPperson_outline About the IAPPinfo_outline Enterprise Servicesdomain Contactsend Calendarcalendar_today menu shopping_cart {[ getCartTotalItems() ]} person_outline Login close News Stream Books Videos Web Conferences Subscriptions Advertise About IAPP Publications Daily Dashboard The day’s top stories from around the world AI Governance Dashboard – New Stay on top of the latest AI governance news and developments of the profession. The Privacy Advisor Original reporting and feature articles on the latest privacy developments Privacy Perspectives Where the real conversations in privacy happen Privacy Tech Exploring the technology of privacy Canada Dashboard Digest A roundup of the top Canadian privacy news Europe Data Protection Digest A roundup of the top European data protection news Asia-Pacific Dashboard Digest A roundup of the top privacy news from the Asia-Pacific region Latin America Dashboard Digest A roundup of the top privacy news from Latin America U.S. Privacy Digest A roundup of US privacy news Overview KnowledgeNet Chapters Sections Affinity Groups Volunteer Annual Awards Member Directory Career Central Find a KnowledgeNet Chapter Near You Talk privacy and network with local members at IAPP KnowledgeNet Chapter meetings, taking place worldwide. IAPP Job Board Looking for a new challenge, or need to hire your next privacy pro? The IAPP Job Board is the answer. Member Directory Locate and network with fellow privacy professionals using this peer-to-peer directory. IAPP Calendar Review a filterable list of conferences, KnowledgeNets, LinkedIn Live broadcasts, networking events, web conferences and more. Overview Online Training Live Online Training In-Person Training Books Practice Exams Train Your Staff Official Training Partners Web Conferences Artificial Intelligence Governance Professional Learn how to surround AI with policies and procedures that make the most of its potential by reducing its risks. European Data Protection (CIPP/E) Understand Europe’s framework of laws, regulations and policies, most significantly the GDPR. U.S. Private-Sector Privacy (CIPP/US) Steer a course through the interconnected web of federal and state laws governing U.S. data privacy. Canadian Privacy (CIPP/C) Learn the intricacies of Canada’s distinctive federal/provincial/territorial data privacy governance systems. Privacy Program Management (CIPM) Develop the skills to design, build and operate a comprehensive data protection program. Privacy in Technology (CIPT) Add to your tech knowledge with deep training in privacy-enhancing technologies and how to deploy them. Foundations of Privacy and Data Protection Introductory training that builds organizations of professionals with working privacy knowledge. Privacy Law Specialist Training (PLS) Meet the stringent requirements to earn this American Bar Association-certified designation. Overview Certification Programs Get Certified How to Prepare Continuing Privacy Education (CPE) Fees Certify Your Staff Verify a Certification CIPP Certification The global standard for the go-to person for privacy laws, regulations and frameworks CIPM Certification The first and only privacy certification for professionals who manage day-to-day operations CIPT Certification As technology professionals take on greater privacy responsibilities, our updated certification is keeping pace with 50% new content covering the latest developments. FIP Designation Recognizing the advanced knowledge and issue-spotting skills a privacy pro must attain in today’s complex world of data privacy. Privacy Law Specialist The first title to verify you meet stringent requirements for knowledge, skill, proficiency and ethics in privacy law, and one of the ABA’s newest accredited specialties. AIGP Certification COMING SOON: Ensures individuals responsible for AI systems can reduce the risks associated with this technology. Certificação CDPO/BR Mostre seus conhecimentos na gestão do programa de privacidade e na legislação brasileira sobre privacidade. Certification CDPO/FR Certification des compétences du DPO fondée sur la législation et règlementation française et européenne, agréée par la CNIL. Tools and Trackers Research Glossary Global Privacy Directory Enforcement Database Westin Research Center Web Conferences Jobs Privacy Vendor Marketplace Reports and Surveys Access all reports and surveys published by the IAPP. Privacy Governance Report This report shines a light on the location, performance and significance of privacy governance within organizations. Privacy Professionals Salary Survey This report explores the compensation, both financial and nonfinancial, offered to privacy professionals. Privacy Risk Study This year’s Privacy Risk Study represents the most comprehensive study of privacy risk undertaken by the IAPP in collaboration with KPMG. US State Privacy Legislation Tracker The IAPP’s US State Privacy Legislation Tracker consists of proposed and enacted comprehensive state privacy bills from across the U.S. Artificial Intelligence On this topic page, you can find the IAPP’s collection of coverage, analysis and resources covering AI connections to the privacy space. CCPA and CPRA IAPP members can get up-to-date information here on the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. EU General Data Protection Regulation The IAPP's EU General Data Protection Regulation page collects the guidance, analysis, tools and resources you need to make sure you're meeting your obligations. Data Protection Intensive: UK Explore the full range of U.K. data protection issues, from global policy to daily operational details. Global Privacy Summit Expand your network and expertise at the world’s top privacy event featuring A-list keynotes and high-profile experts. AI Governance Global A new event in Brussels for business leaders, tech and privacy pros who work with AI to learn about practical AI governance, accountability, the EU AI Act and more. Canada Privacy Symposium Leaders from across the country’s privacy field deliver insights, discuss trends, offer predictions and share best practices. Asia Privacy Forum Hear top experts discuss global privacy issues and regulations affecting business across Asia. Privacy. Security. Risk. (P.S.R.) P.S.R. focuses on the intersection of privacy and technology. The call for proposals to speak at the 2024 event is open. Submit your ideas today. Europe Data Protection Congress Europe’s top experts offer pragmatic insights into the evolving landscape and share knowledge on best practices for your data protection operation. ANZ Summit Gain exclusive insights about how privacy affects business in Australia and Aotearoa New Zealand. Speak at an IAPP Event View our open calls and submission instructions. Sponsor an Event Increase visibility for your organization — check out sponsorship opportunities today. Individual Membership Corporate Membership Group Membership Student Membership Become a Member Start taking advantage of the many IAPP member benefits today Corporate Members See our list of high-profile corporate members—and find out why you should become one, too Renew Your Membership Don’t miss out for a minute—continue accessing your benefits {[ product.name ]} clear mode_editEdit remove_circle_outline {[ getCartItemQuantity(product.id) ]} add_circle_outline {[ product.price | currencyFilter ]} TOTAL: {[ getCartTotalCost() | currencyFilter ]} Update cart for total shopping_basket Checkout autorenew UPDATE CART IAPP Global Privacy Summit 2024 |1-4 April | Washington, D.C. Do not let the one-month clock run out on you You still have time to attend privacy’s top annual event Register today The International Association of Privacy Professionals: Policy neutral, we are the world’s largest information privacy organization. Learn more A view from Brussels: AI, cookies, children's privacy lead priorities in 2024 Isabelle Roccia, CIPP/E Read More queue Save This US executive order will address brokers' sensitive data transfers to 'countries of concern' Alex LaCasse Read More queue Save This Registration for AI Governance Global 2024 in Brussels is now open Build your skills, knowledge and network in AI governance. Learn More In the News Mar 1, 2024 US Commerce secretary would consider ban on Chinese companies accessing US citizens' data Read More queue Save This Mar 1, 2024 Garante alleges OpenAI's ChatGPT violated GDPR Read More queue Save This Mar 1, 2024 Singapore's PDPC issues use guidelines for AI-powered automated decision-making Read More queue Save This Mar 1, 2024 US senators disagree on future path of KOSA Read More queue Save This More News Learn AI governance from your office or home Register for AI Governance Professional live online training. Learn More Recent Comments Feb 21, 2024 The AI Act's debiasing exception to the GDPR 2 Read More queue Save This Feb 20, 2024 Implications of EDPB's looming 'pay or OK' guidelines 1 Read More queue Save This Feb 5, 2024 NIST cybersecurity center expands privacy efforts 1 Read More queue Save This Feb 5, 2024 EU, US to collaborate on cybersecurity measures Read More queue Save This More News Job Opportunities Mar 4, 2024 Senior Privacy Specialist, Fresenius Medical Care, REMOTE Learn More queue Save This Mar 4, 2024 Legal Counsel, Privacy, CyberArk, Remote Learn More queue Save This Feb 28, 2024 Data Compliance Lead, SpreeAI, Remote, Preferably Los Angeles, CA Learn More queue Save This More Jobs Video A sneak peek at Summit: Kashmir Hill More Videos queue Save This More Videos Resources Global AI Law and Policy Tracker Read More queue Save This California Rulemaking Process Overview Read More queue Save This US State Privacy Legislation Tracker Read More queue Save This Consumer Perspectives of Privacy and Artificial Intelligence Read More queue Save This EU AI Act: Next Steps for Implementation Read More queue Save This More Resources Membership makes sense Discounts add up. Join us today. Learn More Become a member IAPP members get access to tons of great benefits Learn More News Find out what’s making headlines today. In the rapid changes in data protection, we make it easy to stay in the know with daily news updates, expert analysis, original reporting, legislative alerts and opinion pieces from the influencers making the news. Learn More Connect There are lots of ways to connect with fellow members and the privacy community. From local chapter meetings to virtual networks to social media, you’ll find networking opportunities to help you get involved. Learn More Training From privacy training to web conferences to books and beyond, you’ll find the resources you need to build your knowledge, power up your staff and be more effective at your job. Learn More Certification Looking for a way to stand out? Add an IAPP credential after your name. Whether you want to distinguish yourself from others in your field or to advance your skills, a globally recognized IAPP certification is the edge you’re looking for. Learn More Resources The IAPP offers all the tools and information you need to get your job done. We’ve collected templates, forms, charts and checklists to help you with everything you can think of, from privacy notices to data breach response to cybersecurity and beyond. Learn More Conferences There’s no better way to experience the IAPP community. Whether you’re looking for education, networking or access to privacy experts and regulators, IAPP conferences are where it’s at. We host eight premier conferences around the world each year. Learn More About The IAPP is the largest and most comprehensive global information privacy community and resource. Founded in 2000, the IAPP is a not-for-profit organization that helps define, promote and improve the privacy profession globally. What is Privacy Corporate Members Board of Directors Advisory Boards IAPP Staff Locations Become a member The IAPP is the only place you’ll find a comprehensive body of resources, knowledge and experts to help you navigate the complex landscape of today’s data-driven world. We offer individual, corporate and group memberships, and all members have access to an extensive array of benefits. Sign Up Today © 2024 International Association of Privacy Professionals.All rights reserved. Pease International Tradeport, 75 Rochester Ave.Portsmouth, NH 03801 USA • +1 603.427.9200 Contact Us Press Advertise Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Conditions of Use Refund Policy Cookie Settings language English (EN) Français Español Deutsch Português(Brasil)