Niko - home automation, switches, socket outlets and detector Products Products Home automation Switches and sockets Detectors Door communication Dimmers and lighting About Niko About Niko Who we are What we do Working at Niko Need help? Need help? Where to buy Downloads Support Professionals Professionals Online catalogue Engineering offices International België Österreich Belgique Polski Danmark Schweiz Deutschland Slovensko France Suisse International (EN) Sverige Nederland My Niko International België Österreich Belgique Polski Danmark Schweiz Deutschland Slovensko France Suisse International (EN) Sverige Nederland ! This version of Internet Explorer is not supported anymore ! We recommend to visit our website with another browser (Microsoft Edge, Chrome, Firefox, ...) Niko Rocker en Niko Toggle Intelligent design with Belgian flair and craftsmanship Discover Online catalogue Technical product information for professionals Online catalogue Partners of Niko Which brands can be connected to Niko Home Control? Read more Find an installer Get advice, the right products and a professional to install them Find a qualified installer Latest news & inspiration News 2/20/2024 Niko Rocker and Niko Toggle Designer switches designed to stand out Read more News 12/12/2023 Streamlining the commissioning of detectors Harvest instant benefits from seamless communication between Niko P40 and M40 detector series, the Niko detector tool app and online portal. Read more News 11/29/2023 3 new partners Connect Jaga, Bosch and Buderus to Niko Home Control Read more News & inspiration overview About Niko The benefits of expertise and experience The founders of Niko, Werner and Alfons De Backer, first started making switches and sockets 100 years ago. Since then, the company has established a strong reputation for well-designed and user-friendly electrical controls – from wall switches to detectors and automation systems. Our story Our brochures In search of more information? Our professional and inspirational brochures will inspire you and guide you to the ideal solution. Brochure center Find an installer Get advice, the right products and a professional to install them Find a qualified installer Online catalogue Home Automation Switches and sockets Detectors Light and light control Door communication Wireless controls Discover Brochures Showroom Where to buy News & inspiration My favorites Support Customer services FAQ My Niko Technical support Training Where to buy Corporate Privacy & cookies Terms and conditions Legal entities Policies & procedures Sustainability Jobs Who we are Contact International België Österreich Belgique Polski Danmark Schweiz Deutschland Slovensko France Suisse International (EN) Sverige Nederland Industriepark-West 40 9100 Sint-Niklaas (Belgium) T: +32 3 778 90 00 F: +32 3 777 71 20 Road works Follow us ©2024 - Niko - website terms of use International België Österreich Belgique Polski Danmark Schweiz Deutschland Slovensko France Suisse International (EN) Sverige Nederland Industriepark-West 40 9100 Sint-Niklaas (Belgium) T: +32 3 778 90 00 F: +32 3 777 71 20 Road works ©2024 - Niko - website terms of use We use cookies Some cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of our website and these cannot be refused, while others are used for statistical and marketing purposes. These help us both to improve your surfing experience and to know you better. If you’d like to choose which information you share with Niko then you can set your own preferences. These will be stored automatically and can be modified at any time via Manage Cookies. Want to find out more? Consult our cookie policy. Cookie Settings Accept Cookies Cookie settings This website makes use of the following types of cookies: Strictly Necessary Cookies Always active These cookies help you to use our website through basic functions such as page navigation. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Performance Cookies Active Inactive Cookies that measure how the website operates and how visitors use the website. Targeting Cookies Active Inactive Marketing cookies make it possible to personalise our online advertisements. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging to the individual user, and which are therefore more valuable to publishers and third party advertisers. Save Settings Allow All