Storage Information, News and Tips from TechTarget Storage Search the TechTarget Network Login Register Explore the Network TechTarget Network Disaster Recovery Data Backup Data Center Sustainability and ESG Storage Architecture & Strategy Cloud Storage Flash Management & Analytics Primary Storage Devices More Topics System & Application Software Other Content News Features Tips Webinars 2023 IT Salary Survey Results More Answers Conference Guides Definitions Opinions Podcasts Quizzes Tech Accelerators Tutorials Videos Sponsored Communities Follow: New & Notable News HPE GreenLake for File Storage update aimed at AI News Azure's new storage products keeps Microsoft competitive New Azure storage offerings from Microsoft or from vendor partners such as Qumulo aim to increase parity with hyperscaler rivals and draw more enterprise buyers into its cloud. News NetApp deepens storage offerings, security for AI buyers New data protection and ransomware recovery features headline the latest NetApp updates. The vendor is also expanding its Nvidia partnership to ensure its offerings are AI-ready. Evaluate Is hyperscale NAS the future of storage in the AI era? Storage for AI workloads will require high capacity and performance. Some vendors have started to tackle this issue, for example with global file system technology. Manage RPO vs. RTO: Key differences explained with examples, tips The recovery point objective and recovery time objective enable an organization to know how much data it can lose and how long it can be down, key elements of a backup and DR plan. Trending Topics System & Application Software Get Started Cloudian HyperStore 8 unites file, object storage Cloudian's latest release of HyperStore lets hybrid storage deployments seamlessly swap between file and object. Analysts speculate how it will compete in a crowded market. Management & Analytics News Panzura board appoints Waldschmidt as CEO Dan Waldschmidt replaces Jill Stelfox at the SaaS storage vendor. Stelfox led the company since 2020 and says she's 'actively choosing to be silent right now.' Architecture & Strategy Manage RPO vs. RTO: Key differences explained with examples, tips The recovery point objective and recovery time objective enable an organization to know how much data it can lose and how long it can be down, key elements of a backup and DR plan. Primary Storage Devices Evaluate Is hyperscale NAS the future of storage in the AI era? Storage for AI workloads will require high capacity and performance. Some vendors have started to tackle this issue, for example with global file system technology. Flash News IBM FlashSystem update focuses on ransomware detection IBM FlashSystem builds on the ransomware fight in primary storage by adding AI to its FlashCore Module storage media and to Storage Defender, its data protection SaaS. Cloud Storage Get Started How AI and cloud storage can work together AI can help cloud storage providers with management, but challenges for users include vendor compatibility issues, lack of transparency in cost and privacy concerns. Topics Covered Cloud storage Flash memory and storage Primary storage devices Storage architecture and strategy Storage management and analytics Storage system and application software Find Solutions For Your Project Evaluate Is hyperscale NAS the future of storage in the AI era? Storage for AI workloads will require high capacity and performance. Some vendors have started to tackle this issue, for example with global file system technology. How can flape storage help my organization? Will 2024 herald an on-premises infrastructure renaissance? Start preparing now for the 50 TB-plus HDD era View All Evaluate Problem Solve 7 causes of SSD failure and how to deal with them Although SSDs are a reliable storage technology, they are still prone to occasional failure. Here are some best practices to keep your SSDs humming along. Ask these 9 cloud storage questions before use 8 best practices for a zero-trust storage strategy Why Amazon S3 is a ransomware target and how to protect it View All Problem Solve Manage RPO vs. RTO: Key differences explained with examples, tips The recovery point objective and recovery time objective enable an organization to know how much data it can lose and how long it can be down, key elements of a backup and DR plan. How AI and cloud storage can work together How to employ conventional SSD management 7 best practices for cloud storage migration View All Manage Pro+ Storage Downloads View All E-Zine | February 2022 The best enterprise storage products of 2021 Download E-Zine | August 2021 Pay-as-you-go cloud storage helps data centers stay flexible Download E-Zine | February 2021 The best enterprise storage products of 2020 Download E-Zine | November 2020 How intelligent storage optimizes IT infrastructure with AI, ML Download E-Handbook | October 2020 High-performance data storage goes from NVMe to SCM Download Storage Technology Basics Get Started Hadoop as a service (HaaS) Hadoop as a service (HaaS), also known as Hadoop in the cloud, is a big data analytics framework that stores and analyzes data in the cloud using Hadoop. Get Started 2024 data storage conference lineup spotlights AI, memory The 2024 storage conference calendar features a number of high-profile events. Expect product news from major vendors at these shows, plus discussions about top storage trends. Get Started primary storage (main storage) Primary storage is the collective methods and technologies that capture and retain digital information in active use and critical for an organization's operations. View All Get Started Multimedia Videos, Podcasts, Photo Stories and Infographics View all Multimedia Videos Podcasts Photo Stories Infographics News Data storage trends include increases in cloud, NAND flash Manage Efficient data storage tips to achieve a green data center Manage IT staffing trends evolve during a trying 2020 Sections from across Storage News View All Flash memory and storage IBM FlashSystem update focuses on ransomware detection IBM FlashSystem builds on the ransomware fight in primary storage by adding AI to its FlashCore Module storage media and to Storage Defender, its data protection SaaS. Storage architecture and strategy Arcitecta leverages metadata to move critical data faster Arcitecta has found a way to increase the data transfer speed of its Mediaflux Livewire software, which can be valuable for projects that demand significant collaboration. Storage architecture and strategy New Hammerspace capability sets up enterprise AI The latest update to Hammerspace's software-defined storage system removes metadata from data path, enabling HPC to use data from any storage source without specialized hardware. Storage Definitions Hadoop as a service (HaaS) primary storage (main storage) file system RAM (random access memory) disk array computational storage disk mirroring (RAID 1) cloud SLA (cloud service-level agreement) persistent storage SSD write cycle shingled magnetic recording (SMR) cloud data management cloud hosting Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE) dedicated cloud megabyte (MB) View All Definitions Latest TechTarget resources Disaster Recovery Data Backup Data Center Sustainability and ESG Disaster Recovery Free business continuity testing template for IT pros Business continuity testing can be a major challenge for any organization. This free template offers ways to incorporate testing ... Komprise adds disaster recovery with granular restorations The Komprise Intelligent Data Management platform gains new DR capabilities that enable granular recovery of file and object ... 7 top business continuity certifications to consider in 2024 Organizations can bolster and validate the expertise of their IT teams with a variety of certifications. There are several ... Data Backup Veeam adds to MS 365, Azure backup-as-a-service market Veeam has added to its portfolio of Microsoft 365 and Azure backup and disaster recovery offerings with its new Veeam Data Cloud,... Cohesity Gaia enables GenAI content creation using backups A new generative AI capability in the Cohesity Data Cloud platform enables content creation from backup data and aims to ... Cohesity CEO on customer choice following Veritas merger Sanjay Poonen, CEO of Cohesity, talks about his company's recent purchase of Veritas, what customers should expect in the year ... Data Center Guide to lift-and-shift data center migration The lift-and-shift approach moves an app and its data from one environment to another. Understanding the pros and cons can help a... Importance of backup generator power for data centers Data center generators are rarely run; however, they must go through regular testing and maintenance to ensure they work when a ... Use Glances to monitor your data center systems Glances is a real-time, Python-based performance monitor. Administrators with data centers that house multiple OSes should ... Sustainability and ESG Web3 and sustainability: Benefits and risks The Web 3.0 concept presents major advances to the World Wide Web, but the tech that underpins it also has environmental impacts,... 5 ways to reduce an organization's digital carbon footprint From optimizing video conferences to minimizing unnecessary data storage, learn practical strategies that can help shrink an ... 7 tech jobs IT pros can use to help the environment Almost every job can be used to help save the planet, and that's true for IT roles as well. Learn how these seven business tech ... About Us Editorial Ethics Policy Meet The Editors Contact Us Advertisers Partner with Us Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Answers Definitions E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2024, TechTarget Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences Cookie Preferences Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Close