Hoover Institution Events Student Opportunities About Hoover About Hoover Located on the campus of Stanford University and in Washington, DC, the Hoover Institution is the nation’s preeminent research center dedicated to generating policy ideas that promote economic prosperity, national security, and democratic governance. Learn More The Hoover Story Hoover Timeline & History Mission Statement Vision of the Institution Today Key Focus Areas Topics Who we are About our Fellows Leadership Research Programs Annual Reports Overseers Hoover in DC News Events Contact Us Careers Fellowship Opportunities Visit Hoover David and Joan Traitel Building & Rental Information Newsletter Subscriptions Connect With Us Student Opportunities Fellows Fellows Hoover scholars form the Institution’s core and create breakthrough ideas aligned with our mission and ideals. What sets Hoover apart from all other policy organizations is its status as a center of scholarly excellence, its locus as a forum of scholarly discussion of public policy, and its ability to bring the conclusions of this scholarship to a public audience. View All Fellows Featured Fellows Douglas Rivers Philip Zelikow Steven Koonin Arun Majumdar Chester E. Finn Jr. John H. Cochrane View All Research Programs Overview China's Global Sharp Power Project Economic Policy Group History Working Group Hoover Education Success Initiative National Security Task Force National Security, Technology & Law Working Group Middle East and the Islamic World Working Group Military History/Contemporary Conflict Working Group Renewing Indigenous Economies Project State & Local Governance Strengthening US-India Relations Technology, Economics, and Governance Working Group Taiwan in the Indo-Pacific Region View All Featured Work Read More Books by Hoover Fellows Read More Economics Working Papers Read More Hoover Education Success Initiative | The Papers Fellowship Opportunities Overview Hoover Fellows Program National Fellows Program Student Fellowship Program Veteran Fellowship Program Congressional Fellowship Program Media Fellowship Program Silas Palmer Fellowship Economic Fellowship Program test Research Research Throughout our over one-hundred-year history, our work has directly led to policies that have produced greater freedom, democracy, and opportunity in the United States and the world. Learn More Focus Areas Overview Determining America’s Role in the World Answering Challenges to Advanced Economies Empowering State and Local Governance Revitalizing History Confronting and Competing with China Revitalizing American Institutions Reforming K-12 Education Understanding Public Opinion Understanding the Effects of Technology on Economics and Governance Topics Overview Economics Education Energy & Environment Health Care History Immigration International Affairs Key Countries / Regions Law & Policy Politics & Public Opinion Science & Technology Security & Defense State & Local Publications Books by Fellows Essays Published Works by Fellows Working Papers Congressional Testimony Hoover Press PERIODICALS Eureka Strategika The Caravan Research Programs Overview China's Global Sharp Power Economic Policy History Lab History Working Group Hoover Education Global Policy & Strategy National Security, Technology & Law Middle East and the Islamic World Military History & Contemporary Conflict Renewing Indigenous Economies State and Local Governance Strengthening US-India Relations Technology, Economics, and Governance Taiwan in the Indo-Pacific Region View All test Commentary Commentary Hoover scholars offer analysis of current policy challenges and provide solutions on how America can advance freedom, peace, and prosperity. Learn More Focus Areas Overview Answering Challenges to Advanced Economies Determining America’s Role in the World Empowering State and Local Governance Revitalizing History Confronting and Competing with China Revitalizing American Institutions Reforming K-12 Education Understanding Public Opinion Understanding the Effects of Technology on Economics and Governance Topics Overview Economics Education Energy & Environment Health Care History Immigration International Affairs Key Countries / Regions Law & Policy Politics & Public Opinion Science & Technology Security & Defense State & Local Publications Overview China Global Sharp Power Weekly Alert Email newsletters Hoover Daily Report Subscription to Email Alerts Periodicals California on Your Mind Defining Ideas Hoover Digest View All Multimedia Overview Video Series Uncommon Knowledge Battlegrounds GoodFellows PolicyEd Hoover Events Capital Conversations Hoover Book Club View All AUDIO PODCASTS Matters of Policy & Politics Economics, Applied EconTalk Secrets of Statecraft Law Talk Pacific Century Libertarian View All test Library & Archives Support Hoover Support Hoover Learn more about joining the community of supporters and scholars working together to advance Hoover’s mission and values. Learn More Events Student Opportunities MyHoover MyHoover What is MyHoover? MyHoover delivers a personalized experience at Hoover.org. In a few easy steps, create an account and receive the most recent analysis from Hoover fellows tailored to your specific policy interests. Watch this video for an overview of MyHoover. Create Account Log In to MyHoover Sign in with Google Your Email Password Forgot Password? Log In Forgot Password Login? Recover MyHoover MyHoover What is MyHoover? MyHoover delivers a personalized experience at Hoover.org. In a few easy steps, create an account and receive the most recent analysis from Hoover fellows tailored to your specific policy interests. Watch this video for an overview of MyHoover. Create Account Log In to MyHoover Your Email Password Forgot Password? Log In Don't have an account? Sign up OR Sign in with Google Have questions? Contact us Forgot Password Login? Recover Support Hoover Support Hoover Learn more about joining the community of supporters and scholars working together to advance Hoover’s mission and values. Learn More Support the Mission of the Hoover Institution Subscribe to the Hoover Daily Report Follow Hoover on Social Media Make a Gift Your gift helps advance ideas that promote a free society. Donate Now Explore About Hoover Institution Meet Our Fellows Hoover Daily Report Focus Areas Hoover in DC Research Teams Library & Archives Fellows View All Commentary View All Research View All Library & archives View All All sections View All /sites/default/files/2022-06/Hoover_HP_VideoA_RAW_0.mp4 /sites/default/files/2022-06/Hoover_HP_VideoB_RAW%20.mp4 /sites/default/files/2022-06/Hoover_HP_VideoC_RAW_0.mp4 Welcome to the HOOVER INSTITUTION Seeking to improve the human condition by advancing ideas that promote economic opportunity and prosperity while securing and safeguarding peace for America and all mankind. Learn More . State Government Debt Structure By Oliver Giesecke via SSRN . The Political Economy Of American Indian Policy: Introduction To A Special Issue By Terry Anderson , Ilia Murtazashvili , Dominic Parker via Springer Link . The Evolution Of Work From Home By Steven J. Davis , Jose Maria Barrero , Nicholas Bloom via Journal of Economic Perspectives . A Nation At Risk +40 Edited By Steve Bowen , Margaret (Macke) Raymond via Hoover Institution . Social Security Wage Indexing Revisited By John F. Cogan , Daniel Heil via Economics Working Papers . The Legal Origins Of Financial Development: Evidence From The Shanghai Concessions By Ross Levine , Chen Lin , Chicheng Ma , Yuchen Xu via Analysis . How Election Rules Affect Who Wins By Justin Grimmer , Eitan Hersh via Eitan Hersh Featured For You View More . news Peter Blair Henry’s PhD Excellence Initiative, Now At Hoover, Celebrates Tenth Year After more than twenty years of conducting successful scholarship in economics, a bothersome observation lingered with Hoover senior fellow Peter Blair Henry: troublingly few women and minority scholars joined him in his profession’s front benches, despite the existence of abundant talent within the field. featuring Peter Blair Henry via Hoover Daily Report . Articles 40 Years After ‘A Nation At Risk’: What Worked, And Meeting The Challenges Ahead Forty years ago, the release of A Nation at Risk (ANAR) led to what is known today as the modern school reform movement. In a new series of papers from the Hoover Institution, a dozen scholars examine the reforms enacted over the past four decades, focusing on the impact of these efforts, digging into the evidence base and providing lessons for today’s education policymakers. By Steve Bowen via The 74 Million . Articles Niall Ferguson: The Treason Of The Intellectuals By Niall Ferguson via The Free Press . Videos Podcasts “The Treason Of The Intellectuals,” With Niall Ferguson interview with Niall Ferguson via Uncommon Knowledge with Peter Robinson . Working Papers Monetary Tightening, Commercial Real Estate Distress, And US Bank Fragility By Amit Seru , Gregor Matvos , Tomasz Piskorski , Erica Xuewei Jiang via NBER Working Paper . Articles How China Wields Its “Sharp Power” interview with Glenn Tiffert via Defining Ideas What is MyHoover? MyHoover delivers a personalized experience at Hoover.org. In a few easy steps, create an account and receive the most recent analysis from Hoover fellows tailored to your specific policy interests. Watch this video for an overview of MyHoover. Log In to MyHoover Email Address Password Forgot Password? Log In Don't have an account? Sign up OR Sign in with Google Have questions? Contact us Forgot Password Login? Recover Featured For You View More . Articles Confronting America’s Crisis In Trust Hoover Institution fellow Brandice Canes-Wrone discusses the mission of the Center for Revitalizing American Institutions and why it is important. interview with Brandice Canes-Wrone via Defining Ideas . News/Press Stanford Emerging Technology Review Launches with Public Event Featuring Leading University Officials and Tech Experts The Stanford Emerging Technology Review, an ambitious university-wide initiative dedicated to fostering a greater understanding among policymakers, industry leaders, and the attentive public about the breakthroughs and policy implications of frontier technologies shaping societies and economies, launched with a public event on the Stanford campus. via Hoover Daily Report . Books Defense Budgeting for a Safer World: The Experts Speak By Michael J. Boskin , John Rader , Kiran Sridhar via Hoover Institution Press . Articles Commerce Secretary & Others Discuss AI & Innovation featuring Condoleezza Rice via C-SPAN . Videos Podcasts Davos, World War III, Essential Books, And No Swearing interview with John H. Cochrane , Niall Ferguson , H.R. McMaster , Bill Whalen via GoodFellows . Working Papers Effect of Organizations on MD Prescribing: Case of Opioids By M. Kate Bundorf , Dan Kessler , Sahil Lalwani via National Bureau of Economic Research What is MyHoover? MyHoover delivers a personalized experience at Hoover.org. In a few easy steps, create an account and receive the most recent analysis from Hoover fellows tailored to your specific policy interests. Watch this video for an overview of MyHoover. Log In to MyHoover Email Address Password Forgot Password? Log In Don't have an account? Sign up OR Sign in with Google Have questions? Contact us Forgot Password Login? Recover Commentary on the News news What Are The Risks And Opportunities Of Future International Research Collaboration? via Hoover Daily Report Articles Fiscal Policy And The Fed Work At Cross-Purposes By Mickey D. Levy via Defining Ideas learn more Videos Michael McConnell: Insurrection And The 14th Amendment Hoover Institution fellow Michael McConnell debates the 14th amendment’s insurrection clause, and how it relates to former President Trump’s role in the events that took place on January 6, 2021. interview with Michael McConnell via The Federalist Society Articles Anti-Zionism And Antisemitism: A Note On Cüppers By Russell A. Berman via Telos Press Videos 100% Cotton: The Senator From Arkansas On Issues Domestic And Foreign interview with Thomas Cotton via Uncommon Knowledge with Peter Robinson Videos Consequences Matter: Thomas Sowell On “Social Justice Fallacies” interview with Thomas Sowell via Uncommon Knowledge with Peter Robinson Core Institutional Priorities View More Featured Fellows View More Douglas Rivers Senior Fellow Philip Zelikow Senior Fellow Steven Koonin Senior Fellow (adjunct) Arun Majumdar Senior Fellow (courtesy) Chester E. Finn Jr. Volker Senior Fellow (adjunct) John H. Cochrane Rose-Marie and Jack Anderson Senior Fellow Terry Anderson John and Jean De Nault Senior Fellow (Adjunct) Featured Work: Podcasts Iowa And Beyond: Three’s A (Republican) Crowd? Some of the various political dynamics heading into Iowa and beyond include whether there’s room for three viable Republican candidates in January’s and February’s contests. January 11, 2024 interview David Brady Featured Work: Articles The Atrophy Of American Statecraft [Subscription Required] The world has entered a period of high crisis. Wars rage in Europe and the Middle East, and the threat of war looms in East Asia. In Russia, China, and North Korea, the United States faces three hostile states with nuclear weapons and, in Iran, another on the verge of acquiring them. December 12, 2023 Philip Zelikow Featured Work: Articles A Climate of “Mischief” In climate research, the science is too often buried under the politics. Scientist and Hoover senior fellow Steven E. Koonin shows how. January 16, 2024 Peter M. Robinson Featured Work: Articles Open Letter From Dean Arun Majumdar Majumdar discusses academic freedom and the resources that support research: "partnerships are based on trust." October 23, 2023 Arun Majumdar Featured Work: Articles May the Talented Students Bloom States don’t serve gifted learners well. Here’s a detailed plan for doing better. January 16, 2024 Chester E. Finn Jr. Featured Work: Books Getting Monetary Policy Back on Track Experts in economic policy debate the 2021 surge in inflation, why the Federal Reserve was slow to respond, and whether rule-like policy is the best approach to controlling inflation. March 1, 2024 Michael D. Bordo Featured Work: Articles The Political Economy Of American Indian Policy: Introduction To A Special Issue Historically and currently, federal policies governing American Indian country do not typically resemble policies that economists think would stimulate economic and cultural prosperity. This special issue employs Public Choice and New Institutional Economics to analyze the origins and consequences of these policies. January 16, 2024 Terry Anderson FEATURED PUBLICATIONS View More learn more Strategika An online journal that analyzes ongoing issues of national security in light of conflicts of the past. Read More learn more Articles The United States Really Can Deter Iran, But Only If It Really Wants To By Edward N. Luttwak via Strategika learn more Articles How To Stop Iran By Jerry Hendrix via Strategika learn more The Caravan The Caravan is a quarterly publication on the contemporary dilemmas of the Greater Middle East Read More learn more Articles The Ivory Tower Of Ideology And How To Fix It By Russell A. Berman via The Caravan learn more Articles Khamenei’s Muscular “Soft Power” In The US By Abbas Milani via The Caravan learn more California on Your Mind Analysis, politics, and the economics of the Golden State Read More learn more Articles As California Declines, So Do Its US Senate Candidates By Lee Ohanian via California on Your Mind learn more Articles Does The Vice President Need to Do Some Convention-al Thinking? By Bill Whalen via California on Your Mind More Videos & Podcasts The World According To China With Elizabeth Economy Dr. Economy is the author of half a dozen books, including her most recent volume, The World According to China. She has just returned to Hoover after a two-year leave of absence in Washington, where she served as senior advisor for China to Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo. Watch Video Michael Boskin: Defense Budgeting For A Safer World Budgeting for two “hot” wars plus “Cold War 2.0" with China. Read More War, Tribe, And Freedom: A Conversation With Sebastian Junger In this episode of Battlegrounds, H.R. McMaster and Sebastian Junger discuss the necessity of unity, the importance of the tribe, and the future of American democracy, Wednesday, November 8, 2023. Watch Video NATO's Enduring Value The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has proven its enduring value and necessity through its unified support of Ukraine against Russia's invasion, its historic role in securing peace in Europe, and its continued ability to expand and strengthen, as evidenced by the recent addition of Finland and Sweden. Watch Video Library & Archives View More . A World-Class Library & Archives Founded by Herbert Hoover in 1919, the Hoover Institution Library & Archives is home to some of the world's most renowned collections documenting war, revolution, peace, and political, economic, and social change in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. Free and open to all, discover how to search the collections, arrange a research visit, or explore exhibitions by clicking below. Learn More Learn More Exhibitions | Now On View The exhibitions Dynamic Design: Transforming Posters at Hoover (June 28–December 20, 2023) and Hoover@100: Ideas Defining A Century (ongoing) are open and free to all visitors to Hoover Tower, at the heart of Stanford University campus. Learn More Learn More Research Services Planning an onsite visit to the reading room? Conducting your research from afar? Staff are ready to connect you with the most relevant materials through reference consultations, assisting with registration and material requests, digitization, and more. Learn More The Collections Acquiring, preserving, and making accessible collections of enduring value, including more than one million library volumes and over six thousand archival collections. Digital First Initiative Our aim is to make full archival collections accessible to researchers around the world through the digitization of textual, graphical, sound, and moving-image materials. Engagement & Outreach Building connections to our collections by sparking curiosity in audiences interested in the meaning and role of history through exhibitions, classes, tours, and special programing. Poll This week, President Biden will deliver the annual State of the Union Speech. A quote he should use Choices We attend to our own affairs, conserve our own strength, and protect the interests of our own citizens; but we recognize thoroughly our obligation to help others. (Calvin Coolidge, 1923) I shall withhold from neither the Congress nor the people any fact or report, past, present, or future, which is necessary for an informed judgment of our conduct and hazards. (John F. Kennedy, 1961) I must say to you that the state of the union is not good. (Gerald Ford, 1975). [W]e must stick to our carefully integrated plan for recovery . . . continued reduction of the growth in federal spending . . . preserving the individual and business tax reductions . . . (Ronald Reagan, 1982) We know big government does not have all the answers. We know there’s not a program for every problem . . . The era of big government is over. (Bill Clinton, 1996) On Join the Hoover Institution’s community of supporters in ideas advancing freedom. Support With its eminent scholars and world-renowned library and archives, the Hoover Institution seeks to improve the human condition by advancing ideas that promote economic opportunity and prosperity while securing and safeguarding peace for America and all mankind. Key Site Sections About Hoover Research Commentary Fellows Library & Archives Support Hoover Search Quick Links Student Opportunities News Events Contact Us Hoover Daily Report Hoover Press Visit Visit Visit Visit Visit Subscribe to receive the Hoover Daily Report. First and Last Name Email The opinions expressed on this website are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the Hoover Institution or Stanford University. © 2024 by the Board of Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University. Privacy Policy Sitemap (XML) Up