NATO - Homepage About us What is NATO? Founding Treaty NATO member countries NATO’s partnerships Structure Who's who? Secretary General NATO History NATO on the Map Strategic Concepts Dispatches from the field We are NATO Funding NATO What we do Encyclopedia of NATO Topics Collective defence and Article 5 Deterrence and defence De-bunking Russian disinformation on NATO NATO-Ukraine relations Exercises Cyber defence Environment, climate change and security Women, Peace and Security Newsroom News Media advisories Press Office contacts Media accreditation Speeches & transcripts Factsheets Photos Video Audio Event programmes Official texts Use of content Work with us Careers at NATO Young Professionals Programme Internship Programme Business opportunities NATO Co-sponsorship grants Learn more Basic texts NATO at a glance NATO Terminology Standardization Agreements NATO Archives Newsroom archive (pre 2008) NATO Library NATO Research Guides Secretary General’s Annual Report Brand Identity Manual Follow us English English Français Pусский Українська Get the latest updates Latest news 04 Mar. 2024 NATO completes modernisation of major airbase in Albania Albania officially re-opened Kuçova airbase on Monday (4 March 2024), after transforming the decades-old base into a modern hub for NATO future air operations. Located around 80 kilometres south of Tirana, Kuçova airbase will serve Albania and support Alliance logistics, air operations, training and exercises. NATO funded the base upgrade with around €50 million. NATO Secretary General's statement on the second anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine Deputy Secretary General addresses NATO’s priorities at Sciences Po Toulouse Deputy Secretary General in Spain: NATO is in a new era of strategic and industrial transformation Czechia to host informal meeting of NATO Foreign Ministers in May Statement by the NATO-Ukraine Council marking two years of Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine Ceremony at NATO Headquarters marks two years since Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine ALL NEWS Featured 04 Mar. 2024 An army marches on its stomach: military rations across the Alliance 01 Mar. 2024 NATO Allies train in Arctic Norway 19 Feb. 2024 Steadfast Defender 24 29 Feb. 2024 VIDEO: Tank Hunters - the US Army's Apache attack helicopters 26 Feb. 2024 Finns train NATO Allies in winter survival skills 24 Feb. 2024 VIDEO: NATO stands with all Ukrainians fighting for their freedom and our shared security NATO's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine 05 Feb. 2024 Art for peace and security: NATO launches anniversary mural competition 01 Mar. 2024 NATO Allies conduct drills to hunt submarines in exercise Dynamic Manta 24 08 Feb. 2024 NATO launches challenge for women and girls in science What is NATO? NATO is a political and military alliance of countries from Europe and North America. Its members are committed to protecting each other from any threat. What is NATO? NATO member countries NATO on the Map Deterrence and defence We Are NATO Support for Ukraine NATO condemns Russia's war against Ukraine in the strongest terms. The Alliance remains steadfast in its support for Ukraine, helping to uphold its fundamental right to self-defence. NATO's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine Relations with Ukraine Debunking Russian disinformation on NATO NATO HISTORY In 2024, NATO is celebrating its 75th anniversary. For more than seven decades, the Alliance has ensured the security of its members and adapted to address new challenges. A short history of NATO NATO: a history in snapshots My country and NATO NATO's founding treaty The Secretary General Biography of NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg Follow me on X (formerly Twitter) Secretary General’s Annual Report Event Calendar Upcoming Recent Mar 14 Launch of the NATO Secretary General's Annual Report for 2023 Apr 3 Meeting of NATO Ministers of Foreign Affairs - Brussels, 3-4 April 2024 Feb 21 NATO Secretary General meets the Prime Minister of Georgia Feb 16 NATO Secretary General to attend the Munich Security Conference Feb 15 Meeting of NATO Ministers of Defence – UPDATED Feb 7 North Atlantic Council Meeting with the Invitee in National Security Advisers Format at NATO Headquarters Feb 1 Visit to Bosnia and Herzegovina by the North Atlantic Council NATO Review Read/listen to personal perspectives, expert opinion, analysis and debate on a broad range of security issues. The views expressed by authors are their own. Loss, defiance, and the fight for justice: the stories of three women from Ukraine 05 Mar. 2024 I had an important package to deliver, and it was crucial for it to be well wrapped. The package I was wrapping could not be sent by ordinary mail. I had to deliver it personally because its destination was in the world of the dead. The story of Saint Javelin 22 Feb. 2024 In early February 2022, as the drumbeat of war grew louder and louder, I sat glued to my phone, scrolling social media, and starting to build what would eventually become Saint Javelin. It had been several years since I’d worked as a journalist in Ukraine, but I couldn’t focus on anything besides the impending invasion. As global leaders released waves of intelligence about Putin’s intentions, my mind began to replay key moments that shaped my understanding of Russia’s brutality against Ukraine. Why cognitive superiority is an imperative 06 Feb. 2024 Complacency is a lethal error in strategy making and warfare. As Russia has learned in Ukraine, overestimating your own capabilities and underestimating your enemy can lead to failure. NATO cannot take its own continued strategic success for granted. Hidden Child: How I survived the Holocaust 25 Jan. 2024 During the horror of World War II, many Jewish families in Belgium were forced to hide their children in the hopes that they would avoid detection by the Gestapo and ultimately survive the war. In Belgium alone, more than 5000 children survived the genocide via disguise and concealment from the world. This is the story of Baroness Regina Sluszny: one of Belgium’s remaining Holocaust survivors, and one of the Hidden Children. Don’t fight the future, decide it! 13 Dec. 2023 “Don’t fight the problem, decide it!” This quote, attributed to former United States Secretary of State George C. Marshall, pithily sums up the attitude of effective policy planning in times of turbulence. The temptation to “fight” problems comes from the expectation that all problems are solvable. Yet some problems are unsolvable, and the fight becomes a losing battle. Back To Top Subscribe to NATO Updates You must provide an address This is not a valid e-mail address! Something went wrong sending the address About us What is NATO? Founding Treaty NATO member countries NATO’s partnerships Structure Who's who? Secretary General NATO History NATO on the Map Strategic Concepts Dispatches from the field We are NATO Funding NATO What we do Encyclopedia of NATO Topics Collective defence and Article 5 Deterrence and defence De-bunking Russian disinformation on NATO NATO-Ukraine relations Exercises Cyber defence Environment, climate change and security Women, Peace and Security Newsroom News Media advisories Press Office contacts Media accreditation Speeches & transcripts Factsheets Photos Video Audio Event programmes Official texts Use of content Work with us Careers at NATO Young Professionals Programme Internship Programme Business opportunities NATO Co-sponsorship grants Learn more Basic texts NATO at a glance NATO Terminology Standardization Agreements NATO Archives Newsroom archive (pre 2008) NATO Library NATO Research Guides Secretary General’s Annual Report Brand Identity Manual Follow us Go straight to... Quicklinks Military Committee & International Military Staff (IMS) Allied Command Operations (ACO) Allied Command Transformation (ACT) KFOR (Kosovo Force) Euro-Atlantic Disaster Response Coordination Centre (EADRCC) NATO Science for Peace and Security Programme