IDB | Inter American Development Bank Skip to main content EnglishEspañolPortuguêsFrançais Main navigation Strategy About the IDB Institutional Strategy Topics Structure How We Are Organized Country Offices Transparency Access to Information File a Complaint Public Consultation Accountability Measuring Results Independent Evaluation Accountability Mechanism Stakeholders Public Sector Private Sector Entrepreneurs Strategic Partners and Donors Civil Society Job Opportunities Professionals Students and Recent Graduates Procurement Opportunities Vendors Publications Data Research Blogs Courses Code About BIDAcademy Creativity and Culture Investors News Inter American Development Bank March 6-10: IDB and IDB Invest Annual Meetings Tune in live from the Dominican Republic, as financial leaders and experts from our 48 member countries chart the course for a more impactful and ambitious bank. Learn more Learning Can’t Wait A new IDB-World Bank report points to a true education crisis in Latin America and the Caribbean – and identifies priorities for strengthening a key pillar of equitable development. Read more In Ecuador’s Amazon, a Boost for Bio-Businesses Some 1,800 businesses, primarily run or owned by women and indigenous communities, will gain expanded access to credit to help drive sustainable development. Read more IDB and Brazil Pave Way for Private Sector’s Green Investing Major credit line will mitigate exchange-rate volatility, unlocking private investments in climate and the country’s green transition. Read more Innovation at the Border The presidents of Costa Rica and Panama cut the ribbon on a modern border crossing that sets a new standard for the region, boosting competitiveness and promoting integration. Read more Amazonia Forever Our umbrella program for the sustainable, inclusive development of an irreplaceable region of our planet BID for the Americas Our program to forge business connections between Latin America, the Caribbean and our 48 member countries From renewable energy to equitable education, and from modern trade to mobile internet, we enable transformative results across economies and societies. As the region’s main source of financing and knowledge for development, we are innovating for greater impact and sustainable, inclusive solutions to today’s shared challenges. Learn more about us $14.8 billion in financing and mobilization See our latest Annual Report. Learn more 50 million beneficiaries of health services See our new Development Effectiveness Overview. Learn more 111 transactions with 60+ partners See our latest Partnership Report. Learn more Food Security and Agriculture Modernizing agriculture services in Latin America and the Caribbean to improve productivity and preserve the environment Gender and Diversity Working to achieve inclusive development in Latin America and the Caribbean Climate Change Supporting countries in their transition to low-carbon, climate-resilient economies Regional Integration Harnessing integration to drive competitiveness All Topics Knowledge Explore the research and build the skills for improving lives. Vendors Projects come to life through goods, works and consulting services. Work with Us Apply your passion in an inclusive and rewarding environment. Access to Information Effective development is transparent development. Annual Meetings of the Boards of Governors of the IDB and IDB Invest Session Dates Mar. 06 to Mar. 10 2024 Time 08:00 AM - 06:00 PM (America/New_York) Launch of Government at a Glance: Latin America and the Caribbean 2024 Session Dates Mar. 13 to Mar. 13 2024 Time 10:00 AM - 11:25 AM (America/New_York) The Keys to Reducing Waiting Lists in Health: Operational efficiency and care management Session Dates Mar. 14 to Mar. 14 2024 Time 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM (America/New_York) More Events Recorded Events Join our community! Subscribe News Events Jobs Contact Transparency Accountability File a Complaint Request Information Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice Extranet Jump back to top