Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson | Janssen Skip to main content Janssen is now Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine Leading where medicine is going New identity. Same purpose. Discover more Janssen is now J&J Innovative Medicine. Learn more here | Visit JNJ.com MENU CLOSE JANSSEN GLOBAL CHANGE LOCATION > EnglishEspañolFrançais日本語Português (Brazil)Italiano한국어Русский Search Search Search Our CompanyAnnouncement About Us Careers Contact Us Grants & Giving Leadership Blogs News Center Our Leaders Patient Safety Information Products Sustainability Transparency Our FocusTherapeutic Areas Cardiovascular, Metabolism & Retina Immunology Infectious Diseases & Vaccines Neuroscience Oncology Pulmonary Hypertension Patient Engagement Our ScienceClinical Trials Compassionate Use & Pre-Approval Access R&D Data Science Janssen Global Trial Finder Research & Development World Without Disease Accelerator Partnerships Precision Medicine and Co-Diagnostics Careers We’re always seeking talented people who share our vision. Click here to explore opportunities in a variety of disciplines across the globe. See More > Leadership Blogs Get to know our leaders. Read their unique perspectives on how they are working to change the trajectory of health. See More > Generation Care™ We’re committed to showing the heart of the caregiver’s experience and providing the kind of support and information that will make a difference. See More > Patient Engagement Janssen partners directly with patients and caregivers as we develop medicines, improve clinical trials, and create educational materials and support programs. See More > Research & Development Our research pipeline is rich with transformational science reflecting our unique approach to innovation. See More > R&D Data Science Using data science and digital health to reimagine the discovery and development of medicines to advance our mission of bringing transformative therapies to patients. See More > Collaborating in more than 150 markets.By clicking on a link below, you may enter a different part of this website, or a website outside of Janssen.com.These sections or websites are governed by their own Legal and Privacy Policies. Close Global Janssen Global English | Español Français | Português (BR) Italiano | 한국어 РУССКИЙ Asia Pacific Asia Pacific (Regional) English Australia English China 中文 Hong Kong SAR, China English | 中文 India English Japan 日本 Korea 한국어 New Zealand English Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) EMEA (Regional) English Austria Deutsch Belgium English | Français | Nederlands Bulgaria Български Croatia HRVATSKI Czech Republic Čeština Denmark Dansk Estonia English Finland Suomi France Français Germany Deutsch Greece ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ Hungary Magyar Ireland English Israel עברית Italy Italiano Latvia English Lithuania English Netherlands Nederlands Norway Norsk Poland Polski Portugal Português Romania Română Russia Русский Serbia SRPSKI Slovakia SLOVENČINA Slovenia Slovenščina South Africa English Spain Español Sweden Svensk Switzerland Deutsch | Français Turkey Türkçe United Kingdom English Latin America Latin America (Regional) ESPAÑOL Argentina Español Bolivia Español Brazil Português Central America and the Caribbean Spanish | English Chile Español Colombia Español Ecuador Español Mexico Español Paraguay Español Peru Español Uruguay Español North America Canada English | Français United States English latest news COMPANY UPDATE Janssen is now Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine Leading where medicine is going Discover more → September 14, 2023 We’re creating a future where disease is a thing of the past. Find a Janssen Career > News Center > Visit Janssen U.S. > About Us We believe challenging something is the best way to change it. That’s why, in over 150 countries, we bring together the most creative minds and cutting-edge technology to help treat, cure, stop, and prevent some of the most complex diseases of our time. learn more Affording and Accessing Our Medicines We are committed to helping patients find the resources they need to start and stay on their Janssen medicines during the COVID-19 pandemic. Visit Janssen CarePath to learn how we’re continuing to help patients in the U.S. afford and access our medicines. LEARN MORE Backed by the size and reach of Johnson & Johnson, we are transforming lives and reinventing healthcare as we tackle society's most pressing health challenges. You can count on us to never stop working toward a future where disease is a thing of the past. Back to Top Find Janssen on: twitter youtube linkedin Find Janssen on: twitter youtube linkedin PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL NOTICE CONTACT US CAREERS NEWS CENTER janssen global © Janssen Global Services, LLC, 2012-2024. All Rights Reserved. Your use of information on this site is subject to the terms of our Legal Notice. Please see our Privacy Policy. This site is published by Janssen Global Services, LLC, which is solely responsible for its contents. Capitalized product names are trademarks of Johnson & Johnson or its affiliated companies. This information is intended for a global audience. Information specific to individual countries is identified where it appears. All third-party trademarks used herein are registered trademarks of their respective owners. This section of the global Janssen website provides a company overview in several languages. It is not targeted to any specific audience or country. Click here for country- and region-specific information of interest. Last Updated: March 05, 2024