The Baffler—The Journal That Blunts the Cutting Edge Skip to content Main Navigation Dark Mode Settings Light Mode Currently selected Dark Mode Currently selected System Settings Currently selected Subscribe Current Issue Latest Past Issues About Donate Store Account Search Exit Search Press return to see results. cmd / ctrl + k to open and close. Subscribe Current Issue Latest Past Issues About Donate Store Account Dark Mode Settings Light Mode Currently selected Dark Mode Currently selected System Settings Currently selected The Baffler Homepage Big Story Eichmann in Auschwitz John Thomason Irony pervades “The Zone of Interest” Top Rollout March 1 The Desire to Be Visible Matene Toure The Dupes confronts Zionist erasure. February 28 Two Shores, One Sea Suja Sawafta As long as there is apartheid, there will always be two shores. February 27 Critique of Artificial Reason Sean Michaels If a machine can dream, it can make the intuitive leap to creativity. Israel and Palestine in Context All articles, essays, and poems about Palestine are now available for free. If you like our coverage, please consider supporting us and subscribing today. February 6, 2024 AIPAC of Lies Arvin Alaigh The pro-Israel lobby turns on the cash spigot. November 21, 2023 Combined and Uneven Catastrophe Joshua Craze A conversation with Kareem Rabie about the occupied West Bank. November 17, 2023 From the Strip to the Border Gaby Del Valle How Israel profits from the arming of the U.S.-Mexico border. September 11, 2023 Forest Against the Trees Sarah Aziza To another’s eye, the transformation of this land might be viewed as “progress.” See More Baffler Newsletter New email subscribers receive a free copy of our current issue. Baffler Newsletter New email subscribers receive a free copy of our current issue. Baffler Newsletter New email subscribers receive a free copy of our current issue. From the Magazine Current issue, no. 72 Good Job! Anya Ventura Prepping the workers of tomorrow for the daily grind Care, Out of the Closet Ann Neumann LGBTQ elders face discrimination in underfunded nursing homes It’s Bigger Than Hip-Hop Austin McCoy The many educations of rap Subscribe Buy From the Archives Told you so A schlubby man with a vaguely foreign accent, sitting on a crudely crafted set, appears nine times a week on 173 television stations across the nation, parroting Trump administration talking points and defending the president. In one commentary, he fended off criticism of ... A schlubby man with a vaguely foreign accent, sitting on a crudely crafted set, appears nine times a week on 173 television stations across the nation, parroting Trump administration talking points and defending the president. In one commentary, he fended off criticism of ... A schlubby man with a vaguely foreign accent, sitting on a crudely crafted set, appears nine times a week on 173 television stations across the nation, parroting Trump administration talking points and defending the president. In one commentary, he fended off criticism of ... A schlubby man with a vaguely foreign accent, sitting on a crudely crafted set, appears nine times a week on 173 television stations across the nation, parroting Trump administration talking points and defending the president. In one commentary, he fended off criticism of ... All Politics is Local A schlubby man with a vaguely foreign accent, sitting on a crudely crafted set, appears nine times a week on 173 television stations across the nation, parroting Trump administration talking points and defending the president. In one commentary, he fended off criticism of ... Adele M. Stan , December 2017 The gonzo gambit of Vice Media. The gonzo gambit of Vice Media. The gonzo gambit of Vice Media. The gonzo gambit of Vice Media. The Vertically Integrated Rape Joke The gonzo gambit of Vice Media. Anne Elizabeth Moore , June 2014 Latest February 29 Write Your Book Vanessa Lily Chung Writing is serious work, but as Sheila Heti reminds us, also serious fun. February 22 From The Other Side Jackson Davidow Recapturing the disappeared queer nightlife of Boston. February 21 Punk Custodians Jenn Pelly A conversation with Grace Ambrose about Kleenex/LiLiPUT. Write Your Book Vanessa Lily Chung Write Your Book Vanessa Lily Chung , February 29 Write Your Book Vanessa Lily Chung , February 29 February 22 From The Other Side Jackson Davidow Recapturing the disappeared queer nightlife of Boston. February 21 Punk Custodians Jenn Pelly A conversation with Grace Ambrose about Kleenex/LiLiPUT. Online February 20 Kaiju Look K. F. Watanabe Godzilla’s radioactive origins February 16 Everything Everywhere All at Once All of the Time Bruce Robbins The style of the present February 15 Bad Religion Lauren Fadiman The pagan Starwood festival is a haven from the disenchanted world February 14 Is Trump In or Out? Thomas Geoghegan Presidential candidates shouldn’t get to have it both ways February 13 Illusions of Safety Mariame Kaba On freedom from policing February 8 Eat and Be Eaten Robert Rubsam The joy of cooking on screen See More Poems April 2013 Diaspora: Breakfast with Mahmoud Darwish Kristina Robinson From issue no. 22 January YAK Samantha Hinds From issue no. 72 January My Mother Meets My Father in an Alternate Koru Tayi Tibble From issue no. 72 More Poetry Fiction February 23 Wildlife Watching Kate Folk She scanned the sky for wildlife and found none. February 9 The Cave Liliana Colanzi The light rose out of the depths of the night unseen by any living creature. January 26 Fire and Wolf Share a Fondness for Male Beauty Cui Zi’en The last imitation of love was leaping to one’s own death. More Fiction Newsletters Donate Events Privacy Store Subscribe Reduce Motion © The Baffler 2024 2 0 2 4 2024 © The Baffler Newsletters Donate Events Privacy Store Subscribe Subscribe Now!Baffler StoreBucket Hat / $30 Reduce Motion The Baffler Foundation is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt & charitable organization. Our tax-exempt number is 27-4645833. Light Mode Light Mode System Settings