Chapman University | A Top Private University in California Skip to main content Some of the content on this website requires JavaScript to be enabled in your web browser to function as intended. This includes, but is not limited to: navigation, video, image galleries, etc. While the website is still usable without JavaScript, it should be enabled to enjoy the full interactive experience. Close Chapman Notice Menu Chapman University Logo Close Off-Canvas Menu Chapman Menu About Back About Overview Maps & Directions Visit Chapman Facts and Ranking Leadership Diversity and Inclusion Campus Services Connect Academics Back Academics Overview Office of the Provost Degrees & Programs Schools & Colleges Academic Calendar Faculty Directory Libraries Course Catalogs International Studies Admission Back Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Application Graduate Admission Graduate Application Affordability Financial Aid Calculator Tours and Visits Alumni Back Alumni Overview Arts Back Arts Arts at Chapman Overview California’s Gold Exhibit and Huell Howser Archives College of Performing Arts Events Escalette Permanent Collection of Art Guggenheim Gallery Hilbert Museum of California Art Musco Center for the Arts Campus Life Back Campus Life Campus Life Overview Athletics Bookstore and Gift Shop Diversity and Inclusion Events Fish Interfaith Center Health and Wellness Housing Student Life Research Back Research Overview Sponsored Projects Services Research Integrity Institutes and Centers Center for Undergraduate Excellence Industry Alliances and Commercialization Graduate Education Support Back Support Chapman Overview Give to Chapman Areas of Giving Donor Communities Get Involved Contact Us Alumni Community Faculty & Staff Industry Partners Parents & Family Students Directories Visit Apply Give Chapman University Visit Apply Give Covid-19 Info For Alumni Community Faculty & Staff Industry Partners Parents & Family Students Directories Search canva icon Canvas Handshake (career portal) Panther Mail (students) Student Center (student self-service) Working@Chapman (faculty and staff) About About Overview Maps & Directions Visit Chapman Facts and Ranking Leadership Diversity and Inclusion Campus Services Connect Academics Academics Overview Office of the Provost Degrees & Programs Schools & Colleges Academic Calendar Faculty Directory Libraries Course Catalogs International Studies Admission Undergraduate Admission Undergraduate Application Graduate Admission Graduate Application Affordability Financial Aid Calculator Tours and Visits Alumni Alumni Overview Arts Arts at Chapman Overview California’s Gold Exhibit and Huell Howser Archives College of Performing Arts Events Escalette Permanent Collection of Art Guggenheim Gallery Hilbert Museum of California Art Musco Center for the Arts Campus Life Campus Life Overview Athletics Bookstore and Gift Shop Diversity and Inclusion Events Fish Interfaith Center Health and Wellness Housing Student Life Research Research Overview Sponsored Projects Services Research Integrity Institutes and Centers Center for Undergraduate Excellence Industry Alliances and Commercialization Graduate Education Support Support Chapman Overview Give to Chapman Areas of Giving Donor Communities Get Involved Contact Us Chapman University Driven By Curiosity Inspired By Chapman Explore Degrees and Programs Visit Chapman At Chapman, we know that inspiration can come from everywhere. Inspire Students Learn about Chapman’s Inspire Campaign and transform students’ lives. Visit Website Tour Chapman University’s Orange Campus from Home If you can’t visit Chapman in person, you and your family can tour campus and hear from current students from wherever you are. Take a Virtual Tour Chapman Forward: Learn How Chapman Research is Changing Lives Commemorate the Vital Contributions and Achievements of Women Chapman Magazine: Explore Our Impact, From Local to Global #Research Changing Math For Good Cathery Yeh’s excitement is palpable as she addresses the room full of K-12 educators at the Better Together: California Teachers Summit. “We need to move away from fi xing students to fixing the environment,” Yeh says. “We should be designing math classrooms with the idea that there is no norm. You’re going to have a diverse group. And what we know is that diversity is beautiful.”... #Alumni Alumni in the Outfield Newsroom #Editor-picks The Science of Shelf Life. Newsroom #Arts and Entertainment Appalachian Awakening Newsroom View the Events Calendar Read More News and Stories The Thrill OF OPPORTUNITY Experience the joy of discovery and curiosity driving your experience. 1,801 first-year 2023 fall enrollment (projected) 3.87 average GPA for admitted fall first years 86% first-year students receive financial aid 21% first-generation students in incoming class 30,911 average scholarship for first-years Discover Chapman Ask a Student Apply At Chapman, you’ll be embraced by a community that thrives with an indescribable social, intellectual and creative vibrance. Academic Excellence Ranked #121 out of 399 top-tier universities in the country according to U.S. News & World Report, Chapman offers students personalized educational opportunities and a world-class faculty. And since Chapman is also one of the Top 50 Schools for Best Undergraduate Teaching, our students get more from all we have to offer. See our rankings Groundbreaking Research At Chapman, research isn’t just an idea, it’s a way of life. As an R2 research institute, the University supports diverse programs, projects and centers with over $14M in annual research funding. We offer state-of-the-art facilities, collaborative work environments and unparalleled experience solving real-world problems. Learn about research opportunities Individualized Curriculum From your first day at Chapman, you’ll work alongside faculty to reach your goals. Whatever your passion, you’ll find professors ready to guide you along your path. From dynamic classes with other creative students, to hands-on learning experiences where you’ll discover your own potential, opportunity is waiting. Explore degrees and programs Transform Your Curiosity Into Mastery. Explore Chapman University Graduate Programs. Request information View a List of Graduate Programs At Chapman, we rise to the challenges of a changing world through our distinctive research and teaching. #Forward Magazine Food Security Breakthrough Chapman Forward #Forward Magazine Cosmic Archaeology Chapman Forward Chapman Forward From food shortages to health care to the impact of civilization on our environment, Chapman researchers endlessly confront our world’s most urgent problems. Reflecting the growth in transformative projects and our world-class facilities, the university shares groundbreaking discoveries and advances in knowledge in the research magazine Chapman Forward. In the current issue, you’ll find stories on diverse subjects such as the potential of assistive technology and machine learning, algorithms that can predict famines, and extraterrestrial culture on the International Space Station. View Chapman Forward Magazine Online » Reporting Accessibility Concerns for Individuals with a Disability If you are having difficulty with accessibility of this site please email accessibility@chapman.edu, call the Human Resources office at (714) 997-6686, or visit our page for reporting accessibility concerns on this website. Notice of Nondiscriminatory Policy as to Students Chapman University admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the university. It prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, marital status, national origin, mental or physical disability, political belief or affiliation, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, genetic information, and any other class of individuals protected from discrimination under state or federal law in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other university-administered programs. Contact Us Maps & Directions Emergency Orange Campus One University Drive Orange, CA 92866 (714) 997-6815 Rinker Health Science Campus 9401 Jeronimo Road Irvine, CA 92618 Get Started Visit Chapman View Tuition and Aid Apply Now Employment Discover Schools and Colleges Programs at Chapman Events at Chapman Newsroom Directory Support Report Concern or Incident Accessibility Feedback Website Feedback Disability Services Consumer Disclosures Privacy Policy Title IX Chapman Logo © 2023 Chapman University Back to top