NH.gov - The Official Web Site of New Hampshire State Government Skip to Main Content Home Business Granite Tax Connect Corporate Filing Forms Unemployment Compensation Expanding or Relocating Your Business Business Name Lookup ♦ Other Links for Businesses ResidentsResidents Elections and Voting Motor Vehicles Taxes (Individuals) Voting in NH NH State Lottery NH Liquor and Wine Outlet Hunting and Fishing Resources Bicycle and Pedestrian Resources ♦ All Links for Residents VisitorsVisitors VISIT NH (Official Tourism Website) "What to Do" Events Calendar Hunting & Fishing Licenses State Parks & Recreation NH Airports Public Transportation ♦ All Links for Visitors GovernmentGovernment Governor Christopher T. Sununu Executive Council NH State Legislature NH Court System Laws and Rules Cities and Towns Who's My Legislator ♦ All Links for Government Online ServicesOnline Services Online Professional Licensing State Employment Looking for a Job Business Name Lookup Hunting and Fishing Licenses File Annual Reports Online Oversize/Overweight Permits Sex Offenders Against Children Registry ♦ Other Links for Online Services Careers New Hampshire's beautiful rivers and bridges Are you looking... for Election Information? for the State Agency Directory? to find a State Employee? for the State Office Locator? for opioid addiction resources? to report child abuse or neglect? to start a business in New Hampshire? to find a criminal background request form? for State employee-retiree information? to become a Justice of the Peace? to renew your Notary Public? to obtain a certificate of good standing for my company? to obtain a certified copy of a birth, death, marriage, and divorce certificate? to get a hunting or fishing license? to find the NH Sex Offender Registry? to get an E-ZPass transponder for my vehicle? to contact my legislator? Have a Question? Looking for information about New Hampshire? Why not "Ask A Librarian"! NH at-a-glance... Complete List Education Travel and Tourism NH State House Visitor Center Jobs and Workers Laws and Rules Traffic Around the State Weather Around the State Social Media State Almanac GovernorChris Sununu News and Events Complete List MAR05 Department of Natural and Cultural ResourcesProgram brings trees – and how to plant them – to NH schools MAR01 Office of the GovernorDepartment of Agriculture Launches Crop Loss Program, Accepting Applications FEB27 Office of the GovernorNew Hampshire Disaster Declaration Granted for 3 Counties FEB22 Office of the GovernorGovernor Chris Sununu Statement on Adam Montgomery Trial FEB16 Office of the GovernorGovernor Chris Sununu Statement Following Fiscal Committee Vote FEB13 Office of the GovernorGovernor Chris Sununu's 2024 State of the State Address NH.gov - The Official Web Portal of the State of New Hampshire NH.gov | privacy policy | accessibility policy | webmaster copyright . State of New Hampshire