Institute for Government Skip to main content Working to make government more effective Main navigation About us Back About us Mission Mission Vision and values Partnerships Partnerships Research and engagement Learning and development Party conferences Governance and funding Governance and funding Board members Funding Annual reports Careers Careers Working at IfG IfG internship programme Current vacancies Media centre Media centre IfG in the news Press releases Our work Back Our work Topics Topics General election Civil service Ministers Public bodies Public finances Regulation Coronavirus Policy making Net zero Devolution Public services Procurement Brexit Parliament and the constitution See all Research and analysis Research and analysis Publications Explainers Comments Podcasts Live blogs Data Trackers Trackers Whitehall Monitor Parliamentary Monitor Performance Tracker Manifesto Tracker Spotlight on Back Spotlight on Spring budget 2024 Commission on the Centre of Government Ministers Reflect Preparing for Power podcast series Our people Back Our people Directory Our events Back Our events Upcoming events Past events IfG Academy Back IfG Academy Ministers and their teams Ministers and their teams Support for ministers Support for private office teams Support for special advisers Parliamentarians and policy makers Parliamentarians and policy makers Support for civil servants and policy makers Support for select committees Support for opposition parties Engaging with government Engaging with government Academic researchers Diplomats and international audiences Public, private and voluntary sector organisations About us Contact us Privacy Accessiblility Careers Media centre Partner with us Working to make government more effective Search Refine search 23 FEB 2024 Comment Five things to look out for in the spring budget 2024 Institute for Government experts set out five things they will be looking out for in the budget. 01 MAR 2024 Podcast What do we really know about Keir Starmer? Tom Baldwin joins the Inside Briefing team to discuss what his new biography of the Labour leader tells us about the man who wants to be the next PM. 01 MAR 2024 Explainer MPs' security Increasing levels of anti-Semitism and Islamophobia have seen a rise in threats made to MPs. So what security do they receive and how is this funded? 14 FEB 2024 Project Spring budget 2024 Key things to look out for in the budget and key choices the chancellor needs to make beforehand. Selected features 29 FEB 2024 Analysis paper Strengthening the UK’s fiscal framework The UK’s fiscal framework, including a flawed set of rules, incentivises bad policy decisions shaped by short-termism and fictional spending plans. 01 MAR 2024 Podcast What will be in Jeremy Hunt's spring budget 2024? The Expert Factor team look ahead to a big day in the Westminster calendar and a hugely significant moment for the country. 06 SEP 2023 Project General election What happens before and during a general election. Latest commentary See all 29 FEB 2024 Comment How the OBR can help people understand the implications of government’s stated spending plans Official forecasts built on implausible spending plans undermine fiscal policy debate. 26 FEB 2024 Comment Islamophobia and anti-Semitism rows highlight the power of parties over political discourse The Lee Anderson furore is unlikely to be the last of its kind in a general election year. 23 FEB 2024 Comment Fiscal fantasies reveal deep problems in the UK's fiscal framework A flawed set of loose fiscal rules are no substitute for a fiscal strategy. 23 FEB 2024 Comment David Neal’s sacking shows why independent inspectors need more powers Independent inspectors need the right to publish independently of those they scrutinise. Inside Briefing podcast Tom Baldwin joins the Inside Briefing team to discuss what his new biography of the Labour leader tells us about the man who wants to be the next PM. Listen to the episode Commission on the Centre of Government How to radically improve the centre of government. IfG Academy We help those working in government to improve it, and those outside government to understand and engage with it. Topics Our work examines the core institutions, processes and cross-cutting themes of UK government. Upcoming events See all 06 MAR 2024 Online event 6 March 2024 Inside Briefing LIVE: The general election budget? Join us to watch the livestream of our spring budget 2024 podcast special. 11 MAR 2024 Online event 11 March 2024 Fixing the centre of government An event to launch the final report of the IfG’s Commission on the Centre of Government. 13 MAR 2024 Online event 13 March 2024 General election: How can think tanks shape policy and political debate? At this joint IfG and Charity Commission event, we will explore the role of think tanks in the run up to a general election. Sign up to get the IfG newsletter You will receive a weekly newsletter with a summary of our current events, research and comment. Sign up Footer menu About us Contact us Privacy Accessiblility Careers Media centre Partner with us © 2024 Institute for Government | Design and development by Soapbox The Institute is a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales No. 6480524 Registered Charity No. 1123926