Freedom Scientific – High-quality video magnifiers, braille displays, screen magnification software, and #1 screen reader, JAWS. Skip to content Call Today!1(800) 444-4443 Toggle navigation Home Products Low Vision Products Blindness Products Accessibility Testing Products Software Sponsored Software Licenses JAWS ZoomText Fusion OpenBook Software For Home Software For School Software For Business Activate Software License Services Accessibility Consulting Training Certification Support Technical Support Training and Certification Register A Product Documentation Software Downloads Synthesizers Focus Blue Firmware Hardware Drivers Downloads JAWS Fusion ZoomText MAGic OpenBook WYNN Synthesizers Focus Blue Firmware omniReader Update ONYX PRO Software Hardware Drivers GEM EyeMerge Eye-Pal / Zoom-Office Find A Dealer Find A Dealer Shop Online JAWS, ZoomText, Fusion - Learn more about the latest versions of our best-in-class software. JAWS, ZoomText, Fusion - Learn more about the latest versions of our best-in-class software. The American Recovery Plan Act provides funds to libraries and schools to address student learning loss, close achievement gaps and assist with distance learning. Help support your students and patrons and increase accessibility by providing Assistive Technology with the help of ARPA and Freedom Scientific. The American Recovery Plan Act provides funds to libraries and schools to address student learning loss, close achievement gaps and assist with distance learning. Help support your students and patrons and increase accessibility by providing Assistive Technology with the help of ARPA and Freedom Scientific. Freedom Scientific is pleased to offer a program featuring K-12 students in the US who are blind and visually impaired who use Freedom Scientific technology to achieve their academic goals. Click for Nomination Guidelines EMPOWERING INDEPENDENCE For over 20 years Freedom Scientific has provided access to print and computers for individuals with blindness and low vision. Our innovative technology is designed to promote independence, allowing blind and low vision individuals the same access to information as their sighted peers. Our team is passionate about what we do and committed to the communities that we serve. Software Solutions Freedom Scientific provides software solutions for blind and low vision needs. Whether you are looking for a screen reader, like our world renowned JAWS software or a magnification software such as ZoomText, we have a variety of solutions to meet your specific needs. We are dedicated to providing the best software to provide accessibility tools for work and home. View Software Solutions Low Vision Solutions Freedom Scientific offers a wide range of powerful desktop and portable video magnifiers designed for people with low vision conditions. Our magnifiers are made to help with all types of daily activities. Discover the freedom of independently reading and viewing the details that matter with any of our powerful low vision magnifiers. View Low Vision Products Blindness Solutions With a wide range of refreshable braille displays, we offer many options to fit your needs. Engineered for portability ruggedness and ease of use, our line of Focus braille displays are lightweight, full-featured and designed to fit the needs of your busy lifestyle. View Blindness Products Upcoming Events NFB of Maryland 2024 State Convention (2/16/24) DC-MD AER 2024 Spring Conference (3/8/24) SC Assistive Technology 2024 Expo (3/12/24) CSUN 2024 AT Conference(3/18/24) All Events Software Releases JAWS 2024 Update (2/15/24) Fusion 2024 Update (2/15/24) ZoomText 2024 Update (2/15/24) SMA, AMS, and Upgrades - Check Your Serial Number Downloads FSCast Training FSOpenLine Low Vision Facts Student of the Month Blog Freedom Scientific is the largest worldwide manufacturer of assistive technology products for blind and low vision individuals. Read More About Freedom Scientific Home About Us All News Careers Blog Contact Us Media Center GSA Advantage Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility Policy Conditions of Use Contact Us (800) 444-4443 (727) 803-8000 Vispero Brands Copyright © Freedom Scientific Inc. - A Vispero Brand - All Rights Reserved.