The Emily Post Institute: Etiquette Advice & Training — Emily Post Skip to content Skip to navigation Search Media Requests Newsletter Etiquette Articles Training & Services Shop Podcast About Etiquette Articles The world of Emily Post etiquette advice is at your fingertips. Please, search or browse our comprehensive online etiquette articles. Trending Topics Table Setting Guides Lizzie Post's Recipes for All Occasions Avoid Political Pitfalls Featured Articles General Tipping Guide Official Forms of Address Addressing a Former President of the United States Dining Etiquette Top 10 Must Know Table Manners Lipstick at the Table Texting at the Dinner Table Business Etiquette Tips on Preparing for a Job Interview Professional Email Etiquette for Work Beyond the Handshake: Hugs and the Social Kiss Wedding Etiquette Wedding Planning Series Wedding Thank Yous Wedding Invitations Children's Etiquette Can You Teach a Toddler Etiquette? Yes! What to Do About Bullies The Golden Rule of Parenting Invitations & Correspondence Complete Guide to Writing Thank You Notes Writing Personal Letters Invitation Etiquette Image & Attire Attire Guide: Dress Codes from Casual to White Tie Five Tips for Looking Crisp and Keeping Cool in the Workplace Good Grooming and Wardrobe Care Everyday Etiquette Etiquette for Volunteering How to Choose Luggage Before You Travel: Acquaint Yourself with Your Destination Digital Manners Email Etiquette Dos & Don’ts Netiquette: The Rules of the Internet Smart Use of Smartphones and Tablets Hosts & Guests General Entertaining Celebration Parties Hosting a Baby Shower Hard Times What to Say to Someone Who Is Grieving Manners Matter Even More in Hard Times How to Help When Someone is in the Hospital Training & Services Emily Post training and services are available for groups, businesses, and individuals. Choose from trainer training, seminars, live and pre-recorded webinars, self-paced eLearning courses, and consultation services to best meet your etiquette training needs. Every live session is customized for the client and built from our extensive menu of training topics. Training Options Live Online Seminars Author Led Seminars Private Consultations Online Courses Online Course: Dining Etiquette - CreativeLive Online Course: Manners at Work, The Ultimate Guide - Creative Live Online Course: Business Etiquette for Professionals Trainer Training Business Train the Trainer Children's Train the Trainer Wedding Professionals Training Training Topics Etiquette Defined/Why Etiquette? Leadership Problem Solving Brand Partnership with Emily Post Speakers Bureau Brand Partnerships Spokesperson Shop Find the right Emily Post book or greeting card for you. We have the perfect wedding, graduation or housewarming gift for someone special in your life. Best Sellers Emily Post's Etiquette, The Centennial Edition The Etiquette Advantage in Business, 3rd Edition Personal Skills for Professional Success Table Manners for Kids The Unwritten Rules of Golf Higher Etiquette Our Favorites Emily Post's Etiquette, The Centennial Edition Emily Post’s Wedding Etiquette, 6th Edition Table Manners for Kids Emily’s Magic Words Digital Stationery for Texts Emily Post's - Host A Bridesmaids' Luncheon Digital Planner Awesome Etiquette Podcast The Awesome Etiquette podcast is a weekly Q&A show where hosts, (cousins, and co-presidents of the Emily Post Institute,) Lizzie Post and Dan Post Senning answer audience questions, tackle etiquette topics in detail and salute good etiquette witnessed by the Awesome Etiquette audience. Listen on your favorite platform! Apple Spotify Google Play Stitcher Tune In Pandora Awesome Etiquette Podcast Support the Show F.A.Q. Episodes Episode 487 - Gloves and Napkins Episode 486 - Engagement On Episode 485 - No Obligations About The Emily Post Institute Inc. is a fifth generation family business that has been promoting etiquette based on consideration, respect and honesty since Emily Post wrote her first book ETIQUETTE in 1922. Today we offer a wide range of books, online resources, training programs for all ages and topics, a weekly podcast and a selection of greeting cards and paper products. The Emily Post Institute Our Story Timeline History Definition of Etiquette - Consideration, Respect and Honesty Emily Post Emily's First Novel Emily Post: Daughter of Bruce Price Emily Post: In The Garden Search Search Get a signed copy of our latest book, Emily Post's Etiquette - The Centennial Edition, for yourself or to give as a gift, and support Vermont's independent bookstore Bridgeside Books. Order Your Signed Copy Join our Substack newsletter for more from Emily Post. Sign Up Search Etiquette Articles Trending Topics Table Setting Guides Lizzie Post's Recipes for All Occasions Avoid Political Pitfalls Magic Words in American Sign Language (ASL) Black Tie Dress Code Sympathy Notes and Letters Post Pandemic Etiquette Zoom Etiquette: Tips for Better Video Conferences #WFH Working From Home The Etiquette of Social Distancing During the COVID-19 Pandemic Featured Articles General Tipping Guide Official Forms of Address Addressing a Former President of the United States Announcing a New Baby Removing the Mystery: Cousins "Once Removed" Men’s Names and Titles Professional Titles What is Protocol? Traditional Gendered Courtesies The "Mrs." Question Military Titles Audience Etiquette Appropriate Applause at Classical Music Performances Making Introductions Q&A: The Manners of Downton Abbey, Then and Now New Neighbors Spring Break Travel Tips Definition of Etiquette Flag Etiquette Wearing White After Labor Day Good Halloween Manners - Five Tips for Trick or Treating Valentine's Day Gift Ideas Dining Etiquette Top 10 Must Know Table Manners Lipstick at the Table Texting at the Dinner Table Tea Traditions Around the World Creative Non-Alcoholic Beverages How to Eat Corn on the Cob Video: How to Set the Family Dinner Table Passing Food at the Table Top Questions for Dining Out Finer Points of Tipping Printable Placemat for Learning How to Set the Table Sunday Dinner: An Old Tradition in a New Light Guide to Food and Drink How To Eat Soup the Proper Way Common Tea Questions All About Toasting Toasts and Toasting: Tips you can use Today Business Etiquette Tips on Preparing for a Job Interview Professional Email Etiquette for Work Beyond the Handshake: Hugs and the Social Kiss Job Interview Tips 101 Responding to a Client’s Note of Appreciation Effective Business Letters Rejecting a Client's "Friend" Request Seating at an Official Luncheon or Dinner Seven No-Brainers for Job Interviews Top Ten Email Manners Using Titles in Other Nations Using a Professional Title after Retirement Etiquette Quiz for Job Seekers Personal Style and the Job Interview - Beards? Corporate Gift Giving How to Handle Radio Silence During the Interview Process Gum Chewing at Work: Appropriate or Not? Gender and Business The Office Kitchen Business Meals: Who Pays? Business Meals The Business of Thanks How to Use Active Listening to Build Relationships Is Professionalism Declining? Language Barriers at Work Dealing with an Office Bully Confrontations with Management The Art of Listening Top Seven Tips for Business Meetings How to Say “No” Graciously Downloadable Business Etiquette Resources Reuters: Emily Post Series Wedding Etiquette Wedding Planning Series Wedding Thank Yous Wedding Invitations Wedding Guests and Gifts The Bride The Groom For Parents: Setting a Budget and Splitting Expenses Wedding Attendants Wedding Website Tips Wedding Photography Styles Ten Basics for Remarriage 21st Century Wedding Trends Congratulations—You're Engaged! Wedding Ceremony Seating Arrangements Wedding Expenses: The Traditional Division Who To Invite to The Wedding & Parties? Wedding Expenses: Who Pays for What? Wedding Tips for Moms: They're Engaged! All About Registries Announcing Your Marriage Parents, Meet Parents Wedding Email Dos and Don'ts Wedding Attire: Tips for the Moms Vermont Vows Wedding Series Inside Weddings: Emily Post Series Pandemic Wedding Etiquette Children's Etiquette Can You Teach a Toddler Etiquette? Yes! What to Do About Bullies The Golden Rule of Parenting Video: Etiquette and The Story of King Louis XIV The "Magic Words" Thank-You Note Tips for Children and Teens Another Way to Say “Please” and "Thank You" Birthday Parties: A Training Ground for Great Manners Five-Step Children's Manners Makeover for the Holidays: Introduction Downloadable Children's Etiquette Resources Invitations & Correspondence Complete Guide to Writing Thank You Notes Writing Personal Letters Invitation Etiquette Addressing a Husband and Wife Who Are Ministers Women's Names and Titles Group Restaurant Invitations How Do I RSVP? The Continuing Importance of the RSVP Guide to Addressing Correspondence The Correct Use of “Esquire” Image & Attire Attire Guide: Dress Codes from Casual to White Tie Five Tips for Looking Crisp and Keeping Cool in the Workplace Good Grooming and Wardrobe Care Five Tips for Buying the Perfect Suit Guys and Ties Five Guidelines, What Not to Wear to the Office in the Summer Color and Your Professional Brand: Women The Origin of the Tuxedo How to Help a Friend Who Has Body Odor Hats Off! Hat Etiquette for Everyone Everyday Etiquette Etiquette for Volunteering How to Choose Luggage Before You Travel: Acquaint Yourself with Your Destination Golf Manners that Matter Golf: Playing with a Caddie Skiing Etiquette Tips Keep the Conversation Going Sports: Be a Team Player The Respectful Spectator Video: Peggy and Cindy Talk Etiquette for Kids and Teens The Principles of Etiquette Thoughts on Rudeness and Kids The Polite Pedestrian or Dog Walker Pet Etiquette People Who Work in Your Home Couch Crashing: Friend or Freeloader? The Power of a Great Compliment How Rude Five Ways to Combat Rudeness The Good Conversationalist: The Basics Answering Your Cell Phone in Public A Great Handshake at Home or Abroad Daily Worth: Guest Gifts That Say Thanks Important Manners for Driving Guide to Using Pronouns and Properly Addressing Our Gender-Diverse World Dating: The All-Important "Ask" Dating 101: Small Things that Make a Big Difference Roommates: Establishing House Rules Four Steps to Neighborhood Peace Neighbors: How to Raise a Concern Politely Neighborly Manners Daily Worth: When a Borrowed Item Gets Broken Golf: Repairing Ball Marks and Divots Dos and Don'ts at the Gym End of Summer Tipping Guide Ms, Miss, or Mrs: What’s the Difference? Hosting a Graduation Party Thanksgiving Etiquette Holiday Etiquette The Etiquette of Gifting Digital Manners Email Etiquette Dos & Don’ts Netiquette: The Rules of the Internet Smart Use of Smartphones and Tablets Seven Guidelines for Excellent Mobile Manners Cyber Bullying Anna Post on Managing Mobile Manners Texting Manners Top 10 Cell Phone Manners Video Calls and Online Conferencing Five Tips for Email Communication 4 Essential Cell Phone Rules Tech/Watch Etiquette Urbane Gentleman Hosts & Guests General Entertaining Celebration Parties Hosting a Baby Shower Houseguests Hard Times What to Say to Someone Who Is Grieving Manners Matter Even More in Hard Times How to Help When Someone is in the Hospital How to Plan a Hospital Visit Preparing for a Funeral Giving a Eulogy Bereavement Questions and Answers Receiving Visitors During Times of Grief Important Considerations When Arranging a Funeral Funeral Etiquette: Donations In Lieu of Flowers Funeral Etiquette: At the Service Religious Customs at Funerals After the Funeral Sympathy Flowers Breaking Up The Etiquette of Separation Practicalities After a Divorce Training & Services Training Options Live Online Seminars Author Led Seminars Private Consultations Online Courses Online Course: Dining Etiquette - CreativeLive Online Course: Manners at Work, The Ultimate Guide - Creative Live Online Course: Business Etiquette for Professionals Trainer Training Business Train the Trainer Children's Train the Trainer Wedding Professionals Training Emily Post Licensed Trainers Training Topics Etiquette Defined/Why Etiquette? Leadership Problem Solving Dining Etiquette Communication Etiquette Image, Attire and Personal Brand Service and Hospitality Cross Cultural Etiquette Networking Meeting Etiquette Conversation Skills The Complete Professional Brand Partnership with Emily Post Speakers Bureau Brand Partnerships Spokesperson Shop Books The Emily Post Online Store Podcast Awesome Etiquette Podcast Episodes About The Emily Post Institute Our Story Timeline History Definition of Etiquette - Consideration, Respect and Honesty Contact Us Internships Emily Post Emily's First Novel Emily Post: Daughter of Bruce Price Emily Post: In The Garden Emily Post: Road Trip Laura Claridge and Emily Post Quotations Close Menu Emily Post's Etiquette - The Centennial Edition Completely revised, this edition has all the etiquette advice you need and celebrates our 100th anniversary. Signed copies are available! Take Me To This Book Mind Your Manners Test your etiquette knowledge with this sometimes silly but always polite trivia game from the Emily Post Institute. Order Mind Your Manners Table Setting Guides Setting a table does not have to be difficult, it can even be fun. Breathe easy, we’ll start with the basics and go from there. View Dining Etiquette Online Course Manners@TheTable with Daniel Post Senning View Course Still Working Remotely? Zoom etiquette: Tips for Better Video Conferences Read More Visit our Online Store Get all your Emily Post digital products in one place; Dinner Party Planner, Recipe Sets, Wedding Party Planners, Thank-You Note Smart List, Business Etiquette Audio Series, and more... Visit the Store America's source for etiquette Based on Consideration, Respect & Honesty Table Setting Guides Let us help with table-setting guides for all occasions. Whether you're hosting a casual, informal, or formal event, we've got you covered with easy examples and helpful guides. Online Store Visit our online store to see our selection of books and digital planners. See what's new today! Online Train the Trainer Programs Learn to teach business and/or children's etiquette through virtual, one-on-one instruction on your schedule. We'll teach you step-by-step how to present Emily Post etiquette content so that you can feel confident teaching whether for your organization, your own business, or as a volunteer in your community. Get started today! Business Etiquette Seminars Daniel Post Senning presents Emily Post Business Etiquette Seminars around the world, both in person and virtually. With opportunities for microlearning and follow-up materials to give to your group, your employees or members will appreciate this valuable content and the approachable way it's delivered. Find out more today! Online Training for Individuals Custom live and recorded webinars, online training programs, eLearning programs, and more. Let us help you improve your interpersonal skills today. Get started! Our Books Browse our collection of etiquette books whether for yourself or to give as a gift. Our library covers everything from fun children's books to the topics that fit your life as an adult we have something for every age. The Awesome Etiquette Podcast A weekly Q&A podcast hosted by Lizzie Post and Dan Post Senning. Listeners love the cousin's rapport and come back for the thought-provoking conversation. Listen today! Our Story Emily Post Etiquette has been around for 100 years with five generations of the Post family stewarding the tradition. Read Emily's story and meet the family behind the Emily Post Institute. Our Most Read Etiquette Articles We love etiquette and write about everything from the traditions of formal address to the mask wearing manners of today. Take a look at some highlights our audience thinks are worth a read. The Formal Place Setting Top Ten Table Manners Attire Guide Addressing & Sending Wedding Invitations Email Etiquette Do's and Don'ts The Etiquette of Social Distancing Sympathy Notes and Letters Magic Words in American Sign Language THE AWESOME ETIQUETTE PODCAST Join hosts Lizzie Post & Daniel Post Senning as they answer audience questions and discuss modern day etiquette through the lens of consideration, respect, and honesty. Episode 487 - Gloves and Napkins Jan 8 Listen Now Episode 486 - Engagement On Jan 1 Listen Now Episode 485 - No Obligations Dec 25 Listen Now Episode 484 - Visiting Whom Dec 18 Listen Now All things podcast Shop Emily Post Emily Post has books, digital planners, and smart lists all available with just a click. Great as gifts or for your own collection, there's something for every occasion! Check out our shop today, there's something for you and your loved ones! Emily Post's Etiquette - The Centennial Edition Lizzie Post & Daniel Post Senning Dinner Party Digital Planner Emily Post Digital Downloads Emily Post's Wedding Etiquette, 6TH Edition Anna Post & Lizzie Post Digital Stationery for Texts The Emily Post Inst. and HiNote The Gift of Good Manners Cindy Post Senning & Peggy Post The Etiquette Advantage in Business, 3rd Edition Peter Post, Anna Post, Lizzie Post and Daniel Post Senning The Emily Post Institute Inc. is a fifth generation family business that has been promoting etiquette based on consideration, respect and honesty since Emily Post wrote her first book ETIQUETTE in 1922. Today we offer a wide range of books, online resources, training programs for all ages and topics, a weekly podcast and a selection of greeting cards and paper products. About Us Emily Post Institute Our Story Emily Post Podcast Internships Services Etiquette Articles Seminars Trainer Training Online Courses Brand Partnership Misc Contact Us Media Requests Shop Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Contact info@emilypost.com The Emily Post Institute 25 Crossroad, Suite 2B Waterbury, Vermont 05676