Mobile Payments Siamovissiovaloriteamlavora With Noiprivaticome functiontrucchi and suggestions to minornnicashbackcostiscarica, the AppbusinessComeSCOME works the app / integrate Satispaycashbackistiregistra your activity to the control panel Vouchers pastocosticosticosti for private for business assistance private business make an intelligent choice even when you decide how to send payments.'Appindlendente in the dependent on credit cards and a specific bank: so Satispay manages to be advantageous for the operators and private individuals. Sempliceeeecon Satispay you can transfer money to your contacts and pay in stores with the same simplicity and immediacy of a message on WhatsApp®.sicurosatiSpayUse only safe and non -sensitive data because it works without credit cards: the phone number and your IBAN are all you need. Happy Satispayuna meal new purchase experience for companies and employees.No physical card but payments in a single solution via smartphone in over 70,000 stores throughout Italy. Most of the more hundred time now be part of the payments revolution.Join us and rewrite the rules together to make money simple, safe and instantaneous money.Download the App! Play StoreApp StoreApp GalleryConCentrati on your business transformation your dream actually without incurring excessive fees or commissions. Coosergartens with easer with ease with your friends.Exchange money with your contacts in a few moments. School of moresparmia time for the things that amidated to withdraw.Pay in the affiliated stores comfortably by your smartphone. Most control of control is in your mandefinisi a threshold for your weekly expenses and always keep track of your movements. Coats of more with your business transforms your dream in reality without incurring excessive fees or commissions.Exchange money with your contacts in a few moments. School of moresparmia time for the things that amidated to withdraw.Pay in the affiliated stores comfortably by your smartphone. Most control of control is in your mandefinisi a threshold for your weekly expenses and always keep track of your movements. Coats of more with your business transforms your dream in reality without incurring excessive fees or commissions. SCERTS OF MORE1234 Parento of us: ConditionerLPrivrivaCywhistleblowingprogrammiseGuiFaceBOCEBOBERTTWITTERSTERSTERSTERSTERSTERSTERSATISPAYCHI WE HAVE WITH NOISTAMPA & MEDIAHAI need for help? Are we at your disposal for any further information. S.A.|53, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg |VAT LU30726739 |Company of the Satispay S.p.A group.