Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources Skip to main content Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Podcast Pinterest Search Main navigation Hunting Fishing Parks Climate Environment Forestry Licenses News About Contact Mild Winter, Early Fire Season Check current fire situation Customer Service For Media Public Input Opportunities Financial Assistance Events Licenses Read the Winter Issue Read more No Ice Is Safe Ice Recreate safely and practice basic ice safety precautions when fishing, snowmobiling, skiing and more. Read more Keep Wildlife Wild Poster Contest Fourth, fifth and sixth graders can design a poster to help spread the word to protect wildlife. Read more Looking for Something to Do? Check out our Events Calendar to find hikes, workshops and more around the state. Read more Reduce Salt Use This Winter Cut back on road salt this season to protect our drinking water and freshwater. Read more Arbor Day Seedlings Attention, Wisconsin fourth grade teachers: Order your free Arbor Day seedlings now. Read more Recycle Your Old Electronics E-cycling collection events are popping up around the state. See if there’s one near you. Read more Natural Resources Board The Wisconsin Natural Resources Board sets policy for the Department of Natural Resources. Conservation Congress Interested in natural resources management and an opportunity to provide input? Business Resources Your business's one-stop shop for permit information, regulations, and more. Request a Speaker Submit a request to have members of the Secretary's Office or DNR staff speak at your event. Wisconsin Natural Resources Magazine Published quarterly in spring, summer, fall and winter by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. Environmental Education for Kids EEK! Brought to you now by FIELD Edventures, after 18 years of support by the Wisconsin DNR. General 1-888-936-7463 General questions seven days a week, 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Spills 1-800-943-0003 24-hour spill emergency hotline Violations 1-800-TIP-WDNR or 1-800-847-9367 Confidentially report suspected wildlife, recreational, and environmental violations Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources 101 S. Webster Street PO Box 7921 Madison, WI 53707-7921 Call 1-888-936-7463 (TTY Access via relay - 711) from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Podcast Pinterest Secretary's Office Customer Service Office Locations Hotlines For Media Careers Notice of Nondiscrimination Subscribe for DNR Email Updates © Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources | Site requirements | Accessibility | Legal | Privacy | Employee resources