The Maritime Executive: Maritime News | Marine News Go SUBSCRIBE NOW Tuesday, March 05, 2024 Media Kit news Features Podcasts Magazine Newsletter Blogs Directory Jobs Advertise Subscribe news features Podcasts magazine newsletter blogs directory Jobs advertise subscribe TOP STORIES Op-Ed: U.S. Navy's Newest Carrier Continues Tradition of Power Projection Published by Greg Alan Caires Turkish Operator Agrees to Buy a Fleet of Wing-in-Ground Craft Published by The Maritime Executive Despite Collapse in Traffic, Suez Canal is Planning a Two-Lane Future Published by The Maritime Executive First Fixed Suction Sails Deployed on RoRo Chartered to Airbus Published by The Maritime Executive Video: Indian Navy Assists MSC Ship with Fire After Houthi Attack TRENDING STORIES CMA CGM Will Resume Some Red Sea Transits as Houthis Threaten “Surprise” German Navy Tried to Shoot Down an American Drone Over the Red Sea Report: MSC Boxship Catches Fire After Houthi Missile Strike Russia Banished From Membership in the Danube Commission EDITORIALS Op-Ed: U.S. Navy's Newest Carrier Continues Tradition of Power Projection Houthi Missile Attacks Threaten UK's Tea Supply Can Marine Protected Areas Be Shielded From Climate Change? MORE TOP STORIES Two Chinese Research Vessels Loiter at Energy-Rich Benham Rise Published Mar 4, 2024 6:27 PM by The Maritime Executive The government of the Philippines is responding to the presence of two Chinese research vessels at Benham Rise, a seamount in the Philippine Sea. The area is within the Philippine EEZ and has prospects as a future source of oil and gas. Defense researcher and former U.S. Air Force officer Ray Powell spotted and publicized the presence of two Chinese research vessels in the Benham Rise area last week. He identified the ships as the Haiyang Dizhi Shihao and the Haiyang... Continue Reading... Red Sea Problems Drive Schedule Reliability to Lowest Level in 15 Months Published Mar 4, 2024 6:23 PM by The Maritime Executive Red Sea diversions and the disruptions to carriers’ routes are taking a significant toll on schedule reliability which is now at its lowest level in 15 months. In a new analysis of the market, Sea-Intelligence highlights that both reliability and average delays have recorded significant declines over the past two months wiping away the significant gains achieved starting in 2022 coming out of the Covid-19 pandemic and surge in container volumes. Amidst the Red Sea crisis, global schedule reliability... Continue Reading... Gunvor Pays More Than $700M in U.S. and Switzerland Settling Bribery Cases Published Mar 4, 2024 5:16 PM by The Maritime Executive Swiss-based international commodities trading company Gunvor, which says it focuses on logistics solutions that safely and efficiently move commodities, has settled a long-running and complex bribery case with U.S. and Swiss regulators. The company will pay more than $661 million in the United States as part of a guilty plea and $98 million to Swiss authorities while it works to resolve additional investigations in Ecuador and Switzerland. The company emphasized in announcing its plea agreement with the U.S. Justice Department... Continue Reading... Iridium Buys Service That Uses L-Band Satellites for GPS-Like Positioning Published Mar 4, 2024 4:16 PM by The Maritime Executive L-band satcom provider Iridium has reached a deal to acquire Satelles, a company that provides resilient navigation and timing to supplement GPS. The vulnerabilities of GPS are well known: the signal strength of the satellite service is low, and can be readily "spoofed" by terrestrial jamming. GPS spoofing has been spotted with some frequency in parts of the Black Sea and near some Chinese ports. Satelles uses the Iridium satellite network to broadcast its own timing and positioning signals. The... Continue Reading... STORIES BY CATEGORY Shipping Video: Indian Navy Assists MSC Ship with Fire After Houthi Attack MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company confirmed that its vessel MSC Sky II suffered minor damage including a fire after it was struck by the Houthis. The Indian Navy went to the vessel’s aid after the attack and reported that they also escorted the ship to safe waters. The 30,000 dwt vessel is operating as an “extra vessel” according to MSC’s online tracking system and was sailing from Singapore due to arrive in Djibouti on March 4. The vessel was... Continue Reading... First Fixed Suction Sails Deployed on RoRo Chartered to Airbus Red Sea Problems Drive Schedule Reliability to Lowest Level in 15 Months Nigeria Tracks Down Bunker Vessel and Holds it on Oil Theft Charges India Seizes Cargo for Pakistan from CMA CGM Vessel Alleging Nuclear Ties Tugs & Salvage Despite Collapse in Traffic, Suez Canal is Planning a Two-Lane Future Though traffic on the Suez Canal is down sharply this year, the Egyptian government is considering plans to extend the waterway's second channel and prepare for a future with more business than ever. Suez Canal Authority chairman Osama Rabie has announced plans to turn the canal's last one-lane segments into two-lane thoroughfares, according to Bloomberg. If fully completed from one end to the other, a second channel could allow traffic to pass continuously, without the one-way convoy requirement that... Continue Reading... Smugglers Run Aground While Trying to Flee Royal Navy Report: MSC Boxship Catches Fire After Houthi Missile Strike Houthis Blame Western Alliance for Subsea Cable Damage U.S. Navy Medevacs Boxship Crewmember off Guam Government Netherlands Sending Watercraft and Ammunition to Ukraine The Netherlands has become the latest European country to promise increased aid to Ukraine to help counter a mounting Russian offensive in the east and the stalled efforts for further assistance from the United States. During a meeting on Friday, March 1, between Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine just 25 miles from the border with Russia, the Netherlands also promised support for Ukraine’s naval defense. The Defense Ministry detailed the efforts... Continue Reading... Russia Banished From Membership in the Danube Commission German Navy Tried to Shoot Down an American Drone Over the Red Sea India Launches New Naval Base to Expand Presence in the Indian Ocean Australia's Future Navy: The Japanese Option Corporate News NorthStandard Rounds Off Successful Renewals with S&P ‘A’ Rating Award [By: NorthStandard] NorthStandard has followed up strong renewal results after the first year of operating as a merged entity by announcing an A rating award from S&P Global Ratings. S&P said the A rating, alongside a stable outlook, reflected its expectation for NorthStandard to maintain capital adequacy in line with its 99.99% confidence level and that “its underwriting results will be close to or better than breakeven over the next 12-24 months”. The... Continue Reading... Thordon Strengthens Relationship with Fincanteri with Bearing System Orders Signing Ceremony Expands Dual-Fuel Methanol Agreement with CCS Marine Care BV Appoints New Executive Vice President for the Group ABB to Supply Shore Connection Solution to Portsmouth International Port Cruise Ships Cruise Ship Handed Over to Buyer for 3.5-Year Residential World Cruise The latest attempt at what is being called residential cruising took a step forward with startup Villa Vie Residences reporting they have now taken delivery of the former Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines’ ship Braemar. The 31-year-old cruise ship is expected to transfer from her four-year lay-up in Scotland to a shipyard to begin a refurbishment before the first world cruise gets underway on May 15, 2024, from Southampton, England. CEO Mikael Petterson said the company was thrilled to announce... Continue Reading... Virgin Voyages Accused of “Blowing Smoke” in Tasmania Fearing Long-Term Problems in Red Sea, Cruise Lines Change Plans Norwegian Dawn Docks in Mauritius After Being Held for Health Check Gwen Stefani Christens Carnival's Biggest Cruise Ship Ports South Africa Buys Tugboats as Efforts Proceed to Improve Port Efficiency South Africa’s ports operator Transnet reports it is moving forward with a fleet renewal program as part of an overall effort to tackle the perennial challenges of inefficiencies that have placed the ports at the bottom of international rankings and led to massive delays and congestion. Transnet National Ports Authority said it will invest $52 million to acquire seven tugboats to be used at Durban and East London. Two contracts were awarded to Damen Shipyards Cape Town to deliver the... Continue Reading... Port of Virginia Reaches Milestone in Project to Widen and Deepen Channel Rotterdam Container Terminal First in Europe to Invest in Shore Power Judge Clears Bar Harbor, Maine to Dramatically Limit Cruise Ship Passengers U.S. EPA Launches $3B Clean Ports Fund Join the conversation. FEATURED STORIES Danfoss IXA Unveils MES 1002: Game-Changer Maritime Scrubber Application Water Sampling? The Crew Can Do It Themselves Now Methanol Pumps Enable Safe Alternative Fuel Solutions BLOGS Standardization is Key to Boosting Economies of Scale When a Swedish Program to Investigate Engine Room Fires was Launched Seafarers Must Adapt to the Rapid Evolution of Piracy PODCASTS In the Know 54: Compass Logistics & Marine In the Know 52: Jan Diekmann and Adam Schipper, Ericsson In the Know 51: Jonathan Daniels, CEO & Port Director, Port Everglades STORIES BY CATEGORY Shipping Video: Indian Navy Assists MSC Ship with Fire After Houthi Attack MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company confirmed that its vessel MSC Sky II suffered minor damage including a fire after it was struck by the Houthis. The Indian Navy went to the vessel’s aid after the attack and reported that they also escorted the ship to safe waters. The 30,000 dwt vessel is operating as an “extra vessel” according to MSC’s online tracking system and was sailing from Singapore due to arrive in Djibouti on March 4. The vessel was... Continue Reading... First Fixed Suction Sails Deployed on RoRo Chartered to Airbus Red Sea Problems Drive Schedule Reliability to Lowest Level in 15 Months Nigeria Tracks Down Bunker Vessel and Holds it on Oil Theft Charges India Seizes Cargo for Pakistan from CMA CGM Vessel Alleging Nuclear Ties Tugs & Salvage Despite Collapse in Traffic, Suez Canal is Planning a Two-Lane Future Though traffic on the Suez Canal is down sharply this year, the Egyptian government is considering plans to extend the waterway's second channel and prepare for a future with more business than ever. Suez Canal Authority chairman Osama Rabie has announced plans to turn the canal's last one-lane segments into two-lane thoroughfares, according to Bloomberg. If fully completed from one end to the other, a second channel could allow traffic to pass continuously, without the one-way convoy requirement that... Continue Reading... Smugglers Run Aground While Trying to Flee Royal Navy Report: MSC Boxship Catches Fire After Houthi Missile Strike Houthis Blame Western Alliance for Subsea Cable Damage U.S. Navy Medevacs Boxship Crewmember off Guam Government Netherlands Sending Watercraft and Ammunition to Ukraine The Netherlands has become the latest European country to promise increased aid to Ukraine to help counter a mounting Russian offensive in the east and the stalled efforts for further assistance from the United States. During a meeting on Friday, March 1, between Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine just 25 miles from the border with Russia, the Netherlands also promised support for Ukraine’s naval defense. The Defense Ministry detailed the efforts... Continue Reading... Russia Banished From Membership in the Danube Commission German Navy Tried to Shoot Down an American Drone Over the Red Sea India Launches New Naval Base to Expand Presence in the Indian Ocean Australia's Future Navy: The Japanese Option Corporate News NorthStandard Rounds Off Successful Renewals with S&P ‘A’ Rating Award [By: NorthStandard] NorthStandard has followed up strong renewal results after the first year of operating as a merged entity by announcing an A rating award from S&P Global Ratings. S&P said the A rating, alongside a stable outlook, reflected its expectation for NorthStandard to maintain capital adequacy in line with its 99.99% confidence level and that “its underwriting results will be close to or better than breakeven over the next 12-24 months”. The... Continue Reading... Thordon Strengthens Relationship with Fincanteri with Bearing System Orders Signing Ceremony Expands Dual-Fuel Methanol Agreement with CCS Marine Care BV Appoints New Executive Vice President for the Group ABB to Supply Shore Connection Solution to Portsmouth International Port Cruise Ships Cruise Ship Handed Over to Buyer for 3.5-Year Residential World Cruise The latest attempt at what is being called residential cruising took a step forward with startup Villa Vie Residences reporting they have now taken delivery of the former Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines’ ship Braemar. The 31-year-old cruise ship is expected to transfer from her four-year lay-up in Scotland to a shipyard to begin a refurbishment before the first world cruise gets underway on May 15, 2024, from Southampton, England. CEO Mikael Petterson said the company was thrilled to announce... Continue Reading... Virgin Voyages Accused of “Blowing Smoke” in Tasmania Fearing Long-Term Problems in Red Sea, Cruise Lines Change Plans Norwegian Dawn Docks in Mauritius After Being Held for Health Check Gwen Stefani Christens Carnival's Biggest Cruise Ship Ports South Africa Buys Tugboats as Efforts Proceed to Improve Port Efficiency South Africa’s ports operator Transnet reports it is moving forward with a fleet renewal program as part of an overall effort to tackle the perennial challenges of inefficiencies that have placed the ports at the bottom of international rankings and led to massive delays and congestion. Transnet National Ports Authority said it will invest $52 million to acquire seven tugboats to be used at Durban and East London. Two contracts were awarded to Damen Shipyards Cape Town to deliver the... Continue Reading... Port of Virginia Reaches Milestone in Project to Widen and Deepen Channel Rotterdam Container Terminal First in Europe to Invest in Shore Power Judge Clears Bar Harbor, Maine to Dramatically Limit Cruise Ship Passengers U.S. EPA Launches $3B Clean Ports Fund MORE STORIES BY CATEGORY Offshore Two Chinese Research Vessels Loiter at Energy-Rich Benham Rise The government of the Philippines is responding to the presence of two Chinese research vessels at Benham Rise, a seamount in the Philippine Sea. The area is within the Philippine EEZ and has prospects as a future source of oil and gas. Defense researcher and former U.S. Air Force officer Ray Powell spotted and publicized the presence of two Chinese research vessels in the Benham Rise area last week. He identified the ships as the Haiyang Dizhi Shihao and the Haiyang... Continue Reading... Germany Accelerates Offshore Wind Development With Three Sites for 5.5GW One Dead, Five Injured in SAR Helicopter Crash Off Norway New York Re-Ups Two in Jeopardy Wind Farms in Fourth Solicitation Design Developed for Multi-Function Vessel for Floating Wind Turbine Farms Shipbuilding Op-Ed: U.S. Navy's Newest Carrier Continues Tradition of Power Projection The U.S. Navy’s newest aircraft carrier – the USS Gerald R. Ford (CVN 78) – returned to its homeport of Norfolk, Virginia, on January 17, 2024. Underway for 239 days, the ship launched more than 10,000 aircraft sorties, conducted 43 underway replenishments, and sailed more than 83,000 nautical miles. Its cooks prepared and served more than 3.1 million meals, and the ship hosted VIPs including Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin, Navy Secretary Carlos Del Toro, and the crown prince... Continue Reading... UK Awards $700M Contract for Refit of Ballistic-Missile Sub Secretary of the Navy Invites Korea's Shipbuilders to Come to America China Maps Out Construction for Second Large Domestic Cruise Ship Morocco-to-UK Cable Project Plans to Order its Own Cable-Layer Environment Can Marine Protected Areas Be Shielded From Climate Change? [By Regina Lam] A marine protected area (MPA) may sound like a biodiversity haven, safe from the many external stresses of human activity. What is becoming apparent, however, is that this conservation tool rarely shelters waters from warming, changing chemistry, habitat loss, or species shifts – in other words, the impacts of climate change. Scientists are therefore increasingly recommending that MPA designs evolve from static to adaptive. “Ten years from now, what you thought you were protecting is not there anymore... Continue Reading... Ocean Plastic Could Spread Human Diseases British Antarctic Survey Tests Drones for Ocean Sensing in Antarctica Ancient Boulder Corals Could Hold the Secret to Reef Survival Researchers Achieve "Very Promising" Carbon Capture Results on LNG Carrier Business Turkish Operator Agrees to Buy a Fleet of Wing-in-Ground Craft Singaporean aerospace joint-venture AirX has signed a letter of intent with a Turkish operator for the sale of 10 wing-in-ground aircraft, bringing a long-discussed transport mode a step closer to commercial reality. WIG craft have substantial advantages over airplanes: they are easier to fly, carry more weight for equivalent fuel consumption, and take off and land from any calm body of water. Despite the benefits, the concept has struggled to get off the ground in the commercial market - until... Continue Reading... Gunvor Pays More Than $700M in U.S. and Switzerland Settling Bribery Cases Iridium Buys Service That Uses L-Band Satellites for GPS-Like Positioning UK Logistics Company Goes with Americans Over Bid from CMA CGM’s CEVA CMA CGM Completes Bolloré Acquisition, While Outbid in UK for Wincanton SUBSCRIPTIONS SUBSCRIBE Print Digital Newsletter Renew Subscribe Now Maritime Industry Conferences and Events Select any month to view events: March April May June July August September October November December January February Loading More news About Us Advertise Newsletter Contact Us Privacy Policy Site Map News Features Podcasts Magazine Newsletter Blogs Directory Jobs Piracy News Shipbuilding News Cruise Ship News Ports News Salvage News Training News Government News Environment News Corporate News Subscribe © Copyright 2024 The Maritime Executive, LLC. All rights reserved.