Compound Interest: Chemistry infographics HomeInfographics IndexNewsletterAbout/ContactShopsChem Advent Compound InterestExplorations of everyday chemical compounds HomeInfographics IndexNewsletterAbout/ContactShopsChem Advent Today in Chemistry History: Henri Becquerel and the discovery of radioactivity 5 mins ago 0Comments 0Likes 5Views Click to enlarge On 1 March in 1896, French physicist Henri Becquerel discovered radioactivity. This graphic summarises his discovery. Read more The chemistry of Chinese New Year – in C&EN February 9, 2024 0Comments 1Like 23Views Click to view the full graphic on the C&EN site Chinese New Year is also known as the Spring Festival, or Chūnjié in Mandarin, and it usually falls on the second new moon after the winter solstice. In the latest edition of Periodic Graphics in C&EN, we look at some of the celebration’s customs and the chemistry behind them. Click through to the C&EN site to see the full graphic. Read more What are plant-based meats made of? – in C&EN January 18, 2024 0Comments 2Likes 50Views Click to view the full graphic on the C&EN site Many consumers have developed a taste for plant-based meat alternatives in the past decade. In the latest edition of Periodic Graphics in Chemical & Engineering News, we look at what these alternatives are made from and how chemistry is used to improve their appearance and flavour. View the full graphic on the C&EN site. Read more Chemistry Advent 2023: A Festive Food Journey Around the World November 30, 2023 0Comments 11Likes 111Views December is here, and that means it’s Chemistry Advent season! It’s been a few years since I’ve put together a new edition, but it’s back this year with the theme “A Festive Food Journey Around the World.” Read more Spotlight Science: Celebrating disabled scientists November 6, 2023 0Comments 17Likes 147Views Disabled scientists are still vastly underrepresented in the sciences. With Enable Science, and with the help of a grant from the Royal Society of Chemistry’s Inclusion and Diversity Fund, we’ve produced a series of twelve graphics highlighting the amazing science being done by disabled scientists across the UK. Each poster highlights some of the challenges and accommodations needed to do science alongside being disabled, but also the scientists’ contributions to science. Read more Halloween special: The chemistry of candy corn – in C&EN October 31, 2023 0Comments 4Likes 288Views Click to view the full graphic on the C&EN site Confectioners produce around 9 billion pieces of candy corn every year, according to the US National Confectioners Association, with a significant chunk of this consumed by trick-or-treaters. In the latest edition of Periodic Graphics in C&EN, we look at what candy corn is made of and the chemistry behind its vibrant colours. View the full graphic on the C&EN site. Read more Load more Copyright © 2024 Andy Brunning / Compound Interest