Bitbucket | Git solution for teams using Jira Open and close the navigation menu Why Bitbucket Features CI/CD Cloud Security DevSecOps Code review Integrations Jira Integration Atlassian Open DevOps Product Guide Get Started Brief overview of Bitbucket Meet the Bitbucket interface Four starting steps Self-Hosted Pricing Log in Get it free Why Bitbucket Features CI/CD Cloud Security DevSecOps Code review Integrations Jira Integration Atlassian Open DevOps Product Guide Get Started Brief overview of Bitbucket Meet the Bitbucket interface Four starting steps Self-Hosted Pricing Log in Code & CI/CD, built for teams using Jira With best-in-class Jira integration, and built-in CI/CD, Bitbucket Cloud connects developer workflows from planning to incident management. Join millions of developers who choose to build on Bitbucket. Get it free Migrating to cloud? Listen to this webinar on Bitbucket Cloud's enterprise strategy + get migration tips. Learn more PRODUCT FEATURES Why choose Bitbucket Cloud? Collaborate across multiple teams Reduce context-switching by managing your Jira issues in Bitbucket with the built-in Jira UI. And when you include your issue key in commits, your Jira issue statuses update automatically. Learn more Ship quality code Comprehensive code review features to help you find and fix bugs before you deploy. Review large diffs with ease, view third-party code reports, and open Jira tickets right from the PR screen. Learn more Automate deployments Use our built-in CI/CD tool, Bitbucket Pipelines, to create powerful, automated workflows. Or connect Bitbucket Cloud to on-prem CI/CD tools like Bamboo or Jenkins. Learn more watch THE demo See how Bitbucket Cloud works with Atlassian tools This video demos a code change workflow using Jira Software and Bitbucket Pipelines. Secure your code Run automatic security scans with out-of-the-box integration with Snyk, or connect to other providers. Simply open an existing repository or create a new one and navigate to the Security tab to install the Snyk integration. Collaborate with IT Ops Enable automated change approval processes and resolve incidents faster by mapping incidents to deployments with Bitbucket and Jira Service Management. Learn more Secure & compliant Bitbucket Cloud is compliant with SOC2/3, ISO, and GDPR. 2FA and IP allowlisting keep your code accessible only by authorized users. All code is encrypted in transit and at rest. Learn more Integrations for every team Build a DevOps toolchain that works for you Don’t settle for an all-in-one DevOps tool. Start by connecting Bitbucket and Jira Software via Atlassian’s Open DevOps solution, then build out your custom DevOps stack with market-leading partner tools across security, testing and monitoring. Explore the Marketplace 15 million developers from over a million teams love Bitbucket 1 of 4 “We’ve gone from one big-bang release every month to 10-20 production deployments per day. We also reduced the average development cycle time from 5.8 days to 2.9 days and the standard deviation from 19.8 days to 3.5 days. Roman Bugaev, CTO 2 of 4 “The Jira/Bitbucket integration has transformed the way our software teams are able to communicate, work together, and deploy code. It's been an absolute game changer for us. Nate Van Dusen, Engineering Program Management Director 3 of 4 “With the integration, it's possible to link each line of changed code back to a Jira issue, to understand not only what was changed, but why. Scott Carpenter, Global Cloud Architect 4 of 4 “Jira and Bitbucket are linked to show details and where the change is in production. It’s traceable, so they know what we’re doing and when we’re deploying. Kyle Gengler, Senior DevOps Engineer ← → Learn more Need a self-hosted option? Bitbucket Data Center is our code collaboration tool built for teams who need to host code behind the firewall. Learn more Considering migrating to Bitbucket Cloud? Our free migration app automates moving your code and users from Bitbucket Server or Data Center to Bitbucket Cloud. Learn more New features on the horizon Learn more about what we’ve recently shipped and what we’re building next for your team. Learn more Take Bitbucket Cloud for a spin Start for free Built for professional teams Bitbucket is more than just Git code management. Bitbucket gives teams one place to plan projects, collaborate on code, test, and deploy. Get it free If you're looking for our self-managed option, check out Bitbucket Data Center Free unlimited private repositories Free for small teams under 5 and priced to scale with Standard ($3/user/mo) or Premium ($6/user/mo) plans. Bitbucket for DevOps Bitbucket integrates with first- and third-party tools to reduce context-switching and improve code quality. Learn more about using Bitbucket for DevOps. Built-in Continuous Delivery Build, test and deploy with integrated CI/CD. Benefit from configuration as code and fast feedback loops. Devsecops Build secure software from the start Bring security directly into every stage of the development process. Get real-time visibility into any security issues in their code and containers, identify vulnerability fixes early in development and monitor new risks post deployment. Learn More New to Git? No problem. We have resources to get you up to speed, quickly. Learn Git with interactive tutorials Make Bitbucket your Git sandbox with tutorials that bring you up to speed with Git and help you build effective workflows. Learn more Download Sourcetree, our free Git GUI. Say goodbye to the command line - Sourcetree simplifies how you interact with your Git repositories so you can focus on coding. Learn more Simple plans hosted in the cloud. Priced to scale. Free USD X per user/month up to 5 users Get started Free forever Standard USD X per user/month 1-100 users Try it free Starts at $15 /month Premium USD X per user/month 1-100 users Try it free Starts at $30 /month 101+ users? We offer discounts for large teams! Calculate your price Want to learn more about our self-managed option? Bitbucket Blog Bitbucket writing program API Site status Resources Technical support Documentation Plans & pricing What is Version Control? Connect with us Sign up for Git articles and resources: Thanks for signing up! Connect with Bitbucket Privacy policy Notice at Collection Terms of use Trust & security Copyright © 2024 View all Atlassian products Choose your language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português русский 中文