BuzzSumo | Media Mentions In Minutes. Content Ideas For Days. The Media Database That Really Understands Journalists Explore Our Database And See What Journalists Create So You Can Better Connect 🫶 Find Out More Features Content Discovery Ideas at your fingertips Content Research Index billions of articles and posts Find Influencers Identify the right influencers Monitoring Track what’s happening online Chrome Extension Research content on the go API Automate with ease Use Cases Competitor Intelligence Benchmark your performance Content Strategy Create compelling content Crisis Alerting Protect your brand Digital PR Share with the people that matter Influencer Marketing Optimize your influencer strategy Video Marketing Move into multimedia Resources Blog Latest data stories and insights Research In-depth research and insights Webinars Live expert advice Case Studies How BuzzSumo helps customers level-up Testimonials What do our customer say? Wellbeing Hub Content to help you feel content API Docs For developers Help Pricing Company About Us Find out more about BuzzSumo Contact Us How can we help? BuzzSumo Affiliates Program Refer BuzzSumo and get rewarded Login 30-Day Free Trial Login 30-Day Free Trial Be inspired. Stay informed. See how much interest brands and content generate in the wild. Start Your 30-Day Free Trial Start Your 30-Day Free Trial What BuzzSumo can do for you Outreach Discovery Research Monitoring Chrome Ext. Influencers API Outreach Discovery Research Monitoring Chrome Ext. Influencers API From ideas to coverage Find and connect with 700K journalists Pitch only active journalists, with 330K monthly profile updates Spot high-impact journalists with social engagement data Get 2x more niche topic results than any other database Write relevant pitches, faster with our AI pitching tool Discover, pitch, outreach, and report all in one place Tell Me More What’s the big idea? Be inspired by engaging topics and real-time trends Tap into viral stories or revamp classics Generate content ideas and briefs at the click of a button Analyze between 15 minutes and five years’ worth of data Access our archive of 8bn articles worldwide Tell Me More Don’t rely on guesswork Discover the most popular content in any niche Investigate content across Facebook, Twitter, Reddit and YouTube Filter to see what resonates with your audience Uncover top content ideas from your competitors Study shares, links, and trends over the last five years Tell Me More Stay alert to stay ahead Accurately track mentions, trends, and updates Create alerts for topics, brands, and keywords Monitor competitor mentions and content to get ahead See new links rolling in from around the web Track content from key publications and journalists Tell Me More Research content on the go Analyze social engagement while browsing search engines and websites Examine key competitor metrics in seconds Save tons of time on content research Pocket great content ideas to discuss later Access our archive of 8bn articles on the go Tell Me More Shortlist tastemakers and trend breakers Tap into influencers on Facebook, X (Twitter), YouTube, and TikTok Research the most influential voices in your space Keep up with their content to form lasting connections Pick from the best of the best for your partnerships and promotions Get real data on their impact Tell Me More Automate with ease Integrate and automate with powerful APIs Build insightful internal reporting tools Enhance public web applications Create dashboards and visualizations to prove impact Track the performance of published content Tell Me More Founder & CEO, SparkToro Rand Fishkin “I can search for terms/phrases and quickly identify content that’s performing well in a niche or with an audience.” Founder, Connective3 David White “Whatever technology you have fuelling the engine of BuzzSumo seems to be better than most others. It can pick up new links a lot quicker than other link index tools or manual searches. For us, that’s absolutely crucial.” Read More Co-Founder, Story & Search Kostas Petrou “I fell in love with BuzzSumo. It was the missing link I’d been looking for. I use it religiously, every single day. The result we’re aiming for is top tier press coverage – not just UK, but global coverage – across some of the largest publications in the world, and BuzzSumo is absolutely pivotal to us achieving that. Without BuzzSumo, we would struggle.” Read More Content Marketing Consultant, Erika Heald Marketing Erika Heald “What I love is that I’m able to use data, thanks to BuzzSumo, to help people gain a lot better understanding of who their audience is, and where they’re actually engaging with content.” Read More Can you put a price on quality data? knowing first? efficiency? originality? brilliance? creativity? The answer is: Yes. And with BuzzSumo it’s a steal! We’ve got payment options for all budgets, and a 20% cost saving on annual plans. Pay annually and save 20% Content Creation For marketers and marketing agencies wanting to take their content to the next level. $199 /mo Billed yearly, save $478/yr 1 User A user has access to the app and can run searches, export, and create alerts. Unlimited Searches The number of searches you can run per month. Searches are shared by all users on an account, and will refresh monthly on the date of subscription. Read more about what counts as a search. 2 Alerts Set up custom Alerts to get notified of media mentions and engagement via email. Start Trial Content Creation includes… Content Analyzer An inspiration index of billions of pieces of content published around the globe. Tap into the most engaging articles across any topic, URL, or domain you can think of. Trending Feeds Trending identifies and categorizes the day’s most viral posts – everything is published in the past 24 hours. Follow custom or curated feeds to see what’s trending, whether that’s worldwide or in your industry niche. Question Analyzer Search customer questions across millions of forum posts, including Amazon, Reddit, Quora, and Q&A sites. PR & Comms For agencies needing to monitor coverage, research and outreach to journalists, and track trends. $299 /mo Billed yearly, save $718/yr 5 Users A user has access to the app and can run searches, export, and create alerts. Unlimited Searches The number of searches you can run per month. Searches are shared by all users on an account, and will refresh monthly on the date of subscription. Read more about what counts as a search. 5 Alerts Set up custom Alerts to get notified of media mentions and engagement via email. Start Trial Everything in Content Creation, plus… Media Database & Outreach Find and engage with Journalists most relevant to your specific topics. With exclusive insights, you can find journalists writing about your brand, market, and competitors right now, not a year ago. Coverage Reports Find out all you need to know about your past month’s media mentions. Discover publication data and social media engagement, as well as mention count, placement (headline, first paragraph, full article), and excerpts. Slack Integration Plug your Alerts directly into your chosen Slack channels, and build media monitoring into your daily routine. Suite Most Popular Ideal for the entire marketing team in large brands and agencies. $499 /mo Billed yearly, save $1198/yr 10 Users A user has access to the app and can run searches, export, and create alerts. Unlimited Searches The number of searches you can run per month. Searches are shared by all users on an account, and will refresh monthly on the date of subscription. Read more about what counts as a search. 10 Alerts Set up custom Alerts to get notified of media mentions and engagement via email. Start Trial Everything in PR & Comms, plus… YouTube Analyzer Evaluate the success of organic and paid YouTube content with engagement data on views, video length, likes, comments, and social engagement. Advanced Chrome Extension Expand your capabilities while you browse with custom analytics when viewing profiles, on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and TikTok. See engagement ratios, related profiles and more. Article Uploads Batch upload URLs and coverage to Projects, to get a top-level overview of content engagement. Perfect for regular reporting to clients and stakeholders. Enterprise No-holds-barred access. Everything household-name brands and agencies need. $999 /mo Annual billing only 30 Users A user has access to the app and can run searches, export, and create alerts. Unlimited Searches The number of searches you can run per month. Searches are shared by all users on an account, and will refresh monthly on the date of subscription. Read more about what counts as a search. 50 Alerts Set up custom Alerts to get notified of media mentions and engagement via email. Start Trial Everything in Suite, plus… RSS Feed Sync BuzzSumo data up with other apps such as Zapier or IFTTT, and bring your reports to life. Granular Location Search A more granular Media Database search that allows you to filter location by state. Early Access To New Features Access our exclusive Beta testing program, and use, test, and give feedback on our latest features before anyone else. View All Pricing Plans Why users love BuzzSumo We’re too modest to brag . . . So we’ll let our customers do it for us. Case Study Rise at Seven Read Case Study Case Study theCLIKK Read Case Study Case Study Connective3 Read Case Study Featured content Digital PR Why Relevance Should Be Your #1 Focus For PR Link Building Read Blog BuzzSumo Tools How To Use BuzzSumo: 15 Things You Can Do In 30 Days Read Blog Content Marketing 100m Articles Analyzed: What You Need To Write The Best Headlines Read Blog Start Your 30-Day Free Trial No credit card. No commitment. Just a LOT of inspiration. Start Now Features Content Discovery Content Research Influencers Monitoring Chrome Extension API Use Cases Competitor Intelligence Content Strategy Crisis Alerting Digital PR Influencer Marketing Video Marketing Content Resources Blog Wellbeing Hub Webinars Help Monthly Buzz Newsletter Legal Terms & Conditions Customer Data Privacy Notice Data Processing Addendum Cookie Preferences About About BuzzSumo Contact Us Pricing Testimonials Case Studies BuzzSumo Affiliate Program More Login Start 30-Day Free Trial The Monthly Buzz Top marketing trends and the most shared content from over the past month, direct to your inbox. Sign up Copyright © 2024 BuzzSumo Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Sovereign House, Church Street, Brighton, BN1 1UJ | Company number: 11796969 | VAT number: 316 140 051