Center for Immigration Studies Skip to main content Center for Immigration Studies Low-immigration, Pro-immigrant Center for Immigration Studies Twitter Account Center for Immigration Studies Facebook Page Center for Immigration Studies Gettr Account Center for Immigration Studies Youtube Channel Whistleblower Contact Toggle navigation Home Topics Biden Border Crisis Chain Migration Current Numbers Immigration Costs Population and Environment Illegal Immigration Legal Immigration National Security Migrant Caravans Refugees Sanctuary Cities Welfare Use Publications Authors Press Releases Reports Books Fact Sheets Litigation Maps Op-eds Podcast Regulatory Comments Transcripts Testimony Videos Blog Full Author List Andrew R. Arthur Todd Bensman Steven Camarota Jon Feere Mark Krikorian David North Nayla Rush Jessica M. Vaughan Data Portal E-mail Updates About Staff List Internship Careers Contact Donate Center for Immigration Studies Twitter Account Center for Immigration Studies Facebook Page Center for Immigration Studies Youtube Channel Whistleblower Contact Search Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Immigration Publications Immigrants in U.S. Doctoral Programs A new report examines the disproportionate share of foreign students in doctoral programs and their relatively average performance upon graduation. The report reveals that immigrants received nearly half of all doctoral degrees issued in the United States in 2022, with temporary immigrants receiving 75 percent of the immigrant doctorates. Despite this substantial representation, immigrant doctorate recipients demonstrate relatively average performance upon graduation. Can U.S. Farm Workers Be Replaced by Machines? A report and companion podcast episode provide historical context as well as analysis of current challenges and prospects for farm labor and mechanization. Both the report and the discussion explain the options available to replace U.S. farm workers - machines, H-2A guestworkers, and imports. The Employment Situation of Immigrants and the U.S.-born in the Fourth Quarter of 2023 Compared to 2019, all employment growth has gone to the foreign-born Comparing the fourth quarter of 2019 to the fourth quarter of 2023 shows 2.7 million more people working in the United States — 2.9 million more immigrants (legal and illegal) and 183,000 fewer U.S.-born Americans. UN Budgets Millions for U.S.-Bound Migrants in 2024 A United Nations-led “Regional Refugee and Migrant Response Plan (RMRP)” calls for more than 200 nonprofit groups to dole out $1.6 billion in cash debit cards, food, clothing, medical treatment, shelter, and even “humanitarian transportation” during 2024 to millions of U.S.-bound immigrants in 17 Latin American nations and Mexico. Read also: Biden Admin. Sends Millions to Religious Nonprofits Facilitating Mass Illegal Migration Three Years of Biden Immigration Policies Have Benefitted Criminal Aliens Official data from ICE reveals that the Biden administration has arrested and removed significantly fewer criminal aliens than the Trump administration. Contrary to Secretary Mayorkas's claim, public safety and national security have been significantly undermined by the Biden administration’s reckless policies, and the threats the administration has created will continue to inflict damage on American society for many years to come. Immigrants in U.S. Doctoral Programs Farm Workers Replaced by Machines? Employment Situation of Immigrants and the U.S.-born UN Budgets Millions for Migrants Biden Immigration Policies Benefit Criminal Aliens Immigration Publications Immigrants in U.S. Doctoral ProgramsA new report examines the disproportionate share of foreign students in doctoral programs and their relatively average performance upon graduation. The report reveals that immigrants received nearly half of all doctoral degrees issued in the United States in 2022, with temporary immigrants receiving 75 percent of the immigrant doctorates. Despite this substantial representation, immigrant doctorate recipients demonstrate relatively average performance upon graduation. Can U.S. Farm Workers Be Replaced by Machines?A report and companion podcast episode provide historical context as well as analysis of current challenges and prospects for farm labor and mechanization. Both the report and the discussion explain the options available to replace U.S. farm workers - machines, H-2A guestworkers, and imports. The Employment Situation of Immigrants and the U.S.-born in the Fourth Quarter of 2023Compared to 2019, all employment growth has gone to the foreign-born Comparing the fourth quarter of 2019 to the fourth quarter of 2023 shows 2.7 million more people working in the United States — 2.9 million more immigrants (legal and illegal) and 183,000 fewer U.S.-born Americans. UN Budgets Millions for U.S.-Bound Migrants in 2024A United Nations-led “Regional Refugee and Migrant Response Plan (RMRP)” calls for more than 200 nonprofit groups to dole out $1.6 billion in cash debit cards, food, clothing, medical treatment, shelter, and even “humanitarian transportation” during 2024 to millions of U.S.-bound immigrants in 17 Latin American nations and Mexico. Read also: Biden Admin. Sends Millions to Religious Nonprofits Facilitating Mass Illegal Migration Three Years of Biden Immigration Policies Have Benefitted Criminal AliensOfficial data from ICE reveals that the Biden administration has arrested and removed significantly fewer criminal aliens than the Trump administration. Contrary to Secretary Mayorkas's claim, public safety and national security have been significantly undermined by the Biden administration’s reckless policies, and the threats the administration has created will continue to inflict damage on American society for many years to come. Home Immigration Blog Unauthorized Work Program for Tens of Thousands of Mexicans Finally Draws Congressional Curiosity By Todd Bensman on March 5, 2024 Any connection between Biden’s creation of what appears to be a new, unauthorized Mexican work program and its demand that Mexico tamp down border numbers until the November election is speculative. But speculation is inevitable in the absence of answers to questions like those Reps. Roy and Collins have posed. Topics: Biden Border Crisis, Mexico Texas Immigration Law in Place for Now By Elizabeth Jacobs on March 4, 2024 Update: The Supreme Court Monday evening put the Texas law on hold until at least March 13. Topics: Biden Border Crisis, Texas Government Admission: Biden Parole Flights Create Security ‘Vulnerabilities’ at U.S. Airports DHS won't say which airports are receiving inadmissible aliens from abroad By Todd Bensman on March 4, 2024 CBP is withholding from the Center the names of the 43 U.S. airports that have received 320,000 inadmissible aliens from January through December 2023, nor the foreign airports from which they departed. Topics: Biden Border Crisis, Immigration Parole Op-ed: Illegal Immigrant Terrorism — Right-Wing Boogeyman Or Credible Threat? By Viktor Marsai on March 4, 2024 Underestimating the security challenges posed by illegal mass immigration is just as damaging as overstating the issue. Topics: National Security Georgia Murder Case Highlights Problems with ‘Alternatives to Detention’ By Jon Feere on March 1, 2024 The latest information on the recent murder of Laken Riley at the University Georgia raises serious questions about the effectiveness of the expensive and controversial Alternatives to Detention (ATD) program. Topics: Criminal Aliens Op-ed: Joe Biden Is Losing the War for the Border to Donald Trump By Andrew R. Arthur on March 1, 2024 On Thursday, President Biden and Donald Trump offered Americans a split-screen view of the border in Texas — Biden in Brownsville, on the Gulf end of the Rio Grande, and Trump upriver in Eagle Pass. Topics: Biden Border Crisis, Politics View All Postings New Podcast 2024 Border Tour Database Media Interviews Todd Bensman Discusses the Border Crisis Jessica Vaughan Explains Migrant Bussing Steve Camarota Discusses Record-Setting Increase in Immigrant Population New Book The Center for Immigration Studies is an independent, non-partisan, non-profit research organization founded in 1985. It is the nation's only think tank devoted exclusively to research and policy analysis of the economic, social, demographic, fiscal, and other impacts of immigration on the United States.