Michigan Public Search Query Show Search News Arts & Life Commentary Community Criminal Justice & Legal System Economy Education Environment & Climate Change Health Politics & Government Public Safety Social Justice Sports Transportation & Infrastructure Weather Arts & Life Commentary Community Criminal Justice & Legal System Economy Education Environment & Climate Change Health Politics & Government Public Safety Social Justice Sports Transportation & Infrastructure Weather Stateside Stateside Podcast Radio Episodes Collision Course Stateside Podcast Radio Episodes Collision Course Podcasts & Shows Dough Dynasty Morning Edition It's Just Politics Ride of Passage That's What They Say Michigan Public Presents Auchter's Art Believed All On-Air Programs Dough Dynasty Morning Edition It's Just Politics Ride of Passage That's What They Say Michigan Public Presents Auchter's Art Believed All On-Air Programs Projects Amplify Great Lakes News Collaborative Michigan Public Reads Minutes Mornings in Michigan State of Opportunity Amplify Great Lakes News Collaborative Michigan Public Reads Minutes Mornings in Michigan State of Opportunity Listen How to Listen Broadcast Schedule Download the Michigan Public App How to Listen Broadcast Schedule Download the Michigan Public App Connect About Michigan Public Contact Us Events Meet Our Staff Newsletters About Michigan Public Contact Us Events Meet Our Staff Newsletters Support Become a Member Philanthropy Corporate Sponsorship Donate a Vehicle/Boat/Property Michigan Public Shop Michigan Public Grants Contact Development Become a Member Philanthropy Corporate Sponsorship Donate a Vehicle/Boat/Property Michigan Public Shop Michigan Public Grants Contact Development © 2024 MICHIGAN PUBLIC Menu 91.7 Ann Arbor/Detroit 104.1 Grand Rapids 91.3 Port Huron 89.7 Lansing 91.1 Flint Show Search Search Query Donate Play Live Radio Next Up: 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 Available On Air Stations On Air Now Playing Michigan Public All Streams News Arts & Life Commentary Community Criminal Justice & Legal System Economy Education Environment & Climate Change Health Politics & Government Public Safety Social Justice Sports Transportation & Infrastructure Weather Arts & Life Commentary Community Criminal Justice & Legal System Economy Education Environment & Climate Change Health Politics & Government Public Safety Social Justice Sports Transportation & Infrastructure Weather Stateside Stateside Podcast Radio Episodes Collision Course Stateside Podcast Radio Episodes Collision Course Podcasts & Shows Dough Dynasty Morning Edition It's Just Politics Ride of Passage That's What They Say Michigan Public Presents Auchter's Art Believed All On-Air Programs Dough Dynasty Morning Edition It's Just Politics Ride of Passage That's What They Say Michigan Public Presents Auchter's Art Believed All On-Air Programs Projects Amplify Great Lakes News Collaborative Michigan Public Reads Minutes Mornings in Michigan State of Opportunity Amplify Great Lakes News Collaborative Michigan Public Reads Minutes Mornings in Michigan State of Opportunity Listen How to Listen Broadcast Schedule Download the Michigan Public App How to Listen Broadcast Schedule Download the Michigan Public App Connect About Michigan Public Contact Us Events Meet Our Staff Newsletters About Michigan Public Contact Us Events Meet Our Staff Newsletters Support Become a Member Philanthropy Corporate Sponsorship Donate a Vehicle/Boat/Property Michigan Public Shop Michigan Public Grants Contact Development Become a Member Philanthropy Corporate Sponsorship Donate a Vehicle/Boat/Property Michigan Public Shop Michigan Public Grants Contact Development Top Stories John McGraw Photog - stock.adobe.com / 532976272 Politics & Government Michigan House Republicans try again for shared leadership Colin Jackson | MPRN The latest proposal involves a new bipartisan committee to set the agenda for which bills come up for House votes. Normally the majority party sets the agenda on its own. WXYZ Public Safety Industrial fire and multiple explosions shoot debris into the air in Detroit suburb The Associated Press Beth Weiler/Michigan Radio Health Abortion access expands in Grand Rapids, after clinic restrictions repealed Kate Wells What you need to know for the 2024 Election Politics & Government At Michigan Republican caucuses Trump's popularity and party divisions both on display Stateside Stateside Podcast: 100,000+ Michiganders voted "uncommitted" Politics & Government Justin Amash announces Republican bid for Michigan U.S. Senate seat after having previously left GOP Stateside Stateside Podcast: Michigan's 2024 primary results Dough Dynasty Stateside Dough Dynasty: The rise of American pizza Stateside Dough Dynasty: The secret sauce of a pizza chain Stateside Dough Dynasty: How they spent their dough Stateside Dough Dynasty: The deep dish on Detroit style Latest Stories Station News Summer Internship: Stateside The internship is focused on the presidential election year. Interns will participate in an intern-led podcast and digital media project focused on the interests, questions, and concerns of young voters in 2024. This is a paid internship. Criminal Justice & Legal System James Crumbley is up next as 2nd parent to stand trial in Michigan school shooting Ed White | The Associated Press A man who purchased a gun with his son four days before the teen used that weapon in a mass school shooting is headed to trial on involuntary manslaughter charges. Stateside Stateside Podcast: One Michigan family's freedom papers Rachel Ishikawa Benjamin Hall's family has passed down one of their ancestor's freedom papers for generations. The document tells a piece of this family's history, and a larger painful legacy of chattel slavery in the United States. Politics & Government Whitmer will consider MSU trustee removal request Rick Pluta | MPRN Governor Gretchen Whitmer will consider whether to act under a rarely used state law to dismiss public officials for misconduct. Politics & Government Stateside: Monday, March 4, 2024 Stateside Staff The results from the Michigan GOP caucuses, unwrapping a busy week for the Ottawa County Commissioners, the best advice for living with albinism, and dangers of online disinformation during a Presidential election year. Listen • 49:43 Environment & Climate Change MDHHS report: North Kent County residents have higher levels of PFAS Alvin (AJ) Jones A new report from the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services says that residents of northern Kent County have higher-than-average levels of PFAS in their blood. Community Michigan based Catholic news site Church Militant agrees to pay $500k in defamation case and is expected to close The Associated Press A far-right, unofficial Catholic media site has agreed to pay $500,000 to a New Hampshire priest who sued for defamation over a 2019 article. Criminal Justice & Legal System A court case is forcing a delay in restoration work at two mid-Michigan dams that failed in 2020 Steve Carmody To restore the dams, Midland and Gladwin county commissioners last month approved a local assessment. But many property owners claim the assessment devalues their homes and will drain their savings. Education Governor Gretchen Whitmer could remove two trustees from their positions as leaders at Michigan State University Arjun Thakkar MSU board agreed to censure some of its members at a meeting last night. Stateside Stateside Podcast: MI received an opioid epidemic settlement. Now what? Rachel Ishikawa Michigan is set to receive around $1.5 billion dollars over the next 18 years from a settlement with pharmaceutical companies that produce and distribute opioids. Politics & Government Michigan communities' share of state marijuana tax revenue totals $87 million Alvin (AJ) Jones The Michigan Department of Treasury announced that over $87 million would be distributed to Michigan communities as a part of a tax revenue splitting agreement. Politics & Government First Democratic ‘One Campaign’ office of ’24 cycle opens in metro Detroit Colin Jackson | MPRN The One Campaign provides resources to candidates up and down the ballot. Michigan Radio rebrands as Michigan Public The rebrand reflects the station’s goal of meeting people where they are: on the radio, online, on mobile devices, on-demand, and in-person at events. Commentary TWTS: An ouster for the ouster Rebecca Kruth An ouster can be an act of ousting, or it can be the one who does the ousting. But we seem to have opted for one of those meanings over the other. Listen • 5:13 Politics & Government Divided Michigan GOP awards all remaining presidential delegates to Trump The Associated Press Michigan Republicans awarded all 39 of the state’s remaining presidential delegates to Donald Trump during a convention Saturday. That's after Trump won Michigan's Feb. 27 primary with 68% of the vote. Saturday’s convention comes just days after a Kent County judge affirmed that former Michigan GOP Chair Kristina Karamo was removed properly by party members in January. Criminal Justice & Legal System Michigan State starts sending convicted sexual abuser Larry Nassar documents to attorney general The Associated Press A group of 2,000 documents was being transferred Friday, but the transfer of all 9,000 documents will take about a month, MSU spokesperson Emily Guerrant said. Politics & Government Some Republicans will skip this weekend's GOP presidential caucuses in Grand Rapids Rick Pluta | MPRN Michigan Republicans have resolved a dispute that appeared headed toward dueling caucuses in Detroit and Grand Rapids. But now a new insurgency is brewing. Load More Discuss "Come and Get It" with author Kiley Reid Thursday, March 7, 7 p.m.Venue by 4M1919 S Industrial Hwy Ann Arbor, MI 48104 Register Now! Close To Home: The Conflict In Gaza Community Michigan students are organizing on campus amid the violence in Gaza and Israel. Here's what they're saying. Community "These are things you read about in horror books": Michigan doctor says 20 of his relatives killed in Gaza Community "I haven't been the same": U of M student worries from afar as cousins fight Hamas in Israel Community A metro Detroit mom always felt safe wearing her hijab. Until now. Politics & Government Tlaib censured over slogan: What does "from the river to the sea" mean to people in Michigan? Community War between Israel and Hamas is thousands of miles from Michigan. But for many here, it's close to home. Conversations that matter to Michigan. Daily at 3 & 8 p.m. Stateside Show & Podcast Episodes Stateside Podcast: One Michigan family's freedom papers Stateside Podcast: MI received an opioid epidemic settlement. Now what? Stateside: Friday, March 1, 2024 Epilogue Stateside Podcast: 100,000+ Michiganders voted "uncommitted" News Headlines From NPR More U.S. aid air dropped into Gaza 3 things to know about the current crisis in Haiti Places across the U.S. are testing no-strings cash as part of the social safety net On Super Tuesday, abortion is driving Democrats to the polls in North Carolina A U.N. report finds 'reasonable grounds to believe' attacks in Israel included rapes FAA audit faults Boeing for 'multiple instances' of quality control shortcomings Stay Connected twitter instagram youtube facebook linkedin © 2024 MICHIGAN PUBLIC Contact Us Work with Us Public Documents Michigan Public Hourly News Contest Rules Privacy & Terms of Use FCC Applications