#1 WordPress Event Manager Plugin | Calendar | Sell Tickets close Celebrate the festive season with WP Event Manager's New Year sale. GET FLAT 20% ON EVERYTHING.Use Coupon Code XMAS2023 shop Now New Year Offer 20% offUse Coupon Code WPEMCH2020 shop Now Make this Diwali a festival of savings with WP Event Manager. Get flat 20%on everything. Use Coupon Code DIWALI2023 shop Now Easter Offer 20% offUse Coupon Code WPEMCH2020 shop Now Enjoy the biggest Black Friday sale of the year with WP Event Manager. GET FLAT 20% on everything.Coupon Code: BF2023 shop Now Winter Offer 20% offUse Coupon Code WPEMCH2020 shop Now Summer Offer 20% offUse Coupon Code WPEMCH2020 shop Now Monsoon Offer 20% offUse Coupon Code WPEMCH2020 shop Now Helloween Offer 20% offUse Coupon Code WPEMCH2020 shop Now Company 5th Anniversary Offer 20% off Use Coupon Code WPEMCH2020shop Now We are going to organize a webinar on the Calendar Add-on Free Discount Coupon Register Now Last date : 23/02/2023 International Yoda Day Offer 20% DISCOUNTOn All Products. Use Coupon Code YOGA20shop Now USA Independence Day Sale 15% DISCOUNT On All Products. Use Coupon Code USA15shop Now Missed our recent webinar? No worries! Catch the replay Webinar Link Redeem it for a special offer mentioned in the webinar. Join our Webinar on Mastering Event Management Skills Online With us on 31st January at 10:30 pm IST and Get 20% OFFon All Products.Register Now! Enjoy the biggest Cyber Monday sale of the year with WP Event Manager. GET FLAT 20% ON EVERYTHING.Coupon Code: CM2023 shop Now Join our webinar on how you can create an event ticketing system with us on 28th Feb at 10:00 PM IST and get 20% discount. Register Now! Features New Themes New Virtual Live Pricing Demo Support Help Center FAQs Blog Integrations Showcases Featured Us Recommended Themes Contact Login Cart Features New Themes New Virtual Live Pricing Demo Support Help Center FAQs Blog Integrations Showcases Featured Us Recommended Themes Contact Login Cart #1 All in One Event Management Plugin for WordPress Calendar, ticketing, and powerful WordPress tools to manage your events from frontend as well as backend. Buy Now Try A Demo Events Made Easy WP Event Manager is a lightweight, open source, scalable and full featured event management plugin for adding event listing functionality to your WordPress site. Get Started EASY TO USE Create, manage and categorize events on your website with the easiest options and a familiar WordPress UI. SEARCH AND FILTER Ajax based filtering and search features added through shortcodes to ensure that your visitors find the listings of their interest instantly. FRONTEND FORMS Submit, manage and organize your event listings from the front end submission form and dashboard. DEVELOPER FRIENDLY Coded with the best practices – You’ll only find custom post types, annotated code, endpoints and template files. Features You’ll Love! Turn your WordPress website into an event management portal with just few clicks. Fully Responsive All our plugins are fully compatible and have responsive designs that perfectly fit into every screen size. Customizable Well-structured addons are efficient enough to fulfill your unique business requirements. SEO Friendly Helps you achieve a high ranking on all major search engines like Google, Yahoo, Bing and more. Field Editor Allows you to edit each event submission form field as per your preference without any codes. Multiple Views Display your events in a stylish way with multiple views including box view and list view. Freedom to Operate Allows organizers to submit their event listings from the frontend and admins from the backend. Preview Before Event live Offers users the opportunity to get an event preview so that any changes if required, can be made before publishing it. Easy Events Classification Allows visitors to easily search and find events based on event types and categories. Event Dashboard Effortlessly manage multiple events from a detailed event dashboard. Effective Operation Helps users create a highly-functional and attractive event management portal using various settings and options. Event Widgets Showcase your event details in widgets and boost the effectiveness of your WordPress theme. Organizers & Venues Allow users to handle multiple events, venues and organizers through a single organizer account. Template Override Customize template files as per your requirements without affecting the actual plugin settings. Multilingual Translation Support Allows users to cater to all global audiences by creating bilingual and multilingual websites. Compatible with the 3rd party translation plugins as well. Page Builder Compatibility Compatible with Gutenberg as well as major third-party page builders like elementor, visual composer, divi builder! No developer skills required for set up. Get it Free Now View Live Demo Expert Opinions WP Event Manager is the experts choice. Don’t take our word for it. Wp event manager plugin is very clean plugin in terms of code. The plugin is fast and does not impact the design of the theme too. I am using this plugin for my blogs and I am loving it totally. Best event management plugin in WordPress. Good job team . Jitendra Vaswani Founder Schema Ninja I was very impressed how fast and easy it was to set up the plugin. After installation, it literally took just two clicks to create the pages and shortcodes for a basic event management system. This is a valuable plugin that many WordPress users can benefit from. David Coleman Award Winning Online Marketer and Brand Developer WP Mayor WP Event Manager is one of the most comprehensive event WordPress plugins available in the market. The user-friendly settings and detailed guidance make this plugin stand out. WP Event Manager plugin along with it’s add-ons can be the best solution for any event website. Dhiraj Das Founder Begindot View All Expert Reviews Supported by Real People WP Event Manager is a global remote team of passionate WordPress professionals. You won’t be left high and dry when you use our plugins. We offer the fastest turn-around time for support queries and fix bugs faster than you can find them. Customer support is our first priority. What our customers say Thank you for your valuable feedback. Great Plugin! I have tried all of the other event management plugins and this is the only one that actually does exactly what I want without having to spend hours and hours figuring out how to write codes and stylesheets! It’s super easy to use and looks great right out of the box! I am so glad I found this plugin! I will definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good events management plugin!!! I love that you can submit events from both the backend and frontend! Thanks for the awesome plugin!!! Linda Benefield Brilliant support I cannot fault the support I have received. They even made changes to my tickets live. Couldn’t ask for more! webmastermcpf1 Awesome plugin! need a little more work on the style Awesome plugin, work great with have many nice features. my only note on style and theme that I think can have more improvement, also as long you using bootstrap why not just use a vanilla bootstrap style which make it much easier to integrate into the site theme … but again great work Thanks samii View All Testimonials Featured on Thank you for the mention. About us The Team Work with Us Hiring Contact Us Awards Our Brands WP Food Manager Tech Jobs Fair Help Center Knowledge Base Developers Docs Video Tutorials Add ons Support Lost License Key Refund Policy Support Policy Subscription Help Join Slack Community Join Facebook Community Resources Demo FAQs Case Studies Blog Featured Us Showcases Recommended Themes Integrations Plugin Translations Comparison The Events Calendar vs WP Event Manager Modern Events Calendar Vs WP Event Manager Events Manager Vs WP Event Manager FooEvents Vs WP Event Manager Add ons Virtual Event PlatformNew Mobile APP New Calendar Google Maps Registrations Sell Tickets Stripe Split Payment Attendee Information Zoom Mailchimp Sendinblue Constant Contact Active Campaign Guest List Recurring Events WooCommerce Paid Listings HubSpot CRM Salesforce CRM Zoho CRM Event Countdown New Blog Posts & Guides Recent Posts WP Event Manager Bags Award at the International Business Conclave 2024 WP Event Manager Teams Up with Wbcom Designs WP Event Manager Helps 435 Locals Build a Perfect Website for Managing Their Community Events WP Event Manager Becomes the First Runner-up in the Startup of the Year 2023 Award Unlimited WP & WP Event Manager: A Meaningful Collaboration For Better WordPress Websites with Superior Event Features How to Create an Online Event Registration Form in WordPress with Ease? How WP Event Manager Offers the Perfect Solution to Redcitrus Designs’ Client Newsletter Keep up to date with product annoucements, updates and other related news by subscribing to our newsletter below. 2024 © WP Event Manager, All Rights Reserved. Impressum Terms Of Use Privacy Policy We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. SAVE & ACCEPT Close Close