Spotted by Locals: Travel guides made by locals! Home Our App Become a Spotter Cities Our blog About us Contact us City guides with insider tips by locals in 82 cities! Meet Spotted by Locals - the travel app that helps you experience cities like a local and discover hidden gems. With insider tips from our handpicked locals and a commitment to sustainable travel, our app is your guide to exploring cities off the beaten path. Say goodbye to tourist traps and hello to authentic experiences - download Spotted by Locals now! Spotters Weekend '23 As featured on: Try our app now! Discover hidden gems HANDPICKED LOCALS who speak the local language ONLY LOCAL FAVORITES No tourist highlights ALWAYS UP-TO-DATE We check all tips regularly Modern travel app NAVIGATION Shows time to walk FIND SPOTS NEARBY and navigate there online SAVE FAVORITES and show them on the map App Store Google Play Active in 80+ cities Our 80 City Guides Paris Barcelona Bucharest Tampere Beirut Vancouver Copenhagen Cairo Frankfurt View all cities Europe & Middle East Amsterdam Antwerp Athens Barcelona Beirut Belgrade Berlin Bern Bratislava Brussels Bucharest Budapest Cairo Chisinau Cologne Copenhagen Dublin Edinburgh Florence Frankfurt Geneva Ghent Glasgow Hamburg Helsinki Istanbul Krakow Kyiv Lisbon Ljubljana London Luxembourg Madrid Malmö Manchester Milan Minsk Moscow Munich Oslo Paris Podgorica Porto Prague Prishtina Riga Rijeka Rome Rotterdam St. Petersburg Sarajevo Skopje Sofia Stockholm Tallinn Tampere Tashkent Tbilisi Tel Aviv The Hague Thessaloniki Tirana Turin Venice Vienna Vilnius Warsaw Yerevan Zagreb Zurich North America Boston Chicago Los Angeles Mexico City Montreal New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Toronto Vancouver Washington X City trips like a local! A 100% offline app curated by handpicked locals in 80+ cities. No algorithms. No fake reviews. Just the absolute favorite spots of real insiders! Try our app Spotted by Locals Blog A blog about art & culture trends in cities 8 Nov 2023 Spotters Weekend ’23 in Krakow: Connecting Communities By: Spotted by Locals 4 Jul 2023 An Ideal Day in Zagreb: A Guide for the curious savvy traveller! By: Spotted by Locals 20 Jun 2023 Our locals’ favourites in Munich: A Guide for the curious savvy traveller! By: Spotted by Locals 13 Jun 2023 Unveiling the Hidden Gems of Prague: A Guide for the curious savvy traveller! By: Spotted by Locals 3 May 2023 From Montreal to Milan: Carmen’s Adventures as a Spotter and Photographer By: Spotted by Locals 24 Apr 2023 Unveiling the Hidden Gems of Vilnius: A Day of Timeless Wonders and Local Secrets By: Spotted by Locals Check all Blog posts Follow us To Top © 2024 spottedbylocals.com™ // Terms of service // Privacy policy // (Why) we use cookies // Sitemap Design by joostliesveld.com Last Changed Date: 2016-05-19 11:45:13 +0200 (Thu, 19 May 2016) We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok