idahostatejournal.com | empowering the community Skip to main content Facebook Twitter Instagram Site search Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout SUBSCRIBE Home News Community Local State National World Special Sections East Idaho Business Journal East Idaho Outdoors Crimes & Court e-Edition Photos Videos Sports Local ISU High School Gate City Grays National Opinion Columns Letters to the editor Editorials Obituaries Place an Obituary Today's Obituaries Local Events Promote Your Event Family Fun Day Readers Choice Kids Matter Contests Classifieds IdahoJobsNow Job Search Homes Place a classified ad Legal Notices Shop Local Healthy City, USA About Us Contact Advertise with us Media Kit Become A Carrier Idaho State Journal Business Journal News-Examiner Farm & Ranch East Idaho Outdoors Newsletter sign up Archives Latest E-Edition Idaho State Journal Manage Your Subscription Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Print Edition e-Edition How-To Facebook Twitter Instagram 29° Menu Search Site search Search Open user controls Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout SUBSCRIBE Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Contests Readers' Choice 2023 Classifieds East Idaho Careers Shop Local Healthy City, USA Online fundraiser started to replace horse that was shot and killed by local woman's ex-boyfriend A 26-year-old local man was recently arrested after authorities say he shot and killed his ex-girlfriend’s American Quarter Horse valued in excess of $10,000. Fetus found in storm drain in Idaho town ALEXANDRA DUGGAN Spokesman-Review A fetus was found in a storm drain in Smelterville on Saturday, the Shoshone County Sheriff’s Office said on its Facebook page. Brad Compher found guilty of felony first-degree murder in 2004 killing of Nori Jones SHELBIE HARRIS sharis@journalnet.com POCATELLO — After nearly 20 years, the family of Nori Jones received justice Monday when Brad Scott Compher was convicted of felony first-degr… RECORD-BREAKING STORM: Impact of massive storm still felt Monday in East Idaho as another blast of winter approaches Journal Staff A weekend snowstorm lingered into Monday, causing several local school districts to cancel all classes as some East Idahoans braved their thir… Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack Associated Press Donald Trump says the Supreme Court opinion unanimously restoring him to 2024 presidential primary ballots is a “BIG WIN" for America. The cou… Several local school districts canceling all Monday classes due to snowy conditions, power outages Journal Staff Several school districts in East Idaho have canceled all Monday classes as the region struggles to recover from a major weekend snowstorm. East Idaho missionary, age 19, passes away while serving in New Jersey Lisa Smith Rexburg Standard Journal The Upper Valley has lost one of its sons. Soda Springs Chamber of Commerce makes comeback Jeremy Smith For The News-Examiner SODA SPRINGS — A group of local citizens recently restarted the Soda Springs Chamber of Commerce, raising hope for business owners who look to… Bannock County Emergency Operations Center activated due to severe snowstorm Bannock County News Release POCATELLO — An Emergency Operations Center has been activated in Bannock County to assist agencies in the aftermath of a severe snowstorm that… Trini Bowen is Soda Springs High School's 'superfan' Jeremy Smith For The News-Examiner SODA SPRINGS — It's not uncommon to see parents in the bleachers supporting their kids at sporting events, especially in a small town like Sod… Grace wrestling continues to be the standard of 1A by hanging around with the big guys at state By Brandon Walton bwalton@journalnet.com POCATELLO − There is no 1A classification when it comes to wrestling. BIGGER AND BETTER: Major expansion of Broulim's in Montpelier to be completed in May MADDY LONG mlong@journalnet.com MONTPELIER — The Broulim's Fresh Foods in Montpelier is undergoing a major expansion that is sure to make the supermarket even more popular wi… STATE CHAMPS: Pocatello finally gets past Hillcrest in third go-around for first state title in 24 years Brandon Walton | bwalton@journalnet.com NAMPA — The Pocatello High boys basketball team soaked it all in. Thousands still without power, emergency shelters open after winter storm hammers East Idaho Journal Staff Thousands of homes and businesses are still without electricity in East Idaho after a day that saw a major winter storm dump several inches of… Idaho State University spring football photos Photos by Kyle Riley Trump victorious in Idaho GOP presidential caucus Clark Corbin Idaho Capital Sun Former President Donald J. Trump overwhelmingly won the Idaho Republican Presidential Caucus on Saturday, burying his closest rival Nikki Hale… Kindness Week celebrated at Thirkill Elementary School in Soda Springs Shena Smith For The News-Examiner SODA SPRINGS — Aviation pioneer Amelia Earhart once said “A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up… Resolution that threatens legal action over University of Phoenix purchase goes to full House LAURA GUIDO Idaho Press BOISE — The Idaho Legislature is moving forward with an attempt to involve itself in the University of Idaho’s bid to purchase the University … Pocatello partners with consulting firm to develop 10-year plan for parks, public spaces and trails TAYLOR S. CALDER tcalder@journalnet.com POCATELLO — The Gate City recently launched an initiative that will provide much-needed guidance in creating quality parks, public spaces and trails. Idaho bill proposing $420 mandatory minimum fine for marijuana possession goes up in smoke CLARK CORBIN Idaho Capital Sun Originally published Feb. 29 on IdahoCapitalSun.com. Remains of missing Montpelier woman found in rural area of northwest Nevada SHELBIE HARRIS sharris@journalnet.com The remains of a Montpelier woman who was reported missing last year were recently discovered in a remote area of northwest Nevada. Employment Opportunities! Trending Now Fetus found in storm drain in Idaho town Online fundraiser started to replace horse that was shot and killed by local woman's ex-boyfriend Several local school districts canceling all Monday classes due to snowy conditions, power outages East Idaho missionary, age 19, passes away while serving in New Jersey Brad Compher found guilty of felony first-degree murder in 2004 killing of Nori Jones RECORD-BREAKING STORM: Impact of massive storm still felt Monday in East Idaho as another blast of winter approaches STATE ROUNDUP: Snake River bounces back from heartbreaking loss for third-place finish Trini Bowen is Soda Springs High School's 'superfan' Bannock County Emergency Operations Center activated due to severe snowstorm Sports STATE ROUNDUP: Snake River bounces back from heartbreaking loss for third-place finish The third-place game at state is the hardest one to play. This week in Southeast Idaho sports Here’s this week’s full schedule of Southeast Idaho sporting events. Pocatello girls basketball gets seven players on All-4A South East Idaho Conference team The Pocatello High girls basketball team had the most wins (19) in at least 28 years, won back-to-back state trophies for the first time in a … ISU men and women's basketball teams both fall to Northern Colorado Brad Bugger For the Journal When Idaho State head coach Ryan Looney was reminded that his team had just suffered two clo… No. 1 and top-seeded Snake River stunned by familiar foe Teton in state semifinals By Brandon Walton bwalton@journalnet.com Teton just has Snake River’s number. Idaho State's Brayden Parker set to take one last bow for senior night at Reed Gym Brad Bugger For the Journal Pocatello — Idaho State head coach Ryan Looney and associate head coach Joe White were commi… Pocatello advances to third straight state championship game to get one last shot at Hillcrest Brandon Walton bwalton@journalnet.com NAMPA − There wasn’t much of a celebration by the Pocatello boys basketball team. Idaho State men's basketball falls in double overtime thriller to NAU, while women lose too By Brad Bugger For the Journal The truth is, when you lose a double overtime basketball game, there are probably a dozen in… Whitworth, Marsh Valley walks over Filer to advance to semis for the third time in four years Jason Chatraw For the Journal MERIDIAN — Ten minutes after Marsh Valley’s first-round win over Filer in the opening round … Blackfoot gives defending state champion Hillcrest all it can handle, but falls in the first round Brandon Walton bwalton@journalnet.com MERIDIAN — The final score isn’t going to show it. Latest e-Edition To view our latest e-Edition, click the image on the left. MyIdahoTix.com Support local journalismNow, more than ever, the world needs trustworthy reporting—but good journalism isn’t free. Please support us by making a contribution. Contribute Commentary Opinion: America's existential crisis: illegal immigration threatens our nation's foundation and future Opinion: The dark side of utility-scale solar and wind projects, why communities reject them Opinion: Government nurtured by participation: Idahoans should be able to vote in all elections. Opinion: Development choice not government fixes improve home affordability Opinion: Bully Opinion: It’s so obvious Opinion: Don't let more Hispanic students fall through the cracks, give us the education to succeed! Sports Business Journal First Friday Art Walk Vanguard Tactical Laser Tag brings thrilling entertainment to your doorstep Pocatello’s Pony Express Car Wash holds grand opening Remote Realities: Office vacancies rise as work from home fully takes root Why US union membership has dipped to a record low despite recent high-profile wins The US needs homes. But first, it needs the workers to build them. Pizza Stop owner born to make quality pizza Business Journal COmmunity Blackfoot's forgotten school Shoshone-Bannock Casino Hotel announces MMA with special guest Tito Ortiz Food preservation class set for March 27-28 Red Cross Month honors community heroes Portneuf Greenway Foundation granted easement for new trail Bingham Healthcare upgrades to an advanced MRI A Wrangler's Reckless Writings: My warming hut Dinner Belle Community Newsletter Signup Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters: Special Offers Daily Headlines and much more! Get your e-Newsletters Photo Galleries Idaho State University spring football photos Photos by Kyle Riley Idaho State University spring football photos Photos of Simplot Games at ICCU Dome in Pocatello Photos by Kyle Riley Photos of Simplot Games at ICCU Dome in Pocatello Photo Gallery: Bear River Massacre Memorial Photo Gallery: Bear River Massacre Memorial Photo Gallery: Elk Tagging Photo Gallery: Elk Tagging Photos of the car show at Pine Ridge Mall in Chubbuck Photos by Kyle Riley Photos of the car show at Pine Ridge Mall in Chubbuck Local Events National Stock market today: Wall Street slips further from its record highs Regulator would cap credit card late fees at $8, part of Biden's campaign against junk fees The Latest | At least 17 killed in an Israeli airstrike in southern Gaza Democrats make play for veteran and military support as Trump homes in on GOP nomination Small plane crashes near Nashville interstate and 5 people aboard were killed, police say Industrial fire and multiple explosions shoot debris into the air in Detroit suburb Five people aboard a small plane died after a crash near an interstate in Nashville, Tennessee, police say AP News in Brief at 6:04 a.m. EST Alabama lawmakers aim to approve immunity laws for IVF providers National East Idaho Outdoors Yellowstone National Park gets $40 million gift to build more employee housing Skagit County takes next step in Big Rock park expansion The magpie-coyote connection State to begin process of setting salmon fishing seasons North Cascades National Park receives $162,000 in grant funding Steel girders arrive for Northern State Recreation Area bridge Pato real: The mallard, or 'royal duck' Pete Zimowsky’s Outdoors Spotlight Sedro-Woolley High School students help with trail building Idaho Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential caucuses in Idaho Resolution calls for suppressors to be regulated like guns. It now heads to the Idaho House Nevada county election official in charge of controversial 2022 hand-count plan resigns Lawmakers bidding to resume Louisiana executions after 14-year pause OK new death penalty methods AP Decision Notes: What to expect in Idaho's GOP caucuses US sues to block $24.6 billion merger of US grocery giants Kroger and Albertsons, saying it will lead to higher prices White House, tribal leaders hail 'historic' deal to restore salmon runs in Pacific Northwest House votes to legalize fentanyl testing strips, bill heads to Senate Idaho governor expands fentanyl initiative to include human trafficking Idaho Archive Search the complete digital archives for all papers in the Pioneer News Group. Visit the Archives Videos Potential suspect vehicle in Sienna Drive residential burglary Courtesy videoUpdated Feb 27, 2024 0 Video captured from a security camera from the neighborhood of Siena Drive following a residential burglary that shows a potential suspect vehicle and two potential suspects. WATCH LIVE: Motorcade honoring late Marine Capt. Ben Moulton KTVBUpdated Feb 23, 2024 0 The public lines the streets to pay respects to the late Capt. Ben Moulton as his body is honorably transferred to his final resting place in Emmett. DWR Updated Feb 13, 2024 0 Multiple injuries in building collapse at Boise Airport KTVBUpdated Feb 1, 2024 0 Featured Businesses Find a local business Latest Classifieds Pruning Tree Service Moody's Tree Service: Construction Contractors BRI-CO Finished Lawn Landscape Pocatello Classifieds Newspaper Ads Changing Seasons $5 Student Shirt at Orange and Black Store $1 off at Mocha Madness Bulletin Idaho State Journal 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID 83204 208-232-4161 reporters@journalnet.com Facebook Twitter YouTube Subscribe Today! Manage your subscription Report a delivery issue Pay your bill Vacation stop Sign up for our daily email alerts Contact Us Call us at 208-232-4161 or send an email Get in touch with the Journal Common Submissions Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Obituary Promote Your Event Advertising Place a Classified Ad Milestones Announcements Submit your milestone. From anniversaries to weddings. × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox Footer Offer Promo CARRIERS NEEDED! Local News Worth Delivering Become a newspaper carrier for the Idaho State Journal and earn extra cash! Apply Today! © Copyright 2024 Idaho State Journal 305 S. Arthur, Pocatello, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.