PLOS ONE Skip to main content Advertisement PLOS ONE Publish Submissions Getting Started Submission Guidelines Figures Tables Supporting Information LaTeX What We Publish Preprints Revising Your Manuscript Submit Now Calls for Papers Policies Best Practices in Research Reporting Human Subjects Research Animal Research Competing Interests Disclosure of Funding Sources Licenses and Copyright Data Availability Complementary Research Materials, Software and Code Sharing Ethical Publishing Practice Authorship Corrections, Expressions of Concern, and Retractions Manuscript Review and Publication Criteria for Publication Editorial and Peer Review Process Editor Center Resources for Editors Guidelines for Reviewers Accepted Manuscripts Comments Submit Your Manuscript Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope, and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time. Learn More Submit Now About Why Publish with PLOS ONE Journal Information Staff Editors Editorial Board Section Editors Advisory Groups Find and Read Articles Publishing Information Publication Fees Press and Media Contact Browse Search Search advanced search Browse Subject Areas ? Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field. For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here. February 13, 2024 PLOS ONE An inclusive journal community working together to advance science by making all rigorous research accessible without barriers Read the latest COVID-19 research This Collection highlights content published across the PLOS journals relating to the COVID-19 pandemic.Read More 01/31/2024 Agriculture A low-tech, low-cost method to capture point-source ammonia emissions and their potential use as a nitrogen fertiliser Cowan and colleagues demonstrate the feasibility of low-tech ammonia capture from manure using a water column bubbling technique, and show that dissolved calcium nitrate was effective at ammonia capture at low concentrations and near-neutral pH. This may help reduce reliance upon - and cost of - mineral fertilizer. Image credit: Dziedzina by barskefranck, Pixabay 02/04/2024 Science education Testing the cultural-invariance hypothesis: A global analysis of the relationship between scientific knowledge and attitudes to science Sturgis and colleagues found a positive relationship between science knowledge and positive attitudes towards science in the largest global study assessing the relationship between the two to date. Image credit: Fig 1 by Sturgis et al., CC BY 4.0 01/25/2024 Aging Longitudinal clustering of health behaviours and their association with multimorbidity in older adults in England: A latent class analysis Health-risk behaviours such as smoking, unhealthy nutrition, alcohol consumption, and physical inactivity are leading risk factors for multimorbidity. Suhag and colleagues found that these health-risk behaviours tend to be stable as people age and so ought to be addressed early. Image credit: Złamać by Peggychoucair, Pixabay 01/31/2024 Bone and mineral metabolism Vitamin D status in post-medieval Northern England: Insights from dental histology and enamel peptide analysis at Coach Lane, North Shields (AD 1711–1857) Snoddy and colleagues uncover evidence of prevalent seasonal and sex-linked vitamin D deficiency in post-medieval Northern England, through the histological analysis of dental remains. Image credit: Fig 1 by Snoddy et al., CC BY 4.0 02/04/2024 EveryONE Informing Policy to Close the Cancer Care Gap – Research Highlights from PLOS ONE PLOS ONE Associate Editor Jenny Tucker highlights recent PLOS ONE publications on the theme of this year's World Cancer Day: "Close the Care Gap." Image credit: Mind the gap by GregPlom Prasad, Pixabay 12/20/2023 EveryONE Editor’s Picks – Highlights of 2023 The PLOS ONE Staff Editors highlight their favorite publications from 2023. Image credit: 2023 header by EveryONE CC BY 4.0 12/04/2023 EveryONE A Year of Editor Spotlights: Editorial Board Experience Highlights from interviews with PLOS ONE Academic Editors in 2023. Image credit: A Year of Editor Spotlights by EveryONE CC BY 4.0 01/25/2024 ONCOLOGY Exploring pathways to optimise care in malignant bowel obstruction (EPOC) Bravington and colleagues present a realist protocol to develop shared decision-making interventions. Image credit: Doctor using a modern computer by Onlyyouqj, Freepik 02/01/2024 Biotechnology Bacillus subtilis DNA fluorescent sensors based on hybrid MoS2 nanosheets Nguyen and colleagues successfully developed a more efficient and sensitive biosensor for B. subtilis DNA detection based on bionanotechnology. Image credit: Fig 1 by Nguyen et al., CC BY 4.0 01/22/2024 Network Security A comprehensive guide to CAN IDS data and introduction of the ROAD dataset Verma, Bridges and colleagues present a guide and new dataset for assisting research into security of vehicle wireless controller networks. Image credit: Technologia by NeiFo, Pixabay 01/31/2024 Socioeconomics Unveiling the intellectual structure of informality: Insights from the socioeconomic literature Gómez-Cruz and colleagues used multilevel co-word analysis to determine the structure of informality in the context of socioeconomics literature. Image credit: Fig 3 by Gómez-Cruz et al., CC BY 4.0 Collections Collections Browse the latest collections of papers from across PLOS. Collections Watch this space for future collections of papers in PLOS ONE. of Meet our staff at conferences Conferences 2024 New opportunities to meet our editorial staff in 2024 will be announced soon. Conferences 2024 New opportunities to meet our editorial staff in 2024 will be announced soon. of Publish with PLOS ONE Submission Instructions Submit Your Manuscript Connect with Us Contact Us RSS PLOS ONE on Twitter PLOS on Facebook PLOS Blogs Tweets by @plosone Get new content from PLOS ONE in your inbox PLOS will use your email address to provide content from PLOS ONE. You can find out more about how PLOS processes your data by reading our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails or by contacting us at privacy@plos.org. Sign up Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to the PLOS ONE newsletter. Sorry, an error occurred while sending your subscription. Please try again later. Try again PLOS ONE | ISSN: 1932-6203 (online) Publications PLOS Biology PLOS Climate PLOS Complex Systems PLOS Computational Biology PLOS Digital Health PLOS Genetics PLOS Global Public Health PLOS Medicine PLOS Mental Health PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases PLOS ONE PLOS Pathogens PLOS Sustainability and Transformation PLOS Water Home Blogs Collections Give feedback LOCKSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Media Inquiries Contact PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San Francisco, California, US