Fastmail | We Respect Your Privacy & Put You in Control mobile menu button Why Fastmail More Productive How it Works Pricing Blog Support Log in Try for free Make Email Yours Fast, private email that’s just for you. Try for free Featured as a privacy-first email solution in: Reclaim your Email Get the email you have always wanted A familiar and more intuitive interface Unique privacy features to keep you protected Explore all features Get the email you have always wanted A familiar and more intuitive interface Unique privacy features to keep you protected With Fastmail, your email only belongs to you Best alternative to Gmail and iCloud for email, calendars, and contacts! Jon Henshaw Founder of Coywolf I have used Fastmail for years and found them consistently excellent. Dylan Beattie Creator of the Rockstar programming language Fastmail rocks! It’s secure, private, independent, and has a Gmail transfer tool. You won’t regret the move. Vicky Brasseur Open source expert and author Reclaim your Privacy Reclaim your Privacy The providers of free email know too much about you. Keep your information away from self-serving companies who use your data. We have your back with a privacy-first email service and features that keep you in control. Get: Masked Email with 1Password Additional email addresses Image loading privacy Learn about email privacy > Reclaim your Time Reclaim your Time Get things done with our interface that works your way. Scheduled Send and Snooze Our features get time back on your side. Schedule mail to send at the best time and free up inbox space by snoozing emails. Labels Quickly find important emails by adding labels. You can import Labels from Gmail. Undo Send Everybody makes mistakes. Quickly cancel a sent email if you realize you’d like to revise it or take it back. Custom Swipes Stay on top of your inbox. Customize mobile swipes to move mail to Folders. Speedy Support Get a real answer from a real person. Get support Get support Start now –in just three steps 1 Sign up. 2 Migrate. 3 Download app. Use Gmail? Migration offers more than just email. Bring your calendar, contacts, and all of your mail to one place! Use 1Password? Change email addresses quickly with the Masked Email generator. You can also connect your current domains for more customized email addresses. Try it free for 30 days Learn more about our privacy features subscribe input label subscribe submit button You have successufully subscribed! Product Why Fastmail More Productive How it Works Compare to Gmail Compare to HEY Compare to Proton Compare to Outlook Try it Resources Help Center Contact support Blog Podcast Press Company About Fastmail Privacy-first Developing Open Standards Partnerships News Careers Get Started Download the App Setting Up Fastmail Pricing Log in facebook link twitter link linkedin link Mastodon link © 2024 Fastmail Pty. Ltd. | All rights reserved facebook link twitter link linkedin link Mastodon link Privacy Terms Fastmail Policies Website by