The Portal to Texas History The Portal to Texas History is a gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. The Portal to Texas History Your Search Terms: Any Type Everything Set As Default Filter Popular Resource Types Newspapers Set As Default Photos, Maps, and other Images Set As Default Texts, Books, Documents Set As Default All Resource Types Articles Set As Default Artworks Set As Default Books Set As Default Book Chapters Set As Default Clippings Set As Default Collections Set As Default Datasets Set As Default Images Set As Default Journal/Magazine/Newsletters Set As Default Legal Documents Set As Default Legislative Documents Set As Default Letters Set As Default Maps Set As Default Musical Score/Notations Set As Default Newspapers Set As Default Pamphlets Set As Default Papers Set As Default Patents Set As Default Photographs Set As Default Physical Objects Set As Default Poems Set As Default Postcards Set As Default Posters Set As Default Presentations Set As Default Prose fictions Set As Default Reports Set As Default Reviews Set As Default Scripts Set As Default Sounds Set As Default Specimens Set As Default Technical Drawings Set As Default Texts Set As Default Theses or Dissertations Set As Default Videos Set As Default Websites Set As Default Yearbooks Set As Default Search Background Image Source Select to get the source of the background image's source on this site. A gateway to rare, historical, and primary source materials from or about Texas. About the Portal Search Guided Search Advanced Search Proximity Search Searching Help Explore by Explore by Collection Explore by Partner Explore by Location Explore by Subject Explore by Resource Type Explore by Dates Explore by Publication Title Take a Tour Donate This section provides ways for you to get periodic updates about the site, and links to share it on popular social media networks. Subscribe Get monthly updates in your in-box Follow Us Updates News Feed New Items Feed New Partners Feed New Collections Feed Share Twitter Facebook Tumblr reddit Collection Highlights This section provides a sampling of some of our collections. Texas Digital Newspaper Program Check out the News from: 25 years ago in March, 1999 50 years ago in March, 1974 75 years ago in March, 1949 100 years ago in March, 1924 150 years ago in March, 1874 This day in history Browse All Years More Collections Ladd & Katherine Hancher Library Foundation Collection The Ladd and Katherine Hancher Library Foundation supports public libraries in Texas that serve populations of 50,000 and under. Hardin-Simmons Glass Lantern Slide Collection Scans of glass slides dating from the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Included are scenes from around the world, … Don Shugart Photography Collection Don Shugart, an equine and show-photographer, documented these images of the 1997 National Cutting Horse Association Summer Cutting Spectacular that … Dallas County Probate Records Texts of probate cases conducted in Dallas County between 1846 and the early 1900's. These records were microfilmed in 1977. … Explore all 842 Collections Featured Partner Every time you visit this page, we'll highlight a different partner in this section. Houston History Research Center at Houston Public Library The Houston History Research Center (HHRC) is part of the Houston Public Library System's Special Collections Division which also includes the Clayton Library Center for Genealogical Research and the African American Library at the Gregory School. About This Partner Browse Contributed Items Explore all 487 Partners News and Announcements Horse Photos Featured in New Book The UNT Libraries recently published Through the Lenses of Ray Bankston and Don Shugart, a captivating sample of the extensive collection of prints and negatives held in the Libraries’ Special Collections. Ray Bankston and Don Shugart were two of the most prolific photographers of American Quarter Horses and horse show events in the South and Southwest during the last four decades of the twentieth century. Their work is also featured in The Portal to Texas History’s Ray and Joyce Bankston Dalco Photography and Don Shugart Photography Collections. What we do: Educate, Preserve, Build Hundreds of years of Texas' cultural heritage exist in the physical holdings of communities across the state. The Portal seeks to digitize originals, preserving and presenting online copies for the long-term. Doing so highlights hidden collections, builds statewide connections, and provides access to you, regardless of the time or your location. Texas History for Teachers Texas History for Teachers provides Texas social studies teachers access to evidence-based historical content and resources for teaching Texas history, with all content mapped to the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills (TEKS) standards. Find Teaching Materials Texas Digital Newspaper Program Learners of all ages can use TDNP to stand in the shoes of people from over 180 years ago to the present. Through our newspaper collection, we provide an understanding of the lives of Texans across history and miles. "The newspaper digitization project places our library in position to reach out toward the future. By taking a piece of the past and bringing it with us, we are sure to grow and learn, appreciate and respect what was, what is and what will be." Leslie Whitaker, Claude Public Library About the Program Rescuing Texas History The Portal to Texas History periodically offers mini-grants for its Rescuing Texas History series. Each grant provides up to $1,000 of digitization services to libraries, museums, historical societies, and other groups that house historical materials. All of the materials are scanned at UNT Libraries and hosted on the Portal. "I collect old Texas photographs. Thanks to the Portal, they can now be viewed by the world." Brad Willis — T. B. Willis Photograph Collection Submit a Project Help Us Save Texas History! Last month, we counted 1,852,681 uses of items on the Portal by people all over the world. Many were provided by small communities and funded by the generosity of donors like you. Become a Partner Information for libraries, museums, schools, historical societies, civic groups, and individuals interested in the digital preservation and sharing of cultural heritage materials on this site. Participate On-line Giving You can support the preservation of small, disappearing, and at-risk communities and provide free access to them for students, educators, and researchers of all ages and abilities. Donate Get in Touch Questions / Feedback Report Problems Follow Along New Items (RSS) News Facebook Additional Resources Texas History for Teachers K-12 lesson plans, tools, and other help for history teachers. Gateway to Oklahoma History Historic newspapers digitized from across the Red River. UNT Digital Library UNT's history and scholarship, library special collections, plus a large collection of U.S. government documents. UNT Digital Projects Unit For partners and peer institutions seeking information about standards, project requests, and our services. Harmful Content Statement Some content on this site may be difficult to view. Read more about this topic here. Make a Donation We've created an endowment to improve everyone's access to primary sources online. Your support aids students of all ages, rural communities, as well as independent and professional researchers. Donate Now Get Updates in Your Inbox Sign up for our periodic e-mail newsletter, and get news about our collections, new partnerships, information on research, trivia, awards, and more. Subscribe Now External Links UNT Libraries Terms Privacy Accessibility State of Texas Online Updated: Friday, Mar 01, 2024 Back to Top of Screen