Homepage | Right Wing Watch Homepage | Right Wing Watch Skip to main content Help expose the Far-Right's extreme and intolerant agenda. Donate Social Signup for email updates: Thank you! Right Wing Watch Explore TopicsBrowse our archive of posts by topic OrganizationsBrowse our archive of posts on key right-wing groups PeopleBrowse our archive of posts on key right-wing figures ReportsRead in-depth reports on key people, organizations and issues on the Right About Donate Search Search Trending Capitol Insurrection Christian Nationalism Disinformation No, Charlie Kirk, Our Form Of Government Was Not ‘Directly Inspired By Deuteronomy’ Most Recent Right Wing Round-Up: The Rise Of Christian NationalismMarch 4, 2024 5:07 pm Right Wing Bonus Tracks: Impressively MachiavellianMarch 4, 2024 5:04 pm No, Charlie Kirk, Our Form Of Government Was Not 'Directly Inspired By Deuteronomy'March 4, 2024 3:21 pm Right Wing Round-Up: Religion And PoliticsMarch 1, 2024 5:04 pm Read All Featured Christian Nationalist MAGA Cultists Launch ‘The Courage Tour’ To Put Trump Back In Office Read More Steve Bannon is the MAGA Movement’s Rabid Spirit Animal Read More Stephen Miller’s CPAC Rant: Arrest ‘Commie’ Teachers, Use Government Power to ‘Defeat Evil’ Read More Influential MAGAchurch Pastor John MacArthur Judges MLK, Jr. as ‘Not a Christian at All’ Read More About People For the American Way Right Wing Watch is a project of People For the American Way. For over 40 years PFAW has mobilized hundreds of thousands of Americans nationwide to fight for progressive values: equal rights, freedom of speech, religious liberty, and equal justice under the law for every American. VISIT PFAW.ORG Sign up for email updates from Right Wing Watch Thank you! More Stories Load More Topics People Organizations Reports About Archive Donate Social Tip Submit a Tip Signup for email updates: Thank you! Contact Us | Privacy Policy © 2024 Right Wing Watch, a project of People For the American Way. Support Our Work to Disrupt Extremism and Defend Democracy! Right Wing Watch is a powerful force in exposing the tactics of anti-democratic leaders and fighting right-wing extremism — while also equipping activists to resist the rising tide of authoritarianism. We need your support more than ever. Donate today and join the fight. DONATE TODAY >> Make Your 4X-MATCHED Year-End Contribution Today! Time is ticking! Year-end is here, and with our generous 4X-match, your donation to fight back against Trump Republicans will go four times as far! Stand with us to uphold Norman’s legacy in defending democracy, protecting free speech, and safeguarding our rights from an increasingly hostile right-wing. Act now – let's make 2024 a year of positive change! Rush a 4X-MATCHED contribution today! Time is ticking! Year-end is here, and with our generous 4X-match, your donation to fight back against Trump Republicans will go four times as far! Stand with us to uphold Norman’s legacy in defending democracy, protecting free speech, and safeguarding our rights from an increasingly hostile right-wing. Act now – let's make 2024 a year of positive change! Rush a 4X-MATCHED contribution today! $25 $50 $100 $250 $500 Other Amount Or, continue to site ›