Online Appointment Scheduling Software | Schedulista Schedulista logo 1-800-419-1672 Features Pricing Blog Login Sign Up 1-800-419-1672 Online appointment scheduling for your business Clients book themselves 24/7. Never miss another appointment. Start your 15-day free trial Already have an account? Log in Beautiful Appointment Scheduler Stand-alone booking page to match your personal brand. Or integrate scheduling seamlessly with your website. Learn more Appointment Reminders for You and Your Clients Reduce appointment no-shows with free unlimited SMS/text message appointment reminders and email confirmations. Learn more Accept Credit Card Payments Automatically charge clients when they book an appointment. Credit card capture can also be used to reduce no-shows. Learn more Stay connected. Mobile Apps for iPhone and Android Manage your appointments and availability on-the-fly. Learn more Explore more features Who can use Schedulista? Any business that depends on an appointment calendar can use Schedulista “Schedulista is the reason my business has taken off! It's nice to wake up to a full schedule without having to spend any time on the phone"” Kyra Gerhard, Mantis Massage Licensed Massage Therapist “With Schedulista, my clients can book at all hours and I can reach my artistic and lifestyle goals without being tied to my telephone.” Heidi Rogers, Savoir Faire Hair Stylist “We are a global company with clients in every time zone. With Schedulista, we have saved hours of back and forth and delays scheduling Skype and telephone meetings across the globe." Philippe Jeanjean, Boston Global Corporate Communications Coach “Schedulista helps me to work my business smarter… my clients love the ease of scheduling and changing appointments. I am able to concentrate on what I’m good at -- training!" Jennifer Toro, FitGirls4Life Personal Training “Schedulista is a win-win for research! It has tremendously reduced the time we spend scheduling. The ease of use and convenience have really reduced barriers to participation! Dr. Rachel Severson, WWU, Dept Psychology University Researcher Chiropractor Acupuncturist Consultant Lawyer Barber Golf Instructor University Coach Driving School Nail Artist Hair Stylist Massage Therapist Accountant Tattoo Artist Accountant Personal Trainer Lash & Brow Artist Photographer Music Teacher Golf Instructor Esthetician Pet Trainer Govt. Municipality Coach Nutritionist Bridal Shop Tutor Event Venue Spa Yoga Instructor How much does it cost? Flat fee. No setup charges. All features included. $ 19 USD per month Just You $ 39 USD per month 2-15 staff contact us for more than 15 Enterprise custom pricing Any team size contact us Get Started Start your free 15-day trial today! Get Started Start your free 15-day trial today! Connect with the tools you love. We're partnered with the best in class tools to help grow your business. Mailchimp Grow your business with email marketing. Stripe Accept credit cards and take deposits with Stripe. Google Calendar Synchronize your Google Calendar with Schedulista. Facebook & Instagram Provide booking in your Facebook and Instagram pages. Zoom Schedule and host virtual sessions with your clients. Mailchimp Grow your business with email marketing. Stripe Accept credit cards and take deposits with Stripe. Google Calendar Synchronize your Google Calendar with Schedulista. Facebook & Instagram Provide booking in your Facebook and Instagram pages. Zoom Schedule and host virtual sessions with your clients. You might still be wondering... Is my business too small? Not at all. Schedulista works well even for the smallest businesses. At less than a dollar a day, a single additional appointment a month, or a few hours saved would easily pay for the product. What if I don’t work a regular schedule? No problem. You can easily change your work hours on a per-day basis. Text message appointment notifications will also keep you notified of changes in your schedule. What if I don’t have a smart phone? You don’t need a smart phone to use Schedulista. If you don’t have a smart phone, you’ll just need regular access to a computer so you can check your online schedule and your email. What if I still have questions? Feel free to send us email at support@schedulista.com or give us a call: phone icon (800) 419-1672 Start using Schedulista Sign up for a free 15-day trial in 30 seconds. Get Started Product Home Features Pricing Sign up Sign In Company About Us Privacy Terms Cookie Settings Documentation Contact Email Us (800) 419-1672 Connect Facebook Twitter Schedulista © 2011-2024 Hello World LLC Login Home Features Pricing Blog Want to give Schedulista a try? Start your 15-day free trial