World Resources Institute | Making Big Ideas Happen Skip to main content Accessibility World Resources Institute Making Big Ideas Happen Main navigation Research Data Initiatives Insights Click to see more Secondary Navigation Our Approach Our Work Donate Donate Donate Quick Links Quick Links News Resource Library Experts Events Careers Donate Click to see more Main navigation Research Data Initiatives Insights Footer menu - secondary Our Work Regions Africa Asia Europe Latin America North America Programs Cities Climate Energy Food Forests Ocean Water Centers Economics Equity Finance Mega Menu Our Approach Strategic Plan Managing for Results Top Outcomes About Us Mission Staff Latest Annual Report Financials History Sustainability at WRI Board of Directors Join Us Events Careers Ways to Give Procurement Opportunities Contact the Institute What can we help you find? Ways to Give Join us Contact an Expert Explore WRI Perspectives Back Filter Your Site Experience by Topic Applying the filters below will filter all articles, data, insights and projects by the topic area you select. All Topics Remove filter Climate filter site by Climate Cities filter site by Cities Energy filter site by Energy Food filter site by Food Forests filter site by Forests Freshwater filter site by Freshwater Ocean filter site by Ocean Business filter site by Business Economics filter site by Economics Finance filter site by Finance Equity & Governance filter site by Equity & Governance Search WRI.org Not sure where to find something? Search all of the site's content. What can we help you find? Ways to Give Join us Contact an Expert Explore WRI Perspectives Building a Clean Energy Future A New Solution to Power Africa Insights State of the US Clean Energy Transition: Recent Progress, and What Comes Next Insights More Critical Minerals Mining Could Strain Water Supplies in Stressed Regions What We Do WRI is a trusted partner for change. Using research-based approaches, we work globally and in focus countries to meet people’s essential needs; to protect and restore nature; and to stabilize the climate and build more resilient communities. We aim to fundamentally transform the way the world produces food, uses energy and designs its cities to create a better future for all. We work across several topics affecting people, nature and the climate: Cities Climate Energy Food Forests Freshwater Ocean Other Topics Business Economics Equity Finance A key part of our theory of change involves forging trusted partnerships with governments, businesses, research organizations, civil society groups and others to bring the right change-makers together. Learn more about WRI’s 100+ projects, coalitions and initiatives. Global Forest Watch Offering the latest data, technology and tools that empower people everywhere to better manage and protect forest landscapes. Launch PlatformLaunch Platform Visit Project Part of Forests UrbanShift A global program transforming cities for people and planet through sustainable, integrated and inclusive approaches to urban development. Launch PlatformLaunch Platform Visit Project Part of Cities NDC Partnership The NDC Partnership is a global initiative to help countries achieve their national climate commitments and ensure financial and technical assistance is delivered as efficiently as possible. Launch PlatformLaunch Platform Visit Project Part of Climate Partnering for Green Growth and the Global Goals 2030 (P4G) P4G helps early-stage climate businesses implementing solutions across food, water and energy systems to become investment ready. Launch PlatformLaunch Platform Visit Project Part of Finance View all Initiatives Our Global Reach WRI has nearly 1,800 staff located around the world. In addition to global initiatives and a coordinated regional presence in Africa and Europe, we prioritize work in 12 focus countries: Brazil, China, Colombia, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Ethiopia, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Mexico, Republic of the Congo, Rwanda and the United States. Asia Europe Africa North America Latin America United States WRI Mexico WRI Europe WRI Africa WRI India WRI China WRI Indonesia WRI Brasil Featured Resources Climate Ending Deforestation in the Amazon Can Grow Brazil’s GDP — But That’s Not the Only Reason to Do It Insights June 19, 2023 U.S. Climate Increased Biofuel Production in the US Midwest May Harm Farmers and the Climate Insights February 27, 2024 Gender Enabling Women as Key Actors in Nature-based Solutions Research July 5, 2023 Ocean How Blue Carbon Can Tackle the Climate, Biodiversity and Development Crises Insights June 28, 2023 Recently Published Climate What Are Greenhouse Gas Accounting and Corporate Climate Disclosures? 6 Questions, Answered Insights March 4, 2024 Climate 5 Essential Principles of the Just Transition Work Programme for Climate Action Technical Perspectives March 4, 2024 STATEMENT: UK Should Deliver on International Climate Finance Promises News February 29, 2024 Forests Complex Supply Chains Are Still a Major Barrier to Ending Deforestation Insights February 29, 2024 Equity & Governance A New Global Green Accountability Platform Will Enhance Civil Society Involvement in Climate Finance and Action Update February 28, 2024 Climate Increased Biofuel Production in the US Midwest May Harm Farmers and the Climate Insights February 27, 2024 View more Get updates on WRI’s upcoming events and insightful breakdowns of our latest research, data and other resources. Subscribe to WRI Digest How You Can HelpWRI relies on the generosity of donors like you to turn research into action. You can support our work by making a gift today or exploring other ways to give. Donate Ways to Give Stay Informed Email Footer menu - main Research Data Initiatives Insights Footer menu - secondary Our Work Regions Africa Asia Europe Latin America North America Programs Cities Climate Energy Food Forests Ocean Water Centers Economics Equity Finance Footer menu - Offices International Websites WRI Brasil WRI China WRI India WRI Indonesia WRI Mexico Footer menu - Additional Contact Us Events Resource Library For Media Financials Careers Internships Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences World Resources Institute 10 G Street NE Suite 800 Washington DC 20002 +1 (202) 729-7600 Social menu Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Instagram © 2024 World Resources Institute Stories to Watch 2024 Join our live presentation on Jan 23rd as we present four stories that will shape 2024, followed by a live Q&A. Register for the webinar Say no to despair Together, we can unleash the positive, tangible and system-wide transformations needed to protect our planet for this and future generations. Donate to say yes to action