Vassar College Home | Vassar College Skip to main content Vassar Vassar College search Search button Open Search Close Search Close Menu Actions Apply Visit Give Roles Fearlessly Consequential Students Families Alums Employees Main navigation About Academics Admission Campus Life Athletics Arts Sustainability News Alums When screen actor Susan Elizabeth Shaw was cast in the film Oppenheimer, she decided to learn all she could about the Vassar alum she would portray. Read morePhoto: Tim Redel Campus Events Students, faculty, and administrators gathered for a symposium sponsored by the Vassar Environmental Research Institute, where they shared ideas on ways to combat climate change. Read morePhoto: Kelly Marsh Alums Vassar alum Rachel Simmons ’96 has had a winding career path—and she came to Vassar to tell students that’s OK. Read morePhoto: Kelly Marsh Campus Events Students presented research about the Rev. Howard Thurman, a religious and civil rights leader who made several visits to the College from 1928–1957. Read morePhoto: Kelly Marsh Previous Next News Prize-Winning Student Playwright Melds Academic and Extracurricular Passions Vassar Named Top Producer of Fulbright Students Vassar Gains Two New Trustees Vassar Everywhere Software engineer Jess Chong ’08 is competing on the new season of Survivor! Author and English Professor Amitava Kumar is interviewed on Slate Culture Gabfest about his habit of writing every day—and why he sticks to it. Ellen Galinsky ’64, President of the Families and Work Institute, wrote a Los Angeles Times opinion essay, “Troubled youth? Contrary to stereotypes, much of Gen Z is doing just fine.” Associate Dean Wendy Maragh Taylor and Charlotte Gullick, manager of Vassar’s Exploring Transfer program, spoke to Insight Into Diversity about the program. English Professor David Means has published his latest short story, “Chance the Cat,” in The New Yorker. Academics & Faculty Choose from 48 departments and programs, 50 majors, plus the Independent Program (interdisciplinary “design your own” major). The Vassar faculty is a diverse community of scholars, artists, writers, scientists, musicians, and thinkers. Learn more about the faculty and their teaching and research interests. Departments and Programs | Majors | Faculty Explore Admission & Financial Aid A Vassar education opens minds and doors. Apply Financial Aid Facts & StatsStudents2430Faculty369Student:Faculty8:1Average AID Award$55KMajors50Varsity Teams27 This is Vassar Vassar is fueled by an abundant energy, a creative force, a curious spirit, propelling our pursuits, hobbies, studies, and artistic endeavors. As we feed off one another’s energy, we further ignite our own fascinations. We can be uncommonly motivated and passionately inspired. We can also be laid back, but we are never just one thing. We are people who live out loud and introspective old souls. And no matter who we are, how we’re feeling, or what we’re doing, we share that universal spark that illuminates the world around us. Come take a look.This Is Vassar, our monthly email newsletter, has feature stories and news updates about our vibrant community. Browse the archive or subscribe!Browse/Subscribe Alums Economist Philip Jefferson ’83 was sworn in as Vice Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in September 2023 after President Biden nominated him for the post. Read morePhoto: Karl Rabe Alums Beowulf Boritt ’93 won the 2023 Tony Award for Best Scenic Design of a Musical for New York, New York. Read morePhoto: Cindy Ord Alums Amina Luqman-Dawson ’97 won the 2023 Newbery Medal for her middle-grade historical novel, Freewater. Read more.Photo: Matt Mendelsohn Alums Veteran CNN executive Amy Entelis ’71 was tapped to run the news outlet for the second time in as many years during a tumultuous time for the company. Read morePhoto: CNN/Jai Lennard Alums Drag artist Sasha Velour ’09 published her memoir, The Big Reveal: An Illustrated Manifesto of Drag, in 2023 and landed on the cover of the New Yorker. Read morePhoto: Allyse Pulliam Previous Next Athletics Vassar College Women’s Basketball team won its first Liberty League Championship since 2014. Read more Support Vassar Athletics Campus Life We at Vassar are committed to attracting, supporting, and retaining a strong and inclusive campus community. Engage The Arts There are over 1,000 campus-wide events annually. You will find arts-related events sponsored by the departments of Art, Music, Dance, Drama, and Film; exhibitions and events at the Frances Lehman Loeb Art Center, the Palmer Gallery, and the Archives and Special Collections Library.Background image: detail of Testimony [Figure on a horse with hands controlling the puppet], Photogravure on Hahnemühle paper, Artist: Kara Walker (American, b. 1969), Purchase, Horace W. Goldsmith Foundation Fund, 2009.25.5.Experience × Go to top of page Vassar 124 Raymond Avenue, Poughkeepsie, New York 12604 About Academics Admission Campus Life Annual Security and Fire Safety Report Title IX Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Flickr Tik Tok Social Media Directory Learn more about our comprehensive campaign → © 2024 Vassar College