Visit with Purpose: SeaWorld Orlando, San Diego & San Antonio - Park to Planet | SeaWorld Plan a visit Orlando, FL San Diego, CA San Antonio, TX Abu Dhabi, UAE Now open! Our mission Learning library Plan a visit Orlando, FL San Diego, CA San Antonio, TX Abu Dhabi, UAE Now open! Our mission Learning library Plan a visit Orlando, FL San Diego, CA San Antonio, TX Abu Dhabi, UAE Now open! Wonderis waiting Open upto awe Let yourwild out Twist& shout Visit SeaWorld Orlando, Florida San Diego, California San Antonio, Texas Abu Dhabi, UAE SeaWorld is one of the largest marine animal rescue organizations in the world. Highest standards of care Our care team consists of hundreds of professional animal behaviorists, aquarists, zoologists, veterinarians, and dieticians. What we have learned from caring for such a diverse set of animals over nearly 60 years is what informs the success of our mission, including rescue, rehabilitation, and return. Accredited & certified Our marine animal habitats and animal practices are independently accredited, reviewed, audited, and certified by premier zoological and animal welfare organizations. This ensures that we not only meet, but exceed, the highest standards of animal care, anywhere. According to AZA, fewer than 10% of the ~2,800 animal exhibitors licensed by the USDA in the U.S. have met their standards, and we are one of them. 40,000 rescues & counting Available 24 hours a day, every day of the year, our dedicated team of animal care, veterinary and animal rescue experts will always answer the call. We're committed to protecting these incredible animals and their habitats, ensuring our promise to you: a visit to SeaWorld is a visit you can feel good about. Learn more Watch Video Learningtogether Dive deeper into the animal kingdom with our learning library, full of free educational activities, videos, coloring pages and so much more. Browse library Learning library See all topics Sharks Whales Pinnipeds Penguins Polar bears Endangered species Primates Birds of prey Cheetahs Elephants Wolves See all topics More parks to explore Busch Gardens Sesame Place Discovery Cove Aquatica Adventure Island Water Country USA Our Park in Your Pocket All-New SeaWorld App Download our FREE App to easily navigate the park, view ride wait times, purchase add-on experiences, and more! Watch Video Theme Parks SeaWorld Orlando SeaWorld San Antonio SeaWorld San Diego Discovery Cove Busch Gardens Tampa Busch Gardens Williamsburg Sesame Place Philadelphia Sesame Place San Diego Water Parks Aquatica Orlando Aquatica San Antonio Adventure Island Water Country USA Conservation Conservation Fund Conservation Commitment Our Company Corporate Info Jobs Investor Relations SeaWorld Cares Education & Entertainment Learning Library Teacher Resources Camps TM/© 2024 Sesame Workshop. © 2024 SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Corporate Info Conservation Content License Investors Jobs Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Are you sure you want to delete this item? Yes No