Open Society Foundations Skip to main content Open Society Foundations Voices Who We Are How We Work What We Do search open navigation submit close navigation Who We Are Our History George Soros Leadership Board of Directors Financials Policies and Notices Offices How We Work How We Fund Grants and Fellowships Awarded Grants Who We Are How We Work What We Do What We Do Where We Work Africa Asia Pacific Europe and Central Asia Latin America and the Caribbean Middle East and North Africa United States Themes Climate Justice Equity Expression Justice Voices Events Newsroom Publications Employment Contact us Subscribe to updates about Open Society’s work around the world By entering your email address and clicking “Submit,” you agree to receive updates from the Open Society Foundations about our work. To learn more about how we use and protect your personal data, please view our privacy policy. The Open Society Foundations work to build vibrant and inclusive democracies whose governments are accountable to their people. Learn more about who we are scroll to content © Jair Coll for the Open Society Foundations How we work Every year, the Open Society Foundations give grants to a diverse array of groups and individuals who promote our values—through a unique network that is guided by local voices and global expertise. $21B Total expenditures Over the past three decades, our giving has focused on supporting people who are trying to make their communities fairer, freer, and more harmonious. $1.3B 2022 expenditures Our decentralized and bottom-up approach allows us to focus on long-term strategies while also remaining nimble and flexible enough to respond to sudden crises. 50,000+ Total Grants Awarded Our grants—ranging from a few thousand to hundreds of thousands of dollars—are awarded to organizations and activists in over 120 countries. Learn more about how we work What we do The Open Society Foundations are active in more than 120 countries around the world, using grant-giving, research, advocacy, impact investment, and strategic litigation to support the growth of inclusive and vibrant democracies. Climate Justice Equity Expression Justice Where We Work Africa Asia Pacific Europe and Central Asia Latin America and the Caribbean Middle East and North Africa United States close Africa George Soros began his philanthropic work in Africa in 1979. Today, Open Society–Africa works on democratic governance, economic advancement, and a host of other issues across the continent. Learn more $112.5M 2022 expenditures for Africa 8.5% Percentage of global expenditures Asia Pacific The Open Society Foundations have been expanding and deepening work in Asia since the 1990s—engaging in a region of great political diversity where democratic governance remains strongly contested. Learn more $81.0M 2022 expenditures for Asia Pacific 6.1% Percentage of global expenditures Europe and Central Asia Against the background of the regional upheaval caused by Russia’s war of aggression against Ukraine, Open Society continues to support open and inclusive societies and to invest in those who seek to reinvent and revitalize democracy. Learn more $154.3M 2022 expenditures for Europe and Central Asia 11.7% Percentage of global expenditures Latin America and the Caribbean In Latin America and the Caribbean, the Open Society Foundations seek to bolster democratic change by transforming growing public concern about inequality, corruption, violence, and the climate crisis into powerful initiatives and alliances to build an open and safe society. Learn more $94.4M 2022 EXPENDITURES FOR LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN 7.1% PERCENTAGE OF GLOBAL EXPENDITURES Middle East and North Africa The Open Society Foundations’ work in the Middle East and North Africa seeks to promote democratic governance and to protect human rights amid entrenched regional conflicts and political restrictions. Learn more $37.7M 2022 expenditures for Middle East and North Africa 2.9% Percentage of global expenditures United States In the United States, the Open Society Foundations work with organizations and individuals who seek to address profound racial, economic, and political inequalities, while funding efforts to prepare for the policy challenges of the future. Learn more $302.7M 2022 expenditures for the United States 23.0% Percentage of global expenditures George Soros George Soros is the founder of the Open Society Foundations. He has given away more than $32 billion of his personal fortune to fund the Open Society Foundations’ work around the world. Learn more about George Soros Subscribe to updates about Open Society’s work around the world By entering your email address and clicking “Submit,” you agree to receive updates from the Open Society Foundations about our work. To learn more about how we use and protect your personal data, please view our privacy policy. Voices Read the latest from our staff, grantees, and partners about how we’re working around the world to build vibrant and inclusive democracies whose governments are accountable and open to the participation of all people. Learn more Open Society Barometer The Open Society Barometer is one of the largest ever studies of global public opinion on human rights and democracy across 30 countries—representing almost 5.5 billion people worldwide. Explore the results Who We Are Our History George Soros Leadership Board of Directors Financials Policies and Notices Offices How We Work How We Fund Grants and Fellowships Awarded Grants What We Do Where We Work Themes Events Newsroom Publications Employment Contact Us © 2024 Open Society Foundations, some rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Accessibility