UK India Business Council Talk to our team Menu Register Login Home What we offer Consultancy Market Entry Market Research Introductions Market visits Product and Service Showcase Launchpad™ Business Setup Recruitment Support Virtual Office Membership Strategic Partnership Corporate Plus Membership Corporate Membership What our members say Key Sectors and Policy Groups Advanced Engineering and Manufacturing Digital Innovation Energy Financial, Legal, and Professional Services Infrastructure Life Sciences and Healthcare Retail, Lifestyle and Logistics Skills and Education Sports Events What we say Galleries Resources Policy JETCO Reports and White Papers India Guide Doing business in India Why India Case Studies Guide Resources Service Directory Our Members About us Meet the team Group Board India Board Access India Programme Accreditations and Affiliations Socio-Economic Impact Vacancies Corporate Policies Contact us Search Talk to our team London Delhi Talk to our team Newsletter Sign-Up Login Menu Newsletter Sign-Up Login Home What we offer Consultancy Market Entry Membership Key Sectors and Policy Groups Events What we say Galleries Resources Policy Reports and White Papers India Guide Our Members About us Meet the team Group Board India Board Access India Programme Accreditations and Affiliations Socio-Economic Impact Vacancies Corporate Policies Contact us Search Supporting Business Success Strengthening UK-India bilateral trade and investment ties through policy advocacy and strategic advisory services. The UKIBC supports the UK-India FTA negotiations The UK India Business Council welcomes the ongoing FTA negotiations between the UK and Indian Governments. We are delighted to support both Governments throughout the FTA process and to provide a platform for businesses to consistently share their views and feedback. View a summary of our submission to both Governments here: Find out more Strategic Advisory The UKIBC is an advocacy and strategic advisory business on a mission to build economic prosperity in the UK and India. Find out more Enquire Policy and Advocacy Working with our stakeholders we ensure business interests are conveyed to India’s legislators through reports, white papers, and facilitated interactions between businesses, politicians, and policy makers. Find out more Enquire Membership Membership gives you access to our intelligence, interactions, and influence, through our events, networks, expertise, and sector advocacy groups. Find out more Enquire Knowledge and Networks UKIBC: Advocating Business Success in 2023 Report UKIBC's Doing Business in India Report 2022 Minister Goyal, Secretary Badenoch engage with UKIBC members in Delhi More events Recent News 11 Dec 2023 | By Gunjan Sharma Green hydrogen a key bow to climate resilience and increasing energy demands 30 Nov 2023 | By Kealan Finnegan UKIBC conference ‘India at 2047: The Consumer Story’ highlights investment opportunities and the link between consumer empowerment and India’s economic prosperity in the run up to 2047 23 Nov 2023 | By Kealan Finnegan UKIBC sign MoU with Government of West Bengal to facilitate UK-West Bengal business engagement 10 Nov 2023 | By Kealan Finnegan Expanded opportunities for foreign universities to set up campuses in India under UGC notification 28 Sep 2023 | By Tushar Chaudhury Reflections on the largest Higher Education delegation to India 06 Sep 2023 | By Kealan Finnegan India’s G20 Summit – the latest milestone for an emerging global leader More news Read more More news Strategic Partners Please fill the form below Submit enquiry All personal data herein are processed in accordance with UK data protection legislation. All feasible security measures are in place. You may withdraw consent at any time in the future. IN ASSOCIATION WITH Accredited by Quick LinksBusiness Setup Introductions Market Research Launchpad India Guide Events Vacancies Contact Us London UK India Business Council 3 Orchard Place London SW1H 0BF UK +44 (0)20 7592 3040 enquiries@ukibc.com New Delhi UK India Business Council WeWork DLF Forum, Cyber City Phase III, Sector 24 Gurugram 122002 Delhi-NCR CIN: U74110HR2008PTC056054 +91(0) 124 502 6059 enquiries@ukibc.com Helpline +44 (0)20 7592 3040 For any queries or grievances please contact us at support@ukibc.com - Follow us © 2024 UK India Business Council. All Rights Reserved Disclaimer Accessibility Privacy & Cookies WordPress website by Moove Agency × Update your profile Please fill the form below, to update your personal informations. Select a sector Aerospace Agritech Automotive Chemicals Defence Digital Economy Financial and Professional Services Food and Drink Healthcare Infrastructure Legal Services Life Sciences Leisure and Tourism Music Oil and Gas Renewable Energy Security and Cyber Smart Cities Sport Trade Body or Government Agency Number of employees 1-50 51-250 251-500 501-1000 1000+ Do you want to hear about Events Market Analysis Practical Information Business Opportunities Top challenges when doing business with India (multiple choice & optional) Understanding the regulatory and operating environment Market Research Initial Set Up On the ground support Identifying a suitable partner Update × Subscribe to newsletter Stay current with our latest insights Ooops.. Something went wrong. Please try again later Thank you for signing up You will be the first to know about new releases, giveaways and special projects. Stay tuned. Subscribe All personal data herein are processed in accordance with UK data protection legislation. All feasible security measures are in place. × Get a free consultation with one of our India Advisers Please fill in the form below Submit All personal data herein are processed in accordance with UK data protection legislation. All feasible security measures are in place. You may withdraw consent at any time in the future. × Please login Reset Password Reset Password This content is available only for Registered Users This content is available only for Paid Membership Register free Register now Login with your email Remember me Lost Password Login We use cookies to enable the login functionality.By logging in you are agreeing to our privacy policy Please enter your email address Enter the email address you used when you joined and we’ll send you instructions to reset your password. request new password Thanks! To reset your password, please follow the instructions sent to your email address: youremail@domain.com You’ll receive an email shortly. Login now × This content is available only for Registered Users This content is available only for Paid Membership This content is available only for Registered Users This content is available only for Paid Membership Register free Register now Already a Registered user? Already a Paid Member? Reset Password Reset Password The content you are trying to view is only available for registered users of ukibc.com. It is free to register so sign up now for quick access to a wealth of information about doing business in India and the Indian market, including: Our India guide for UK businesses. Free resources to help you do business in India. Invitations to our events. Live Business Opportunities. Recordings of all of our webinars. All of our #AccessIndia factsheets. Case studies of UK companies already succeeding in India. Full access to our India Service Directory. Regular India email alerts relevant to you. If your company is a UK India Business Council member you’ll also get automatic access to our member only content. Register free Not registered yet? Register here to access this content. However, the content you are trying to view is only available for Members of the UK India Business Council. You can find out more about our membership packages here. If you believe your company is a paid member of the UK India Business Council and you are unable to access this information, then please make sure you are using your work email address. If you are still unable to access this information then please contact comms@ukibc.com or call +44(0) 207 592 3040 to resolve the issue. Register now This content is available only for Registered Users This content is available only for Paid Membership Register free Register now Login with your email Remember me Lost Password Login We use cookies to enable the login functionality.By logging in you are agreeing to our privacy policy Please enter your email address Enter the email address you used when you joined and we’ll send you instructions to reset your password. request new password Thanks! To reset your password, please follow the instructions sent to your email address: youremail@domain.com You’ll receive an email shortly. Login now We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Disclaimer: This is to inform the general public that UKIBC does not contact the public via unsolicited calls or emails asking for money or any other type of personal information. Read our full statement on misuse of UKIBC name. Accept Settings Change cookie settings Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Cookie Policy Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 3rd Party Cookies This website uses Google Tag Manager. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Cookie Policy More information about our Cookie Policy Enable All Save Changes