B2B Social Media Management Platform | Oktopost Upcoming Webinar: Using Data to Drive Authentic Human Narratives 😊 Register Now Product Social Publishing Easily manage your social content across multiple networks Social Analytics Measure social media's impact on revenue with powerful analytics Social Listening Discover industry trends and gain insight into customer preferences Employee Advocacy Turn your employees into brand advocates Customer Care Provide top-notch customer experiences by engaging with your audience on social channels Integrations Streamline all marketing data in one place and maximize impact of social intent signals. Solutions By Team Marketing Sales & Revenue By Industry Technology & Software Financial Services Legal Services Manufacturing How Finastra Bolstered Employee Advocacy Success with Oktopost See all Customer Stories Customers Demo Resources Podcasts Hear the latest trends taking the world of B2B marketing and revenue by storm Product Updates Get to know Oktopost's latest features and upgrades eBooks Transform your B2B strategies with the latest research and insights Case Studies See how our customers turned social media into a strategic revenue generator Blog Engage with your audienceand deliver better experiences Using Data to Drive Authentic Human Narratives Join our webinar to learn how to boost you B2B marketing strategy with value driven-content. We’ll break down how you can translate data to tell stories that resonate and foster a genuine connection with your audience. Register Now We're Hiring Sign in Social Media Management Employee Advocacy Book a Demo One single platform for social media Oktopost's B2B social media management solutions help you drive engagement, measure success, and link social media campaigns to revenue growth. Book a Demo Today Trusted by thousands of B2B marketing professionals globally Oktopost's employee advocacy solution has really impacted our entire business — from positioning our sales team as experts in their fields to driving our brand awareness. Marketing efforts form the cornerstone, but there's nothing stronger than employees amplifying your brand story. Christopher Taine Senior PR Manager View Case Study Harness the full potential of social media Use Oktopost's comprehensive B2B social media management solutions to publish, measure, and engage, all from one platform. Publish Measure Listen Engage Plan, create, and schedule your social content at scale Use Oktopost to streamline your social publishing and creative process with a robust social media calendar, easy-to-use approval workflows, and powerful AI tools for maximum impact. Learn More Analyze the impact of every post, campaign and network Access data that matters to your business with our Social BI. Build custom dashboards and track actionable metrics that span across engagement, acquisition and audience insights. Translate your social media success into meaningful business metrics to prove your ROI. Learn More Understand the conversations around your brand to fuel your brand strategy Use Oktopost's AI-powered social listening solution to track every post on social media and across the web. Cut through the noise and understand the conversations around your brand, competitors, and industry to make informed decisions that impact your brand communication strategy. Learn More Engage with customers and deliver a personalized experience, all from one place Quickly respond to every interaction with your brand. Bring every mention, comment, and direct message from your social media channels into one unified inbox. Manage people and accounts who engage with you, and connect the data with your CRM and marketing automation platform for a seamless customer experience. Learn More Employee Advocacy Amplify your brand beyond corporate channels Empower employees with industry-relevant content to position them as thought leaders and grow your brand. Use Oktopost's built-in employee advocacy solution to easily share content with your team, create fun competitions, and measure the impact on the business. Learn More Leverage social across your marketing tech stack Enhance the customer experience and maximize social media potential by seamlessly connecting Oktopost data into your CRM, marketing automation, business intelligence tools, and more. See All Integrations Social Selling Empower your sales team on social media Oktopost equips sales teams with the tools to effectively engage with customers on social media, build stronger relationships, and win more business. Learn More Book a demo with one of our experts Discover how Oktopost can help you build, execute and measure a successful B2B social media strategy. Book a Demo Product Social Publishing Social Analytics Social Listening Employee Advocacy Customer Care Integrations Security Solutions By Industry Technology & Software Financial Services Legal Services Manufacturing By Team Marketing Sales & Revenue Resources Content Library Case Studies Guides & eBooks Webinars Certifications Product Updates Help Center Developers Blog Company About Oktopost Customer Success Careers Press Contact Contact Us Book a Demo Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | GDPR