Amesite Solutions For Business Learning Community Environment℠ for compliance and training. For Higher Ed Launch your courses, programs and certificates quickly and painlessly. For Museums Launch your institution branded learning portal for your programs and exhibits with ease. Resources Stories About Us Investors Nasdaq: AMST Get a Demo Get a Demo No Setup Fee. No Monthly Minimums. Find Out More. Deliver eLearning on YOUR brand. Serve pre-built or your own programs. Affordable. Scalable. Simple. Get a Demo MICHIGAN WORKS! SE – eLearning Connector Globally competitive workforce training. Learn how we helped Michigan Works! Southeast create learning opportunities that play an integral role in upskilling employees, enabling them to train Michigan's workforce expertly. Read their story Watch the video Universities and Businesses That Need to Deliver Learning LOVE Amesite. EWIE GROUP OF COMPANIES World-class & accessible upskilling. Learn how we helped EGC deliver fully online, on-demand, and engaging learning experiences that support their global teams. Read their story Watch the video NEW! Build courses with drag-and-drop ease. Learn More Amesite is proud to be a Microsoft Partner - and launch remote upskilling courses on Microsoft Azure. As a Microsoft partner, our Learning Community Environment℠ is truly a cloud-native solution. Through the Partner Program, we can deliver to companies and universities across the country through Microsoft's connections, on Microsoft Azure. Amesite Delivers Turnkey and easy-to-use AI-powered online LCE℠ systems. Drive revenue and profitability. Generate real ROI, retain employees, increase productivity, and increase revenue. Leverage powerful AI. Artificial Intelligence technology makes enterprise learning low cost and scalable, out of the box. Solve upskilling needs with ease. Transform your entire organization effortlessly, within 24 hrs, without any support staff. Amesite Solutions For Higher Ed Generate repeatable revenue and build program recognition and prestige. For Business Generate real ROI, retain employees, and increase profitability. For Museums Generate revenue and expand your mission with global impact. Featured In Press & Resources View All View All Blogs Press Webinars Stories View All Blogs Press Webinars Stories Show More Show More Show More Show More Get In Touch 607 Shelby St Ste 700 PMB 214 Detroit, MI 48226 Our Company About Us News & Press Releases Investors Leadership Careers Contact (734) 876-8141 [email protected] Contact Form © Copyright Amesite 2024 Privacy Policy Terms of Service