Home | University of Exeter Skip to main content For students Current Students website ELE Email web access Make a payment iExeter (students) Library SID Timetable Programme and module information For staff Current staff website PS Connect SID Email web access Room Bookings Trent iExeter (staff) Finance Helpdesk IT Service Desk BART SRS Popular links Accommodation Alumni Contacts Graduation Job vacancies Sport Temporary workers Term dates Future Leaders & Innovators Graduate Scheme New and returning students New students website Returning Students Guide Wellbeing, Inclusion and Culture Wellbeing services for students Wellbeing services for staff Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Israel, Palestine, and the Middle East Search all Quick links Global links Study Study Choose Exeter Our campuses Student life Careers International students Ask a current student Undergraduate Courses Open Days Prospectus Masters Courses Online study Open Days Prospectus PhD Research topics Fees and funding How to apply Open Days Teacher training Primary PGCE Secondary PGCE Open Days Degree Apprenticeships Programmes Employers Aspiring apprentices Research Our world-leading research Our research is changing the world - making it greener, healthier and fairer. PhDs and research degrees We are committed to nurturing talent and encouraging new ideas, making Exeter a great place to pursue Postgraduate Research. Exeter Innovation Exeter Innovation is a partner for transformative innovation. We harness the world leading research and education of the University of Exeter to create real and lasting impact, by working with organisations of all types and sizes on their innovation journey. For business Global Global Exeter Global partnerships International students Study abroad International Summer School Pre-University Summer School International Alumni International News The University of British Columbia Activities between the University of British Columbia and Exeter include a joint research symposium focused on Community, Culture, Creativity, and Wellbeing held at Exeter in May 2018 and a faculty-led, co-funded initiatives in Sport, Exercise and Health Sciences, Climate Change and Digital Humanities. University of South Florida University of South Florida and Exeter have entered into a 5 year student exchange between the two Universities. They launched the University of Exeter / University of South Florida Research Catalyst Fund to provide grants to support joint research initiatives between the two institutions. Tsinghua University The University of Exeter and Tsinghua University have launched a jointly-awarded PhD degree programme in climate and environmental sciences which supports six students to be co-supervised between Tsinghua's Department of Earth System Science and Colleges at Exeter that conduct research on earth systems and environmental sciences. Read more. Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) A partnership between Exeter and HKUST will enable students embarking on Engineering or Computer Science undergraduate degrees at HKUST to finish their degree at Exeter, before spending a fifth year at Exeter's Law School, completing either an LLM (Master of Laws) or a Juris Doctor (JD). Read more. Nanyang Technological University NTU and Exeter are working in partnership to deliver six split-site Biomedical PhD studentships. If successful, you will benefit from expert supervision from researchers in both institutions and have the opportunity to research and live in two great locations, for up to eighteen months in each. University of Geneva To celebrate, and further extend, the strong relationship of staff within the University of Exeter and the University of Geneva, the two universities have launched a new seed fund to support developing research links. University of Queensland The University of Exeter and The University of Queensland have partnered to establish the QUEX Institute, a new multi-million pound partnership designed to bolster their joint global research impact. Read more. The University of British Columbia University of South Florida Tsinghua University Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Nanyang Technological University University of Geneva University of Queensland Our departments About us About the University Organisation Strategies Local community Term dates Alumni and supporters Fundraising campaign Prospective staff Contact us General enquiries Phone directory Social Media Press and media Business and partnerships Exeter Innovation Regional Engagement Executive Education Degree Apprenticeships Campuses and visitors Maps and directions Our campuses Virtual tours Arts and culture Sports facilities Events and conferences Holiday accommodation Eat and shop News View all news View all events Welcome to the University of Exeter This is where it’s all possible.Be part of a community leading the way to a greener, healthier and fairer future Find out more about studying with us in 2024 Search for a course Undergraduate Postgraduate Taught Postgraduate Research Applications are now open for courses that are delivered fully online. Find out more about studying here Undergraduate Open Days Postgraduate Open Days Request a prospectus Pioneering research to prevent and treat mental health issues in our young people One in five children and young people in the UK has a probable mental health issue, according to the Mental Health of Children and Young People 2023 survey, co-led by the University of Exeter. We face a global crisis and our research is finding new ways to combat this.Find out more Delivering Green Solutions Find out about Exeter’s leading work on positive tipping points and new Global Tipping Points Report in partnership with the Bezos Earth Fund. Find out more Top 150 in the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings1 Top 15 in The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide 2024 and the Complete University Guide 2024 92% of graduates in or due to start employment or further study fifteen months after graduation2 We're leading the world in Clean Water and amongst the very best in Europe for Climate Action and Zero Hunger3 1137th in the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings 2023, 2 based on full-time, first degree, UK domiciled graduates, HESA Graduate Outcomes Survey 2019/20, 3Times Higher Education (THE) Impact Rankings 2023 Exeter’s ‘solid gold’ standard for teaching excellence amongst best in the UK The University is amongst an elite group of Higher Education institutions to be recognised as consistently providing outstanding teaching, learning and student outcomes to secure the ‘Gold Overall’ standard in the TEF assessment. Find out more News All news "I'm a member of the Asian Society, African Caribbean Society, and Muay Thai, as well as part of the committee of BIPOC Society and the Law Society. I've had jobs on and off campus, as a barista and as a Student Ambassador; these have helped me become familiar with Exeter and make new connections in a place that feels like a home away from home." Nicole, studying LLB Law at our Streatham Campus. "Sport at Exeter has been an integral part of my university experience. It is the reason why I met the majority of my friends, and the reason why I have enjoyed my time here so much. The university support for all sports clubs means that you are given the opportunity to excel, regardless of whether you are a beginner or have been playing for 10 years." Will, studying Politics, Philosophy and Economics at our Streatham Campus. "Being older, you do wonder how much you'll grow as a person compared to younger students, but I'm completely different to who I was in first year, and that's thanks to the friends I've made, of all ages and from all backgrounds. Also, the staff, the societies, the community. I think I'm a better person for it." Zac, studying Zoology at our Penryn Campus. "I had great mentors in the department who shared resources and good practice with me. I had full freedom to experiment with activities, I built professional relationships with colleagues and students alike. I thoroughly enjoyed my placement and it was truly saddening to leave. I was so grateful to have met amazing teachers who supported me in so many different ways." Yasmin, studying PGCE Secondary Spanish at our St Luke's Campus. Connect with us 中文网 Information for: Current students New students Staff Alumni and supporters Quick links Email iExeter Library SID Contact us Job vacancies Campuses Streatham Campus Find us Contact St Luke's Campus Find us Contact Penryn Campus Find us Contact Truro Campus Find us Contact Footer links Using our site Accessibility Freedom of Information Modern Slavery Act Statement Data Protection Copyright & disclaimer Privacy & cookies Site map