Smithsonian's National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute Skip to main content Header Links Passes Join Donate Today's hours: 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. (last entry 3 p.m.) Mega menu Visit Visit Hours Entry Passes (Tickets) Parking & Directions Groups Zoo Map Safety and Park Rules FAQs About Visiting the Zoo Food & Shopping Accessibility Events Attractions Exhibits Animals A-Z Host an Event at the Zoo Animal Adventure Guide Animals Animals Animals Global Nav Links Animals A-Z SCBI Animals Exhibits Webcams Animal Care Conservation Animal News Archive Image: Elephant CamSee the Smithsonian's National Zoo's Asian elephants — Spike, Bozie, Kamala, Swarna and Maharani — both inside the Elephant Community Center and outside in their yards. Support Support Support Global Nav Links Donate Volunteer Include Us in Your Will Corporate Giving Matching Gifts Image: Give TodayNow more than ever, we need your support. Make a donation to the Smithsonian's National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute today! Membership Membership Membership Global Nav Links Become a Member Renew Your Membership Manage Account Membership FAQs Reciprocating Zoos Image: Become a MemberMembers are our strongest champions of animal conservation and wildlife research. When you become a member, you also receive exclusive benefits, like special opportunities to meet animals, discounts at Zoo stores and more. Education Education Education Global Nav Links Kids, Families, and Schools Teens Adults and College Plan a Field Trip Image: Education CalendarFind and register for free programs and webinars. Conservation Conservation Conservation Global Nav Links About SCBI Conservation and Sustainability Conservation Genomics Conservation Ecology Species Survival Field in Focus Video Series Global Health Program Great Plains Science Migratory Bird Center Related Programs Smithsonian-Mason School of Conservation Virginia Working Landscapes Image: About the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute Search Meet Our Addax Calf The Zoo is celebrating the arrival of a baby addax—a critically endangered species of antelope. The one-month-old calf recently made her public debut alongside her parents on the Africa Trail! Read More Hours Entry Passes Parking & Directions Animal Exhibits Zoo Map FAQs Introducing Toph and Suki The Zoo is excited to announce the names of the newest residents of the Small Mammal House! After more than 5,400 votes were cast in an online public poll, the winning pair of names has been revealed: Toph and Suki, named after characters from the television show 'Avatar: The Last Airbender'. Learn More LATEST NEWS February 28, 2024 Focus on the Future: James Mouton For ornithologist James Mouton, his "clear-cut" scientific career took a detour when he chose to join the military. But his non-traditional path shows there's more than one way to conserve... February 21, 2024 Restoring Scimitar-horned Oryx Twenty-three years after being declared “extinct in the wild”, the scimitar-horned oryx has made a remarkable comeback. Smithsonian research ecologist Katherine Mertes shares how oryx reached the turning point, and... February 18, 2024 Meet Our Ruddy Quail Dove Squab Our Bird House team is celebrating the arrival of a ruddy quail dove squab—the first of its species to hatch at the Zoo! February 13, 2024 Zoo Vets Solve Cardiac Conundrum One tamandua at the Zoo has a new piece of tech helping him to stay healthy, after what is believed to be a first in veterinary medicine. February 09, 2024 A Beaver Love Story When it comes to love, leave it to the beavers! Get the story of Aspen and Juniper’s rocky romance from American Trail keeper Jackie Spicer. February 05, 2024 Help Name Cotton-Top Tamarins Starting Feb. 5, the public will have an opportunity to vote on names for two cotton-top tamarin sisters. January 31, 2024 White-Naped Crane "Walnut" Dies NZCBI staff in Front Royal, Virginia, are mourning the loss of Walnut, a white-naped crane who became an internet sensation for choosing one of her keepers as her mate. January 30, 2024 Solving a Cheetah Cub Mystery When Echo's five cubs were born last fall, their exact parentage was a mystery. A genetic analysis conducted by Smithsonian scientists revealed the truth. More News Live Streaming Webcams See cheetahs, elephants, lions and naked mole-rats on animal cams streaming live, 24/7 from the Smithsonian's National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute. Webcams Menu Elephant Cam Lion Cam Cheetah Cam Naked Mole-rat Cam Image: Conservation Our scientists and researchers play a leading role in the Smithsonian’s global efforts to save wildlife species from extinction and train future generations of conservationists. Read More Contact Us − +Guest Services: 202-633-2614General Contact FormAddressSmithsonian's National Zoo & Conservation Biology Institute 3001 Connecticut Ave., NW Washington, DC 20008 About the Zoo − + General Info History Strategic Plan Board Staff Careers − + Jobs Internships Volunteer News & Media − + Newsroom Press Releases Filming Requests Neighborhood News Footer Donate − + Donate Shop − + Shop Follow us on social media facebook twitter instagram YouTube Sign Up for Emails Email Sign up! Footer - SI logo, privacy, terms Smithsonian Privacy Terms of Use