Carolina Biological Supply We use cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using our site, you accept our use of cookies. You can review our cookie and privacy policy here. Login or Register Customer Service 800.334.5551· Redeem Voucher My Account Login or register now to maximize your savings and access profile information, order history, tracking, shopping lists, and more. Login Create an Account Service & Support Contact Us Our Customer Service team is available from 8am to 6:00pm, ET, Monday through Friday. Live chat is available from 8am to 5:30pm ET, Monday-Friday. Call: 800.334.5551 Fax: 800.222.7112 Email: Email Customer Service Chat: Live Chat More Service & Support International Sales & Service We serve educators in more than 170 countries worldwide. Create a quote request on our website or contact our International Sales Team. International Ordering Information ShoppingLists Login or register now to maximize your savings and access profile information, order history, tracking, shopping lists, and more. Login Create an Account QuickOrder My Cart 0 My Cart Your Shopping Cart is currently empty. Use Quick Order or Search to quickly add items to your order! MENU ProductsShop by Category New Products New Products View our newest products for your classroom and lab. View all New Products Top Categories New - Physical & Earth Sciences Browse the latest tools and resources for physical and earth sciences at Carolina. Carolina Biological Supply has everything you need to complete your classroom environmental science experiments. New - Life Science Browse the latest tools and resources for life sciences at Carolina. Carolina Biological Supply has everything you need to complete your classroom life science activities and experiments. New - Lab Supplies & Equipment Browse the latest lab supplies and equipment for all your science lab essentials. Shop Carolina's variety of lab equipment including microscopes, glassware, dissection supplies, lab furniture and more. Biotechnology Biotechnology For a quarter century, Carolina Biological Supply has been committed to bringing biotechnology into the classroom. New - Biotechnology Biotech Kits Biotech Equipment & Labware Materials & Reagents DNA Extraction Electrophoresis Models, Simulations & Resources PCR Gene Expression & Advanced Topics Transformation & DNA Transfer View all Biotechnology Top Categories Biotech Kits Explore our extensive selection of biotechnology kits covering advanced topics such as electrophoresis, gene expression and more. Electrophoresis Carolina makes DNA gel electrophoresis easy when studying forensics or genetics. There's a simple set up with consistent results. Biotech Equipment & Labware Outift your Biotechnology lab with Carolina Quality. A wide product selection—from gel chambers to power supplies, centrifuges and pipets. Building Blocks of Science Building Blocks of Science Building Blocks of Science Elementary Curriculum offers kits that are affordable and easy to implement in your classroom. BBS Kits, Grades K-2 BBS Kits, Grades 3-5 BBS Literacy Series BBS Components View all Building Blocks of Science Top Categories BBS Kits, Grades K-2 Buliding Blocks of Science Kits for Grades K-2 are resuable! Just reorder the fresh supplies you need and reuse the rest. BBS Kits, Grades 3-5 Buiilding Blocks of Science Kits for grades 3-5 meet the Next Generation Science, Common Core Literacy and Math Standards Chemistry Chemistry We offer top-notch chemistry supplies and AP® Chemistry products, backed by our expert technical support. New - Chemistry 3-D Chemistry Kits AP Chemistry Kits Atomic Structure & the Periodic Table Biochemistry, Organic Chemistry & Polymers Chemical Kinetics and Equilibirum Chemical Reactions Chemicals Chemistry Demonstration Kits Chemistry Properties of Matter Chemistry Supplies Elements, Compounds, & Mixtures Chemistry Lab Kits Inquiries in Science Chemistry Molecular Models pH Testing Spectrophotometers Chemistry Classroom Resources View all Chemistry Top Categories Chemicals Choose from over 850 chemical products in chemical grades, sizes and concentrations to meet your needs. AP Chemistry Kits Carolina offers the highest quality kits for a hands-on approach within AP Chemistry classrooms. We provide products designed for the new and old curriculum. pH Testing pH testing made easy with all the supplies you need for your biology and chemistry classrooms or laboratory practices. Distance Learning Kits Distance Learning Kits Enhance the science experience with Carolina's lab kits designed specifically for college-level distance education. View all Distance Learning Kits eLearning Resources eLearning Resources Carolina Science Online®, our new eLearning platform, brings your classroom to life with resources for all ages. New - eLearning Resources Elementary eLearning Resources Middle School eLearning Resources High School eLearning Resources College eLearning Resources View all eLearning Resources Top Categories Elementary eLearning Resources Interactive, engaging and elementary age appropriate. Quality digital science resources and outstanding support for STEM concpets. Middle School eLearning Resources Stale lesson plans? Try a fresh approach with these interactive and engaging lessons. Make difficult concepts easy to learn! High School eLearning Resources Stimulating digital resorces for the high school classroom. eBooks and acitivities that will help students remember what they are learning! Lab Supplies & Equipment Lab Supplies & Equipment Carolina is proud to offer one of the most extensive lines of lab supplies and equipment in the industry. Glass & Plasticware Lab Equipment Measuring Equipment Lab Safety Carolina Brand Equipment Dissection Supplies Sensors & Accessories Lab Supplies Biotech Equipment & Labware Lab Furniture New - Lab Supplies & Equipment Microscope Slide Preparation View all Lab Supplies & Equipment Top Categories Glass & Plasticware Quality selection of science lab glassware designed to address accuracy and safety. Affordable price with superior performance. Dissection Supplies We offer a full range of dissecting equipment to fit all your lab needs. There are sets available for all skill levels or can be customized. Lab Equipment Carolina is your quality source for a well-equipped lab. Take time to view our high quality science lab equipment that has proven durability to handle any lab activity. Life Science Life Science Carolina covers the world of life science with everything from slides and kits to Agricultural and Vet Science. New - Life Science AP Biology Anatomical Models & Skeletons Anatomy & Physiology Biology Kits 3-D Life Science Kits CTE Environmental Science Genetics Live Biology Microbiology Microscope Slides View all Life Science Top Categories AP Biology We have kits for new and traditional AP Biology labs. Choose from our kits, follow a college board lab, or design your own with our wide variety of equipment and supplies. Health Science Prepare your students for medical and lab tech careers with Carolina's wide range of equipment, kits and models. Genetics Carolina offers a variety of resources and products to help your students delve into the emerging area of Genetics. Living Organisms Living Organisms For over 80 years, Carolina has been providing the highest-quality living organisms and cultures available. New - Living Organisms Animals Aquaria & Habitats Biological Media & Supplies Fungi Insects K-8 Curriculum & FOSS Living Shipments & Vouchers Plants Prokaryotes Protists Wisconsin Fast Plants View all Living Organisms Top Categories Butterflies Our butterflies can be purchased at every stage to help demonstrate their beautiful life cycle to students. Biological Media & Supplies Vast selection of ready to use biological media to meet diverse needs. In stock and ready to ship! Plants Carolina plants are a great tool for teaching cell respiration and photosynthesis. Selection includes aquatic and classroom plants. Microscopes & Optics Microscopes & Optics Carolina's extensive assortment of compound and stereomicroscopes span virtually all grade levels and applications. New - Microscopes & Optics Binoculars & Telescopes Compound Microscopes Digital Cameras Digital Microscopes Field Microscopes Instructional Equipment & Devices Magnifiers Microscope Accessories Microscope Slides Stereomicroscopes View all Microscopes & Optics Top Categories Compound Microscopes Popular corded compound microscopes and cordless microscopes for elementary to advanced use. We have the compound microscope you are looking for! Digital Microscopes Digital microscopes are great for large classroom computer combined instruction. Students can take images, videos, and more. Stereomicroscopes Stereomicroscopes show 3D images vs. flat images and are easier to focus and use. They are great for first tme student use. Physical & Earth Sciences Physical & Earth Sciences Get your students inspired with high school physical science kits, robotics, Carolina ChemKits, and much more. New - Physical & Earth Sciences 3-D Physics Kits Alternative Energy Earth & Space Science Electricity Force, Energy & Motion Heat & Thermodynamics Introduction to Science & Measurement Light & Sound Waves Magnetism Mechanics Physical Science Instruments & Equipment Physical Science Kits Physics Kits Properties of Matter Robotics Rocketry & Flight Physical Science Classroom Resources View all Physical & Earth Sciences Top Categories Earth & Space Science Teach long term earth changes in real time and study the atmosphere, weather and climate and their impact on sustaining life. Mechanics One stop for all your classical mechanics science and energy education needs. Exciting activities that make science active and fun! Force, Energy & Motion One stop for all your classical mechanics science and energy education needs. Exciting activities that make science active and fun! Preserved Organisms Preserved Organisms Carolina has the best specimens available, along with dissecting supplies, instruments, and much more. New - Preserved Organisms Carolina's Perfect Solution® Animals (Mammals) Animals (Non-Mammals) Biological Displays Dissection Kits Dissection Supplies Insect Mounting Supplies Owl Pellets Preserved Botany Preserved Classroom Resources View all Preserved Organisms Top Categories Carolina's Perfect Solution® Carolina's Perfect Solution specimens are a safe, non-toxic alternative to Formalin. Carolina's innovative, proprietary tissue fixative produces superior specimens with life-like tissue texture and color. Owl Pellets Carolina provides owl pellet products that are heat sterilized and easy to use for students of all ages. Excellent for hands-on, inquiry-based learning. Animals (Non-Mammals) For over 80 years, Carolina has provided superior non-mammal specimens that engage students in hands-on dissecting experiments. Science At Home Science At Home Land of the Living At Home Dissection Under the Microscope Hands On Learning Easy to Use Equipment Cool Stuff Extra Help at Home View all Science At Home Top Categories Land of the Living At Home Dissection Cool Stuff Smithsonian's Science Programs Smithsonian's Science Programs K–8 inquiry-based, hands-on science curriculum that paves the way to deep understanding of phenomena through 3-dimensional learning. STC Elementary Curriculum STCMS Curriculum STC Previous Editions Smithsonian Science for the Classroom SSFTC Components View all Smithsonian's Science Programs Top Categories STC Elementary Curriculum Moving to NGSS? Begin with STC-Kindergarten™, written explicitly for these standards. STC for Grades 1–5 integrates the three dimensions of NGSS and engineering design using real-world applications. STCMS Curriculum ALL NEW for Middle School from the Smithsonian! Teaching NGSS is more than checking off standards. STCMS™ immerses students in 3-dimensional learning rooted in phenomena and engineering design. STC Previous Editions Thank you for your continued use of the STC Program. Here you will find previous editions materials for 2nd Edition STCElementary, STC Secondary, and STC/MS. ResourcesActivities, Care, (M)SDS, and More Lab Safety Information Lab Safety Information Keep your classroom or lab safe throughout the schoolyear with lots of helpful tips, hints, and safety techniques. View all Lab Safety Information Most Popular Student Biology Laboratory Safety Agreement Owl Pellets in the Classroom: Safety Guidelines Safety, Storage, and Disposal of Preserved Specimens Free 3D Learning Activities Free 3D Learning Activities View all Free 3D Learning Activities Most Popular Photosynthesis Invertebrate Biodiversity and Abiotic Factors Which Leaf Shape Can Hold the Most Butterfly Eggs? Living Organism Care Living Organism Care Caring for your living organisms is critical to your success in the classroom. Find Care Sheets for our organisms and get prepared before your shipment arrives. View all Living Organism Care Most Popular How to Care for Painted Lady Butterfly Cultures Freshwater Fish Care Sheet Complete care instructions and tips for freshwater fish Daphnia Mini Ecosystem (M)SDS (M)SDS A comprehensive list of all (M)SDS available for Carolina's products. We recommend using the Search box at the top of the website to locate an (M)SDS even faster. View all (M)SDS Dissection Guides Dissection Guides Browse our dissection guides for product recommendations, resources and how-to information for your next classroom dissection. View all Dissection Guides Workshop Materials Workshop Materials Get help teaching complex techniques, setting up products, and gain critical knowledge before your class. View all Workshop Materials My Account Service & Support Shopping Lists Quick Order Help Our Company Shop By Department Biotechnology Chemistry Lab Supplies Life Science Living Organisms Microscopes Physical & Earth Preserved Organisms New Products See what's new for your classroom or lab. Shop All New CRISPR in a Box™ CasPeR The CPR Dog Coriolis Effect and Atmospheric Collection Knowledge, Resources & Inspiration Product Buying Guides Living Material Care Guides Lab Safety Information Subject Instruction Guides Classroom Engagement Living Materials Perfect Solution® Shop Cultures Purchasing & Contracts All of the saving without the bidding. Start enjoying the benefits today. Learn More Service & Support Have questions or need help? Contact our Customer Service team! Learn More Quotes Receive a quick quote for your order or institution today! Learn More Browse Top Categories Living Organisms For over 80 years, Carolina has been providing the highest-quality living organisms and cultures available. New Products - Living Organisms Animals Aquaria & Habitats View All » Preserved Specimens and Organisms Carolina has the best specimens available, along with dissecting supplies, instruments, and much more. New Products - Preserved Specimens, Organisms, & Supplies Carolina's Perfect Solution® Preserved Animals (Mammals) View All » Lab Supplies & Equipment Carolina is proud to offer one of the most extensive lines of lab supplies and equipment in the industry. Lab Glass & Plasticware Lab Equipment Measuring Equipment View All » STEM Education Curriculum Programs for K–8 Carolina's STEM program K–8 inquiry curriculums are developed to meet national science standards. Smithsonian's STC Elementary Curriculum STC Previous Editions Building Blocks of Science Elementary Curriculum View All » eLearning Resources Carolina Science Online®, our new eLearning platform, brings your classroom to life with resources for all ages. New Products - eLearning Elementary eLearning Resources Middle School eLearning Resources View All » Chemistry Supplies We offer top-notch chemistry supplies and AP® Chemistry products, backed by our expert technical support. New Products - Chemistry 3-D Chemistry Kits AP Chemistry Kits View All » Biotechnology For a quarter century, Carolina Biological Supply has been committed to bringing biotechnology into the classroom. New Products - Biotechnology Biotechnology Kits Biotechnology Equipment & Labware View All » Life Science Carolina covers the world of life science with everything from slides and kits to Agricultural and Vet Science. New Products - Life Science AP Biology Anatomical Models & Skeletons View All » Microscopes & Optics Carolina's extensive assortment of compound and stereomicroscopes span virtually all grade levels and applications. New Products - Microscopes & Optics Binoculars & Telescopes Compound Microscopes View All » Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe Products Biotechnology Chemistry Lab Supplies & Equipment Life Science Living Organisms Microscopes Physical & Earth Preserved Organisms Sale Resources Lab Safety Product Support Living Organism Care (M)SDS Workshop Materials Dissection Guides Knowledge Center Help Customer Support Returns Shipping Business Accounts International eProcurement Help Center Our Company About Our Facilities Media Room Careers Terms Privacy Affiliate © 2023 Carolina Biological Supply Company 2700 York Road, Burlington, NC 27215-3398 • 800.334.5551 back to top Loading...