Home | Mercatus Center Skip to main content Student Fellowships Research Economic Policy Insights Initiatives Donate Student Fellowships Student Fellowships Research Research Economic Policy Insights Economic Policy Insights Initiatives Initiatives Donate Donate More from Mercatus Academic & Student Programs Academic & Student Programs Podcasts Podcasts About Mercatus About Mercatus Scholars Scholars Leadership Leadership Job Openings Job Openings Announcements Announcements Events Events Contact Us Contact Us Donate Today Search Close We bridge the gap The Mercatus Center is a research center at George Mason University that advances knowledge about how markets solve problems and help us lead happier, healthier, and richer lives. For more than 40 years, Mercatus has supported leading talent and scholarship in the mainline economics tradition, applying rigorous research to real-world concerns. Through our continuing efforts to bridge the gap between theory and practice, we strive to realize a world where markets operate at their full potential to increase abundance, civility, and well-being. Read the latest research We train tomorrow's academic leaders In 1980, when Mercatus got its start in supporting graduate study of economics, its initial group consisted of just three students. Today, Mercatus is the largest supporter of graduate students at Mason and offers fellowships at all levels of study, both for students at Mason and other colleges and universities around the world. Many of our alumni go on to pursue influential careers in academia, government, and policymaking. Explore our programs Featured Alumni We bring insights to decision-makers Taking full advantage of markets to solve problems requires far more than publishing papers. Unlike traditional academia, which often views public engagement as a distraction, Mercatus scholars put as much care into effective communication and outreach as they do in the research itself. In 2022, our scholars conducted more than 600 briefings with policymakers and were featured 30,000 times in media outlets at the local, state, and national level. Explore our policy insights We cultivate a vibrant intellectual community No market is more essential than the one for ideas. Human ingenuity is the ultimate resource, lifting societies from want into abundance. Our initiatives aim to cultivate the talent, culture, and institutional effectiveness needed to support a thriving marketplace of ideas. See our initiatives Featured Initiatives Emergent Ventures A low-overhead fellowship and grant program that supports entrepreneurs and brilliant minds with highly scalable, “zero to one” ideas for meaningfully improving society. Learn more about Emergent Ventures Program on Pluralism and Civil Exchange Build a robust and diverse community of thinkers, writers, scholars, and do-ers working in the broad liberal tradition. Learn more about the program Discourse An online journal of politics, economics, and culture dedicated to the idea that good thinking and good ideas arise amid the interplay of different viewpoints and perspectives. Visit Discourse Stay current with economic insights from Mercatus First Name Last Name Email Address The submit button will be disabled until you complete the CAPTCHA. Subscribe Help bridge the gap with usDonate TodayToll-free: (800) 815-5711Local: (703) 993-4930Fax: (703) 993-4935Media: (703) 993-4881 What We Do Research Applied Economic Insights Fellowships Who We Are Scholars Leadership About Mercatus Job Openings Events Initiatives Discourse Magazine Emergent Ventures Marginal Revolution University The 1991 Project Program on Pluralism and Civil Exchange QuantGov Podcasts Virtual Sentiments Conversations with Tyler Macro Musings Ideas of India Hayek Program Podcast © Copyright 2024 Mercatus Center