University of Dundee, UK, Scotland, United Kingdom Skip to main content Skip to main navigation University of Dundee University of Dundee logo Search Menu Close close Study Subjects Undergraduate Postgraduate Short courses Distance learning courses Open days Scholarships Country information Campus What's on Student life Accommodation Locations Campus map Virtual tours Research Research overview REF2021 Postgraduate research Research centres and units Industry Projects About About the University of Dundee Rankings People Work for us Equality, Diversity, and Inclusion Academic schools Professional Services Policies and procedures Support IT support Guides Student support services International student support Contact us Contact us Chat to us Applicants Students Staff Alumni Parents Search Search Open days Chat to us Accommodation Scholarships Subjects Browse our subject list and find out more about our undergraduate and postgraduate courses Subjects Undergraduate An amazing student experience coupled with high quality teaching Undergraduate courses Postgraduate Gain a competitive edge. Develop and extend your skills Postgraduate courses National Student Money Week 4 - 8 March 2024 A week-long event of money-related advice and support for students. National Student Money Week Virtual tour of our campus Explore our campus using our virtual tour Entrepreneurship The Centre for Entrepreneurship helps students and staff develop their enterprise skills and supports new business ventures. Centre for Entrepreneurship Working with industry Our expertise and facilities helps commercial ideas can go even further. Our work with industry Research We're transforming lives through research. Our research From arrival to graduation: your student journey Gallery Thumbnail - Dundee is easily accessible by road, rail, and air. There's also a great cycle network once you arrive in the city. Train crossing bridge over River Tay against bright blue sky Gallery Thumbnail - All of our accommodation is self-catering with single bedrooms. Each room has a private en-suite shower and toilet. girl sitting on bed in student bedroom, playing guitar Gallery Thumbnail - When you explore the city centre, you'll find that as well as the typical chain stores and restaurants we have amazing independent and local retailers - including some fantastic bakeries! rows of cakes on shelves in bakery window Gallery Thumbnail - Students in a bar in Dundee Gallery Thumbnail - Dundee is blessed with plenty of parks where you can make the most of the changing seasons. Magdalen Green is one of our favourites and very close to campus. A bike leaning against a tree overlooking the bandstand at Magdalen Green Gallery Thumbnail - Visit the waterfront with the V&A museum, an urban beach, 22 tonne whale sculpture, and water fountains. Nearby is Slessor Gardens which hosts a number of events each year and is regularly transformed into a venue for bands and artists. Steel sculpture of whale with fountains and plants in the foreground. Gallery Thumbnail - The main library is open until 02:30 during term time and 24 hours a day during exam time, so you'll be able to take advantage of its facilities whenever works best for you. With separate areas for individual and group work you'll be able to focus on what you need. Students walking through library with stacks of books to the left and desks to the right. Gallery Thumbnail - Many courses will have regular lectures so you'll probably find yourself spending several hours in the lecture theatre each week. Students sitting in lecture working on laptops. Gallery Thumbnail - You'll benefit from specialist teaching facilities for our courses, including well-equipped labs. student pouring liquid into container, in a lab environment Gallery Thumbnail - Re-energise yourself with a break in nature - when you've finished exploring Dundee, the rest of Scotland and its coastlines, glens, and mountains are all within easy reach. View of Riverside nature reserve with two highland cows Gallery Thumbnail - You'll find plenty of opportunities to get involved with sport since we have over 40 sports union clubs to choose from. Our clubs are inclusive and support everyone from total beginner to seasoned veteran. young men playing hockey on astroturf pitch Gallery Thumbnail - Graduation is the culmination of your hard work and time for a well-deserved celebration with family and friends. We do all we can to improve your employability and are one of the Top 200 Universities in the World for Graduate Employment Rate, so you'll be at an advantage when it comes to securing a job. group of students in graduation robes in front of building with pillars Latest stories View Student represents Scotland’s beach lifeguards in 200 year RNLI ceremony Press release Student represents Scotland’s beach lifeguards in 200 year RNLI ceremony A University of Dundee student has taken a leading role in an RNLI parade to mark 200 years of the charity and remember those who have died in service. Published on 5 March 2024 View Dundee’s two universities battle for Varsity cup Press release Dundee’s two universities battle for Varsity cup Sports teams from Dundee’s two universities will go head-to-head in a series of matches and challenges as they battle to take home the Varsity cup. Published on 5 March 2024 View New study has potential to transform cancer care for expectant mothers Press release New study has potential to transform cancer care for expectant mothers A new study that provides the UK’s first comprehensive assessment of cancer during pregnancy can lead to improved treatment, outcomes and experiences of patients and their families, say experts Published on 4 March 2024 View more stories Right arrow Equality diversity, and inclusion The University of Dundee is committed to strongly supporting all in our community, to ensuring an inclusive learning and working environment, and to a fair and more equitable society for all. We have a zero-tolerance approach to discrimination, harassment and bullying. View equality and diversity information Search Search Events Jobs Stories 中文网站 Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram University of Dundee Nethergate Dundee DD1 4HN Scotland, UK Contact Accessibility Modern slavery statement Privacy Cookie preferences Top Scottish Registered Charity, No. SC015096. © University of Dundee