Design Contests - Inspiring Unique Designs | DesignContest ® Design Contest Categories Corporate identity Logo Design Business Cards Business Stationery Letterhead Design Logo and Business Card Product Design Packaging Design Label Design Ticket Design Book Cover Magazine Cover CD Cover Design Other Product Web Design Website Design Mobile Website Theme Design Landing Page Fans Page Design Advertising Materials Poster Design Flyer Design Billboard Design Car Wrap Design Banner Design Trade Show Swag Illustrations and Contextual Design Icon Design Illustration Character Design Infographic Powerpoint Graphic Design Clothing and Apparel Design T-Shirt Design Team Clothing Other Clothing Application Design Mobile App Design Application Icon Desktop Software arrow Corporate identity Logo Design Business Cards Business Stationery Letterhead Design Logo and Business Card Advertising Materials Poster Design Flyer Design Billboard Design Car Wrap Design Banner Design Trade Show Swag Web Design Website Design Mobile Website Theme Design Landing Page Fans Page Design Clothing & Apparel Design T-Shirt Design Team Clothing Other Clothing Illustrations & Contextual Design Icon Design Illustration Character Design Infographic Powerpoint Graphic Design Application Design Mobile App Design Application Icon Desktop Software Product Design Packaging Design Label Design Ticket Design Book Cover Magazine Cover CD Cover Design Other Product Close details How it Works Contests Hire a Designer Log in Register Start a Contest Log in Get started Get the perfect custom design Choose from dozens of unique designs created just for you Start a contest Watch how it works Design categories Logo design Website design T-Shirt design Label design see all design categories Customer feedback Progressive School for Dogs Definitely a great process we would do again and would highly recommend! The DesignContest platform and process were great to use and really facilitated us to get such a great product. Thank you! And many sincere thanks to all the incredibly talented designers who submitted some truly beautiful designs! We received far more submissions than we expected and we were so grateful to have so many beautiful options. 82 designers 266 entries $615 budget Jayde It was a really great experience! Initially I did not think I would find what I was looking for, but after waiting until my full 7 days was up, I was pleasantly surprised at the number of entries and the quality of some of the designer's work. I would definitely recommend DesignContext and use it again. 126 designers 293 entries $374 budget Denton Design Contest is a great service! I was referred to it by a friend and am very pleased. The designer I worked with was prompt, professional, and very patient with the many different adjustments we made to the design. I would recommend Design Contest again and will surely use it again myself. 6 designers 21 entries $300 budget The Bin Boss Fantastic experience We had never heard of DesignContest before. We had a fantastic experience. I have told a handful of people about this service. We will definitely use it again. 6 designers 21 entries $300 budget Rick Dorman I would recommend this to anyone! This service was suggested to me by a colleague and it worked great. The ease of working with the designers on making changes or suggestions was good. I would recommend this to anyone that is looking to have a logo created for their business. I definitely would use it again in the future. 98 designers 319 entries $275 budget Get started Why Choose DesignContest? Freelancer Design Agency Design Contest Variety of designs Pre-qualified designers No clipart allowed Guaranteed delivery Transfer of copyright Price Privacy Collaboration tools Money Back Guarantee Two ways to get a design Create your own contest Simply start a contest, pick your prize amount, and relax while dozens of design options are created by talented designers. Start your contest Hire our best designers directly Start a One-on-One project with one of our 230,000+ qualified designers Find your designer Great, collaborative experience. We will definitely use DesignContest again if we need further graphic design. Eugenia Simon, Austin, USA So many good designs. I'll use this service every time I need work done. Jeff Nelson, Philadelphia, USA This was a really good approach to getting a logo designed for my company. I received lots of entries. Robert Finley, Philadelphia, USA I am extremely happy with my designs! I will use this service again! Linda Govard, New York, USA This is my second contest here and again I have really enjoyed discovering committed designers. Tanya Starson, Kingston, Canada Key Benefits More contest entries With over 160,000 designers at DC, you receive more design entries than with any other platform. Pre-qualified designers All the designers on our platform undergo qualification testing. Privacy option Your contest is protected by the NDA, and hidden from search engines. 100% money back guarantee You can request your money back at any stage of contest. This covers all the fees. 1-on-1 projects Continue working with your favorite designer on your future projects or other design related tasks. Enhanced voting feature Get early feedback on your favorite design from your target audience, colleagues and friends. How it works Fill out a brief Tell the designers about your project. Set the budget Choose a price package or set your own price. Receive designs Watch your designs come to life, comment and rate. You have a winner! Pick the winner and get copyrights transferred to you How it works Set up your brief Tell us about your brand, what you need designed, and your design preferences. 1 Classic Geometric Modern Organic Abstract Literal Review & provide feedback Allow our designers to present you with quality design concepts, then review your top choices. 2 Pick a winning design! This may be a tough decision, but select the winning design(s) and acquire your dream design! 3 Get started Try a demo Hire our best designers directly 316,992 Qualified designers to start One-on-One project with Learn more The numbers say it all 15,268 contests 316,992 professional designers Design Contest 4.8/5 10271 satisfaction rate 4,562,813 creative designs 👋 Need more help? We are here to help you set up your design contest or to hire a designer 1 on 1. 💬 Request Free Consultation Prices Blog Forum Knowledgebase About us Contact us Testimonials Designers Join us Terms of services Privacy policy Refund policy Sign up for secrets, news and specials Newsletter Sign up © 2003 — 2024 DesignContest LLC Design contest logo