Campaign Monitor: Email Marketing Platform & Services Marketers Rate Campaign Monitor by Marigold Best Email Marketing Platform: Learn more > Sign up for free Skip to content Features Features Overview Email Template Builder Segmentation Personalization Marketing Automation Transactional Email Analytics AI Integrations Signup Forms SMS Expert Services What's New Pricing Resources Customers Gallery Agencies Support Sales Try it free Log in Contact us ASK US YOUR QUESTIONS Request a live demo Contact the sales team Contact the support team Drive results with unforgettable email marketing. Connecting with your audience has never been easier with Campaign Monitor’s straightforward email marketing and automation tools. Sign up for free Learn more Powering email marketing for businesses around the world. Drag and drop your way to a beautiful email. Ease of use Customize any template or design to showcase your brand using the simply powerful drag-and-drop email builder—no coding required. Complete Customization Display your brand at its best with precise adjustments to every aspect of your campaign in the email builder. Mobile Optimization Every template is responsive to mobile devices so you can send knowing your campaigns look great everywhere. Template management for teams Allow your email designer to lock sections of the template so that your team only updates what you want them to — ensuring your brand style and business critical information all stay intact. Eager to see it in action? Take a look. Get a demo Introducing AI Writer AI Writer, our new artificial intelligence tool, helps marketers do their jobs faster by banishing writer’s block and increasing the amount of email campaigns being sent to subscribers. Explore AI Get started with one of our free templates. Start your email with one of our professionally-designed templates to launch targeted campaigns like marketing offers, product announcements, newsletters, or event promotions. Build an email "Campaign Monitor helped us easily create beautiful emails that turned our Bombshell wetsuit into a global phenomenon.” James Taylor, Global Creative Director See Rip Curl's success SMS is here! A new way to connect. A new way to convert. Combining SMS and email marketing is the perfect way to build a stronger connection with your audience and maximize ROI. We make it easy to get started. Learn More Automate email journeys for perfectly timed sends. Most marketers think automation is intimidating. But creating customer journeys has never been more approachable than with the visual journey designer. Explore automation “Campaign Monitor helped transform us from a small idea to a real company thanks to their user-friendly tools — I honestly could not recommend them enough.” Ellen Hyslop, Co-Founder of The GIST See The GIST's success Get started with Campaign Monitor today With our powerful yet easy-to-use tools, it's never been easier to make an impact with email marketing. Sign up for free Product Features Pricing Integrations API Email Templates Email Marketing Agencies Retail Nonprofit Entertainment Publishing Technology Travel Community Get Started Customers Resources Blog Email Academy Support Company About us Leadership Trust Center Careers In the news Sitemap Modern Slavery Statement LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Terms & Policies Do not sell my personal information © 2024 All Rights Reserved Campaign Monitor by Marigold: where relationships take root.