Austin Web Design by Lucid Crew since 1999 Skip to content Menu Menu SEO Web Design Social Media Services About Contact Kick Awesome Websites That Deliver Real Results More Leads. More Visibility. More Sales. More Wows. View Services Contact Us If You Want Everything, We Can Do That. Our websites give businesses everything they need to grow, from effective search engine optimization to killer copywriting and identity design. Many web design firms just handle the design end, leaving you on your own to find these other services. With us, everything you need to succeed is right here. In fact, if your business is not ready to grow – we may not be the right fit for you. Our services are designed for businesses that are already established and are ready to be pushed to the next level faster. Killer Austin Website Design + Digital Marketing Having a professional business website has its advantages. It can answer all of your customers’ most frequently asked questions and help you put your best face forward for potential customers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Partner with Lucid Crew to ensure your site is designed, published, maintained, and updated whenever you have updates. No need to learn how to code or design. Who is Lucid Crew? We’re a group of Austin SEO consultants, web designers, developers, jiu-jitsu masters, programmers, internet marketers, rockettes, and assorted other techno-creative types who create exceptional websites for our clients. Organic Search Did you know that 94 percent of your customers click on the first page of Google’s search results? They also decide which link to click within seconds of scanning the results page – and less than 10% click on an ad. Lucid Crew’s digital marketing services are a superb way to get your site in front of tens of thousands of potential customers. Learn More about SEO Satisfied Clients Lucid Crew is proud to have worked with these fine companies, and many others, to improve their online presence. Your Austin TX Web Design & SEO Heroes As one of the premiere Austin Texas web design firms, we design cutting edge websites using some of the most advanced technological innovations available. Our project manager will assist your business through the web design process from concept development to site launch. We offer a full range of services, including web development, web design, and online marketing. Your website may include e-commerce, a content management system, responsive design for mobile site accessibility and much more. Web Development We love web design that convert. This is where your vision is turned into a functional design that your customers will love and appreciate. Content Marketing We kickstart your content strategy by conducting SEO keyword research. Then our team of industry experts create content for your brand. Link Building Improve rankings and drive traffic. You’ll need a strategy for acquiring relevant links, which is easier said than done. This is our forte. Sales Funnels If you build it, they don’t just come. We help with consitent strategies to increase traffic and then turning those visitors in leads. People judge a book by its cover. So, your website is your best sales agent. With more than 1.2 billion websites on the Internet today, you really need to stand out. Lucid Crew backs your business with talented creative web designers who develop your top-notch online presence and keep it running smoothly. View Details TESTIMONIALS We keep our client list confidential, but here are some selected recommendations from LinkedIn. Warren and his Lucid Crew create outstanding, search engine friendly websites. I don’t know of any internet marketer than can create such great looking sites that both convert visitors to customers and are optimized for SEO. – Bolton A. I cannot recommend Lucid Crew highly enough! From start to finish their attention to details and commitment to providing impeccable services has superseded my expectations. If you are looking for a creative, innovative and highly professional web design firm, look no further, Lucid Crew is the best! – Carrie C. If you have struggled with finding someone that will be able to get your web design to the specs you are desiring then look no further because Warren and his team at Lucid Crew are awesome! They know how to get that perfect design for your company and then top it off with the SEO necessary to be successful online! – Richard G. Definitely Recommend! I hired Lucid Crew to perform SEO on a website… Our Google Rankings improved almost immediately until we were on Page One. And we have a website that converts like crazy now. – Dustin S More Reviews Latest Posts Google Local Services Ads for Lawyers LSAs for Lawyers – What You Need to Know Google Local Services Ads (LSAs) provide an ideal paid solution to attract new clients and position… Does This Sound Like Your Web Designer? Your Web Designers’ Misinformation on SEO I’ve said it before elsewhere; not sure if I’ve said it here yet, though. So just in case, I’ll… How to Use ‘Facebook Live’ to Grow Your Business Facebook Live Guide Launched to verified celebrities and other influencers in August of 2015, Facebook Live allows live streaming of video to a user’s followers…. Essentials for a Successful E-Commerce Website Launch E-Commerce Website Best Practices Web design for E-Commerce websites is the design that provides end users the best possible experience when looking for products that… What is Local SEO? Google Local Listings Explained Confused? Don’t be, it’s actually quite simple to understand once I explain it to you. Have you ever done a Google… Differences Between Facebook Page vs. Facebook Group Facebook Pages vs. Facebook Groups Several social media platforms offer free and low-cost ways for brands to engage with large groups of potential customers. Facebook… Why aren’t more people visiting your website? This is the question that plagues most business owners not long after launching their new expensive website, and maybe even years later. You quickly plug a few industry-related keywords into Google and discover the unthinkable: Your website is nowhere to be found. And even if it is there, it’s buried 9 pages deep. No one’s coming to your site because no one can find it. If you’ve had a similar experience, you might already understand the importance of digital marketing in ensuring the success of your business. To increase traffic to your site, you may have even looked up tips for improving your site’s SEO (Search Engine Optimization). At which point you realized – good SEO is difficult, complicated, and confusing. That’s the bad news. The good news? Lucid Crew lives & breathes SEO – and we love helping small businesses succeed. We know what works and what doesn’t. With 20 years of experience building successful websites, we have the expertise to ensure your site is indexed properly, increase your website’s ranking, and improve your placement in search results. Bottom line: Work with us and we guarantee more people will find your website. Web Design in Austin TX since 1999 Lucid Crew is a kick awesome web design company offering website consultation services and website development for small and large companies in the local area Austin and beyond. If your business is in metro Austin and you are looking for custom website design services, consider working with a web design Austin agency like Lucid Crew. Choosing a local Austin website design firm enables you to meet more regularly, build a more trusting partnership, and take advantage of our local network of innovative and specialized solutions. Lucid Crew is a full-service web design and development firm. We’ve been in business since 1999 – long enough to see dozens of other web design companies rise and fall. Why have we continued to thrive? Maybe it’s our good looks, natural charisma, and great dental hygiene. Reach out to us for a consultation. Lucid Crew provides a full range of digital marketing services. With Lucid Crew, you can attract, impress, and convert more online leads with proven results. Contact Us From the Blog Google Local Services Ads for Lawyers Top 8 Dental Implant Web Designs Top 9 Best Dentist Web Designs Top 8 Best Invisalign Web Designs Top 6 Best Doctor Web Designs Austin (512) 853-9693Toll-Free (866) lucid-00Fax 512-501-4972 ©1999-2023 Lucid Crew, Inc. All rights reserved. Best Websites Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service CloseSEO Web Design Social Media Services About Contact