Undark Magazine | Truth, Beauty, Science. The Latest Explore Stories Read Multimedia Look Get Our Newsletter Sent Weekly Email* NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Submit Δ Academia Climate Change Coronavirus Drugs & Addiction Environment & Conservation Fish & Wildlife Health & Medicine Math & Physics Natural Sciences Science Policy Social Sciences Space & Astronomy Technology & Innovation Meet Our Team Contact Us Submit a Proposal Using Our Stories Facebook Twitter Vimeo Search Close Menu About Projects Mission Latest Staff How Facebook Contributes to the Demise of Endangered Species By Marina Wang Mar 05 Your Child’s Medicine Probably Wasn’t Fully Vetted. Here’s Why. By Frieda Klotz Mar 04 Book Review: The Mysteries and Quirks of Human Memory By Erica Goode Mar 01 Amid Pushback, the USGS Decides to Restore Its Pesticide Database By Sara Talpos Feb 29 A Transparent, Open-Source Vision for U.S. Elections By Spenser Mestel Feb 28 Topics Topics Academia Climate Change Coronavirus Drugs & Addiction Environment & Conservation Fish & Wildlife Health & Medicine Math & Physics Natural Sciences Science Policy Social Sciences Space & Astronomy Technology & Innovation Trending Articles See the features, reviews, and essays that are currently popular with Undark’s readers. Book Review: The Mysteries and Quirks of Human Memory 01 Books Psychiatrists Raise Concerns Over an Uptick in School Referrals 02 News & Features Amid Pushback, the USGS Decides to Restore Its Pesticide Database 03 News & Features Your Child’s Medicine Probably Wasn’t Fully Vetted. Here’s Why. 04 News & Features The Burgeoning Science of Search and Rescue 05 News & Features Viewpoints Thought-provoking arguments from scientists, academics, politicians, authors, and other Undark contributors. Help keep journalism accessible to everyone. DONATE NOW Ambivalence Over AI: We Are All Prometheus Now By Nicholas B. Dirks Feb 22 01 Why Doctors Avoid Talking With Patients About Gun Safety By Jenna Jakubisin Feb 15 02 Anorexia Should Never Be Considered a Terminal Illness By Harriet Brown Feb 08 03 Lawyers and Legal Reformers are Keeping a Close Eye on AI By Tim Vanderpool Feb 01 04 Treating Displaced Gazans’ Trauma Will Require Cultural Respect By Rana Dajani Jan 25 05 Books Reviews, excerpts, interviews, and other features from the world of books. The Mysteries and Quirks of Human Memory By Erica Goode Mar 01 If you would like to help support our journalism, please consider making a donation. All proceeds go directly to Undark’s editorial fund. Undark is a non-profit, editorially independent magazine covering the complicated and often fractious intersection of science and society. Donate Now Reflections on a Life Suffused With Science By Emily Cataneo Feb 23 How a Nuclear Weapons Lab Helped Crack a Serial-Killer Case By Sarah Scoles Feb 09 Decoding the Reign of the Algorithm By Elizabeth Svoboda Feb 02 How to Confront the Fear of Cancer By Kent Sepkowitz Jan 26 The Secrets of Earth’s ‘Silvery Sister’ By Angela Chen Jan 19 Book Excerpt: Can Robots Make Us More Emotionally Intelligent? By Eve Herold Jan 12 Longform Investigations, probing narratives, and other in-depth journalism. News & Features 01 Are Evidence-Based Medicine and Public Health Incompatible? Shreds of Evidence 02 The Uncharted World of Emerging Pathogens Shreds of Evidence 03 Environmental DNA Is Everywhere. Scientists Are Gathering It All. News & Features 04 The Hidden Racial Bias in U.S. Lung Cancer Screening Policy ICYMI News & Features Books Columns Essays & Analysis Interviews Viewpoints About Undark Truth, Beauty, Science. Learn More Tipsters Corruption in science? Academic discrimination? Research censorship? Government cover-ups? Undark wants to hear about it. Email us at [email protected] or visit our contact page for more secure options. Facebook Twitter Vimeo Get Our Newsletter Sent Weekly Email* PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Submit Δ Usage Guidelines Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Submit a Proposal We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok