W3C Skip to content 日本語ホームページJapanese website 简体中文首页Chinese website Visit the W3C homepage Standards Standards Understand the various specifications, their maturity levels on the web standards track, and their adoption. Explore web standards About W3C web standards W3C standards and drafts Types of documents W3C publishes Translations of W3C standards and drafts Reviews and public feedback Liaisons Promote web standards Groups Groups A variety of groups develop Web Standards, guidelines, or supporting materials. About W3C groups Working Groups Interest Groups Community Groups Business Groups Technical Architecture Group Invited Experts Participant guidebook Positive work environment Get involved Get involved W3C works at the nexus of core technology, industry needs, and societal needs. Find ways to get involved Browse our work by industry Become a Member Member Home (restricted) Follow mailing lists Make a donation Sponsor an event Resources Resources Master Web fundamentals, use our developer tools, or contribute code. Learn from W3C resources Developers Validators and tools Accessibility fundamentals Internationalization Translations of W3C standards and drafts Code of conduct News and events News and events Recent content across news, blogs, press releases, media; upcoming events. Follow news and events News Blog Press releases Press and media Events Annual W3C Conference (TPAC) Code of conduct About About Understand our values and principles, learn our history, look into our policies, meet our people. Find out more about us Our mission Leadership Staff Evangelists Careers Diversity Corporation Sponsoring W3C Media kit Contact Policies and legal information Help Search My account Making the Web work The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) develops standards and guidelines to help everyone build a web based on the principles of accessibility, internationalization, privacy and security. Read more about W3C Working with stakeholders of the Web A range of organizations join the World Wide Web Consortium as Members to work with us to drive the direction of core web technologies and exchange ideas with industry and research leaders. We rotate randomly a few of our Member organizations' logos underneath.The Web Consortium and its members, with help from the public and the web community, focus on a range of business ecosystems that the Web transforms, including E-commerce, Media & Entertainment, Publishing and several other areas. Yubico EDRLab Exact Realty Limited Natural Resources Canada Digitaal Vlaanderen Web3D Consortium Discover how W3C supports these organizations Web standards Web standards are the building blocks of a consistent digitally connected world. They are implemented in browsers, blogs, search engines, and other software that power our experience on the Web.W3C is an international community where Members, full-time staff, and the public work together to develop web standards. Learn more about Web standards Get involved W3C works at the nexus of core technology, industry needs, and societal needs. Everyone can get involved with the work we do.There are many ways individuals and organizations can participate in the Web Consortium to advance web standardization. Ways to get involved Latest news Latest entries from across our News, Press Releases or Blog. IMSC Hypothetical Render Model is a W3C Proposed Recommendation This specification specifies an Hypothetical Render Model (HRM) that constrains the presentation complexity of documents that conform to the Text Profiles specified in any edition of Internet Media Subtitles and Captions (IMSC). News Needs of a member-driven but public-interest global organization In this blog post, W3C CEO Seth Dobbs considers participation at W3C as he explores which changes to adopt to ensure continued value and impact on humanity. Blog W3C Invites Implementations of DPub-ARIA 1.1 and DPub-AAM 1.1 DPub-ARIA 1.1 and DPub-AAM 1.1 are now W3C Candidate Recommendation Snapshots. News Internationalization (I18N) leadership change and goals for the future This post is about transitions within the Internationalization Team at W3C, and goals for the future in Internationalization of the Web. Blog Home Contact Help Donate Legal & Policies Corporation System Status W3C on Mastodon W3C on GitHub Copyright © 2024 World Wide Web Consortium. W3C® liability, trademark and permissive license rules apply.