Home - The Hechinger Report Close Search for: Search Topics About Donate Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed Close Skip to content The Hechinger Report Covering Innovation & Inequality in Education Topics About Donate Open Search Search for: Search Menu Home Data science under fire: What math do high schoolers really need? Defying criticism, one district says substituting data science for Algebra II has reaped rewards Remembering our friend and colleague Fazil Khan Khan, who moved to the U.S. from India to attend Columbia Journalism School, was a beloved colleague and star data journalist dedicated to exposing injustice Keep reading Is the hardest job in education convincing parents to send their kids to a San Francisco public school? PROOF POINTS: The surprising effectiveness of having kids study why they failed The school choice plan that is controversial, even in Texas TikTok billionaire spends millions on Texas candidates supporting school voucher efforts The Hechinger Report covers education from birth through college with authority, independence and depth. Get our stories in your inbox every Tuesday. Choose from our newsletters Weekly Update Future of Learning Higher Education Early Childhood Proof Points Leave this field empty if you’re human: Math Matters Unequal offerings, unequal outcomes: We explore the nation’s math education crisis How one district has diversified its advanced math classes — without the controversy PROOF POINTS: How to get teachers to talk less and students more How many Cardi B Birkin bags does it take to improve math scores? PROOF POINTS: 2023 in review PROOF POINTS: There is a worldwide problem in math and it’s not just about the pandemic SURVEY: What do you want to learn about math education? What are journalists missing when they write about math education? More math stories Going To College? Try our tools for finding the right campus. Beyond the Rankings: The College Welcome Guide Go beyond test scores and rankings to find out what the culture on campus is like Inequality is the biggest story in education. We investigate disparities and solutions that might close the gaps. We’re a nonprofit and provide this in-depth independent journalism to you for free… But we need your support. DONATE Hechinger en Español les trae nuestros artículos en su idioma Explora nuestro reportaje acerca de la innovación y la desigualdad en educación Las necesidades de salud mental de las niñas afroamericanas e hispanas a menudo no se satisfacen. Este grupo busca brindar apoyo. Los padres de estudiantes de educación especial que no hablan inglés se enfrentan a otro obstáculo Se acerca un precipicio de cierres de escuelas. Los estudiantes hispanos y afroamericanos son los más propensos a sufrir las consecuencias. Lee más aquí OPINION: After years of silent sacrifices and unseen struggles, Black women are still holding up the child care industry OPINION: How to combat antisemitism without compromising academic freedom An unexpected way to fight chronic absenteeism OPINION: How to help children cope with ‘climate anxiety’ in a warming world PROOF POINTS: Controversies within the science of reading Climate change vs schools We explore climate change’s future toll on kids and how the education system can adapt. One state mandates teaching climate change in almost all subjects – even PE Coverage of climate change in college textbooks is headed in the wrong direction COLUMN: New climate legislation could create 9 million jobs. Who will fill them? READ OUR CLIMATE CHANGE SERIES Child care in shambles The coronavirus pandemic has strained the already fragile child care industry. Without government support, it’s likely to topple. A ‘shockingly broken system’: More than a dozen states are failing to meet child care safety regulations Child care workers organize for better pay and treatment Mississippi child care workers barely earn ‘survival wages’ Early education coalition searches for answers to raise teacher pay, even as budgets are cratering EDUCATIon suspended series When the punishment is the same as the crime: Suspended for missing class Civil rights at stake: Black, Hispanic students blocked from class for missing class Many schools find ways to solve absenteeism without suspensions Inside our analysis of attendance-related suspensions in Arizona EARLY CHILDHOOD Including young learners in the push for reading reform COLUMN: The climate change lesson plans teachers need and don’t have After more than a dozen states said no to a new summer food benefit for children, advocates worry about filling the gap More Early Childhood Elementary to High School Did your college application essay mention race? Talk to us about it PROOF POINTS: The chronic absenteeism puzzle Less than 1 percent of construction jobs go to women of color in this city More Elementary to High School Higher education ‘Simpler’ FAFSA complicates college plans for students, families States bet big on career education, but struggle to show it works The worst of the pandemic is behind us. College students’ mental health needs are not More Higher Education VOICES: Students, teachers, principals and experts weigh in STUDENT VOICE: My state supports public school choice, and I’m grateful for the options OPINION: Not enough students with dyslexia have access to high-quality reading and writing instruction. AI can help. OPINION: Federal pandemic funds should not disappear just when we need them most PARENT VOICE: They call it ‘school choice,’ but you may not end up with much of a choice at all STUDENT VOICE: Teachers assign us work that relies on rote memorization, then tell us not to use artificial intelligence OPINION: More states should require teaching kids how to read the news and spot what’s true and what’s not OPINION: Post-affirmative action, let’s look past our obsession with the Ivy Leagues and other elite schools OPINION: This cannot wait: We need concrete solutions to fight school shootings right now OPINION: Following the Supreme Court’s ban on affirmative action, we must find new remedies to promote educational equity Read more Want to write your own Op-Ed? We consider all submissions under 900 words. Read our guidelines here. Subscribe today! Select the newsletters you’d like to receive and enter your email address below. Weekly UpdateOur editor in chief, Liz Willen, summarizes critical education news and puts it into context. Future of LearningJaveria Salman follows education innovation in schools across the country. Higher EducationOlivia Sanchez covers the most important news in post-secondary education. Proof PointsJill Barshay makes sense of education research with the most important takeaways for educators. Early ChildhoodAriel Gilreath reports on the latest research and news in early childhood education and development. Leave this field empty if you’re human: Interactive stories Try our interactive tools that will help you understand some of education’s most pressing issues. About us We cover inequality and innovation in education with in-depth journalism that uses research, data and stories from classrooms and campuses to show the public how education can be improved and why it matters. Learn more about us Media Partners Our collaborations with news organizations across the nation enable us to reach even wider audiences. All media partners About Special Reports Use Our Stories Send us a tip Our Mission Contact Us Corrections Newsletters Sponsorship © 2024 The Hechinger Report. Powered by Newspack Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed