Health Information and Medical Information - Harvard Health Harvard Health Publishing Harvard Health Publishing Search Search Close Shopping Cart Customer Service Content Licensing About Us Login Open mobile menu Menu Free HealthBeat Signup Shop Subscriptions Special Health Reports Online Courses Pay Subscription Bill Common Conditions Staying Healthy Resources Blog COVID-19 Updates Close menu Close Main Content Common Conditions Staying Healthy Resources Blog Helpful Links Customer Service About Us Login Content Licensing Free Healthbeat Signup Subscriptions Special Health Reports Online Courses Pay Subscription Bill Recent Blog Articles Stepping up activity when winter slows you down 4 things everyone needs to know about measles Is chronic fatigue syndrome all in your brain? One more reason to brush your teeth? Do children get migraine headaches? What parents need to know Does sleeping with an eye mask improve learning and alertness? Does drinking water before meals really help you lose weight? Still confused after Flovent discontinuation? What to know and do Flowers, chocolates, organ donation — are you in? New research shows little risk of infection from prostate biopsies / Harvard Health Publishing Diseases & Conditions Is chronic fatigue syndrome all in your brain? A new study from the National Institutes of Health has performed more diverse and extensive biological measurements of people experiencing chronic fatigue syndrome than any previous research. Here's what they found and what it means. Read Article Pain Reduce or avoid back pain during these everyday activities Staying Healthy What's keeping you from getting a good night's sleep? Diseases & Conditions Strep throat: Symptoms, causes, and treatment Stat of the Week Two doses of MMR vaccine are 97% effective against measles. Cases of this highly contagious illness have been reported in at least 15 states in the first two months of this year. Often, we think of measles as a minor viral infection that causes a runny nose, fever, and rash, keeping children out of school and parents away from work until it goes away. But measles can have much more serious complications. Learn more Harvard Health Publishing Resources Harvard Health Online Subscribers Harvard Health Newsletters Health A to Z Diagnostic Tests and Surgical Procedures Health Decision Guides Ask Harvard Medical School Video Series Log in to Access Your Subscription Editorial Features Birth Control Center Harvard Health Blog Harvard Prostate Knowledge HHP Medication Safety Watch Lyme Wellness Initiative Adult Autism Health Resources Products FREE Email Newsletters Online Learning Courses Special Health Reports Print Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Harvard Medical School Faculty Contributors Howard E. LeWine, MD Chief Medical Editor, Harvard Health Publishing Robert H. Shmerling, MD Senior Faculty Editor, Harvard Health Publishing; Editorial Advisory Board Member, Harvard Health Publishing Claire McCarthy, MD Senior Faculty Editor, Harvard Health Publishing Mallika Marshall, MD Contributing Editor Lauren Elson, MD Contributor; Editorial Advisory Board Member, Harvard Health Publishing Christopher P. Cannon, MD Editor in Chief, Harvard Heart Letter; Editorial Advisory Board Member, Harvard Health Publishing View all Experts License Harvard Health Content Knowledge Is the Best Medicine The source of information makes a difference. Harvard Health Publishing provides trustworthy, evidence-based health content with the authority you demand and the impact you need. Contact Us Free Healthbeat Signup Get the latest in health news delivered to your inbox! Sign Up Footer Harvard Health Publishing Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube My Account Customer Service Log in Order Now Online Learning Courses Digital Subscriptions Special Health Reports Print Subscriptions More About Us Permissions Content Licensing Topics Trademark Notice © 2024 Harvard Health Publishing® of The President and Fellows of Harvard College Do not sell my personal information | Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Scroll To Top Close Thanks for visiting. Don't miss your FREE gift. The Best Diets for Cognitive Fitness, is yours absolutely FREE when you sign up to receive Health Alerts from Harvard Medical School Sign up to get tips for living a healthy lifestyle, with ways to fight inflammation and improve cognitive health, plus the latest advances in preventative medicine, diet and exercise, pain relief, blood pressure and cholesterol management, and more. I want to get healthier This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Close Health Alerts from Harvard Medical School Get helpful tips and guidance for everything from fighting inflammation to finding the best diets for weight loss...from exercises to build a stronger core to advice on treating cataracts. PLUS, the latest news on medical advances and breakthroughs from Harvard Medical School experts. BONUS! Sign up now and get a FREE copy of theBest Diets for Cognitive Fitness I want to get healthier This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Close Stay on top of latest health news from Harvard Medical School. Plus, get a FREE copy of the Best Diets for Cognitive Fitness. Sign me up This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.