Lifehacker | Do everything better Skip to Main Content View on Facebook Page (Opens in a new tab) View our Twitter Page (Opens in a new tab) View our Instagram Page (Opens in a new tab) View our Youtube Page (Opens in a new tab) Latest Tech Food Entertainment Health Money Home & Garden Relationships Deals Hacks Latest Tech Food Entertainment Health Money Home & Garden Relationships Deals Hacks Top Stories Apple Why Now Is a Bad Time to Buy an iPad or MacBook Air Pranay Parab AI How to Make Gemini Your Default Assistant on Android Joshua Hawkins Hardware HP Wants You to Subscribe to Your Next Printer Jake Peterson Latest See More Connections Today's NYT Connections Hints (and Answer) for Tuesday, March 5, 2024 March 5, 2024 Internet You Can Get a Discontinued Google Nest Wifi for 72% Off Right Now March 5, 2024 Hardware How to Decide Between a Chromebook and a 'Real' Laptop March 5, 2024 Tech How to Delete Your Reddit Account March 5, 2024 Hardware How to Find Your Printer's IP Address March 5, 2024 Gaming These Backbone One Controllers Are 30% Off Right Now March 4, 2024 Trending Now Tech How to Keep Your Microsoft Teams Status Green Sachin Bahal Software Did You Know Microsoft Excel Has a Hidden Camera? Saikat Basu Plants All the Gardening Tasks to Tackle in March Amanda Blum Parenting Seven Mistakes to Avoid When Your Kid Is Sick Jason Keil Apple Don't Worry, Apple’s Journal App Probably Isn’t a Privacy Nightmare Jake Peterson Tips, tricks, and no-fail cheat sheets to do everything better. Now in your inbox daily. Subscribe to Lifehacker's Newsletter Loading... Sign Up By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Thanks for Signing Up Featured: Living With AI See More Home & Garden Use This App to Gamify Saving Money on Your Electricity Bill Becca Lewis January 3, 2024 Home & Garden Use These AI Tools Before Your Next Home Renovation Project Becca Lewis January 2, 2024 AI How AI Is Used to Scam You (and What You Can Do About It) Brendan Hesse July 31, 2023 AI The Ethics of Making (and Publishing) AI Art Brendan Hesse July 31, 2023 AI Why Our Laws and Regulations Aren’t Ready for AI Jake Peterson July 31, 2023 Our Mission See More Lifehacker has been the world’s leading guide to tech and life tips, tricks and hacks since 2005. Our job is to figure out how tech, gadgets, software and other things work, so you don’t have to. Our team of experts spend over 5,000 hours per month researching and hands-on testing into the very best answers to your biggest questions and problems. Our Team See More Lifehacker’s team of expert researchers and writers live to figure out how things work and how they can work better. Our team methodically and tirelessly researches and hands-on tests tech, gadgets, software and other things to give you every tip, trick and hack that help your do everything better. Deals See More Entertainment You Can Get Babbel on Sale for $160 Right Now The subscription comes with access to a catalog of lessons for 14 languages. StackCommerce Cleaning & Organizing These Roombas Are Up to 38% Off Daniel Oropeza March 4, 2024 Tech This 13-In-1 Docking Station Is on Sale for $40 Right Now StackCommerce March 4, 2024 Gaming You Can Get This Atari Game Station With Over 200 Games for $56 Right Now StackCommerce March 4, 2024 Streaming Amazon Fire TV Sticks Are up to 40% Off Right Now Daniel Oropeza March 1, 2024 News/Opinions See More Apple Meta Is Deleting Every Oculus Account You need to set up a Meta account ASAP. Jake Peterson Mobile Apps Your Instagram DMs Are Getting an Upgrade Jake Peterson March 4, 2024 Apple Apple Just Surprise Launched the New M3 MacBook Air Joshua Hawkins March 4, 2024 Taxes You Might Already Be Able to File Your Taxes for Free With the IRS’s New Tool Emily Long March 4, 2024 Apple The M1 MacBook Air Is Still the Best Mac For Most People Jake Peterson March 4, 2024 Hacks See More Cooking Air Frying Frozen Dumplings Creates a New Kind of Crispy Pan frying and steaming have always been my go-to cooking methods, but air frying frozen dumplings is a serious contender. Allie Chanthorn Reinmann Apple Mix Dark and Light Mode on Mac with 'Gray' Justin Pot March 1, 2024 Cooking How to Fake a Sourdough Bread Allie Chanthorn Reinmann February 26, 2024 Computing Use This App to Customize Your Windows Taskbar Justin Pot February 23, 2024 Software Use ‘Spicetify’ to Give Spotify a Visual Makeover Justin Pot February 22, 2024 How-To's See More Home & Garden How to Turn Your Juliet Balcony Into Functional Space That so-called "balcony" can work for dining, food prep, storage, and more. Jeff Somers Apple How to Delete Your Old iPhone Lock Screen Wallpapers Saikat Basu March 4, 2024 Plants You Should Bury Fish Heads Under Your Tomato Plants Amanda Blum March 4, 2024 Apple How to Pair Your Apple Watch to a New iPhone Khamosh Pathak March 4, 2024 Work You Should Set ‘Anti-goals’ Too Lindsey Ellefson March 2, 2024 Lifehacker has been a go-to source of tech help and life advice since 2005. Our mission is to offer reliable tech help and credible, practical, science-based life advice to help you live better. Our Mission Our Team Latest Tech Food Entertainment Health Money Home & Garden Relationships Deals Hacks About Ziff Davis (Opens in a new tab) Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Sitemap Do Not Sell My Personal Information © 2001-2024 Ziff Davis, LLC., A ZIFF DAVIS COMPANY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Lifehacker is a federally registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of Lifehacker. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant. AdChoices Image AdChoices Better Business Bureau (BBB) Logo TRUSTe Logo Group Black Logo Lifehacker supports Group Black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. Ziffmedia Logo Askmen Logo ExtremeTech Logo IGN Logo Mashable Logo Offers Logo PCMag Logo RetailMeNot Logo Speedtest Logo