Home - IATSE, The Union Behind Entertainment Skip to content About Us Political / Legislative Local Union Directory Yellow Cards Canada Menu About Us Political / Legislative Local Union Directory Yellow Cards Canada Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Tiktok Twitch Search IATSE The Union Behind Entertainment Publications Education Calendar Take Action Join Menu Publications Education Calendar Take Action Join IATSE The Union Behind Entertainment Home Join Take Action Publications Education Political / Legislative Calendar Local Union Directory Yellow Cards About Us Menu Home Join Take Action Publications Education Political / Legislative Calendar Local Union Directory Yellow Cards About Us We are IATSE, the union behind entertainment. live events. motion pictures. tradeshows. wardrobe. broadcast. animation. We are 170,000+ behind the scenes entertainment workers strong, working in live events, motion picture and television production, broadcast, trade shows, and more throughout the US and Canada. Join Our Movement We are the IATSE, the union behind entertainment. live events. motion pictures. tradeshows. wardrobe. broadcast. animation. As the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE), we are 170,000+ behind the scenes entertainment workers strong, working in live events, motion picture and television production, broadcast, trade shows, and more throughout the US and Canada.We stand together to provide strong representation and win better wages, training, benefits and overall working conditions. Join Our Movement Mutual Aid Partnerships Emergency financial assistance is available for people who are unable to pay their immediate basic living expenses (housing, food, utility bills or health care) due to the ongoing work stoppages in the film and tv industry. MPTF.com Learn More News and Updates Our homepage includes only our most recent updates. Explore all our publications here. News Acting Labor Secretary Julie Su hosts “Making Equity Real” panel with Local 22 member Frank Brown, Jr. and visits Local 720 Training Center Read More » March 5, 2024 News Day One: MPIPHP / Basic Benefits Negotiations Update Read More » March 4, 2024 News A Recap of Black History Month from the IATSE DEI Committee Read More » March 4, 2024 News DNEG Montreal Officially Receives Union Recognition Read More » February 26, 2024 News A Growing Movement Off-Broadway: Atlantic Theater Workers Vote Overwhelmingly to Join IATSE Read More » February 20, 2024 News IATSE and Low Budget Producers Agree to New Steps Towards Preventing Sexual Harassment on Film and TV Sets Read More » February 15, 2024 Video Pass the Performing Artist Tax Parity Act! Read More » December 19, 2023 Video IATSE Political Director & Committees Urge Members to Register to Vote for 2022 Midterms Read More » September 20, 2022 We stand together as sisters, brothers, and kin to ensure liberty and justice for ALL. The Dobbs decision will directly harm the welfare of our union sisters and kin, and therefore we must respond strongly. Read our statements here 🡕 Planned Parenthood Access Tool With the increasing infringement on reproductive rights, every member must be informed about local laws regarding their health. Check the laws in your state 🡕 NEW: IATSE Voter Toolkit Union membership is fundamentally tied to civic duty and the democratic process of voting. As this decision and others have shown, elections have consequences that directly impact entertainment workers and our families. Discover the IATSE Voter Toolkit 🡕 About Us Our Local UnionsLeadershipStructureHistoryContact Departments StagecraftMotion Picture and TelevisionTradeshowCanadaBroadcastPolitical / LegislativeEducationVisas and Immigration Committees WomensDiversity, Equity, InclusionPrideYoung WorkersDisaster ResponseGreen Member Benefits National Benefit Funds (NBF)MPIPHPScholarship FoundationUnion Plus Join / Form a Union Take Action Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Tiktok Twitch Canadian-maple-leaf Search © Copyright 2023 IATSE. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use English Français du Canada English Thank you for signing in!Please present this to the Sergeant-at-Arms for entry. Reminder: You will need to sign in again for each day of the General Executive Board Meeting.