Welcome to All-Creatures.org Working for a Peaceful World for Humans, Animals and the Environment Welcome to All-Creatures.org We are dedicated to cruelty-free living through a vegan lifestyle according to Judeo-Christian ethics. Unconditional love and compassion is the foundation of our peaceful means of accomplishing this goal for all of God's creatures, whether human or otherwise. See more about our philosophy. SUBSCRIBE to our newsletter! Feature for Tuesday, March 5 The Impact Of Meat And Dairy Production On Air Quality Reducing Meat and Dairy Consumption: Shifting towards plant-based diets or reducing meat and dairy consumption can significantly lower the environmental footprint associated with these industries. Plant-based proteins require fewer resources and emit fewer greenhouse gases compared to animal-based proteins. Environment Articles / Meat and Dairy Articles / Egg Production Articles Feature for Monday, March 4 Caroline Earle White Made History for Animals Mrs. White knew the horrible fate that awaited dogs who were used in experiments and believed that a separate organization, dedicated solely to ending the use of animals in research, was needed in order to focus on the problem. And so began the American Anti-Vivisection Society. Animal Rights/Vegan Activist Strategies / Animals in Labs Feature for Sunday, March 3 Our Response to God's Calling Can Affect Our Health Do you believe that our response to God's calling can affect our health? Well, it can. John Wesley believed, as do I, that much of our physical health depends upon our spiritual health. If we are reborn, we have the ability to see beyond the problems of this world and trust in God's promise of a better world to come, and for His intervention in our every day lives. We also have the assurance of being redeemed and forgiven, because we have died to our own pride and lusts, and now live to the Glory of God. [Pictured is Krishna from Eden Farmed Animal Sanctuary] An all-creatures.org Bible Sermons Feature for Saturday, March 2 Donut Peach Zucchini Upside-Down Cake This vegan donut peach zucchini upside-down cake can be prepared and baked in a covered glass baking dish in a microwave oven at 1000 watts in about 12 minutes, or the cake can be baked in a conventional oven at 350 degrees F. for about 25 minutes, which will add about 15 minutes to the total preparation and baking time. Leftovers can be stored in the covered baking dish in the refrigerator for a few days. This vegan delight can be served for breakfast, as a dessert, or enjoyed anytime as a snack. Vegan Recipes Feature for Friday, March 1 I'm more than a statistic My name may be just a number in their records, but I am more than a statistic. I am Cat #SP05, and my story will be heard... They called it science... Needles pierced my skin, electrodes invaded my spinal cord, and I was left alone in a small enclosure, surrounded by the constant buzz of machinery and the echo of my own suffering. Animals in Labs Feature for Thursday, February 29 Mohair Cruelties Mohair is a luxury fiber produced from the long curly hair of angora goats and often found in high-end fashion products. But to produce these luxury products, goats must repeatedly endure painful and stressful shearing processes and many other cruelties. Clothing/Cosmetics and Animal Abuses Feature for Wednesday, February 28 All-Creatures.org February 28 Newsletter Animals should always be praised, never be on plates — the many ways selective breeding damages Animals — love finally stayed when a Cow could keep her Calf — an inconvenient diet can be so easy — Chickens’ languages — tiny Calf Days-zee — our beloved Duck Tomo — vegan jedi — animal abuse as predictor of school shootings? —Sea Turtle Lulu’s 82 years in tanks — plant-based diets decrease food waste — riding the bus as resistance? — and more... Image from Selective Breeding: Unraveling the Methods, Motivations, and Implications All-Creatures.org Weekly Newsletters Home Page What's New Contact Us Action Alerts Animal Exploitation Animal Issues Animal Rights Activism Archives Art & Photography Articles Directory Bible Bible Commentary Books Campaigns Church & Religion Discussions Donate Events / Podcasts / Media Health Hosted Web Sites Humor Kids' Korner Letters Links Nature Studies Newsletter Poetry & Stories Quotations Recipes with Photos Recipes Without Photos Sermons Stop Cruelty in Churches Video Library The Mary T. and Frank L. Hoffman Family Foundation Email: [email protected] Follow us on: Animals Slaughtered: Number of animals killed in the world by the fishing, meat, dairy and egg industries, since you opened this webpage. 0marine animals 0chickens 0ducks 0pigs 0rabbits 0turkeys 0geese 0sheep 0goats 0cows / calves 0rodents 0pigeons / other birds 0buffaloes 0dogs 0cats 0horses 0donkeys and mules 0camels / camelids A web site sponsored by The Mary T. and Frank L. Hoffman Family Foundation and all-creatures.org Copyright © 1998-2023 The Mary T. and Frank L. Hoffman Family Foundation. All rights reserved. May be copied only for personal use or by not-for-profit organizations to promote compassionate and responsible living. All copied and reprinted material must contain proper credits and web site link www.all-creatures.org. Fair Use Notice: This document, and others on our web site, may contain copyrighted material whose use has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owners. We believe that this not-for-profit, educational use on the Web constitutes a fair use of the copyrighted material (as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law). If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond fair use, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Thank you for visiting all-creatures.org. Since