Columbia College Columbia College Main Menu About the CollegeMission History Leadership Strategic Plan My Columbia College Journey Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion News and Updates Visit Columbia College Awards The Core CurriculumThe Classes Registration and Policies Awards and Prizes About the Core Undergraduate Writing Program AcademicsCurrent Bulletin Archived Bulletins Academic Coursework Academic Advising and Support Academic Opportunities Academic Honors, Awards and Prizes Academic Integrity Academic Affairs AdvisingBerick Center for Student Advising Career Advising Fellowship Advising Financial Aid Advising Global Programs Advising Major Advising Preprofessional Advising AdmissionsFinancial Aid Learn About Columbia Visit Columbia Apply to Columbia Campus LifeUndergraduate Student Life Student Resources Supporting the College Audiences Faculty Families Alumni Search Integrity Week 2024 Gets Underway Director of Academic Integrity Victoria Malaney-Brown discusses foundational values and the importance of supporting student well-being. Read more Gates Cambridge Scholarship Awarded to Aiden Sagerman CC’24 Aiden Sagerman CC’24 has been awarded the Gates Cambridge Scholarship and will pursue an M.Phil. in history and philosophy of science at the University of Cambridge. Read more Columbia Named Top-Producing Fulbright Institution for 2023–24 Columbia was named a top-producing institution for the Fulbright U.S. Student Program, with 28 awardees in 2023–24. Read more The Timeless Power of Ancient Tragedies An upcoming production at Miller Theatre sets the stage for community conversation. Read more Fostering the Art of Debate From coaching to competition, Columbia students forge successful partnership with Southern University. Read more Find Courses New Courses! See the list of new courses being offered next semester. Read the latest issue News & Updates View more Gates Cambridge Scholarship Awarded to Aiden Sagerman CC’24 Friday, February 23, 2024 Integrity Week 2024 Gets Underway Thursday, February 22, 2024 The Timeless Power of Ancient Tragedies Wednesday, February 21, 2024 Columbia Named Top-Producing Fulbright Institution for 2023–24 Tuesday, February 20, 2024 Core Conversations: Matthew Hart Thursday, February 15, 2024 Fostering the Art of Debate Wednesday, February 14, 2024 Events Mar 5 Billards & Bites! Mar 5 Panel on Premedical Record Enhancing Postbaccalaureate Programs Mar 6Mar 6 to Mar 7 (1 days) Core Conversations: Pat Barker's The Silence of the Girls - Week 1 Mar 6 Study Abroad First Steps Mar 6 Job Search for Seniors All Events Columbia College Columbia University in the City of New York Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us 208 Hamilton HallMail Code 28051130 Amsterdam AvenueNew York, NY 10027 ColumbiaCollege@columbia.edu212-854-2441 College Offices Alumni Affairs and Development Berick Center for Student Advising Center for Career Education Center for the Core Curriculum Center for Undergraduate Global Engagement Double Discovery Center Eric H. Holder Jr. Initiative for Civil and Political Rights Financial Aid & Educational Financing Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Research and Fellowships Undergraduate Student Life Core to Commencement © 2024 Columbia University | Privacy Policy | Notice of Non-Discrimination | Terms of Use | Accessibility | University Home Page