BuzzFeed News | Breaking News | Original Reporting | News Analysis Skip To Content {title} BuzzFeed News BuzzFeed News Home Reporting To You Menu Icon BuzzFeed News Sections Arts & Entertainment The Breaking News Team Books Business Celebrity Culture Health Inequality Internet Culture Investigations JPG/Photo LGBTQ Rights National Opinion Politics Science Tech World Breaking News “We Were Always Playing An Entirely Different Game”: The Ultimate Oral History Of BuzzFeed News We tried our best to be the smart friend in your pocket ❤️ BuzzFeed News A Final Editor’s Note Karolina Waclawiak China Secretly Built A Vast New Infrastructure To Imprison Muslims By Megha Rajagopalan, Alison Killing, Christo Buschek Utilizamos cookies, próprios e de terceiros, que o reconhecem e identificam como um usuário único, para garantir a melhor experiência de navegação, personalizar conteúdo e anúncios, e melhorar o desempenho do nosso site e serviços. Esses Cookies nos permitem coletar alguns dados pessoais sobre você, como sua ID exclusiva atribuída ao seu dispositivo, endereço de IP, tipo de dispositivo e navegador, conteúdos visualizados ou outras ações realizadas usando nossos serviços, país e idioma selecionados, entre outros. Para saber mais sobre nossa política de cookies, acesse link. Caso não concorde com o uso cookies dessa forma, você deverá ajustar as configurações de seu navegador ou deixar de acessar o nosso site e serviços. Ao continuar com a navegação em nosso site, você aceita o uso de cookies. Aceito Advertisement Breaking News “We Were Always Playing An Entirely Different Game”: The Ultimate Oral History Of BuzzFeed News We tried our best to be the smart friend in your pocket ❤️ BuzzFeed News A Final Editor’s Note Karolina Waclawiak China Secretly Built A Vast New Infrastructure To Imprison Muslims By Megha Rajagopalan, Alison Killing, Christo Buschek Sections Arts & Entertainment The Breaking News Team Books Business Celebrity Culture Health Inequality Internet Culture Investigations JPG/Photo LGBTQ Rights National Opinion Politics Science Tech World A Bunch Of Celebrities Liked Artist Sarah Bahbah’s Viral Post Accusing Selena Gomez Of Plagiarizing Her Artwork — Here’s Everything You Need To Know Selena was previously accused of ripping off Sarah’s work on a separate occasion in 2018, when she released her “Back to You” music video. Leyla Mohammed After Thinking Her “Career Was On The Rise” Following “Euphoria,” Nika King Said She Hasn’t Booked A Single Acting Job And Can’t Pay Rent Amid Speculation About Season 3 “I haven’t paid my rent in six months, and Zendaya’s over in Paris at Fashion Week,” Nika said. “I’m serious. I haven’t booked nothing since Euphoria.” Ellen Durney After Millennials Called Out Gen Z For Not Being Aware Of Lindsay Lohan And Samantha Ronson’s Infamous Relationship, Here’s Everything There Is To Know About It Just weeks after Gen Z'ers were left stunned to learn that the parents in Matilda were married in real life, another iconic former couple has caught them off guard. Stephanie Soteriou Pamela Anderson Revealed That Her Sons Were Initially “Horrified” When She Decided To Ditch Her Glam Team And Go Makeup-Free “My boys were like, ‘Mom, you must have a glam team.’ And my agents were like, ‘You have to have a glam team!’” Pamela shared. Leyla Mohammed Here’s How Miley Cyrus Apparently Reacted To Reports That Noah Cyrus Is “Offended” That Tish Cyrus Married Dominic Purcell After She Allegedly Dated Him “Miley had no idea about the drama with Dominic,” a new source claimed. “She thinks it’s a strange situation.” Ellen Durney Warren Beatty Has Proved To Be A Pretty Good Friend To Have After He Offered Eddie Redmayne No-Questions-Asked Cash When He Fell For A Phishing Scam Warren didn’t hesitate to offer Eddie — who has an estimated net worth of $20 million — whatever he needed in what turned out to be a phishing scam. Stephanie Soteriou As People Continue To Call For Netflix To Cancel “Love Is Blind,” Here's Exactly When And How The Show Started Going Wrong For one example, this season of Love Is Blind has seen contestants — some of whom were scouted via Instagram — defeating the entire purpose of the show by discussing their physical appearances in the pods. Leyla Mohammed People Are Seriously Creeped Out By Elizabeth Hurley’s Son Directing Her In A Steamy Sex Scene For His Debut Feature Film Elizabeth and Damian have always been incredibly close, and he previously praised his famous mom for “dropping everything” to star in his directorial debut. Stephanie Soteriou Jada Pinkett Smith Said She Wouldn’t Mind If Willow Smith Had A Marriage Like Hers One Day After the revelation that Will and Jada had been secretly separated since 2016, reports claimed that their kids, Willow and Jaden, felt “bad for their dad.” Ellen Durney People Are Supporting Rachel Zegler After Her Socials Were Hit With Nasty Comments From Online Trolls Rachel is still being targeted on social media after her 2022 comments about Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs sparked backlash. Stephanie Soteriou A Joke About Sydney Sweeney’s Appearance In A “Saturday Night Live” Clip Has Sparked Backlash After She Previously Talked About The “Ridiculous” Way She’s Been Sexualized “Challenge for SNL writers: have Sydney tell jokes that aren’t just about her being hot.” Ellen Durney Bradley Cooper Told Dax Shepard His 6-Year-Old Daughter Will Talk To Him While He’s On The Toilet Because His Open-Plan Bathroom Has “No Doors” “We talk where I'm on the toilet, she's in the bathtub; that's sort of the go-to,” he said. Ellen Durney People Cannot Get Over A Church Minister’s Seriously “Inappropriate” And “Invasive” Instagram Post About Justin And Hailey Bieber Religious leader Victor Marx name-checked Justin and Hailey as he told Instagram followers, “There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn’t want them to draw closer to Jesus.” Stephanie Soteriou After Dwayne Johnson Spoke Out, Emily Blunt Is The Second Actor To Defend Themselves Amid The Search For The “Idiot” Costar Who “Screamed” At Rebecca Ferguson When Rebecca hit back against the actor who berated her, producers apparently defended them because they were “number one on a call sheet.” Ellen Durney Reneé Rapp Just Opened Up About The Confusion And Trauma Of Not Remembering Being Sexually Assaulted After Her Former Friends Abandoned Her In A Hotel Bar In early 2022, Reneé woke up alone in a bathroom stall at the Beverly Hilton with blood on her pants and no recollection of the last seven hours. Stephanie Soteriou Drew Barrymore Said Her Daughter Brings Up Her Playboy Cover During Arguments About Wearing Crop Tops “‘I'll say ‘no,’ and she'll go, ‘You were on the cover of Playboy,’” Drew revealed. Ellen Durney This Is Why Anthony Ramos Refused To Be In Jennifer Lopez’s Musical Film, Despite Her Insistence Jen and Anthony’s awkward phone conversation was caught on camera and features in her newly-released behind-the-scenes documentary. Stephanie Soteriou Amid Speculation That The Kardashians Are “Desperate For Money” After The Recent Kim And Kylie Drama, Khloé Is Being Slammed For Selling Her Daughter’s Clothes Again At “Absurd” Prices After Kim’s Birkin drama and Kylie’s alleged lack of “budget” for a small business’s cake, Khloé’s recent cash grab has left more people questioning if their family’s wealth is all that it seems. Leyla Mohammed Dwayne Johnson Spoke Out To Defend “Dune” Star Rebecca Ferguson After She Revealed She Was “Screamed” At And Reduced To Tears By A Famous Costar “Because this person was number one on a call sheet, there was no safety net for me,” she said. “So no one had my back. And I would cry walking off set.” Ellen Durney After Losing 350k Followers Following The Release Of “Yes, And?” Ariana Grande Has Fueled Backlash With New Song Title “The Boy Is Mine” Ariana has also revealed the tracklist for her upcoming album, and song title “The Boy Is Mine” has only fueled the “homewrecker” allegations. Stephanie Soteriou Bradley Cooper Admitted He’s “Not Sure” He'd Be Alive If Not For His And Irina Shayk's 6-Year-Old Daughter In conversation with Dax Shepard, Bradley said his daughter’s birth completely shifted his perspective on life after realizing that “there’s something more important than you.” Ellen Durney Kelly Osbourne Opened Up About Getting Into A “Huge Fight” With Her Partner Because He Wouldn’t “Let” Their Baby — Who Is Literally Named After Him — Have Both Of Their Last Names “I wanted our son to have both of our last names, and he wouldn’t let me... I feel that I was forced into doing something I didn’t wanna do and I can never, ever, ever, forgive him for that, but we can move on,” Kelly shared. Leyla Mohammed Ben Affleck Said That He And Jennifer Lopez Are “Trying To Learn To Compromise” As He Revealed He Initially Asked Her Not To Display Their Relationship On Social Media “We’re just two people with different kinds of approaches trying to learn to compromise,” Ben said. Leyla Mohammed Timothée Chalamet And Zendaya Are Visibly Sick Of Being Asked This One Question On The “Dune: Part Two” Press Tour, And Here’s Why It’s So Uncomfortable It’s a movie!!! They’re acting!!!! Ellen Durney Days After Kim Kardashian Was Branded “Desperate For Money” For Trying To Sell Her “Dirty” Birkin, Kylie Jenner Has Been Called “Cheap” Amid A Small Business Owner’s Exposé The cake exposé comes just days after Kylie’s big sister Kim Kardashian was branded “desperate for money” for trying to sell a “dirty” Birkin to her fans. Stephanie Soteriou People Are Defending Aidy Bryant’s Hosting Gig At The Spirit Awards After A Viral Tweet Sparked A Whole Load Of Discourse “The way she actually says it and the way this article acts like she says it is incredibly different,” one person wrote in response to Variety’s divisive tweet. Leyla Mohammed Here’s Everything There Is To Know About The Allegations That Taylor Swift’s Dad, Scott Swift, Hit A Photographer In The Face The pap has refuted Taylor’s team’s claims by saying that Taylor was the only woman present when the alleged altercation occurred. Stephanie Soteriou After Jenna Ortega And Martin Freeman’s Intimacy Coordinator Discussed Their Sex Scene, New Rules Were Put In Place Around What Intimacy Coordinators Are Allowed To Share The new rules — which came into effect after Jenna Ortega and Martin Freeman’s intimacy coordinator spoke out about shooting their controversial sex scene — mean that intimacy coordinators could risk losing their job if they publicly discuss intimate scenes. Leyla Mohammed Fans Have Admitted That They Are “Losing Respect” For Taylor Swift Because She Isn’t Telling “Rabid” Swifties To Stop Targeting Her Ex Joe Alwyn Online “It'd be nice if Taylor could make a statement condemning her fans who do this,” one person wrote. “I wish I still had enough faith that she'd do something like that for anyone but herself.” Stephanie Soteriou Bradley Cooper Made Light Of His Own “Crazy” Demands As A Director After Sparking Backlash Over His “Harsh” No Chairs Policy Last year, the Maestro director sparked backlash after revealing he’s “always hated chairs” on movie sets because “your energy dips the minute you sit down.” Ellen Durney “Love Is Blind” Viewers Are Seriously Over The “Ridiculous” And “Lazy” Casting After Yet Another Contestant Was Accused Of Secretly Being In A Relationship While Filming “Can we just cancel LIB after this season? This is getting ridiculous. There is no way in hell that casting and producers didn’t know this,” one disappointed viewer wrote. Leyla Mohammed People Have Secondhand Embarrassment Over Bradley Cooper’s “Unhinged” Comments To Leonard Bernstein’s Children Bradley’s emotional display is being compared to a Saturday Night Live skit because it is so “unhinged.” Stephanie Soteriou Jodie Turner-Smith Just Broke Her Silence On Her Divorce From Joshua Jackson, And Here’s What She Had To Say After filing for divorce in October, Jodie talked about having the courage to step away from “places that are not good for us.” Ellen Durney At 10 Years Old, North West Is Officially One Of The Youngest Artists To Ever Chart On The Hot 100. And Here’s How Kim Kardashian Reacted. Miss Westie makes the history books. Ellen Durney After “Living” As Elvis Presley Left Him In “Excruciating Pain,” Austin Butler Said Method Acting For “Dune” Would Have Been “Unhealthy” For His “Family And Friends” After spending years in character as Elvis Presley, Austin said he knew he needed to “protect” others as he embarked on his most villainous role yet. Ellen Durney A Super Uncomfortable Video Of Kourtney Kardashian And Travis Barker Leaving Penelope Standing “Awkwardly” While They Made Out Is Sparking A Load Of Discourse Online While one user labeled Kourtney "embarrassing" for "leaving her daughter there standing like a 3rd wheel," another questioned why she and Travis ultimately walked off "without even a backwards glance" to the 11-year-old. Leyla Mohammed Here’s How Andy Cohen Responded To Brandi Glanville’s Accusations Of Sexual Harassment Attorneys for Brandi Glanville state that the Bravo boss “exercised complete and total control over her career” at the time of the incident, leaving her feeling “trapped and disgusted.” Ellen Durney Here’s How YouTuber Ruby Franke’s Son Reacted To Her Being Sentenced For Felony Child Abuse It comes four years after Ruby was investigated by Child Protective Services when her eldest son, Chad, claimed that she’d “taken away” his bedroom for seven months. Leyla Mohammed Next page > Sections Arts & Entertainment Books Celebrity Culture & Criticism Health Internet Culture Investigations JPG LGBTQ Opinion Politics Tech Follow Us Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Company Support Us BuzzFeed.com Privacy Policy User Agreement BuzzFeed News Home a BuzzFeed brand