Partnership Automation: Key to Partnership Success - impact.com About About impact.com Careers Press releases Sustainability Contact English 简体中文 日本語 Italiano Français Deutsch Back Sign in Request a demo Platform Partnership management platform impact.com handles the entire partnership life cycle across any partnership type Discover and Recruit Contract and Pay Track Engage Protect and Monitor Optimize Creator Discover, manage, and measure creator partnerships Brands Influencer marketing Affiliate marketing Mobile partnerships Business development Analytics and attribution Saas partnership marketing Services Managed services: influencer Shopify and BigCommerce Publishers Overview Affiliates Influencers and creators Mobile apps Content publishers Premium news and media publishers Partner with us Agency partners Agency directory Technology partners Technology partners directory Referral partners Insights Resources Blog Customer stories The Partnership Economy Events Partnerships Experience Partnerships Experience Academy Plans About About impact.com Careers Press releases Sustainability Contact English 简体中文 日本語 Italiano Français Deutsch Sign in Request a demo Partnership management for influencers retail brand-to-brand affiliates commerce content ambassadors creators FinTech SaaS travel impact.com makes high-value partnerships possible by understanding every stage of the customer journey Are you a brand? Are you a partner? Businesses have high growth goals and fewer resources right now You’re tasked with driving customer acquisition and requiring more from your budget as ad prices rise and effectiveness declines. Partnerships can drive the most efficient revenue growth for any business, but you need the right technology to manage it all. We get it— impact.com brings it all together by automating the entire partnership lifecycle. For Brands For Partners Gain more visibility, build authentic connections, and grow revenue for your brand Influencer Attract higher-value customers by building relationships through creators and influencers. With impact.com / creator, you can customize influencer contracts, and payment models to make the most of brand and performance campaigns. Affiliate Take less risk, ditch manual processes, and drive higher ROI with a diverse affiliate marketplace. You can build bespoke affiliate partnerships, customize contracts, and measure true partner value with impact.com. B2B SaaS Referral partnerships are the most cost-effective way to generate more leads, grow your subscription base and increase revenue. No other channel allows for a pay-for-performance model that truly creates both a better user experience and a better business outcome. Mobile Grow in-app sales with native integrations, and pay partners for post-install conversion events like sales, travel bookings, or new subscriptions. Drive partner traffic into your app and connect with new, mobile-first partners. Discover new brands to grow your content programs, and make data-driven decisions so you can scale faster Creators Monetize your content and build long-term brand partnerships that help grow your audience. Plus, show your true value through data, and facilitate contract and payment negotiations without leaving the platform. Affiliates Connect with brands that align with your readership and audience while showcasing high-converting products in your content. Plus, understand the true value brands bring through real-time reporting, and optimize content for greater conversions. Premium publishers As the publishing landscape becomes more competitive, it’s critical to focus on content that converts. With impact.com, you get centralized data from over 200 channels and networks to drive true value from partnerships. Mobile apps Connect directly with hundreds of leaders of the mobile economy. Refer traffic from your mobile properties and activate a new revenue stream. Partnerships work. But don’t just take our word for it—check out these case studies View all View all Case study 25% growth in average monthly affiliate revenue Case study 25% increase in sale Case study 128% increase in productive affiliates Case study 168% growth in active partners Case study 485% ROI Case study 27.3% higher conversion rate QoQ Case study 142% sales growth for brand partners YoY Creator Build high-value creator partnerships at scale With impact.com / creator, you can discover influencer and creator partners that align with your brand, opening up a world of exciting collaborative opportunities. impact.com’s creator solution brings together like-minded brands, creators, and agencies, enabling effortless discovery for a perfect match. Our best in class performance tracking and reporting allows you to optimize top-performing partnerships to grow your audience and revenue. Learn more Affiliate One platform to manage a complex universe of partnerships Take less risk, ditch manual processes, and drive higher ROI with a diverse affiliate marketplace. You can build bespoke affiliate partnerships, customize contracts, and measure true partner value with impact.com. Affiliates can find thousands of brands in our Marketplace to partner with and monetize their content. Affiliate for brands Affiliate for partners Premium publishers The most powerful tools for modern publishers Trusted by thousands of premium publishers globally across every major vertical: News, lifestyle, tech, fashion, parenting, travel, and more! The only full-stack technology solution that keeps publishers competitive in an ecosystem that is constantly evolving. Our publishers are equipped with cutting-edge tools to jumpstart, grow, and scale commerce content programs. Learn more Marketplace Find the right partners through our marketplace Discover thousands of future revenue-generating partnerships, contract and begin working together directly through a cost-per-action model. Publishers can apply to work with their favorite brands, then monetize their content by driving traffic and conversions for their partners. Learn more Tech integrations Integrate with impact.com tech partners Drive revenue and unlock new channels of growth with our e-commerce platform integrations. The impact.com app offers an all-in-one solution to guide you in your journey through influencer and affiliate marketing. Drive revenue and unlock new revenue streams with our e-commerce platform integrations with companies like Shopify, BigCommerce, Magento, Hubspot, and more. Find out more Sign up Take your partnership program to the next level Find out how impact.com’s partnership management platform can help you effectively orchestrate the entire partner lifecycle for sustained growth. Request a demo Company type Brand Agency Publisher, creator or affiliate Please select a company type What are you interested in? Looking for an affiliate solution Looking for an influencer solution Looking for a customer referral solution Looking for an all in one partnerships solution Partner with impact.com Request on behalf of a client Flat fees or commission earnings from brands I want tools to grow my business Please select an interest First name Please enter your first name Last name Please enter your last name Business email Please enter valid email address Please use different email address Job title Please enter your job title Business phone Please enter valid phone number (503-555-1212) Country United States Australia Canada United Kingdom Afghanistan Albania Andorra Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burma Cambodia Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador England Estonia Fiji Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Grenada Guatemala Guyana Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia (FYROM) Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Myanmar Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Scotland Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Timor-Leste Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Ukraine United Arab Emirates (UAE) Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Please select country Company name Please enter company name Company website Please enter valid website url with http:// in front Existing program Yes No Please select option Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding impact.com products, services, and events. I can unsubscribe at a later time. By registering, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by impact.com as described in the privacy policy. Get a demo Sign up impact.com partnership management platform Manages, protects, and optimizes all of your organization’s different partnerships. Learn more about how we can help you scale faster. Discover & Recruit Contract & Pay Track Engage Protect & Monitor Optimize Discover & Recruit Discover a limitless number of global partners—and add them to your partnership program with ease. Save time with powerful discovery and recruitment automation. Read more Contract & Pay Choose your business outcomes, then reward the partners that drive them. Read more Track Track the traffic partners drive on all your properties, across any device. Read more Engage Proactive messaging and automated workflows make sure partners stay informed, productive, and on-brand. Read more Protect & Monitor Fortify your partnerships with full-stack protection across the entire consumer journey. Automate the daily monitoring and remediation of issues that could result in partner non-compliance. Expose affiliate fraud, influencer fraud, and traffic abnormalities wherever they corrupt your conversion paths. Cut out invalid traffic and reinvest spend in high-quality partnerships. Read more Optimize Continually optimize your partnerships for growth and efficiency. Read more Boost your brand with creator marketing Discover how working with creators can while boost brand awareness and reach engaged audiences in this free creator certification for brands Enroll now We also recommend Blog 5 undeniable reasons to partner with nano- and micro-influencers to drive big results for your brand Blog How creators use AI to increase brand awareness and audience reach Blog Your step-by-step guide to creating a Marketplace listing that brands can’t resist Visit our Insights resource centre for more! Platform Partnership management platform Creator Discover and Recruit Contract and Pay Track Engage Protect and Monitor Optimize For Brands Influencer marketing Affiliate marketing Business development Mobile partnerships Saas partnership marketing Analytics and attribution Services Managed services: influencer For Publishers Overview Affiliates Influencers and creators Mobile apps Content publishers Premium news and media publishers Insights Resources Blog Partnerships Experience Academy The Partnership Economy Events Partnerships Experience Influencer & creator directory Glossary Partner with impact.com Agency partner program Agency directory Technology partners Technology partners directory Referral partner program Developer portal About About impact.com Contact Careers Press releases Sustainability Help center Sign up for our monthly newsletter Business email Please enter valid email address Please use different email address Subscribe Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding impact.com products, services, and events. I can unsubscribe at a later time. By registering, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by impact.com as described in the Privacy Policy. Subscribe Congratulations. You have successfully signed up to our newsletter. Keep an eye on your inbox. Social Media Linkedin Instagram Facebook Youtube TikTok X RSS feed © 2024 Impact Tech, Inc Legal policies Privacy policy Terms of use Accessibility policy Responsible disclosure Modern slavery statement Imprint