Zenodo Skip to main Communities My dashboard Log in Sign up Featured communities Machine Learning for Particle Physics Browse Generalist Repository Ecosystem Initiative (GREI) Browse Generalist Repository Ecosystem Initiative (GREI) aims to develop collaborative approaches for data management and sharing through inclusion of the generalist repositories in the NIH data ecosystem. Aurora Universities Network Browse Aurora is a University network platform for European university leaders, administrators, academics, and students to learn from and with each other. The projects we do and the results that can be shared publically will be put in this community page. European Climate and Energy Modelling Forum Browse ECEMF is a Horizon 2020-funded project aiming to establish a European forum for energy and climate researchers and policy makers to achieve climate neutrality. Recent uploads March 5, 2024 (v1) Dataset Open Data from: Digital PCR quantification of ultrahigh ERBB2 copy number identifies poor breast cancer survival after trastuzumab Meng, Pei Dalal, Hina Brueffer, Christian HER2/ERBB2 evaluation is necessary for treatment decision-making in breast cancer (BC), however current methods have limitations and considerable variability exists. DNA copy number (CN) evaluation by droplet digital PCR (ddPCR) has complementary advantages for HER2/ERBB2 diagnostics. In this study, we developed a single-reaction multiplex... Part of: Dryad Uploaded on March 5, 2024 0 Views 0 Downloads February 28, 2024 (v1) Poster Open Open Science Policy and Practices at the University of Potsdam Jacob, Boris Weiss, Nadin Heise, Verena The University of Potsdam pursues Open Science (OS) as an integral part of its good scientific practice In some fields of action OS is already vital practice and substantial progress can be shown other fields of action are at the beginning of the development process. Both researchers and instructors in the faculties and qualified technical... Part of: RDA-DE 2024 Uploaded on March 5, 2024 0 Views 1 Downloads March 2, 2024 (1) Presentation Open Práctica de laboratorio 1. Lavado de manos, colocación de guantes, colocación y retirada de EPI Medina Ponce, Ángel Jonatan Material docente de prácticas de laboratorios de la asignatura 42415 - Técnicas de Enfermería I.Grado en Enfermería. Sede Gran Canaria. Part of: University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria Uploaded on March 5, 2024 0 Views 3 Downloads March 5, 2024 (v1) Presentation Open Storytelling on Podcasts Niemir, Damian This presentation was delivered at the meeting of the Special Interest Group on Marketing and Communications (SIG-MARCOMMS) on March 5, 2024 hosted in Ljubljana, Slovenia by Arnes. Theoretical part on how to create podcasts - preciding practical workshop on the topic. Part of: GÉANT Community Uploaded on March 5, 2024 2 Views 1 Downloads March 5, 2024 (v1) Presentation Open Generationsgegensätze? Ein digitaler Blick über die Schulter zur Analyse qualitativer Daten mit MAXQDA. Moeller, Katrin Simons, Olaf Der digitale Workshop bietet eine umfassende Einführung in die Analyse qualitativer Interviews mit MAXQDA, einer leistungsstarken Software für die qualitative Datenanalyse. Genutzt werden dazu Interviews aus dem Jahr 1968, die sich mit Generationengegensätzen befassen. Teilnehmende werden in die Grundlagen der qualitativen Forschung und... Part of: NFDI4Memory Uploaded on March 5, 2024 1 Views 1 Downloads March 5, 2024 (v1) Dataset Open Data from: Energy harvesting in a flow-induced vibrating flapper with biomimetic gaits Chatterjee, Rajanya Shah, Chhote Lal Gupta, Sayan Energy harvesting from flow induced vibrations (FIV) in flexible bodies offer opportunities for power generation in biomimicking robotic devices and is an active area of research. The focus of this study is on investigating the underlying physics and qualitatively analysing the energy extraction scenarios in similar structural... Part of: Dryad Uploaded on March 5, 2024 5 Views 1 Downloads March 5, 2024 (v1) Software Open Data from: Energy harvesting in a flow-induced vibrating flapper with biomimetic gaits Chatterjee, Rajanya Shah, Chhote Lal Gupta, Sayan Energy harvesting from flow induced vibrations (FIV) in flexible bodies offer opportunities for power generation in biomimicking robotic devices and is an active area of research. The focus of this study is on investigating the underlying physics and qualitatively analysing the energy extraction scenarios in similar structural... Part of: Dryad Uploaded on March 5, 2024 16 Views 0 Downloads March 2, 2024 (v1) Dataset Open [Supporting Information] Are Peruvians moving towards healthier diets with lower environmental burden? Household consumption trends for the period 2008-2021 Sanchez Matos, Joan Vázquez-Rowe, Ian Kahhat, Ramzy Supporting information from the manuscript: Are Peruvians moving towards healthier diets with lower environmental burden? Household consumption trends for the period 2008-2021. The main goal of this study was to comprehensively analyze the evolution in diet quality in Peru in the period 2008-2021 based on apparent household purchases extracted... Part of: Industrial Ecology and Sustainability Research Uploaded on March 5, 2024 11 Views 13 Downloads March 5, 2024 (2024-03-05) Dataset Open COVID-19-Impfungen in Deutschland Robert Koch-Institut Die COVID-19-Impfung kann einen Wendepunkt in der Kontrolle der COVID-19-Pandemie darstellen und erfährt daher hohes Maß an öffentlicher Aufmerksamkeit. Einführung und Umsetzung der COVID-19-Impfung gehen mit besonderen Herausforderungen einher, die bei der Impfdatenerfassung zu berücksichtigen sind. In diesem Kontext ist es Ziel des Projekts... Part of: Robert Koch Institute Uploaded on March 5, 2024 541 more versions exist for this record 35567 Views 6750 Downloads March 5, 2024 (v3) Presentation Open Opening up your scientific contributions thanks to Creative Commons licenses, in 15 minutes Donzé, Dimitri Muller, Floriane This is the slide deck of the rendez-vous de l'information scientifique organised by the University of Geneva Library on Mars 5, 2024 and devoted to Creative Commons licences. Objective: To discover how Creative Commons licences can facilitate the dissemination and reuse of your works Contents: basic principles of copyright... Part of: Bibliothèque de l'Université de Genève Uploaded on March 5, 2024 2 more versions exist for this record 116 Views 77 Downloads More Why use Zenodo? Safe — your research is stored safely for the future in CERN’s Data Centre for as long as CERN exists. Trusted — built and operated by CERN and OpenAIRE to ensure that everyone can join in Open Science. Citeable — every upload is assigned a Digital Object Identifier (DOI), to make them citable and trackable. No waiting time — Uploads are made available online as soon as you hit publish, and your DOI is registered within seconds. Open or closed — Share e.g. anonymized clinical trial data with only medical professionals via our restricted access mode. Versioning — Easily update your dataset with our versioning feature. GitHub integration — Easily preserve your GitHub repository in Zenodo. Usage statistics — All uploads display standards compliant usage statistics Newsletter Receive updates on our latest developments, projects and upcoming webinars sent quarterly. E-mail * Name About About Policies Infrastructure Principles Projects Roadmap Contact Blog Blog Help FAQ Docs Guides Support Developers REST API OAI-PMH Contribute GitHub Donate Funded by Powered by CERN Data Centre & InvenioRDM Status Privacy policy Terms of Use Support