Jewish Holidays, Kosher food, Torah & Jewish Living Programs Community Engagement Daf Yomi Impact Accelerator Israel Free Spirit Jewish Action Magazine JLIC/College Campus Kosher NCSY Alumni NCSY/Teens Yachad OU Advocacy OU Israel OU Press OU Research OU Torah Synagogue Initiatives Teach Coalition Women’s Initiative The SPIRIT Initiative Kosher Torah Holidays Events Life About EVP Rabbi Moshe Hauer EVP/COO Rabbi Dr. Josh Joseph See the 2023 OU Impact Report Jewish Calendar Careers Community Finder Synagogue Finder Contact Donate Donate Donate Now Become a Member Legacy Giving NEW SERIES: Meet the Mashgiach Do you ever wonder what mashgichim do? Behind the OU symbol you know and trust, 850+ devoted mashgichim work around the clock – and around the globe – to ensure that your products are 100% kosher. Watch Now Order Your OU Guide to Passover 2024 The OU’s much-anticipated annual guide to everything you want or need to know about Passover is now available to order! Order Now Beyond The Frontlines Your help is needed more than ever. Find out how you can show your support. Donate Now Learn more Stay Connected Sign up to get the best of the OU sent to your inbox each week and follow us on social media for the latest photos and video from around the OU. What's Happening Around the OU @orthodoxunion The Latest {{featuredTitle}} Watch Next {{video.title}} More to Discover NCSY NCSY’s JSU Combats Antisemitism With Show of Unity By NCSY's Jewish Student Union JLIC Between Science and Spirituality: The Kosher Quest for Lab-Grown Meat with Rabbi Elefant By Jewish Learning Initiative on Campus NCSY NCSY NY NJ Dinner By NY-NJ NCSY SPIRIT Unity Mission to Israel – Register Now By The SPIRIT Initiative OU Programs NCSY NCSY is proud to play an important and trusted role in the lives of thousands of Jewish teens each... Learn More Yachad Yachad, an international organization, is dedicated to enhancing the life opportunities of Jewish individuals with disabilities. Learn More OU Kosher OU Kosher combines expertise in halacha with an understanding of modern food production to ensure that kosher food... Learn More Teach Coalition Teach Coalition secures government funding for Jewish day schools and yeshivot. Learn More OU Israel Since 1979, OU Israel has been making a difference in Israel, touching the lives of children and adults,... Learn More Women’s Initiative The OU Women’s Initiative works with Orthodox communities worldwide to identify and address women’s spiritual, educational, and communal... Learn More Torah Initiatives Torah Initiatives comprises a broad array of innovative and impactful Torah programming. Learn More OU Advocacy Center The OU Advocacy Center is the nonpartisan public policy arm of the OU that advocates on behalf of... Learn More Community Projects & Partnerships Strengthening Parents, Strengthening Families, Strengthening Communities Learn More Department of Synagogue Initiatives The OU Pepa and Rabbi Joseph Karasick Department of Synagogue & Community Services provides religious, educational, social, and... Learn More Seif OU-JLIC Now in its 20th year, the OU-JLIC’s (Seif Jewish Learning Initiative on Campus) network of Torah directors provide... Learn More Center for Communal Research The Center for Communal Research evaluates the OU’s impact on the communities it serves, while producing actionable insights... Learn More Israel Free Spirit Israel Free Spirit Birthright, the OU’s Birthright Israel program, aims to keep the Jewish community vibrant by connecting... Learn More Impact Accelerator Built on mentorship-based growth and early-stage funding, the OU Impact Accelerator identifies and advances promising Jewish nonprofits that... Learn More OU Press OU Press publishes popular and scholarly works that reflect the broad spectrum of Orthodox Jewish values in the... Learn More Jewish Action Whether it’s the critically acclaimed Jewish Action magazine or the OU Guide to Passover, OU Publications has something... Learn More Benefactor Circle Thank you for your generous support of our vital programs. Learn More 2023: What’s Next at the OU The annual Impact Report is a snapshot of where we’ve been. Here are some of the new initiatives that... Learn More OU In The News See all 15 Feb Largest Nach Yomi Class in History Celebrates In-Person Siyum With 500 Women from 28 Countries 14,000 Women Registered for Third Cycle of OU Women’s Initiative’s Nach Yomi When Orthodox Union Women’s Initiative Founding Director Rebbetzin Dr. Adina Shmidman initially... Read More 07 Feb Fathers and Sons Bond Over Torah and Chessed on Orthodox Union Israel Mission Trip Led by Synagogue Initiatives Merges Community Values of Family and Support for Israel Like many Jewish community members who learned of the October... Read More 30 Jan Statement from EVP Rabbi Moshe Hauer on U.S. Dept. of Education Investigation of Antisemitism in Delaware School District The US Department of Education announced a Title VI complaint settlement with the Red Clay Consolidated School District in Wilmington Delaware. The investigation found shocking episodes... Read More Upcoming Jewish Holidays Purim Purim 5784 By Rabbi A.L. Mann March 4, 2024 Purim The Vilna Gaon Inflames Your Heart for Purim By Rabbi Daniel Glatstein March 4, 2024 Purim Purim and Pekudei – The Name of Hashem Revealed by the Megillah and the Adonim By Rabbi Daniel Glatstein February 28, 2024 Purim Purim and Parshas Pekudei: What Happened to the Beis Hamikdash? By Rabbi Daniel Glatstein February 28, 2024 Upcoming Holidays Fast of EstherBegins in the morning of Mar 21, 2024Ends in the evening of Mar 21, 2024PurimBegins in the evening of Mar 23, 2024Ends in the evening of Mar 24, 2024Shushan PurimBegins in the evening of Mar 24, 2024Ends in the evening of Mar 25, 2024PassoverBegins in the evening of Apr 22, 2024Ends in the evening of Apr 30, 2024Yom HaShoahBegins in the evening of May 5, 2024Ends in the evening of May 6, 2024 See All Holidays OU Kosher Email OU Kosher Experts Our kosher experts are waiting to take your questions on all kashrus-related matters. Call 212-613-8241 or email kosherq@ou.org Ask a Kosher question Call Now Apply For OU Kosher Certification Looking to have your product get OU Kosher certification? Apply below to get started. Apply Now Latest news from OU Kosher news Creating a Kosher for Passover Certified Product By Steven Genack news Approaching the Mediterranean Diet By Steven Genack Explore kosher recipes Pareve Whole Wheat Pumpkin Hamantaschen By Tamar Genger Pareve or Dairy Hazelnut Chocolate Hamantaschen By Alison Barnett OU Kosher Certified Products and Companies See all OU Career Opportunities Explore all open jobs Coming Soon.. Support the OU One time Monthly $18.00 One time donation Donate $100.00 One time donation Donate $250.00 One time donation Donate $500.00 One time donation Donate $1,500.00 One time donation Donate $1,800.00 One time donation Donate Other amount One time donation Donate Our programs Teens College Campus Advocacy OU Israel Books Alumni Individuals With Disabilities Nonpublic School Advocacy OU Research More of OU Home Kosher Kosher Certification Holidays Life About Synagogues OU Leadership Contact Media Newsletters How to help Careers OU apps Keep up with the OU ©2024 All Rights Reserved. Orthodox Union Privacy Policy Cookie Policy