CDC Foundation Skip to main content Your Gift DOUBLES Your Impact: Take Action by March 31! Host your own fundraiser Sign up for email updates Main navigation Who We Are Our Story CDC and CDC Foundation Board Leadership Team Financials Careers Request for Proposals What We Do Our Programs Our Partners What Is Public Health? Climate and Health Data Modernization Global Health Security Health Communication Health Equity Latest News Stories Blog Podcast Newsroom How You Can Help Partner With Us Ways to Give Planned Giving Emergency Response Join Us and Take Action Give Now Donate Together Our Impact is Greater We use the power of collaboration to save and improve lives. Our donors and partners make our work possible. How Your Support Makes an Impact $2B Raised to support 1,300 programs since 1995 Read More 316 Global and domestic programs this year Read More 7,387 Partnerships working together to make an impact Read More Areas of Impact Image 1 of 9 2023 Donor Report Image 2 of 9 Data Modernization Image 3 of 9 Climate and Health Image 4 of 9 Health Equity Image 5 of 9 Health Communications Image 6 of 9 Global Health Security Image 7 of 9 Community-Based Organizations Image 8 of 9 COVID-19 Image 9 of 9 Contagious Conversations Prev Next Our Work in Action All Because of You: Your Impact in Action Thanks to our donors and partners, public health is stronger across the globe. When we look back on the year, we thank you for being right beside us—for making our work possible. You have helped us support the public health workforce in all 50 states, develop creative approaches to sharing critical health information, advance data sharing processes and much, much more. Learn more about the many people who are making an impact in our latest Report to Donors, All Because of You: VIEW THE REPORT YOUR SUPPORT WILL IMPROVE HEALTH AROUND THE WORLD Your gift will advance critical research and initiatives to protect and save lives. Donate Now Subscribe to Email List Take Action Image Give Today Make a secure donation to save and improve lives. Donate Now Image Give Monthly Join our Impact Circle and become a monthly donor. Donate Monthly Image Fundraise Start a fundraiser or support an existing campaign. Learn More Image Take Action Learn more about the ways that you can get involved. Act Now Recent Articles View All Blog Posts View All News Releases Blog Post All Because of You: Your Impact in Action Each of you, our generous supporters and engaged partners, are part of every program and partnership we bring to life. When we look back on the year, we thank you for being right beside us—for making our work possible. Read More Blog Post Celebrating Healthy Futures Society Members The name 'Healthy Futures Society' evokes an impressive commitment to public health—but what is it? Simply put, members of this exclusive group have included the CDC Foundation in their will or estate plans, ensuring that their values translate into actions lasting long beyond their lifetimes. Read More News Release The CDC Foundation Launches Scholarship Fund for Descendants of Black Men in the Untreated Syphilis Study at Tuskegee The CDC Foundation launches scholarship fund for descendants of Black men in the Untreated Syphilis Study at Tuskegee. Read More News Release CDC Foundation’s Live to the Beat campaign spotlights cardiovascular disease in Black women, issuing a call-to-action to help Black women prioritize self-care for their own heart health CDC Foundation’s Live to the Beat campaign is launching a “Heart2Heart Challenge” to encourage Black women to give themselves permission to prioritize self-care for their own heart health. Read More Prev Next Featured Stories View All Stories Breathing Easier: Air Quality Monitors Track Wildfire Smoke Hotter, drier summers are giving rise to more wildfires and the health threats they pose. Here's how Montana is tackling the challenge. Read Story Strengthening Community Relationships as the Foundation for Change Cross-sector relationships are pivotal to ensuring the community is at the forefront of public health decisions. A systems change approach helps sustainably build these partnerships. Read Story Kathy Bremer: A Public Service Expert Chooses the CDC Foundation Through careers in journalism, public relations, nonprofit and executive search work, Kathy Bremer has combined her passions for public service, fostering connections and making a difference. Read Story Repairing Equity and Transforming Community Health By addressing root causes of health inequities, we can build meaningful, lasting systems change to create inclusive, equitable public health systems. Read Story Detroit Team Helps Residents Prepare for Changing Climate Deandra Smith, director of the AmeriCorps Climate R.E.A.D.Y. program at Wayne State University, and her team of 11 volunteers work in Detroit to help residents remedy flooding. Read Story Join Us Join our email list. We'll send you news and information about the CDC Foundation's work around the world. Follow us on: Text IMPACT to 467228 to stay connected. I want to help Footer Contact Directions CDC Login Website/Privacy Policy © 2024 All rights reserved. The CDC Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Our Tax ID number is 58-2106707