Hardware Wallet & Crypto Wallet - Security for Crypto | Ledger New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover Get started Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages? Yes, please No, I'm good You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the top right corner of the page. Beware of phishing attacks, Ledger will never ask for the 24 words of your recovery phrase. Never share them. Learn more Products Ledger Stax Ledger Nano X Ledger Nano S Plus Compare our devices Packs Accessories Collaborations See all products Download Ledger Live Supported crypto App and services Ledger Live Ledger Recover CL Card Supported Services Crypto Prices Learn Ledger Academy Learn and Earn Classroom Blog What is a crypto wallet How to Buy How to Swap How to Stake For Business Ledger Enterprise Solutions Ledger Partners Ledger Co-branded Partnership For developers Support English العربية 简体中文 Français Deutsch Русский Español 日本語 한국어 Türkçe Português LEDGER HARDWARE WALLETS The smartest way to secure your crypto Buy, exchange, grow and manage over 5,500 coins and tokens Shop Introducing Ledger Recover Restore access to your wallet whenever you need it Trusted by over 6 million customers Introducing Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover Restore access to your wallet whenever you need it Get started Ledger Live - The crypto companion app for your Ledger hardware wallet Manage and grow your digital assets, all from one place Available on Mobile & Desktop Buy, sell, swap with confidence Buy crypto like Bitcoin, Ethereum and more by credit / debit card and bank transfer. Also, swap or cash out your preferred coins. Start buying crypto Stake your crypto Get rewards by staking your ETH, SOL, ATOM, ADA and several other coins and tokens. Stake crypto now Stay on top of your assets Keep track of your crypto and NFTs, browse a wide range of services and providers, and get the best deals! See supported crypto Thousands of supported coins and tokens Bitcoin, Ethereum, USDT, Solana and more… See all supported cryptos Find your perfect Ledger hardware wallet Compare our hardware wallets Ledger Nano S Plus 4.5/5 - 1 213 Reviews The perfect entry-level hardware wallet to securely manage all your crypto and NFTs. Desktop USB-C Crypto & NFT Learn more Most popular Ledger Nano X 4.5/5 - 11 108 Reviews Secure and manage your crypto & NFTs on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled hardware wallet. Desktop & mobile Bluetooth® USB-C Crypto & NFT Learn more Ledger Stax Coming soon Our most advanced and customizable hardware wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink® touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before. Desktop & Mobile Bluetooth® USB-C Larger screen Crypto & NFT Learn more Compare our hardware wallets Crypto wallet recovery made easy Get a secure backup for your secret recovery phrase ready whenever you need it. Get started Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover Integrate your Ledger device with numerous wallets Ledger hardware wallet secures more than 50 software wallets Testimonials “Ledger = peace of mind. I'm sure some of us know that unsettling feeling when you know you need a Ledger but haven't quite organized yourself to get it sorted. If I did it all again, I'd start with having a Ledger.” Janet Onagah @Janet_Oganah "I got hacked in January and lost 1000s worth of NFTs. I felt disgusted, lost, and willing to quit. Until my friend told me he's ordering a Ledger. So, we bought the duo deal. Since then, I've been sleeping." PrimeNic.eth @primenic_eth “I use multiple Ledgers. Different colours = different uses.Public Wallet. Never touch long term storage. Day to day fund holdings. A back up just in case.” winny.eth @winnyeth "I have 3 Ledgers. Hot Wallet: minting/drawings etc. Main wallet: store most NFTs. Vault wallet: cold storage of crypto." 2160 @rekt2160 “I have 5 Ledger total. My personal NFT bag. 1 for testing. And 1 for each of my 3 daughters.” Fanzo 🧢 11.11.22 @iSocialFanz "If I could, I would name my Ledger Hagrid. Cause it's the keeper of my keys." Petrica Butusina @PetricaButusina "My Ledger is already called "Stew". As it is the steward who looks after my crypto & NFTs, so I can sleep at night." Lkmland Crypto 💫 @LkmlandCrypto "Ledger makes cold storage downright easy. My NFTs land infinitely safer and I don’t have to feel as paranoid about connecting to new smart contracts." Matt Oney @MattOney93 FAQ What is a crypto wallet? Thinking about buying crypto or NFTs? You’ll need a crypto wallet. When you create a wallet, two keys are generated: a private one and a public one. The wallet stores your keys and enables you to sign transactions, generate new addresses, initiate transfers, track portfolio balances, manage your crypto, and interact with dApps. Crypto wallets come in many forms, from hardware wallets, like Ledger's, to mobile apps that you can download on your phone or tablet. How do crypto wallets work? When you buy crypto like Bitcoin and Ethereum, you’re issued two keys: one is public and the other is private. The public key can be compared to a bank account number that you can share with third parties to receive crypto without worrying that your assets will be compromised. The private key signs transactions and allows you to send and receive crypto. It's crucial to keep your private keys secure and secret. If anyone has access to them, they will also have access to any crypto assets associated with those keys. A crypto wallet stores your private keys and gives you access to your assets. What are the different types of crypto wallets? There are different types of crypto wallets, each with its own benefits and drawbacks. Hot wallets are connected to the internet and usually convenient to use, however, they are also vulnerable to online attacks. Examples include web-based, mobile, and desktop wallets. Cold wallets keep your private keys offline and out of reach of online threats. Examples include paper and hardware wallets. Wallets can also be categorized as custodial or non-custodial, depending on who holds the private keys. Storing your crypto in a custodial wallet means that a third party controls your private keys and, therefore, your assets. In contrast, non-custodial wallets, like Ledger's, enable you to fully own and control your crypto. Why do I need a hardware wallet? Hot wallets store private keys on systems connected to the internet, which makes them susceptible to online attacks. Keeping your crypto on an exchange also means you have no true ownership or control over it. If the exchange files for bankruptcy or pauses withdrawals, you lose access to your funds. Hardware wallets store your private keys offline, giving you full control and enhanced security. Even if you misplace or lose your hardware wallet, you can get a new one and use your Secret Recovery Phrase to access your assets. How to get a crypto wallet? Ready to get started? Here are the steps for getting your crypto wallet: Get a Ledger hardware wallet. It stores your private keys in a secure, offline environment giving you peace of mind and complete control over your assets. All Ledger crypto wallets are powered by an industry-leading Secure Element chip, together with Ledger's proprietary OS that protects your crypto & NFTs from sophisticated hacks. Pair your Ledger crypto wallet with the Ledger Live app to easily manage your crypto, keep track of your portfolio, and securely access a wide range of dApps and Web3 services. All in one convenient place! Add crypto to your Ledger wallet. Ledger has partnered with leading third-party providers so you can securely buy, swap, stake and grow your crypto through the Ledger Live app. Your crypto will be sent to the safety of your Ledger hardware wallet. What is a crypto wallet? Thinking about buying crypto or NFTs? You’ll need a crypto wallet. When you create a wallet, two keys are generated: a private one and a public one. The wallet stores your keys and enables you to sign transactions, generate new addresses, initiate transfers, track portfolio balances, manage your crypto, and interact with dApps. Crypto wallets come in many forms, from hardware wallets, like Ledger's, to mobile apps that you can download on your phone or tablet. How do crypto wallets work? When you buy crypto like Bitcoin and Ethereum, you’re issued two keys: one is public and the other is private. The public key can be compared to a bank account number that you can share with third parties to receive crypto without worrying that your assets will be compromised. The private key signs transactions and allows you to send and receive crypto. It's crucial to keep your private keys secure and secret. If anyone has access to them, they will also have access to any crypto assets associated with those keys. A crypto wallet stores your private keys and gives you access to your assets. What are the different types of crypto wallets? There are different types of crypto wallets, each with its own benefits and drawbacks. Hot wallets are connected to the internet and usually convenient to use, however, they are also vulnerable to online attacks. Examples include web-based, mobile, and desktop wallets. Cold wallets keep your private keys offline and out of reach of online threats. Examples include paper and hardware wallets. Wallets can also be categorized as custodial or non-custodial, depending on who holds the private keys. Storing your crypto in a custodial wallet means that a third party controls your private keys and, therefore, your assets. In contrast, non-custodial wallets, like Ledger's, enable you to fully own and control your crypto. Why do I need a hardware wallet? Hot wallets store private keys on systems connected to the internet, which makes them susceptible to online attacks. Keeping your crypto on an exchange also means you have no true ownership or control over it. If the exchange files for bankruptcy or pauses withdrawals, you lose access to your funds. Hardware wallets store your private keys offline, giving you full control and enhanced security. Even if you misplace or lose your hardware wallet, you can get a new one and use your Secret Recovery Phrase to access your assets. How to get a crypto wallet? Ready to get started? Here are the steps for getting your crypto wallet: Get a Ledger hardware wallet. It stores your private keys in a secure, offline environment giving you peace of mind and complete control over your assets. All Ledger crypto wallets are powered by an industry-leading Secure Element chip, together with Ledger's proprietary OS that protects your crypto & NFTs from sophisticated hacks. Pair your Ledger crypto wallet with the Ledger Live app to easily manage your crypto, keep track of your portfolio, and securely access a wide range of dApps and Web3 services. All in one convenient place! Add crypto to your Ledger wallet. Ledger has partnered with leading third-party providers so you can securely buy, swap, stake and grow your crypto through the Ledger Live app. Your crypto will be sent to the safety of your Ledger hardware wallet. Discover what security feels like Shop our wallets Stay in touch Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact: [email protected] Subscribe to our newsletter New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox Enter your email Register to newsletter Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in the newsletter. Learn more about how we manage your data and your rights. English العربية 简体中文 Français Deutsch Русский Español 日本語 한국어 Türkçe Português Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS. 1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France Payment methods ProductsLedger Stax Ledger Nano X Ledger Nano S Plus Compare our devices Bundles Accessories All products Downloads Crypto AssetsBitcoin wallet Ethereum wallet Cardano wallet XRP wallet Monero wallet USDT wallet See all assets Crypto ServicesCrypto Prices Buy crypto Staking crypto Swap crypto For BusinessLedger Enterprise Solutions For StartupsFunding from Ledger Cathay Capital For DevelopersThe Developer Portal Get startedStart using your Ledger device Compatible wallets and services How to buy Bitcoin Guide before buying bitcoin Bitcoin Hardware Wallet See alsoSupport Bounty program Resellers Ledger Press Kit Affiliates Status Partners CareersJoin us All jobs AboutOur vision Ledger Academy The company The people Diversity Blog LegalSales Terms and Conditions Website Terms of Use Ledger Live Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Ledger Warranty Disclaimers Other