SAPIENS – Anthropology Magazine New Stories All Stories Podcast Seasons Episodes Anthropology Magazine Subscribe to Newsletter Newsletter Get weekly insights about our world through anthropology. Subscribe + New stories essay / In Flux Excavating the Coexistence of Neanderthals and Modern Humans Rick Schulting An archaeologist explains how remains recently recovered from a cave in present-day Germany suggest that Neanderthals and modern humans populated Europe together for at least 10,000 years. poem / Identities At the Intersection of Sarinah Plaza, Thamrin Street Moh. Faiz Maulana A poet-anthropologist in Indonesia criticizes extremist militants who use religion to commit violence. essay / Viewpoint Among Gun Rights Activists, Fears About Survival Reign Morwari Zafar An anthropologist delves into what the rising ranks of local firearm-touting militias in Virginia reveal about intensifying political polarization in the U.S.—and what these shifts might mean for the 2024 presidential election. essay / Material Culture Replacing Plastic Prayers With Biodegradable Blessings in the Himalayas Kalzang Dorjee Bhutia, Amy Holmes-Tagchungdarpa, Ang Dolma Sherpa, and Pasang Yangjee Sherpa As synthetic prayer flags and scarves pollute the Himalayan region, a team of scholars and activists work to spread sustainable materials drawn from Indigenous knowledge. poem / Reflections 08.03.2019 Sanjna Girish Yechareddy A poet-anthropologist from India recalls a checkpoint encounter in Sri Lanka, just months after the Easter Sunday bombings. Expanding worlds by exploring everything human. Spotlight IN SEARCH OF LOST TIME essay / Field Notes Can Archaeology Dogs Smell Ancient Time? Jill Neimark Researchers show that with proper training, dogs can help scholars discover human and animal remains from bygone centuries. column / Curiosities The Scientific Sorcery of Radiocarbon Dating Stephen E. Nash An archaeologist explains why figuring out an object's age is harder than you think. essay / Counterpoint Misperceiving Life Expectancy in the Deep Past Sharon DeWitte An archaeologist explains that most people do not calculate life expectancy correctly. This leads to misunderstandings. Sapiens activity Open Fellowship Open Newsletter Open Podcast Open Poetry Open Teaching Open Write For Us With the support of a grant from the John Templeton Foundation, the SAPIENS Public Scholars Training Fellowship program guides anthropologists on accessible writing and podcasting for nonacademic audiences. With our newsletter in your inbox every Friday, you’ll be able to stay on top of SAPIENS’ newest stories and get context to learn about what’s happening in the field of anthropology. SAPIENS: A Podcast for Everything Human, the magazine’s podcast, speaks with anthropologists from around the globe to help us uncover what makes us human. Anthropological poems have the potential to transform ways of thinking and being in the world. SAPIENS teaching units offer an opportunity to use the magazine's content in the classroom, alongside additional resources, to enrich the teaching and learning experience. Are you an anthropologist aspiring to make a difference in how people see themselves and their worlds? Fellowship → Newsletter → Podcast → Poetry → Teaching → Write For Us → EXPLORE ANTHROPOLOGY ASK SAPIENS The broad field of anthropology studies “everything human,” focusing on what makes different people human in their own distinctive ways. essay / Ask SAPIENS What Is Cultural Anthropology? Devin Proctor Cultural anthropologists seek to understand the dizzyingly diverse ways people live today, including how they think, act, create, struggle, make meaning, and organize their societies. essay / Ask SAPIENS What Is Anthropological Poetry? Christine Weeber and Justin D. Wright SAPIENS’ poetry editor and inaugural poet-in-residence break down what makes certain poems anthropological and explore how poetry has the potential to transform ways of thinking and being in the world. essay / Ask SAPIENS What Do Archaeologists Do? Peter Nelson and Sara Gonzalez Archaeologists use a wide variety of methods to explore a fascinating range of topics about human history, culture, and behavior. Here’s an overview of the ways archaeologists preserve heritage and how you can work in this field. essay / Ask SAPIENS What Is Linguistic Anthropology? Sonia N. Das Linguistic anthropologists study language in context, revealing how people’s ways of communicating and expressing themselves interact with human culture, history, politics, identity, and much more. Podcast Open Season 6: An eight-part series explores what a famed anthropologist’s controversial research in American Samoa reveals about growing up. Play S6 TRAILER | 3 min | 10 Oct 2023 The Problems With Coming of Age Play S6 E1 | 23 min | 17 Oct 2023 Coming of Age … Today Play S6 E2 | 26 min | 24 Oct 2023 Flapper of the South Seas Play S6 E3 | 28 min | 31 Oct 2023 We Need to Tell Our Own Stories Play S6 E4 | 29 min | 7 Nov 2023 Trashing an American Icon Play S6 E5 | 24 min | 14 Nov 2023 Into the Light Play S6 E6 | 28 min | 28 Nov 2023 Sex, Lies, and Science Wars Play S6 E7 | 30 min | 5 Dec 2023 Weaving Stories: Two Women Speak Play S6 E8 | 30 min | 14 Dec 2023 Can We Understand One Another? Stay connected Find us on Facebook, Instagram, Threads, Twitter, Mastodon, Flipboard Get our Friday newsletter with new stories and more Subscribe All stories essay / Icons What’s Behind the Evolution of Neanderthal Portraits Cindy Hsin-yee Huang Since the 1800s, Neanderthal depictions have evolved not only with changing science but also due to social views. An archaeologist explains why visualizations of our evolutionary cousins matter. essay / Cultural Relativity Finding Footprints Laid at the Dawn of Time Mariana Petry Cabral In the Brazilian Amazon, a university-trained archaeologist and Wajãpi Indigenous people understand traces from the past differently—but their partnership bears fruit for both. poem / Human Rights Expert Witness Reviews Exhibits for Asylum Proceedings, Franco-González Class Member Whitney L. Duncan A poet-anthropologist who has been an expert witness in asylum proceedings for Mexican nationals resists dehumanizing legal and political language to make space for the humanity of asylum-seekers. essay / Wayfinding Reading the Future of an Amazonian Mine Sebastián Vacas-Oleas In Ecuador, Shuar people, an Indigenous group in the region, face increasing threats to their ways of life from industrial mining. But some find strength and courage to resist through knowledge gained by using hallucinogenic plants. poem / Reflections Making Anthropological Poetry Reel Esteban M. Gómez In featuring three SAPIENS poems, students in a digital anthropology seminar infused video reels for Instagram with vivid history and powerful emotions. poem / Wayfinding Between the Lines Josh Yarden A poet-anthropologist in Israel looks to his students and their surroundings, calling for “seekers of peace” to create lifelines across social and geopolitical divides. op-ed / Material World Tools of the Wild: Unveiling the Crafty Side of Nature Michael Haslam and Abigail Desmond Once considered a uniquely human activity, tool use has been spotted across diverse species. It’s time to rethink what tools reveal about their users’ intelligence and evolution. essay / Decoded Taking Cultural Preservation to a New Dimension Stephen Wessels, Benjamin Schoville, Jayne Wilkins, and Sechaba Maape A multidisciplinary team of researchers explains historical, cultural, and ethical issues they considered while developing a 3D scan of a South African site to be shared with the world online. poem / Reflections A Mausoleum of Our Everydays/Nai nsang negu herouki Haidamteu Zeme Newme A humanities and social science doctoral student from Manipur, India, takes readers on a journey through ordinary moments interwoven with violence. essay / Lab Bench Celebrity Status Almost Ruined Ancient DNA Research Cecilia Padilla-Iglesias An evolutionary anthropologist draws lessons from paleogenetic’s journey from Jurassic Park fiction to Nobel Prize reality. poem / Wayfinding Strange Future Ojo Taiye A Nigerian eco-activist and poet wonders what future lies ahead in the face of climate change impacts and resistance to large-scale emission reductions. essay / Expressions Poems of Witness and Possibility: Inside Zones of Conflict Christine Weeber, Ather Zia, and Toiba Naseema Anthropological poems from around the globe speak to people’s creative will, resistance, and resilience—and the significance of our shared humanity. op-ed / Maladies Gene Therapy’s Promise Meets Nigeria’s Sickle Cell Reality Morenike Samuel Breakthrough treatments can now cure sickle cell anemia in the U.S. But the pricey therapies will hardly help in Nigeria, where social changes could do more for millions impacted by the disease. essay / Phenomenon Taking on Parkinson’s Disease—With Boxing Gloves and Punching Bags Julia K. Sloane In a California gym, people living with Parkinson’s practice noncontact boxing to redefine their experience of the disease and maintain a sense of self. op-ed / Crossroads Cómo desaparecen objetos de los museos Jeannette Plummer Sires Tras los presuntos robos en el Museo Británico, una conservadora de museos explica los desafíos de llevar el registro de las colecciones —y las limitaciones legales para devolver material cultural a las comunidades de origen—. poem / Reflections Earlier I Had Nightmares, Now I Have Insomnia Toiba Naseema A Kashmiri poet-anthropologist records the restless despair many feel under Indian occupation. essay / In Flux Tackling the Wreckage of War Jonathan Gardner An archaeologist traces how rubble from World War II bombings helped turn London marshlands into a footballing utopia. interview / Viewpoint How Racism Shapes the U.S. Opioid Epidemic Marlaina Martin Public health officials say opioid use and related deaths have reached a crisis point in the U.S. An interview with anthropologist and psychiatrist Helena Hansen unpacks the racial disparities in how drug addiction is interpreted, portrayed, and treated. poem / Reflections A Long Road Ahead Toiba Naseema SAPIENS’ 2023 poet-in-residence questions where peace of mind can come from for Indian-occupied Kashmir. op-ed / Human Nature What Is “Natural” for Human Sexual Relationships? Rui Diogo A biological and anthropological researcher explains how humans' diverse ways of mating might have evolved. essay / Counterpoint Dismantling the “Man the Hunter” Myth Sarah A. Lacy and Cara Ocobock Two biological anthropologists analyze archaeological and physiological evidence to debunk enduring assumptions about the gendered division of labor in ancient times. poem / Human Rights This Militarization Toiba Naseema A poet-anthropologist conveys her life when she was coming of age under the increasing mobilization of military forces in Indian-occupied Kashmir. poem / Counterpoint Documenting the Kashmir Conflict Through Poetry Toiba Naseema SAPIENS’ 2023 poet-in-residence sketches the history she speaks to in three poems from Indian-occupied Kashmir. essay / Material World Why Shoes Do Not Make the Runner Hannah Borenstein East African runners wearing “super shoes” have outpaced global marathon records. But the shoe fervor—alongside older stereotypes about African runners’ “natural” abilities—means athletes’ hard work often gets sidelined. essay / Kinship Being LGBTQ+ in U.S. Protestant Churches Benjamin Hollenbach As homophobic and transphobic rhetoric sweeps the U.S., some churches are increasingly welcoming LGBTQ+ parishioners who participate in religious life and help reconcile Christianity with a spectrum of sexual and gender identities. essay / Ask SAPIENS Anthropologists on Palestine Amid the war on Gaza and long before, anthropologists have been speaking out against Israel’s occupation of Palestine. Here’s a curated list of their perspectives as scholars and activists. essay / Letters Best of SAPIENS 2023 In another year of exceptional challenges and hardships, anthropologists tackled a range of issues and questions about what it means to be human. Here are some of SAPIENS’ best from this year. op-ed / Crossroads How Museum Items Go Missing Jeannette Plummer Sires After alleged thefts from the British Museum, a curator explains the challenges of keeping track of collections—and the legal limitations on returning cultural material to source communities. essay / Crossroads Treasure Hunters Pose Problems for Archaeologists Hipólito Sanchiz Alvarez de Toledo and Hipólito Sanchiz Alcaraz Two scholars discuss the challenges of accurately studying underwater archaeological heritage—among them, unauthorized acquisitions. photo-essay / Expressions The Vibrant Worlds of Batuan Paintings in Bali Annie Tucker and Robert Lemelson A new multimedia project connects the development of a Balinese regional painting style with anthropologists Margaret Mead and Gregory Bateson, who began commissioning art in the region in the 1930s. essay / Decoded Ancient Pollen Is Hiding in a Surprising Place Lynne Quick A paleoecologist explains what pollen in fossilized mammal urine can reveal about past ecosystems and environmental change. essay / In Flux Dismantling the Walls in Our Heads Kerstin Lange The Berlin Wall fell more than three decades ago—but political, social, and economic divides between East and West Germany continue to reverberate, even among those born after Reunification. Search + - Branch + - Story type + - Tags ↻ Clear Archaeology Biology Culture Language Archaeology Biology Culture Language Column Essay Interview Op-ed Photo Essay Poem Video History Indigenous Environment Identity Health Violence Politics Opinion Relationships Emotions Biology Science More... Race Power Migration Food Evolution Communication Place Economics Ritual Paleolithic Ethics Gender Methods Mind Policy Memory Preservation Disasters War Animals Colonialism Law Heritage Art Death Medicine Hominins Religion Sex Genetics Technology Primates Sports Urban Video Development Activism Museums Climate Change Disease Agriculture Water Media Space Children Labor Crime Kinship Music Conservation Education Disability Clothing Dance ↻ Clear Republish You may republish this article, either online and/or in print, under the Creative Commons CC BY-ND 4.0 license. We ask that you follow these simple guidelines to comply with the requirements of the license. In short, you may not make edits beyond minor stylistic changes, and you must credit the author and note that the article was originally published on SAPIENS. Accompanying photos are not included in any republishing agreement; requests to republish photos must be made directly to the copyright holder. Republish We’re glad you enjoyed the article! Want to republish it? This article is currently copyrighted to SAPIENS and the author. But, we love to spread anthropology around the internet and beyond. Please send your republication request via email to editor•sapiens.org. Accompanying photos are not included in any republishing agreement; requests to republish photos must be made directly to the copyright holder. ←Back to Menu All Articles Podcast Teaching Write Contributors Donate About Staff Contact Newsletter An editorially independent anthropology magazine of the Wenner-Gren Foundation & University of Chicago Press Privacy Policy, Terms of Use