Tree Planting Nonprofit | Arbor Day Foundation ss-standard-playcarbon-dioxide-circle pinterest-circle facebook-circle twitter-circle instagram-circle ss-standard-direct-right ss-standard-cart ss-standard-close ss-standard-exit ss-standard-notebook ss-standard-redirect ss-standard-rows ss-standard-search ss-standard-user delivery-truckarrow-right-line Our Work Trees In Communities Community Forests Community Tree Recovery Alliance for Community Trees Energy-Saving Trees Tree Campus Higher Education Tree Campus K–12 Tree Campus Healthcare Tree City USA Tree Line USA Tree Cities of the World Trees In Forests Reforestation Arbor Day Carbon Rain Forest Rescue Special Projects Phytoremediation Hybrid Hazelnuts View all of our work Get Involved Corporate Partnerships Membership Gift Planning Celebrate Arbor Day About Us Our Impact Annual Report Board & Executive Team Our Commitment to DEI Careers Contact Us Trees Shop for Trees Tree Identification Planting & Care The Power of Trees Choosing a Tree Stories Shop Tree Nursery Trees for Others Arbor Day Coffee Give-A-Tree Cards Apparel More Products Arbor Day Farm Join Donate track order log in search Trees In Communities Community Forests Community Tree Recovery Alliance for Community Trees Energy-Saving Trees Tree Campus Higher Education Tree Campus K–12 Tree Campus Healthcare Tree City USA Tree Line USA Tree Cities of the World Trees In Forests Reforestation Arbor Day Carbon Rain Forest Rescue Special Projects Phytoremediation Hybrid Hazelnuts View all of our work Join Donate Sorry, your browser does note support this video. Reforestation Update Focusing on forests that need trees now The benefits of trees don’t stop at property lines. That’s why we at the Arbor Day Foundation work on both public and private lands. Explore how landowners in the American Southeast are helping us restore longleaf pine ecosystems on their own turf. Learn More More Stories We are the Arbor Day Foundation We’re a global nonprofit inspiring people to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. In the face of a changing world, we’re scaling our efforts to plant 500 million trees by 2027 in areas where they’re needed most. With a strong network of global partners, a science-based approach, and more than 50 years of planting trees all over the world, we know what it takes to make it happen. Help us plant more trees, educate more people, get more hands in the dirt, and support more lives across the globe. Plant Trees Now The Power of Trees Discover the many benefits trees provide in our communities and around the globe. Learn More Our Mission at Work Find out more about our efforts to plant trees where they're needed most. Learn More Take Action Explore all the ways you can make a difference. Learn More Stories from the Ground American Pacific West Climate Community Biodiversity Shielding a Sacred Tribal Food Source With Trees Salmon are inseparable from the culture of Native American tribes of the Pacific Northwest. But they're up against critical challenges impacting both tribal lands and the climate as a whole. Find out how trees play a role in lessening some of these obstacles to their survival. See how trees can help lessen some barriers to the survival of salmon. Science & Technology Our Partners Reforestation Inside a High-Tech Nursery Supporting the Future of Forests In a careful balance of science being led by nature, this high-tech nursery employs cutting edge techniques to grow upwards of 3 million seedlings each year. See how these young trees help National Forests across the American West recover more quickly from natural disasters. Explore a nursery where science is helping grow millions of trees every year. Biodiversity How to Measure Biodiversity Using Trees As a backbone of our ecosystems, the story of trees is inseparable from the story of biodiversity on this planet. With unprecedented biodiversity loss, it’s not enough just to plant trees — learn how we use science to plant them where they’ll have the biggest impact. Learn how science helps us safeguard biodiversity through trees. See All Stories You May Also Be Interested In: Arbor Day 2023 Celebrate the tree planter's holiday. Membership Join today and receive 10 free trees. Corporate Partnerships Make a global impact with trees. Shop Find nursery trees, gifts, and more. Get the Latest News and Info Right in Your Inbox By subscribing, you will receive stories illustrating the power of trees, the latest news and updates, and how we can make a positive impact together. Email Address Are you human? Privacy Policy We inspire people to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. The Arbor Day Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit conservation and education organization. A million members, donors, and partners support our programs to make our world greener and healthier. More about our mission and programs... Info Annual Report Media Blog Careers Action Donate Now Corporate Partnerships Your State Connect Order Status Contact Us Opt Out FAQs About Us 1-888-448-7337 Related Sites Arbor Day Farm Arbor Day Carbon © 2024 Arbor Day Foundation. Privacy policy Cookie Settings