The British Red Cross | Worldwide Humanitarian Charity Skip to main content Menu Search DONATE Search Back Get help Get help Hire a wheelchair Help for refugees Family reunion for refugees Prepare for emergencies Hire a toilet aid Coronavirus Support at home Support line Find missing family Help with loneliness Help for young refugees Help with money problems Get involved Get involved Donate Volunteer Fundraising and events Partner with us Teaching resources Jobs First aid First aid Learn first aid skills Baby and child first aid Do a first aid course Find a first aid venue Teach first aid Download our first aid apps About us About us What we do How we're run What we stand for News, media and research Our history Contact us Shop Shop Find a charity shop Online shop Gift card Donate goods Volunteer in our shops Visit our eBay shop Our ASOS vintage shop Independent living products Books Furniture and electrics Wedding dresses Vintage and designer clothes Stories Stories Health and social care Migration and displacement Disasters and emergencies Our Movement Play video People need us right now, and we need you In an emergency, every second counts and so does every penny. The faster and stronger our response, the more lives we can save. Donate now Play video Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territory appeal We’re on the ground treating casualties and providing lifesaving first aid to all who need it. Help now to provide vital aid What's happening in Gaza? Over 2 million people in Gaza are experiencing a food crisis and without more aid, face the threat of famine. Latest news on Gaza Give help and get help Volunteer with the Red Cross Whatever time, skills and experience you have to give, you can make a difference. Become a volunteer. Make a regular donation Your monthly gift could save lives. Help us support for refugees and other people in crisis, in the UK and abroad. Ukraine crisis: two years on Since the conflict escalated two years ago we've supported over 18 million people, but help is still needed in Ukraine. What we do In the UK See how we support and provide health and social care services in the UK. Around the world See how we help people who are facing hunger, conflict or have to flee their home. Find a bargain or gift, or donate your preloved items Find a charity shop Donate to a charity shop Kindness gifted Buy a charity shop gift card Visit our eBay shop Visit our vintage shop on ASOS Save lives with first aid skills Book a first aid course Learn first aid First aid for a baby who is choking First aid for a child who is choking First aid for someone who is unresponsive and breathing First aid for someone who is unresponsive and not breathing First aid for someone who is having a diabetic emergency Support your wellbeing: useful links Wellbeing support Be kind to yourself: wellbeing activities for children and young people Free education workshops Free kindness activity pack Five ways to improve your wellbeing Building relationships and maintaining connections Let's talk about loneliness Coping with stress Get the help you need Hire a wheelchair Get help at home Help with loneliness Find missing family Help for refugees Prepare for emergencies CONTACT US JOBS SITEMAP CYMRAEG LOGIN Terms and conditions Privacy Cookies Modern slavery statement Accessibility Cookie Settings Facebook TikTok Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn ©2024 British Red Cross The British Red Cross Society, incorporated by Royal Charter 1908, is a charity registered in England and Wales (220949), Scotland (SC037738), Isle of Man (0752) and Jersey (430).