Gagosian Menu Skip to content Gagosian Exhibitions Artists Fairs & Collecting Quarterly News Locations Shop Premieres Follow Subscribe Instagram YouTube Twitter Facebook WeChat Pinterest Artsy Search GAGOSIAN Paris Urs Fischer Beauty Opening March 5 Beverly Hills Jean-Michel Basquiat Made on Market Street Opening March 7 New York Richard Prince Early Photography, 1977–87 Opening March 9 Gagosian Sessions Jason Moran All of No Man’s Land Is Ours Watch Now 1 2 3 4 On View Frank Gehry Ruminations February 8–April 6, 2024 976 Madison Avenue, New York Extended through June 15, 2024 Roy Lichtenstein Bauhaus Stairway Mural September 9, 2023–June 15, 2024 555 West 24th Street, New York Douglas Gordon All I need is a little bit of everything February 1–March 15, 2024 Grosvenor Hill, London Duane Hanson | Damien Hirst February 29–April 3, 2024 Davies Street, London Urs Fischer Beauty March 5–May 25, 2024 rue de Castiglione, Paris Carol Bove The Machine Age February 9–March 24, 2024 Gstaad Simon Hantaï Azzurro February 2–March 30, 2024 Rome Adam McEwen February 2–March 9, 2024 Hong Kong From the Quarterly Previous Slide Next Slide Now availableGagosian Quarterly Spring 2024The Spring 2024 issue of Gagosian Quarterly is now available with a fresh cover design featuring Jean-Michel Basquiat’s Lead Plate with Hole (1984). Stanley Whitney: Vibrations of the DayStanley Whitney invited professor and musician-biographer John Szwed to his studio in Long Island as he prepared for an upcoming survey at the Buffalo AKG Art Museum to discuss the resonances between painting and jazz. Jeff Wall: In the Domain of LikenessThe Fondation Beyeler, Riehen/Basel, has staged a comprehensive Jeff Wall exhibition, now on view until April 21, 2024, including more than fifty works spanning five decades. Here, Barry Schwabsky reflects on the enduring power of and mystery in Wall’s photography. Jean-Michel Basquiat: Los AngelesJean-Michel Basquiat’s sisters, Lisane Basquiat and Jeanine Heriveaux, met with filmmaker Tamra Davis, art dealer Larry Gagosian, and author and curator Fred Hoffman to reflect on their experiences with the artist during the 1980s in Los Angeles. Black Futurity: Lessons in (Art) History to Forge a Path ForwardJon Copes asks, What can Black History Month mean in the year 2024? He looks to a selection of scholars and artists for the answer. Kelsey LuArt historian and curator Olivier Berggruen reflects on his trip to Berlin to see a performance by the multihyphenate Kelsey Lu. Following his experience of that performance, The Lucid, Berggruen caught up with Lu in New York, where they spoke about the visual elements of their work, dreaming, and the necessity of new challenges. The Art of Biography: Mary Gabriel and Carol KinoCarol Kino’s forthcoming biography of Frances McLaughlin-Gill and Kathryn Abbe, the identical twin sisters who blazed new trails in the world of photography—Double Click: Twin Photographers in the Golden Age of Magazines—charts a critical moment in the United States, bringing to the surface questions around aesthetics, technologies, and gender through the arc of the twins’ lives. Here, Kino meets with award-winning biographer Mary Gabriel, whose 2023 publication Madonna: A Rebel Life described the unparalleled significance of the musician’s life and career, to discuss the origins of their most recent projects, as well as the specific considerations that underpin the process of narrating a life. Douglas Gordon: To SingOn the occasion of Douglas Gordon: All I need is a little bit of everything, an exhibition in London, curator Adam Szymczyk recounts his experiences with Gordon’s work across nearly three decades, noting the continuities and evolutions. The Beginning: A Life in ArtDelphine Huisinga and Alison McDonald chart Larry Gagosian’s formative years on the West Coast and contextualize the Los Angeles art scene in the mid-1970s. Nostalgia and ApocalypseIn conjunction with My Anxious Self, the most comprehensive survey of paintings by the late Tetsuya Ishida (1973–2005) to have been staged outside of Japan and the first-ever exhibition of his work in New York, Gagosian hosted a panel discussion. Here, Alexandra Munroe, senior curator at large, Global Arts, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum and Foundation, and Tomiko Yoda, Takashima Professor of Japanese Humanities at Harvard University, delve into the societal context in which Ishida developed his work, in a conversation moderated by exhibition curator Cecilia Alemani. Titus Kaphar and Derek CianfranceTitus Kaphar and director Derek Cianfrance spoke on the opening night of Titus Kaphar Selects, a film program curated by the artist as part of a series copresented by Gagosian and Metrograph in the spring of 2023. The pair discussed their respective practices, including Cianfrance’s film Blue Valentine (2010) and Kaphar’s film Exhibiting Forgiveness, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2024. Mary Weatherford: The Flaying of MarsyasIn conjunction with her exhibition The Flaying of Marsyas at Museo di Palazzo Grimani, Venice, Mary Weatherford discusses the featured paintings, which are directly inspired by Titian’s late, eponymous masterpiece of circa 1570–76 and reflect her enduring fascination with the painting. Events & Announcements Lecture New York Studio School Evening Lecture Series Nathaniel Mary Quinn: Work Ethic and Faith Tuesday, March 12, 2024, 6:30pmNew York Studio Schoolnyss.orgNathaniel Mary Quinn will be a guest speaker at the New York Studio School as part of their Evening Lecture Series, a platform for diverse perspectives and spirited conversations among artists, scholars, students, and the general public. The in-person and online event is free to attend and will include a question-and-answer session.Register Nathaniel Mary Quinn. Photo: Ike Edeani Screening Douglas Gordon Film as Raw Material February 22–March 14, 2024, 6pm on ThursdaysGagosian, Grosvenor Hill, LondonJoin Gagosian for a series of film screenings inside Douglas Gordon’s exhibition All I need is a little bit of everything at the gallery’s Grosvenor Hill location. The show centrally features Pretty much every film and video work from about 1992 until now... (1999–), an ever-growing installation displayed on more than a hundred screens, ranging from traditional TVs to iPads, that brings together nearly all of the artist’s video work from the past three decades. The four films selected for screening have been employed as raw materials in some of Gordon’s most important works and figure prominently in the encyclopedic installation.Register Douglas Gordon, Pretty much every film and video work from about 1992 until now... (1999–), installation view, Gagosian, Grosvenor Hill, London © Studio lost but found/VG Bild-Kunst, Bonn, Germany, 2024. Photo: Lucy Dawkins Screening Albert Oehlen van G Wednesday, March 20, 2024, 6pmCurzon Mayfair, Londonwww.curzon.comJoin Gagosian for a special screening of Albert Oehlen’s van G (2023) in conjunction with the artist’s exhibition of new paintings at Gagosian, Grosvenor Hill, London. A romance, the film depicts the relationship between Vincent van Gogh (played by Ben Becker) and his models, whom he struggled to recruit and pay. Van G additionally provides insight into the artist’s techniques, clearing up some common misunderstandings about them. The screening will be followed by a question-and-answer session with Oehlen. The event is free to attend.Register Albert Oehlen on the set of van G (2023). Photo: Simon Hemmer Screening and Talk Anna Weyant Austin Weyant Friday, March 22, 2024, 6:30pmMetrograph, New Yorkmetrograph.comJoin Anna Weyant and her brother, actor Austin Weyant, for a conversation and screening on the occasion of Anna Weyant Selects, a film program curated by the artist as part of an ongoing series copresented by Gagosian and Metrograph. The pair will introduce the selected films—Lost in Translation (2003), Gone Girl (2014), and Parasite (2019)—which explore power dynamics, complexities, and deceptions in relationships and wider society, as well as discuss the impact film has had on their respective practices. After the talk, Lost in Translation, directed by Sofia Coppola, will be screened.Purchase Tickets Still from Lost in Translation (2003), directed by Sofia Coppola See all Events & Announcements Museum Exhibitions Opening this Week Roy Lichtenstein Zum 100. Geburtstag March 8–July 14, 2024 Albertina, Vienna www.albertina.at Celebrating the hundredth anniversary of the artist’s birth, this comprehensive retrospective, whose English title is Roy Lichtenstein: A Centennial Exhibition, brings together over ninety paintings, sculptures, and prints by Lichtenstein, including early Pop artworks from the 1960s, black-and-white paintings, stylized landscapes in enamel, and a large-scale Brushstroke sculpture. The exhibition was conceived to mark the donation of more than a hundred works by the Lichtenstein Foundation to the Albertina. Roy Lichtenstein, Drowning Girl, 1963, Museum of Modern Art, New York © Estate of Roy Lichtenstein. Photo: Museum of Modern Art, New York Closing this Week Zeng Fanzhi Old and New (Paintings 1988–2023) Through March 8, 2024 Museum of Art Pudong, Shanghai www.museumofartpd.org.cn Zeng Fanzhi: Old and New (Paintings 1988–2023) includes more than sixty paintings from the last thirty-five years, grouped in four interrelated yet distinct sections: “The Early Years,” “Different Paths,” “Painting as Contemplation,” and “Monumentals.” It also features a painting Zeng made on-site at the Museum of Art Pudong, as well as video and sound experiments inspired by the experience of viewing the exhibition, which were carried out by a friend of the artist’s, celebrated film director Er Cheng, and Cheng’s team. Installation view, Zeng Fanzhi: Old and New (Paintings 1988–2023), Museum of Art Pudong, Shanghai, September 27, 2023–March 8, 2024. Artwork © Zeng Fanzhi. Photo: Achen Closing this Week Ellen Gallagher All of No Man’s Land Is Ours Through March 10, 2024 Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam www.stedelijk.nl All of No Man’s Land Is Ours is Ellen Gallagher’s first solo exhibition in Amsterdam. The installation reflects the diversity of the artist’s practice in which painting, cut and carved rubber, crumpled notebook papers, and metal beaten to an airy thinness intertwine in a dynamic relationship. Installation view, Ellen Gallagher: All of No Man’s Land Is Ours, Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, December 2, 2023–March 10, 2024. Artwork © Ellen Gallagher. Photo: Peter Tijhuis Closing this Week Nathaniel Mary Quinn Split Face Through March 11, 2024 Museo Novecento and Museo Stefano Bardini, Florence, Italy www.museonovecento.it Split Face is Nathaniel Mary Quinn’s first monographic exhibition in Italy and is held across two locations in Florence: Museo Novecento and Museo Stefano Bardini. A selection of Quinn’s paintings, many of which have never been seen before, is presented alongside the works of Renaissance artists and twentieth-century masters including Donatello, Luca della Robbia, Felice Casorati, Virgilio Guidi, Carlo Levi, and many others. Nathaniel Mary Quinn, After Pontormo’s Portrait of Alessandro de’ Medici, 2023 © Nathaniel Mary Quinn See all Museum Exhibitions Gagosian Shop More Information About the Gallery About Larry Gagosian Employment Opportunities Legal Cookie Policy Website Accessibility Follow Gagosian Subscribe Instagram YouTube Twitter Facebook WeChat Pinterest Artsy © 2024 Gagosian. All rights reserved.