Home - Alex Denney Expand/collapse navigation HOMEACTING HEADSHOTSRESUMEREELSPROJECTS Pam & Tommy (2022)Nightbear (2013)SCREENSHOTSVOICE-OVER Human ResourcesIMPROV Ask Questions PodcastDub SetHIGH SCOREISLAND LIFE PODCASTMUSIC Original MusicUkulele CoversUkulele TutorialsExtra Edition SongsGalleryLINKSMORE Extra EditionsOther ProjectsPressGraphic Media HOMEACTINGVOICE-OVERIMPROVISLAND LIFE PODCASTMUSICLINKSMORE ALEX DENNEY ALEXDENNEY NEWS: Eight years ago, I was in @laopera's "Pagliacci", where I got to share the stage with something like 100 performers at once! I'm one of the two sailors in white. Also, RIP Evan Clements, one of my fellow supernumeraries, who left us in 2017, whose Facebook memory provided one of these photos. Preview Video: https://fb.watch/mZJqvmZE3x/?mibextid=Nif5oz Watch out for clouds and try to make it to Hawk Heaven when playing "Final Hawk", performed by HIGH SCORE, at The Clubhouse in LA w/ The Chaperones and Old Milk on Jun 23, 2023. This scene is a spiritual pair with the previously posted "Tony Fantasy", from the same show. HIGH SCORE is a video game-themed improv team/collective based in Los Angeles. This show featured: Alex Denney @alexdenney Kyle Ian Fisher Phil Gould Rebecca Shrom Cozi Orlen https://www.youtube.com/shorts/R7ofvpU5AKo An everyday bear-man suddenly finds himself inexplicably popping in and out of existence, anywhere and any-when. And it might not even be the first time... In the summer of 2013, two USC students, Joel Marsh (future camera operator on shows like HBO's "Hacks" and Amazon's "The Consultant) and Juel Taylor (future writer / director of Netflix's "They Cloned Tyrone"), cast me in the title role of their short film, "Nightbear". The four-day shoot took us all over southern California, from inner-city, to lush forest, to barren desert, to bountiful lakeside, capturing some truly cinematic footage. Sadly, the audio of the film was lost shortly after wrapping. Despite intentions to finish the short with entirely rerecorded audio, years began to pass by as each of us moved on in our careers. In 2016, a rough, lower-resolution, incomplete cut of the film was shared with me, and in 2018, I took it upon myself to turn a bug into a feature and made that cut into a silent film, which I named "(Silent)Nightbear". Ten years since we shot "Nightbear", I am finally releasing my silent cut, so at least some version of the project, however imperfect, can exist in the world. I hope you enjoy it! And who knows? Nightbear may yet pop-up again one day. I don't know if he can truly die... "I Melt With You" by Modern English, sung with Casual Encounters on Nov 08, 2022 at Break Room 86. Had a lot of fun as Mr. Stan, in a workplace comedy set at the headquarters of The Conspiracy What Runs the World, by Chris Dole of @ArdenPod! Listen on the @apollopods app or on the Arden main feed - https://open.spotify.com/episode/4DXVZvPGBY9KUyXbbHw3q1?si=BfjVCAa4QZ2q-J-XHVrppw Also starring @michelle_agresti, @ghost_host44, @bennywatts, and Shannon Estabrook! Watch my scene in Hulu's Pam & Tommy, Episode 7, "Destroyer of Worlds", opposite series lead Lily James as sleazy FHM reporter Brad! I'm in the trailer for Episode 7 of Hulu's Pam & Tommy! ABOUT: Alex Denney is an actor, improviser, musician, voiceover artist, writer, podcast host, and radio DJ living in Los Angeles, CA. As an actor, Alex has appeared on TV shows including ABC's “The Rookie”, Korean drama “Heirs (Sangsogjadeul)”, and TLC’s “Sex Sent Me to the ER”, as well as on-stage in The Actors Co-op’s Ovation Award-winning production of the musical “110 in the Shade”, “Bluebeard’s Castle” at LA Opera, and originating the role of Brad in “A Cat Named Mercy” by Josefina Lopez (“Real Women Have Curves”). Alex studied Film and Theater at BYU-Hawaii, and continued scene study in LA under Guy Camilleri at RAW Acting Studio. Alex is a graduate of The Second City Hollywood Conservatory in Short Form Improv and Sketch, and also studied Long Form Improv at Westside Comedy Theater. He is host of improvised talking animal podcast “Island life with Alex Denney”, with over 50 episodes available at www.islandlifepod.com. Alex was certified in Radio Communications at the Chesapeake Center for Science and Technology, and worked professionally as a DJ in the Norfolk, VA market, as well as in Los Angeles at 100.3 The Sound KSWD. Alex has lended his voice to brands such as the NPR One app, Toyota, and Southwest Airlines, as well as scripted projects including The Loyalists and Monster Smash League. Alex sang his first live solo at the age of seven, going on to perform in choirs through college, studying under Michael Belnap in the BYU-H Concert Choir. He also sang and played bass guitar in rock bands since the age of 13. Views of his ukulele performances on YouTube, most notably his cover of “Radioactive” by Imagine Dragons, and his series of songs from “Hamilton: An American Musical”, number in the hundreds of thousands. Some of Alex’s hobbies and skills include swimming, slacklining, ring-flying at Santa Monica Beach Park, video gaming, cooking, yoga, and meditation. Born in New Brunswick, New Jersey and raised in Chesapeake, Virginia, Alex has also lived in Montana, Utah, and Hawaii, and his family now lives in Minot, North Dakota. Contact: Talent Agent - CA: Peter Kallinteris Agency Peter Kallinteris peterkagency.com 310-849-2771 peter@peterkagency.com Talent Agent - HI: Kathy Muller Agency Joy Kam kathymuller.com 808-737-7917 kma@kathymuller.com Talent Agent - Voice: AB2 Talent Andrea Beane ab2talent.com 650-378-1267 andrea@ab2talent.com Direct to Artist: thealexdenney@gmail.com Print | Sitemap © Alex Denney Login Web ViewMobile View Logout | Edit page