Sonobi • Leading the Way in Audience-First Innovations Youtube Facebook Linkedin Instagram JetStream Login Publishers Advertisers CTV/OTT Our Story Life at Sonobi Technology Newsroom Contact Careers Menu Publishers Advertisers CTV/OTT Our Story Life at Sonobi Technology Newsroom Contact Careers Publishers Advertisers CTV/OTT Our Story Newsroom Menu Publishers Advertisers CTV/OTT Our Story Newsroom Menu Contact Life at Sonobi Newsroom Careers Leading the Way in Audience-First Innovations Publishers Turbo Charge Your Earning Potential When you combine programmatic with SPO (Supply Path Optimization) and CTV/OTT, you harness a winning combination that outperforms all other industry solutions. This synergy guarantees you’ll maximize your earnings from your inventory like never before. Double My User Engagement Advertisers Unique Native Functionality Begin forging direct, one-to-one connections with consumers through high-quality publishers using a distinctive blend of programmatic header bidding, SPO (Supply Path Optimization), and CTV/OTT technology. Maximize My Budgets It's a Bird, It's a Plane... Introducing JetStream JetStream is a revolutionary, data-driven, audience forecasting and planning platform that enables brands and DSPs to reach their ideal customers across multiple sites, devices, browsers, and channels. Meet JetStream We're An Open Book The Sonobi Story Sonobi is a team of rockstars that love the work they do. Each of them is positive, collaborative, and driven. Every single day, our team is fundamentally changing the way brands connect with consumers online. Our Story CTV/OTT Advertising Elevate Your Brand’s Growth with Cutting-Edge CTV Targeting Utilize the unmatched potential of Connected TV (CTV) and Over-the-Top (OTT) services to strengthen your brand’s identity and connect with niche audiences in ways previously unimaginable. LET’S GET STARTED Seize the Day Sonobi enables you to take full advantage of the open-web marketplace Schedule a Demo We Keep Good Company Key Partners Previous Next "Sonobi is a trusted partner whose team is highly responsive, communicative, and always helpful." -BidSwitch The Latest Contextual Targeting Resurgence: Navigating the Post-Cookie Era February 26, 2024 In the dynamic landscape of digital advertising, the recent phase-out of cookies has triggered a significant paradigm shift, reshaping how advertisers and publishers engage with Visit Our Newsroom Contact 386.320.5400 inquiries@sonobi.com 444 W. New England Ave. Suite 220, Winter Park, FL 32789 About Sonobi is an independent, consumer-focused, technology company that provides a fair and equitable media marketplace to connect publishers and advertisers directly with their audiences. Members of JetStream Log-In Opt-Out Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For California Residents Do Not Sell My Personal Information Menu JetStream Log-In Opt-Out Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For California Residents Do Not Sell My Personal Information JetStream Log-In Opt-Out Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For California Residents Do Not Sell My Personal Information Menu JetStream Log-In Opt-Out Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For California Residents Do Not Sell My Personal Information © 2024 Sonobi. All rights Reserved. Dominate Your Regional Market With CTV Advertising Request a FREE CTV Analysis & Strategy customized to YOUR BUSINESS! Our team of experts will craft a customized strategy tailored to your unique goals, combining cutting-edge technology with industry-leading insights to optimize your campaigns and maximize your return on investment. Get Started Dominate Your Regional Market With CTV Advertising Request a FREE CTV Analysis & Strategy customized to YOUR BUSINESS! Our team of experts will craft a customized strategy tailored to your unique goals, combining cutting-edge technology with industry-leading insights to optimize your campaigns and maximize your return on investment. Get Started