Making government services easier to find | USAGov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .govA .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPSA lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Español Home Close Search 1-844-USAGOV1 All topics and services About the U.S. and its government Complaints Disability services Disasters and emergencies Education Government benefits Health Housing help Immigration and U.S. citizenship Jobs, labor laws and unemployment Laws and legal issues Military and veterans Money and credit Scams and fraud Small business Taxes Travel Voting and elections Life events About USAGov Menu Call us at 1-844-USAGOV1 Search All topics and services About the U.S. and its government Government benefits Housing help Scams and fraud Taxes Travel Making government services easier to find USA.gov helps you locate and understand government benefits, programs, and information. How do I ... Check my tax refund from the IRS Register to vote Get or renew a passport Find government benefits and financial assistance Jump to all topics and services Life events Discover government benefits and services to help you and your family through every stage of life. Carousel with three slides shown at a time on desktop, two on tablets and one on mobile. Use the Previous and Next buttons to navigate, or the slide number buttons at the end to jump to slides. Facing financial hardship Learn how to apply for government programs to help with food, bills, housing, and more. Having a child and early childhood Find government programs to help during pregnancy and early childhood. Transitioning to adulthood As you enter adulthood, learn about voting, jobs and education, taxes, and more. Approaching retirement Get ready for retirement with planning tools and tips to help you apply for Medicare and Social Security. Recovering from a disaster Find government disaster assistance. Reconnect with loved ones and help survivors. Dealing with the death of a loved one Learn how to report a death to government agencies. Get a death certificate and survivor benefits. All topics and services About the U.S. and its government Find out how to buy property from the U.S. government, learn about American holidays, and more. Complaints File complaints involving government agencies, products and services, travel, housing, and banking. Disability services Find government benefits and programs for people with disabilities and their families. Disasters and emergencies Learn how to get financial assistance and recover from a disaster or emergency. Education Learn about Federal Student Aid and studying in the U.S. Find Head Start and child care programs. Government benefits Find government programs that may help pay for food, housing, health care, and more. Health Find health resources from the government. Housing help Learn about rental and buyer assistance programs. Find emergency housing and avoid eviction. Immigration and U.S. citizenship Learn about U.S. residency, Green Cards, citizenship requirements, and related issues. Jobs, labor laws, and unemployment Get resources for finding a job. Learn about unemployment insurance and important labor laws. Laws and legal issues Learn how to find legal help, replace vital records, get child support enforcement, and more. Military and veterans Learn how to join the military and find benefits and services as a member or veteran. Money and credit Find government grants, loans, and unclaimed money. Learn about taxes. Get credit reports and scores. Scams and fraud Do you want to report a scam? Answer a few questions to learn which government agency can help. Small business Learn how to start your own business, including imports and exports. Taxes Learn about filing federal income tax. Find out how to pay, how to check your refund, and more. Travel Find information on passports. Learn about traveling to, from, and within the U.S. Voting and elections Find answers to common questions about voting in the United States. Top Government information All topics and services Directory of U.S. government agencies and departments Branches of government About us About USAGov Privacy and security policies Accessibility policy Report a website issue Website usage data For federal agencies Partner with us Read our blog For media USAGov Outreach Feature articles Sign up to receive email updates Enter your email Sign up USAGov Contact Center Ask USA.gov a question at 1-844-USAGOV1 (1-844-872-4681) Find us on social media Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram USAGov is the official guide to government information and services