Home - Institute of Development Studies Media centre Jobs Contact Research Research clusters Business, markets & the state Cities Digital & technology Governance Health & nutrition Knowledge, impact & policy Participation, inclusion & social change Power & popular politics Resource politics & environmental change Rural futures Publications Programmes and centres Projects Learn Learn at IDS Considering studying at IDS? Postgraduate degrees MA Development Studies MA Food & Development MA Gender & Development MA Globalisation, Business & Development MA Governance, Development & Public Policy MA Power, Participation & Social Change MSc Climate Change, Development & Policy MA Poverty & Development PhD in Development Studies by Research Learning for Development Specialist Short Courses Facilitated Learning Learning within development programmes Visiting Research Students Events Event series Upcoming events Past events News & opinion News Opinion Media centre Podcast About Vision & strategy Governance Impact Partnerships IDS International Initiatives Equality, diversity and inclusion Visiting Fellowships Scheme Research clusters People Alumni Support IDS Building accessibility Media centre Jobs Contact Search Input Search Search Input Illustration: Mrinalini Godara. Register for our event Understanding gender backlash: Southern perspectives Latest news & opinion News Podcast: African Perspectives on Agroecology 4 March 2024 Opinion International Women’s Day: Palestine and weaponising gender and sexuality Samreen Mushtaq 5 March 2024 See all Upcoming events Upcoming Event Understanding gender backlash: Southern perspectives 7 March 2024 Upcoming Event How is backlash weakening institutional contexts for gender justice globally? 11 March 2024 See all Providing research and knowledge for more equitable and sustainable societies IDS is at the forefront of international development. Working with partners around the world, we are transforming global knowledge to bring about equitable and sustainable societies where everyone, everywhere can live secure, fulfilling lives free from poverty and injustice. Find out more about IDS Our research Latest publications Working Paper Being New Poor in Bangladesh: Coping Strategies, Constraints, and Trajectories IDS Working Paper 601 Recent studies of the Covid-19 pandemic have found that millions in Bangladesh fell into poverty during this time, and they were unable to recover to their pre-pandemic economic position. This study draws on qualitative panel data collected from 39 new-poor households in Khulna, coping with... Sohela Nazneen & 9 others 28 February 2024 Working Paper Effective Social Protection in Conflict: Findings from Sudan Working Paper This paper explores the conflict sensitivity of social protection in Sudan in its various forms since the present war started in April 2023, from locally led mutual aid to the social assistance programming of international agencies. Izzy Birch & 2 others 22 February 2024 Working Paper Social Protection Experiences of and Attitudes Towards New Urban Poor After Covid-19 in Bangladesh IDS Working Paper 600 This paper provides insights into urban residents’ experiences of poverty and the support they received since the Covid-19 pandemic, and derives implications for social protection programming in urban Bangladesh. Keetie Roelen & 10 others 14 February 2024 Report Business Owners’ Perspectives on Running Khaja Ghars, Massage Parlours, Dance Bars, Hostess Bars, and Dohoris in Kathmandu, Nepal CLARISSA Research and Evidence Paper 6 The Child Labour: Action-Research-Innovation in South and South-Eastern Asia (CLARISSA) programme aims to understand the dynamics that are central to running a business in the informal economy of Nepal’s adult entertainment sector, and explore how and why the worst forms of child labour (WFCL)... Elizabeth Hacker & 3 others 8 February 2024 See all Programmes and centres Our research programmes and centres are sustained research enterprises on a specific topic. They typically involve multiple projects and partner organisations. Browse programmes and centres Projects We work on a diverse and exciting array of projects to shape positive change at local, national and global levels. Browse projects Learn at IDS PhD by research Doctoral research is a vital part of IDS. Grow your academic career and make a real difference in bringing about transformative change. Learn more Using Participatory Action Research to Improve Development Practice Learn how to develop your knowledge and skills to bring participatory action research methods into your social change work. Learn more Subscribe to our newsletter Stay up to date with our research, events and postgraduate degrees and short courses by subscribing to our regular e-newsletters. Sign up Contact Subscribe to our newsletter(s) IDS Bulletin Podcast Disclaimer & cookies Privacy statement © 2024 Institute of Development Studies Design and development by Soapbox