The Phoblographer - Bridging Tech and Creative Photography Home Reviews Index Best Gear Inspiration Learn Disclaimer Staff Media Kit Membership Insurance The Phoblographer News Our Sony 55mm f1.8 Lens Review Has an Update03/05/2024 Cameras Special Report: The Sony a9 III Makes Unique Photos of Birds4 Mins read03/05/2024 Many reviews online talk about how the Sony a9 III is great for photographing birds. But those reviews are catered more towards photographers who look and don’t see. That is, they capture, and they don’t create. What’s beautiful about the Sony a9 III is that it’s a camera that lends itself so well to the imagination and can photograph things that even it can’t show you a preview beforehand. So, while staring out at my terrace one day, I was inspired to light it like a painting and photograph birds eating from my feeders in a completely unique way. Continue ReadingShares News How One Camera Liberated My Photography3 Mins read03/05/2024 For many of us, it’s a taboo subject to shoot in auto mode. I mean, we want to surely have creative control over our images so that we can make exactly what we have in our minds. But truth be told, many of us shoot in aperture priority anyway. So why not just go to full auto? That’s the thought process that I had during my yearly staycation at the end of last month. In those two weeks, I felt creatively recharged while channeling some deep grief, sadness, and frustration. It came from my wanting to get back to basics. And one camera really helped me do that much better than any others: the Canon G1x Mk III. Continue ReadingShares Subscribe For Anyone That Wants Character in Their Lenses10 Mins read03/04/2024 “Oh man, am I in love with this lens,” we said in our review. “Want that soft look? You can get it.” This month, the Phoblographer is giving away a beautiful 7Artisans 50mm f1.1 lens in Leica M-mount to one lucky subscriber. It’s overall in pretty great condition and brings with it the patina and … Continue ReadingShares Cameras Special Report: The Sony a9 III Has a Secret Setting You Need to Know About4 Mins read03/04/2024 I’ve truly taken my time to do the Phoblographer’s Sony a9 III review. Others rushed it out — and you can tell. When the Sony a9 III was released, Sony’s marketing didn’t do a good job of visually communicating what this camera could do for strobists. More importantly, it didn’t address how photographers who see instead of look could make great art with it. If you’re wondering about that statement, it’s about creating instead of simply capturing. You’re probably saying that it’s a camera for nature and sports. That statement isn’t wrong, but it’s also the single most revolutionary camera for strobists. But most importantly, this is probably Sony’s best camera for anyone who has a sense of imagination and uses strobes. I tested it photojournalistically at the St. Patrick’s For All Day Parade here in Queens this past weekend. And the camera truly blew me away. Continue ReadingShares News The Curious History of the Lens That Disappeared3 Mins read03/04/2024 Not many brands make a 25mm lens. But Zeiss has made several of them. We’re talking about full-frame 25mm lenses — not those for Micro Four Thirds or APS-C lenses. In fact, Zeiss made several. In our 14 years of reviewing lenses, we’ve tested their 25mm f2 Batis, 25mm f2.4 Loxia, 25mm f2, and 25mm f1.4 Milvus. Truly, it’s a focal length that they decided to commit to. And it made sense — for years, the 25mm f2 Batis was one of the sharpest lenses for the Sony E mount. Why 25mm, though? Why not 24mm? Well, we have a fascinating story. Continue ReadingShares News It’s Official: ISO 51,200 is the New 64003 Mins read03/04/2024 ISO 6400 is a place where photographers often don’t want to or need to go beyond. But the truth is that for many years now, ISO levels beyond that have been good. The Sony a7s was the first to venture into nuclear high ISO levels — though at the cost of a lot of details. Since we reviewed that camera a decade ago, cameras with more megapixels have become more capable at high ISO levels. I remember the insane details that the Leica SL2 pulled out at ISO 6400 yet remained very clean. But these days, we can safely go beyond that if all we’re doing is keeping the images on screens. Continue ReadingShares Photo Deals The Camera Every Film Photographer Will Want1 Min read03/01/2024 I’ve always wanted to get the look of film but digitally and with full-frame cameras. Thankfully, that exists by using Real Time LUTS! The LUMIX S5II and LUMIX S5IIX are both very capable cameras thanks to firmware updates and new additions to the lens lineup that make them worth being called some of the best … Continue ReadingShares Lenses The Best Affordable Telephoto Lenses For Birding Photography8 Mins read03/01/2024 Whether you’ve wanted to click birds at your local park or some fancy winged wonders at foreign conservation reserves, seeing the costs of long telephoto lenses can put you off from wanting to buy them. We’ve rounded up a set of lenses that will make your birding photography options more accessible and affordable for everyone. These won’t be as pricey as some super telephoto primes can be, and the pricing on some of our choices here might be downright surprising to you. Continue ReadingShares Subscribe This Month: Win the Lens That Makes Dreams Come True10 Mins read03/01/2024 This month, the Phoblographer is giving away a beautiful 7Artisans 50mm f1.1 lens in Leica M-mount to one lucky subscriber. It’s overall in pretty great condition and brings with it the patina and aging that makes its beauty shine through. Now, we’re giving it away to one lucky winner! When the Phoblographer’s Membership program was … Continue ReadingShares Subscribe Only a Few Hours Left to Win!10 Mins read02/29/2024 Become a subscriber! The Phoblographer has given away some really cool stuff as part of our membership program. This month, the Phoblographer is giving away a beautiful Nikomat EL camera to one lucky subscriber. It’s overall in pretty great condition and brings with it the patina and aging that makes its beauty shine through. Now, … Continue ReadingShares 1 2 3 … 2,014 Next The Phoblographer © 2023 ——Bridging Tech and Creative Photography Home Our Staff Editorial Policies Media Kit Membership App Debug We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy