Home | Wisconsin Department of Health Services Skip to main content Official website of the State of Wisconsin Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock (LockLocked padlock icon) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu About DHS Acronym Glossary American Rescue Plan Act Funding for Wisconsin Business Opportunities Civil Rights Client Rights Contacts by Service Area Divisions and Offices Employee Information File a Complaint or Report Fraud Forms Library Governor Evers' Proposed 2023-2025 Budget Guidance Documents Library HIPAA Memos Library News Releases Newsletter Library Open Records Requests Our Locations Publications Library Service Areas Statutorily Required Reports Statutory Boards, Committees and Councils Vision, Mission, and Values Vital Records Work at DHS: Career Opportunities Data & Statistics A-Z Listing of Topics Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System Births / Infant Mortality Cancer COVID-19 Deaths Domestic Partnerships Environmental Public Health Tracking Family Health Survey Health Insurance Status HIV Lead Poisoning, Childhood Life Expectancy Local Data Marriages / Divorces Medicaid / BadgerCare Plus Mental Health Statistics Population Estimates PRAMS (Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System) Reporting Data to DHS Sexually Transmitted Diseases Substance Use WISH (Wisconsin Interactive Statistics on Health) Query System Zika Data Diseases & Conditions A-Z Listing of Topics Childhood Communicable Diseases Chronic Disease Prevention COVID-19 Disease Prevention Disease Reporting Fight the Bite Food Poisoning Fungal Infections Illnesses Spread by Animals Illnesses Spread by Mosquitoes Illnesses Spread by Ticks Illnesses Spread by Water Immunizations Invasive Bacteria Mental Health Outbreaks Under Investigation Respiratory Viruses Sexually Transmitted Diseases Skin Infections Substance Use Disorders Health Care & Coverage BadgerCare Plus Care4Kids Consumer Guide to Health Care Crisis Services Do-Not-Resuscitate (DNR) Information End of Life Planning Family Care Family Planning Only Services Find a Health Care Facility or Care Provider Find Affordable Health Insurance Free or Low Cost Clinics Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Immunizations IRIS (Include, Respect, I Self-Direct) Long-Term Care Insurance Partnership (LTCIP) Medicaid in Wisconsin Medicaid Purchase Plan (MAPP) Mental Health Non-Emergency Medical Transportation Organ, Tissue, and Eye Donation Prenatal Care Coordination Prescription Drug Assistance Psychosis, First Episode and Coordinated Specialty Care Services for Children with Delays or Disabilities Substance Use Supplemental Security Income-Related Medicaid Wisconsin Chronic Disease Program (WCDP) Wisconsin Well Woman Program (WWWP) Long-Term Care & Support Adult Protective Services Aging and Disability Resource Centers (ADRCs) Blind and Visually Impaired Client Rights Deaf, Hard of Hearing, and Deaf-Blind Dementia Family Care Find a Health Care Facility or Care Provider IRIS (Include, Respect, I Self-Direct) Medicaid in Wisconsin Music and Memory National Core Indicators Project Services for Children Services for Older Adults Services for People with Developmental/Intellectual Disabilities Services for People with Physical Disabilities Wisconsin Wayfinder: Children's Resource Network Prevention & Healthy Living Adolescent Health Childhood Experiences and Health Chronic Disease Prevention Climate and Health Community Support Programs (CSP) Environmental Health Immunization Individual Placement and Support Injury and Violence Prevention Lead Poisoning Prevention LGBTQ Health Maternal and Child Health Mental Health Nutrition and Food Assistance Nutrition, Physical Activity and Obesity Program Occupational Health Opioids Oral Health Program Peer Services Real Talks: How WI changes the conversation on substance use Refugee Health Program Resilient Wisconsin Small Talks: How WI prevents underage drinking State Health Plan Substance Use Suicide Prevention Supervised Release Tobacco is Changing Tobacco Prevention and Control Partners & Providers Area Administration Aging and Disability Resource Centers State Health Plan: Home Civil Rights Compliance Electronic Visit Verification Eligibility Management Emergency Medical Services ForwardHealth Community Partners Funding Information Grant Enrollment, Application and Reporting System (GEARS) Health Alert Network Health Emergency Preparedness and Response Health IT Program Home and Community-Based Services Waivers Local Public Health Long-Term Care and Support Medicaid State Plan Memos Library Mental Health Services Minority Health Person-Centered Planning Preadmission Screening and Resident Review Primary Care Program Public Health Workforce Development Reimbursement Information Reporting Data to DHS Resources for Legislators Substance Use Services Trauma Care System Tribal Affairs Uniform Fee System WIC Vendor Certification, Licenses & Permits A-Z Listing of Topics Caregiver Programs Environmental Certification, Licenses, and Permits Health and Medical Care Licensing and Certification Mental Health Treatment Programs Plan Review Residential and Community-Based Care Licensing and Certification Substance Use Treatment Programs WIC Vendor Licensing A-Z Index Careers Search Wisconsin Department of Health Services Find a COVID-19 vaccine Stop the spread of COVID-19 Be PreparedMake a plan to keep safe whatever the weather. Is it a safe bet?Learn the signs of compulsive gambling. National Nutrition MonthFamilies stay healthy with WIC. Introducing Wisconsin WayfinderSupporting families of kids with special health care needs and mental health issues. Favorite Searches Careers: We’re currently hiring for medical, professional, and technical positions statewide. Aging and Disability Resource Centers (ADRC) The first stop for accurate, unbiased information related to aging or living with a disability. Emergency Medical Services The mission of the EMS Unit is to ensure that the highest quality of pre-hospital emergency medical care is available statewide. Find an Assisted Living Provider, Nursing Home or Other Health Care Facility Learn more about finding and choosing doctors, dentists, hospitals, and other types of health and residential care providers. Forms Library Find an official form issued by the Department of Health Services. Health Coverage Tax Information Find out if we have a 1095-B form for you and how to request a copy. Mental Health Learn more about Wisconsin's mental health programs, services, and facilities. Open Records Request Learn how to request Department of Health Services public records, as authorized under Wisconsin public records law, Wis. Stat. §§ 19.31-19.39. Power of Attorney Forms Find online forms so you can authorize others to make health decisions on your behalf if you cannot. Publications Library Find an official publication produced by the Department of Health Services. Wisconsin Immunization Registry (WIR) Track immunization dates of Wisconsin children and adults. Wisconsin Vital Records Open by appointment only. Request official birth, death, marriage, divorce, domestic partnership, and termination of domestic partnership certificates, online, or by mail. Popular Programs BadgerCare Plus A health care coverage program for low-income Wisconsin residents including children, pregnant women, and adults. Children's Long-Term Support Waiver Program A program for children with disabilities and their families. Participants get supports and services that help them grow and live their best lives in their home and community. Dementia-Capable Wisconsin Learn about what the Department is doing to help make Wisconsin a safer place for residents with Alzheimer’s disease and other dementias. Family Care A comprehensive and flexible long-term care service system, promoting independence and quality of life, while recognizing the need for support. FoodShare Wisconsin FoodShare is Wisconsin's Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and it helps low-income Wisconsin residents buy food. IRIS A program that lets people 18 years and older who need long-term support manage their own long-term care services. SeniorCare A prescription drug assistance program for Wisconsin residents who are 65 years of age and older and meet program rules. WIC Program WIC provides nutrition education, breastfeeding education and support, supplemental nutritious foods, and referrals to other nutrition services. File a Complaint Caregiver Misconduct - Entity Reporting All entities regulated by the Division of Quality Assurance must submit all caregiver misconduct incident reports, regardless of perpetrator. Client Rights Anyone receiving services for mental illness, a developmental disability, or substance abuse in the state of Wisconsin has specific rights. Complaints Concerning Health or Residential Care Anyone who believes that a caregiver or facility employee has abused or neglected them or a loved one can file a complaint. Discrimination/Civil Rights The Department works to ensure its contractors, grantees, sub-grantees and other providers prohibit discrimination in employment and service delivery. Elder Abuse Every county has an agency that will look into reports of abuse, neglect, financial exploitation and self neglect of an elder (age 60 and older). Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Complaints and Investigations The Wisconsin EMS Office receives and reviews all complaints about EMS personnel, services, and Certified EMS Training Centers. Problems With Health Care Providers, Health Care Facilities, and Health Plans Learn how to file a complaint if you have a problem with a doctor or other health professional and problems with your health plan, among others. Report Public Assistance Fraud You can report any fraudulent use of public assistance dollars through the fraud hotline at 1-877-865-3432 or through the web portal. Report Unsafe Lead or Asbestos Work Notify the Department about unsafe lead or asbestos work in your community. Each report is investigated. Contact UsDepartment of Health Services1 West Wilson StreetMadison, WI 53703Phone: 608-266-1865TTY: 711 or 800-947-3529Hotline phone numbersContacts by service areaOpen records request Career OpportunitiesWe may be the next best step for your career. The work we do helps people all over Wisconsin.We'd love to have you on the team. Find job opportunities near you. News Releases Wisconsin State Health Officer Paula Tran's Statement on CDC Respiratory Virus Guidance DHS Awards Grants from JUUL Settlement Funds to Prevent and Treat Vaping by Youth and Young Adults Feeling Sick? Report it Quick! See All Outbreaks & InvestigationsSee a list of selected outbreaks and investigations with wide impact in Wisconsin Vital RecordsWisconsin Vital RecordsRequest official birth, death, marriage, divorce, domestic partnership, and termination of domestic partnership certificates. Send requests online, by phone, or by U.S. mail. Last revised September 27, 2023 Wisconsin Agencies Careers Public Meeting Notices Disclaimer Website Policies Site Feedback Contact Us Protecting and promoting the health and safety of the people of Wisconsin Connect with DHS LANGUAGE ASSISTANCE English Español (Spanish) Hmoob (Hmong) 繁體中文 (Chinese) Deutsch (German) العربية (Arabic) Русский (Russian) 한국어 (Korean) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) Deitsch (Pennsylvania Dutch) ພາສາລາວ (Laotian) Français (French) Polski (Polish) हिंदी (Hindi) Shqip (Albanian) Tagalog (Tagalog – Filipino) Soomaali (Somali) Back to top