Geography Menu Home Science, Tech, Math Science Math Social Sciences Computer Science Animals & Nature Humanities History & Culture Visual Arts Literature English Geography Philosophy Issues Languages English as a Second Language Spanish French German Italian Japanese Mandarin Russian Resources For Students & Parents For Educators For Adult Learners About Us Search Close Search the site GO Science, Tech, Math Science Math Social Sciences Computer Science Animals & Nature Humanities History & Culture Visual Arts Literature English Geography Philosophy Issues Languages English as a Second Language Spanish French German Italian Japanese Mandarin Russian Resources For Students & Parents For Educators For Adult Learners About Us Contact Us Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Humanities Geography Discover the world with articles, fact sheets, maps and other resources that explore landscapes, peoples, places, and environments both near and far. Humanities Basics Physical Geography Political Geography Population Country Information Key Figures & Milestones Maps Urban Geography View More A Guide to the 7 Wonders of the Ancient World 10 Oldest Cities in the United States Push-Pull Factors in Immigration Culture Hearths and Diffusion Regional Geography Overview An Introduction to Ecotourism Preparing for the Geography Bee Human Geography Overview of the Haber-Bosch Process The Distance Between Degrees of Latitude and Longitude 7 Wonders of the Modern World Carnival Celebrations Worldwide Australia: The Smallest Continent The 5 Themes of Geography A Comprehensive Listing of State Nicknames Countries Using the Euro as Their Currency How Many Continents Are There? Major Rivers That Flow North The New Fifth Ocean Major Lines of Latitude and Longitude on a World Map Longitude Official Listing of Countries by World Region Economic Geography Overview Latitude or Longitude What Does the Term 'Relief' Mean in Geography? What Is Absolute Location, and Can You Find Yours? Top 10 Most Popular Languages Jobs in the Geography Field How Many People Share Your Birthday? Geography and History of Kashmir Global Refugees and Internally Displaced Persons How Are Nautical Miles Measured? Medical Geography The Iditarod Which Hemisphere Are You In? Understanding the Earth's Two North Poles The Geography of Christmas Independence Day for Every Country on Earth How the Tropics Got Their Names The Tallest Building in the World Countries Bordering the Mediterranean Sea Geologic Faults What Is It? What are the Different Kinds? An Overview of Cultural Geography What Is Doubling Time in Geography? Where Do the Prime Meridian and the Equator Intersect? What Is Eurasia? Major Sub-Disciplines of Geography Common Geography Terms: Diffusion Which U.S. States Are Named After Royalty? The Geography of Earth's Equator Planet Earth: Facts You Need to Know Sailing the Panama Canal State Capitals of the Fifty States A Place Name in All 50 States? Geography of the Tropic of Cancer The Four Traditions of Geography Mental Maps Geography Internships Geography Definition Amazon River Basin Countries Important Geographical Journals Why Study Geography? Aswan High Dam Controls the Nile River Interesting Geography Facts More In: Geography Basics Physical Geography Political Geography Population Country Information Key Figures & Milestones Maps Urban Geography View more Home Follow Us Science, Tech, Math Humanities Languages Resources About Us Advertise Careers Privacy Policy Editorial Guidelines Contact Terms of Service ThoughtCo is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family. Please review our updated Terms of Service.