Brookings - Quality. Independence. Impact. Experts Events Research Programs Research & Commentary Newsletters For Media About Us Leadership Careers Our Commitments Our Finances BI Press WashU at Brookings Donate Home Election ’24 U.S. Economy U.S. Economy U.S. Economy Banking & Finance Economic Indicators Federal Fiscal Policy Federal Reserve Labor & Unemployment Regulatory Policy Retirement Social Safety Net State & Local Finance U.S. Trade Policy Explore topic Can income-restricted ADUs expand the affordable housing stock in Los Angeles? Can income-restricted ADUs expand the affordable housing stock in Los Angeles? What is a government shutdown? What is a government shutdown? Hutchins Center Fiscal Impact Measure Hutchins Center Fiscal Impact Measure International Affairs International Affairs International Affairs Democracy, Conflict, & Governance Diplomacy & Multilateralism Foreign Politics & Elections Fragile States Geopolitics Humanitarian & Disaster Assistance Migrants, Refugees & Internally Displaced Persons Trafficking & Illicit Trade U.S. Foreign Policy Explore topic The path forward on Iran and its proxy forces The path forward on Iran and its proxy forces Pakistan’s surprising and marred 2024 election, and what comes next Pakistan’s surprising and marred 2024 election, and what comes next US-China relations and fentanyl and precursor cooperation in 2024 US-China relations and fentanyl and precursor cooperation in 2024 Technology & Information Technology & Information Technology & Information Artificial Intelligence Cryptocurrency Cybersecurity Internet & Telecommunications Media & Journalism Privacy Social Media Space Exploration Technology Policy & Regulation Explore topic How public AI can strengthen democracy How public AI can strengthen democracy Introducing the AI Equity Lab and the path toward more inclusive tech Introducing the AI Equity Lab and the path toward more inclusive tech (Dis)information wars (Dis)information wars Race in Public Policy Race in Public Policy Society & Culture Children & Families Crime, Justice & Safety Demographics & Population Economic Security & Mobility Human Rights & Civil Liberties Immigrants & Immigration Race in Public Policy Religion & Society Social Equity & Inclusion Explore topic Murdered and missing women is the top issue facing Native American communities heading into the 2024 elections Murdered and missing women is the top issue facing Native American communities heading into the 2024 elections Closing the Black employer gap: Insights from the latest data on Black-owned businesses Closing the Black employer gap: Insights from the latest data on Black-owned businesses Empowering Black businesses: From startup to workforce expansion Empowering Black businesses: From startup to workforce expansion Topics Business & Workforce Cities & Communities Climate & Energy Defense & Security Education Global Economy & Development Health Care International Affairs Society & Culture Technology & Information U.S. Economy U.S. Government & Politics Regions Africa Asia & the Pacific Eurasia Europe Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East & North Africa North America Search Home Election ’24 U.S. Economy International Affairs Technology & Information Race in Public Policy All Topics All Regions Experts Events Research Programs About Us Research & Commentary Newsletters Careers For Media Search Immigration policy could determine the next president of the United States Defense & Security Immigration policy could determine the next president of the United States Gabriel R. Sanchez March 4, 2024 Pakistan’s surprising and marred 2024 election, and what comes next Foreign Politics & Elections Pakistan’s surprising and marred 2024 election, and what comes next Madiha Afzal February 29, 2024 How did school board candidates endorsed by Moms for Liberty perform in 2023? K-12 Education How did school board candidates endorsed by Moms for Liberty perform in 2023? Rachel M. Perera, Jon Valant, Nicolas Zerbino, Brock Schultz March 2, 2024 7 steps toward a new paradigm for retirement Retirement 7 steps toward a new paradigm for retirement Ben Harris, Martin Neil Baily February 28, 2024 See more research & commentary The Brookings Institution conducts independent research to improve policy and governance at the local, national, and global levels Our Experts We bring together leading experts in government, academia, and beyond to provide nonpartisan research and analysis on the most important issues in the world. Our Research From deep-dive reports to brief explainers on trending topics, we analyze complicated problems and generate innovative solutions. Our Impact Brookings has been at the forefront of public policy for over 100 years, providing data and insights to inform critical decisions during some of the most important inflection points in recent history. Subscribe to the Brookings Brief Get a daily newsletter with our best research on top issues. Subscribe This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Already a subscriber? Manage your subscriptions Support Our Work Invest in solutions. Drive impact. Donate Our experts shape the public discourse Read the article Read the article In the New York Times, Darrell West explains how technology and democracies under stress create a perfect storm of disinformation. Darrell M. West Senior Fellow - Center for Technology Innovation, Douglas Dillon Chair in Governmental Studies Watch the testimony Watch the testimony Testifying before Congress, Jenny Schuetz lays out how the federal government can support the supply of affordable housing. Jenny Schuetz Senior Fellow - Brookings Metro @jenny_schuetz Read the commentary Read the commentary Writing in Bloomberg, Andre Perry unpacks how U.S. civil rights tools are failing the most polluted Black communities. Andre M. Perry Senior Fellow - Brookings Metro @andreperryedu Read the commentary Read the commentary Is peace between Israelis and Palestinians possible? Natan Sachs explains in Foreign Affairs why it is, and what it will require to get there. Natan Sachs Director - Center for Middle East Policy, Senior Fellow - Foreign Policy, Center for Middle East Policy @natansachs See more experts Attend an event March 05 2024 One year later: Lessons learned from the March 2023 bank failures The Brookings Institution, Washington DC 9:15 am - 11:30 am EST USMCA Forward 2024 launch event Upcoming Event March 06 2024 Global Trade USMCA Forward 2024 launch event The Brookings Institution, Washington DC 12:30 pm - 2:30 pm EST Analyzing the election results of Super Tuesday Upcoming Event March 06 2024 U.S. Government & Politics Analyzing the election results of Super Tuesday Online Only 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm EST Is Europe capable of defending itself? Upcoming Event March 12 2024 Defense & Security Is Europe capable of defending itself? Online Only 9:30 am - 10:30 am EDT See all events More from our programs Building Better: How real estate developers can create more inclusive catalytic development projects Brookings Metro Building Better: How real estate developers can create more inclusive catalytic development projects Ryan Donahue Jennifer S. Vey Tracy Hadden Loh February 29, 2024 Fixing the border: Four reasons the immigration crisis isn’t going away Governance Studies Fixing the border: Four reasons the immigration crisis isn’t going away Elaine Kamarck February 29, 2024 All workers should be able to earn time off: The federal government should guarantee it Economic Studies All workers should be able to earn time off: The federal government should guarantee it Betsey Stevenson February 29, 2024 US-China relations and fentanyl and precursor cooperation in 2024 Foreign Policy US-China relations and fentanyl and precursor cooperation in 2024 Vanda Felbab-Brown February 29, 2024 India eliminates extreme poverty Global Economy and Development India eliminates extreme poverty Surjit S. Bhalla Karan Bhasin March 1, 2024 Learn about our programs Brookings Explains Unpack critical policy issues through fact-based explainers. What is the Child Tax Credit? And how much of it is refundable? What is the Child Tax Credit? And how much of it is refundable? What is a government shutdown? What is a government shutdown? The difference in how the wealthy make money—and pay taxes The difference in how the wealthy make money—and pay taxes Addressing Iran’s evolving threats to US interests Addressing Iran’s evolving threats to US interests Podcasts Listen to informative discussions on important policy challenges. See all podcasts Get the latest from Brookings Sign Up twitter facebooklinkedinyoutubeinstagram The Brookings Institution is a nonprofit organization based in Washington, D.C. Our mission is to conduct in-depth, nonpartisan research to improve policy and governance at local, national, and global levels. Donate Research Programs Governance Studies Economic Studies Foreign Policy Global Economy and Development Brookings Metro About Us Leadership Careers Brookings Institution Press WashU at Brookings Contact Brookings Research & Commentary Experts Events Books Podcasts Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright 2024 The Brookings Institution