Networking Information, News and Tips from TechTarget Networking Search the TechTarget Network Login Register Explore the Network TechTarget Network Unified Communications Mobile Computing Data Center IT Channel Networking Cloud & Data Center Infrastructure Management Mobile & Wireless Network Security More Topics Networking Careers & Certifications Strategy & Planning WAN Other Content News Features Tips Webinars 2023 IT Salary Survey Results More Answers Conference Guides Definitions Opinions Podcasts Quizzes Tech Accelerators Tutorials Videos Sponsored Communities Follow: New & Notable Manage SASE drives network and security team collaboration Get Started How NetOps supports digital transformation NetOps uses automation and intent-based networking tools to streamline digital transformation and ensure accurate and flexible network services. Get Started Classical internet vs. quantum internet: How do they differ? The quantum internet is a hypothetical secure network made of qubits. It differs from the classical internet with its use of quantum principles for enhanced security and computing. Get Started A network compliance checklist for remote work This network compliance checklist for remote work provides best practices on establishing remote policies and procedures, help desk support and data backup, among other steps. News Declining revenues lead to 4,000 job cuts at Cisco A 12% drop in networking revenue contributed to the company's overall revenue decline and its decision to cut 5% of its workforce. Trending Topics Cloud & Data Center Get Started Classical internet vs. quantum internet: How do they differ? The quantum internet is a hypothetical secure network made of qubits. It differs from the classical internet with its use of quantum principles for enhanced security and computing. Mobile & Wireless Get Started Private LTE vs. Wi-Fi: What's the difference? Enterprises have a lot of options when designing networks for specialized uses. Wi-Fi supports high-volume environments, but private LTE also provides important benefits. Infrastructure News Declining revenues lead to 4,000 job cuts at Cisco A 12% drop in networking revenue contributed to the company's overall revenue decline and its decision to cut 5% of its workforce. Management Manage SASE drives network and security team collaboration Successful SASE implementation requires network and security team collaboration. Research from EMA reveals shared responsibilities and multivendor strategies enhance teamwork. Network Security Get Started NetSecOps best practices for network engineers Network engineers increasingly need to align their duties with security, such as implementing continuous monitoring, deploying threat intelligence and collaborating with security. WAN Evaluate Private 5G, NaaS, automation among top networking trends Presentations at ONUG Fall 2023 focused on private 5G, network as a service and network automation, which have all become more important as network complexity intensifies. Topics Covered Cloud and data center networking Mobile and wireless networks Network infrastructure Networking careers and certifications Network management and monitoring Network security Network strategy and planning WAN technologies and services Find Solutions For Your Project Evaluate Classical internet vs. quantum internet: How do they differ? The quantum internet is a hypothetical secure network made of qubits. It differs from the classical internet with its use of quantum principles for enhanced security and computing. NetSecOps best practices for network engineers 4 key SD-WAN trends to watch Hyperscalers use 5G to make an edge play into space View All Evaluate Problem Solve A network compliance checklist for remote work This network compliance checklist for remote work provides best practices on establishing remote policies and procedures, help desk support and data backup, among other steps. How to close the networking skills gap Effective soft skills for network engineers What's the difference between Wi-Fi and the internet? View All Problem Solve Manage SASE drives network and security team collaboration Successful SASE implementation requires network and security team collaboration. Research from EMA reveals shared responsibilities and multivendor strategies enhance teamwork. How NetOps supports digital transformation How ZTNA protects against internal network threats Best practices to install network hardware View All Manage Networking Basics Get Started How NetOps supports digital transformation NetOps uses automation and intent-based networking tools to streamline digital transformation and ensure accurate and flexible network services. Get Started Classical internet vs. quantum internet: How do they differ? The quantum internet is a hypothetical secure network made of qubits. It differs from the classical internet with its use of quantum principles for enhanced security and computing. Get Started A network compliance checklist for remote work This network compliance checklist for remote work provides best practices on establishing remote policies and procedures, help desk support and data backup, among other steps. View All Get Started Sections from across Networking News View All Network infrastructure Declining revenues lead to 4,000 job cuts at Cisco A 12% drop in networking revenue contributed to the company's overall revenue decline and its decision to cut 5% of its workforce. Cloud and data center networking Latest Cisco products show measured approach to AI Cisco has launched a SaaS product for applying policy controls to AI model-bound data and an Nvidia partnership to bolster Cisco UCS servers for AI at the edge and data centers. Network management and monitoring Juniper adds data center networks to Mist AI Juniper's Mist AI update will include using the Marvis virtual network assistant to obtain information on data center cabling, configurations and connectivity issues. Networking Definitions firewall as a service (FWaaS) private 5G NFVi (network functions virtualization infrastructure) network orchestration millimeter wave (mmWave) 5G Evolved Packet Core (EPC) tunneling or port forwarding baseboard management controller (BMC) top-of-rack switching edge device Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) network interface card (NIC) User Datagram Protocol (UDP) Telnet big-endian and little-endian View All Definitions Latest TechTarget resources Unified Communications Mobile Computing Data Center IT Channel Unified Communications 6 workplace benefits of immersive learning with AR and VR AR and VR have the potential to enhance workplace learning programs. Learn how both employees and organizations can benefit from ... Compare the 10 leading UC providers in 2024 Discover the unified communications products best suited for your organization with an in-depth look at specific vendor offerings... Everything Enterprise Connect 2024: News, trends and insights Check out our news and analysis from Enterprise Connect, one of the largest enterprise communications and collaboration ... Mobile Computing How to set up Apple Pay for a business Setting up Apple Pay is a simple process, but IT decision-makers should understand the considerations that come with it and how ... Finding the best mobile hotspot option for remote work Organizations that allow the use of mobile hotspots for remote work must know how personal hotspots and dedicated hotspot devices... How do personal hotspots work for remote work? A personal hotspot can be a valuable element of a remote work strategy, but IT teams must understand how they work and what ... Data Center Guide to lift-and-shift data center migration The lift-and-shift approach moves an app and its data from one environment to another. Understanding the pros and cons can help a... Importance of backup generator power for data centers Data center generators are rarely run; however, they must go through regular testing and maintenance to ensure they work when a ... Use Glances to monitor your data center systems Glances is a real-time, Python-based performance monitor. Administrators with data centers that house multiple OSes should ... ITChannel Digital transformation spending rides on CX, AI Spending on digital transformation could get a increase this year from businesses seeking to improve customer experience and ... Integration of AI, legacy IT opens partner opportunities Core in-house applications running on client-server systems and mainframes are candidates for a generative AI update, according ... Partners: Businesses enlist AI in business model reinvention IT services executives believe the most digitally advanced companies will embark on business model reinvention projects ... About Us Editorial Ethics Policy Meet The Editors Contact Us Advertisers Partner with Us Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Answers Definitions E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2024, TechTarget Privacy Policy Cookie Preferences Cookie Preferences Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Close