National Gallery of Art Skip to Main Content Navigation Menu Admission is always free Open today: 10:00 to 5:00 Directions Play Artle Visit Visit Getting Here Accessibility Tours, Guides & Maps Food & Drink Ice Rink Gallery Shops Visitor Policies Collection Collection Highlights Search the Collection Artists Search Acquisition Highlights Stories Exhibitions Exhibitions Current Special Installations Upcoming On Tour Past Calendar Calendar Films Performances Talks Guided Tours After Hours Fun for Kids Festivals Workshops Learn Learn Teachers Families Teens Adults Learning Resources Music Programs Film Programs Conservation Conservation Projects Publications Resources Research Research The Center Publications Make an Appointment Archives Library NGA Online Editions Support Support Donate Now National Membership Circle Membership Leadership Groups Planned Giving Major Giving Gifts of Art Shop Shop Books Jewelry Apparel & Accessories Kids NGA Custom Prints Play Artle Previous Menu Search Hide Menu Search Celebrating Women’s History Month Discover women art and artists, and their stories. Learn more Open daily 10:00 to 5:00 Plan your visit Admission is always free 6th and Constitution Ave NW Washington, DC 20565 What’s On On View Through March 31, 2024 Dorothea Lange: Seeing People On View Through March 31, 2024 Mark Rothko: Paintings on Paper On View Through May 27, 2024 The Anxious Eye: German Expressionism and Its Legacy Explore the Collection Collection Highlights Look through a list of notable works, personally selected by our curators, to find new insights about the artists and discover interesting details behind their most significant creations. See Highlights Explore What’s on View Browse through the works from our collection on display in the West Building, East Building, and Sculpture Garden. Stories from the Collection Discover inspiration and insights into art, creativity, and our shared humanity. Today’s Tours and Events See all Play Artle Four artworks, one artist to discover. A new puzzle is available daily. Play today Become a National Member Today! Join your National Gallery of Art for as little as $50 and enjoy an array of benefits that bring you closer to the art than ever before. Join today! Shop Best Sellers Gifts for Art Lovers Custom Prints Stay connected Learn more about our exhibitions, news, programs, and special offers. Email Address for National Gallery newsletter subscription About About the National Gallery Stories Press FAQs Contact Us Plan a Visit Getting Here Accessibility Today's Tours Food & Drink Calendar Downloadable Map Get Involved Donate Membership Volunteer Opportunities Shop Online Resources Search the Collection Conservation Library Archives The Center Film Programs Music Programs Audio/Video Open Access Images Hours: 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. daily West Building 6th St and Constitution Ave NW Enter or exit from Constitution Avenue, 4th Street, or 7th Street. The Madison Drive entrance is currently closed. East Building 4th St and Constitution Ave NW Enter and exit from 4th Street. Sculpture Garden 7th St and Constitution Ave NW Enter and exit from 7th Street, Constitution Avenue, or Madison Drive. We are closed on December 25 and January 1. The National Gallery of Art serves the nation by welcoming all people to explore and experience art, creativity, and our shared humanity. Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest YouTube © 2024 National Gallery of Art Notices Terms of Use Privacy Policy