Traditional Diet, Holistic Health and Green Living | Healthy Home Economist Skip to main content Skip to header right navigation Skip to after header navigation Skip to site footer The Healthy Home Economistembrace your right to a lifetime of healthGet PlusMenuHome About My Books Shopping List Archives Log in Get Plus searchSearch siteSubmit search Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Get Plus Log in Home About Subscribe Archives My Books Shopping List Recipes Healthy Living Natural Remedies Green Living Videos Natural Remedies Health Green Living Recipes Videos Subscribe Mother Nature’s Medicine Cabinet 5 Secrets to Supercharged Immunity Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *NameFree Report Recent Posts Long-term Raw Milk Fast Results (18 months and Counting on “The Milk Cure”) 5 Best Uses for Frozen Eggs (after thawing) How to Spot Health Propaganda from Popular Alternative “Influencers” (that seek to confuse and divide you) Are Babies Exposed to mRNA Developing Normally? What We Know Now 10 Health Tests to Do at Home. “DIY Physical” Adult Exemption Letters for ANY Vaccine (I wrote these for anyone to download and use including medical professionals) Sprouted Almond Milk Fermented Rice Milk Recipe Homemade Coconut Milk Beverage View All Popular Posts 5 Fake Health Foods to Never Buy Why Do the Vast Majority of Vegetarians Return to Meat? Top Ten Health Books That Changed My Life View All Books In her first best selling book, Get Your Fats Straight, Sarah quickly identifies how the low-fat movement got its start and the devastating health effects it is having on people in our society today. She beats back the arguments… Read More In Traditional Remedies for Modern Families, Sarah offers practical, natural solutions for a wide variety of common ailments. Most are traditional and have been used for centuries, if not longer, but some are more modern… Read More In Living Green in an Artificial World Sarah gathers together many of her most practical ideas for creating and sustaining a living environment which protects you from the onslaught of toxins which seem to be at every turn in our modern life… Read More About Sarah Pope, MGA Since 2002, Sarah has been a Health and Nutrition Educator dedicated to helping families effectively incorporate the principles of ancestral diets within the modern household. Sarah was awarded Activist of the Year at the International Wise Traditions Conference in 2010. Sarah received a Bachelor of Arts (summa cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa) in Economics from Furman University and a Master’s degree in Government (Financial Management) from the University of Pennsylvania. Mother to three healthy children, blogger, and best-selling author, her work has been covered by USA Today, The New York Times, National Review, ABC, NBC, and many others. Learn More Mother Nature’s Medicine Cabinet 5 Secrets to a Strong Immune System Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *MessageFree Report Natural Remedies Long-term Raw Milk Fast Results (18 months and Counting on “The Milk Cure”) 10 Health Tests to Do at Home. “DIY Physical” Over-The-Counter Eye Drops are Toxic! DIY Eye Drops that Lubricate, Remove Redness, Soothe Allergies View All Health & Wellness 5 Best Uses for Frozen Eggs (after thawing) How to Spot Health Propaganda from Popular Alternative “Influencers” (that seek to confuse and divide you) Are Babies Exposed to mRNA Developing Normally? What We Know Now View All Green Living Chemtrail or Contrail? How to Spot the Difference No Filter Method. How to Remove Chlorine AND Fluoride from Bath Water How to Make a Pollen Patty View All Fitness My Weight-Lifting Routine and Results after One Year (strength, bone mass and stress reduction) Fascia Blaster: When It Helps, When It Harms! How to Clean a Yoga Mat (or remove the slippery film from a new one) View All Videos Probiotic Apricot Butter Recipe (+ VIDEO) How to Soak Corn for Baking and Cooking How to Prepare and Plant Fresh Pumpkin Seeds in the Garden View All The Healthy Home Economist Since 2002, Sarah has been a Health and Nutrition Educator dedicated to helping families effectively incorporate the principles of ancestral diets within the modern household. Read More Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube Check Out My Books Mother Nature’s Medicine Cabinet 5 Secrets to a Strong Immune System Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *EmailFree Report Contact the Healthy Home Economist. The information on this website has not been evaluated by the FDA and is not intended to diagnose, treat, prevent, or cure any disease. By accessing or using this website, you agree to abide by the Terms of Service, Full Disclaimer, Privacy Policy, Affiliate Disclosure, and Comment Policy. Copyright © 2009–2024 · The Healthy Home Economist · All Rights Reserved · Powered by BizBudding Inc.