Apache Ant - Welcome the Apache Ant site Home Projects Apache Ant Welcome License News Security Reports Documentation Manual 1.10.x Manual 1.9.x Related Projects External Tools and Tasks Resources Frequently Asked Questions Wiki Having Problems? Download Binary Distributions Source Distributions Ant Manual Contributing Mailing Lists Git Repositories Subversion Repositories Nightly+Continuous Builds Bug Database Security Sponsorship Thanks Sponsorship Project Management Contributors Apache Ant Mission Project Bylaws Legal Privacy Policy Processes Archive Welcome Apache Ant™ Apache Ant is a Java library and command-line tool whose mission is to drive processes described in build files as targets and extension points dependent upon each other. The main known usage of Ant is the build of Java applications. Ant supplies a number of built-in tasks allowing to compile, assemble, test and run Java applications. Ant can also be used effectively to build non Java applications, for instance C or C++ applications. More generally, Ant can be used to pilot any type of process which can be described in terms of targets and tasks. Ant is written in Java. Users of Ant can develop their own "antlibs" containing Ant tasks and types, and are offered a large number of ready-made commercial or open-source "antlibs". Ant is extremely flexible and does not impose coding conventions or directory layouts to the Java projects which adopt it as a build tool. Software development projects looking for a solution combining build tool and dependency management can use Ant in combination with Apache Ivy. The Apache Ant project is part of the Apache Software Foundation. Apache IvyDE retired Nov 26, 2023 - IvyDE retired The Ant PMC voted to archive the IvyDE subproject. This means that all its resources are removed or made read only and no further development will be done. It also means that, if a community grows, the subproject could be reactivated. Apache Ant 1.10.14 August 20, 2023 - Apache Ant 1.10.14 Released Apache Ant 1.10.14 is now available for download from https://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi. The Apache Ant team currently maintains two lines of development. The 1.9.x releases require Java5 at runtime and 1.10.x requires Java8 at runtime. Both lines are based off of Ant 1.9.7 and the 1.9.x releases are mostly bug fix releases while additional new features are developed for 1.10.x. We recommend using 1.10.x unless you are required to use versions of Java prior to Java8 during the build process. Ant 1.10.14 contains an important change wherein it no longer uses or sets Java SecurityManager when running on Java versions 18 and higher. This should allow projects to build on Java 18 and higher versions. Apache Ivy 2.5.2 August 20, 2023 - Apache Ivy 2.5.2 Released Apache Ivy 2.5.2 is now available for download as source or binary from https://ant.apache.org/ivy/download.cgi. Ivy 2.5.2 is mainly a bug fix release that also fixes a security vulnerability, see security reports for details. Apache AntUnit 1.4.1 Jul 7, 2021 - Apache AntUnit 1.4.1 Released Apache AntUnit 1.4.1 is now available for download as binary or source release. This release fixes the antlib.xml descriptor so that AntUnit can now be used with a user-defined URI rather than having AntUnit's preferred URI hardcoded.. EasyAnt retired Dec 13, 2016 - EasyAnt retired The Ant PMC voted to archive the EasyAnt subproject and all its modules. This means that all its resources are removed or made read only and no further development will be done. It also means that, if a community grows, the subproject could reactivated. Apache IvyDE 2.2.0 November 22, 2013 - Apache IvyDE 2.2.0 Released The Apache IvyDE project is pleased to announce its 2.2.0 release. The Apache IvyDE Eclipse plugin integrates Apache Ivy's dependency management into Eclipse. It lets you manage your dependencies declared in an ivy.xml in your Java Eclipse projects, or any other kind of project which needs dependency management. Apache IvyDE will contribute to the classpath of your Java project or you can make it retrieve your dependencies directly into your project. Last but not least Apache IvyDE offer editors of ivy.xml and ivysettings.xml files with completion. Get some preview here: https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/screenshots.html Major changes in this release The API of IvyDE has been stabilized so that third party plugins can rely on it, while still not complete, and still not advertised as stable in Ivy, support of OSGi has been added, javadoc and source attachement can be edited now one by one, improved stability of the resolve process, improved logging for easier debugging. Compatibility This release is expected to work with every version of Ivy 2.1 or superior. The OSGi features require Ivy 2.3.0 or superior though. This release is considered as stable. The beta of 2.2.0 has been out for a (too) long time. A more detailed release notes can be read there: https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/history/latest-milestone/release-notes.html Download the 2.2.0 release at: https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/download.cgi Or use directly the Apache IvyDE's updatesite: https://downloads.apache.org/ant/ivyde/updatesite Issues should be reported to: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/IVYDE More information can be found on the Apache IvyDE website: https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/ Documentation You can view the documentation for the current release online Comprehensive documentation is included in the source and binary distributions. Get Involved Get Involved Join Mailing Lists Search the Dev Mailing List Search the User Mailing List Copyright © 1999-2022 The Apache Software Foundation, Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. Apache Ant, Apache Ivy, Apache EasyAnt, Ant, Ivy, EasyAnt, Apache, the Apache feather logo, and the Apache Ant project logos are trademarks of The Apache Software Foundation.