Wellcome Sanger Institute Skip to main content Careers | Find us | Contact us About Our Vision Impact Careers Study Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Leadership Strategy and Funding Influencing Policy Research Policies Branding and Logos Admin Groups Campus Connections Science Groups Programmes Collaborations Tools Data Sanger Projects COVID-19 Publications Research Policies Sanger Seminar Series People Leadership Faculty Associate Faculty Honorary Faculty International Fellows Science Staff Non-science Staff Full A-Z Innovation Innovation at the Institute For Industry For Researchers Case Studies Our Spin-Outs Sanger Technologies News We apply and explore genomic technologies at scale to advance understanding of biology and improve health Climate change impacts on gut microbiome explored in new study A new study aims to investigate the role of rising sea levels and salinated drinking water on the gut microbiome and human health in coastal regions of Bangladesh already impacted by climate change. Find out more New microbiome insights could help boost immunotherapy for a range of rare cancers The microbiome can identify those who benefit from combination immunotherapy across multiple different cancers, including rare gynaecological cancers, biliary tract cancers and melanoma. Find out more New screening tool to explore mechanisms behind cancer, autoimmunity and neurodegeneration Mechanisms driving diseases such as cancer, autoimmunity, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's could be uncovered using a new integrated single-cell approach to cellular genetic screening. Find out more Butterfly and moth genomes mostly unchanged despite 250 million years of evolution Comparison of over 200 high-quality butterfly and moth genomes reveals key insights into their biology, evolution and diversification over the last 250 million years, as well as clues for conservation. Find out more Key genes linked to DNA damage and human disease uncovered Scientists unveil 145 genes vital for genome health, and possible strategies to curb progression of human genomic disorders Find out more Wellcome Sanger Institute Sanger Excellence Fellowships 2024 now open We are proud to be launching our Excellence Fellowship, aimed at people from Black heritage backgrounds, for a third time. We are keen to enable Black early career researchers to develop their research experience portfolio and thrive in UK genomics science. We provide training, mentorship and support to drive each Fellow's career forward to support a more diverse pipeline of future talent. Find out more and apply Wellcome Sanger InstituteOur 2022/2023 Highlights documentOur Highlights document showcases the key discoveries and future research interests of our Scientific Programmes. These include vital insights into human, parasite and microbe evolution, cellular growth and activity, and the processes that underlie mutation and tumour formation. In addition, our Tree of Life Programme explores the diversity of complex life. ...moreDownload our interactive highlights document Wellcome Sanger Institute Meet our people: Life at the Sanger Institute We have over 1,200 people at the Sanger Institute, from 70+ nationalities. We know that the success of our Institute depends on our people.Explore what our employees, students, and alumni from across the Institute have to say about what they do, our culture and more. Meet Our People Latest News and Blogs 4 Mar 2024 Climate change impacts on gut microbiome explored in new study A new study aims to investigate the role of rising sea levels and salinated drinking water on the gut microbiome and ... 1 Mar 2024 New microbiome insights could help boost immunotherapy for a range of rare cancers The microbiome can identify those who benefit from combination immunotherapy across multiple different cancers, including rare gynaecological cancers, biliary tract cancers ... 29 Feb 2024 Genomics gets faster, cheaper, and more accurate Four new platforms have been added to one of the world’s largest genome sequencing facilities at the Wellcome Sanger Institute. increasing the speed, capacity and precision of DNA and RNA sequencing. Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridgeshire, CB10 1SA. UK +44 (0)1223 834244 About Legal Data sharing Careers Privacy Equality, Diversity, Inclusion Study Modern Slavery Statement Expand footer Wellcome Sanger Institute, Genome Research Limited (reg no. 2742969) is a charity registered in England with number 1021457 2024 Wellcome Sanger Institute | All rights reserved