Home: Neeraj Studio Neeraj StudioThe Wedding Photography Home About UsStoriesPhoto StoriesCandid Photo StoriesCollege EventDecorationPortrait Shoot25th AnniversaryBaby ShootRing CeremonyVideo StoriesReel Stories OffersContact Us text 1 text 2 text 3 text 3 text 1 text 1 text 1 text 1 text 1 text 1 text 1 EXCELLENCE SINCE 2012 Welcome to Neeraj Studio WE CREATE SOMETHING AWESOMENeeraj Verma is that the founding father of Neeraj Studio started in 2012; he started the photography business to offer the sunshine to the photography industry. As we always goes for the newest and advanced technology from years, because there saying ‘it always one evoked et al. follow’. From time to time Neeraj Studio has upgraded with the newest technology and equipments. Our Services WEDDING Photography is capturing the important moment’s picture. we discover the simplest poses for your photographs. Photography is joyful. PRE-WEDDING Capture the primary memories of a gorgeous new journey, when the to-be husband and wife declare their commitment to every other. CANDID PHOTOGRAPHY We also capture the candid photographs without creating posed appearance. to offer the natural look to your photographs. VIDEOGRAPHY Wedding recordings are truly now wedding movies recounting the story of your big day from arrangement through to the move floor jokes. We are effectively together of the recognized names of the business by giving incomparable quality administrations to Video Shooting. PERSONALIZE PRINTING Personalized t-shirts are an exceptional thanks to construct solidarity for both paintings and satisfaction. If you’re attending a billboard enterprise occasion, you and your colleagues can create an efficient merchandising by carrying matching revealed tops. FRAMING & LAMINATION We stock an outsized sort of finished and unfinished frames which will be customized to fit your photos, photos, certificate or awards. Our framing specialists will assist you select materials to make your best body. CRANE WITH PLASMA SCREEN We provide you the camera crane which enables video camera moments to be smoothly controlled for the shooting of video album and supplying you with the professional touch to the video album. Zip cranes programmers’ in television channels and for special functions. we offer an in depth array zip crane camera stabilizing to our clients. DRONE SHOOTING Drone Photography enable you to utilize totally new plots for taking wedding photographs and understand the craziest thoughts for a photograph session. An ever increasing number of couples request drone for wedding photography services. Drone wedding photography use to capture all angles and side of images during your wedding functions. LED WALL SCREEN We also found out Wall Screen, LED / Plasma to supply your guest Live telecast of the event. So that everyone can enjoy all memorable movements of your priceless function. Neeraj Studio is one of the best service provider for LED WALL SCREEN. Neeraj Studio's Live Streaming Service Neeraj Studio's Live Streaming Service may be a live wedding webcasting and streaming service. Neeraj Studio's Live Streaming Service pictures your wedding proceedings and streams it survive an exclusive wedding website and Facebook. we've two options between our services. you'll choose Neeraj Studio's Live Streaming Service for complete wedding photography, videography and live streaming otherwise you can hire your own photographer/videographer and that we shall do the live wedding streaming. Contact Us Now For Neeraj Studio's Live Streaming Service How it works ? 1 You plan out your special day and contact Neeraj Studio's Live Streaming Service 2 We cover the event and set up live streaming 3 Wedding streamed LIVE on wedding website and Facebook 4 Friends can share your joy viewing online and wishing, commenting in Facebook PROVIDING CLIENTS THE GREAT SERVICES AND PREMIUM QUALITY WE CAPTURE THE MEMORIES WITHIN THE CAMERA OF YOUR SPECIAL MOMENTS WHICH CAN REMAIN WITH YOU. Thanks for filling out the form! We will contact you soon. Oops...! some problem! Enquiry Form Submit Please like share and subscribe our Facebook page Address Neeraj Studio,Near Ambedkar Chatrawas,Siddharth Nagar,Paisar, Ayodhya Road,Barabanki - 225001 Contacts Email: contactus@neerajstudio.com Phone1 : +91 9792952034 Phone2 : +91 8546078959 Feedback Please send us your ideas, bug reports, suggestions! Any feedback would be appreciated. © Copyright 2022 Neeraj Studio - All Rights ReservedDesigned and Hosted By: E - Vision Technocraft Pvt Ltd.