TorrentFreak - News News ▼ Piracy Piracy Research Law and Politics Lawsuits Anti-Piracy Technology Contact Subscribe Publishers Target LibGen Domains, IPFS Gateways, Plus $30m in Piracy Damages Several prominent textbook publishers including Cengage, Macmillan Learning , and Pearson Education, are seeking $30 million in piracy damages from the operators of shadow library, LibGen. Collecting payment from the unknown defendants will be complicated, but the terms of a proposed injunction reveal that the publishers aim to target the site's domain names and proxy services, even third-party IPFS gateways. yesterday by Ernesto Van der Sar Lawsuits China Sentences Pirate Site Operators, Huge Win For Japan’s Anime Industry Three people arrested in China last year for operating major piracy site B9Good have been sentenced by a local court. Foreign companies face significant obstacles… yesterday, 11:30 by Andy Maxwell Stats Top 10 Most Pirated Movies of The Week – 03/04/2024 Every week we take a close look at the most pirated movies on torrent sites. What are pirates downloading? 'Poor Things' tops the chart, followed… yesterday, 00:09 by Ernesto Van der Sar Anti-Piracy Piracy Shield: IP Addresses and Server Locations Blocked Since Launch After dismissing concerns that overblocking needed to be taken more seriously, those behind Italy's Piracy Shield system pressed ahead regardless. After one major overblocking incident… March 3, 2024, 15:44 by Andy Maxwell Piracy In Indonesia, Women Pirate More Music and Movies Than Men Piracy was traditionally seen as something that predominantly young males were interested in. This is a largely outdated representation of reality, as girls and women… March 2, 2024, 22:00 by Ernesto Van der Sar Piracy Piracy Moghul Aniwatch Rebrands to HiAnime The massively popular anime pirate site Aniwatch has a new name. The site, which was known as Zoro.to just a year ago, just rebranded to… March 1, 2024, 18:16 by Ernesto Van der Sar Technology Russia’s ‘VPN Ban’ is Live as Authorities Warn of Bad VPNs & U.S. Spying The latest stage of Russia's crackdown on VPNs and similar technologies went live a few hours ago. Contrary to some reports, today's changes don't amount… March 1, 2024, 11:34 by Andy Maxwell Anti-Piracy YouTube Content ID Copyright Claims Increased 25% in a Year YouTube has released a dedicated website for its copyright transparency report. The latest data show that automated copyright claims remain in favor and are rising… February 29, 2024, 22:28 by Ernesto Van der Sar Anti-Piracy Pirate Sites With Malicious Ads Face Restrictions Under New Initiative The Trustworthy Accountability Group aims to increase trust in the digital advertising industry, in part by limiting pirate sites' access to advertising. A new initiative… February 29, 2024, 11:27 by Andy Maxwell Older Posts Next Sponsors Popular Posts Which VPN Providers Really Take Privacy Seriously? Iconic Torrent Site RARBG Shuts Down, All Content Releases Stop ‘U.S. Authorities Seize Z-Library Domain Names’ House of The Dragon Season Finale Leaks Early on Pirate Sites US Court Orders Every ISP in the United States to Block Illegal Streaming Sites From 2 Years ago… Tarantino’s NFT Auction Goes Ahead Despite Miramax Copyright Lawsuit Meet the Guy Behind the Libgen Torrent Seeding Movement Internet Censors Came For TorrentFreak & Now I’m Really Mad TorrentFreak Stats 14878 Breaking news stories 179k Social media followers 19.9k RSS subscribers Copyright · Privacy Policy · VPN Providers · About TorrentFreak