The Pantagraph | Breaking News | | Read Bloomington, IL and Illinois breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Illinois sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 47° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State Politics Business Nation & World Education News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Cartoons Sports High School College Scores Professional Betting Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Local Milestones Submit a Milestone Arts and Theatre Limited Movies & TV Music TV Book Comics Games Columns Contests and Promotions Play Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Our Publications Woodford County Journal Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Shop Local I Love A Deal Bloomington Public Notice Woodford Public Notice Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Sports Opinion Life & Entertainment Jobs 47° Cloudy Live Watch and get live Super Tuesday updates and results from primaries and caucuses around the nation Keith Urban headed for Illinois State Fair Aug. 9 Country singer Keith Urban will headline the Illinois State Fair Grandstand on Friday, Aug. 9, with special guest MacKenzie Porter. Normal Community routs Downers Grove North to advance to 4A State Tournament The Ironmen are headed to state for the first time since 2015. Cats come to Bloomington for 'all-breed' show A clowder of cats and cat fanciers converged this weekend in the Twin Cities. Event runners said 112 cats were submitted for judging at the Illini Cat Club's All-Breed show. Normal council adopts budget, increases water rates Normal officials adopted a budget with a conservative approach and strong reserve funds while approving a 2% annual rate increase to water and sewer systems. Flick Fact: The B-N streets named after State Farm CEOs? Let's test your knowledge with today's quiz from Bill Flick. Police video shows fatal shooting on I-55 near Lexington Body camera footage released Monday captured the chaotic moments before state police fatally shot a 37-year-old man in an exchange of gunfire on Interstate 55 near Lexington. On Stage: ISU’s 'In Pieces: A New Musical' exuberantly surveys tricky road to love “In Pieces: A New Musical” runs through Thursday, March 7, at ISU's Center for the Performing Arts. Read John D. Poling's review here: Trump remains on Illinois primary ballot following Supreme Court ruling Illinois Republican Party Chairman Don Tracy called the decision a "victory for the voters," while Gov. J.B. Pritzker expressed confidence that Democrats would "beat (Trump) at the ballot box." Soybean market keeping close watch on South America What's going on with the soybean harvest in Brazil, and how could it affect U.S. farmers? One expert weighs in. Square dancing sees resurgence in some parts of the U.S. Emerging from the isolation that characterized the COVID-19 pandemic, some people sought out a new hobby steeped in community: square dancing. Flick Fact: The well-known Bloomington street that used to go MUCH farther? Let's test your knowledge with today's quiz from Bill Flick. Downstate congressional race highlights GOP’s move to the right The southern Illinois congressional race between Darren Bailey and Mike Bost represents the evolution of Republican conservativism in Illinois and across the nation, experts say. Flying Horse: My favorite book, movie or TV show Each week, "Flying Horse" features dozens of Central Illinois children's thoughts and drawings on various topics. This week: My favorite book, movie or TV show Looking for art, culture? See the latest Central Illinois exhibits 🎨 Check out the latest exhibits and events Central Illinois museums, galleries and historic sites have to offer. Who will be ISU's next president? Search committee, board to meet Tuesday ICYMI, here's a review of all candidates vying to be Illinois State University's next president. Read for a recap on what finalists were asked, and community members' top picks. See the latest McLean County building permits Who's building what, and for how much? See the latest local building permits. Flick Fact: The little-known fact about two east-side Bloomington streets? Let's test your knowledge with today's quiz from Bill Flick. Flick: Use pot money to fill potholes? "Our latest edition of 'Why’s Guy,' inspired by the readers and our own curiosity," Bill Flick writes. Latest marriage licenses for Bloomington-Normal area Congratulations to those tying the knot! 💍 Bloomington house fire displaces 3 residents Officials said it was caused by "improper discarding of smoking materials." Green thumbs share knowledge, sell wares at Home, Lawn and Garden Day in Bloomington Green thumbs gathered Saturday to garner knowledge on gardening. 'America's Best Restaurants' to feature Busy Corner in Goodfield The show will be filming at the restaurant Wednesday, March 13, with a premiere date to be announced later. Jaheem Webber's buzzer-beating dunk sends Normal Community to 4A super-sectional The Ironmen next play Monday at Illinois State's CEFCU Arena. Flick Fact: Where was Bloomington-Normal's first electric stoplight? Let's test your knowledge with today's quiz from Bill Flick. Moore: Rank-and-file lawmakers skeptical of public funding for White Sox White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf wants public funding for a new ballpark. But his pitch to lawmakers has been no home run so far, writes statehouse reporter Brenden Moore. Flick: Three Dog Night brings joy to BCPA (and the world) 🎵 Did you catch Three Dog Night at BCPA? Columnist Bill Flick reflects on the "a bit weird, if not awakening" experience of seeing a high school favorite. Rich Miller: Pension labyrinth still confounds Illinois Come will look at all this and say that it’s just a fancy way to reamortize the pension debt (“kicking the can”) without actually saying so. ISU, Graduate Workers Union reach contract deal The contract includes an increase in teaching stipends for both master's and doctoral student teachers and reduces the cost of fees that graduate students have to pay. Bloomington man found guilty of 2023 murder of Kiejoun Watts A sentencing hearing was scheduled for 1:30 p.m. May 2. Pritzker plan to repeal grocery tax would mean less funding for services, Central Illinois city leaders say While Pritzker said earlier this week that he won’t back down, many city leaders across Central Illinois say they will oppose the change because of harmful effects to their budgets. Recommended For You Normal Community routs Downers Grove North to advance to 4A State Tournament Police video shows fatal shooting on I-55 near Lexington Funerals today for March 4 The Latest Bloomington man detained on cocaine delivery, possession charges Police said the man was carrying just under 20 grams of cocaine when he was arrested. Bloomington man charged with cocaine delivery A 24-year-old man has been released from police custody Monday on cocaine delivery charges in McLean County. Sponsored Here’s one cancer that can be beat with early detection Sponsored content. Colon cancer is a leading cause of cancer deaths but can be prevented. Newly listed homes for sale in the Central Illinois area Browse through recently listed homes in the Central Illinois real estate market and find your next home! Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Ryan Pedon discusses MVC Tournament Video: Chi Family Express is this week's pick for Eats of the Week Dave Witzig on NCHS' tough schedule Mt. Zion celebrates super sectional victory Sports Chicago Hope ends Heyworth boys basketball's season in 1A super-sectional Heyworth got hot in the second half of the season to advance to 1A's Elite Eight. Big Ten title still in play for Illinois with win against Purdue Illinois’ play for a share of the Big Ten title is a long shot, but possible. The Illini would have to beat Purdue. Mt. Zion earns place in Final Four after late comeback JC Anderson had nine of the game's final 11 points while the Braves ensured a record season would end at the State Farm Center at state. Arcola boys basketball's season was one of its best in decades Arcola fell short in the sectional title game, ending a season where it tied the program record of 27 wins. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Mike Campbell and The Dirty Knobs to perform in Bloomington Guitarist Mike Campbell, from Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers and Fleetwood Mac, and his band The Dirty Knobs will perform at the Bloomington Center for the Performing Arts this summer. Man seeks to commemorate moment Bessie Smith and fans chased off the KKK in North Carolina A North Carolina resident is working to make sure music legend Bessie Smith is forever remembered for a moment of bravery against the KKK that occurred almost 100 years ago. Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Here’s one cancer that can be beat with early detection Sponsored content. Colon cancer is a leading cause of cancer deaths but can be prevented. Sponsored Attention all mothers interested in winning a day of celebration at the Four Seasons, Chicago or a gift basket! Content by Jewel-Osco. Jewel-Osco, in collaboration with Huggies, is presenting an extraordinary MOMentous Event to honor mothers during the week of Mother’s Day. Sponsored Too little sleep and untreated sleep problems are linked to heart disease Content by Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois. Learn why lack of sleep is linked to heart disease. Sponsored 16 best sites to buy Instagram followers 2024 Provided content. Learn about the top sites for buying Instagram followers. Opinion Los Angeles Times: Californians knead answers. Did Panera Bread get an exemption from $20 minimum wage law? Even before California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed the landmark law in September that would increase the minimum wage for fast-food workers to $20 per hour starting in April, eyebrows were raised over the so-called Panera exemption. Cynthia M. Allen: When we develop technology without morality, we get the Alabama in-vitro ruling I spent days reading coverage of the recent Alabama Supreme Court ruling that recognized extrauterine embyros as children. Veterans Corner: VA burial allowance, Vietnam compensation, vehicle and aircraft fuel use A weekly column for veterans and their families. State legislators to consider IVF bill following Alabama ruling The bill introduced by state Sen. Jack Martins aims to protect Invitro Fertilization procedures from legal challenges. Local Businesses Custom Air Company 113 S Harrison St, Goodfield, IL 61742 Lifts of Illinois, Inc 415 W Front St PO Box 289, Roanoke, IL 61561 Eureka Presbyterian P.O. Box 6, Eureka, IL 61530 Print Ads Education ISU Human Resources - Ad from 2024-03-03 Home LEAF GUARD CORPORATE - Ad from 2024-03-03 Bar DR McKays - Ad from 2024-03-03 Accountant Dennis Kagel Financial Svc - Ad from 2024-03-03 Home HDR INC. - Ad from 2024-02-29 Home Safe Step Tub - Ad from 2024-03-03 Construction Pontiac Granite Co - Ad from 2024-03-03 Service COMMUNITY PLAYERS THEATRE - Ad from 2024-03-03 Transportation Peoria Charter Coach - Ad from 2024-03-03 Education ISU Human Resources - Ad from 2024-03-03 × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Subscribe to The Pantagraph Contact Us / Subscriber Services Activate Your Digital Sites & Partners Home Market The Limited Newspaper Archives Woodford County Journal Online Features Services Pay Your Bill E-edition Advertise With Us Work here Submit an Event Submit Your Milestone (Announcement) Submit a Business Achievement Become a Carrier Dealer Returns © Copyright 2024 The Pantagraph, 205 N. Main St. Bloomington, IL 61701 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe