Apache Logging Services Apache Logging Services™ About Guidelines Charter Team Support & Help Retirement Processes Wiki What is logging? Projects Apache Log4j® Apache Log4j® Kotlin Apache Log4j® Scala Apache log4cxx Apache Chainsaw Apache Log4j® Audit Apache Flume Apache Log4Net Dormant Apache Log4j® 1 Apache Log4j® 1 Extras Apache log4php Blog Security Handling Security Known Vulnerabilities Activity Monitor XML Schemas Apache Home Sponsorship License Thanks Current Events Security Privacy Apache Logging Services The Apache Logging Services project creates and maintains open-source software related to the logging of application behavior and released at no charge to the public. 18 Dec 2023 Celebrating Two Decades of Innovation with Apache Log4j Logging Frameworks Apache Log4j® A versatile, industrial-grade Java logging framework composed of an API, its implementation, and components to assist the deployment for various use cases. Project site » Apache Log4j® Kotlin A Kotlin-friendly interface to log against the Log4j® API. Project site » Apache Log4j® Scala A Scala-friendly interface to log against the Log4j® API. Project site » Apache log4cxx A logging framework for C++ patterned after Log4j®. Project site » Apache Log4Net A port of the Log4j® to the Microsoft .NET runtime. Project site » Advanced Log Processing Apache Chainsaw A GUI-based log viewer intended as a companion to Log4j®. Project site » Apache Log4j® Audit Audit logging framework built upon Apache Log4j®. Project site » Apache Flume Distributed, reliable, and available service for efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log data. Project site » Others Dormant Projects Logging Services projects that are no longer actively maintained. See dormant projects » Copyright © 2017-2024 The Apache Software Foundation. Licensed under the Apache Software License, Version 2.0 Please read our privacy policy. Apache, Chainsaw, log4cxx, Log4j, Log4net, log4php and the Apache feather logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of The Apache Software Foundation. Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.