Trade Used Books with PaperBack Swap (the world's largest Book Club) We see that javascript is disabled or not supported by your browser - javascript is needed for important actions on the site. Read more Skip to main content What's New - Home - Login Member $avings: $81,476,965.96 | Books Available: 814,824 | Members Online: 269 Swap Used Books - Buy New Books at Great Prices! How To Swap Books Sign Up Search All Books PBS Market (New Books) Gift Buying Guide Book Browser Advanced Search Books Posted Today Member Book Reviews Award Winning Books NYT Best Sellers Amazon Best Sellers Most Traveled Copies Club Wish List Login Community Discussion Forums Book Lists Club Lists My Book Lists My Watched Lists Create a List Blog Donations School Donation Program In Memory of... Military Donation Program Friends of PBS Box-O-Books Maps The Eclectic Pen Fun Stuff 20 Questions Sudoku Bookmark Creator Top 100 Wishes Requests Posts Swappers Referrers Reviewers Pulse of PBS Spread The Word Invite Friends Bookmarks Facebook Page Facebook App More Ways... Photo Gallery Recipes Club Tag Cloud Member Testimonials Help Center How To Swap Books Browse Help Docs Ask the Librarian PBS Member Icons Live Help Kiosk PBS Market (New Books) Go Shopping Buy Credits Buy PBS Money Upgrade Membership Gift Certificates Transfer Credits Need Help? Visit the Help Center - Close X How to Swap Books Sign Up Login Community Help Center Kiosk Join in 2 Easy Steps! Members - Log in Members Log in Here Email / Nickname: Password: Remember Me Not a Member Yet? Register! Trade Books with Our Online Book Swapping Club... It's easy: List books you'd like to swap with other club members. Once a book is requested, mail it to the club member. In return, you may choose from 814,824 available books! You pay postage for the books you send out; the books you receive come to you postage-paid. Books you request are yours to keep, or swap again! We're NOT just Paperback Books! Enjoy trading Hardbacks, Audio Books, Textbooks and more. Book Browser Posted Today Club Book Lists Learn how to swap books... Browse Selections... Recently Posted Books Recently Swapped Books Highly Rated Books Available Audio Books Arts & Photography Computers & Technology History Literature & Fiction Parenting & Relationships Science Fiction & Fantasy Biographies & Memoirs Cookbooks, Food & Wine Horror Medicine Reference Sports & Outdoors Business & Money Crafts, Hobbies & Home Humor & Entertainment Mystery, Thriller & Su... Religion & Spirituality Teen & Young Adult Children's Books Engineering & Transpor... Law Nonfiction Romance Travel Comics & Graphic Novels Health, Fitness & Dieting Libros en Espanol Outdoors & Nature Science & Math Westerns Books Available for Swapping Find more Buy New Books (See over 92,000 titles!) Market Search: 92,000+ Super Sellers Friends Richard P. 123 Books Hi - my name is Richard Pickering and I'm the Founder of PaperBackSwap. I have two kids and reside in Atlanta, Georgia. I came up with the idea for PaperBackSwap because of all the traveling that I used to do for business. I found that there was no easy way... It's easy to make friends at PaperBackSwap! When you've added members to your Friends list, you can see if they're online, browse their Bookshelves, and more! Learn more about using the Friends page. Find out ways to add friends. Discover Member Testimonials Love Paperback Swap;--just mailed three books for less than $9.00--you can't even buy a paperback book for that price. Geri B Geri B. (New Hampton, IA) I have been requesting books to be sent to a residential facility for troubled teens. So many members have offered to send additional books (and supplies) to a teacher who has nothing in her classroom. Literally no books!!!! The teacher told me that one of her students expressed frustration that they don't have any physical books - they were reading "Night" by Wiesel sharing the teacher's reader and whatever she could print out. Both the teacher and the students will be so grateful for the books. I have been so moved by the kindness and generosity of my fellow PBS members. Everybody is so amazing! I truly believe that these students, who have had such difficult lives and face such difficult challenges, will feel the effects of strangers wanting to give to them and so much positive energy coming their way. Thank you PBS for facilitating such a wonderful experience and thank you for everyone who has offered to help. The teacher and I truly appreciate it. Jill S. (East Hampton, CT) More Testimonials - Leave Your Own Printable Postage Save by printing exact postage from your computer. Why drive to the Post Office just to wait in line? Mail books easily from your home. No fussing with postage stamps. Get instant credit when you mark books mailed! Earn a Free Swap each time you send books withPrintable Postage! Not to mention all the money you'll save on books! Sponsored Content individually selected by The PaperbackSwap Team (Commission may be earned) Solar Eclipse Glasses VitaCup Ground Coffee The Coworker Women's Hair Growth Vitamins Boutique Luxury Chain Belt Bag Zugu Case for iPad Pumpkin for Dogs Tumbler Lid Organizer NASA Grade Insoles Want fewer ads? My Account Post Books Wish List Bookshelf Member Tools Under the Hood Newsletter Archive Search for a Book Browse My Favorite Genres Advanced Book Search Book Browser Club Tag Cloud NYT Best Sellers Amazon Best Sellers Newbery Medal Winners Pulitzer Prize Winners Books Posted Today Award Winning Books Mobile / Smart Phone Help Center How to Swap Books Ask the Librarian Live Help Browser Test Feature List Amazon Search Community Invite Friends Widgets & APIs Feeds RSS/XML Box-O-Books Discussion Forums Blog Facebook Twitter Company Press & Media Pulse of PBS Contact Us Careers Privacy & Security Sister Sites SwapaDVD.com SwapaCD.com Back to the Top ↑ By using this Web site, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the Terms of Use. As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases. US Patent Number 7,877,315 | Copyright © 2004 - 2024 PaperBackSwap.com. All Rights Reserved. Loading... Thank you for your patience