PhRMA Org | PhRMA Modal Container (Shows only in EE)Modal ID: #cookie-management-modalOpen Modal Close Modal Manage My Cookies×Your privacy is important to us. Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies and other tracking technologies for a variety of purposes and to enhance your online experience on our website. You can change your preferences and decline certain types of cookies to be stored on your computer while browsing our website. You can also remove any cookies already stored on your computer, but keep in mind that deleting cookies may prevent you from using parts of our website. You can check our privacy policy page for more information. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our website and to enable you to use certain features of our website. Without these cookies, we cannot provide you certain services on our website; as a result these cookies do not require your consent.Advertisement Cookies These cookies are used to show advertising that is likely to be of interest to you based on your browsing habits. These cookies, as served by our content and/or advertising providers, may combine information they collected from our website with other information they have independently collected relating to your web browser's activities across their network of websites.Functionality Cookies These cookies are used to provide you with a more personalized experience on our website and to remember choices you make when you use our website. For example, we may use functionality cookies to remember your language preferences or remember your login details.Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to collect information to analyze the traffic to our website and how visitors are using our website. For example, these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the website or the pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve our website site for you.Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our website and to enable you to use certain features of our website. Without these cookies, we cannot provide you certain services on our website; as a result these cookies do not require your consent.Advertisement Cookies These cookies are used to show advertising that is likely to be of interest to you based on your browsing habits. These cookies, as served by our content and/or advertising providers, may combine information they collected from our website with other information they have independently collected relating to your web browser's activities across their network of websites.Functionality Cookies These cookies are used to provide you with a more personalized experience on our website and to remember choices you make when you use our website. For example, we may use functionality cookies to remember your language preferences or remember your login details.Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to collect information to analyze the traffic to our website and how visitors are using our website. For example, these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the website or the pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve our website site for you. Decline AllSave Preferences Skip to main content About Policy Issues Scientific Innovation Patient Support News Resources Blog Sites MAT.org PhRMA.org VotersforCures.org Exit Search Exit Search About Policy Issues Scientific Innovation Patient Support News Resources Blog Sites MAT.org PhRMA.org VotersforCures.org Search in PhRMA Search All News Resources Blogs Search Building a Better Health Care SystemWe’re working to drive patient-centered progress in innovation, affordability and access to life saving prescription medicines. We believe there’s a better way to approach health care in the United States.Find a better wayEdit Graphic Image Here: Edit Link: Scientific InnovationA Strong Innovation EcosystemBiopharmaceutical scientific discovery is key to developing new treatments that help improve patients’ health and save lives. Edit Link: Access to MedicinesReducing Health Care CostsBreakthrough science is transforming patient care, but this is meaningless if patients can't afford the out-of-pocket costs for their medicines. Edit Link: EquityAccess and Equity InitiativesThe biopharmaceutical industry is committed to driving real change and improving health outcomes for patients in underserved communities. Edit Link: Addressing Misaligned IncentivesPolicy solutions must look across the entire health care system, as more than half of every dollar spent on brand medicines goes to middlemen. Stay Connected Share Members Site Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America® 670 Maine Avenue, SW, Suite 1000, Washington, DC 20024 Please be advised that this page contains pixel tags. To learn more about what pixel tags are, why and how we and third parties use pixel tags, and how that use affects you, visit our privacy policy and review "1. Information Collection." This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to optimize performance, preferences, usage, and statistics. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to store on your device the cookies and other tracking technologies that require consent. You can tailor or change your preferences by clicking “Manage My Cookies”. You can check our privacy policy for more information. Accept AllDecline AllManage Cookies