AmphibiaWeb | Home WHAT ARE AMPHIBIANS Meet the Amphibians Amphibian Facts Species by the Numbers New Species News of the Week Dichromatism EDUCATION For Kids For Teens For Educators Aprender en español Free Books Biology Links Glossary CONSERVATION Global Decline & Conservation Habitat Climate Change Wildlife Disease Introduced Species Amphibians and People Contaminants Synergisms Take Action Watch List Species Conservation Links Monitoring Links Bibliographies AmphibiaWeb SEE WHAT'S NEW Connecting people around the world by synthesizing and sharing information about amphibians to enable research, education, and conservation Keep AmphibiaWeb jumping! Donate Image of the Week Atelopus zeteki | Panamanian Golden Frog | Photo by John White Amphibian News Leer en español Frogs and toads are often known for their acoustic communication, yet many lineages of frogs and toads (anurans) have lost their tympanic middle ears that are vital to airborne hearing in most four-legged animals. Womack and Hoke (2023) used phylogenetic comparative methods to examine whether particular geographic ranges, microhabitats, activity patterns, or aspects of acoustic communication are associated with the many instances of anuran tympanic middle ear loss. They found plenty of overlap between the geographic distributions of eared and earless species and no relationship between a species’ microhabitat (e.g., arboreal, burrowing, etc.) and earlessness. Additionally, they found no noticeable differences in the call frequencies of earless species when compared to eared species. However, they did find a higher prevalence of diurnality in earless species, which could indicate increased importance of visual systems in diurnal species or selection to be acoustically cryptic in daylight. But not all earless species were diurnal, leaving the researchers with no single, clear adaptive explanation that was shared by all earless lineages. The puzzling lack of a universal, adaptive explanation for anuran middle ear loss motivates discussion of alternative hypotheses, including genetic or developmental constraints, and the possibility that anura earlessness is maladaptive. read more news Current number of amphibian species in our database As of (Mar 5, 2024) 8,730 See latest new species Total Amphibian Species by Order 222 Caecilians 816 Salamanders 7,692 Frogs Check out what's new in our database See what's new Search Database Search Geography Browse Taxa Lists Search Photos AmphibiaWeb is an ongoing collaboration between researchers, citizen scientists, and students around the world led by the University of California Berkeley. Header photo: Bumpy Glass Frog (Centrolene heloderma) by Anton Sorokin About Us Phylogeny & Taxonomy Contribute About Amphibians Disease Portal Newsletter & Sign-Up Data on AmphibiaWeb Site Map Log In Shop Our Gear