Offline Intelligence & Measurement - Increase Return on Ad Spend Measurement Audiences Developers Resources Company Data for Good Partner Program Privacy Center Book a Demo When Accuracy Matters Brands and agencies trust Cuebiq for Audiences that perform and Marketing Solutions that deliver insights and actionable data. Learn More - Let's Talk Privacy Above All Else Since inception, we’ve been setting the standard when it comes to ethical and responsible data collection and use. We discover and develop higher standards to improve data consent. Privacy-compliant location data that never compromises your hard-earned reputation is paramount to our users and Cuebiq’s success. Learn more The right audience for your promotions and measurable results Whether measuring the impact of your advertising dollars, planning where to open the next store or predicting market trends – human mobility and visitation patterns are critical to unlocking consumer insights. Cuebiq provides a powerful suite of data and tools to help you make data-driven decisions that drive predictable revenue. Marketers & Agencies Learn More Data Sourcing & Analysts Learn More Technology Provider Learn More Trusted by: View Partner Program Scroll What Makes Cuebiq Different Industry Leading First-Party Location Data From Only App-Direct Relationships with Mobile Apps Complete Consumer Journey 100+ 100+ data points per device per day to validate visits for better Insights Our Privacy Approach Is Designed To Be Future-Proof CCPA-Compliant, GDPR-Compliant, NAI Members, TrustArc & TAG certified Map consumers' offline movement with first-party human mobility data within your own systems and models. Access the Data You Need to Drive Your Strategy Measurement Understand how your marketing activations are changing consumer behavior and how to increase return on ad spend. Learn More Audiences Target more effective audiences based on their offline behaviors, brand loyalty, purchase intent, and more. Learn More Study Maximize Your Auto Efforts With Location Data 87% of automotive marketers plan to increase their use of location-based data over the next two years For auto marketers,… Get the Study → Study High-Impact Use Cases for Location Data in Retail 85% of retailers want to use location data to predict customer behavior During these unpredictable times, location data sheds light… Get the Study → Study High-Impact Use Cases for Location Data in Quick Service Restaurants Did you know that QSR marketers are becoming location data experts? According to 451 Research, 57% of marketers are using location data to enhance their attribution capabilities, download to find out more… Get the Study → Measure your working ad dollars more effectively. Book a Demo Our Commitment to Privacy Consent We only process data from users who opted in to share their location. Transparency We require all App partners to disclose their relationship with Cuebiq, directly or by category, in their Privacy Policy. Control We allow users to easily opt-out through several paths: app settings, device settings, TrustArc and the Cuebiq App. Accountability We are NAI members, certified by TrustArc and TAG, and Privacy Shield registered. 1460 Broadway New York, NY 10036 Measurement Audiences Visit Intelligence Contact Us Resource Center Privacy Center General Terms & Conditions Careers © 2024 Cuebiq Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Terms | Privacy (Updated on 1/24/2023) | Opt-Out/Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information