OMG | Object Management Group Home Member Area Login About Us Overview Meet our Staff Structure and Governance SDO Standards Process Our Specifications OMG Story Groups Domain Technology Committee Business Civic Defense & Military Financial Government Healthcare Manufacturing Mathematical Retail Robotics Space Systems Engineering Unified Architecture Framework Platform Technology Committee Agency AI Analysis & Design Architecture-Driven Modernization Blockchain Cloud Data Distribution Services Enterprise Knowledge Graph Methods & Tools Middleware Ontology Systems Assurance Certifications Overview BPM SysML UML 2 Training Exam Discounts BPM+ Sponsorship SysML v2 Sponsorship UAF Sponsorship Certified Professionals Directory Resources Blog Brochure Events Journal of Innovation Press Room Processes Public Document Search Member Document Search Terms & Acronyms Vendor Directories Webinars White Papers Specifications Popular Catalog In Progress Issues Report Issue(s) RFC Comments Vote Status Archive Communities Managed Communities The Enterprise Knowledge Graph Forum Model-Based Acquisition User Group Systems Modeling Membership Become a Member Current Members Liaisons Sponsorship Log-In Log-In Assistance Reston, VA OMG Technical Meeting Join us at our next technical meeting March 18-22, 2024 for standards development, engaging discussions, networking, and more! Register UPCOMINGEVENTS Celebrating OMG 35 Years of Innovation! Learn more about where we've been, where we're going and what our members have to say about their experiences with us. Learn more CelebratingOMG Announcing OMG Managed Communities Simplify processes, eliminate industry barriers, and create purpose with a community of experts. Get Started! OMG ManagedCommunities INTERNATIONAL EVENT TRANSFORM! @ INFOCOMM 2024 Our education-focused conference and exhibition targets innovation that enables your digital transformation journey, across emerging technologies and diverse industries. June 12-14, 2024 | Las Vegas, Nevada REGISTRATION NOW OPEN UPCOMINGCONFERENCE Upcoming Webinar Introduction to the DDS Standards Join us on February 22nd for the next webinar in our 20th anniversary of Data Distribution Service (DDS) series! Register UpcomingWebinar GLOBALLY RECOGNIZED OMG CERTIFICATIONS Facilitate opportunity tomorrow by developing your skillset today. Get certified! Read More CERTIFICATION PROGRAMS Future Standards Roadmap Standards In Progress View current works in progress and RFI, RFP, RFC, RTF/FTF's here. View Standards In Progress Three Decades of Trailblazing Innovation, Collaborative Excellence, and Connected Success! The Object Management Group® Standards Development Organization (OMG® SDO) is a global, open membership, non-profit consortium. Our members collaborate to craft technology standards that offer measurable value to a diverse range of vertical industries. Membership Specifications Certifications News & Events February 29 - Object Management Group Acquires Enterprise Knowledge Graph Foundation (PR) February 28 - Object Management Group Publishes Domain Taxonomies for Cloud Data Governance (PR) March 18-22, 2024 - OMG Q1 Technical Meeting - Reston, VA USA March 19, 2024 - Advancing Essential System Development and Security Through DevSecOps Standards March 19-21, 2024 - Business Architecture Innovation Summit™ March 20, 2024 - UAF® Summit 2024: Actionable Architecture in the 21st Century - A Hybrid Event Press Room Meet our new members!. Adaptive, Financial Semantics Collaborative, fiskaly GmbH, OpenText Inc., Project Performance International, Royal Navy, Sphinx Defense. Become a Member! I have promoted OMG technologies fiercely in Australia for over 2 decades. I have seen others reinvent the wheel instead of actually bothering to read the OMG specs and realize that bright people have already thought of most that they need. Darren Kelly, Webel IT Australia OMG is a place where you can collaborate to create global standards to respond to the latest trends and technology needs. The organization has always considered the needs of different regions and its members provide a high level of technical insight and innovation. Ron Zahavi Membership in the OMG provides a number of substantial benefits. For Lockheed Martin, this goes beyond participation in the development of language and technology standards, providing opportunities for real collaboration across industry and providers that really help enable our business success and digital transformation. Chris Schreiber, Lockheed Martin Besides the travel opportunities, the OMG offers a unique way to interact with peers and experts in a way that is simply not possible within the typical enterprise or with vendors. The OMG offers access to others solving similar problems as well as industry thought leaders in a collaborative atmosphere. Users’ needs and perspectives then get factored into standards and products through both the formal and cultural processes. Cory Casanave, CEO, President, Model Driven Solutions Over the last 20 years, OMG has extended its roots from developing standards in Middleware (CORBA) to Application Design (UML) and more recently Business Process Management (BPMN), Enterprise Architecture (UPDMTM) and Case Management. This flexibility to shape standards in key technologies and industries using its strength in modeling standards is a key reason why IBM, our partners and customers are at OMG and implementing many of these standards in our products. Sridhar Iyengar, Distinguished Engineer, TJ Watson Research Center, IBM We see membership in OMG as a privilege, enabling our thought leaders to help define some of the most important standards applied in today's international software industry. OMG also provides the opportunity for us to work with partners competitors, customers, prospect and academics, giving us highly valuable industry knowledge and contacts, ultimately delivering real business benefits. Hedley Apperly, PTC I have been employed by members of the OMG for 25 years. I started as a user of OMG specifications and am currently a tool vendor focused on OMG modeling specifications. As a user, I appreciated the ability to make our voice heard in the task force discussions and influencing the modeling specifications as they were developed. It was important to me to know that the tool vendors listened to the users, so when the opportunity arose for me to switch hats, I wanted to make sure I did the same as a tool vendor representative. The collaboration of OMG members is one of the organization's strengths. J.D. Baker, Sparx Systems Membership of the OMG has enabled Tata Consultancy Services to establish leadership positions in creating specifications for standardizations in different consultancy business domains, including but not limited to, the domains of building consultancy methods and tools (via standards like ESSENCE™), data ontologies, cloud, banking, retail, internet of things, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, regulations, and higher education. Sumeet Malhotra, Infinity Technology Incorporated For three decades MITRE has found impact, insight, and value from being a Member of the OMG alongside a wide variety of industry, government, and academia. The OMG's focus on model-based interoperable standards that can enable and empower vendors and end-users with standards-based solutions is an exciting and powerful ability, shown over and over again by the standards published from OMG and their uptake and use in the market. OMG's guidance and review process brings out the best of those teams that work standards with the OMG. Bob Martin, MITRE Our sponsors! Platinum Sponsor: Gold Sponsors: BECOME A SPONSOR Useful Links Structure & Governance Legal Meet Our Staff Contact Us Diversity & Inclusion Policy About Us The Object Management Group® (OMG®) is an international, open membership, not-for-profit technology standards consortium. Founded in 1989, OMG standards are driven by vendors, end-users, academic institutions and government agencies. OMG Task Forces develop enterprise integration standards for a wide range of technologies and an even wider range of industries. » Read more. JOIN OUR MAILING LIST Contact Us 9C Medway Road, PMB 274 Milford, MA 01757 USA Ph.+1 781 444-0404 Fax +1 781-444-0320 [email protected] Copyright © 2024 Object Management Group®, OMG® | All Rights Reserved Connect with us