Governor Kathy Hochul Skip to main content Your browser does not support iFrames GOVERNOR HOME Pressroom Schedule Executive Orders Legislation About Governor Kathy Hochul Lt. Governor Antonio Delgado Contact GOVERNOR KATHY HOCHUL Pressroom Schedule Executive Orders Legislation About Governor Kathy Hochul Lt. Governor Antonio Delgado Contact March 04, 2024 Progress in the Fight Against Crime Governor Hochul highlighted an overall decline in gun violence and car thefts in the Capital Region, while gun seizures are up 160% across the State since the Governor took office. Press release Stay Updated Get updates from Governor Hochul's office about issues important to you. Sign Up Stay Updated Get updates from Governor Hochul's office about issues important to you. Sign Up 2024 State of the State Address In her third State of the State Address, Governor Hochul unveiled a broad policy agenda to make New York safer, more affordable, and more livable. State of the State Details Recent Actions FY 2025 Executive Budget FY 2025 Executive Budget Governor Hochul's FY 2025 Executive Budget reflects a commitment to making New York more affordable, more livable & safer. New York and the Crisis in lsrael New York and the Crisis in lsrael Governor Hochul and New York State stand with the State of Israel and all impacted by Hamas’s horrific terrorist attacks. Taking Action to Address the Asylum Seeker Crisis Taking Action to Address the Asylum Seeker Crisis Governor Hochul has taken several actions to address the recent influx of asylum seekers and migrants in New York. GOVERNOR Kathy Hochul Biography Kathy Hochul is the 57th and first female Governor of New York State.Governor Kathy Hochul began her career in public service on her local Town Board before serving as Erie County Clerk, and then as a member of Congress for New York’s 26th Congressional District. She more recently served in statewide office as Lieutenant Governor and now as the first female Governor of the State of New York. Learn More Governor Kathy Hochul About Accessibility Contact Disclaimer Executive Orders Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) Governor's Programs Judicial Screening Language Access Legislation Pressroom Privacy Policy Schedule CONNECT WITH US facebook twitter youtube flickr instagram You are leaving the official State of New York website. The State of New York does not imply approval of the listed destinations, warrant the accuracy of any information set out in those destinations, or endorse any opinions expressed therein. External web sites operate at the direction of their respective owners who should be contacted directly with questions regarding the content of these sites. Visit Site Your browser does not support iFrames Translation Services This page is available in other languages Translate English Español 中文 繁體中文 Русский יידיש বাংলা 한국어 Kreyòl Ayisyen Italiano العربية Polski Français اردو