Create your own social network with the best community website builder - NING NING uses cookies to ensure the best user experience on the website and guarantee its flawless performance. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies. Click here for details or close this window. Accept Currently we are thoroughly watching over the situation in Ukraine and trying to support the brave and unstoppable spirit of Ukrainian nation in fight against Russian invasion by donating to the official resources provided by the Government. NING is standing with Ukraine in this fight for freedom and independence and if you want to show your support you can donate here. Слава Україні! Героям Слава! Features Themes Pricing Platform Monetization new More Eng English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Español Log in Get started Log in Get started Product Features Themes Pricing Platform Monetization new Resources NING Blog Customer Story Creators Network Support Help Center Contact Support Developer Network Company About NING Contact Us Careers Create a social network that rocks with a customized community management and social media integration Try it NOW!Watch video Get Started Build your social website to promote your ideas Be loud - share your ideas, target the right people, and raise awareness. With NING's help, you will be able to effectively promote any network, be it a political, music, religious, arts, or any other type of online communities. Here you can connect with partners and donors for charitable purposes, or conduct fundraising. Design your social network to go visible Be vivid - create your own visual design, generate catchy content, and build trust. NING offers the possibility to create a community with a customized look and feel. Our team is here to back you up even with the most challenging initiatives. Grow your community to monetize your ideas Be sharp - invite members, create different groups, and hold various events around your interests. All the most powerful features are already inside to afford ground for your efforts` monetization. Just make a community on NING social platform, and put your ideas into practice! Master web monetization with NING E-commerce Create your personal social network and get ready to make money with its help. With NING, traffic monetization is no longer a fantasy. Monetize your blog, monetize your website, monetize your social media! It's all in your hands now thanks to NING’s new E-commerce platform. Read more Group 9 Created with Sketch. Trusted by NING's loyal friends Communities of any kind find their place on NING. See why they trust us - and follow their lead in bringing your creative ideas to reality! CULyticshttp://culytics.com/ There are close to 6000 Credit Unions in the nation and they are struggling to manage their data, get insights and use this information to drive member engagement. The goal of CULytics is to bring peers from the Credit Union industry together to help them drive real outcomes by excelling in data management and getting insights to compete better in the market. Hat Academyhttp://hatacademy.com Hat Academy brings the classic millinery tradition into the digital era via their video tutorials on hat making, and a passionate community captivated by tastefully bold toppers. From tricks of the trade, to tools of the craft - they’re curating it all, and allow you to access and draw inspiration from creatives worldwide. ThisIs50http://www.thisis50.com/ “This is 50” is not just the famous song of the rap god. It’s an official fan club of 50 cent turned into the top entertainment community, where members can get exclusive content, to buy one-of-a-kind autographed things, and even get a chance to work with 50 cent. It could never be easier to give your two cents on the industry of music. Here you can give all fifty. ISKCON Desire Treehttp://www.iskcondesiretree.com/ Spreading the practice of bhakti yoga and spreading the idea of peace? The origin of ISKCON, known as Hari Krishna movement, lies in Hinduism. It’s an open society for people who believe in love and fraternity. Taking care of social, economic and environmental sustainability, they became the real ambassadors of peace in the world. More stories Start a professional social community with minimum effort No coding needed You don’t have to be a developer - our drag-and-drop network builder empowers you to easily create a professional website in a blink of an eye. Social integration Sign up with Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Google and more. Pull in content from other social media and RSS feeds into your Activity Feed, to enrich multichannel communication. Custom design Want to get a mind-blowing design for your social community? Customize your network with HTML and CSS. Don’t know how to code? We will embody your wildest ideas! 24/7 support Don’t know how to set up something? Or cannot find the answer in online Help Center? Contact us via email, live chat, or call us - 24/7 customer service will help you with any issue. Basic features toolkit We’ve integrated such features as Analytics, Groups, along with Blogs, Photos, Videos, Forums, and many more. If you want any extras - we are open to your suggestions! Monetization option Thinking about making money with your community? Our e-commerce module is a goldmine that allows you to drive traffic, convert visitors, sell products, post ads to monetize your network. Helping Charitable Organizations get their voice heard in the society NING is here to make sure you have all the means to deliver your message and the shortcuts to do it fast. Our special offer for nonprofits presents a large opportunity to raise awareness, attract more members, build trust, and bring social value to the masses. Under the individual terms, nonprofit organizations will be able to focus on their mission - with all means to contribute to a better future. $390B given to charitable causes in 2016 72% of giving comes from individuals $60B given to education charity 1,5M charitable organizations in the US 32% of donations go to religious organizations 2,000,000+ networks have been built to date using NING! Start Now Kyle S. With NING, I set out to create an awesome community - it was my chance to succeed in my business and I did it. Thomas K. I don’t know a thing when it comes to creating blogs and such. On my NING website, I only have to come up with what I have to say to my readers, as all the organization was already done for me. Jill N. NING helped to embody my ideas into a real business. I draw my inspiration from my hobby - and now I'm a professional designer with my own website. Jonathann G. On NING, I can communicate with anyone I want. It took 3 years to grow my community - all in a good time. Julia G. This platform is a place where I can band people together. Being a wedding planner, I have the opportunity to surprise and bring positive emotions. Becca M. Educating people has always been my everything. I have no doubt that starting my community was the right thing to do. Now, I have the opportunity to share educational content, post informative video, and hold interesting events - this is something I always wanted to devote my life to. Rachel R. People like me are seeking the opportunity to build their online communities for nonprofit purposes. NING gave me this chance. For almost a year, I have been doing charity work, successfully implementing various social projects. Product What is NING Features Pricing Plan Referral program Resources NING Blog Customer Story Creators Network Solution Providers Support Help Center Contact Support Developer Network Company About NING Contact Us Careers Eng English Français Deutsch Italiano Português Español Follow us Powered by Privacy Policy Create business website Terms of Service Copyright 2024 Create Your Account and Start Your Free Trial now! Already have a NING Account? Sign in Full name Email Password * minimum 8 characters, including at least one uppercase letter, one number, and one special character Choose your network topic Sport Portfolio Craft Blog Religion Education Charity Professional Basic Music Fitness DJ Dating Gaming .ning.com Create your network URL minimum 4 characters I accept NING Terms of Service. I accept NING Privacy Policy and give consent to process my personal data for the purpose of providing me with the best services. I agree to the use of cookies on this website and allow NING to collect my user data. View GDPR Agreement. I confirm I am 16 or older. Sign up Create network Log in with Google Log in with Facebook Log in with LinkedIn Don't have a NING Account? Sign Up. Email Password Forgot your password? Sign in Log in with Google Log in with Facebook Log in with LinkedIn