NSW Health You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page. Skip to content Contact us Emergency information Print Page Increase Font Size Decrease Font Size Menu NSW Health Search Keywords Search Menu COVID-19 COVID-19 in NSW NSW Government - COVID-19 Guidelines and fact sheets Register a positive rapid antigen test Statistics and surveillance Information for people with disability COVID-19 vaccination in NSW Information for the NSW community Information for community pharmacists Information for NSW Health immunisation providers Public Helpful information Find information by health topic Find a hospital / health service Emergency department waiting times Patient care LGBTIQ+ health Mental health Aboriginal health Aged care Disability Transport for health Children and families Kids and families Pregnancy options Assisted reproductive technology Save the date to vaccinate Violence, abuse and neglect Healthy living Awareness and prevention Immunisation Oral health Emergency preparedness Sexual health Ending HIV Community sharps management Improving your health Healthy eating active living Quitting smoking Environmental health Hepatitis B and C Women's health Your Room - Information about alcohol and other drugs Professionals For general practitioners Infectious diseases Immunisation Tobacco and smoking cessation Control guidelines Disease notification Child weight management resources For health professionals Alcohol and other drugs Outpatient referral criteria Nursing and midwifery Pharmaceuticals Private health facilities Public health legislation Preconception, maternity, and child and family health Interpreting/translating and multicultural health services Clinical ethics Research Open data Search open data site Search via topics Medical research NSW Health and Medical Research Healthcare innovation portal New health technologies Human tissue Population health Epidemiology and evidence NSW population health surveys HealthStats NSW Careers For jobseekers Search for a job Recruitment initiatives Training programs Aboriginal workforce - Stepping Up Imagine Rural For students Scholarships and training programs Clinical placements Map My Health Career Workforce and employment Workforce planning and culture Remuneration and conditions Recruitment and employment policies Human resources - e-compendium Medical career planning Senior executives Publications Publications and resources Fact sheets Publications Multilingual resources Reports Safety alerts RSS feeds Policies and procedures Policy and procedure manuals Policy directives, guidelines and information bulletins Media Media releases NSW Health The Hon. Ryan Park, MP The Hon. Rose Jackson, MLC The Hon. David Harris, MP Social media X (formerly Twitter) Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Instagram TikTok About NSW Health Our structure Our organisation chart Local health districts Government priorities Value based healthcare Climate risk and net zero Regional health Diversity Inclusion Belonging Engaging with NSW Health History of medical administration in NSW Ministry of Health Our structure Our organisation chart Our people Working at the Ministry of Health Government Information Public Access Act (GIPA) Contact us Ministers The Hon. Ryan Park, MP Profile Media releases The Hon. Rose Jackson, MLC Profile Media releases The Hon. David Harris, MP Profile Media releases Home Home Do you need medical care or advice? There are lots of care options available. Where to get help​​​ Measles alert Measles is about! Symptoms include fever, sore eyes, runny nose and a cough followed by a red, blotchy rash. Excellence in Allied Health Awards Congratulations to the winners of the 2024 Excellence in Allied Health Awards! Get healthy and active this year Check out our healthy eating tips and free programs for you and your family to get active. COVID-19 advice If you have been exposed, tested positive or have any symptoms, follow the advice to stay safe. Patients and public Respiratory illnesses Local hospital information Mental health Child health and development Health professionals COVID-19 clinical advice Influenza Policy documents HealthStats NSW Government priorities Government priorities Regional health Value based healthcare Innovation portal Health alerts Measles Mosquitoes Sepsis Infectious diseases Latest media releases Measles alert for Sydney Domestic Airport and Sydney CBD5 March 2024Vital funding supports women and families in Western NSW5 March 2024Pharmacy trial surpasses 12,000 consultations5 March 2024Moruya midwives offer continuity of care for women in Eurobodalla4 March 2024 More media releases from NSW Health and Ministers >>​ NSW Health organisations and pillars Local health districts Bureau of Health Information Cancer Institute NSW Clinical Excellence Commission eHealth NSW Health Education and Training Institute Health Infrastructure HealthShare NSW NSW Agency for Clinical Innovation NSW Ambulance NSW Health Pathology Contact page owner: NSW Health Visit NSW Government - COVID-19 for important information and advice for community and businesses, including information about COVID-19 symptoms, testing and social distancing. The latest advice and updates on COVID-19 for healthcare facilities, staff, students and volunteers. COVID-19 information for people with disability: videos and resources in Easy Read and AUSLAN. Worried about COVID-19? Call one of these services Lifeline Australia13 11 14 Kids help line1800 55 1800 Beyond Blue1800 512 348 NSW Mental health line1800 011 511 Please visit Mental health support during COVID-19 for details. What's new NSW Health cyber incident COVID-19 information Staying healthy during a mouse plague Patients and public Find a public hospital ED waiting times Patient care healthdirect Australia NSW Health Our structure Local health districts Your Ministers Value based healthcare Publications Policies and guidelines Fact sheets Control guidelines Multilingual resources Popular links Health topics from A to Z COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Mental health Public dental services Careers Search for a job JMO recruitment Awards and conditions Imagine Rural Campaigns Healthy Eating Active Living Beat the heat Childhood vaccinations Smoke free NSW Government Service NSW Jobs Accessibility Copyright Disclaimer Privacy RSS feeds NSW Health acknowledges the people of the many traditional countries and language groups of New South Wales. It acknowledges the wisdom of Elders past and present, and pays respect to all Aboriginal communities of today.