Discover the best Events in your City and Book Tickets | Fever en EnglishFrançaisDeutschItaliano日本語한국어NederlandsPortuguêsEspañolالعربيةPolski中文Română Select your city Discover the best experiences in your city Concerts, nightlife, culture, pop-ups, and much more Top cities Madrid London São Paulo Los Angeles New York Paris view all Experiences to explore Discover live DJ sets from international superstars and intimate cocktail bars alike. Show me nights out Whether it's on a beach, in a desert or in the middle of the city - Fever gets you in! Show me festivals Discover the world's most sought after art, cinema and cultural activities. Show me cultural activities From immersive dining to pop-up food festivals, you won’t be left hungry! Show me tasting experiences 1000+ Available experiences Our city specialists work together with our data scientists to bring the most demanded and curated events to Fever. 100+ Million People reach per week We have a highly engaged local community, reaching over half the population in each of our cities every week, with high quality, data-driven content. 4.8 out of 5 on App Store Our app is amongst the best rated and most used in the off-the couch entertainment industry. Don't have the app yet? Discover the best selection of experiences in your city. Work with us List your event We'll help you to reach millions of people looking to discover what the city has to offer, so you can enjoy doing what you do best. Get started! Fever Originals Events Fever's tried-and-tested knowledge in the field of event discovery will help you to create successful experiences in your city. Contact us Join our team We are inspiring millions to make the most of their cities. So we need inspiring people like you to join us! Contact us About Fever Press We are hiring! Gift Cards Work with us Fever Zone List your event Investing in your ideas Affiliate Program Become an influencer Become an ambassador Follow us Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok LinkedIn YouTube Support 24/7 Contact us FAQ Don't have the app yet? Search or ﬁlter to ﬁnd nearby experiences and upcoming events catered to you. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy | Cookies Management ©2024 - Fever