Tesla News, Tips, Rumors, and Reviews NEWS PREMIUM Latest Top Stories Featured Stories TESLA Cybertruck Roadster Tesla Semi Model S New Owners Autopilot P100D Drag Racing Videos Battery / Charging Firmware Updates Interior Exterior Tuning Wheels / Tires Body Kits Sound System Apps DIY How To Videos Product Reviews Model 3 Model X Falcon Wing Doors Firmware Updates Autopilot Interior Exterior Towing Product Reviews Model Y Gigafactory Tesla Energy Solar Roof Powerwall Powerpack Supercharger TSLA SPACEX ELON MUSK The Boring Company Hyperloop Artificial Intelligence MARKETPLACE TESLARATI NEWS PREMIUM Latest Top Stories Featured Stories TESLA Cybertruck Roadster Tesla Semi Model S New Owners Autopilot P100D Drag Racing Videos Battery / Charging Firmware Updates Interior Exterior Tuning Wheels / Tires Body Kits Sound System Apps DIY How To Videos Product Reviews Model 3 Model X Falcon Wing Doors Firmware Updates Autopilot Interior Exterior Towing Product Reviews Model Y Gigafactory Tesla Energy Solar Roof Powerwall Powerpack Supercharger TSLA SPACEX ELON MUSK The Boring Company Hyperloop Artificial Intelligence MARKETPLACE Featured Latest Popular News Trailer with Cybertrucks and other Teslas involved in accident in Colorado 11 News Tesla says Aussie car lobby group is attempting to delay climate action 13 News Tesla Superchargers are carrying the US’ DC EV fast charger ramp: NREL 29 News Tesla production halted at Giga Berlin after substation fire, arson suspected 40 Top Story 460 News Starlink’s Direct to Cell satellites complete first post on Elon Musk’s X platform SpaceX recently tested Starlink’s Direct to Cell satellites and posted on Elon Musk’s X platform. The test X post simply said: “This... 45 News Tesla China’s vehicle registrations year-to-date show 8.7% increase Tesla China’s insurance registrations saw a rebound during the week of February 26-March 3, 2024. Over the week, Tesla China saw 12,500... 51 News Upgraded Tesla Model 3 gets featured in Jay Leno’s Garage segment The upgraded Tesla Model 3 was featured extensively during a recent episode of Jay Leno’s Garage. The Emmy-winning show, known for its... 54 News Rivian R2 specs seemingly leaked in official webpage Rivian enthusiasts may have gotten an early glimpse of the highly-anticipated R2 electric crossover thanks to an apparent leak on the electric... 51 News Tesla China February 2024 sales see 18.87% YoY decline, mirroring industry trend Data from the China Passenger Car Association (CPCA) has revealed that Tesla China’s sales of Giga Shanghai-made vehicles declined in February 2024.... 54 News Tesla launches additional location for Model 3/Y and Cybertruck wraps Tesla has launched wraps for the Model 3, Model Y and Cybertruck at an additional shop location, this time outside of California... 38 News BYD launches latest Yuan Plus with cheaper $16,640 price tag BYD has launched the latest version of its Yuan Plus, called the Atto 3 in some markets, sporting a significantly lower sticker... 43 News Waymo approved to expand operations in California, with some backlash Waymo, the self-driving startup owned by Google parent company Alphabet, has been approved by a California agency to expand operations to Los... 36 News StoreDot manages to ‘winterproof’ its extreme fast-charging EV batteries StoreDot has managed to prove that it can “winterproof” its extreme fast-charging electric vehicle batteries, new laboratory testing showed. StoreDot is a... 51 News Volkswagen’s battery arm PowerCo won’t IPO until all factories are open Volkswagen isn’t planning to list its battery startup PowerCo on the stock market until all of its factories are operational and its... 63 News Tesla Supercharger network leads U.S. toward 2030 charging goal The U.S. is aiming to put 33 million electric vehicles (EVs) on the road by 2030, along with 500,000 public EV chargers... 94 News Tesla Cybertruck slams into property of legendary Beverly Hills hotel Update: Article has been changed to reflect accuracy, as valet was not responsible for this accident. A Tesla Cybertruck slammed into the... 71 News Tesla in talks to open Gigafactory Thailand: official Tesla is talking with the Thailand government about a potential Gigafactory in the country, an official from the country’s Prime Minister’s office... 185 News Flipped Tesla Cybertruck now on sale again for $289,999 The Tesla Cybertruck that was recently sold at auction for $244,000 has now gone on sale again, this time through a Florida... 90 News Ford recalls F-150 Lightning units over fire risk from loose or missing nut Ford is recalling over 200 F-150 Lightning units due to a loose or missing retention nut on the high-voltage battery that could... 150 News Tesla donates destroyed Model 3 to Australia fire safety investigation Tesla has donated a Model 3 that was destroyed in an accident last year to an organization for an electric vehicle (EV)... Page 1 of 133312345Next ›Last » Elon Musk 170 News Musk responds to pay case lawyers requesting $6 billion in Tesla shares Elon Musk has responded to lawyers in the recent Delaware case regarding his Tesla compensation package, after the attorneys this week requested... 334 News Elon Musk sets Tesla Roadster unveiling to the end of 2024 In a recent announcement, Elon Musk revealed plans to unveil the highly anticipated Tesla Roadster at the end of 2024, marking another... 188 News How to Watch Elon Musk’s Q&A at Bosch Connected World 2024 Bosch Connected World (BCW) 2024 is set to start on February 28th and 29th in Berlin, Germany. BCW 2024 promises to be... Home About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms Privacy Copyright © TESLARATI. All rights reserved. To Top