Home | Governor Jay Inslee Skip to main content Governor Jay Inslee Flag Status - Full staff Search Home About About Jay About Trudi News & Media News Release Archive Photos Op-Eds Speeches The Daily Gov (news clips) Gov's Weekly Newsletter Issues Budget Economy Education Efficient Government Energy & Environment Health Care & Human Services Safe Communities Transportation The Office of the Governor The Office Executive Cabinet Executive Team Small Cabinet Job Openings Governor's Distinguished Managers Association Office of International Relations Policy Advisors Regional Outreach Representatives Washington, DC Office Official Actions Bill Action Directives Executive Orders Flag Lowering Judicial Appointments Proclamations Reports Boards & Commissions Boards & Commissions Board & Commission Profiles Upcoming Appointment Opportunities Apply to Serve on a Board or Commission Recommend an Applicant Recent Appointments Resources for Appointees Workgroups & Task Forces WorkFirst Poverty Reduction Oversight Task Force Clemency & Pardons Board About the Board Submit a Petition Hearing Dates and Outcomes Hearing Deadlines Frequently Asked Questions Marijuana Justice Initiative Contact Contacting the Governor's Office Request help with state services Requests & Invites Invite Gov. Inslee to an Event Request a meeting with the Governor Make a public records request Request a ceremonial proclamation, greeting or letter Menu Previous Pause Next Quick Links 2024 State of the State Address Bill action information The Daily Gov news clips Vaccine Mandate FAQ Sign up for Gov's weekly newletter What's Happening Now All News February 29, 2024 Inslee appoints Monica Kaup Cary to the King County Superior CourtToday Gov. Jay Inslee announced the appointment of Monica Kaup Cary to the King County Superior Court. She will replace Judge Matthew… February 22, 2024 On the road: Encampment resolution and clean energy manufacturing in King CountyOn Wednesday, Gov. Inslee traveled to King County, where he highlighted the need for additional funding for the state’s Encampment… February 16, 2024 On the road: A focus on Clean Energy and rising fentanyl response in Walla Walla CountyGov. Jay Inslee recently traveled to Walla Walla County, addressing two crucial issues: transitioning to clean energy and tackling the… Governor Inslee Governor Inslee Governor Inslee Generative AI: Inslee executive order prepares Washington for opportunities, challenges Tue, Jan 30, 2024 Generative artificial intelligence has the potential to change the world, but it also presents ethical concernsOn Tuesday, Gov. Jay Inslee signed an executive… Inslee delivers State of the State: “Run through the tape” Tue, Jan 09, 2024 Gov. Jay Inslee delivers his 2024 State of the State speech on January 9, 2024. On Tuesday, Gov. Jay Inslee delivered his 10th State of the State address,… 2023: Year in review Thu, Dec 28, 2023 2023 saw Washington state take a big leap towards a clean, just and exciting future. Historic investments in housing will accelerate construction and restrain… Investing in Washington’s people and communities: Inslee budget prioritizes urgent needs in… Wed, Dec 13, 2023 Investing in Washington’s people and communities: Inslee budget prioritizes urgent needs in homelessness, fentanyl and behavioral healthToday, Inslee released… People over pollution: Inslee unveils 2024 policies building on landmark climate achievements Mon, Dec 11, 2023 Legislative proposals would increase accountability for Big Oil; link Washington’s carbon market with California and Quebec; phase out methane gas; and put new… Inslee previews strategy to resolve homeless encampments and expand housing availability Thu, Dec 07, 2023 In October of last year, Marie and Phuong were sitting around a table at the Civic Hotel, an emergency shelter in Seattle. They talked about how much their… Inslee previews budget strategy to take down fentanyl Mon, Dec 04, 2023 James Robbins has spent the balance of his life in addiction. He began abusing substances when he was ten years old. Over 48 years of active opioid use, he… Governor’s trip “down under” yields trade, climate partnership Thu, Nov 16, 2023 On Nov. 2, Gov. Jay Inslee leaped over time zones on his way to Australia for a study and trade mission. Australia is 18 hours ahead of Washington state — … Blue Wind is coming: State spins up offshore wind supply chain initiative Wed, Oct 11, 2023 The 1893 World’s Fair in Chicago, Ill. Included a working exhibition of the might and wonder of wind power. Image courtesy of worldsfairchicago1893. com. In… The state’s Job Skills Program accelerates business reinvention Fri, Sep 29, 2023 Gov. Jay Inslee visited Small Planet Supply in September. The company now produces a large-scale heat pump, and they benefitted from the Job Skills Program… Get Updates Twitter Facebook Instagram Threads Weekly newsletter Updates and news on Medium Photos on Flickr RSS news feed Spotlight Job openings in the Governor's Office Climate action in Washington Learn about Results Washington State budget Volunteer in your community Register to Vote Resources Privacy Notice Intended Use File Types and Downloads Contact Webmaster In other languages العربية (Arabic) 中文 (Chinese Simplified) 中文 (Chinese Traditional) 한국어 (Korean) Kajin M̧ajel‌̧ (Marshallese) Русский (Russian) Soomaaliga (Somali) Español (Spanish) Українська (Ukrainian) Việtnam (Vietnamese) Home About About Jay About Trudi News & Media News Archive Photos Op-Eds Speeches 2024 State of the State Address 2023 State of the State Address 2022 State of the State Address 2021 Inaugural Address 2020 State of the State Address 2019 State of the State Address 2018 State of the State Address 2017 Inaugural Address 2016 State of the State: A State of Confidence 2015 State of the State 2014 State of the State 2013 Inaugural Address The Daily Gov Issues Budget Economy Outdoor Recreation Education Efficient Government Energy & Environment Health Care & Human Services WorkFirst Poverty Reduction Oversight Task Force Safe Communities Transportation The Office of the Governor Executive Cabinet Executive Team Small Cabinet Governor's Distinguished Managers Association Awards History Past GDMA speakers Job Openings Reports Official Actions Bill Actions Bill Action FAQs Veto Archive Directives Executive Orders Judicial Appointments Judicial Appointments To Date Proclamations Flag Display Boards & Commissions Board & Commission Profiles Current and Upcoming Appointment Opportunities Recent Appointments Resources for Appointees Online appointee training Resign from a board or commission Submit a Recommendation Workgroups & Task Forces WorkFirst Poverty Reduction Oversight Task Force, Legislative-Executive Clemency & Pardons Board About the Board Frequently Asked Questions Hearing Dates and Outcomes Hearing Deadlines Marijuana Justice Initiative Submit a petition Apply to Serve Contact Contacting the Governor's Office Contact Gov. Inslee Send Gov. Inslee an e-message Requests & Invites Invite Gov. Inslee to an Event Make a public records request Request a meeting with Gov. Inslee Request a ceremonial proclamation, greeting or letter Request a ceremonial proclamation Request a greeting Request a ceremonial letter - Anniversaries Request a ceremonial letter - Birthdays Request a ceremonial letter - Eagle Scout and Girl Scout Request a military retirement letter Request a ceremonial letter – condolence, congratulations or commendation Complete this online form to request a state agency retirement letter