Powell’s Books | The World’s Largest Independent Bookstore Cart | | my account Hello, | Login MENU Browse New Arrivals Bestsellers Featured Preorders Award Winners Audio Books See All Subjects Used Staff Picks Staff Picks Picks of the Month Bookseller Displays 50 Books for 50 Years 25 Best 21st Century Sci-Fi & Fantasy 25 PNW Books to Read Before You Die 25 Books From the 21st Century 25 Memoirs to Read Before You Die 25 Global Books to Read Before You Die 25 Women to Read Before You Die 25 Books to Read Before You Die Gifts Gift Cards & eGift Cards Powell's Souvenirs Journals and Notebooks socks Games Sell Books Blog Events Find A Store Portland's legendary independent bookstore. Shop new, used, and hard-to-find books online or in-store. PICKS OF THE MONTH Wandering Stars by Tommy Orange Grief Is for People by Sloane Crosley The Other Valley by Scott Alexander Howard The Great Wave by Michiko Kakutani Snowglobe by Soyoung Park PICKS OF THE MONTH Wandering Stars by Tommy Orange Grief Is for People by Sloane Crosley The Other Valley by Scott Alexander Howard The Great Wave by Michiko Kakutani BESTSELLERS Dune by Frank Herbert A Court of Thorns and Roses by Sarah J. Maas The Creative Act by Rick Rubin Bride by Ali Hazelwood A Little Life by Hanya Yanagihara BESTSELLERS Dune by Frank Herbert A Court of Thorns and Roses by Sarah J. Maas The Creative Act by Rick Rubin Bride by Ali Hazelwood FEATURED PREORDERS All Fours by Miranda July Like Love by Maggie Nelson Fire Exit by Morgan Talty What If We Get It Right? by Ayana Elizabeth Johnson Knots by Colleen Frakes FEATURED PREORDERS All Fours by Miranda July Like Love by Maggie Nelson Fire Exit by Morgan Talty What If We Get It Right? by Ayana Elizabeth Johnson Powell's In-Person Events Leila Philip in Conversation With Emma Marris Join us at Powell’s City of Books on March 6. Kim Harrison Author Event Join us at Powell’s Books at Cedar Hills Crossing on March 7. The Powell's Blog Powell's 2024 Book Preview: The First Quarter Our quarterly book preview is one of our favorite things to put together for the blog, because we get to be loud and enthusiastic about all of the great releases coming out over the next few months, and there are some really great releases. The Big List of Backlist: Books That Got Us Through 2023 We’re grateful for all of the books we’ve listed — and for books and bookstores and booklovers in general! — and hope you find books on this list that sustain and comfort you, just like they did for us. Award Winners Souvenirs Why Independence Matters Think about the last good book you read. Did it make you feel more connected to others? Maybe it served as a welcome escape. Maybe it helped you rediscover the beauty in life. Did it surprise you? As an independent bookstore, we strive to offer the same variety and richness of experience as the books on our shelves. And because the only people we’re beholden to are our customers and ourselves, we can focus on what really matters — promoting diverse perspectives, upholding the free exchange of ideas, championing the enduring power of books, and bolstering the great community of readers and authors we’re lucky to be a part of. Thank you for supporting these lofty goals. Your choice sustains a family business, and allows us to follow our passion for getting the right books into the right hands, 365 days a year. Why Independence Matters Think about the last good book you read. Did it make you feel more connected to others? Maybe it served as a welcome escape. Maybe it helped you rediscover the beauty in life. Did it surprise you? As an independent bookstore, we strive to offer the same variety and richness of experience as the books on our shelves. And because the only people we’re beholden to are our customers and ourselves, we can focus on what really matters — promoting diverse perspectives, upholding the free exchange of ideas, championing the enduring power of books, and bolstering the great community of readers and authors we’re lucky to be a part of. Thank you for supporting these lofty goals. Your choice sustains a family business with over 500 local booksellers, and allows us to follow our passion for getting the right books into the right hands, 365 days a year. Stay Connected Books lists, events info, special offers, and more — right in your inbox! View our privacy policy. Sign up for the Powell’s Books newsletter >> Help Contact Us Help Topics Guarantee Shipping Store Pickup Terms Transparency ACT MRF Explore About Us Press Careers Store Locations Events Gift Cards Sitemap Account My Account Used Book Alerts Wish List Partners Security © 2023 POWELLS.COM