Home: Smith College | Smith College Skip to main content Smith text logo Smith College Search Toggle main Menu Discover Smith Expand Discover Smith Menu Smith in Action History & Traditions President Sarah Willie-LeBreton Visit the Campus Governance Smith at a Glance Contact Smith Academics Expand Academics Menu Programs & Courses Our Approach To Learning Applied Learning & Research Faculty Directory Academic Calendar Registrar Class Deans Provost/Dean of the Faculty Study Abroad Libraries Admission & Aid Expand Admission & Aid Menu Apply to Smith Visits & Programs Life After Smith: Career Outcomes Tuition & Aid for Applicants Aid for Current Students For Parents & Families For School & CBO Counselors Your Campus Expand Your Campus Menu Residence Life Dining & Menus Community Offices & Services Health & Wellness Clubs & Organizations Student Government Association Athletics For New Students SmithArts News & Events Expand News & Events Menu Smith Today Events Performing Arts Smith Alumnae Quarterly Search Utility Students Faculty & Staff Families Alums Give to Smith Search Toggle Community is the beginning of incalculable good. Visits & Programs Apply Now Your browser does not support the video tag. Play Pause Sip sip, hooray! Smith’s custom tea blends are here to stay Community on the court The Pioneers are NEWMAC champs (again!) Working together Learn about Smith’s Student Government Association Bring on the Blooms Looking to escape the unpredictable New England weather? Head to the Lyman Plant House to see over 9,000 springtime blossoms of every type and color in the 2024 Bulb Show. Featuring a student-commissioned art installation for the second year in a row, the show runs through March 17. More About the Show Botanic Garden News & Events Smith, in the Moment Campus Life Home Sweet Haynes Wilder House has been renamed to honor pioneering educator and mathematician. Campus Life February 26, 2024 Sustainability Mill River Runs Through It An annual effort to clear the silt helps keep Paradise Pond thriving Sustainability February 29, 2024 News of Note Faculty Approved for Tenure, Promotion Sixteen faculty members were approved for tenure and promotion, effective July 1. News of Note February 29, 2024 A Culture of Community Juliana Makonise ’25 Quantitative economics major; Government minor; Global finance concentrator “Smith has created a space for individuals from across the world to converge in an accessible, equitable, and inclusive environment which fosters intellectual and interpersonal growth. The diverse student organizations and house cultures have created more avenues for people to find belonging and support as they pursue their goals.” Learn About House Communities Sunny Windorski ’20 Health Educator, Schacht Center for Health & Wellness “I love being part of the Smith community—Smith brings together people with so many interests and experiences. Getting to learn about these experiences and bring them together in the work we do is what makes my job so interesting.” Discover Wellness Resources Johanna Brewer Assistant Professor of Computer Science ”To me, community at Smith centers around our common goal of creating positive social change. Our togetherness comes not from our similarity, but out of a celebration of our diversity.“ Learn About Smith’s Community Emma Guest-Consales ’90 President, Guides Association of New York City “The alum network is extraordinary—when I meet another Smithie, no matter when they graduated, I know I’m meeting a kindred spirit. I feel like the Smith community will always be there for me and my daughter Nicoletta, class of 2022.” Join an Incredible Network Smith informal logo Smith College Smith College 10 Elm StreetNorthampton, MA 01063 Phone: 413-584-2700 Footer Portal Directory Dining Menus Campus Map Give to Smith Employment Libraries Botanic Garden Museum of Art Learn the ins and outs of the new smith.edu Social Navigation Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube © 2024 Smith College. Meta Privacy Terms of Use Title IX Nondiscrimination Statement Consumer Information Contact Us Experiencing an accessibility issue on a Smith web page? Please let us know.