Scottish Parliament | Scottish Parliament Website Cookies This website is using cookies. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Please choose whether to accept cookies. Find out more and manage your cookies Yes, I agree No, thanks Skip to main content Scottish Parliament Website home Language: English / Gàidhlig Search the website Search Open search Open menu Main navigation Home Bills and laws Bills and laws A Bill is a proposed Act of the Scottish Parliament. A Bill that is introduced in the Scottish Parliament is scrutinised and debated by MSPs. Go to Bills and laws Current and previous Bills List of Bills Post-legislative Scrutiny Proposals for Bills Legislative Consent Memorandums About legislative consent About Bills and laws What is a Bill? How a Bill becomes an Act About secondary legislation Acts and SSIs MSPs MSPs MSPs take part in examining and passing proposed laws (Bills). They represent you in the Scottish Parliament and your local area. And they examine the work of the Scottish Government. Go to MSPs Current and previous MSPs Current party balance About MSPs Code of Conduct Members' expenses MSP salaries MSP pensions Financial interests of MSPs Elections Ministers and Law Officers Chamber and committees Chamber and committees Information about committees and records of all debates, questions and answers. Go to Chamber and committees Committees List of committees What's On Parliament TV Official Report: what was said in Parliament Search Votes and motions Search questions and answers Research by SPICe Fact sheets Research briefings SPICe Spotlight blogs Academic engagement The Chamber Minutes of Chamber meetings Journal of the Parliament Get involved Get involved You can get involved with the Scottish Parliament by joining a Cross-party group, submitting a petition, lobbying or exploring our education resources. Go to Get involved Petitions Start a petition Support a petition Languages British Sign Language Gaelic Submit your views to a committee Hold an event or exhibition Education Education sessions for schools Organise a protest Cross-party groups Lobbying International relations Visit Visit Find out about tours and events at the Scottish Parliament. Go to Visit Tickets for debates and meetings First Minister's Questions Debates in the Chamber Committee meetings Tours Group visits Guided tours School visits Events and exhibitions A Parliament for the People Festival of Politics Plan your visit Virtual tour Parliament café Gift shop Crèche Behaviour About About The Scottish Parliament examines what the Scottish Government is doing, makes new laws on devolved matters and debates the issues of the day. Go to About Working for the Scottish Parliament Find current jobs How the Parliament works Organisations, groups and people Rules and guidance Recess dates Information rights Data protection Freedom of Information News Accounts and statistics History of the Parliament Contact us Loading… Scottish Parliament The Scottish Parliament examines what the Scottish Government is doing, makes new laws on devolved matters and debates the issues of the day. Latest updates What's on in Parliament Wednesday in Parliament Chamber business starts at 2pm on Wednesday and includes: Portfolio Questions: Wellbeing Economy, Net Zero and Energy: Finance and Parliamentary Business a Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party Debate: Ending violence in Scottish schools a Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party Debate: Backing Scotland’s oil and gas sector Members' Business from Keith Brown: Congratulating the University of Stirling on the launch of its Winning Students 100 Programme Watch live on Parliament TV What's on in Parliament Current party balance There are 129 Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs). Find out how many MSPs each party has. Current committees Find out about the work and the membership of parliament committees. Visit The Scottish Parliament is the home of Scottish democracy. We are open throughout the year. Find out how to visit us Quick links MSPs Find all current and previous Members of the Scottish Parliament. Find MSPs by postcode Find MSPs by postcode Search Find your postcode on the Royal Mail finder Bills and laws Find out about laws which have been proposed (Bills) and laws that have already been passed. Chamber and committees Find out what's happened in the Chamber and in committee meetings. Parliament TV Watch all Chamber business and committee meetings on Parliament TV. Votes and motions Find out how MSPs have voted and view all motions which have been submitted to Parliament. SPICe Spotlight blog Read the blog from our information centre for impartial and up to date analysis of current issues Presiding Officers Alison Johnstone MSP is the elected Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament. Annabelle Ewing and Liam McArthur are Deputy Presiding Officers (DPOs). Find out more about the Presiding Officer and DPOs Public petitions Petitions are a way to ask the Parliament to do something. Any person or organisation can submit a petition: you do not have to be a certain age or live in Scotland. MSPs cannot submit a petition but they can support them. Find out more about submitting a petition to the Parliament Get in touch Contact us Telephone 0131 348 5000 or 0800 092 7500. If you would like to speak to someone in Gaelic, call 0131 348 5395 (message service only) Email: [email protected] Scottish Parliament on X Scottish Parliament @ScotParl Follow us on social media Facebook Instagram X YouTube Accessibility Copyright Cookies Data protection Freedom of Information Contact us Complaints Diversity and inclusion Jobs Privacy Code of Conduct Standing Orders Festival of Politics Scottish Parliament TV Online shop © Scottish Parliament 2024