Martin Krzywinski - Data Visualization, Design, Science and Art - Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre π Daylatest newsbuy art home email photo_camera tag syncopation & accordion • Cafe de Flore (Doctor Rockit) • like France, but no dog poop • more quotes music + dance + projected visuals • Nosaj Thing • marvel at perfect timing • more quotes In your hiding, you're alone. Kept your treasures with my bones. • Coeur de Pirate • crawl somewhere better • more quotes And whatever I do will become forever what I've done. • Wislawa Szymborska • don't rehearse • more quotes Lips that taste of tears, they say, are the best for kissing. • Dorothy Parker • get cranky • more quotes Where am I supposed to go? Where was I supposed to know? • Violet Indiana • get lost in questions • more quotes This love loves love. It's a strange love, strange love. • Liz Fraser • find a way to love • more quotes listen; there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go. • e.e. cummings • go there • more quotes Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash • Leonard Cohen • burn something • more quotes Trance opera—Spente le Stelle • be dramatic • more quotes Without an after or a when. • Papercut feat. Maiken Sundby • can you hear the rain? • more quotes Embrace me, surround me as the rush comes. • Motorcycle • drift deeper into the sound • more quotes Sun is on my face ...a beautiful day without you. • Royskopp • be apart • more quotes This love's a nameless dream. • Cocteau Twins • try to figure it out • more quotes Drive, driven. Gave, given. • Yello • Give me a number of games. • more quotes Tango is a sad thought that is danced. • Enrique Santos Discépolo • think & dance • more quotes Love itself became the object of her love. • Jonathan Safran Foer • count sadnesses • more quotes What do the trees know. • Laleh • sway, sway, sway • more quotes Feel the vibe, feel the terror, feel the pain • Hooverphonic • Mad about you, orchestrally. • more quotes Twenty — minutes — maybe — more. • Naomi • choose four words • more quotes Here we are now at the middle of the fourth large part of this talk. • Pepe Deluxe • get nowhere • more quotes Thoughts rearrange, familiar now strange. • Holly Golightly & The Greenhornes • break flowers • more quotes And she looks like the moon. So close and yet, so far. • Future Islands • aim high • more quotes I'm not real and I deny I won't heal unless I cry. • Cocteau Twins • let it go • more quotes Safe, fallen down this way, I want to be just what I am. • Cocteau Twins • safe at last • more quotes see all very clickable π day · ASCII · choices · clocks · color · constellations NEW · covers NEW · deadly genomes NEW · debates · emotions · famous rat · gigapixel skies NEW · hitchens · keyboards · languages · LOTRO · photography · questions · quotes · road trips · rockets · satire · spam poetry · time · tripsum · type · unwords · voids · words · writing · zaomm download my details Short text biography Samples of my work CV Google Scholar activities I present clearly, connect broadly, spark imagination and encourage enthusiasm for inquiry and explanation. I create visuals with analytical clarity and artistic dimensions. In 1999 I built the Genome Sciences Centre's first computing systems, and later invented port knocking, and optimized keyboard layouts that spawned a Brazilian fashion line. I have an affinity for parody and tragedy. I love rabbit holes. I created Circos (a community standard) and hive plots (a farewell to hairballs). I am triggered by slipshod visualizations of science and pie charts. My information graphics have appeared in the New York Times, Wired, and on covers of books and scientific journals such as Science, Nature and PNAS. I am a co-author of the Nature Methods Points of Significance and Points of View columns. I contribute to Scientific American's Graphic Science and teach how to design scientific figures and scientific posters. My method is critique by redesign. I’ve made maps of nothing, shot fashion photography, found poems in spam. Every year I make Pi Day art, which can be graphics, words or music. I've made music videos about infinity and higher dimensions, I love typography and run Hitchmas. I am a former owner of Alex, the world’s most popular rat. contact Martin Krzywinski Staff Scientist Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Center 100–570 West 7th Avenue Vancouver BC V5Z 4S6 Canada mk.bcgsc.ca martink@bcgsc.ca @mkrzywinski main activities Circos Deadly genomes Graphic Science Hive plots Journal covers Nature Methods Points of Significance Nature Methods Points of View Pi Day Typography Three one four: a number of notes PNAS Cover: Earth BioGenome Project Science Cover: Human genome — a research ultramarathon Deadly Genome Series: The variants of SARS-Cov-2 Scientific graphical abstracts — design guidelines Scientific posters — design guidelines The Outbreak Poems — artistic emissions in a pandemic Nature Cancer cover of Mutation spectra 2020 `\pi` day art and the piku The deadly genomes — run away! Second infinity `\aleph_2` and beyond — music and mathematics DNA on 10th — street art, wayfinding and font The tree of emotional life — phylogenetics of emoticons The largest map of absolutely nothing: Universe — voids and superclusters Pixels in space — Ultra-high resolution maps of the Moon, Solary System and Sky Nature Methods Points of View visualization column Nature Methods Points of Significance statistics column journal covers Cover of Cell Genomics 2023 Cover of Science Advances 2023 Cover of Nature 2022 Cover of Cancer Cell 2022 Cover of PNAS 2022 Cover of Annals of Oncology 2022 Cover of Nature Biotechnology 2022 Cover of Science 2021 Cover of Nature Genetics 2020 Cover of Nature Cancer 2020 Cover of Molecular Case Studies 2018 Cover of Nature 2017 Cover of PNAS 2012 Cover of Trends in Genetics 2012 Cover of Genome Research 2012 Cover of Genome Informatics 2010 Cover contest for EMBO journal Cover of EMBO Journal 2009 Cover of American Scientist 2007 Pi Day Art 2023 Pi Day — Repeated Sequence 2022 Pi Day — three one four: a number of notes 2021 Pi Day - Forest of Digits 2020 Pi Day — Piku 2019 Pi Day — Languages 2018 Tau Day 2018 Pi Day — Bringing the world together 2017 Pi Day — Pi in the sky 2016 Pi Day — Gravity of Pi 2015 Pi Day — Transcendental map 2014 Pi Day — Frequency circles 2013 Pi Day — It stars here buy artwork ▲ SCIENCE + ART | Put it on your wall. (buy artwork / see all my art) other activities 16 and's — typographical peep show 5 years of personalized cancer care Adobe swatches for Brewer palettes Alex — Internet's most popular rat ASCII art Bird song mnemonics CARPALX - keyboard layouts and Brazilian fashion Circos online tableviewer Color proportions in your image Color resources The COVID charts Dinosaurs of the corn - fixing visualizations DNA on 10th wayfinding Dummer — a Hummer parody e.e. spammings Essentials of Data Visualization — 8-part video series Eye charts — a modern interpretation Flunk — Down Here / Moon Above — Music for space Gene Machines — Vinyl sounds from the lab Genomics 3D art exhibit Gigapixel 1-bit Moon, Solar System & Sky Google maps longest routes Graphical abstract design High dynamic time range photography Hilbert curves and Hilbertonians History of the human genome assembly Hitchmas Hitchsum — Hitchens ipsum Languages on the globe LOTRO — Warden gambit chart Lumondo photography Max Cooper — Aleph 2 — Music for minds Max Cooper — Ascent — Music for dimensions MIT Museum genome exhibit Obesity — a data story The Outbreak Poems Perl Journal archives Poster design guidelines Proportions of colors in country flags Ptolemaic clock Quotes archive SARS-CoV-2 visualizations of 56 genomes Schemaball — database schema visualization Scientific American Graphic Science Snellen optotype font snowflake catalogue — in silico flurries Tripsum — Trump ipsum UBC rocket contest Universe — superclusters and voids Unwords — what's missing in the English language Visions of type — type peep show Weightlifting socks - 178.75 lb Word analysis of 2008–2020 U.S. Presidential Debates World's most popular questions Writing Yes or No Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance quotes me as a keyword list aikido | analogies | animals | astronomy | comfortable silence | cosmology | dorothy parker | drumming | espresso | fundamental forces | good kerning | graphic design | humanism | humour | jean michel jarre | kayaking | latin | little fluffy clouds | lord of the rings | mathematics | negative space | nuance | perceptual color palettes | philosophy of science | photography | physical constants | physics | poetry | pon farr | reason | rhythm | richard feynman | science | secularism | swing | symmetry and its breaking | technology | things that make me go hmmm | typography | unix | victoria arduino | wine | words Martin Krzywinski | contact | Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre ⊂ BC Cancer Research Center ⊂ BC Cancer ⊂ PHSA Google whack “vicissitudinal corporealization” { 10.9.234.151 }