Working With Others to Build a National Culture of Health | RWJF Skip to main content Our Vision Our Vision Overview Why Health Equity Focus Areas Measuring RWJF Progress Confronting Structural Racism to Transform Health Grants Grants Overview Active Funding Opportunities Awarded Grants Grantee Stories Grant Process Grantee Resources Insights Insights Overview Blog Our Research Advocacy And Policy About RWJF About RWJF Overview Our Guiding Principles How We Work Impact Investments Staff And Trustees Press Room Careers Contact Us Find A Grant Global Search Dialog Our Vision Our Vision Overview Why Health Equity Focus Areas Measuring RWJF Progress Confronting Structural Racism to Transform Health Grants Grants Overview Active Funding Opportunities Awarded Grants Grantee Stories Grant Process Grantee Resources Insights Insights Overview Blog Our Research Advocacy And Policy About RWJF About RWJF Overview Our Guiding Principles How We Work Impact Investments Staff And Trustees Press Room Careers Contact Us Find A Grant Global Search Dialog Our Strategy: Confronting Structural Racism to Transform Health × Building a Culture of Health for America JOIN US Inside our Plan for Building a Culture of Health 4 Focus Areas 12 Targeted Topics 5 Active Funding Opportunities Building a Culture of Health Through Insights How Reparations Could Improve Black Health and Wellbeing feature item Blog Post How Reparations Could Improve Black Health and Wellbeing A leading public health expert describes how reparations can close the life expectancy gap for Black people in America. 5-min read A Policy Agenda for a Healthier, More Equitable New Jersey Research A Policy Agenda for a Healthier, More Equitable New Jersey 2-min read Coverage Gains if 10 States Were to Expand Medicaid Eligibility Research Coverage Gains if 10 States Were to Expand Medicaid Eligibility 1-min read SEE ALL Building a Culture of Health Through Our Grantees The Gift of Water: How Communities Are Sharing Traditional Techniques to Combat Drought From India to Arizona, communities are collecting rainwater to build resilience to drought and maintain community health. Read the story Confronting Eviction to Advance Housing Justice Partially funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, this powerful documentary provides an inside look at the affordable housing crisis. Read the story In Santa Monica, Challenging the Status Quo Helps with COVID-19 Response A Q&A with Lisa Parson, Special Assistant for Equity and Community Recovery for the City of Santa Monica, a 2016 Prize-winning community, illustrates how the pandemic spurred local leaders to work together to address new issues within daily life. 1-min read Public and Community Health Read More RWJF Culture of Health Prize The RWJF Culture of Health Prize celebrates communities where people and organizations are collaborating to build positive solutions to barriers that have created unequal opportunities for health and wellbeing. 9-min read Read More dynamicResource_3 dynamicResource_1 dynamicResource_0 dynamicResource_2 SEE ALL STORIES Measuring Our Progress Continually collecting data from research and community engagement helps us understand the impact of our efforts in building a Culture of Health. See our Learnings We Inform Policies We develop evidence to inform some of the most complex health and policy issues facing our nation today—addressing the conditions and long-standing structures that lead to poor health outcomes and transforming policies that expand access and opportunity. SEE OUR EVIDENCE A Healthier, More Equitable New Jersey To honor the legacy started by our founder, Robert Wood Johnson II, we at RWJF remain committed to improving health and advancing health equity for all in New Jersey and beyond. SEE OUR WORK Subscribe to receive Funding Alerts & more Explore the latest in reflection and research from subject matter experts at RWJF and our wide network of partners. Email Address (Required) Email address already subscribed. Please check your inbox to manage your subscriptions. Continue Subscribed! Thank you. You are now subscribed. First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Organization (Required) European Union Resident European Union Resident Please select one Yes No Tell us what type of content you want to receive. Advances Newsletter 1 of 6 Be informed with our weekly newsletter updating you with relevant news and research around a Culture of Health, as well as the latest funding opportunities. Funding Alerts 2 of 6 Get funded by RWJF: Receive notifications when new funding opportunities are released. Policy Bulletins 3 of 6 Receive monthly updates on RWJF-sponsored research that informs many robust health policy debates on Capitol Hill, covering topics like health equity, improving access to quality healthcare, equitable housing, and more. Research, Evaluation, and Learning 4 of 6 Shop talk for researchers. This monthly newsletter covers research news and opportunities from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. There's more... 5 of 6 Sometimes we have news, announcements or opportunities that don't quite fit the subscription parameters above. If you're interested, we'll send you this information under "There's more...". *If you've indicated you are an EU resident, we will only send these communications if you intentionally check this box. Customized Communications 6 of 6 Yes! I want to tell you more about myself and receive personalized communications in the future. Area(s) Of Interest Built Environmental and Health 1 of 15 Child and Family Well Being2 of 15 Childhood Obesity3 of 15 Disease Prevention and Health Promotion4 of 15 Early Childhood5 of 15 Health Care Coverage and Access6 of 15 Health Care Quality and Value7 of 15 Health Disparities8 of 15 Health Leadership Development9 of 15 Nursing and Nursing10 of 15 Public and Community Health11 of 15 Social Determinants of Health12 of 15 Global Ideas for U.S. Solutions13 of 15 New Jersey - Our Home State14 of 15 Pioneering Ideas for an Equitable Future15 of 15 Which profession or pursuit best describes you? Academic/Researcher Academic/Student Community Advocate General Public Grantee (past or present) Grantmaker Health Care Professional Job Seeker Media Policymaker/Staffer Other Other Unsubscribe Stop receiving all emails from RWJF Unsubscribe from all emails Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. CONTACT RWJF 50 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540-6614 US Toll Free: (877) 843-7953 International: +1 (609) 627-6000 MANAGE YOUR GRANTS MyRWJF Login Twitter link Facebook link LinkedIn link YouTube link Our Vision Our Vision Overview Why Health Equity Focus Areas Measuring RWJF Progress Confronting Structural Racism to Transform Health Grants Grants Overview Active Funding Opportunities Awarded Grants Grantee Stories Grant Process Grantee Resources Insights Insights Overview Blog Our Research Advocacy And Policy About RWJF About RWJF Overview Our Guiding Principles How We Work Impact Investments Staff And Trustees Press Room Careers Contact Us ©2001- Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Manage Email Privacy Statement Terms and Conditions