The Malta Independent Login Login with Facebook Login with Google+ Login with Twitter Login with Independent Keep me signed in with social media Remember me Forgot your password? Register 6 March 2024, Wednesday RSS View E-Paper Local News Interviews Most Read World News Oddities Debate Editor's Blog Blogs & Opinions Polls Sports Football Tennis MOTORSPORTS Waterpolo Basketball Olympics Commonwealth Games Others Business News World Financial Company News Arts Stage Books Music Cinema TV Crossword Sudoku Arcade Life Human Health Food Education Growing Up Motoring Fashion Videos Latest Videos Indepth Newspaper Leader Letters Opinions Cartoon Lifestyle & Culture Supplements E-Paper Magazines Taste & Flair First A & H I DO Motoring Vamp Malta Business Review Jobs In Malta Latest News: Hunting group accuses BirdLife of 'deceit' Direct orders for roadworks exceeded €13 million in 2023 VisitMalta Renews Partnership with Giro d'Italia for 2024 Edition Ministers worked an intentionally fragmented system and should resign post-Sofia inquiry – PN Former Attard FC committee member jailed six months for match-fixing 5 more stories Updated: Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads logins restored after widespread outage Users of Meta's Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms are experiencing login issues in what appears to be a widespread outage. Internet traffic observer Down Detector is reporting... Comments (0) Share Jeremie Camilleri gets 40 years in prison for murder of Pelin Kaya Jeremie Camilleri has been sentenced to 40 years in prison for the murder of Pelin Kaya on 18 January 2023. Camilleri was sentenced after pleading guilty last month to killing Kaya and to 13... Comments (2) Share latest comment from L. Attard, 05/03/2024 12:38: Seeing how there was irrefutable evidence and eye witnesses and this was a clear-cut case, why was he given a plea deal? Why are our authorities helping this barbaric psychopath get a shorter sentence rather than spend the rest of his life behind bars where he belongs? New Comment Reply Click to rate 1 0 PN to call no-confidence vote on three ministers after Sofia inquiry Nationalist Party leader Bernard Grech has said his party will be tabling a motion calling for a vote of no confidence in the three government ministers who oversee entities said to have displayed... Comments (4) Share latest comment from Vassals, 05/03/2024 07:37: Government sees the public inquiry as an instrument with which to reform the construction sector. Start the reform at the top! Reform the ministers who let this all happen! New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 Ministers worked an intentionally fragmented system and should resign post-Sofia inquiry – PN Nationalist MPs said Tuesday that under Robert Abela’s leadership, Ministers Miriam Dalli, Silvio Schembri, and Stefan Zrinzo Azzopardi led “an intentionally fragmented system” and... Comments (0) Share El Hiblu trial: Two accused will be tried separately from third man who absconded The Criminal Court will try two of the young men indicted for allegedly hijacking an oil tanker that had rescued them, separately from a third co-accused, who the police say, has... Comments (0) Share Over 250,000 people in the Maltese islands estimated to be overweight, says Minister Current estimates show that over a quarter million people on the Maltese islands suffer from having excess weight. As a result, work is underway to address this challenge by the Ministry of Health,... Comments (0) Share VisitMalta Renews Partnership with Giro d'Italia for 2024 Edition VisitMalta has announced the renewal of its partnership with the Giro d'Italia for the 2024 edition. The Malta Tourism Authority will continue sponsoring the Giro d'Italia, "further solidifying... Comments (0) Share 42-year prison sentence handed to Qormi valley murderer Eliott Paul Busuttil Eliott Paul Busuttil has been jailed for 42 years for the brutal murder of 62-year-old Mario Farrugia in 2022 and the attempted murder of another man, whom he had attacked with a meat cleaver in... Comments (0) Share Grech promises Sofia’s parents that PN will continue to give full support after inquiry publication The leader of the Nationalist Party, Bernard Grech, has met the parents of Jean Paul Sofia, Isabelle Bonnici and John Sofia, and has told them that his party shall continue working to achieve two... Comments (1) Share latest comment from C Xerri, 05/03/2024 12:40: "Grech promises Sofia’s parents that PN will continue to give full support after inquiry publication" ... and of course make full use of the inquiry report to try to get political mileage of the report of this tragedy. New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 Hunting group accuses BirdLife of 'deceit' The Kaċċaturi San Ubertu said that it condemns hunting and trapping illegalities "no less than condemning blatant deceit spread by Birdlife Malta to reach their abolitionist aims." It... Comments (0) Share Direct orders for roadworks exceeded €13 million in 2023 The total value of contracts, by direct order, given out for roadbuilding during 2023 is €13,721,063.46 excluding VAT. This was revealed in parliament today by the Minister of Transport,... Comments (0) Share don't miss recent poll Blogs & Opinions Alfred Sant MEP Space exploration Emmanuel J. Galea Gozo: Our prehistoric legacy is under threat Mark Said An epidemic in the making Kevin Cassar Running for his life? Carmel Cacopardo Blood on their hands Alicia Bugeja Said Groundwater – a necessary call to action Noel Grima We’re back to public executions Gejtu Vella It is not enough to be compassionate Owen Bonnici Jean Paul Sofia Alfred Sant MEP Beasts and humans Former Attard FC committee member jailed six months for match-fixing A former Attard FC committee member was on Tuesday jailed for six months and interdicted for life for match-fixing, after his punishment was increased on appeal. During his arraignment in... Comments (0) Share Valletta Film Festival, with more films, patrons, cost ten times less than Mediterrane Film Festival Former Film Commissioner Oliver Mallia has dismissed the report on the economic and industry impacts of the Mediterrane Film Festival held last June, arguing that the previously held Valletta Film... Comments (0) Share MDA says property market performance in February ‘historic’ The Malta Development Association (MDA) reported an unprecedented surge in the property market for February 2024, marking it as the most successful February in the Malta’s recorded history.... Comments (1) Share latest comment from adriang, 05/03/2024 08:40: How many contracts were actually signed? New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 France becomes the only country to explicitly guarantee abortion as a constitutional right French lawmakers on Monday overwhelmingly approved a bill to enshrine abortion rights in France's constitution, making it the only country to explicitly guarantee a woman’s right to... Comments (0) Share Three ministers open Nadur Primary School following €6.3m modernisation project Over €6.3 million was spent to modernize the two-storey Nadur Primary School, the government said. The building, originally constructed in the early 20th century, was given a completely new... Comments (1) Share latest comment from J.Degabriele, 05/03/2024 13:46: Any need for THREE ministers? They weren't sending a rocket to the moon! New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 TMID Editorial: Desensitised to political scandals The country has become far too desensitised to political scandals. Over the past few years, there have been far too many to count, yet political responsibility is lacking. Under former Prime... Comments (0) Share PM found guilty of ethics breach, Cassola says Prime Minister Robert Abela has been found guilty by the Standards Commissioner of a breach of ethics, independent candidate Arnold Cassola said. Cassola said he had been informed that a report... Comments (3) Share latest comment from Carmel J. Vella, 05/03/2024 12:38: You described the PM exactingly what he is: A duck !! New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 ‘United for Collective Liberation’: Women’s Day march to be held in Valletta On Friday, 8 March, women, non-binary, trans people, and allies will be gathering near the Tritons Fountain at 6pm to march through the streets of Valletta in observance of International Women’s... Comments (0) Share news in pictures don't miss Nine out of 10 persons aged between 16 and 74 years used the internet in 2023 – NSO Share Haiti orders a curfew after gangs overrun its two largest prisons; 4,000 inmates escape Share Recreational space inaugurated in Toni Vella Garden, Naxxar, following €40,000 investment Share ‘We need to find a way to make a two-State solution work’ - US Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Share Swarms of legislative locusts: How EU policy is affecting agriculture Share He turns 16 today, aiming to follow in footsteps of grandfather, mother Share OHSA and BCA take action over Qormi ceiling collapse Share Four years later: Covid-19 pandemic revisited Share Social benefits racket: Silvio Grixti, four more to be charged in court - reports Share events Sports VisitMalta Renews Partnership with Giro d'Italia for 2024 Edition Arsenal demolish Sheffield United 6-0 in latest statement win in EPL title bid Inter continue march to Serie A title with win over Genoa to go 15 points clear Premier League: Controversial penalty paves way for Sliema’s victory Napoli beat Juventus with late goal to rekindle Champions League spot hopes Man City's 3-1 win against Man United provides reality check for Jim Ratcliffe Premier League: Spirited Citizens block champions for a precious draw Clayton Castaldi, Tenishia Thornton win top honours at National Sportsmen of the Year awards Dybala scores again as Roma renaissance continues under De Rossi with win at Monza Liverpool exhausted, injury-hit and relying on youngsters - they keep on winning for Klopp Whistleblower testifies on Transport Malta driving test corruption racket The man who blew the whistle on a corrupt racket at Transport Malta’s licensing department has given his account of how he had been made to choose between complying with illegal orders or... Comments (0) Share Ħamrun Railway Station restored at a cost of €250,000 The Ħamrun Local Council has completed the restoration and conservation project of its railway station at a cost of €250,000. This sum was derived through European funds and national... Comments (0) Share Inter continue march to Serie A title with win over Genoa to go 15 points clear It’s becoming more and more a matter of when and not if Inter Milan will be crowned Serie A champion. Inter beat Genoa 2-1 on Monday and extended its lead to 15 points over second-placed... Comments (0) Share New campaign to educate the general public on cannabis use and legislation The government is to launch an educational campaign on the responsible use of cannabis. Addressing the media, Leonid McKay, head of Authority for the Responsible Use of Cannabis, said... Comments (3) Share latest comment from J. Portelli, 05/03/2024 07:10: Enforce the law and they will be educated in an instance don’t worry… New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 ‘A dog is for life,’ animal sanctuary manager says as bigger dogs are not adopted There is a problem of many big dogs being abandoned and not being adopted, said Rosalind Agius, an animal activist and the sanctuary manager of the Association for Abandoned Animals Agius... Comments (2) Share latest comment from Paul bermon, 04/03/2024 10:42: Malta turns houses into flats so people have no room for a big dog, go and visit Barcelona or Madrid, most people have small dogs and live in flats which works well. Sad but true New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 Ombudsman’s office opens investigation into stable permits by Planning Authority The Commissioner for Environment and Planning, Perit Alan Saliba, following consultation with the Ombudsman Judge Emeritus Joseph Zammit McKeon, has initiated a comprehensive Own Initiative... Comments (5) Share latest comment from Toni Borg, 04/03/2024 16:45: Why not also include Sheep Farms once we're at it!!! Seems like over the past few years, more permits for Sheep Farms have been issued than we actually have sheep herds!! New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 Arsenal demolish Sheffield United 6-0 in latest statement win in EPL title bid Arsenal delivered another statement win in its English Premier League title challenge by thrashing last-placed Sheffield United 6-0 to stay in touch with Liverpool and Manchester City on... Comments (0) Share Evidence from finch trapping sites shows abuse of smokescreen ‘scientific research’ derogation As the European Court of Justice (ECJ) prepares for this week’s hearing on the smokescreen finch ‘research’ derogation in “Case C-23/23 European Commission v Republic of... Comments (3) Share latest comment from missawt, 04/03/2024 13:19: It is not 'scientific research' but 'science fiction'. New Comment Reply Click to rate 0 0 Man grievously injured after fall A man was seriously injured early on Monday when he fell in a private residence in Kercem, the police said. The 23-year-old man from Poland was taken to Gozo Hospital for treatment. The... Comments (0) Share TMID Editorial: A la carte transparency While everyone’s eyes were focused on the publication of the public inquiry into the death of Jean Paul Sofia, another awaited and important report was – at the same time – published... Comments (2) Share latest comment from RF, 04/03/2024 12:13: The minister and commissioner think they can fool the people. They are typical bogans from the sticks. And yet Robert Abela condones them because thousands flocked to see the Gladiator sets. As if that has anything to do with the squandering of public funds by his appointed nincompoops. New Comment Reply Click to rate 1 0 don't miss Government to set up pool of lawyers, architects to help citizens with construction complaints - PM Share ‘Nothing is going to change while Labour is in government,’ Grech says in the wake of Sofia inquiry Share Biker grievously injured in Ghajn Tuffieha crash Share TMIS Editorial - Sofia public inquiry: Politicians must pay the price too Share Premier League: Controversial penalty paves way for Sliema’s victory Share Napoli beat Juventus with late goal to rekindle Champions League spot hopes Share Business From Apex to Uniplural Group: Crafting a collective identity for tomorrow Owen Micallef appointed as director for Lidl Malta BOV offers MAPFRE MSV Life Capital guaranteed and Income Plans Floating wonders MAPFRE and BOV organise a conference on Employees Well-being and Engagement The Convenience Shop Group marks 15 years of success and innovation New FPEI event will unlock entrepreneurial potential CareMalta Group presents the 2023 Quality Assurance Audit Awards Branch transformation project at APS Bank Rabat MFSA’s Company Service Providers reform reduces sector’s risk levels More stories open Terms of Use Advertising Rates Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Declaration Designed and developed by Deloitte Digital Independent Online. ©2024. Standard Publications Ltd. Registered Office: Standard House, Birkirkara Hill, St. Julian’s, STJ 1149, Malta.