WebRTC English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Home Guides Support Home Guides Support Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities. See how. WebRTC Looking for the old webrtc.org? Click here Real-time communication for the web With WebRTC, you can add real-time communication capabilities to your application that works on top of an open standard. It supports video, voice, and generic data to be sent between peers, allowing developers to build powerful voice- and video-communication solutions. The technology is available on all modern browsers as well as on native clients for all major platforms. The technologies behind WebRTC are implemented as an open web standard and available as regular JavaScript APIs in all major browsers. For native clients, like Android and iOS applications, a library is available that provides the same functionality. The WebRTC project is open-source and supported by Apple, Google, Microsoft and Mozilla, amongst others. This page is maintained by the Google WebRTC team. What can WebRTC do? There are many different use-cases for WebRTC, from basic web apps that uses the camera or microphone, to more advanced video-calling applications and screen sharing. We have gathered a number of code samples to better illustrate how the technology works and what you can use it for. Samples Application flow A WebRTC application will usually go through a common application flow. Accessing the media devices, opening peer connections, discovering peers, and start streaming. We recommend that new developers read through our introduction to WebRTC before they start developing. Overview Next steps Start with our codelab to become familiar with the WebRTC APIs for the web (JavaScript). Get started Key topics WebRTC on MDN Samples Source repository Support Google Groups Stack Overflow Twitter Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어