Home | Doctors Without Borders - USA Skip to main content URGENT MSF is responding to the emergency in Gaza Read more Work With Us Ways to give Donate now Give Monthly More Ways to Give Search Search results Back Search Sort by Most relevantMost recent Click to close search dialog COMMON QUESTIONS What is MSF doing in Ukraine? What is MSF’s mission? How does MSF use donations? How can I help? 90% of our funding comes from individual donors. Learn how you can support MSF’s lifesaving care with a gift. Our Work What We Do Discover how we bring lifesaving care to those who need it most Where We Work Explore our work in more than 70 countries Medical Issues Learn about the diseases and medical conditions we treat Our Work in Focus Understand the complex crises we're responding to About Us Who We Are A global movement providing lifesaving care Finances, Reporting & Accountability Get our annual financial statements and nonprofit tax filings Our History Understand our founding principles and the history of our work The US Office Find out more about our US headquarters Latest News News & Stories Get the latest from our projects around the world Alert Magazine Read features from our quarterly magazine Activities Events Calendar Connect with the MSF movement Latest Campaigns Become a part of MSF’s most important lifesaving work today Get Involved Ways to Get Involved Discover the many ways you can support our lifesaving work Ways to Give Individuals like you provide 90% of our funding Fundraise We make it easy to raise money to support the MSF movement Friends of MSF Chapters Learn how to get involved with our university student groups Attend an Event Connect with the MSF movement Latest Campaigns Become a part of MSF’s most important lifesaving work today DONATE Donate Now Give Monthly More Ways to Give DONATE Menu We need your support to continue this lifesaving work. Donate Our Work What We Do Where We Work Medical Issues Our Work in Focus About Us Who We Are Finances, Reporting & Accountability Our History The US Office Latest News News & Stories Alert Magazine Activities Events Calendar Latest Campaigns Get Involved Ways to Get Involved Ways to Give Fundraise Friends of MSF Chapters Attend an Event Latest Campaigns Header Search DONATE Donate Now Give Monthly More Ways to Give Work With Us Ways to give Donate now Give Monthly More Ways to Give Search We speak out. Get updates. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Youtube Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Medium Scroll down for content Palestine 2024 © MSF In Gaza, staff are risking their lives to provide care Restrictions on aid and a lack of protection for humanitarian staff makes it nearly impossible to provide care in Gaza. Read more Support our work We provide independent, impartial medical humanitarian assistance to the people who need it most. Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) cares for people affected by conflict, disease outbreaks, natural and human-made disasters, and exclusion from health care in more than 70 countries. Learn more about What We Do Our reach How we use funds 72+ Countries and territories are home to our medical humanitarian projects 16,272,300 Medical consultations were conducted by our humanitarian teams 1,214,100 Patients admitted to MSF hospitals or clinics around the world 83% Programs that bring emergency medical care directly to the people who need it 16% Fundraising that supports our medical humanitarian work 1% Management and general expenses to cover administration *Figures from latest International Activity Report Small voices: The youngest victims of conflict in Ituri, DR Congo story Mar 01, 2024 story Mar 04, 2024 Left to Drown: Distress calls unanswered in the Mediterranean story Feb 28, 2024 17 days in captivity along the US-Mexico border story Mar 04, 2024 MSF UK board member killed during Israeli offensive in Khan Younis News Feb 29, 2024 Gaza: MSF statement on deadly incident that killed over 100 Palestinians seeking aid Get the latest stories Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Youtube Follow us on linkedin Follow us on Medium The principles that drive us We are independent, impartial, and neutral. We are guided by universal medical ethics. We are committed to bearing witness. We are transparent and accountable. We are committed to diversity, equity and inclusion.Learn more about who we are Medical care where it’s needed most. MSF teams treat a wide range of medical issues, from disease outbreaks to malnutrition to war wounds. And we put our decades of experience to work to produce groundbreaking medical research. Explore medical issues The work we do When emergencies occur, MSF teams are often among the first to arrive—and the last to leave. Get an in-depth look at our work, including the how and why of where we respond and the challenges we face. Explore our focus issues How you can help We’re an international movement supported by more than 7 million private donors worldwide. Get involved to help us deliver medical humanitarian aid where it’s needed most. Be a fundraiser There are many ways for you to support MSF with fundraising, from athletic and community events to online video game streaming. Read more Attend an event We host regular in-person and virtual events that are free and open to the public. Read more Becoming a sustaining donor As a recurring donor, you play a vital role in ensuring that we are ready to save lives at a moment's notice. Read more Get Involved © Médecins Sans Frontières 2024 Federal tax ID#: 13-3433452 For Donors Donor Services Finances & Accountability Ways to Give Major Giving Partner Program Planned Giving Foundation Support Corporate Support For Supporters Latest Campaigns Fundraise Attend an Event Volunteer Join a Chapter For Media News & Stories Offices Around the World For Recruits Work in the US office Find a Role in the Field Field Work Application Guide Internships General Interest Contact Us Privacy Policy Scam Warning © Médecins Sans Frontières 2024 Federal tax ID#: 13-3433452 We speak out. Get updates. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Youtube Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Medium How we use funds Your gift helps us provide medical humanitarian aid for hundreds of thousands of people each year. Learn more 83% Programs 16% Fundraising 1% Management & General Admin