DataReportal – Global Digital Insights ☰ Back HOME REPORTS ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ☰ HOME REPORTS ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER Scroll ALL THE NUMBERS YOU NEED DataReportal offers thousands of free reports that help you make sense of what people are really doing online. Top Digital Trends in 2024Ten essential headlines from our Digital 2024 Global Overview Report.Explore the complete report and expert analysis in this article. GLOBAL OVERVIEWSEssential global and regional insights, with comparisons across key economies. Explore → LOCAL INSIGHTSIn-depth local findings for more than 230 countries and territories around the world. Explore → SPECIALIST REPORTSData and trends for specific topics, with regional overviews and local insights. Explore → Quick Search Alternatively, click here to browse all reports. Featured Reports Digital 2024 Global Overview ReportAll the data and trends you need to make sense of global digital behaviours today. Includes rich insights into the world’s internet behaviours, social media preferences, mobile habits, ecommerce activities, and digital marketing trends.Read more → Digital 2024 Local Country HeadlinesA handy collection of all the latest local market data, with essential headlines for digital adoption and use in almost every country in the world. Includes headline figures for the use of mobile phones, internet adoption, and social media use.Read more → Digital 2023 Global Overview ReportOur flagship Digital 2023 report, with all the numbers you need to make sense of global digital behaviours in 2023. Top stories include a decline in time spent online, but growth in social media use. You’ll also find all of our regular data points exploring essential digital trends.Read more → Digital 2023 October Global Statshot ReportAll the top stories and trends in the world of digital in October 2023. Top findings this quarter include a big new milestone for Facebook, big jumps in ad reach for many of the world’s top social platforms, and an in-depth look at referral trends from organic social media posts.Read more → FEATURED VIDEOS THE OUTLOOK FOR DIGITAL IN 2023DataReportal’s chief analyst, Simon Kemp, guides us through a detailed exploration of the latest trends in global digital behaviours, and offers a wealth of insights and perspectives on what we might expect to see in the year ahead. JAPAN’S DIGITAL DIFFERENCESA closer look at why digital behaviours in Japan are so different to those that we see almost everywhere else in the world. Includes valuable insights into Japan’s digital evolution, and explores what the latest trends tell us today’s connected behaviours. GET INSIGHTS IN YOUR INBOX Email Address Subscribe Don’t worry, we hate spam too. We won’t share your details with anyone else.Please read our privacy policy for full details. Thank you! You’ll receive a confirmation email from us shortly. Please click on the button in that email to confirm your subscription, otherwise we won’t be able to send you updates. Latest Reports Featured Digital 2024: Zimbabwe All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Zimbabwe in 2024, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms. Read More → Digital 2024: Zambia All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Zambia in 2024, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms. Read More → Digital 2024: Yemen All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Yemen in 2024, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms. Read More → Digital 2024: Western Sahara All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Western Sahara in 2024, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms. Read More → Digital 2024: Wallis and Futuna All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Wallis and Futuna in 2024, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms. Read More → Digital 2024: Vietnam All the data, insights, and trends you need to help you make sense of the “state of digital” in Vietnam in 2024, including detailed statistics for internet use, social media use, and mobile use, as well as user numbers for all the top social platforms. Read More → Complete CollectionClick here to browse all of our reports by country, region, year, and topic. DataReportal DataReportal reports@kepios.com Hours Browse All Reports Global Reports Regional Reports Local Reports Special Reports Search Info About Contact Citation & Reuse Notes on Data Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Connect Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Instagram YouTube Pinterest © Kepios. All rights reserved.