The Work of Edward Tufte and Graphics Press EDWARD TUFTE HOME NEW ONE-DAY COURSE BOOKS ONLINE COURSE ET NOTEBOOKS SCULPTURE PRINTS POSTERS, GRAPH PAPER ABOUT ET CART The work of Edward Tufte and Graphics Press Graphics Press LLC P.O. Box 430 Cheshire, CT 06410 800 822-2454 New One-Day Course Reports and Presentations: Content, Honesty, Clarity, Efficiency, Truth 'Edward Tufte is the revelatory retina of our time, ever connecting eye and brain in enlightening new ways. He creates masterpieces about design that are themselves masterpieces of design. Seeing with Fresh Eyes: Meaning, Space, Data, Truth takes all that he knows into a yet deeper level of wisdom and wider realm of inquiry. A completely delicious work.' Stewart Brand, creator of the Whole Earth Catalog Order book now direct from Graphics Press: Seeing with Fresh Eyes: Meaning, Space, Data, Truth Hogpen Hill Farms: ET's Landscape Sculpture Park Hogpen Hill Farms is a 234-acre tree farm + landscape sculpture park with 100 ET artworks in Litchfield County in northwest Connecticut. The sculpture farm is closed at this time; once 2024 dates are confirmed, they will be listed here. (Please do not come on days when the park is closed. There is no access, the gates are closed.) "It is wild, whimsical, grand and incredibly beautiful, with sculptures ranging from stainless steel surfaces reflecting every nuance of light, to lacy stone walls and silent boulder megaliths." Michele McDonald, Boston Globe "North America's best sculpture park: Edward Tufte's Hogpen Hill Farms" Philip Greenspun "Each of the works transforms the landscape, see these amazing artworks up close." Atlas Obscura Analyzing/Presenting Data/Information:An online video course taught by Edward Tufte The online video course is open for sign-ups. Topics covered in this one-day online course include: Fundamental data analysis/design strategies: diagrams, data visualizations, maps, images, text, tables, videos, small multiples, sparklines, medical interfaces, sentences and paragraphs. Future of information displays: 4K, 6K video-maps and stop-action moving in time. Practical real examples: medicine, business and finance, NASA, medical research, science and engineering, and a 40-page chapter from Seeing with Fresh Eyes on data analysis when the truth matters. How to make meetings smarter and shorter - teaching, very large meetings, medical appointments, hearings, small groups making decisions. How to improve both the content and credibility of presentations. Spectatorship: How to be a smart consumer of presentations, assessing their credibility and content. 323,000 people from 1994 to 2020 attended continuously changing live versions of the ET course Presenting Data and Information. But now we have an online course video. This course can be viewed anytime, and students receive all 5 ET books in advance by mail - for study hall and reading during the course. The online video is closely keyed to the books, with short reading throughout the course. Edward Tufte teaches the entire course. Each student receives all five ET books on information design: "One visionary day.... the insights of this class lead to new levels of understanding both for creators and viewers of visual displays." WIRED "The Leonardo da Vinci of data." THE NEW YORK TIMES "The Galileo of graphics." BLOOMBERG "Tufte one-day course best ever" taosecurity Edward Tufte course "Edward Tufte: Triumph of Good Design" New York Edward Tufte course "Master statistician weaves Google images into visual quilts." The Verge "The thinking eye" NPR Science Friday on current work "The Information Sage" Washington Monthly Tufte presidential appointment "Curious misfits: Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, Edward Tufte, Aaron Swartz" Slate Edward Tufte is a statistician and artist, and Professor Emeritus of Political Science, Statistics, and Computer Science at Yale University. He wrote, designed, and self-published 4 classic books on data visualization. The New York Times described ET as the "Leonardo da Vinci of data," and Bloomberg as the "Galileo of graphics." He is now completing a book Meaning, Space, Models, Data, Truth, and constructing a 234-acre tree farm and sculpture park in northwest Connecticut, which will show his artworks and remain open space in perpetuity. He founded Graphics Press, ET Modern Gallery/Studio, and Hogpen Hill Farms. All 5 books by Edward Tufte also now in paperback editions, $180 for all 5 catalog + shopping cart Visual Display of Quantitative Information 200 pages Envisioning Information 128 pages Visual Explanations 160 pages Beautiful Evidence 214 pages Seeing with Fresh Eyes: Meaning, Space, Data, Truth 176 pages Same paper and printing as in original clothbound editions. All 5 clothbound books, autographed by author $280 Available directly from Graphics Press. ET e-books, immediate download to any computer: Visual and Statistical Thinking: Evidence-Based Decisions $5 The Cognitive Style of Powerpoint $5 Seeing Around + Cognitive Art of Feynman Diagrams $5 Data Analysis for Politics and Policy (book, 150 pages) $9 catalog + shopping cart Hogpen Hill Farms is ET's 234-acre tree farm + landscape sculpture park in Woodbury, CT with 100 ET artworks. Artists, art writers, reporters can arrange private tour. "North America's best sculpture park: Edward Tufte's Hogpen Hill Farms" Philip Greenspun “An absolutely beautiful film. It picks up where Helvetica left off. Inge Druckrey's wonderful teaching is an inspiration.” Luke Geissbuhler, cinematographer of Helvetica “A great story beautifully told.” Ken Carbone An ET MODERN film, 37 minutes, all for free click above. Produced by Edward Tufte, Directed and Edited by Andrei Severny Art: ET Notebooks Hogpen Hill Farms artworks Continuous silent megaliths: structures of unknown significance The Twigs: Landscape artworks made from steel and air Airstream Interplanetary Explorer Sentences off the Grid Geese taking flight (300 frames/second) Magritte's Smile (giant fish) Flowing Steel Confections Bouquet sculptures Stainless steel engravings Artful Feynman Diagrams Philosophical Diamond Signs Bookprints: 16 new prints Rocket Science #1 (Spacecraft) Rocket Science #2 (Lunar Lander) Ironstone artworks, torqued steel Image data quilts: our new website Beautiful Evidence chronicles Tong Bird of Paradise Drawing Center show: ET art Masks Quartet, casting, 2011 Dogs+art: Whose hermeneutic? Designing a museum garden Alley Art Sculpture forgings (blacksmith work) Stonespace and Airspace = Lacy Stone Walls Hogpen Hill Farms LLC: Architectural evergreens and ornamental grasses Millstone sculpture, 1-8 Binterview with ET Airspaces sculpture Ace and Porta do multimedia Buddha with Bird Nest: sculpture Flame Theater Seeing Around: new ET essay Horizons, vistas, and skylines Art Theorists Speak Out Cartoonishly Walking maps (and minimizing the visual interface) Porta and the Birds (300 frames/second) Table sculptures Hogpen Hill #1 landscape sculpture Skewed Machine sculpture Sheep visit landscape sculpture 12 reviews, ET art exhibits Babar's dream (and framing books) Spring Arcs, landscape artwork Sculpture theory and practice Dog sculptures Bird Series ZZ Smile (Zerlina's Smile) sculpture Dear Leader sculpture Science: ET Notebooks Overlapping data graphics Sentences off the Grid Sparkline theory and practice Lousy PowerPoint: Fault of users? Artful Feynman Diagrams Chartjunk Lists: design and construction, by Edward Tufte iPhone interface design Maps moving in time: a standard of excellence for data displays Practical advice for medical patients PowerPoint does rocket science + better techniques for technical reports Beautiful Evidence chronicles Advice for effective analytical reasoning Megan Jaegerman's brilliant news graphics Making better inferences from statistical graphics Edward Tufte Image data quilts: our new website Cancer survival rates: tables, graphs Feynman-Tufte Principle Table and timetable design and typography Dashboards: decision displays Field color charts: salmon, leaf, dog . . . Binterview with ET Feynman,"Nature cannot be fooled" Saturn images in Galileo's text Pioneer space plaque Bookprints: 16 new prints Geese taking flight (300 frames/second) Slopegraphs for comparing gradients: Slopegraph theory and practice The meaning of "pessimal" Corrupt presentation techniques Walking maps (and minimizing the visual interface) London Underground maps Taking logarithms in statistical data Goldberg and Design Variations Links, networks, causal diagrams Scaling and scale models Shadows Airstream Interplanetary Explorer Analytical design and human factors Instructions at the point of need Mapped pictures: image annotation Patient-doctor data exchange Grand truths about human behavior Touchscreens have no hand Public concerts: music always too loud? Project management (Gantt) graphics Moderating forums: what's smart, not new Wavefields: HD video data-graphics The magical number 7, plus/minus 2 Microsoft CEO wants ET methods, not PowerPoint! Presentation Metaphors: Conway's Law Plagiarism in PP presentations Graphical timetables Charles Joseph Minard (1781-1870) Book design: advice and examples Commencements: talks, degrees Dappled light Edge Fluting Airport maps and runway incursions Sparkline > Steve Jobs > Andy Warhol in Google results Fudged photos: Mars, OJ, stem-cells . . . Minard's data sources Visual notation of bird songs ET book - Data Analysis for Policy Fitting models to data Predictions and projections: some issues of research design Two-variable linear regression Fitting simple multivariate models Posters, Essays, Graph Paper Fine Arts Prints Graphics Press LLC P.O. Box 430 Cheshire, CT 06410 800 822-2454 or 203 272-9187 Fax 203 272-8600 Photograph of ET: Robert Del Tredici All text and images at this website are copyright © by Edward R. Tufte or by original copyright holders. Material from this website may be reproduced only with the permission of the publisher, Graphics Press LLC. Privacy Policy