Menu ideas.ted.com Explore ideas worth spreading 6 ways to give that aren’t about money Search for: Tech Business Arts + Design Science We humans Search for: We humans 6 ways to give that aren’t about money Good news: You can be a generous person without writing a bunch of checks. In fact, many of the most awe-inspiring and effective examples of generosity are gifts of time and energy, talent and love, custom-fitted to a specific need. This type of giving is open to everyone. Many of the most awe-inspiring […] TED Guest Author Business 3 strategies for effective leadership, from a former astronaut What does leadership look like? While there are various approaches to leading a team, many of us land on common questions in the search for an effective leadership style: How can I be there for my team? Do I need to command respect, or earn it? And the most crucial question of all: […] TED Guest Author We humans A smart way to handle anxiety — courtesy of soccer great Lionel Messi Being incredibly talented doesn’t immunize you against anxiety, but Lionel Messi has mastered a coping mechanism that’s also a tactical weapon, says social psychologist Adam Alter PhD. TED Guest Author Business Feeling unseen by your boss? Here’s what you can do How can you get a distracted manager to notice you and all that you do? Leadership coaches and podcast hosts Frances Frei and Anne Morriss share some actionable advice. TED Guest Author Business Let’s stop calling them “soft skills” — and call them “real skills” instead What separates thriving organizations from struggling ones? Author and thinker Seth Godin explains that it’s all about soft skills. TED Guest Author Business There’s a know-it-all at every job — here’s how to deal Most of us have worked with a know-it-all, someone who always thinks they’re right and hogs meetings. Conflict expert Amy Gallo explains how to make interactions with them less annoying and less damaging. TED Guest Author Business The 7 types of people you need in your life to be resilient For most of us, a major cause of overwhelm at work is the small stuff, or what authors Rob Cross PhD and Karen Dillon call “microstresses.” Good news: Your relationships can actually help you stand up to them — here’s how. TED Guest Author Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website