Health Resources and Services Administration | HRSA Skip to main content U.S. Department of Health & Human Services Health Resources & Services Administration Explore Bureaus and Offices Newsroom Contact HRSA HRSA Menu Home Grants Grants Overview Find Funding Apply for a Grant Manage Your Grant Attend Training Become a Grant Reviewer Award Recipients FAQs Congressionally Directed Spending Get Help with HRSA Grants & EHBs Loans & Scholarships Loans & Scholarships Overview Faculty Loan Repayment National Health Service Corps Native Hawaiian Health Scholarship Nurse Corps Loan Repayment Program Nurse Corps Scholarship Program For Schools: Loan Programs Data Warehouse Data Warehouse Overview Data Explorer Download Data Explore Maps Find Shortage Areas Find a Health Center View Fact Sheets About HRSA About HRSA Overview Budget Bureaus & Offices eNews Key Staff Organization Chart Press Releases Contact Us Search Search Recursos en español Who We Are The Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) provides equitable health care to the nation’s highest-need communities. Our programs support people with low incomes, people with HIV, pregnant people, children, parents, rural communities, transplant patients, and the health workforce.This includes:30 million people in underserved communities.More than 58 million pregnant people, infants, and children.More than 576,000 people with HIV.More than 1,800 rural counties and municipalities.More than 24,000 health professionals in HRSA loan repayment and scholarship programs. Learn more about us News HRSA January in Brief Press Release February 13, 2024 La Administración de Recursos y Servicios de Salud toma nuevas medidas históricas para transformar el sistema de trasplante de órganos para atender mejor a los pacientes Press Release February 8, 2024 Health Resources and Services Administration Takes Historic New Steps to Transform the Organ Transplant System to Better Serve Patients Press Release February 6, 2024 HRSA Administrator Carole Johnson, Joined by Rep. Lauren Underwood, Launches New National Maternal Health Initiative Press Release January 25, 2024 HRSA December in Brief Press Release January 9, 2024 HRSA November in Brief Press Release December 15, 2023 Latest Data from HRSA Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program Highlight Nine Out of Ten Clients with HIV Are Virally Suppressed Press Release December 1, 2023 hhs.gov HHS Celebrates National Rural Health Day Press Release November 16, 2023 hhs.gov Readout: HHS Hosts Roundtable Marking National Rural Health Day Press Release November 15, 2023 hhs.gov Featured HRSA Celebrates National Rural Health Day On National Rural Health Day we highlight the efforts of rural health care providers across the nation to improve quality and increase access to health care services. Join us as we share innovative models and best practices for rural health care delivery. National Maternal Mental Health Hotline Not feeling like yourself? This 24/7, free, confidential hotline for pregnant and new moms can help. It's available in more than 60 languages, including English and Spanish. Promotional materials are available for download. Program Areas Health Centers Provides quality primary and preventive care to millions of patients — regardless of their ability to pay. Health Workforce Strengthens the health workforce and connects skilled providers to communities in need. Maternal & Child Health Improves the health and well-being of America's mothers, children, and families. National Health Service Corps Connects health care clinicians to those with limited access to health care. Provider Relief Funding Supports health care providers in the U.S. to prevent, prepare for, and respond to coronavirus. Rural Health Policy Advises the HHS Secretary and increases the access to high quality health care in rural communities through innovative programs. Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program Provides crucial HIV care, treatment, and support services to more than half a million people with diagnosed HIV. Telehealth Improves access to quality health care services through the use of telehealth. More Program Areas Find high-quality health care Health centers offer a range of affordable primary care services. Locate a HRSA-supported health center Get Health Care Tens of millions of Americans get affordable health care and other help through our programs. Find out how we can help you with your health Be an Organ, Eye, and Tissue Donor You can save 8 people and impact the lives of many others. Sign up to be an organ, eye, and tissue donor Poison-Proof Your Home More than 90% of poisonings occur at home. Follow these steps to keep your home safe Return to top Sign up for email updates. Subscribe Find a Medically Underserved Area Search the data Bureaus & Offices Budget Strategic Plan Working at HRSA About HRSA HRSA Health Resources and Services Administration Facebook X YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Contact Us Helpful Links Accessibility Disclaimers Freedom of Information Act Health and Human Services No FEAR Act Privacy Policy USA.gov Viewers & Players Vulnerability Disclosure Policy WhiteHouse.gov Language Assistance Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Kreyòl Ayisyen Polski Português Tagalog Tiếng Việt Русский العربية فارسی 日本語 繁體中文 한국어