Signing Time Home Page - Signing Time Skip to content Main Menu START HEREMenu Toggle Start off with some of our links belowMenu Toggle My Signing Time Digital Subscription Baby Signing Time (0-3) Signing Time (4-12) Rachel and the TreeSchoolers Potty Time Sign Language Curriculum for Teachers and Homeschoolers Quick LinksMenu Toggle My Signing Time Affiliate Rewards Are Here! My Signing Time Digital Player Signing Time Foundation Resources Join Email DictionaryResourcesMenu Toggle Why Learn Baby Sign Language Resources for Children with Special Needs Sign Language Curriculum for Teachers and Homeschoolers Local Classes – Signing Time Academy FAQs More Resources BlogMenu Toggle All Blog Posts Baby Signing time Signing Time Rachel and the TreeSchoolers Baby Sign Language Signing Time Academy Parenting Articles Our Signing Family SupportMenu Toggle My Signing Time Digital Account Contact Us Awards Privacy Policy About Us Learn Sign Language Now Learn sign language, early reading skills, science, manners, and more with Emmy-nominated actress Rachel Coleman 14-Day Free Trial Safe, Algorithm-Free Education: Over 20 Years, 200,000 Families, and Countless Smiles No ads or algorithms -No Ads-No suggested videos Enjoy our library of learning videos without worrying about inappropriate ads or suggested videos. Celebrating over two decades of excellence: -Over 500 Educational Videos-Trusted By over 250,000 Families Learn more than sign language. Our videos teach reading, science, art, music and empathy. Studies show that children who learn to sign: -Have higher IQ scores-Read at an earlier age Unlock your child’s limitless potential today!read more Learn to sign in 5 minutes Start Signing! FEATURED ON Baby Signing Time Strengthen your connection with your child with Baby Signing Time.Perfect for ages 0-3. My Signing Time Introduce your child to over 1,000 signs and learn how to put signs together.Perfect for ages 4+. Rachel & the TreeSchoolers Teaches science through songs and signs! Your child will explore scientific concepts and learn about teamwork, kindness and sharing.Perfect for ages 2-8. Baby Signing Time is designed to help babies communicate long before talking. This show helps reduce frustration when communicating with your baby. For ages 0-3. Learn More Signing Time is great for people of all ages to learn American Sign Language vocabulary. Introduce your child to over 1,000 signs and learn how to put signs together in sentences. For ages 4 and up. Learn More Rachel & the Treeschoolers teaches science through songs and signs to kids ages 2-8. Explore scientific concepts and social virtues of kindness, teamwork, persistence and sharing. Learn More Exclusively on MySigningTime, Rachel and some of her biggest “little” fans explore new and fun topics like rainbows, manners, feelings, and much more! Click to see Rachel & Me – 14 days Free! Sign Up! Potty Time is a playful and positive approach to potty training. Emmy-nominated host Rachel Coleman teaches through sign and song as she inspires children to use the potty. Learn More Have fun as you take your ASL to the next level! Learn grammar, classifiers, non-manual signals, Deaf culture, and more from many amazing ASL instructors. Sign It ASL is great for tweens, teens, and adults. Learn More Basics Dictionary Flash Cards Wall Carts Products Families Love Signing Time flkittiefish326 You could not imagine how much you child will learn from these. Makes communication a lot less frustrating for you and your child. (Got them for my daughter to use with my grandchild. It took her a little longer to get the signs than it took the baby, who was 15 months when they started learning together.) Jenifer Love Signing Time. My son that is 2 1/2 has Down syndrome and has learned so many sights from watching these videos. He loves that there are multiple factors helping him learn the signs. Sounds, sight, simple explanations to remember them, the actual animals paired with other forms of learning keep his attention and teaches him perfectly. Dana Johnston My almost 2 year old LOVES these videos and can say more words in sign than by talking. Amazon Customer My 1 year old LOVES these videos! She will watch them over and over. And she learned the words so easy! Geri Signing Time is the best! My one year old loves it and can sign various signs already. All my 3 kids have watched it and learned so much. Its so interactive, all the songs are great. If I need a little bit of time to get something done I don't feel bad about letting my littlest one watch signing time. Amazon Customer I love these videos. It makes learning signing fun and engaging through the infusion of music and vibrant visuals. Darlene A. Jones I like the simplicity of it and my 4 year old grandson with autism loved it!!! Still Not Sure? Learn Your First 5 Signs Now Watch From Anywhere Your favorite videos, available wherever you want. Over 100.000 downloads on Google Play. Available On Subscribe now to access My Singing Time app where you go Start Today Start your subscription now to access over 500+ videos, flashcards, sign language dictionary and many more products Learn More About Signing Time Learn sign language now monthly$9.99 or yearly$99.99 Save $20 14-Day Free Trial cancel any time during trial period FAQs Contact Us About Us FAQs Contact Us About Us © 2024 Two Little Hands Productions All Rights Reserved. Scroll to Top Start typing and press enter to search Search …