Staffing Software for Recruiting Agencies | Bullhorn Solutions What is your industry? Light Industrial Healthcare Professional What size is your agency? Start Up Small to Midsize Enterprise By Role Reduce busy work so recruiters can do what they do best – build relationships Recruiting Streamline onboarding and back office processes, plus gain actionable business insights Operations Achieve true financial performance reporting from start to finish Finance Grow reach within key accounts, strengthen client relationships, reduce churn, and incentivize success Sales By Specialty An incredible culture of service Nonprofit Staffing Maximize talent intelligence and make the best hires Executive Search Staffing Use Cases Empower your team to win new business Automate Recruitment Lifecycle Find Top Talent Elevate the Candidate Experience Streamline the Pay and Bill Process Make Better Decisions with Real-Time Reporting Efficiently Manage Credentials Products Pricing Featured Products SourceBreaker Search and match to find top talent and new clients Copilot Accelerate your business with the power of AI Bullhorn Healthcare Streamline credentialing, accelerate time to fill, and drive revenue Growth Solution All-in-one platform for growing firms ATS/CRM Bullhorn ATS/CRM Bullhorn for Salesforce Invenias Executive Search Search and Match Automation & AI Copilot Recruitment Automation VMS Automation Business Intelligence Analytics Custom Reporting Talent Experience Onboarding Messaging Talent Platform Pay / Bill Time & Expense Invoicing Bullhorn One Resources Resources & Research Success Stories Customer Blog Staffing Blog Guides & Resources Events & Webinars SIA | Bullhorn Staffing Indicator Company About Bullhorn Customer Support News & Press Featured Resources NEW! GRID 2024 Industry Trends Report Read More The smarter way to win new business Learn More Meet the Moment: Champions of Change Read More Connected Recruiting Read More Marketplace Intro to Marketplace Build your customized tech stack with the latest and greatest staffing solutions. Learn More View All Partners Bullhorn Marketplace Partner Engagement Hub Become a Partner Bullhorn Ventures Featured Partners Sterling empowers organizations to make smarter, faster, safer hiring decisions. We provide the most comprehensive background and identity services for the evolving global workforce. Sterling Log In Bullhorn ATS & CRM Bullhorn Automation Formerly Herefish Bullhorn Time & Expense Bullhorn Connexys Fast Forward Bullhorn for Salesforce Formerly Talent Rover Bullhorn Jobscience Bullhorn Connexys Bullhorn Onboarding Formerly Able North America United Kingdom Asia Pacific Europe Germany Netherlands France Get Started Solutions Products Resources Marketplace Careers Get Started Log In Solutions What is your industry? Light Industrial Healthcare Professional What size is your agency? Start Up Small to Midsize Enterprise By Role By Specialty Use Cases Empower your team to win new business Automate Recruitment Lifecycle Find Top Talent Elevate the Candidate Experience Streamline the Pay and Bill Process Make Better Decisions with Real-Time Reporting Efficiently Manage Credentials By Role Reduce busy work so recruiters can do what they do best – build relationships Recruiting Streamline onboarding and back office processes, plus gain actionable business insights Operations Achieve true financial performance reporting from start to finish Finance Grow reach within key accounts, strengthen client relationships, reduce churn, and incentivize success Sales By Specialty An incredible culture of service Nonprofit Staffing Maximize talent intelligence and make the best hires Executive Search Staffing Products Pricing Featured Products SourceBreaker Search and match to find top talent and new clients Copilot Accelerate your business with the power of AI Bullhorn Healthcare Streamline credentialing, accelerate time to fill, and drive revenue Growth Solution All-in-one platform for growing firms ATS/CRM Bullhorn ATS/CRM Bullhorn for Salesforce Invenias Executive Search Search and Match Automation & AI Copilot Recruitment Automation VMS Automation Business Intelligence Analytics Custom Reporting Talent Experience Onboarding Messaging Talent Platform Pay / Bill Time & Expense Invoicing Bullhorn One Resources Resources & Research Success Stories Customer Blog Staffing Blog Guides & Resources Events & Webinars SIA | Bullhorn Staffing Indicator Company About Bullhorn Customer Support News & Press Featured Resources NEW! GRID 2024 Industry Trends Report Read More The smarter way to win new business Learn More Meet the Moment: Champions of Change Read More Connected Recruiting Read More Marketplace Intro to Marketplace Build your customized tech stack with the latest and greatest staffing solutions. Learn More View All Partners Bullhorn Marketplace Partner Engagement Hub Become a Partner Bullhorn Ventures Featured Partners Sterling empowers organizations to make smarter, faster, safer hiring decisions. We provide the most comprehensive background and identity services for the evolving global workforce. Sterling Careers Log In Bullhorn ATS & CRM Bullhorn Automation Formerly Herefish Bullhorn Time & Expense Bullhorn Connexys Fast Forward Bullhorn for Salesforce Formerly Talent Rover Bullhorn Jobscience Bullhorn Connexys Bullhorn Onboarding Formerly Able Languages North America United Kingdom Asia Pacific Europe Germany Netherlands France Transform Your Business with Bullhorn Staffing and Recruitment Software Save time and improve productivity with industry-leading staffing software built for recruitment agencies. Get Started Your browser does not support video playback. Play the video. Everything you need in one place Let’s face it – the recruiting lifecycle is complex. Modern day staffing firms need to make sure they can source, search, interview, place, onboard, bill, pay, repeat – and all out of one system, one source of truth. In today’s world, that system of record needs to be in the cloud, secured, and accessible wherever you are – in an office, at home, or on the move. Bullhorn’s staffing software is that homebase for your team. Not only does it help you manage your entire recruitment process end-to-end, but it also acts as a central hub for the rest of your stack. Your browser does not support video playback. Play the video. Automation is the Game-Changer While having everything you need in one place may be table stakes at this point, automation is that secret sauce. The silver bullet. What fundamentally separates you from the competition. The focus on candidate experience is here to stay, and recruiters are expected to have high-touch relationships throughout the candidate journey – from the first call to placement to redeployment. But with only so many hours in one day, you need to pair high-touch service with high-tech efficiency. Automation ultimately complements your workflow, working in the background and multiplying the output of any one recruiter. That’s what making your life easier is all about. Learn More Bullhorn allows us to work faster, expedites placements, and has led to incredible growth. It’s really been pivotal to our growth. It has brought our office out of pre-historic times and into the technology of the future. Jonathan Crane President, Integrity Staffing Why Bullhorn Bullhorn partners with the world’s fastest-growing staffing agencies to help them grow, now and in the future. Our recruitment-first approach helps agencies transform through technology, a dedicated team, and deep industry knowledge. Learn more A team you can trust Bullhorn understands recruitment. Our dedicated global team is focused on understanding the needs of your business to help you see results quickly and position you for long-term success. We have over 350 support and services staff who know your agency and your market, and our customer success team is invested in helping you make the most of our solutions to grow your business and achieve your goals. Smart solutions Bullhorn’s solutions and open ecosystem allow you to differentiate your business by providing clients and talent with increased flexibility, greater speed, and a higher quality of service. Proven playbooks We’ve been serving this market for over 20 years, and strive to bring customers, Marketplace partners, and association partners together as often as possible shares best practices. With deep knowledge of the recruitment industry, Bullhorn develops playbooks to help you engage talent in the right way at the right time, differentiate your firm to clients, and measure your success. Explore Our Staffing Software Solutions Start Up Hit The Ground Running. Whether you’re starting your own staffing business or you’re a small team looking to grow, Bullhorn’s staffing software is built for you. Learn More Small to Midsize Staffing Technology Built to Scale With over 20 years of experience, Bullhorn solutions help staffing firms reach that next phase of growth. Learn More Enterprise With over 20 years’ experience of partnering with the world’s largest staffing firms, the Bullhorn team understands the complex nature of enterprise organizations and is here to help you navigate your own digital transformation journey. Learn More Featured Resources All Resources Guides and Toolkits Why (Partner with) Bullhorn? With more than 10,000 firms in total relying on Bullhorn each and every day, there are many factors to our shared success. Hear from our CEO Art Papas in the video in this guide, and read on to discover how we partner with you to grow your business. Reports & Whitepapers GRID 2023 Industry Trends Report Guides and Toolkits 9 essential Connected Recruiting KPIs Guides and Toolkits Recruiting Automation Buyer’s Guide Guides and Toolkits Marketplace Partner Toolkit Guides and Toolkits Why (Partner with) Bullhorn? Reports & Whitepapers GRID 2023 Industry Trends Report Guides and Toolkits 9 essential Connected Recruiting KPIs Guides and Toolkits Recruiting Automation Buyer’s Guide Guides and Toolkits Marketplace Partner Toolkit All Resources Ready to Get Started? Get a Live Demo © 2000 - 2024 Bullhorn, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Data Transfer Update Bullhorn’s Data Protection Statement CCPA Opt Out Privacy Policy Legal Sitemap Web Design by Gravitate About Bullhorn For the past 25 years, Bullhorn has dedicated itself to building industry-leading, cloud-based software for the staffing and recruitment industry. Through partnerships with 10,000 customers globally, Bullhorn has built a vast knowledge base of recruitment best practices and deep domain expertise to help firms scale their businesses. Founder-led and headquartered in Boston, Bullhorn employs 1,400 people across 14 countries focused on delivering an incredible customer experience – its core mission. Solutions By Size Start Up Small to Midsize Enterprise Solutions By Industry Professional Staffing Healthcare Light Industrial Nonprofit Executive Search Solutions By Role Recruiting Sales Finance Operations Products Pricing Ad Hoc Reporting Applicant Tracking & CRM Bullhorn One Data Replication Executive Search Invoicing Messaging Onboarding Recruitment and Staffing Automation Software Salesforce Solutions Time & Expense VMS Automation Company About Bullhorn Press Kit Contact Us Careers Popular Resources Staffing Blog Customer Blog ATS Buyer's Guide Automation All-Stars Staffing Technology Glossary Partner Marketplace Help & Support Customer Support Developer Resources Get A Live Demo