Discovery | The National Archives Skip to Main Content Menu About us About us home Our role Visit us Opening times What’s on Exhibitions Events Get involved News Commercial opportunities Education Education home Time periods Lessons Workshops Professional development For teachers For students Help with your research Help with your research home Search Discovery, our catalogue Start your research here Research guides A-Z Online collections UK Government Web Archive British citizenship services Record copying Information management Information management home Guidance and standards A-Z Copyright How to manage your information Re-using PSI Producing official publications Legislation and regulations Training Archives sector Archives sector home Historical Manuscripts Commission Finding funding Projects and programmes Case studies and research reports Operating your archive Our role in the archives sector More... Shop Image library Blog Podcasts and videos Contact us Sign in Register No items This website uses cookies We place some essential cookies on your device to make this website work. We'd like to use additional cookies to remember your settings and understand how you use our services. This information will help us make improvements to the website. Set cookie preferences Home Discovery Discovery help Send us feedback Explore the catalogue Access records held by The National Archives and more than 2,500 other archives. Search for Between Enter a year in the YYYY format. and Enter a year in the YYYY format. Held by All archives The National Archives only Other archives only Advanced search or browse Search Popular collections Medals Wills Royal Navy service records RAF combat reports Royal Marines' service records View more collections What is Discovery? Discovery holds more than 37 million descriptions of records held by The National Archives and more than 3,500 archives across the country. Over 9 million records are available for download. Frequent searches World War One army service records Passenger lists Merchant navy service World War One army war diaries Poor law Naturalisation Muster books Research guides Our guides are a great place to start your research. What are you looking for? Family history First World War All subjects Browse our research guides Tag our records Tags make finding records easier.So far, 50,000 tags have been added for over 90,000 records. See all tags Find an archive Search for an archive Find the details of a UK archive from our searchable list of over 3,500 archives View more options Manorial Documents Register The Manorial Documents Register is the official index to English and Welsh manorial records. It provides brief descriptions of documents and details of their locations in public and private hands. Sign me up to the mailing list Subscribe now for regular news, updates and priority booking for events Sign up About our privacy policy Footer The National Archives Kew, Richmond TW9 4DU Find out more Contact us Press room Jobs and careers Friends of The National Archives Site help Help Website A-Z index Accessibility Websites Blog Podcasts and videos Bookshop Image library UK Government Web Archive Legislation.gov.ukOpens a new window Find case law The GazetteOpens a new window Legal Terms of use Privacy policy Cookies Freedom of Information Transparency Our fees Follow us Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window Opens a new window All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated Opens in a new window Version 7.16 - February 2024 - OffSite