Hilary Parker Skip to content Hilary Parker Close collapsed About Me Speaking chatGPT Coaching Podcast R Mugs CV & Resume twitter email linkedin Menu expanded About Me Hello, I’m Hilary Parker! I’m a Data Scientist, previously of Stitch Fix, Etsy, and the 2020 Biden for President Campaign. I’m passionate about the intersection of data science and product, from deeply understanding users to designing new experiences that depend on innovative data pipelines and client interactions. My work from Stitch Fix was featured in Wired, and I am the lead inventor on a patent (US Patent Application 20200302506, notice of allowance received, pending final grant). I also have a data science podcast — Not So Standard Deviations — that I have co-hosted with Roger Peng since 2015. NSSD is a bi-weekly data science podcast with Roger Peng that has over half a million downloads. Our topics of discussion include the R ecosystem, recent developments in the data science and statistics field, reproducibility and the “how” of how data scientists and statisticians work. As of July 2021, we’ve had over 2 million downloads. I got my Ph.D. in 2016 in Biostatistics at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, working with Jeff Leek. My undergraduate degree is from Pomona College. In the past I have been better known as Status: Bitchin’, 0.05. Now I spend more time doing activities less likely to give me a concussion, like Zen meditation and pottery. Recent Posts Sunsets in Google Calendar using R Writing an R package from scratch I’m Dr. Hilary Parker! Personal R Packages Teach statistics before calculus! About Me Speaking chatGPT Coaching Podcast R Mugs CV & Resume Hilary Parker, Blog at WordPress.com. Subscribe Subscribed Hilary Parker Join 482 other subscribers Sign me up Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. Hilary Parker Customize Subscribe Subscribed Sign up Log in Copy shortlink Report this content View post in Reader Manage subscriptions Collapse this bar Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website