The Most Famous Recording Studios - Abbey Road Studios News About Our Story Giles Martin The Team Visit Shop Online Mastering Studios STUDIOS The Studios Studio One Studio Two Studio Three The Penthouse The Gatehouse The Front Room Angel Studios Abbey Road Gear Filming & Live streaming STUDIO TEAM Recording & Mixing Engineers Technical Services FILM The Mix Stage Mastering Mastering Online Mastering Stem Mastering Dolby Atmos Mastering Track Check Transfer | Archive Online Studio Production Hub Online Mastering Online Mixing Plugins, Samples and Hardware Songwriting App Audiomovers Red The Incubator Spatial Audio Institute Event Hire Event Hire Filming & Live streaming Studios STUDIOS The Studios Studio One Studio Two Studio Three The Penthouse The Gatehouse The Front Room Angel Studios Abbey Road Gear Filming & Live streaming STUDIO TEAM Recording & Mixing Engineers Technical Services FILM The Mix Stage Mastering Mastering Online Mastering Stem Mastering Dolby Atmos Mastering Track Check Transfer | Archive Online Studio Production Hub Online Mastering Online Mixing Plugins, Samples and Hardware Songwriting App Audiomovers Red The Incubator Spatial Audio Institute Event Hire Event Hire Filming & Live streaming News About Our Story Giles Martin The Team Visit Shop Online Mastering Abbey Road Studios Iconic Spaces Legendary Gear Harry Strange | Equalise For Pride Latest news 4th March 2024 Morgan Wallen Abbey Road Sessions The sensational Morgan Wallen joined us to record a new song, some favourites and a cover in Studio Two. Coinciding with the one-year anniversary of his chart-topping album ‘One Thing At A Time’, the digital series includes five live recordings from the album, an unreleased favourite ‘Lies Lies Lies’ and a never-before-recorded cover of Nothing But Thieves’ ‘Graveyard Whistling’. Read more #NewMusic #Recording #Studios 9th February 2024 Winners from the 2024 MOBO Awards Congrats to all the winners at the MOBO Awards 2024, including Best Alternative Act Skindred, Best Hip-Hop Act Little Simz and Best Jazz Act Ezra Collective. We're proud that Skindred mastered their album 'Smile' here with Sean Magee, Ezra Collective joined us recently to record some new material in Studio Two and choir, orchestra and Brazilian drums for Simz's 'No Thank You' were recorded between here and Angel Studios. Read more #Recording #Studios 8th February 2024 Harry Strange | Abbey Road Equalise for Pride in association with Gay Times Following on from his recent double single, Harry releases the accompanying film ‘Live from Studio Two’. Created as a part of Abbey Road Studios’ Equalise for Pride series in association with Gay Times. Read more #Equalise #NewMusic More news Create your own history Record in The Gatehouse and Front Room Making the magic of Abbey Road more accessible to a new generation of artists are our two new studios, designed as more intimate creative spaces. Recent sessions include Maverick Sabre, Jorja Smith, Emeli Sande, Ella Eyre, JP Cooper, Nile Rodgers & CHIC, Noel Gallagher and Novelist. Discover more. Starting from £500 per day Online Mastering Unlock the expertise of Abbey Road’s award winning mastering team. Get your music mastered by Abbey Road's Grammy-award winning engineers from just £100 per track.Our engineers are responsible for mastering the records of Fontaines D.C., Radiohead, Bjork, The Beatles, Slowthai, Sade, ABBA, Florence + The Machine, Krept & Konan, Johnny Marr, Yussef Dayes, Roxy Music, New Order, Marvin Gaye, Amy Winehouse and The Rolling Stones. Master Your Tracks World Class Recording & Production Studios Incredible equipment, facilities and sound Learn More Mastering The creative skills to deliver your vision Learn More Film Sound Post-Production The best sonic experience for your film Learn More Sign up for the latest production advice, insights and 'how to' content for artists and producers from Abbey Road Studios. Sign up now Follow us on: Our Story Music Photography Awards Audiomovers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Press FAQ Partners Site Map For US: Do not sell my personal Info Build 2020.02.27 Abbey Road Studios | 3 Abbey Road | St. John's Wood London NW8 9AY | tel: +44 (0)20 7266 7000 Abbey Road Studios, a business name of Virgin Records Limited. Registered in England no. 01070953. Registered office: 4 Pancras Square, Kings Cross, London N1C 4AG × Ok Yes No Cancel ×