Splunk | The Key to Enterprise Resilience Skip to main content Deutsch Francais 日本語 한국어 中文 繁體中文 false logo Support Support Portal Submit a case ticket Splunk Answers Ask Splunk experts questions Support Programs Find support service offerings System Status View detailed status Contact Us Contact our customer support Product Security Updates Keep your data secure Languages Deutsch Francais 日本語 한국어 中文 繁體中文 Click User Account Log In Sign Up My Dashboard Instances My Training Logout PRODUCT LOGINS Splunk Observability Cloud Splunk Cloud Services Splunk On-Call Splunk Synthetic Monitoring Splunk Web Optimization logo Products Product Overview A data platform built for expansive data access, powerful analytics and automation Pricing Free Trials & Downloads Platform Splunk Cloud Platform Cloud-powered insights for petabyte-scale data analytics across the hybrid cloud Splunk Enterprise Search, analysis and visualization for actionable insights from all of your data Security Splunk Enterprise Security Industry-defining SIEM to quickly detect, investigate, and respond to threats Splunk Attack Analyzer Automatically detect and analyze the most complex credential phishing and malware threats Splunk SOAR Security orchestration, automation and response to supercharge your SOC Observability Splunk Infrastructure Monitoring Instant visibility and accurate alerts for improved hybrid cloud performance Splunk Application Performance Monitoring Full-fidelity tracing and always-on profiling to enhance app performance Splunk IT Service Intelligence AIOps, incident intelligence and full visibility to ensure service performance View All Products Solutions Cloud Transformation Transform your business in the cloud with Splunk. Digital Resilience Build resilience to meet today’s unpredictable business challenges. AI for Digital Resilience Reimagine your cybersecurity and observability with purpose-built AI. by Use Case Advanced Threat Detection Artificial Intelligence Automation & Orchestration Extend Visibility to the Cloud Isolate Cloud Native Problems IT Modernization BY TECHNOLOGY AWS Azure GCP Kubernetes OpenTelemetry SAP BY INDUSTRY Communications Online Services Manufacturing Financial Services Public Sector Retail View All Solutions Why Splunk? Why Splunk? See why organizations trust Splunk to help keep their digital systems secure and reliable. Customer Stories See why organizations around the world trust Splunk. Partners Accelerate value with our powerful partner ecosystem. Perspectives by Splunk Get security and technology insights by leaders, for leaders. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Learn how we support change for customers and communities. Global Impact Discover what Splunk is doing to bridge the data divide. Resources Resources Explore e-books, white papers and more. Events Join us at an event near you. Blogs See what Splunk is doing. GET STARTED Splunk Lantern Splunk experts provide clear and actionable guidance. Customer Success Customer success starts with data success. Splunk Cloud Platform Migration Plan your migration with helpful Splunk resources. Get Started With Splunk Learn how to use Splunk. become an expert Splunk Training & Certification Become a certified Splunk Expert. Documentation Find answers about how to use Splunk. User Groups Meet Splunk enthusiasts in your area. Community Share knowledge and inspiration. SURGe Access timely security research and guidance. Expand & optimize Customer Support It’s easy to get the help you need. Splunkbase See Splunk’s 1,000+ Apps and Add-ons. Splunk Dev Create your own Splunk Apps. Splunk Services Maximize your Splunk investment. .conf24 Attend Splunk's largest learning event of the year. Support Support Portal Submit a case ticket Splunk Answers Ask Splunk experts questions Support Programs Find support service offerings System Status View detailed status Contact Us Contact our customer support Product Security Updates Keep your data secure Click Search Languages Deutsch Francais 日本語 한국어 中文 繁體中文 Click User Account Log In Sign Up My Dashboard Instances My Training Logout PRODUCT LOGINS Splunk Observability Cloud Splunk Cloud Services Splunk On-Call Splunk Synthetic Monitoring Splunk Web Optimization Free Splunk Click Search Free Splunk logo Free Splunk Products Solutions Why Splunk? Resources Support Account Log In | Sign Up Deutsch Francais 日本語 한국어 中文 繁體中文 Products Solutions Why Splunk? Resources Support Product Overview A data platform built for expansive data access, powerful analytics and automation Pricing Free Trials & Downloads Platform Splunk Cloud Platform Cloud-powered insights for petabyte-scale data analytics across the hybrid cloud Splunk Enterprise Search, analysis and visualization for actionable insights from all of your data Security Splunk Enterprise Security Industry-defining SIEM to quickly detect, investigate, and respond to threats Splunk Attack Analyzer Automatically detect and analyze the most complex credential phishing and malware threats Splunk SOAR Security orchestration, automation and response to supercharge your SOC Observability Splunk Infrastructure Monitoring Instant visibility and accurate alerts for improved hybrid cloud performance Splunk Application Performance Monitoring Full-fidelity tracing and always-on profiling to enhance app performance Splunk IT Service Intelligence AIOps, incident intelligence and full visibility to ensure service performance View All Products Cloud Transformation Transform your business in the cloud with Splunk. Digital Resilience Build resilience to meet today’s unpredictable business challenges. AI for Digital Resilience Reimagine your cybersecurity and observability with purpose-built AI. by Use Case Advanced Threat Detection Artificial Intelligence Automation & Orchestration Extend Visibility to the Cloud Isolate Cloud Native Problems IT Modernization BY TECHNOLOGY AWS Azure GCP Kubernetes OpenTelemetry SAP BY INDUSTRY Communications Online Services Manufacturing Financial Services Public Sector Retail View All Solutions Why Splunk? See why organizations trust Splunk to help keep their digital systems secure and reliable. Customer Stories See why organizations around the world trust Splunk. Partners Accelerate value with our powerful partner ecosystem. Perspectives by Splunk Get security and technology insights by leaders, for leaders. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Learn how we support change for customers and communities. Global Impact Discover what Splunk is doing to bridge the data divide. Resources Explore e-books, white papers and more. Events Join us at an event near you. Blogs See what Splunk is doing. GET STARTED Splunk Lantern Splunk experts provide clear and actionable guidance. Customer Success Customer success starts with data success. Splunk Cloud Platform Migration Plan your migration with helpful Splunk resources. Get Started With Splunk Learn how to use Splunk. become an expert Splunk Training & Certification Become a certified Splunk Expert. Documentation Find answers about how to use Splunk. User Groups Meet Splunk enthusiasts in your area. Community Share knowledge and inspiration. SURGe Access timely security research and guidance. Expand & optimize Customer Support It’s easy to get the help you need. Splunkbase See Splunk’s 1,000+ Apps and Add-ons. Splunk Dev Create your own Splunk Apps. Splunk Services Maximize your Splunk investment. .conf24 Attend Splunk's largest learning event of the year. Support Portal Submit a case ticket Splunk Answers Ask Splunk experts questions Support Programs Find support service offerings System Status View detailed status Contact Us Contact our customer support Product Security Updates Keep your data secure Log In Sign Up My Dashboard Instances My Training Logout PRODUCT LOGINS Splunk Observability Cloud Splunk Cloud Services Splunk On-Call Splunk Synthetic Monitoring Splunk Web Optimization shared header v2 Lucid Search Bar Implementation Push Down Banner V1 Analytics Patch, remove after implementing V2 (S9 or S10) Global nav V2 patch, remove after adding the mobile languages fix in the codebase (S7 or S8) .conf24Get inspired.Learn the latest. Join us in Las Vegas, June 11-14. Learn More Register Now Fend off threat actors. Diminish downtime. Fix issues faster. Boom. Explore Why Splunk Prevent major issues Find and fix threats and costly downtime before they have bigger business impacts. Bounce back Restore mission-critical services in seconds to keep teams productive and customers happy. Adapt quickly Move at warp speed with the visibility and insights you need to stay secure, compliant and reliable. AI purpose-built for security and observabilityAccelerate digital resilience with AI that is designed to keep humans in the loop and improve detection, investigation and response. Find Out More Discover What Else AI Can Do The Unified Security and Observability Platform Go to Product Overview Security Observability Splunk AI Splunk Platform Reset AI-powered solutions for security and observability that accelerate detection, investigation and response. Supported by an enterprise-class platform that enables shared data, context and workflows. Security Modernize your SOC with unified threat detection, investigation and response across SIEM, SOAR, UEBA and Automated Threat Analysis. Security Overview Observability Build a leading observability practice with full stack and OpenTelemetry-native observability from Splunk. Unify workflows for ITOps and engineering teams to fix problems faster while optimizing costs. Observability Overview Splunk AI Domain-specific, human-in-the-loop AI to accelerate detection, investigation and response. Splunk AI Overview Splunk Platform Monitor, investigate and respond rapidly at scale with comprehensive visibility and shared tooling. Platform Overview marketecture patch We work with amazing customers.See why the world’s leading organizations rely on Splunk.View All Customer Stories Customer Story ManpowerGroup Employs Splunk to Deliver Insights 60x Faster and Ramp up Global Security Automation helps because the quicker we get the information out to the teams to go fix things, the more resilient the business is. Mike Friedel, Director of Global Security, ManpowerGroup Read the Story 1 hour to deliver key metrics to senior leadership, down from 60+ hours previously Full visibility into critical data Customer Story Rappi Fixes Issues 90% Faster While Handling a 300% Surge in On-Demand Orders We’re all attuned to the potential business impact of downtime, so we’re grateful that Splunk Observability helps us be proactive about reliability and resilience with end-to-end visibility into our environment. Jose Felipe Lopez, Engineering Manager, Rappi Read the Story 90%+ faster MTTR 300% growth managed with real-time monitoring Customer Story Cal Poly Drives Resilience While Training Tomorrow’s Security Leaders I know the number of threats against the university is higher and the complexity greater than ever before. But I also know that we’re protecting the university at a level we’ve never had before. Bill Britton, Chief Information Officer, Cal Poly Read the Story 1M+ threats thwarted each day <5 min to respond to incidents Customer Story Carrefour Responds to Security Threats 3x Faster With Splunk Cloud Platform We get so much value from Splunk. It maximizes the insights we gain from analyzing detection use cases, rather than wasting time creating rules or struggling with a tool that’s too complicated. Romaric Ducloux, SOC Analyst, Carrefour Read the Story 3x faster threat response times €10B ($10.45B) projected in e-commerce sales by 2026 We’re here when you’re ready.No matter where you are on your journey, we want to help. Need more insights? Want to try it out? We got you. Try It Free Read Perspectives Homepage Brand Refresh for 2/5/2024: special layout spacing, HP-specific analytics code. COMPANY COMPANY About Splunk Careers Global Impact Leadership Newsroom Partners Perspectives by Splunk Splunk Policy Positions Splunk Protects Splunk Ventures Supplier Central Why Splunk? PRODUCTS PRODUCTS Free Trials & Downloads Pricing View All Products SPLUNK SITES SPLUNK SITES .conf Documentation Investor Relations Training & Certification T-Shirt Store Videos View All Resources LEARN LEARN An Introduction to Observability Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) Attacks Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI): An Introduction Data Lake vs Data Warehouse Denial of Service (DoS) Attacks Introduction to Cybersecurity Certifications Observability vs Monitoring vs Telemetry Phishing Scams & Attacks Threat Hunting vs Threat Detection What is SIEM? CONTACT SPLUNK CONTACT SPLUNK Contact Sales Contact Support USER REVIEWS USER REVIEWS Gartner Peer Insights™ PeerSpot TrustRadius SPLUNK MOBILE Twitter Facebook Linked In Youtube Instagram Legal Patents Privacy Sitemap Website Terms of Use © 2005 - 2024 Splunk Inc. All rights reserved. ×