City of Ottawa City of Ottawa EnglishFrançais ottawa.ca Draft Waste Plan March 5, 2024 Rink of Dreams is open Ben Franklin Place Skating Rink is closed Jim Tubman Chevrolet Rink is closed No sledding advisory No winter weather parking restrictions in effect Lansdowne Park skating court is open Open air fires are permitted with a burn permit Show all Parking, roads, and travel pay your ticket, road and sidewalk maintenance, parking permits… Recreation and parks registration and drop-in activities, swimming, skating, culture, fitness, sport... Jobs with the City search for jobs, create and update profile… Garbage and recycling collection calendar, waste explorer, get a green, blue and/or black bin… Planning, development and construction Committee of Adjustment, Official Plan and master plans, community design plans… City Hall mayor and councillors, budget, public engagement, funding, accessibility services, French language services… 3-1-1 report or request, pay or purchase, apply or register, client service centres, find people... Living in Ottawa property taxes, by-laws, licenses and permits, animals and pets, water and environment… Family and social services child care, finding a job, financial assistance, housing, long-term care… Health and public safety Ottawa Public Health, emergency preparedness, police, fire and paramedic services… Business procurement, business licences, accounts payable, business assistance and growth… Arts, heritage and events Ottawa tourism, events, theatres, music, art galleries, fairs, museums… What's new Newsroom news releases, notices, advisories... Seasonal load restrictions In effect as of March 4 for heavy vehicles serving Ottawa. Water quality reports The City prepares an annual report for each municipal drinking water system, in compliance with the Safe Drinking Water Act. Complete your Vacant Unit Tax declaration before March 21 I Love to Skate program The City is wrapping up another successful season of the I Love to Skate program. Help shape the future of Ottawa’s special events Have your say in the City’s water rate structure review Where’s the fire?! There are no good excuses for speeding. City Hall Mayor's corner Get to know Ottawa's Mayor, Mark Sutcliffe. Mayor and City Councillors Get to know your Ottawa City Councillors. Committees and Boards membership, terms of reference, meeting agendas and minutes... Agendas, minutes and videos live stream Council and committee meetings, meeting dates and agenda material, archived meetings… Contact us 3-1-1 online 110 Laurier Avenue West Ottawa, ON K1P 1J1 3-1-1 613-580-2400 1-866-261-9799 Client Service Centre About us Accessibility Disclaimer Privacy Protocols Follow us Facebook Instagram X (formerly Twitter) YouTube eSubscription Report or Request Parking Garbage collection Road maintenance Property damage Problem with the website Web experience survey × Would you like to participate in a 5-10 minute web experience study to help us improve ottawa.ca? If YES, a new window will open in the background so you can come back to it when you are finished on the website. Thank you for considering to help out. Yes No