Home | Johns Hopkins University Skip to main content Video footage: A group of about 20 people runs along a wooded pathway; The same group of runners is shown from a greater distance, with the sun visible behind them through the trees; The modern, multi-story interior of a building is shown; An instructor stands and addresses a group of about 10 students in a laboratory setting; A student works at a laptop and with a small rectangular circuit-like object in his hands; The same circuit-like object is shown close up; Hundreds of people gather on a campus quad for a tabling event, with a large brick academic building and clock tower visible behind them; About 100 people pose for a photo with the the words FLI PROUD in front of them You are in a modal window. Press the escape key to exit. Open Menu Menu Search News & Events Apply Visit See programs Search jhu.edu Search jhu.edusearch Common Searches Why is it called Johns Hopkins? What majors and minors are offered? Where can I find information about graduate programs? How much is tuition? What financial aid packages are available? How do I apply? How do I get to campus? Where can I find job listings? Where can I log in to myJHU? Where can I log in to SIS? Close menu Apply Visit See programs About UsOpen About Us University Leadership History & Mission Diversity & Inclusion Notable Alumni Hopkins in the Community Hopkins Around the World News from Johns Hopkins AcademicsOpen Academics Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies Online Studies Part-Time & Non-Degree Programs Summer Programs Academic Calendars Schools & DivisionsOpen Schools & Divisions Advanced International Studies Applied Physics Laboratory Arts & Sciences Business Education Engineering Medicine Nursing Peabody Conservatory Public Health Admissions & AidOpen Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Plan a Visit Tuition & Costs Financial Aid Research & FacultyOpen Research & Faculty Innovation & Incubation Bloomberg Distinguished Professors Milestones Undergraduate Research Libraries Campus LifeOpen Campus Life Our Campuses About Baltimore Housing & Dining Arts & Culture Health & Wellness Athletics Security Disability Services Calendar of Events Maps & Directions Contact the University Employment Opportunities my.jh.edu Give to the University For Alumni For Parents For News Media Athletics Close menu Close menu Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Hub When ambition meets opportunity, anything is possible. At Johns Hopkins, you can explore ideas that interest you, find people who inspire and challenge you, and make discoveries that change your life—and the world. Explore Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Virtual Campus Tour Hopkins in the Community Hopkins Around the World Diversity and Inclusion at Hopkins Recent headlines from Johns Hopkins University Image caption: The CLASS telescopes at night. Credit: Matthew Petroff Astrophysics A clearer picture of our galaxy and beyond Published Feb 27, 2024 Results demonstrate novel strategy to probe the physics and history of the universe Credit: Getty Images 3 questions A closer look at Alabama’s IVF ruling Published Feb 27, 2024 The ruling that frozen embryos are children could set the stage for a national fetal personhood law, but restricting IVF is generally unpopular, Hopkins bioethicist Ruth Faden says Credit: Getty Images Pediatrics Potential breakthrough in food allergy management Published Feb 26, 2024 A Johns Hopkins Medicine study suggests omalizumab could become a ‘life-changing’ medication for patients with multiple food allergies Awards+Honors Ishan Kalburge awarded Gates Cambridge Scholarship Published Feb 23, 2024 Kalburge will investigate how humans form internal representations of uncertainty during decision-making More from the Hub A collection of some of the best recent shots from the university’s Instagram accounts First day of the spring semester, 35°F with snow edition View on Instagram The first skate session of the season at the JHU Ice Rink ⛸❄️✨ View on Instagram Chasing sunsets as summer fades. A new chapter begins – see you soon Blue Jays 💙 View on Instagram Johns Hopkins University at 555 Pennsylvania Ave NW stands tall against the DC skyline, where academic brilliance merges with the city’s vitality! Let’s commemorate this remarkable addition, uniting evidence-based research with the heartbeat of our nation’s capital. View on Instagram 🗺️ 37 countries 🌃 46 states 💙 One Class of 2027 View on Instagram Let’s take a look back at an incredible week of preparation! 🌟 The First Year Mentors have been gearing up with excitement, getting ready to welcome the new Jays! Now, as orientation week unfolds, they’re all set to lead the way into an unforgettable adventure. Get ready for an amazing journey… View on Instagram Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Meet some of the students, faculty, and staff who call Hopkins home The atmosphere at Hopkins is special. You can get involved so early in research and entrepreneurship. More from Kirby Search programs Search Programs Our nine schools prepare students to excel in today’s world Arts & SciencesBusinessEducationEngineeringInternational AffairsMedicineMusic & DanceNursingPublic Health Baltimore is more than just our hometown— it’s an extension of campus, offering learning and cultural opportunities that will complement your Hopkins experience. More about Baltimore Johns Hopkins University AddressBaltimore, Maryland Phone number410-516-8000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Hub © 2024 Johns Hopkins University. All rights reserved. Search jhu.edu Search jhu.edusearch About Us Academics Schools & Divisions Admissions & Aid Research & Faculty Campus Life Maps & Directions Contact the University Employment Opportunities my.jh.edu Give to the University For Alumni For Parents For News Media Athletics Contact the University Employment Opportunities University Policies and Statements Privacy Statement Title IX Information and Resources Higher Education Act Disclosures Clery Disclosure Accessibility Emergency Contact Information