Winston-Salem Journal | Breaking News | | Read Winston-Salem News, Sports, Entertainment, Politics, Classifieds Skip to main contentSkip to main content 64° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State Education Politics Business Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Sports High School College ASU WSSU WFU Professional Betting North Carolina Betting Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Movies & TV Music Dining & Drinks Contests Comics Games & Puzzles Columns Play Announcements People Travel Religion Calendar Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Faith Sponsored Content Magazines Winston-Salem Monthly Carolina Weddings Magazine Join the community News tip Share a video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Weekly Ads Special Sections Archives Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local Today's Deal Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Photo Submissions Contact Us Amazon Echo / Alexa Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Homes 64° Fair Two Things: Reading the early tea leaves on Super Tuesday; no surprise that Greensboro is fighting video release Super Tuesday. If you’re into that kind of thing, that is. The Readers' Forum: Thanks for presenting facts, not slogans, about the border Facts, not slogans Carolina Panthers to partner with FanDuel The Carolina Panthers have chosen FanDuel as its official sports betting partner, the team announced Monday, days before betting becomes legal in North Carolina. Italian takeout spot opens in Clemmons A new quick-service Italian restaurant has opened in Clemmons at 3459 Gentry Circle, next to Chicken Salad Chick and Katsu Hibachi Café in Clemmons Town Center. Local deli takes up the pickle-sub challenge “You gotta really love pickles.” Longer wait predicted for March primary results in N.C. Primary day is finally here, but people watching and waiting for results may have to wait longer than usual because election officials can't count early votes until the polls close. Zach Brewer, a driver at Bowman Gray Stadium, dies at the age of 44 He also drove a lot on the SMART Tour during his long career in the Modified divisions A Piedmont Circle native comes Full Circle with new program Shantae Graham understands better than most that the kids she’s trying to help at Piedmont Circle are facing lots of challenges in their young lives. Super Tuesday NC weather: How warm will it get? Reaching the 70s from the Triad to Hickory. Meteorologist Sean Sublette explains A Winston-Salem woman is facing an assault charge for her alleged role in a fight and shooting A Winston-Salem woman is facing an assault charge for her alleged role in a fight and shooting Monday in the 1200 block of Bohannon Park Circle, authorities said. A Winston-Salem police officer's SUV hits a car on Interstate 840 in eastern Guilford County; minor injuries are reported A Winston-Salem police officer was driving a police SUV when it struck another vehicle Friday night on Interstate 840 East near North Elm Street in eastern Guilford County, authorities said Monday. Atrium Health Wake Forest Baptist plans event for $450 million care tower Atrium Health Wake Forest Baptist will conduct a topping-out ceremony at 10 a.m. Tuesday for its $450 million care tower on its main Ardmore campus. Ask Sam: If my return ballot doesn't have enough postage will it still be delivered? Q: The envelope for returning my ballot by mail in Forsyth County measures 6-1/2 by 12 inches. This puts it in the U.S. Postal Service’s category of a “Large Envelope,” which requires $1.39 in postage. If I mail it with just one stamp, will the Postal Service return it? — I.C. ACC Notebook: Wake Forest to finish regular season with two home games this week Demon Deacons play Georgia Tech on Tuesday at 9 p.m. and Clemson on Saturday at 6 p.m. at Joel Coliseum Earl's, Joyner's partners just opened this New Orleans themed bar in Greensboro “Once we had a balcony, I thought, 'What if it was like a street in New Orleans?'” Two Things: Down the stretch toward Super Tuesday and a reprieve; streamlining Greensboro bus service Happy Monday. We miss anything? Derrick Reid Jr. continues family track and field tradition It should come as no surprise that Derrick Reid Jr. is already a state champion long-jumper. Golden Corral employees information released in data breach. Company doesn't say how many workers are affected The parent company of Golden Corral said last week that a data breach on Aug. 11-15 may have caused the release of personal information, including Social Security numbers and bank account numbers, of current and former employees, their dependents and beneficiaries. Carolina Thunderbirds clinch spot in FPHL playoffs Team went 1-2 over the weekend with a road trip to Baton Rouge, Louisiana Sheriffs' ICE bill may ride coattails of Texas immigration debate The N.C. House Republican quest to place the state on the side of Texas Gov. Greg Abbott in the divisive immigration border dispute may carry a coattail effect for a controversial bill that would force all sheriffs to cooperate with federal ICE officers. Klaussner Furniture existence nears end with approval to abandon remaining inventory The remaining assets and inventory of defunct Klaussner Furniture Industries Inc. have been declared abandoned by an N.C. Business Court judge. Caraway Speedway will open this weekend for its 59th season Racing will be held both Saturday and Sunday at the short track near Asheboro A long, difficult journey cushioned by good neighbors It’s a long way, obviously, from scarred and war-torn Afghanistan to North Carolina. Aging Matters: Free tax help available Free tax help available Dimon Kendrick-Holmes: No, Doc Watson didn't write 'Shady Grove,' but he sure put his stamp on it Doc Watson helped popularize the song "Shady Grove," and I'm just now realizing that he rarely if ever sang that he was "going back to Harlan." Triad's snow drought continues. No snow likely in Triad this winter Snow enthusiasts in the Triad might be disappointed to hear that the region’s streak of snowless days is expected to continue this year. Ask SAM: Doctor's life of loneliness, hardship was devoted to those struggling in North Carolina's mountains Editor's note: In observance of National Women's Month, we bring you the story of Dr. Mary Martin Sloop. She and her husband, Eustace, were medical missionaries in the mountains of North Carolina in the early to mid-20th century. This story first appeared May 28, 2000, in the Journal. At Greensboro rally, Trump attacks Biden, pledges to 'never let them silence you' Before Trump walked onto the stage, even organizers played a recording of “Justice for All,” which features Trump reciting the Pledge of Allegiance while a group of incarcerated Jan. 6 participants sing the national anthem. 'The man to fix it': On eve of Super Tuesday, Trump rally draws thousands to Greensboro Many of the people who came out in support of the former president wore red sweatshirts emblazoned with his name, star-spangled hats on their heads and patriotism on their sleeves and in their hearts. The mood was festive and the excitement 'palpable.' Mayor Joines has the biggest war chest heading into the March 5 primary Mayor Allen Joines came into his re-election campaign with well over $100,000 available to spend, much more than any other candidate for mayor, or for that matter, any other candidate for city council. Recommended For You Zach Brewer, a driver at Bowman Gray Stadium, dies at the age of 44 Chick-fil-A restaurants reopen at Whitaker Square, set to close at Thruway Italian takeout spot opens in Clemmons The Latest Tobacco The market share of R.J. Reynolds’ top-selling Vuse electronic cigarette continues to creep up, while Altria Group Inc. is struggling to gain traction with its NJoy acquisition. PHOTOS: Full Circle Mentoring Program Winston-Salem homes for big families Winston-Salem homes with at least five bedrooms. Kernersville wants state OK for how to pay for town projects The state Local Government Commission will address a funding request from the town of Kernersville during its Tuesday meeting. Interact With Us Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Latest Video Zach Brewer wins the second Modified Division race in May of 2022 Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition Sports Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. Versatility has been key for Mount Tabor's Campbell Scurry, Amare Robinson The versatility of senior guard Campbell Scurry and junior post player Amare Robinson have helped to ignite the Mount Tabor basketball team all season and into the third round of the NCHSAA 4-A state tournament. Wake Forest draws 14th seed for ACC Women's Tournament; Defending champ Virginia Tech is top seed Demon Deacons will play Wednesday at Greensboro Coliseum at 6:30 p.m. against Virginia PHOTOS: Carver long-jumper Derrick Reid, Jr. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. PHOTOS: Spaghetti Park in Clemmons Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Are you a woman 50 or older and overweight? Join this university study Content by Wake Forest Health Exercise Science. This research team is interested in finding out how, by following a diet and exercise regimen, individuals could potentially prevent or help stave off the onset of OA. Sponsored This Valentine’s Day, share the love with Winston-Salem Street School Content by Winston-Salem Street School. See how the Valentine-themed Share the Love fundraiser event helps support the Winston-Salem Street School. Sponsored 15 best sites to buy Instagram likes 2024 Provided content. Here are the best sites for being Instagram likes. Contributor A comprehensive Bitcoin guide for novice investors: Things to know Contributor Content. Despite its history of unpleasant price swings that affect the Bitcoin price, the giant digital currency has captivated both seasoned and novice investors alike. Local Businesses Home Moravian Church 529 S. CHURCH STREET, WINSTON-SALEM, NC 27101 The Phoenix Company 1396 WESTGAGE CENTER DRIVE, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27103 Wfu Events/capture Public Relations& Marketing 749 SUMMIT STREET, WINSTON SALEM, NC 27101 Print Ads Healthcare FORSYTH PLASTIC SURGICAL ASSOC Events Entertainment REYNOLDA HOUSE Services SENIOR LIVING COMMUNITIES, LLC Other RE-ELECT RICHARD LINVILLE COMMITTEE Events Entertainment REYNOLDA HOUSE Healthcare FORSYTH PLASTIC SURGICAL ASSOC Cars Vehicles RANDY MARION CHRYSLER JEEP DODGE RAM Events Entertainment SENIOR SERVICES, INC. Cars Vehicles RANDY MARION CHRYSLER JEEP DODGE RAM Govt Community CITY OF WINSTON-SALEM × Facebook Twitter YouTube Sites & Partners Carolina Weddings Magazine Winston-Salem Magazine Contests Newsletters Services Manage Subscription Contact Us Advertise Photo Submissions Media Kit Join our Team Become a Carrier Licensing © Copyright 2024 Winston-Salem Journal, 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe