Agnes Scott College | Agnes Scott College Cookie Notice This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Policy. Got It! Close Agnes Scott College Search Agnes Scott Stories Events News Request Info Visit Apply Give Undergraduate Graduate & Post-Baccalaureate Physician Assistant Studies Undergraduate Graduate & Post-Baccalaureate Undergraduate Agnes Accelerated 4+1 Post-Baccalaureate Graduate Menu Search agnesscott.edu Submit Top searches Majors & Minors Graduate Programs Tuition Scholarships SUMMIT Faculty Directory Alumnae About SUMMIT Academics Admission & Aid Campus Life Athletics Graduate & Post-Bacc Studies Info for Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumnae Donors Partners Parents & Families If you think college should be transformative, this is it. Thrive in a diverse community of open, available and intelligent individuals ready to teach, mentor and support you on your undergraduate, graduate or post-baccalaureate journey to engage the intellectual and social challenges of our times. We're #1 Again! Most Innovative for the Sixth Year in a Row according to U.S. News & World Report. Learn with purpose 6 Years in a Row! Agnes Scott is #1 Most Innovative See How We Rank For an unprecedented sixth year in a row, Agnes Scott College has been recognized as the nation’s #1 most innovative liberal arts college according to the 2024 U.S. News & World Report Best Colleges rankings. The college rose to #2 for social mobility and maintained top five rankings in first-year experiences and learning communities. Become a Leader with a Global Perspective Here, our SUMMIT experience encourages our students to dream big, to blaze trails and to create the change they wish to see in the world. Academics Leadership Global Engagement Professional Success #1 Most Innovative Liberal Arts College in the Country, U.S. News & World Report, 2021 Academics At Agnes Scott, intellectual curiosity is the norm. Our professors inspire fearlessness. Our groundbreaking SUMMIT curriculum reinvents a liberal arts education. And our graduate programs are designed for forward-thinkers. 1st Our leadership curriculum begins in your first semester. Leadership Agnes Scott students want to create change and mobilize others to solve big challenges. You'll spend your time on campus developing the skills you need to do so. 15 destinations in and outside of the U.S. are visited by first-year students during their Global Journeys immersion experiences. Global Engagement Be more than just a tourist. At Agnes Scott, we understand the importance of learning from other cultures. 84% of undergrads complete mentored research or an internship prior to graduation. Professional Success Hands-on learning and innovative experiences prepare you for professional success in the real world. Dream, Dare, Defy It's not hard to spot Agnes Scott graduates; they'll be the ones leading the charge, running the room and inspiring their collaborators. Agnes Scott Stories Previous Next The Making of a Global Traveler The Making of a Global Traveler Sophia Elzie '20 Classical Languages Propelling Herself to a Higher Level Propelling Herself to a Higher Level Maame Owusu MS '21Security Governance, Risk and Compliance Analyst Data Analysis and Communication Leading Her Way Leading Her Way Peyton Capehart '21 Psychology Spanish Embodied Activism: Finding Her Purpose Through Dance Embodied Activism: Finding Her Purpose Through Dance Bhumi Patel '12 Dance English Literature-Creative Writing Dare to Lead Everywhere Dare to Lead Everywhere Action, Speaks Action, Speaks Amira Daugherty '19 Political Science Leave A Legacy Leave A Legacy Leah Trotman '21 International Relations Building A Scientist Building A Scientist Alex Lombardo '21 Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Refining Global Citizenship Refining Global Citizenship Shriya Bhattacharya B.A. '18 International Relations Load more Experience the Most Innovative Liberal Arts Curriculum in the Country We've crafted our signature SUMMIT experience to prepare every student to be a well-rounded, professionally savvy, global leader. Tailor Your Experience Join a Distinctive and Bold Community of Forward-Thinkers Our coeducational master’s, graduate certificate, accelerated 4+1 and post-baccalaureate programs are designed for your success. Explore Our Graduate & Post-Bacc Programs Find Your Perfect Place Join us to learn more about our innovative experiences with virtual visits and events made to fit your needs. Schedule Your Virtual Visit Undergraduate Graduate & Post-Baccalaureate / Just minutes from downtown Atlanta and with a MARTA station nearby, Agnes Scott is located in the charming town of Decatur, Ga. Here, you'll find a variety of opportunities to serve, intern and explore. What's more, the area is truly a “college town,” home to more than 20 other colleges and universities. Each year seniors, graduate students and alumnae are invited to ring the bell and sign their names in the bell tower when they receive acceptance into graduate/professional school or a job offer. The 2019 Princeton Review's Guide to Green Colleges has named Agnes Scott College #13 on the list of the nation's most environmentally responsible colleges. Designated a Tree Campus USA for the past 8 years, Agnes Scott sits on 100 acres shaded with some of the state’s oldest trees. The college's memorable Gothic and Victorian-themed architecture has received national recognition for design, and Agnes Scott is consistently recognized as one of the most beautiful campuses in the country. With over 60 student organizations to choose from and athletics teams in basketball, soccer, softball, tennis, volleyball and cross country, you'll have plenty of chances to find your own niche on campus. Whether it’s walking to class, hanging out in a hammock, playing badminton on a warm day, or rushing to cover it in your class colors during Black Cat, the Quad quickly becomes an integral part of the Scottie experience. Our Future Our Main Long-known as the heart of the college, Agnes Scott “Main” Hall is the building that Scotties recognize as the marker of home. As student enrollment continues to grow, Main's restoration has become increasingly necessary and deeply urgent. She has told us it's time and we are ready. Give to the Campaign for Main Back to top Agnes Scott College 141 E. College Ave. Decatur, Georgia 30030 Maps & Directions Contact us Site Index Directory Careers at Agnes Scott Event Rentals Consumer Information News Bradley Observatory Bookstores The Dalton Gallery McCain Library Support Agnes Scott Your support of the college is more valuable than ever as we address the known needs of today and anticipate what may come tomorrow. Make a Gift Partner with Us instagram twitter facebook youtube linkedin © 2023 Agnes Scott College. All rights reserved. Privacy Title IX Accreditation Nondiscrimination Policy