Council on Foundations Skip to main content Utility Menu Contact us News & blogs Job Board User account menu Login close Search Main navigation About About the Council Mission, Vision, and Core Beliefs 2021-2025 Strategic Direction Ethical Principles Press Releases Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Commitment Our Supporters Work at the Council Leadership and Staff Board of Directors President and CEO Council Staff Resources Resource Library Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report Disaster Grantmaking and Response to Specific Disasters Values-Aligned Philanthropy View all Legal Resources Mastering Foundation Law Sample Documents Legal FAQs Legal Resources Team View all Country Notes Africa Americas Asia & Oceania Europe Other Resources Community Foundation Locator Philanthropic Infrastructure COVID Resources & Pledge Response to Ukraine CF Insights Peer Communities Philanthropy Exchange Open Exchange Role-Focused Peer Communities Foundation-Specific Peer Communities Peer Learning Circles Advocacy Take Action Action Alerts Policy and Advocacy Training Center Public Policy Action Network Advocacy Toolkit Advocacy and Lobbying Resources Policy Issues & Analysis Policy Agenda for the 118th Congress Charitable Giving Federal Tax Policy View all Executive Branch Engagement Federal Partnerships Federal Liaisons HUD Secretary's Award FEMA National Disaster Recovery Program Database Other Public Policy Resources Public Policy Advisory Committee Regulatory Engagement Amicus Briefs Council Letters to Congress & Administration Programs Our Programs Career Pathways Community Foundations National Standards Council Awards Global Philanthropy Foundation-Specific Programs & Services Community Foundations Corporate Philanthropy Private Foundations Public Grantmaking Charities Our Initiatives Building Common Ground Executive Leadership Locally Led Development Narrative Shift Sustainable Development Goals Values-Aligned Philanthropy Events All Events Member Week Building Together Webinars Trainings Peer Events Retreats Summits Archives About About the Council Mission, Vision, and Core Beliefs 2021-2025 Strategic Direction Ethical Principles Press Releases Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Commitment Our Supporters Work at the Council Leadership and Staff Board of Directors President and CEO Council Staff Resources Resource Library Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report Disaster Grantmaking and Response to Specific Disasters Values-Aligned Philanthropy View all Legal Resources Mastering Foundation Law Sample Documents Legal FAQs Legal Resources Team View all Country Notes Africa Americas Asia & Oceania Europe Other Resources Community Foundation Locator Philanthropic Infrastructure COVID Resources & Pledge Response to Ukraine CF Insights Peer Communities Philanthropy Exchange Open Exchange Role-Focused Peer Communities Foundation-Specific Peer Communities Peer Learning Circles Get Started Philanthropy Exchange Basics Learn how to get started on the exchange and the basics of posting. Learn more Advocacy Take Action Action Alerts Policy and Advocacy Training Center Public Policy Action Network Advocacy Toolkit Advocacy and Lobbying Resources Policy Issues & Analysis Policy Agenda for the 118th Congress Charitable Giving Federal Tax Policy View all Executive Branch Engagement Federal Partnerships Federal Liaisons HUD Secretary's Award FEMA National Disaster Recovery Program Database Other Public Policy Resources Public Policy Advisory Committee Regulatory Engagement Amicus Briefs Council Letters to Congress & Administration Programs Our Programs Career Pathways Community Foundations National Standards Council Awards Global Philanthropy Foundation-Specific Programs & Services Community Foundations Corporate Philanthropy Private Foundations Public Grantmaking Charities Our Initiatives Building Common Ground Executive Leadership Locally Led Development Narrative Shift Sustainable Development Goals Values-Aligned Philanthropy Events All Events Member Week Building Together Webinars Trainings Peer Events Retreats Summits Archives REGISTER NOW Building Together Leading Collaboratively Across Differences May 6-9, 2024 | Chicago, IL Register now Utility Menu Contact us News & blogs Job Board Search Membership Membership Join the Council Membership Benefits Membership Experience Membership Policy Membership Renewal Member Directory close Home Homepage United by a shared purpose: a better future for all. We believe philanthropy is a powerful force for good. As a nonprofit membership association, the Council is committed to expanding trust in philanthropic organizations as they work to address society's most pressing challenges. Join the Council Membership Benefits REGISTER NOW Building Together 2024 Fearless Foundation Protecting the Right to Give 2023 GSB Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report REGISTER NOW Building Together 2024 Join us for the Council's annual sector event! Building Together: Leading Collaboratively Across Differences is an immersive leadership experience for philanthropic leaders who want to develop the strategies and skills to productively navigate differences in service of the greater good. Join us in Chicago, May 6-9, 2024! Fearless Foundation Protecting the Right to Give The Council on Foundations and Independent Sector filed an amicus brief in support of Fearless Foundation. We believe that philanthropic organizations and individuals have the right to exercise their views through giving, as protected by the First Amendment. That includes critical efforts to support historically marginalized groups. Read about our efforts to make it easier—not harder—to give. 2023 GSB Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report The 2023 Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report is updated with the most recent sector data. Information is presented by grantmaker type, foundation type, asset size, and geographic location. Download the 2023 Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report today! REGISTER NOW Building Together 2024 Join us for the Council's annual sector event! Building Together: Leading Collaboratively Across Differences is an immersive leadership experience for philanthropic leaders who want to develop the strategies and skills to productively navigate differences in service of the greater good. Join us in Chicago, May 6-9, 2024! Fearless Foundation Protecting the Right to Give The Council on Foundations and Independent Sector filed an amicus brief in support of Fearless Foundation. We believe that philanthropic organizations and individuals have the right to exercise their views through giving, as protected by the First Amendment. That includes critical efforts to support historically marginalized groups. Read about our efforts to make it easier—not harder—to give. 2023 GSB Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report The 2023 Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report is updated with the most recent sector data. Information is presented by grantmaker type, foundation type, asset size, and geographic location. Download the 2023 Grantmaker Salary and Benefits Report today! Previous Next 2021 - 2025 STRATEGIC DIRECTION Our path for advancing the greater good. Learn more Upcoming Events Image Mar 6 Legal Matters for Community Foundations - March 2024 March 6, 2024 Mar 7 Info Session: Why Building Together 2024 Is the Place to Be March 7, 2024 Mar 13 National Standards Monthly Zoom Session - March 2024 March 13, 2024 Mar 13 Essentials of Policy Advocacy for Grantmakers - March 2024 March 13, 2024 View all events In the news News Philanthropy's Response to 2024 California Winter Storms Tuesday, February 6, 2024 - 1:39 pm Council on Foundations News Philanthropy's Response to the 2024 Chile Wildfires Tuesday, February 6, 2024 - 12:37 pm Council on Foundations Press Release Council on Foundations, Independent Sector File Amicus Brief in Fearless Foundation Lawsuit to Protect Right to Give Wednesday, December 13, 2023 - 8:42 am Council on Foundations View all news Why join the Council? Unlock your foundation's full potential with exclusive member access to resources and opportunities created by and for philanthropic staff. Networking with sector leaders Legal expertise, publications, and capacity building tools Programs, events, and peer communities designed for you Become a Council member Shared purpose. Collective voice. Greater impact. Philanthropy is a trusted partner in advancing the greater good. Learn about the Council © 1997-2024 COUNCIL ON FOUNDATIONS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Footer Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of use