My Jewish Learning - Judaism & Jewish Life | My Jewish Learning Skip to Search Skip to Content Skip to Footer My Jewish Learning Search Submit Celebrate Visit Celebrate Jewish Calendar Shabbat Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Sukkot Shemini Atzeret/Simchat Torah Hanukkah Purim Passover Shavuot More Holidays Eat Visit Eat Jewish Recipes Food Videos The Nosher Holiday Food Keeping Kosher Challah Recipes Live Visit Live Birth Bar/Bat Mitzvah Weddings & Marriage Conversion Interfaith Divorce Denominations Health & Wellness Women & Feminism Gender & Sexuality Blogs Español Mourn Visit Mourn End of Life Sitting Shiva Mourner’s Kaddish Mourning Rituals Mourning Timeline Afterlife Grief Email Series Podcast: End of Life Pray Visit Pray Prayer Email Shema Prayer for the Sick Shabbat Prayers High Holidays Holiday Prayers Blessings for Food Traveler’s Prayer Study Daf Yomi Visit Study Email Mini-Courses Weekly Torah Beliefs & Practices Jewish Texts Jewish History Jewish Culture Hebrew Holocaust Israel Quizzes FAQ Events Daf Yomi Say Kaddish Newsletters Donate Trending Topics: Say Kaddish Daily Online Live Jewish Meditation on Tuesdays Pray The Shema: How Listening Leads to Oneness Judaism’s foundational prayer calls on us not merely to listen, but to remember that there is one force of connection uniting us all. Five Things Not to Ask a Jew of Color Tips from a Black Jew who’s heard it all. Ask the Expert: Can I Sit Shiva For Anyone? Can I sit shiva for someone I’m not obligated to mourn for? History of the Jews of Ukraine Once Europe’s largest Jewish community, Ukraine has had a major influence on the development of Ashkenazi Jewish culture. Purim 2024 In 2024, Purim begins at sunset on Saturday, March 23. BY My Jewish Learning Next Torah Portion Summary In this Torah portion, God commands the Israelites not to do any work in the sanctuary on Shabbat. The Israelites gather gifts for God, gathering so many that they are restrained from searching for more. Moses says that Ohaliab and Bezalel, who are filled with the spirit of God, should take the gifts of the Israelites and build God’s Sanctuary. FULL SUMMARY HAFTARAH SUMMARY Parashat Vayakhel March 09, 2024 Torah Reading Exodus 35:1-38:20, 30:11-16 Haftarah Shabbat Shekalim Haftarah for Ashkenazim: II Kings 12:1-17 Haftarah for Sephardim: II Kings 11:17-12:17 Featured Commentary Engaging the Heart Each one of us is a craftsman, building our destiny. By Yocheved Sidof Find Shabbat Candle-Lighting Times Get Our Newsletters Empower your Jewish discovery Daily Dose of Talmud A daily newsletter that offers an accessible and insightful take-away from each day’s page of Talmud. The Whole Megillah Five megillot — special scrolls from the Hebrew Bible — are read in synagogue throughout the Jewish year. Take a deep dive into Esther (Purim), Song of Songs (Passover), Ruth (Shavuot), Lamentations (Tisha B’Av), and Ecclesiastes (Sukkot). Jews & Ukraine: It's Complicated My Jewish Learning and JTA News’ email series devoted to exploring the Jewish connection to Ukraine. Discovering Jewish Spirituality Jewish tradition contains a wealth of wisdom for transforming your life — not only at synagogue but also every day at home — into one that is more spiritually enriched and meaningful. In this journey, we explore many authentic (and surprising!) Jewish techniques for cultivating your spiritual life. See all newsletters Enter Your Email Address I accept the Privacy Policy. Upcoming Events The Hub, Jewish online classes and events Tue. Mar. 05, 2024 @ 7:00 pm EST The Mark of an Existence: Rediscovering and Reimagining Family Journeys Hosted by: My Jewish Learning View More About Event Event Arrow Tue. Mar. 05, 2024 @ 7:30 pm EST Death over Dinner: Jewish Edition Hosted by: Shomer Collective View More About Event Event Arrow Tue. Mar. 05, 2024 @ 7:30 pm EST Just a Taste: The First Steps of Your Jewish Journey Hosted by: B'nai Jeshurun of New York City (BJ) View More About Event Event Arrow Daf Yomi Bava Metzia 6 Renting to a robber. Bava Metzia 5 That shepherd ate my sheep. Bava Metzia 4 Here you are. STUDY RESOURCES Get A Daily Dose of Talmud Access the Full Daf Yomi Archive Take Our Weekly Daf Yomi Class Talmud Words & Phrases to Know How to Read the Talmud PURIM is COMING The annual holiday of revelry begins at sundown on March 23 Reading the Megillah The Scroll of Esther, which tells the Purim story, is chanted in synagogue twice on Purim. 9 Things You Didn’t Know About Purim From Esther’s vegetarianism to the Jewish leap year, things that might surprise you. How To Make Your Own Gragger Instructions for constructing a Purim noisemaker The Fast of Esther The fast that precedes the holiday of Purim. The Purim Meal Eat, drink, and be merry is not without controversy. Vashti: The Forgotten Queen of Persia The rabbis imagined the Bible’s Vashti as both evil villain and tragic heroine. recharge now Our weekly Shabbat newsletter, Recharge, features a thoughtful, timely essay to enrich your Shabbat. Here are a few of our recent pieces: War and Remembrance The Torah commands us to remember the evil of Amalek — but also to forget. The Purim Spirit of Medieval Frankfurt The choice to create a second Purim speaks volumes about how our people value resilience. Between Nationalism and Ethics National pride and unity are important, but it is ethical behavior that makes a people worthy of divine favor. MORE from MJL Keeping Kosher Is CBD Kosher? Gummies, oil and other products containing CBD raise concerns for Jews who keep kosher. Shabbat Shabbat’s Work Prohibition Traditional do’s and don’ts for the Jewish day of rest. Celebrate The Jewish Leap Year Explained Why the Jewish year sometimes adds an extra month of Adar and how that changes holidays and Torah readings. Jews Around the Globe Who Are the Jews of Australia? The first Jews arrived in Sydney in 1788 and have been joined by successive waves of Jewish immigrants ever since. Jewish History 20 Black Jews You Should Know From Yiddish theater to the rabbinate, Black Jews have risen to prominence and enriched all aspects of Jewish and American life. Jewish Languages Nine Words That You Didn’t Know Come From Aramaic You might be surprised to discover that you speak a few words of Aramaic and you didn’t know it. Igniting journeys of Jewish discovery Donate About Us Contact Advertise The Hub Special Email Series Learn Hebrew Recharge Newsletter Weekly Torah Shabbat Times Jewish Calendar Jewish Recipes Jewish Prayer Kaddish Minyan Daf Yomi Newsletters Join Our Newsletter Empower your Jewish discovery, daily Email Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram The Nosher JTA Kveller NY Jewish Week Hey Alma © 2002-2024 My Jewish Learning. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Skip to Banner / Top Skip to Search Skip to Content