Home | Children's Rights Skip to Main Content About Us Back Team Board of Directors National Advisory Council Impact Reports Job Opportunities Contact Our Work Back Our Impact In The Courts Our Advocacy Focus Areas Back Child Health Families Together Government Accountability Immigration Rights LGBTQ+ Rights Racial Justice Youth Justice Latest Back News & Voices Reports & Resources Events Get Involved Back Action Center Donate Plan Your Legacy Donate Children's Rights Are Human Rights Become a Champion For Kids Donate Today Take Action Sign Up For Emails Email Spam Control Text: Please leave this field empty Across the country, Children’s Rights investigates, exposes and combats violations of the rights of children. Through relentless strategic advocacy and legal action, we hold governments accountable for keeping kids safe and healthy. 29yrs with landmark legal victories and our most expansive advocacy docket in Children's Rights' history 2M children positively impacted through our legal action 20+ states fundamentally transforming child-serving systems thanks to our aggressive advocacy More About Our Impact We’re Advocates For Child Health To ensure that governments provide necessary and appropriate medical and mental health care services to children in systems. For Families Together To stop the unnecessary institutionalization of children and ensure families have the community resources they need to keep kids at home in the care of loving adults. For Government Accountability To expose violations of children’s rights in government systems and hold states accountable for keeping kids healthy and safe. For Immigration Rights To ensure the fair treatment, placement, and release of all immigrant minors in the custody of the federal government. For LGBTQ+ Rights To ensure LGBTQ+ youth and families have the legal protections they need to live their lives free from discrimination and mistreatment. For Racial Justice To dismantle racist laws and policies that lead to the unjust removal of Black children from their families. For Youth Justice To end the mistreatment of detained and incarcerated youth, and derail the foster care-to-prison pipeline that funnels children into the juvenile and criminal legal systems. SPEAKING UP for Change View All Stories I want to help break down the destructive generational structures that children in foster care inherit. But also celebrate memory and ancestry – including my own ancestors, who have been right there with me for 32 hard years. Read Ivory’s Story 1 2 3 4 5 6 Even if the world is challenging and hard, we shouldn’t just be asking young people about their traumas. We should be finding out what helps them thrive and figuring out how we can make those things possible. Read Elliot’s Story 1 2 3 4 5 6 I see it in my work every day. The things that can keep a family whole are so basic. … Get someone that housing voucher, or help them find a job or fix their credit score. It’s usually very doable things that can mitigate the harm and preserve families. Read Iesha’s Story 1 2 3 4 5 6 It is unfair and cruel to expect young people who have already suffered so much, been denied support and the unconditional love every child deserves to get no help in the biggest transition of their lives — adulthood. Imagine being expected to pay the rent and be responsible with no information and no resources. Not fair. Read Jonathan’s Story 1 2 3 4 5 6 America has a legal and moral obligation to provide children in its custody with proper shelter, food, recreation, and medical care. And to reunite them with their families. Read Leecia’s Story 1 2 3 4 5 6 Today, when I encounter transgender children, be they teens or younger kids, I remember my own childhood. I recall the longing to be heard and seen as myself. I remember the confusing and oftentimes lonely battles with self-doubt. My need for support and affirmation from others was profound. I badly wanted to belong, just like everyone else. I know that these children want the same. Read Samantha’s Story 1 2 3 4 5 6 The Latest View All Latest Content NAACP and Children’s Advocates Request Federal Civil Rights Investigation of Minnesota’s Child Welfare System The Imprint March 4, 2024 In the News NAACP, Children’s Advocacy Group File Lawsuit Against Minnesota for Welfare Discrimination The Hill March 4, 2024 In the News NAACP, Children’s Rights Submit Civil Rights Complaint Against Minnesota’s Child Welfare System, Alleging Racial Discrimination March 4, 2024 Press Release Settlement Requires DHHS to Reform Use of Psychotropic Drugs Given to Foster Children The Portland Press Herald March 1, 2024 In the News In New Settlement, Maine Promises Foster System Accountability and Safety Through Oversight of Psychotropic Medication Administered to Children March 1, 2024 Press Release See Your Impact In Action Children’s Rights is transforming government systems so that every child has the chance to be a kid. See Your Impact Become A Champion For Kids Today And help provide the dependable resources we need to keep fighting. Donate to Children’s Rights Donate Now Take Action See Your Impact Stay Up to Date by Joining Our Mailing List First Name Last Name Email Spam Control Text: Please leave this field empty © 2024 Children’s Rights. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Nonprofit Web Design by NMC