Live Chat Software for Sales and Customer Support | Olark New - Jump to content Jump to live chat support Provide 24/7 affordable customer service with AI-powered chat. Connect to learn more. Olark Logo Features Features submenu Overview Customization Automation Reporting Searchable Transcripts Custom Forms Real-Time Engagement Power-Ups Team Management Accessible Live Chat How To How To submenu Increase Sales Generate Leads Provide Great Service Engage Students Manage a Remote Team Chatbots Pricing Case Studies Integrations Log in Free trial Olark Logo Mobile Menu Features Overview Customization Automation Reporting Searchable Transcripts Custom Forms Real-Time Engagement Power-Ups Team Management Accessible Live Chat How To Increase Sales Generate Leads Provide Great Service Engage Students Manage a Remote Team Pricing Chatbots Case Studies Integrations Log in Free trial Olark uses cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By clicking "I like cookies", you agree to our use of them.Refer to our privacy policy for details. I like cookies Customers want to talk to you. Make it easy. Try live chat for free Listen. Learn. Improve. Olark’s live chat software and customer data tools help you learn from every online interaction. 01 Chat in real time Engage your customers, answer questions, and gather feedback 02 Organize customer data Store structured notes and chat transcripts in Olark or your CRM 03 Apply live chat insights Leverage customer input to optimize your products and service Customer Success Stories Our case studies share how Olark customers increase conversion, lower call volumes, gather user insights, and more. 174% sales increase Lush Cosmetics UK saw 174% higher conversion for customers who chat. See the Results 50% support decrease The University of Montana used Olark to decrease repetitive inquiries by 50%. See the Results 50% close rate Landmark Properties converts 50% of Olark leads into leases. See the Results Explore Case Studies Small teams use Olark live chat to: Listen to customers online Everyone wants to feel heard. Give customers a good ear with: Custom pre-chat forms: Jump-start conversation by gathering context before a chat begins Triggered messages: Automatically send a suggestion or special offer at the perfect moment Offline messaging: Not free to chat? Let customers leave a message, and follow up via email Learn from live chat data Customers are your best teachers. With Olark's features, you'll never miss a lesson: Easy data access: Update customer records, and track visits and pageviews, while chatting Transcript archive: Save the full text of every conversation to a searchable database Unlimited integrations: Send chat data straight to your other sales and support tools Improve sales and support Bring your business vision to life — we'll get you the data you need: Real-time dashboards: Get up-to-the-minute reports on chat metrics and customer feedback Email reports: Receive daily, weekly, or monthly data summaries in your inbox Google Analytics integration: Add Olark events for a richer view of your conversion funnel Explore features After we installed Olark, our visitor-to-trial conversion rate doubled — and the ability to capture and share chat transcripts created a much tighter feedback loop between our sales, support, and marketing teams. Staff Squared After we installed Olark, our visitor-to-trial conversion rate doubled — and the ability to capture and share chat transcripts created a much tighter feedback loop between our sales, support, and marketing teams. Staff Squared Bonus: We've got happy customers, too. 10 Years of powering real conversations 5 Stevie Awards for customer service Over 40,000 customers in 170 countries Simple, predictable pricing for teams of all sizes Starting from just $29 per agent per month Explore plans Real customer conversations. Real business benefits. Try it free Olark Logo Facebook twitter (1) Created with Sketch. Instagram Linkedin Product Pricing Chatbots Features Integrations Product Tour Case Studies Support FAQ Help Center Getting Started Troubleshooting JavaScript API About Our Team Our Values Become an Olarker Connect with us Speak: The Olark Blog Our Guide to Remote Work Become a Partner Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy GDPR Accessibility Statement of Action Olark Logo Facebook twitter (1) Created with Sketch. Instagram Linkedin Product Pricing Chatbots Features Integrations Product Tour Case Studies Support FAQ Help Center Getting Started Troubleshooting JavaScript API Hire an Expert About Our Team Our Values Become an Olarker Connect with us Speak: The Olark Blog Our Guide to Remote Work Become a Partner Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy GDPR Accessibility Statement of Action 2810 N Church St., #63602 Wilmington, DE 19802 © Olark