Samaritans | Every life lost to suicide is a tragedy | Here to listen Skip to main content Samaritans homepage Menu Donate now Contact a Samaritan Samaritans homepage Close How we can help How we can help Talk to someone On the phone By email Write a letter Find a branch If you're having a difficult time Signs you may be struggling to cope Support groups for people bereaved by suicide I want to kill myself If you're worried about someone else If you think it's an emergency Supporting someone with suicidal thoughts How to support someone you're worried about In the workplace In schools In prisons In the military In health and care Support us Support us Volunteer for Samaritans Be there for people who desperately need someone Events and fundraising Take part in an event or fundraise in your own way Donate now Just £5 can fund the cost of a call Find your nearest Samaritans shop Some Samaritans branches run charity shops selling pre-loved items to raise critical funds. Corporate partnerships There are many ways your company can support our work Leave a gift in your Will You can pass on something wonderful More ways to support us Donate now Contact a Samaritan Search our website Search Samaritans We're waiting for your call Whatever you're going through, a Samaritan will face it with you. We're here 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Call 116 123 for free Other ways you can get in touch Help more people to believe in tomorrow Together let's make sure that we're always here for people to turn to in their darkest hours. Monthly donation One-off donation Select an amount £5 £10 £30 Change amount (required) Campaign id (required) Campaign name (required) Frequency (required) Currency (required) Donate Now Direct Debit logo Select an amount £10 £25 £42 £96 Change amount (required) Campaign id (required) Campaign name (required) Frequency (required) Currency (required) Donate Now Visa logo Mastercard logo Google Pay logo Apple Pay logo TCS London Marathon MyWay 2024 Run with Samaritans and together we can save lives We're proud to be the 2024 TCS London Marathon Charity of the Year. The TCS London Marathon MyWay is your chance to complete 26.2 miles however and wherever you wish on Marathon Day. Run for #TeamSamaritans wherever you choose and help people believe a better tomorrow is possible. We're with you every step of the way. Secure your place Do you know where I can get a coffee? If you think someone might need help, trust your instincts and start a simple conversation. Find out how Small Talk Saves Lives What we're working on Every ten seconds, we respond to a call for help. No judgement. No pressure. We're here for anyone who needs someone. Campaign for a suicide-safer internet At Samaritans we believe it's important to create a suicide-safer internet for everyone, while still making sure the support the internet provides remains available. Samaritans’ strategy: Tackling suicide together Read about Samaritans’ five-year strategy, which outlines our main priorities and how we’re working towards our vision that fewer people die by suicide. Equity, Diversity and Inclusion at Samaritans Our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion is one of the key principles in our new strategy and will connect with everything we do, guiding the way we work and behave. Why we need you to be part of our Christmas story 3,462 volunteers 3,462 volunteers Will give up their time to respond to vital calls for help this Christmas. It costs £52,628.40 It costs £52,628.40 to provide our service to individuals seeking support on Christmas day alone. 10,632 calls 10,632 calls for help were responded to by our incredible volunteers last Christmas day. By donating just £4.95 this Christmas, you could help a Samaritans volunteer answer a life-saving call for life. Donate £4.95 to fund a call Help more people to believe in tomorrow Together let's make sure that we're always here for people to turn to in their darkest hours. What we're working on Campaign for a suicide-safer internet At Samaritans we believe it's important to create a suicide-safer internet for everyone, while still making sure the support the internet provides remains available. Samaritans’ strategy: Tackling suicide together Read about Samaritans’ five-year strategy, which outlines our main priorities and how we’re working towards our vision that fewer people die by suicide. Equity, Diversity and Inclusion at Samaritans Our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion is one of the key principles in our new strategy and will connect with everything we do, guiding the way we work and behave. Help more people to believe in tomorrow Together let's make sure that we're always here for people to turn to in their darkest hours. I'm looking for information about Samaritans in... Ireland Scotland Wales Volunteer with us Being a Samaritan means being there for people who need someone to listen. Last year around 23,000 people volunteered their time with us. More about volunteering Samaritans news View all news Small talk is no small thing 22nd February 2024 Samaritans responds to ONS data on suicides in England and Wales 2022 registrations 19th December 2023 Samaritans responds to the Autumn Statement 22nd November 2023 Changing the way we think about suicide In addition to the services we provide, an important part of our work is understanding and challenging the social elements that impact suicide. Suicide facts and figures We're the only organisation collating suicide data for all UK nations and the Republic of Ireland. Samaritans' Media Guidelines Samaritans' Media Guidelines help journalists report suicide and self-harm safely and responsibly. The internet and suicide The role online content can play in suicide risk and self harm is complex. Read about our research and recommendations for online safety. Our policy and research Our research and policy work drives change that helps save more lives. Samaritans’ strategy: Tackling suicide together Samaritans’ 2022-27 strategy, ‘Tackling suicide together’, outlines our main priorities for the next five years and how we’ll be working towards our vision that fewer people die by suicide. Find out more Need support? Call 116 123 to speak to a Samaritan or view other ways to get in touch England Scotland Republic of Ireland Northern Ireland Wales Some of the content you’re seeing is based on the country you’re browsing from. How we can help Contact a Samaritan If you're having a difficult time If you're worried about someone else Talk to us on the phone Complaints, concerns and feedback Support us Volunteer for Samaritans Donate now Find your nearest Samaritans shop Supporter queries Events and fundraising Other ways to support us Policy and research Our policy and research Suicide facts and figures Campaigns Supporting less well-off, middle-aged men About Samaritans What we do Jobs Contact us News Our strategy 116 123 Call us free, day or night, 365 days a year Newsletter Stay on top of our latest news and updates News Jobs Accessibility Privacy Cookies Legal Feedback Samaritans is a charity registered in England and Wales (219432) and in Scotland (SC040604) and incorporated in England and Wales as a company limited by guarantee (757372). Samaritans Ireland is a charity registered in the Republic of Ireland (20033668) and incorporated in the Republic of Ireland as a company limited by guarantee (450409). Samaritans Enterprises is a private limited company (01451175).