Eurogamer.net Support us Sign in / Create account PC PlayStation Xbox Nintendo Digital Foundry News Reviews Videos Features Guides Trending 2024 Game Release Schedule Best Helldivers 2 Weapons Pokémon Go Charcadet Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth Tips Supporters only Deals Buy eShop codes Home For you Popular Now Interview | Dune: Awakening devs explain "alt history" approach to Conan: Exiles' vast, intricate follow-up "I think the player's interactions with spice can be pretty f***ing interesting." 9 Feature | What is going on with layoffs in the video games industry? Sales appear to be better than ever, but you've no doubt seen the headlines. 113 Feature | How did Final Fantasy 7 capture so much humanity? "Perhaps, like Cloud on the gondola, I wasn't ready to understand." 31 Fortnite's giant hand event was a return to the game's uniqueness of old And a proper start to the game's latest era. Digital Foundry | Upcoming Alan Wake 2 patch drastically improves GTX 10-series performance A look at the new optimisations, plus general PC improvements since launch. 18 Feature | Who is qualified to make a world? In search of the magic of maps "You're travelling with your imagination..." 51 Feature | Sony studio Firesprite has been shedding talent amidst accusations of toxic culture, staff say "Death by a thousand cuts." 90 Latest TimeSplitters Next cancelled gameplay footage appears online Showing Fortnite clone origins, and later progress as TS2 remaster. Bandai Namco mech shooter Synduality Echo of Ada gets closed beta test Armored Phwoar. 1 Meta deleting Oculus accounts at the end of the month Make sure you migrate your data before then. 1 Supporters | Game of the Week: Star Wars: Dark Forces and the challenge of remasters Stolen plans. 4 Capcom announces two showcases this month for its upcoming games Dragon's Dogma! Street Fighter! Monster Hunter! 4 Baldur's Gate 3 is the first Xbox game on four discs Ranger things. 20 Titanfall director reportedly making new Titanfall game that's not Titanfall 3 Meching progress. 5 Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League's first season adds The Joker this month Plus, Epic version delayed again. 28 Digital Foundry | This massive 1.5TB SanDisk microSD card is down to its lowest price ever from Amazon Now that's a big card. There's an official SpongeBob SquarePants Xbox Series X on the way But it's only available in the US. 14 Switch emulator Yuzu shuts down as creator agrees to pay Nintendo $2.4m Following recent lawsuit. 119 Fortnite's giant hand event was a return to the game's uniqueness of old And a proper start to the game's latest era. See more articles Psst! Explore our new "For you" section and get personalised recommendations about what to read Explore "For you" Deals We may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy. Intel's respectable i5-12400F is down to a great price at Amazon right now A true value hero. This 1TB Seagate Expansion Card for Xbox Series X/S is to down to a good price from Viking Direct The power of a discount code. 1 Best PlayStation Plus deals in March 2024 Find the cheapest PS Plus deals for Essential, Premium and Extra. Best PS4 game deals in March 2024 Continue building your PlayStation 4 game library for even cheaper. See more Deals Editor's picks Feature | From Daredevil Dennis to Die Hard Trilogy: Simon Pick has a hell of a tale to tell "Let's make three games! It'll be fine." 44 Long read | What might the ultimate character creator look like? "The future needs to be that broader representation is a given, not a nice-to-have." 75 Interview | Can game design help you beat The Traitors? Faithful adaptation. 45 Interview | Becoming Hailey: Marvel's Spider-Man 2 actress Natasha Ofili and Insomniac on Deaf representation and more "It is so important to do it right." 22 Supporters only Like what we do at Eurogamer? Support us! Subscribe today and gain access to our ad-free browsing experience, supporter-only articles and videos, merch discounts, and much more - for only £2.99/$2.99 a month! Support us View supporter archive Supporters | Game of the Week: Star Wars: Dark Forces and the challenge of remasters Stolen plans. 4 Supporters | Five of the Best: Card games within games Aces. 21 Supporters | Game of the Week: Finally, a game with the guts to ask, "What if middle child syndrome was a Volvo?" And some stuff about Carlo Rovelli. 3 Supporters | Five of the Best: Meals 13 Reviews Digital Foundry | Sony Xperia 5 V review: Compact and powerful with a great camera A trendy handset with a couple of pitfalls. 27 Review | Star Wars: Dark Forces Remaster review - a meticulous overhaul of a shooter that still blasts with the best Return of the deadeye. 32 Review | Balatro review - near-infinite poker possibilities Park your Lexus. 69 Review | Wrath: Aeon of Ruin review - a retro shooter of unprecedented scope, for better and worse Untamed dimensions. 32 See more Reviews Videos Digital Foundry Digital Foundry | Intel's respectable i5-12400F is down to a great price at Amazon right now A true value hero. Digital Foundry | This 1TB Seagate Expansion Card for Xbox Series X/S is to down to a good price from Viking Direct The power of a discount code. 1 Digital Foundry | Sony Xperia 5 V review: Compact and powerful with a great camera A trendy handset with a couple of pitfalls. 27 Digital Foundry | This massive 1.5TB SanDisk microSD card is down to its lowest price ever from Amazon Now that's a big card. See more Digital Foundry Elden Ring Official Elden Ring webcomic out next month Another Tarnished rises. 4 Feature | Who is qualified to make a world? In search of the magic of maps "You're travelling with your imagination..." 51 Elden Ring has one more secret yet to be discovered "I think it's a question of when and not if," teases Miyazaki. 16 Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree trailer analysed Messmerising. 10 See more Elden Ring Pokémon Go Pokémon Go promo codes and how to redeem them How promo codes work, and where to get them from. Pokémon Go Egg charts: What's in 2km, 5km, 7km, 10km and 'Strange' red 12km Eggs What you can find in Eggs of all distances in Pokémon Go. 3 Go Tour 2024 It's About Time and Space research, Turtwig, Chimchar or Piplup best Choose Path in Pokémon Go It’s time to partner up with Team Rocket! Pokémon Go Gen 9 Pokémon list released so far, every creature from Scarlet and Violet’s Paldea region listed Everything you need to know about Gen 9 in Pokémon Go. See more Pokémon Go Palworld Palworld teams up with Microsoft for Xbox Series S giveaway Oh Fuack. 11 Palworld reaches 25m players in first month With a little help from my friends. 6 "Palworld has lost X per cent of its player base discourse is lazy," says developer Pocketpair "There are so many amazing games out there to play; you don't need to feel guilty about hopping from game to game." 34 Palworld studio admits it can't "keep up" with cheaters, says anti-cheat solution on the way Insists it's tackling issue "as a priority". 19 See more Palworld Guides Honkai Star Rail tier list for best characters in 2.0 March 2024 Ranking every character in Star Rail. Honkai Star Rail Gallagher materials, kit, and Eidolons Ascension and Trace materials for Gallagher. Honkai Star Rail Aventurine materials, kit, and Eidolons Ascension and Trace materials for Aventurine. Pokémon Go promo codes and how to redeem them How promo codes work, and where to get them from. Pokémon Go Egg charts: What's in 2km, 5km, 7km, 10km and 'Strange' red 12km Eggs What you can find in Eggs of all distances in Pokémon Go. 3 Honkai Star Rail Acheron materials, kit, and Eidolons Ascension and Trace materials for Acheron. Go Tour 2024 It's About Time and Space research, Turtwig, Chimchar or Piplup best Choose Path in Pokémon Go It’s time to partner up with Team Rocket! Here's all our Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth guides, tips and tricks in one place Wondering where to start? This is it. Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth feed for Piko locations How to get all six greens for the 'Gearing up for the Race' quest. 3 Pokémon Go Gen 9 Pokémon list released so far, every creature from Scarlet and Violet’s Paldea region listed Everything you need to know about Gen 9 in Pokémon Go. Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth Swindling Seminar answers How to pick who is telling the truth in Swindling Seminar. Pokémon Horizons field research tasks, rewards and spawns in Pokémon Go Everything you need to know about the Pokémon Horizons: The Series Celebration Event! See more Guides Our Team Tom Phillips Editor-in-Chief Chris Tapsell Deputy Editor Christian Donlan Features Editor Lottie Lynn Guides Editor Robert Purchese Associate Editor Ed Nightingale Deputy News Editor Jessica Orr Senior Guides Writer Marie Pritchard Guides Writer Matt Wales News Reporter Victoria Kennedy News Reporter Aoife Wilson Head of Video Ian Higton Video Producer Zoe Delahunty-Light Video Producer Richard Leadbetter Technology Editor, Digital Foundry Will Judd Deputy Editor, Digital Foundry Thomas Morgan Senior Staff Writer, Digital Foundry John Linneman Senior Staff Writer, Digital Foundry Alex Battaglia Video Producer, Digital Foundry Vikki Blake Contributor Liv Ngan Contributor Paolo Balmes Moderator Bad puns and video games since 1999. Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, a ReedPop company and subsidiary of Reed Exhibitions Limited. © 2024 Gamer Network Limited, Gateway House, 28 The Quadrant, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 1DN, United Kingdom, registered under company number 03882481. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Explore PC PlayStation Xbox Nintendo Digital Foundry News Reviews Videos Features Guides Newsletters Helpful Links About Us Advertise with us Archive Authors Code of Conduct Contact Us Corporate Site Editorial Policy Review Policy RSS Feeds Terms & Conditions Privacy Links Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Manage cookie settings Across Europe Eurogamer.cz Eurogamer.de Eurogamer.es Eurogamer.net Eurogamer.nl Eurogamer.pl Eurogamer.pt ReedPop Dicebreaker Digital Foundry GamesIndustry.biz Jelly Deals Nintendo Life Popverse Pure Xbox Push Square Rock Paper Shotgun The Haul Time Extension VG247 VGC