The Tyee | BC's home for today's news, analysis and updates This page requires Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support JavaScript or you have it turned off. Please enable JavaScript before you proceed. Marking 20 years of bold journalism, reader supported. support us subscribe free News Analysis Culture Solutions More Support Us Search Search Sections News Analysis Culture National Solutions Topics BC Politics Coronavirus Education Energy Environment Federal Politics Gender & Sexuality Health Housing Indigenous Labour & Industry Media Municipal Politics Rights & Justice Science & Tech Urban Planning & Architecture More About Us Newsletter The Tyee Team Contact Funding Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Submissions Weekly Archives Support Us Builder Account Login Recent Stories Analysis A Dome of Secrecy Protects Smith’s Alberta Pension Push I sought government documents on citizens’ views. I got further proof info access is broken. Charles Rusnell 5 Mar 2024 Culture What ‘Shōgun’ Showed Me about Being Japanese Days after retiring, I started a new acting gig. And now I see myself in a new light. Ron Yamauchi 5 Mar 2024 News Can Marine Mammals and Munitions Coexist? As the humpback whale population rebounds in an area of the Salish Sea used for military weapons training, scientists raise concerns. andrea bennett 5 Mar 2024 News Study Confirms DULF Saved Lives by Distributing Tested Drugs Researcher Thomas Kerr says it’s important to follow the peer-reviewed science instead of politicized opinions on safe supply. Michelle Gamage 5 Mar 2024 Canada needs more independent media. Join us. The Tyee is a non-profit, reader-supported publication. Sign up now News Despite Failure to Speed Up FOIs, $10 Fee Is Staying New minister defends charge, but opposition says it shows government’s secrecy. Andrew MacLeod 4 Mar 2024 News The Coroner Called Them Overdoses. What Really Happened? BC lags far behind other provinces in its autopsy rate for suspected drug deaths. A Tyee special report. Jen St. Denis 4 Mar 2024 Culture ‘500 Days in the Wild’ Is a Magnificent Quest Dianne Whelan took a six-year journey across the country. And filmed the whole trip herself. Dorothy Woodend 4 Mar 2024 News One Man’s March to Beat Poilievre in His Own Riding Aspiring Liberal candidate Bruce Fanjoy has knocked on 5,000 doors. ‘I see hope in faces.’ Michael Harris 4 Mar 2024 Analysis Hydro Power’s Conundrum: Rising Demand in a Drier Climate Central to low-carbon economic plans is an electricity source threatened by drought. Andrew Nikiforuk 4 Mar 2024 Opinion Brace Yourselves. Alberta’s Budget Roller-coaster Is on the Move Boom, bust and repeat cycle ahead as the UCP fails to tackle resource dependency. David Climenhaga 1 Mar 2024 News After a Vancouver Death, Union Wants Faster Action on Crane Safety Government, stakeholders to meet next week as part of long-term review. Brishti Basu 1 Mar 2024 Opinion Alberta Budget Offers Austerity and a Broken Tax-Cut Promise The Smith government builds its plans on the quicksand of fossil fuels prices. Graham Thomson 1 Mar 2024 Culture A Walk Through Squamish Legends, Lifeways and Histories An essential new book by the nation goes beyond settler social studies. Christopher Cheung 1 Mar 2024 News Why Is Vancouver Funding an Extremely Expensive Private Dyslexia School? The city is putting its dollars behind Fraser Academy, which charges $44,000 tuition. But support is missing from public schools. Katie Hyslop 1 Mar 2024 News BC Government Backs National Pharmacare Launch But Kevin Falcon says provinces should be cautious in accepting benefits. Andrew MacLeod 1 Mar 2024 Opinion Why Danielle Smith’s Massive Health Reorganization Should Scare You I’m a doctor. And I’m afraid for Alberta’s health care. Stan Houston 29 Feb 2024 More recent stories News Why Did Trans Mountain Dig Through an Indigenous Burial Site? The company’s plan was to ‘micro-tunnel’ in Secwépemc territory — but that fell through. An explainer. Amanda Follett Hosgood 29 Feb 2024 Culture When We Talk about Art, What’s Left Unsaid? A posthumous show by two West Coast artists showcases the tensions between language and visual art. Dorothy Woodend 29 Feb 2024 What Works Medical Masks Save Lives but Harm Nature. This Maker Stepped Up BC’s Vitacore figured out how to recycle difficult plastics like the respirators it manufactures by the millions. Katie Hyslop 29 Feb 2024 Culture On Loving Monsters, and Learning to Love Yourself In her new memoir, Tania De Rozario faces her demons and shares the healing power of horror films. Carol Eugene Park 29 Feb 2024 All Recent Stories Editor's Pick This story is making waves. News Wet’suwet’en Law Cannot ‘Coexist’ with BC Court Order, Judge Determines Chief Dsta’hyl has been found guilty of criminal contempt. Amanda Follett Hosgood / 21 Feb 2024 Tyee Insider What we're up to. How to be involved. Thank You for 20 years! That’s right, The Tyee turned 20 years old in 2023. That’s two decades of showing up every weekday with fresh, original journalism that you won’t read anywhere else. From a very small crew of two people, our non-profit news organization has grown to a staff of 24 people. And along the way, our journalism has won plenty of awards, sparked international movements and changed laws. We only exist and continue to grow because we have the support of Tyee Builders who chip in to our editorial budget. If you value independent journalism and want to help us grow, join us. Become a Tyee Builder today. And check this out... Presents Remember Darren Barefoot by Studying His Climate Action Playbook And by donating to his legacy fund to help his work continue. Julie Szabo 20 Feb 2024 Presents ‘Strings of the Universe’ Celebrates the Connections Between Weaving and Music The new collaborative work from Debra Sparrow and Jack Campbell will be performed on violin, harp and double bass. Arts Umbrella 14 Feb 2024 Presents East Van Cohousing Offers Community-Oriented Vision In a city where it can be hard to find connection and support, people are working together to find livable solutions. East Van Cohousing 7 Feb 2024 The Next Economy From Alaska to California, people are pouring their smarts and hearts into successful enterprises that are low carbon and locally rooted. They’re employing and training, producing and sustaining. So The Tyee created a whole new section to tell their stories and share best practices for a healthy bioregion. We call it What Works. It’s where you’ll find regular reports on the business of creating what works for a better future. Interested in this project? Read more about What Works or contact us to be involved. What Works Fish Leather Is Incredibly Strong and Beautiful. Can Makers ‘Scale Up’? Meet artisans in Alaska and BC who are sustaining, and advancing, an ancient art. Brendan Jones 22 Feb 2024 What Works A Treasure Trove for Upcycled Clothing Visit ‘an amazing place’ that swaps consumerism for creative joy while keeping textiles out of landfills. Pippa Norman 5 Feb 2024 What Works Refugees Needed Jobs and Belonging. Tayybeh Cooked Up a Solution The Vancouver caterer keeps growing, all the while changing lives of Syrians fleeing war. Samantha Holomay 13 Feb 2024 What Works Medical Masks Save Lives but Harm Nature. This Maker Stepped Up BC’s Vitacore figured out how to recycle difficult plastics like the respirators it manufactures by the millions. Katie Hyslop 29 Feb 2024 Editor's Pick This story is making waves. News A Town’s Beloved Bear Was Killed. Some People Say Enough Nelson’s Hansella was one of a record 603 black bears slain by BC conservation officers last year. Judith Lavoie / 20 Feb 2024 Most Popular A Dome of Secrecy Protects Smith’s Alberta Pension Push One Man’s March to Beat Poilievre in His Own Riding What ‘Shōgun’ Showed Me about Being Japanese Most Commented Alberta Budget Offers Austerity and a Broken Tax-Cut Promise One Man’s March to Beat Poilievre in His Own Riding Hydro Power’s Conundrum: Rising Demand in a Drier Climate Most Emailed One Man’s March to Beat Poilievre in His Own Riding Alberta’s Brutal Water Reckoning Let’s Set a Maximum Wage for the Rich Comment Noted We hear you. Turning to Youth to Bring Forward Solutions (click to read in context) I am constantly impressed by my conversations with my grandchildren — they are articulate, caring human beings — too often thwarted by disregard and disrespect. The young people need to be encouraged to speak out and they need to be listened to. If my contemporaries at that age had a fraction of their awareness and sensitivity, I feel the world would be a better place. Give them an audience and the opportunity to share. The future is theirs. somesweetday, in response to "Help Us Report on Who's Making Things Better" Take Our Poll Vote now. Do You Think Trudeau Will Survive the Next Election? Yes No Tell us more... Last week: Would you live in a former office building? Read the results of that poll here. Editor's Pick This story is making waves. News Meet the Cormorants of the Second Narrows Bridge Pushed from their habitat, the largest colony in BC found a new home beneath commuter traffic. Christopher Cheung / 21 Feb 2024 Reported Elsewhere Today's links curated for you. Thanks to the Washington Post, I found my ancestor’s remains at the Smithsonian(via IndigiNews) Should you consider running in Crocs?(via Outside) Victoria boy, six, died days after being placed in foster care(via Times Colonist) BC teachers ask for pension divestment from fossil fuels(via CityNews) ‘Abuse of power’: Hospitals, med schools crack down on Palestine advocacy(via the Breach) The Black church is embracing LGBTQ+ youth and reuniting faith with family. Will it help reduce homelessness?(via AfroLA) Alberta brings in new restrictions on renewable power projects as moratorium set to end Thursday(via Edmonton Journal) West Vancouver mayor banned from practising law for two years after admitting misconduct(via CBC) Israel is deliberately starving Palestinians, UN rights expert says(via the Guardian) Drax: UK power station still burning rare forest wood(via BBC) Culture Culture What ‘Shōgun’ Showed Me about Being Japanese Days after retiring, I started a new acting gig. And now I see myself in a new light. Ron Yamauchi 5 Mar 2024 Culture ‘500 Days in the Wild’ Is a Magnificent Quest Dianne Whelan took a six-year journey across the country. And filmed the whole trip herself. Dorothy Woodend 4 Mar 2024 Culture A Walk Through Squamish Legends, Lifeways and Histories An essential new book by the nation goes beyond settler social studies. Christopher Cheung 1 Mar 2024 Culture When We Talk about Art, What’s Left Unsaid? A posthumous show by two West Coast artists showcases the tensions between language and visual art. Dorothy Woodend 29 Feb 2024 More Culture Make great journalism happen The Tyee is a reader-supported publication. If you value what we do, help us make it. Join Tyee Builders The Tyee About The Tyee The Tyee Team Contact Funding Jobs Privacy Policy Submissions Support The Tyee Advertise Sections News Analysis Culture Opinion National Solutions Tyee News Weekly Archives Your Account Builder Account Login Subscribe by email Subscribe by RSS