The Journal Advertisement Irish News FactCheck Voices Climate Crisis Ukraine More More Support Us Sign out | Sign in Weekly Podcast The Explainer The Explainer is a weekly podcast from TheJournal.ie that takes a deeper look at one big news story you need to know about. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts Newsletters : Sign Up Temperature Check FactCheck The Stardust Inquests Inside The Newsroom Sections & Topics Climate Crisis Business International Politics Culture Housing Partner Publications The 42 The latest Irish and international sports news for readers and subscribers Noteworthy A platform helping fund the type of in-depth journalism that the public wants to see Support The Journal Tuesday 5 March 2024 Dublin: 7°C Weekly Podcast The Explainer The Explainer is a weekly podcast from TheJournal.ie that takes a deeper look at one big news story you need to know about. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts Newsletters : Sign Up Temperature Check FactCheck The Stardust Inquests Inside The Newsroom Sections & Topics Climate Crisis Business International Politics Culture Housing Partner Publications The 42 The latest Irish and international sports news for readers and subscribers Noteworthy A platform helping fund the type of in-depth journalism that the public wants to see Support The Journal Sign in to have your say Or create a free account to join the discussion Advertisement Your Say Daily Poll Poll: How much time do you spend on your phone per day? NEW RESEARCH HAS found that 74% of people use their smartphone as soon as they wake up. The findings were released yesterday as part of Deloitte’s digital consumer trend report. The report also found that 52% of people tend to stay awake later than planned because they use their smartphone into the night. Whether you’re using it first thing in the morning or last thing at night, we want to know how much time are you spending on your phone? So today we’re asking: How much time do you spend on your phone per day? Less than an hour One - two hours Three hours Four hours Five hours or more I don't have a phone No interest, no opinion Submit Your Vote You've already voted See Results Tuesday 5 March Today's Top Stories rte payment scandal Powerful Oireachtas committee says RTÉ should be brought under the remit of the State's auditor UL Hospitals Group Scheduled activity deferred at University Hospital Limerick due to ‘exceptionally high’ presentations taking the lead Ex-Garda deputy commissioner to head up new stakeholder group on dog control Gaza UN says there are 'reasonable grounds' to believe Hamas committed rapes during 7 October attacks primary season Super Tuesday is not so super this year but Donald Trump may still be the winner after it Show more Top Stories Your Say Poll: How much time do you spend on your phone per day? 3 3.1k 51 minutes ago princess of wales Kate Middleton photogaphed for first time since December - but the UK papers aren't running the pic 27 13.8k 1 hour ago Voices Opinion: Yes, the wording is tricky, but I am voting 'Yes, Yes' in the proposed referendums 0 6.9k Updated 2 hours ago Mullingar Two men arrested after €62,000 in cash and €20,000 worth of cannabis seized in Co Westmeath 0 4.5k 2 hours ago Sponsored Exclusive Dublin homes: Discover some of the most sought-after properties in Ballsbridge Daft.ie Mar 5 Good Morning The 9 at 9 Here’s all the news you need to know as you start your day. 0 3.3k Updated 3 hours ago Walking and Cycling Index Walking and cycling removes 680,000 daily car journeys in Ireland five biggest cities - report 89 7.5k 4 hours ago UL Hospitals Group Scheduled activity deferred at University Hospital Limerick due to ‘exceptionally high’ presentations 0 5.0k 4 hours ago Gaza International mediators and Hamas in Cairo for talks on six-week truce and exchange of hostages 0 1.6k 4 hours ago Gaza UN says there are 'reasonable grounds' to believe Hamas committed rapes during 7 October attacks 0 5.8k 4 hours ago taking the lead Ex-Garda deputy commissioner to head up new stakeholder group on dog control 0 11.5k 5 hours ago rte payment scandal Powerful Oireachtas committee says RTÉ should be brought under the remit of the State's auditor 0 3.6k 6 hours ago primary season Super Tuesday is not so super this year but Donald Trump may still be the winner after it It’s not a case of ‘if’ it’s all over but ‘when’. Rónán Duffy takes a look at why this year's bumper day of US voting isn't quite so decisive. Donald Trump is running away with the Republican race but Nikki Haley isn't quitting yet. Instead, Trump's days in court may be the only chance of her claiming the nomination. 31 7.0k 12 hours ago Yesterday 4th March 2024 Lawsuit Former Twitter executives sue Elon Musk for almost $130 million in unpaid severance 0 6.9k 13 hours ago Premier League Arsenal put six goals past Sheffield United to keep pressure on Liverpool 6 6.5k 13 hours ago shared spoils Shamrock Rovers rescue late draw in clash of the LOI's main title contenders 2 6.4k 14 hours ago Sponsored Five value tips you won't want to miss for Cheltenham 2024 Boyle Sports Mar 4 RTÉ Terence O'Rourke set to be appointed as new RTÉ chairperson 56 39.0k 14 hours ago Road Traffic Collision Man (20s) dies in Co Louth crash 0 18.0k 14 hours ago News Fix Here's What Happened Today: Monday 0 4.1k 14 hours ago Coming Home 'Mammoth task': How Ireland will move €23m of kit back from Syria next month The Irish Defence Forces is ending its ten year involvement in peacekeeping in Syria next month. Niall O'Connor 0 14.8k 16 hours ago Courts Man charged over death of grandmother (80s) in e-scooter crash in Dublin last year 0 23.9k 16 hours ago Courts UK predator vigilante group methods 'bordering on entrapment', lawyers say at sentencing hearing 0 24.3k 17 hours ago Áras An Uachtaráin President Michael D Higgins to remain in hospital until Thursday after 'mild transient weakness' 24 37.1k 17 hours ago Courts Alcoholic who ignored his child's pleas for help with dead mother is jailed 0 40.1k 17 hours ago Roe Vs Wade French politicians vote overwhelmingly for bill enshrining abortion as a constitutional right 0 7.9k Updated 18 hours ago High Court Protests hamper works at Kildare site where hundreds of Ukrainians are due to be accommodated A company constructing facilities in Naas, Co Kildare for families fleeing war secured a temporary order restraining protesters from blocking entrances. 0 33.3k 18 hours ago Down Under Firms tell planning hearing Metrolink tunnel will hit building basements unless plans redrawn 12 21.2k 18 hours ago hard copies Ditch Media brings two county councils to court for alleged failure to maintain ethics registers 0 12.0k 18 hours ago Russia accuses Western countries of participating in Ukraine war after German air force leak 0 19.3k 18 hours ago SPOTLIGHT Referendum opinions How will we vote? Debate Room The Yes and No sides set out their cases for the forthcoming referendums Sarah O'Reilly & Heather Humphreys Rift within feminism Mainstream feminists are backing the 'care amendment' – this is a mistake Rosaleen McDonagh Frustrated carer I'm so desperate for scraps of support, I'm almost hoping for a Yes vote next week Rita B. Wray Young dad I realise now we men were conditioned to think women are more natural carers Mick Gaskin sikorsky No plans to cease use of Irish Coast Guard helicopters after fatal Norway crash of same model 4 9.6k 18 hours ago Evening Wrap The 5 at 5 Five minutes, five stories, five o’clock… 0 4.2k 19 hours ago Siún Ní Raghallaigh Former RTÉ chair says her 'enforced dismissal' seemed designed 'to damage her reputation' 71 31.4k 19 hours ago new boss FAI hint they have their next head coach with contractual reasons delaying announcement to April The 42 reports from the Aviva Stadium 9 8.9k 19 hours ago March Referendums Taoiseach: There's no guarantee a future government would rerun the care referendum 111 13.0k 20 hours ago Irish Aid Planning underway for Ireland to provide aid for international air drops into Gaza Department of Foreign Affairs officials in the Middle East are involved in the operation and it is believed they have requested some military assistance. Niall O'Connor 0 17.2k 20 hours ago US Election US Supreme Court overrules decision to remove Donald Trump from Colorado ballot 33 10.7k 20 hours ago Gaza Kamala Harris calls for 'immediate six-week ceasefire' as US pushes to lock in Gaza truce The comments from Harris are the most forceful to date by a US administration official. 0 11.1k Updated 20 hours ago American Football Three GAA goalkeepers among players competing for NFL contracts in Indiana 6 13.6k 21 hours ago Out in the Cold Asylum seekers describe desperation as Department ends temporary 'extreme weather' shelter One man who spent two nights indoors but is now back in a tent said the situation is “inhumane”. Lauren Boland 0 11.7k 21 hours ago Courts Three men charged after seizure of guns and ammunition 0 10.9k 21 hours ago Courts Man who repeatedly raped teenage babysitter 35 years ago jailed for 8 years 0 25.6k 21 hours ago 1 2 3 4 5 Next Articles Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2024 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. Please note that The Journal uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. Featured About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us The Journal FactCheck Policies Terms of Use Cookies & Privacy Advertising Comments Copyright Competition The Journal supports the work of the Press Council of Ireland and the Office of the Press Ombudsman, and our staff operate within the Code of Practice. You can obtain a copy of the Code, or contact the Council, at www.presscouncil.ie, PH: (01) 6489130, Lo-Call 1800 208 080 or email: info@presscouncil.ie News images provided by Alamy and RollingNews.ie unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by AFP and Press Association. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site Switch to Desktop Site Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit