Tasting Table | Food, Restaurants, Reviews, Recipes, Cooking Tips × RECIPES NEWS EXCLUSIVES RESTAURANTS Cook Drink FEATURES GROCERY Culture ENTERTAIN HOLIDAYS About Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved RECIPES NEWS EXCLUSIVES RESTAURANTS Cook Drink FEATURES GROCERY Culture ENTERTAIN HOLIDAYS What's The Difference Between Maki Sushi And Nigiri? Ina Garten's French Bark Contains 2 Types Of Chocolate Corned Beef Is The Key To Making Irish Eggs Benedict More Stories Cook /Emma Segrest Ina Garten's French Bark Contains 2 Types Of Chocolate What makes Ina Garten's version of a French chocolate bark extra special is the two types of chocolate she uses in her recipe. Read More Cook /Emma Segrest Corned Beef Is The Key To Making Irish Eggs Benedict If you're looking for a celebratory St. Patrick's Day breakfast dish, try Irish eggs Benedict. Find out what ingredients you'll need, as well as corned beef. Read More Cook /Molly Harris Chef Stella Parks's Aluminum Foil Trick For Easier Rolled Cakes A perfectly rolled cake is truly an artistic sight and Chef Stella Park has an aluminum foil trick that will ensure it's more easily done right. Read More Drink /Simone Gerber Spike Your Next Cup Of Tea With Bourbon For A Comforting Night Cap Drinking a hot mug of tea before bed is a great way to unwind and relax after a busy day. Why not enhance the effects with a splash of complementary bourbon? Read More Cook /Greg Baker 15 Ways To Use Canned Oysters Oysters from a can are a good fallback when fresh ones aren't available. Here are more than a few samples of what you can do with canned oysters. Read More Cook /Nikita Ephanov What's The Difference Between Center-Cut And Regular Bacon? America certainly has a love affair with bacon. The pork treat comes in many different cuts, learn the differences between center cut and regular bacon. Read More Cook /Karen Hart The Right Way To Store Fresh Alfalfa Sprouts Alfalfa sprouts are quite a bit more delicate than many other types of produce. To get the most out of their short shelf life, be sure to store them properly. Read More Drink /Nikita Ephanov When You Don't Have Proper Cocktail Mixing Tools, Grab A Slotted Spoon Have you ever wanted to make a fancy cocktail but found yourself without the tools? Don't worry, a common kitchen utensil can sub in and get the job done. Read More Cook /Katie Mach Martha Stewart's 12 Best Tips For Baking Cakes Martha Stewart may have her hand in a lot of pots, but she'll always be a baker at her core. Read about some of her best cake making tips from over the years. Read More Drink /Autumn Swiers The Boozy Difference Between Gaelic And Irish Coffee Irish coffee, with its sweet and creamy combo of Irish whiskey and coffee ingredients, is a popular cocktail. But what about its cousin, the Gaelic coffee? Read More Cook /Luna Regina Canned Mushrooms Make For An Elevated Corned Beef Hash In addition to being surprisingly versatile, canned mushrooms don't require much preparation, so you can add them straight into the beef hash anytime you want. Read More Culture /Claire Redden I Waited An Hour To Try LA's Best Bagel... And I Hate To Say It Was Worth It In a food world inspired by internet-fads, it's not always worth it to give in to the hype. But LA's Courage Bagels truly goes go above and beyond. Read More Drink /Jen Peng Sweet Mash Vs Sour Mash: How The Bourbon Fermentations Match Up What exactly is the difference between the most popular variety of bourbon, sour mash, and the less common sweet mash? Read More Cook /Molly Harris Spaghetti Pie Vs Baked Greek Pasta: What's The Difference? Lasagna might be the most iconic example, but it's far from being the only layered and baked pasta dish. Let's compare one from the U.S. and one from Greece. Read More Cook /Sylvia Tomczak The Correct Way To Slice Bread For Delicious Bruschetta The best tasting bruschetta is piled high with tasty toppings, and in order to make that happen you've got to be sure you're slicing your bread right. Read More Cook /Elizabeth Okosun How Long You Can Store Fresh Brussels Sprouts In The Fridge Since Brussels sprouts are generally served as a side dish, there's a good chance you'll have some leftover from the bag. The good news is they last a while. Read More Cook /Molly Harris Here's The Difference Between Eggs In Purgatory And Shakshuka Despite hailing from different parts of the world, two international egg dishes that have a lot in common are shakshuka and eggs in purgatory. Read More Recipes /Ksenia Prints Smoky French 75 Winter Cocktail Recipe Give your classic French 75 cocktail a wintry update with this unique variation, which swaps the gin for tequila and features a topping of absinthe. Read More Culture /Stephanie Friedman Thin Mints Are The Girl Scouts Cookies With A Nearly 100-Year-Old History Despite the fact that Thin Mints have undergone multiple naming changes, today they can proudly call themselves the best-selling Girl Scout cookie. Read More Drink /Simone Gerber A Touch Of Bourbon Will Take Your Mulled Wine To The Next Level It's not just the wine and warming spices that make this a deliciously enjoyable beverage; enhance the flavors even further with a splash of bourbon. Read More Drink /Austin Havens-Bowen This Is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Signature Scotch Costco's Kirkland Signature Scotch is a top seller for the warehouse retailer - but the company behind the drink is one you probably haven't heard of. Read More Cook /Carmen Varner 17 Creative Ways To Use Marshmallow Fluff The soft and gooey marshmallow fluff isn't something you crack open solely for a Fluffernutter sandwich, although that is a classic way to use it. Read More Culture /Cassie Womack The History Of Tamales, One Of The World's Oldest Recipes Historians believe that people have been eating tamales for around 10,000 years. A lot has happened with the delicious dish in that time. Read More Recipes /Miriam Hahn 5-Ingredient Edamame Hummus Recipe In under 10 minutes and with only 5 ingredients, you can whip up bright, flavorful, and delicious edamame hummus to use as a dip, spread, or sandwich filling. Read More Cook /Luna Regina Gochujang Is The Unexpected Ingredient Your Chocolate Cake Needs The rise of popularity of gochujang means it's popping up in recipes all over the place, but have you ever considered trying it in a chocolate cake? You should. Read More Cook /Sylvia Tomczak The Prep Tip For Easily Cutting Roast Goose Preparing a goose is a little bit trickier than a standard chicken or turkey because of its larger size and tougher bones, but this tip will make it easier. Read More Restaurants /Matthew Spina How To Get A Free Shake Shack Sandwich After The Oscars Air This Weekend Forget debating who is going to win Best Picture, the real action is on the over/under as Shake Shack will be giving America a free and delicious prize. Read More Cook /Julia Holland Cook Down Arugula For A More Mellow Flavor Many people love the peppery fire of rocket salad, but if you prefer your greens with a little less bite, then it's time to start sauteing your arugula. Read More Cook /Madison Patterson 14 Best Kitchen Tools You Need For Cooking With Potatoes Whether you like to use a ricer for your mashed potatoes or grate your own flaky latkes, the tools you use make all the difference to cook potatoes. Read More Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy Â© 2024 Static Media® / TastingTable.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Food Republic|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Looper|Mashed|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashFilm|SlashGear|SVG|The Daily Meal|The List|Women|Wrestling Inc.