BMJ Blogs BMJ Blogs - Insights and opinion on the latest news and research BMJ Group blogs You don't need to be signed in to read BMJ Blogs, but you can register here to receive updates about other BMJ products and services via our site. BMJ Blogs Our blogs Archives of Disease in Childhood blog A peer-reviewed journal for health professionals and researchers covering conception to adolescence. Richard Lehman's weekly review of medical journals BMJ editors at large Guest bloggers Junior doctors’ blogs BMJ Case Reports blog A fully searchable resource publishing cases across all disciplines, highlighting clinically important information on common and rare conditions. BMJ Global Health blog Comment, discussion and debate on all aspects of global health across BMJ. BMJ Leader blog The official blog of BMJ Leader, offering a space for sharing leadership ideas, insights or perspectives. BMJ Open blog BMJ Open is an open access journal for general medical research. Find out more about the journal and open access here. BMJ Open Gastroenterology blog BMJ Open Gastroenterology publishes high-quality medical research from all disciplines and therapeutic areas of gastroenterology and hepatology. The monthly blog distils some key messages and topics from recent gastroenterology research BMJ Open Science blog Blogging about our preclinical research and improving the transparency, integrity, and reproducibility of research closely aligned to medicine. BMJ Quality & Safety blog A forum to highlight interesting articles and authors from BMJ Quality & Safety, as well as to encourage sharing of perspectives around broader issues of quality improvement and patient safety. BMJ Sexual & Reproductive Health blog For readers of the journal and health professionals in contraception and sexual health care. BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine blog BMJ Open Sport & Exercise Medicine covers all aspects of sport and exercise medicine and associated areas such as physical activity for chronic disease prevention. British Journal of Sports Medicine blog British Journal of Sports Medicine blogs BMJ Supportive & Palliative Care blog BMJ Group's first dedicated supportive and palliative care journal. Visit the blog for all the latest developments on this exciting new journal. Coronavirus (COVID-19) Blog This centralised hub collects coronavirus (COVID-19) blog posts from across the BMJ's blogs. BMJ Evidence-Based Medicine blog Analysis and discussion of developments in BMJ Evidence-Based Medicine. Evidence-Based Mental Health Blog Evidence-Based Mental Health aims to engage psychiatrists and psychologists, particularly younger professionals, in the challenge of basing their practice on evidence. Evidence-Based Nursing blog Analysis and discussion of developments in Evidence-Based Nursing. Frontline Gastroenterology Blog Frontline Gastroenterology aims to accelerate the adoption of best practice in the fields of gastroenterology and Hepatology; focusing on the needs of patients and the professionals caring for them. Injury Prevention blog The new blog for Injury Prevention, the journal that strives to reduce the burden of injury in all age groups across the globe. Gut blog The official blog of Gut, a leading international journal delivering up-to-date, authoritative, clinically-oriented coverage in all areas of gastroenterology and hepatology. Journal of Medical Ethics blog Analysis and discussion of developments in the medical ethics field Journal of Medical Genetics Contact blog Research developments and evidence-based medical genetics. JNNP blog JNNP encompasses the entire genre of neurological sciences, publishing the world's ground-breaking brain and mind research. Medical Humanities blog Responding to and stimulating debate about the many subjects that interest and drive the large, diverse, and intellectually hungry medical humanities community. Sexually Transmitted Infections blog Sexually Transmitted Infections blog - debating how to provide high quality sexual health care in a unified manner. Tobacco Control blog Analysis and debate of the latest tobacco control research findings and policy developments. Latest from BMJ.com Latest from BMJ Latest BMJ podcasts Latest BMJ podcasts . Contact us | Website terms & conditions | Privacy policy | Revenue sources | Home | Top © BMJ Publishing Group Limited 2024. All rights reserved.