Dolibarr Open Source ERP and CRM - Web suite for business Features Blog Community Documentation Online demo Downloads Addons Forum Download Last stable 19.0.0 Dolibarr ERP and CRM Open Source ERP & CRM for business (SMEs, Large Companies, Freelancers, Foundations) Download Test online One web suite to manage all of your business... An all-in-one suite • Enable only the features that you want: Whatever your needs are (Customer Relationship Management, Sales, Human Resources, Logistics, Stock, Invoicing, Accounting, Manufacturing, Marketing, Foundation Management, Surveys, ...), you can setup the application to match your needs... See Features • No more double entries: Integration between the features/modules is ready and "in-the-box". Users are immediately able to work with the software, even without customisation. • Upgrade at any time: The upgrades of new versions are integrated by design into the development process. So, you can upgrade Dolibarr at any time to the latest version, irrespective of which Dolibarr version you are using, and without losing any data. Thus, users always benefit from the latest features and innovations. • A customisable and extensible application: The marketplace is open to everybody and serves as a central repository for hundreds of external add-ons which enhance Dolibarr for specific needs. You can also extend and enhance the features of your application by yourself, without any coding or development effort, by using the low-code Module Builder assistant. If the Module Builder does not offer all the customisation that you need, then you can take the route of custom development to achieve your business goals. A FOSS (Free Open Source Software) model • A more competitive solution: Due to our Free Open Source Software model, several thousands of developers, testers, translators, and end users work on the Dolibarr project.That's why Dolibarr is always at the forefront of innovation. • The easiest ERP and CRM system in the market: The Open Source model allows developers and users to enhance the user interface due to the constant feedback and contributions of the Dolibarr user community. Everybody can contribute to enhance the Dolibarr application. This is an important factor that defines why Dolibarr became so user-friendly. See Community section A multi-distribution model - On-premise or in the Cloud • Install the Dolibarr application where ever you want: You can install and use Dolibarr as a local application or online on a dedicated/virtual machine. You can thus use Dolibarr from anywhere and on any device. • Available on all platforms, on-premise or as a SaaS application: Dolibarr is available in various forms: From auto-installer packages that install Dolibarr and all prerequisites with no need of any technical knowledge, or from the standard distribution working on all Operating System platforms and PHP architectures (Windows, Mac, Linux). Dolibarr is also available as a SaaS application. See Cloud offers • A rich ecosystem of partners: Because Dolibarr is Open Source software, you can rely on any Open Source company to assist you or to engage in custom development if you need it. Features CRM & Sales ... Prospects / Customers Opportunities Proposals Sale Orders Contracts / Subscriptions Help Desk / Tickets Human Reationship Management (HR) Employees Expense Reports Leave Requests Timesheets Recruitment Membership CMS, Website, POS CMS / Website Point Of Sale Product & Stock Products, Services Stocks Purchase, Approvisionning Shipments Manufacturing Finance & Billing Billing & Payments Bank reconciliation Double entry accounting Marketing Emailing Surveys Productivity Projects, Tasks Interventions Agenda Integration, Development API Connectivity with external tools Import, Export Module Builder for developers Download more plugins/addons from... Or find a partner for custom development... Latest news... February 12, 2024 Dolibarr ERP & CRM V19 has been released Details Written by anonymous Dolibarr ERP & CRM V19 has been released Read more... December 27, 2023 2023 retrospective Dolibarr Details Written by anonymous 2023 retrospective Dolibarr Read more... December 17, 2023 Dolibarr ERP CRM V18.0.4 (maintenance release for branch 18.0) is available Details Written by kasr Dolibarr ERP CRM V18.0.4 (maintenance release for branch 18.0) is available Read more... November 13, 2023 Dolibarr 19 Beta (Freeze) Details Written by Eldy Dolibarr 19 Beta (Freeze) Read more... <<< 1 2 3 4 ... >>> Community Used by millions of users worldwide, Dolibarr ERP CRM became a major integrated solution in the Open Source world.Its user and developer community is growing day and day. The foundation The Dolibarr foundation was created in 2009 to promote Dolibarr ERP CRM software. This portal is hosted and maintained by the foundation. You can find more information about the Dolibarr association on this page. Some countries has their own portal for their country/language. www.dolibarr.es www.dolibarr.de www.dolibarr.it www.dolibarr.gr Help us by Joining the foundation... Documentation Take a look at this page to find resources about documentation. Forum Some public forums are available to exchange about any topics related to installation, upgrade, or use of Dolibarr ERP CRM. Create your account and ask or answers questions on official forums. Developer tools The Development is managed by the Dolibarr Core team. You can read the wiki site to get more information about who do what. Developer documentation Sources (code) Sources (documentation) News and social networks Bugs manager Tasks manager and Roadmap Screenshots of features Resources (logos, videos, courses,...) Dolibarr ERP CRM © 2003-2023 - Open Source Software for business (Windows - MAC - Linux - Cloud) English Arab Catalan Danish Dutch Finish French Georgian German Greek Italian Japanese Macedonian Portuguese Polish Romanian Russian Swedish Swahili Turkish Ukrainian Chinese (simplified) Chinese (traditional) Legal and Privacy