Online Library of Liberty Search Titles By Category By Author By Editor By Translator Collections By Category By Time Period By Theme By Region People by Name People by Category Quotes by Author Quotes by Category Publications Liberty Matters The Reading Room By Category Community About Newsletter Contact Liberty Fund Network Liberty Fund EconLib Law & Liberty Adam Smith Works Search Welcome to the Online Library of Liberty The OLL brings books and ideas together so they can converse with each other and with you. We’ve gathered together collections of texts from historical movements and about big ideas that have changed the world to make it easier to allow our texts to “talk” to each other. KindFull Site Titles People Collections Essays and Guides Quotes Blog Posts Search the Library Explore the OLL Browse by type: TITLES COLLECTIONS PEOPLE QUOTES Featured Titles The Correspondence and Public Papers of John Jay, 4 vols. John Jay (author) A 4 volume collection of the works of John Jay. Vol.1 covers the period 1763-1781; vol. 2 1781-1782; vol. 3 1782-1793; vol. 4 1794-1826. MORE All’s Well that Ends Well William Shakespeare (author) All’s Well that Ends Well has defied categorization for centuries. The winning of a reluctant husband by an over-eager bride, and the subsequent bed-trick that secures their continued marriage are morally complicated in ways that… more MORE Encyclopedic Liberty: Political Articles in the Dictionary of Diderot and D’Alembert Denis Diderot (author) This anthology unites the most significant political writing from the compendium known as The Encyclopedia. It includes eighty-one of the most original, controversial and representative articles on political ideas, practices, and… more MORE The Economic Consequences of the Peace John Maynard Keynes (author) As part of the British delegation to the Versailles Peace Conference after WW1 Keynes had detailed knowledge of the debates about reparations which were demanded of Germany. He believed the demands on defeated Germany were too harsh… more MORE The Reading Room The OLL blog explores the fascinating, vital, and often surprising texts and people that fill our library. Come talk in our library! VISIT THE BLOG SUBSCRIBE America’s Future Doomed by Climate (circa 1778) By: Walter Donway Feb 28, 2024 In the 1770s, the greatest naturalist in the Western World, the French scientist George Louis Leclerc, comte du Buffon—echoed by many others viewed as the leading scientific authorities of the era—insisted that beyond doubt America’s natural environment was deleterious to all animal life. READ MORE Liberty Matters The OLL brings people together to debate and discuss important texts and big ideas about liberty. ARCHIVES Systemic Racism in Crime and Housing By: Ramon P. DeGennaro Feb 13, 2024 A previous set of essays explored systemic racism as a potential cause of racial disparities in education and healthcare. This set focuses on similar disparities in housing and crime. READ MORE Featured Quotes Economics Consumption is the sole end and purpose of all production; and the interest of the producer ought to be attended to, only so far as it may be necessary for promoting that of the consumer. The maxim is so perfectly self-evident, that… more Adam Smith Full Quote Food & Drink Chagrined a little that we have been hitherto able to produce nothing in this way of use to mankind; and the hot weather coming on, when the electrical experiments are not so agreeable, it is proposed to put an end to them for this… more Benjamin Franklin Full Quote Economics In the payment of the interest of the publick debt, it has been said, it is the right hand which pays the left. [52] The money does not go out of the country. It is only a part of the revenue of one set of the inhabitants which is… more Adam Smith Full Quote All People Quotes by Author Quotes by Category References and Guides Mandeville: His Life and Work Related Links: Works by Bernard de Mandevile Source: Editor's Introduction to Mandeville's The Fable of the Bees or Private Vices, Publick Benefits, 2 vols. With a Commentary Critical, Historical, and Explanatory by F.B. Kaye (Indianapolis: Liberty Fund, 1988). Vol. 1. INTRODUCTION I. LIFE… Learn More Kalidasa: Life and Works Source: Introduction to Translations of Shakuntala and Other Works, by Arthur W. Ryder (London: J.M. Dent, 1920). INTRODUCTION . KALIDASA—HIS LIFE AND WRITINGS Kalidasa probably lived in the fifth century of the Christian era. This date, approximate as it is, must yet be given with… Learn More Chronology: the Life and Times of William Penn Related Links: William Penn Collections: Political Theory Collections: Religious Toleration Source: In The Political Writings of William Penn, introduction and annotations by Andrew R. Murphy (Indianapolis: Liberty Fund, 2002). Learn More Emerson on Anti-slavery Ralph Waldo Emerson was a passionate opponent of slavery. Scattered throughout volume 11 of his collected works are essays and speeches on this topic. Here are a list of them: Address On Emancipation In the British West Indies (August 1844). Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Works of Ralph Waldo… Learn More Shakespeare: Liberty and Responsibility This is a Reading List based upon a Liberty Fund Conference on “Liberty and Sovereignty in Four Shakespearean Tragedies.” Learn More John Milton: Liberty in his Prose and Poetry This is a Reading List based upon a Liberty Fund Conference on “Liberty in the Poetry and Prose of John Milton.” Learn More Forgotten Gems Over the course of time some particularly noteworthy essays, chapters or sections of books are forgotten. This section is an attempt to revive these “forgotten gems”. Learn More An Introduction to the Major Writings of Ludwig von Mises Ludwig von Mises (1881-1973) The Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises (1881-1973) wrote widely on matters such as highly technical works on monetary theory as well as journalistic pieces designed for a broader audience. Here is an annotated list of some of his major writings which have been… Learn More Socialism: A Study Guide and Reader Introduction This Study Guide examines the long-standing clash between Socialism and Marxism, and Classical Liberalism over the past 200 years or so. It provides a brief history of the tradition, some of its main criticisms of the free market, the classical liberalresponse to these criticisms,… Learn More The Online Library of Liberty Liberty Fund, Inc. 11301 North Meridian Street Carmel, IN 46032-4564, USA oll@libertyfund.org About About the OLL Contact Us Privacy Policy Goodrich Seminar Room Publications Titles Liberty Matters The Reading Room Resources Collections Quotes Virtual Reading Groups ©Copyright 2003 – 2024 Liberty Fund, Inc. All rights reserved.