Ad Creation Platform - Design Advertisements Online - Creatopy Discover Creatopy’s vision of AI. Generate ad creatives based on your website URL. Try now 👉 🚀 Creatopy’s new Ad Studio is almost here! A faster, new design experience with major updates and AI magic ✨ Discover more Product Overview Creatopy platform enables marketers and designers to accelerate and scale-up ad production and delivery. Platform overview → Product areas Creative production Design high-impact ads and experience real creative freedom. Team workflow Manage teams, share projects and enjoy real-time communication. Creative distribution and optimization Personalize, deliver and optimize your ads for compelling campaigns. Top features Design customization Animation Brand alignment Ad sets & variants Creative optimization Dynamic ads See all features → Solutions Use cases Display ads Social media ads Video ads See more → Company type Agencies Small & medium Enterprises Industries Finance Entertainment Real Estate Travel Customer stories Brandfinity Read about Brandfinity’s challenges and goals and the solutions found in our platform. Read customer story → Resources Get started Templates Watch a demo Learning hub Help center Talk to sales Explore Blog Library Webinars Podcast Featured stories What clicks with Gen Z? Learn the best way to approach the world’s youngest consumers. Read the story → TikTok ads vs. Instagram Reels ads Find out which of the two ad types performs better! Read the story → Company About us Get to know us better Careers Join our team Press Recent press releases Contact us Have a question? Get in touch! Security & privacy Privacy and systems information Pricing Sign in Start free trial Ad Design Automation Platform Creatopy helps businesses customize, automate and scale up their ad production and delivery. Start trial See Creatopy Complete ad making solution create animate automate collaborate deliver Design custom ads effortlessly Start from a blank canvas or get inspired by the wide industry specific collection of templates. Customize motion, creative elements, HTML5 animation, workflows, and everything else you can think of. Use our ad creator to build ad designs across an extensive variety of sizes. Add motion to your visuals Create designs that will move audiences. Customize and control HTML5 animation intuitively. Add movement to your visuals with a single click. And customize the flow of individual design elements exactly as you want for powerful animated ads. Scale up your creative production Streamline your ad design process with intuitive creative versioning tools. Rapidly build product ad designs suitable for a variety of platforms and languages. Scale your content information using data feeds for quick ad variations. Resize any ad across multiple sizes with just one click, bulk edit, animate and download. Work together for enhanced efficiency Make your ad creation process more efficient by easily managing and customizing your workflow. Organize your work into projects and folders. Share your designs with your team and clients to give and receive feedback instantly. Customize your shared page for a fully personalized collaborative experience. Deliver your message seamlessly Let your message be heard on any digital channel. Serve your ads on the display networks of your choice, track performance and update live content instantly. Or, download your visuals as high-quality, optimized files in all formats suitable for digital ads. Start trial Previous Next “Creatopy helps us save time in production and project management. It saves us time exchanging and providing assets to third-party providers and helps us present and gather feedback from clients.” Michael Pilzweger - Springer Fachmedien Previous Next “Creatopy is an intuitive program. Creating different-sized display banners and rolling them out as ‘publish-ready’ has been relatively quick. The customer support is great too! Thanks for making such a great product.” Priya Harmalkar - Resolution Digital Previous Next “Creatopy lets our team take our design work to the next level by making it easy to build dynamic, social, and digital content quickly and efficiently. These tools are just what we needed to scale up the work we do in the digital space.” Jesse Godfrey - Clemson University Video Ads Improve the performance of your product ads by enhancing the customer experience with video and audio. Learn more Industry Ads Drive awareness and increase your customer base with business ads specifically designed for your target market. Learn more Social Media Ads Deliver social media content optimized for any platform. Repurpose your visuals with just a few clicks. Learn more Display Ads Design HTML5 banner ads for your networks of choice within minutes without any coding skills. Learn more Scalable for any business size Creative teams Empower your entire team with one tool. Simplify your ad making process and launch high-engagement campaigns in no time. Publish, update and track performance instantly. See more Agencies Increase your efficiency by using our scalable ad design solution for all your creative versioning needs. Manage multiple clients effortlessly with advanced collaboration functionalities. See more Enterprises Simplify your creative workflow with centralized user management options, powerful admin controls and advanced data protection. Enjoy premium tech support for seamless tool adoption. See more Why choose Creatopy Higher return on investment Enjoy a robust set of design automation features, developed with a focus on team process efficiency. Reduce creative development down to a few clicks and deliver pixel perfect ads every time. Effortless brand alignment Get all your brand elements organized in a Brand Kit and ready for use right in your workspace. Adopt a single source of truth for your brand identity and maintain consistency across all platforms. Superior workflow control Achieve top-notch control over your workflow with the advanced abilities of our ad maker. Manage the levels of access, assign roles to your teammates, and set privacy levels for shared content. Seamless adoption Simplify your ad making process by bringing everyone together in one single design tool. The short learning curve, combined with a per-seat pricing model, allows easy set-up and scaling for teams of all sizes. Express limitless creativity We'd like to understand your ad making challenges better so we can give you relevant insights on how our platform can assist you in meeting your business objectives faster. Book a demo Company About us Careers Press Security Contact Product Pricing Tools Product updates Templates gallery Elements library Support Help Community Terms of service AI user policy Privacy Cookies Management Abuse Social Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Copyright © 2024 Creatopy. All Rights Reserved. English Deutsch ✕ We’ve launched Creatopy We've just launched a new web application - Creatopy - and we're inviting you to give it a try by creating a new account. The new app doesn't replace your current Bannersnack subscription.You can find all your projects and designs in your workspace in the Bannersnack app. Discover Creatopy or Log in to Bannersnack ✕