KFF Health News Skip to content Toggle navigation Donate Donate Connect With Us: Contact Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram RSS COVID-19 Abortion Race & Health Investigations Bill Of The Month Deadly Denials Diagnosis: Debt Dying Broke Overpayment Outrage Payback: Tracking Opioid Cash Primary Care Disrupted When Medical Devices Malfunction ALL INVESTIGATIONS More Topics Aging Climate Elections Medicaid Medicare Health Care Costs Insurance Mental Health Pharma Public Health Rural Health Uninsured Podcasts What the Health Epidemic An Arm and a Leg American Diagnosis Where It Hurts Search KFF Health News Search KFF Health News (The Image Bank/Getty Images) Whistleblower Accuses Aledade, Largest US Independent Primary Care Network, of Medicare Fraud By Fred Schulte 5:00 AM EST A recently unsealed lawsuit alleges Aledade Inc. developed billing software that boosted revenues by making patients appear sicker than they were. Payback: Tracking Opioid Cash Statistical Models vs. Front-Line Workers: Who Knows Best How to Spend Opioid Settlement Cash? By Aneri Pattani 5:00 AM EST A mathematical model designed to direct spending of opioid settlement funds is at the center of a debate over whether to invest in technology to guide long-term decisions or focus on the immediate needs of people in addiction. America Worries About Health Costs — And Voters Want to Hear From Biden and Republicans By Julie Appleby and Phil Galewitz Mar 4 The presidential election is likely to turn on the simple question of whether Americans want Donald Trump back in the White House. But health care tops the list of household financial worries for adults from both parties. California Pushes to Expand the Universe of Abortion Care Providers By Laurie Udesky Mar 4 A new California law allows trained physician assistants, also called physician associates, to perform first-trimester abortions without the presence of a supervising doctor. The legislation is part of a broader effort by the state to expand access to abortion care, especially in rural areas. Some doctor groups are wary. Diagnosis: Debt With Medical Debt Burdening Millions, a Financial Regulator Steps In to Help By Noam N. Levey Mar 1 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, created after the Great Recession of 2007-09, has increasingly started policing the health care system. Journalists Examine Medicaid Unwinding, Farmworkers’ Mental Health, and the Big Opioid Payback How a Friend’s Death Turned Colorado Teens Into Anti-Overdose Activists California Hospitals, Advocates Seek Stable Funding to Retain Behavioral Health Navigators Hacking at UnitedHealth Unit Cripples a Swath of the US Health System: What to Know KFF Health News' 'What the Health?': Alabama’s IVF Ruling Still Making Waves Toxic Gas That Sterilizes Medical Devices Prompts Safety Rule Update Bathroom Bills Are Back — Broader and Stricter — In Several States California Takes Up White House Call to Toughen Gun Storage Rules Readers Call on Congress to Bolster Medicare and Fix Loopholes in Health Policy View All Top Stories Deadly Denials (Oona Tempest/KFF Health News) Woman Petitions Health Insurer After Company Approves — Then Rejects — Her Infusions By Lauren Sausser Jan 4 Even people with good insurance aren't guaranteed affordable care, as this KFF Health News follow-up to one patient’s saga shows. More from the series Feds Move to Rein In Prior Authorization, a System That Harms and Frustrates Patients Doctors and Patients Try to Shame Insurers Online to Reverse Prior Authorization Denials Cancer Patients Face Frightening Delays in Treatment Approvals Morning Briefing: Today's News Summaries Tuesday, Mar 5 2024 UPDATED 8:56 AM Appeals Court Hears Appeal Over Obamacare's Preventive Care Mandate 8:40 AM EST White House To Announce Federal Health Care Costs Task Force 8:40 AM EST HHS Urged To Step In After Hack At Change Healthcare 8:40 AM EST Opill Maker Starts Shipping First OTC Birth Control Pill In US 8:40 AM EST Nebraska's Highest Court To Hear Suits Against Abortion, Trans Care Bans 8:40 AM EST CDC Director Says Updated Covid Shots Will Come This Fall 8:40 AM EST Read All News Summaries Health 202 Why Hospitals in Many States With Legal Abortion May Refuse To Perform Them 8:51 AM EST Biden’s Got a Taker for One of His Gun Safety Proposals: California Mar 4 The Supreme Court Confronts a Public Health Challenge: Homeless Encampments Feb 28 Opposition to Medicaid Expansion Thaws in an Unexpected Place: The Deep South Feb 23 Use Our Stories For Free Original KFF Health News stories and many photos can be republished for free. Find Out How About KFF Health News KFF Health News, formerly known as Kaiser Health News (KHN), is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF — the independent source for health policy research, polling, and journalism. Check out our award-winning investigations and stories. Sign Up For Our Email Newsletter Stay informed by signing up for the Morning Briefing and other emails: Your Email Address Sign Up Special Coverage The Powerful Constraints on Medical Care in Catholic Hospitals The expansion of Catholic hospitals nationwide leaves patients at the mercy of the church’s religious directives, which are often at odds with accepted medical standards. Lawsuits Claim South Carolina Kids Underwent Unnecessary Genital Exams During Abuse Investigations Is Housing Health Care? State Medicaid programs increasingly say ‘yes’. Primary Care Disrupted Where Are the Nation’s Primary Care Providers? It’s not an easy answer. Bill of the Month This investigation by KFF Health News and NPR dissects and explains your medical bills every month. Care and Housing for Trans Women Inmates A soon-to-be-finalized legal settlement would offer transgender women in Colorado prisons new housing options. Navigating Aging Navigating Aging Do we simply not care about old people? Look Up Your Hospital Is it being penalized by Medicare? Medical Misdiagnosis Hundreds of thousands of Americans become disabled or die each year because of a diagnostic error. But some patients are at higher risk than others. Weekly Podcast KFF Health News' 'What the Health?': Alabama’s IVF Ruling Still Making Waves Feb 29 Daily Cartoon ‘What an Expression[ist]!’ By Mark Lynch Used with the permission of Mark Lynch. Cartoons are the property of their respective artists and are subject to copyright laws. Do not reproduce or redistribute this cartoon without permission of the artist. View All Cartoons More California Coverage Biden’s Got a Taker for One of His Gun Safety Proposals: California Mar 4 California Pushes to Expand the Universe of Abortion Care Providers Mar 4 California Hospitals, Advocates Seek Stable Funding to Retain Behavioral Health Navigators Mar 1 California Takes Up White House Call to Toughen Gun Storage Rules Feb 29 View More California Healthline (CHL) is a free daily news service of the California Health Care Foundation, published independently by KFF Health News. More From The Midwest Bureau Bathroom Bills Are Back — Broader and Stricter — In Several States Feb 29 Toxic Gas That Sterilizes Medical Devices Prompts Safety Rule Update Updated Originally Published Feb 29 A Government Video Would Explain When Abortion Is Legal in South Dakota Feb 27 View More More From The Mountain States How a Friend’s Death Turned Colorado Teens Into Anti-Overdose Activists Mar 1 Bathroom Bills Are Back — Broader and Stricter — In Several States Feb 29 Toxic Gas That Sterilizes Medical Devices Prompts Safety Rule Update Updated Originally Published Feb 29 View More More From The Southern Bureau Statistical Models vs. Front-Line Workers: Who Knows Best How to Spend Opioid Settlement Cash? 5:00 AM EST Bathroom Bills Are Back — Broader and Stricter — In Several States Feb 29 Hacking at UnitedHealth Unit Cripples a Swath of the US Health System: What to Know Updated Originally Published Feb 29 View More Columnists Navigating Aging Say That Again: Using Hearing Aids Can Be Frustrating for Older Adults, but Necessary By Judith Graham Asking Never Hurts New Eligibility Rules Are a Financial Salve for Nearly 2 Million on Medi-Cal By Bernard J. Wolfson HealthBent Abortion Bans Are Driving Off Doctors and Closing Clinics, Putting Basic Health Care at Risk By Julie Rovner Noticias en Español Brote de sarampión: Florida dice que niños no vacunados pueden ir a la escuela, desafiando a los CDC Feb 23 Nuevas normas de elegibilidad son un alivio financiero para casi 2 millones de personas en Medi-Cal Feb 15 Washington intenta ponerse al día con el uso de la inteligencia artificial en el sector de salud Feb 13 ¿Ofrecer vivienda gratis es atención médica? Programas de Medicaid dicen que sí Feb 12 Lea más historias Today's Haiku EASILY PREVENTED WITH A VACCINE Others watch in dread as Florida does nothing to stem measles spread - Anonymous Send Us Your Haiku Follow Us KFFHealthNews KFFHealthNews @KFFHealthNews @KFFHealthNews @KFF-HealthNews © 2024 KFF. All rights reserved. About Us Donate Contact Us Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Staff Republish Our Content Email Sign-Up Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Instagram RSS Powered by WordPress VIP × Thank you for your interest in supporting Kaiser Health News (KHN), the nation’s leading nonprofit newsroom focused on health and health policy. We distribute our journalism for free and without advertising through media partners of all sizes and in communities large and small. We appreciate all forms of engagement from our readers and listeners, and welcome your support. KHN is an editorially independent program of KFF (Kaiser Family Foundation). You can support KHN by making a contribution to KFF, a non-profit charitable organization that is not associated with Kaiser Permanente. Click the button below to go to KFF’s donation page which will provide more information and FAQs. Thank you! Go Back Continue