Home | Outright International Skip to main content Search Outright Menu Our Work Global Programs Publications United Nations Engagement Country Overviews Take Action Outright Proud Volunteer Events How to Give Corporate Engagement Shop Insights News and Commentaries Outright Podcast Pride Around the World Celebrating Legal Gender Recognition About Us Our Story Our Purpose Our Team Our Financials Donate Donate Search Outright Together, for better LGBTIQ lives. OUTRIGHT. Our Story Insights We bring in LGBTIQ news, commentaries, and announcements from movement leaders and experts from an international lens. Read the Latest Global Programs Our global programs support innovative advocacy and use our collective might to carry the voices of activists to advance equality and help end discrimination. Explore Programs Take Action We care deeply about our people and our communities. We are committed to working together to achieve better LGBTIQ lives. Donate Now Global Advocacy Outright International works with partners around the globe to strengthen the capacity of the LGBTIQ movement. We document and amplify human rights violations and advocate for inclusion and equality. Country Overviews Asia In Asia, we work in partnership with local LGBTIQ groups to stop gender-based violence and discrimination against LGBTIQ people in general and against more marginalized groups within the broader LGBTIQ spectrum. We promote acceptance of LGBTIQ people in all their sexual and gender diversity. Explore Work in Asia Pacific Our work in the Pacific aims to increase visibility of activists, respond to human rights emergencies, and actively bridge local, regional and international activism to achieve equality and justice. Explore Work in Pacific Sub-Saharan Africa Outright supports LGBTIQ organizations in Sub-Saharan Africa and works with mainstream human rights organizations to respect human rights and influence positive changes in laws, policies, attitudes, and beliefs that cause discrimination against LGBTIQ people on the continent. Explore Work in Africa Middle East and North Africa In the Middle East and North Africa, we partner with local groups in various countries as part of our international solidarity work. We also work with our local partners on different topics through capacity building, advocacy, research and holistic security. Explore Work in Middle East and North Africa Europe and Central Asia Our work in the region involves emergency responses to harassment, discrimination, violence and most recently, Russia’s brutal and expanded invasion of Ukraine. Explore Work in Europe and Central Asia Americas Outright's work in the Americas focuses primarily on the Caribbean, where activists are successfully dismantling discriminatory laws and policies. Explore Work in Americas United Nations Our work at the United Nations centers around advocating for the advancement of the rights of LGBTIQ people. Explore Work at The UN The Latest Interactive Map Celebrating Legal Gender Recognition Trans Rights • Global | Initiative Learn About the Global LGBTQI+ Inclusive Democracy and Empowerment (GLIDE) Initiative GLIDE Initiative • Global | Report The Global State of LGBTIQ Organizing: The Right to Register and the Freedom to Operate 2023 Right to Register • Global | View All Publications Support Our Work We amplify a global cause, advocate and carry the voices of activists. Take part in the growing global movement and celebrate LGBTIQ lives everywhere. Donate Now Outright International works with partners around the globe to strengthen the capacity of the LGBTIQ human rights movement, document and amplify human rights violations, and advocate for inclusion and equality. Donate How to Give Publications Legal & Financial Country Overviews Privacy Policy Careers Media Room Newsletter Connect With Us 216 E 45th Street 17th Floor New York, NY 10017, USA +1 212-430-6054 For general inquiries:hello@outrightinternational.org For media inquiries:media@outrightinternational.org © 2024 Outright International