Infoplease: An Online Encyclopedia, Almanac, Atlas, Biographies, Dictionary, and Thesaurus Browse World World Overview Atlas Countries Disasters News Flags of the World Geography International Relations Religion Statistics Structures & Buildings Travel World Rulers People People Overview Academia & Culture Arts & Entertainment Business Government Newsmakers Science Sports U.S. U.S. Overview Cities U.S. Documents Gender Issues Geography Government News Military Monuments & Landmarks Postal Information Race & Ethnicity States Statistics Arts & Entertainment Sports History History Overview Timelines World History U.S. History Black History Month Hispanic Heritage Month Women's History Month Math & Science Math & Science Overview Aviation Biology Computers & Internet Earth & Environment Health Inventions & Discoveries Mathematics Physics Space Weather Weights & Measures Calendar & Holidays Calendar & Holidays Overview Calendars Holidays Seasons, Months, Days Perpetual Calendar Business Business Overview Business Consumer Resources Currency Economy Employment & Labor Personal Finance Poverty & Income Taxes Primary Sources Primary Sources Overview Philosophy & Religion Fables & Fairy Tales Government History & Biography Poetry Speeches & Essays Books & Plays Ask the Editors View All Questions & Answers Tools Conversion Calculator Latitude & Longitude Perpetual Calendar Dictionary Thesaurus Distance Calculator Periodic Table Videos Spellcheck Atlas Atlas Tools Menu Atlas » Learn more about the world with our collection of regional and country maps. Title Maps of Europe Brush up on your geography and finally learn what countries are in Eastern Europe with our maps. Maps of Europe » Title Maps of the Middle East Not sure about the geography of the middle east? We've got you covered with our map collection. Maps of the Middle East » Encyclopedia Encyclopedia Tools Menu Encyclopedia » Need a reference? Check our encyclopedia for a gloss on thousands of topics from biographies to the table of elements. Title The Trojan War Learn more about the mythic conflict between the Argives and the Trojans. The Trojan War » Title Buddhism Learn about one of the world's oldest and most popular religions. Buddhism » Tools Conversion Calculator Latitude & Longitude Perpetual Calendar Dictionary Thesaurus Periodic Table Distance Calculator Videos Atlas Encyclopedia Quizzes Top 10s Day In History Search Random Acts of Kindness Day Random Acts of Kindness Day, celebrated on February 17th, encourages people to perform small, random acts of kindness to spread joy and positivity. These acts can range from sending a cheerful message to helping a neighbor. The Devil's Dictionary: Kindness Classical Mythology: The Kindness of Strangers Fun Facts Quiz: U.S. States Mardi Gras Mardi Gras, also known as Fat Tuesday, is a festive event celebrated with parades, masquerade balls, and indulgent food. It marks the last day of feasting before the Christian fasting period of Lent. Mardi Gras Quiz Mardi Gras Edward J. Wheeler: Night's Mardi Gras President's Day President's Day, also known as Washington's Birthday, is a federal holiday celebrated on the third Monday in February. It honors the first U.S. President, George Washington, recognizing his significant contributions to the United States. Famous Presidential Speeches Who Were the Youngest U.S. Presidents? How U.S. Presidential Elections Work President's Day President's Day, also known as Washington's Birthday, is a federal holiday celebrated on the third Monday in February. It honors the first U.S. President, George Washington, recognizing his significant contributions to the United States. Famous Presidential Speeches Who Were the Youngest U.S. Presidents? How U.S. Presidential Elections Work Quizzes Want to test your knowledge? Show what you know with our quizzes on interesting topics from science to pop culture. See all Pop Culture NBA Logos Quiz Pop Culture Investigating Ghosts Animals What Do You Know About Emperor Penguins? Geography European Geography Quiz History U.S. History Timeline Quiz MOST RECENT QUIZZES Discovering Alternate Reality Games (ARGs) Top Secret: The SCP Foundation Guess These European Capitals Archaeology Around the World Guess These Animal Ears The Daily IQA daily dose of fun facts, brain exercises, and news for smart people. See more This Day in History This Day in History Hello, Dolly! Scottish scientists announced the successful cloning of a sheep, Dolly. Check out more anniversaries Weather of the Day Weather of the Day Deadliest Florida tornadoes On this date in 1998, 42 people were killed when severe thunderstorms and seven tornadoes… Learn More Birthday of the Day Birthday of the Day George Frideric Handel Born in Halle, Germany. Handel was one of the greatest masters of baroque music, most… Learn more Word of the Day inimical Word of the Day inimical Charlotte found Aunt Mary inimical— Guess See synonyms Analogy of the Day Analogy of the Day Test your analogy IQ toe : foot :: eraser : ____ Guess Today's Analogy News of the World News of the World Illinois mass shooting suspect dies in Texas - police Romeo Nance is believed to have fatally shot himself following a confrontation with… More news of the day 2024 Current Events TrendingHere are the facts and trivia that people are buzzing about. Chinese New Year History, Meaning, and Celebrations One of the World's Biggest Celebrations Learn More » Current Events This Week: February 2024Top of Page World News | U.S.Learn More » Valentine's Day A worldwide celebration of love Have you ever wondered how Valentine's Day became a holiday, who Saint Valentine is, or how Necco comes up with the phrases for their candy hearts? We did, too!Learn More » Valentine's Day History Pagan festivals, Christian saints, Chaucer's love birds, and the Greeting Card Association of America Learn More » Mardi GrasThe feast before the fast Millions of people every year crowd New Orleans to view the Mardi Gras parades.Learn More » 30 "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" QuotesTop of Page Learn More » Encouraging curious minds for nearly a century. Infoplease knows the value of having sources you can trust. Infoplease is a reference and learning site, combining the contents of an encyclopedia, a dictionary, an atlas and several almanacs loaded with facts. Our editors update and regularly refine this enormous body of information to bring you reliable information. Advertise on this site. Footer About Us Editorial Policy Advertise with Infoplease Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Citing Infoplease Do Not Sell My Info (for CA Residents) Our Sources Infoplease Jobs Infoplease is part of the Sandbox Learning family of educational and reference sites for parents, teachers and students. ©2022 Sandbox Networks Inc. All rights reserved. Sandbox Learning is part of Sandbox & Co., a digital learning company.