Gephi - The Open Graph Viz Platform Home Features Learn Develop Plugins Download | Blog | Wiki | Ask a question | Support | Bug tracker The Open Graph Viz Platform Gephi is the leading visualization and exploration software for all kinds of graphs and networks. Gephi is open-source and free. Runs on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux. Learn More on Gephi Platform » Release Notes | System Requirements Features Screenshots Quick start Videos Support us! We are non-profit. Help us to innovate and empower the community by donating only 8€: Applications Exploratory Data Analysis: intuition-oriented analysis by networks manipulations in real time. Link Analysis: revealing the underlying structures of associations between objects. Social Network Analysis: easy creation of social data connectors to map community organizations and small-world networks. Biological Network analysis: representing patterns of biological data. Poster creation: scientific work promotion with hi-quality printable maps. Learn More » Metrics ready Centrality: used in sociology to indicate how well a node is connected. Available: degree (power-law), betweenness, closeness. And more: density, path length, diameter, HITS, modularity, clustering coefficient. Learn More » Technology Ergonomic interface: no programming skills needed High-performance: built-in rendering engine. Native file formats: GDF (GUESS), GraphML (NodeXL), GML, NET (Pajek), GEXF and more. Customizable by plugins: layouts, metrics, data sources, manipulation tools, rendering presets and more. Learn More » Like Photoshop™ for graphs. — the Community Latest News Gephi 0.10.0 released Gephi Lite Gephi Week 2022: debriefing Call for participants: Gephi code sustainability retreat 2022 Transition to semantic versioning See All » Tweets by @Gephi Papers Bastian M., Heymann S., Jacomy M. (2009). Gephi: an open source software for exploring and manipulating networks. International AAAI Conference on Weblogs and Social Media. From AAAI [PDF]. Learn More » Gephi 0.10.1 is here! The latest Gephi version just got released, let us know what you think on Twitter or Facebook. Learn More » Gephi.org © All Rights Reserved 2008-2022 home legal about spread! press