Department of Conservation Skip to content Department of Conservation | Te Papa Atawhai https://www.doc.govt.nz/ Navigation Menu Parks & recreation Parks & recreation submenu Places to go Things to do Places to stay Know before you go DOC maps: Discover the outdoors My saved list Popular Walking & tramping Stay at a campsite Great Walks Land Safety Code Hunting Dogs on conservation land Visitor centres Stay in a hut Nature Nature submenu Native animals Native plants Pests & threats Habitats Biodiversity Conservation status Identify a species Popular Birds A - Z Kiwi Predator Free 2050 1080 biodegradable bait pellets Kauri disease Get involved Get involved submenu Teaching resources for learning in nature Training Volunteer Have your say Run a project Permissions Funding Your business can help nature Popular Conservation activities for children Online courses Have your say Volunteer Conservation Week Drone use on conservation land Your business can help nature Our work Our work submenu Heritage Jobs for Nature – Mahi mō te Taiao Managing threats to nature Maps and data Marine reserves for the southeast of the South Island Monitoring Places with projects Research and development Species programmes Sustainable visitor management for Tongariro Popular National Predator Control Programme Kākāpō Recovery Māori sites Icon heritage sites Takahē Recovery Programme Lead the way Bird banding Careers News & events About us Contact Navigation Menu Search Nau mai haere mai, welcome! This is where your profile lives, as well as your saved items such as 'places that you want to go'. OK, got it Wishlist Sign out Rainbow Reach swing bridge at the start of the Kepler Track Image: Jaime Apolonio | Creative Commons Haere mai Online bookings Walking Know before you go Huts Camping Hunting Fishing Jobs for Nature PF2050 Permissions Heritage Publications Maps Royal Cam Pike29 Memorial Track This track has been dedicated to the 29 men killed in the Pike Mine disaster and is named in their honour. Blog 01 March 2024 Preventing and responding to wildfires: what you can do. More fires mean more chance of people being caught in them. If you are camping, tramping or biking over the summer period (especially in areas with high fire danger), it’s important to be aware of what to do in a wildfire and how to protect yourself. More Featured Lighting fires on public conservation land Find out when and where you can light fires at huts, campsites and in the backcountry on public conservation land. Know before you go Be prepared for all conditions on your trip as weather can change suddenly. Pets on conservation land You are not allowed to take a pet into conservation land without DOC permission. This includes national parks, wildlife areas and reserves. West Coast Seaweek photo competition Calling all West Coast residents! In support of Seaweek 2024, kaupapa moana, submit a photo showing how you celebrate sea creatures of Aotearoa. More Media releases Thames coast dolphin information aids species understanding Analysis of a tissue sample taken from a Hector’s dolphin spotted off the coast of Thames-Coromandel has aided understanding of the species and confirmed where the animals came from. 26-year-old bat could be New Zealand’s oldest New Zealand’s oldest known long-tailed bat/pekapeka – at 26 years – was recorded this summer as part of a DOC monitoring programme in Fiordland. Work on Cathedral Cove a priority Conservation Minister Tama Potaka has made the reinstatement of the walking access to Coromandel’s Cathedral Cove/Te Whanganui-a-Hei before next summer a priority. Dates confirmed for annual Pureora Hunting Competition DOC's annual Pureora Hunting Competition opens on 16 March and will run through until the prizegiving at the DOC Pureora Field Base on 28 April. More Subscribe to What's Up DOC? Do not complete: Name: Email Facebook Twitter Conservation Blog Instagram Youtube Other channels Careers News & events About us Contact New Zealand Government Copyright About this site Privacy & security OIA requests Back to top