The Web Standards Project The Web Standards Project The Web Standards Project is a grassroots coalition fighting for standards which ensure simple, affordable access to web technologies for all. Skip to content Search Search WaSP About Learn Action Buzz Press Current WaSP Projects InterAct: Web Standards CurriculumInterAct is a living, open curriculum based upon web standards and best practices, designed to teach students the skills of the web professional.InterAct Learning TracksThe InterAct curriculum framework has 6 learning tracks. Adapt and reuse our resources. Contribute your own content and ideas. Small Business Outreach WaSP's Small Business Outreach Committee seeks to broaden the reach of web standards by informing small businesses about best practices in commissioning and building websites. Small Business Update A while back I announced WaSP’s new small business outreach effort and, thanks to your help, we’ve been making great progress. By Aaron Gustafson | August 5th, 2010 Education TF The Education Task Force works with educational institutions to promote instruction of Web standards and standards-compliant public sites. Web Design Course Materials Licensed to W3C As professional web builders we know that the web is constantly changing and our methods and practices must respond and adapt as well. There are so many new disciplines web professionals need to be know about, if not specizlized ... By Christopher Schmitt | February 8th, 2012 International Liaison Group The International Liaison Group is an international collective of web professionals promoting the global use of standards to ensure an equitable Web. InterAct translations and localizations Work is well and truly underway to get WaSP InterAct translated into multiple languages. With an army of over thirty volunteers working in eighteen languages we hope to get localized versions of the Curriculum into schools colleges and universities near you soon. By Henny Swan | May 11th, 2009 The Web Standards Project is a grassroots coalition fighting for standards which ensure simple, affordable access to web technologies for all. Recent Buzz Our Work Here is Done By Aaron Gustafson | March 1st, 2013 Thanks to the hard work of countless WaSP members and supporters (like you), Tim Berners-Lee’s vision of the web as an open, accessible, and universal community is largely the reality. When The Web Standards Project (WaSP) formed in 1998, the web was the battleground in an ever-escalating war between two browser makers—Netscape and Microsoft—who were each taking turns “advancing” HTML to the point of collapse. You see, in an effort to one-up each other, the two browsers introduced new elements and new ways of manipulating web documents; this escalated to the point where their respective 4.0 versions were largely incompatible. Realizing that this fragmentation would inevitably drive up the cost of building websites and ran the risk of denying users access to content and services they needed, Glenn Davis, George Olsen, and Jeffrey Zeldman co-founded WaSP and rallied an amazing group of web designers and developers to help them push back. The WaSP’s primary goal was getting browser makers to support the standards set forth by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). In 2001, with the browser wars largely over, WaSP began to shift its focus. While some members continued to work with browser vendors on improving their standards support, others began working closely with software makers like Macromedia to improve the quality of code being authored in tools such as Dreamweaver. And others began the hard slog of educating web designers and developers about the importance of using web standards, culminating in the creation of WaSP InterAct, a web curriculum framework which is now overseen by the W3C. Thanks to the hard work of countless WaSP members and supporters (like you), Tim Berners-Lee’s vision of the web as an open, accessible, and universal community is largely the reality. While there is still work to be done, the sting of the WaSP is no longer necessary. And so it is time for us to close down The Web Standards Project. Many (if not all) of us are continuing to work in the world of web standards, but our work is now largely outside the umbrella of WaSP. If you are interested in continuing to work on web standards-related projects along with us, we humbly suggest you follow these projects: A List Apart – The magazine “for people who make websites” is run by WaSP founder Jeffrey Zeldman and is a consistent source of forward-thinking articles and tutorials. HTML5 Doctor – A solid resource and discussion forum on all things HTML5, brought to you by Bruce Lawson and his team. W3C Community Groups – If you have a passion for a specific web technology, you can help make it better by participating in one (or more) community groups. In particular, you might be interested in one of these: Core Mobile Web Platform, Responsive Images, Web Education, and Web Media Text Tracks. WebPlatform.org – A fantastic web standards resource, providing up-to-date documentation, Q&As, tutorials & more. Chris Mills, Doug Schepers, and a number of other standards advocates are involved in this project. Web Standards Sherpa – An educational resource founded by WaSP which continues to operate under the leadership of Chris Casciano, Virginia DeBolt, Aaron Gustafson, and Emily Lewis. Web Standards + Small Business – An outreach project started by WaSP that educates small businesses about why they should care about web standards. This project is overseen by Aaron Gustafson. The job’s not over, but instead of being the work of a small activist group, it’s a job for tens of thousands of developers who care about ensuring that the web remains a free, open, interoperable, and accessible competitor to native apps and closed eco-systems. It’s your job now, and we look forward to working with you, and wish you much success. Nota bene: In the near future, we will be making a permanent, static archive of webstandards.org and some of our other resources like WaSP Interact to preserve them as a resource and to provide a record of our 15-year mission to improve the web. Bruce Lawson and Steph Troeth contributed to this post. Filed in WaSP Announcement | Comments (89) More Buzz articles Title Author Call for action on Vendor Prefixes Rachel Andrew An End to Aging IE Installs Aaron Gustafson Beyond the Blue Beanie? Stephanie (Sullivan) Rewis The Sherpas are Here Aaron Gustafson Back to Top All of the entries posted in WaSP Buzz express the opinions of their individual authors. They do not necessarily reflect the plans or positions of the Web Standards Project as a group. This site is valid XHTML 1.0 Strict, CSS | Get Buzz via RSS or Atom | Colophon | Legal