The National Space Centre: Exploring Space Skip navigation Open today: 10:00 - 16:00 News Donate Contact Us FAQs Shopping basket Show search form Plan your Visit Before you Visit Opening Times How to Find Us Ticket Prices Free Annual Pass Upgrade Facilities and Access Groups Gift Vouchers At the Centre The Shop Boosters Café Close menu Explore the Centre Explore the Centre All included in your admission ticket Sir Patrick Moore Planetarium Tetrastar Spaceport Rocket Tower Galleries and Exhibitions Collections Close menu What's on Venue Hire Schools News Donate Contact Us FAQs Book Tickets Toggle menu Search for... Search Hide search form Sponsor a Footstep and Support the Charity (1078832) Previous Next Your Journey Starts Here Space for Everyone The UK's largest planetarium Hands-on Science and Interactive Fun PAY ONCE, VISIT ALL YEAR! Book online to save money, guarantee entry AND automatically upgrade to a Free Annual Pass Book Now See What's On Space for Everyone Explore our interactive galleries, get hands on with science busking, discover the past, present, and future of space exploration, and even blast off on a journey into low Earth orbit (subject to availability). UK's Largest Planetarium The National Space Centre is home to the Sir Patrick Moore Planetarium, the UK's largest fulldome planetarium. Included in your first visit is an award-winning show from our library (pick the one that suits you when you book online). Our Shows Opening Times Open today: 10:00 - 16:00 How to find us You'll find us just two miles north of Leicester City Centre Tickets & Passes Book online and get a free annual pass What's on Full events listing Credit: LEGO/WARNER BROS Film Club - The LEGO Movie (U) 9th Mar 2024 17:00 - 19:15 Finish your LEGO® weekend with a 10th anniversary screening of The LEGO Movie in the UK's largest planetarium. Read more Image: Universal Pictures Film Club - Dune (15) 9th Mar 2024 19:30 - 22:00 Sit back and enjoy the 40th anniversary screening of the iconic David Lynch space opera. Read more Brickish Weekend 9th - 10th Mar 2024 10:00 - 17:00 The National Space Centre is joining forces with Fairy Bricks and the Brickish Association to host a celebration of all things LEGO. Read more Sir Patrick Moore Planetarium Included in your first visit is an award-winning planetarium show. Find out more Rocket Tower As you approach the National Space Centre from any route into the City you will catch glimpses of the 42 metre high Rocket Tower. Read more Free Annual Pass Upgrade Buy your tickets online and automatically upgrade to a free annual pass. You will be given full details upon arrival. Please consider adding Giftaid during the ticketing process, it costs no extra and the charity can claim the VAT back to support our education, outreach and curatorial mission. Book Tickets @spacecentre on Instagram Our Instagram page Rated 5 out of 5 What a fantastic day out. We spent 6 hours there and did not see everything. The planetarium is a must do and the kids and adults will enjoy the lecture on how rockets work (bangs and flashes) David Peace Review from Google reviews Rated 5 out of 5 Really like this place with the kids, we got a family ticket in Jan and you get to upgrade free to an annual pass so we’ve been loads, it’s good for all ages, my 3 year old and I go the most. Chad Tolley Review from Google reviews Rated 5 out of 5 Brilliant place, lots to do for all age. Admission price was good too and it automatically changed into annual membership for free! Kristyna Rose Review from Google reviews Rated 5 out of 5 We attended today with our 6 year old son! We thought it was absolutely brilliant! Victoria S Review from Tripadvisor Rated 5 out of 5 Visited with my husband and 2 boys age 4 and 6. We had the most amazing time from beginning to end! Highly recommend and cannot wait to go back! Jen Wren Review from Tripadvisor Previous testimonial Next testimonial Find Out First Sign up to receive our monthly newsletter, with space news, latest tour of the night sky information, event details and important stories from the National Space Centre. You can unsubscribe at any time and we NEVER share your details with others. First name Last name First name I would like to receive the monthly newsletter from the National Space Centre. Register for news The National Space Centre, Exploration Drive, SPACE CITY, Leicester LE4 5NS Tel: (0)116 261 0261 Email: [email protected] About Jobs Press Contact Us Terms and Conditions of Sale Privacy Policy EDI Policy Modern Slavery Statement Ethics Policy Other NSC Sites Venue Hire Education NSC Creative National Space Academy NSC Charity Donate and Support Ethos and Values Sponsor a Footstep The National Space Centre on Facebook The National Space Centre on Twitter The National Space Centre on https://www.instagram.com/spacecentre/ The National Space Centre on https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYsrChtQMAD9VpK42e3-Ttg © Copyright 2024 National Space Centre. Site design by Semantic Ltd.