Michigan Technological University Skip to page content Skip to footer navigation Menu Students Faculty/​Staff Alumni Parents Industry Tech Links A to Z Banweb Campus Map Canvas Email MyMichiganTech Safety Data Sheets Website Settings Search Clear Search Input Search Category Michigan Tech Programs Directory Go Open Search Give Apply Undergraduate Admissions Majors, Minors, and More Life at Tech Cost and Financial Aid Visit Campus Request Information Admitted Students Apply to Michigan Tech Graduate Admissions Prospective Students On-Campus Degrees and Certificates Online Degrees and Certificates Financial Information Request Information Admitted Students Apply to Michigan Tech Academics Majors, Degrees, and Programs Colleges and Departments Accreditation Pavlis Honors College Library Career Services Enterprise Program Campus Life Athletics Arts and Entertainment Fitness and Recreation Housing and Dining Student Leadership and Involvement Student Mental Health and Well-being Webcams Research Research Areas Current Research Projects Centers and Institutes Research Integrity Research Magazine Undergraduate Research About University Facts and Figures History Traditions Michigan Tech Magazine Diversity and Inclusion President's Council Strategic Plan Search Clear Search Input Search Category Michigan Tech Programs Directory Search Give Apply Undergraduate Admissions Majors, Minors, and More Life at Tech Cost and Financial Aid Visit Campus Request Information Admitted Students Apply to Michigan Tech Graduate Admissions Prospective Students On-Campus Degrees and Certificates Online Degrees and Certificates Financial Information Request Information Admitted Students Apply to Michigan Tech Academics Majors, Degrees, and Programs Colleges and Departments Accreditation Pavlis Honors College Library Career Services Enterprise Program Campus Life Athletics Arts and Entertainment Fitness and Recreation Housing and Dining Student Leadership and Involvement Student Mental Health and Well-being Webcams Research Research Areas Current Research Projects Centers and Institutes Research Integrity Research Magazine Undergraduate Research About University Facts and Figures History Traditions Michigan Tech Magazine Diversity and Inclusion President's Council Strategic Plan Info For . . . Students Faculty/Staff Alumni Parents Industry Tech Links A to Z Banweb Campus Map Canvas Email MyMichiganTech Safety Data Sheets Website Settings Michigan Technological University Summer Discoveries Start Here View Archive Summer Discoveries Start Here Michigan Tech Summer Youth Programs provide a camp-like experience in a college setting for students in grades six to 11. Kids get hands-on experience with aerospace engineering, semiconductor fabrication, rail transportation, the wild world of chemistry, and more. Courses are filling fast, so consult the catalog and sign up today.✕ Michigan Technological University is a flagship public research university founded in 1885. Our campus in Michigan's Upper Peninsula overlooks the Keweenaw Waterway and is just a few miles from Lake Superior. Degrees for What Tomorrow Needs Find what makes you tick. Work hard. Change the world. With more than 125 degree programs to choose from, you’ll be sure to find an academic home at Michigan Tech that suits your unique passions and strengths. Browse by Degree Level: Bachelor's Master's Doctorate Pay My Deposit Request Information Schedule a Visit Apply Now Academics Colleges and DeptsAccreditation Undergraduate Admissions Learn More Graduate School Learn More Michigan Tech Global Campus Learn More Pavlis Honors College Learn More Virtual Tours Explore Student Life Learn More The Tech Difference ROICost and Financial Aid Top 25 in the nation for return on investment (Forbes) Top 20 Best Public College in the US (Wall Street Journal) $71K+ median early career pay 7,000+ enrolled students from 55+ countries Come Home to Houghton Our beautiful waterfront campus in Michigan's Upper Peninsula is situated just miles from Lake Superior. Find yourself in a close-knit college town where winters are epic and outdoor adventure awaits. At Tech, we embrace our size, climate, sense of adventure, and originality. Visit us in Houghton and find where you belong. Schedule Your Visit Virtual Tours Campus and Beyond Michigan Technological University is located in Houghton, Michigan. Our campus in Houghton is the perfect blend of technology and natural beauty. At Michigan Tech, outdoor adventure comes with the territory (in any season). Huskies ski and snowboard for free at Mont Ripley, our very own hill that overlooks campus. Houghton, its sister city Hancock, and the surrounding towns is home to approximately 15,000 year-round residents. Lake Superior is all around you here in the Keweenaw Peninsula. With more than 200 inches of annual snowfall, Houghton is one of the snowiest cities in the US. Schedule a campus tour and experience Michigan Tech for yourself. Summer Youth Programs Summer Youth Programs (SYP) is a fantastic, camp-like, mini-college experience that packs a ton of hands-on learning, experimenting, and fun into each day. Every summer, nearly 1,000 students from around the world in grades six to 11 come to campus for week-long explorations in science and technology, engineering, computing, business, and humanities. Join us this summer to spark curiosity, explore interests, and forge lasting friendships. SYP Registration East Hall Construction At Michigan's flagship technological university, we're preparing for tomorrow. The East Hall, a new 516-student residence, accommodates Tech's growing student body with easy access to campus and the Keweenaw Waterway. The project is planned to be completed and the building occupied by Fall 2025. Construction Webcam Learn More Latest News and Stories All NewsHusky NationMagazines Featured Events All Events Stay Connected Social Media Subscribe here and we'll email you the latest Michigan Tech News and featured campus events each month. Email Sign Up Tomorrow needs Michigan Tech.Tomorrow needs you. Take the next step and join Husky nation. Request Info Schedule a Visit Apply Now Request Information Schedule a Visit Give Apply Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Global Campus Request Information Schedule a Visit Apply Virtual Tours Study and Live Degrees / Majors Colleges and Departments Library Events Calendar Arts and Entertainment Fitness and Recreation Campus and Beyond Campus Info About Michigan Tech Accreditation Athletics Campus Map Campus Directory Jobs at Michigan Tech Webcams Policies and Safety Campus Safety Information Emergency Contact Information Report a Concern Public Safety / Police Services Student Disclosures Title IX University Policies Michigan Technological University 1400 Townsend Drive, Houghton, Michigan 49931-1295 906-487-1885 888-688-1885 mtu4u@mtu.edu Michigan Technological University facebook twitter instagram linkedin youtube flickr tiktok pinterest snapchat Accessibility Equal Opportunity Webmaster Tomorrow Needs Michigan Tech © 2024 Michigan Technological University