Breaking News | Top Local Stories | CityNews Toronto Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies (why?) You can change cookie preferences. Continued site use signifies consent. Toronto Calgary Edmonton Halifax Kitchener Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg About About Us Our Team Brand Studio Where to Find Us Careers & Internships Contact Contact Us Submit a News Tip Speakers Corner Athlete of the Week Advertise With Us Newsletters News Insiders Watch Live Listen Live News All Local Canada World Business Sports Entertainment Life Watch All Livestream Latest Videos YouTube Listen All Listen Live Latest Headlines Latest Traffic Report Latest Sports Update Latest Business Report All Shows Weather Traffic Gas Prices Contests & Events All Contests Events CityNews Wine Club General Contest Rules Toronto AllToronto Calgary Edmonton Halifax Kitchener Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg About All About Us Our Team Brand Studio Where to Find Us Careers & Internships Contact All Contact Us Submit a News Tip Speakers Corner Athlete of the Week Advertise With Us Newsletters News Insiders Watch Live Listen Live Police looking to identify ‘intentionally dismembered’ victim found in Lake Ontario Toronto police say scattered human remains found in Lake Ontario last year were part of the same dismembered body and are asking for the public’s help identifying the victim. The investigation began… breaking 0m ago Facebook and Instagram experiencing outage Social media sites Facebook and Instagram, owned by tech giant Meta, are experiencing an outage. Some users reported being automatically logged out from Facebook and two-factor authentication to log… 4m ago One student airlifted to hospital after bus crash near Woodstock Ontario Provincial Police West Region are investigating a serious crash near Woodstock involving a school bus that rolled over. It happened Tuesday morning shortly after 8 a.m., near Dodge Line and… 1h ago Toronto Mostly Cloudy 14° C Latest Traffic Report Live Radio Connect with CityNews Livestream Watch Live 16-year-old boy, 14-year-old girl dead after being struck by UP Express train Two teenagers are dead after they were struck by a UP Express train in Toronto’s west end on Monday evening. Emergency crews were called to the tracks west of Bloor GO station, near Eglinton Avenue… updated 43m ago Ontario reaches tentative agreement with Catholic school teachers The Ontario government has reached a tentative agreement with the Ontario English Catholic Teachers’ Association (OECTA). The union that represents 4,500 teachers said the agreement was made after more… 50m ago State funeral for Brian Mulroney to be held on March 23 A state funeral for former prime minister Brian Mulroney will be held in Montreal on Saturday, March 23. Mulroney, Canada’s 18th prime minister, died at a hospital in Florida on Feb. 29 after a recent… 37m ago Toronto Mostly Cloudy 14° C Latest Traffic Report Live Radio Connect with CityNews Livestream Watch Live Facebook and Instagram experiencing outage Social media sites Facebook and Instagram, owned by tech giant Meta, are experiencing an outage. Some users reported being automatically logged out from Facebook and two-factor authentication to log… 4m ago One student airlifted to hospital after bus crash near Woodstock Ontario Provincial Police West Region are investigating a serious crash near Woodstock involving a school bus that rolled over. It happened Tuesday morning shortly after 8 a.m., near Dodge Line and… 1h ago 16-year-old boy, 14-year-old girl dead after being struck by UP Express train Two teenagers are dead after they were struck by a UP Express train in Toronto’s west end on Monday evening. Emergency crews were called to the tracks west of Bloor GO station, near Eglinton Avenue… updated 43m ago Ontario reaches tentative agreement with Catholic school teachers The Ontario government has reached a tentative agreement with the Ontario English Catholic Teachers’ Association (OECTA). The union that represents 4,500 teachers said the agreement was made after more… 50m ago State funeral for Brian Mulroney to be held on March 23 A state funeral for former prime minister Brian Mulroney will be held in Montreal on Saturday, March 23. Mulroney, Canada’s 18th prime minister, died at a hospital in Florida on Feb. 29 after a recent… 37m ago Toronto Mostly Cloudy 14° C Latest Traffic Report Live Radio Connect with CityNews Livestream Watch Live Latest Videos 1:09 Jamil Jivani wins Durham byelection Jamil Jivani is heading to Ottawa to represent Durham region in the House of Commons. Melissa Nakhavoly reports. 12h ago 3:19 Advocates call for more ‘cluster-care’ units to support Ontario seniors, health facilities As Ontario continues to deal with soaring demands at hospitals and large waitlists for long-term care facilities, advocates say more consideration should be given to investing in ‘cluster care.’ Nick Westoll reports. 16h ago 2:33 Maple Leafs and Raptors injury updates Lindsay Dunn with an update on Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Ilya Lyubushkin, Toronto Raptors’ Scottie Barnes and Jakob Poeltl, and the surprise Raptors gave to some of their youngest fans. 15h ago 2:40 Mild temperatures continue in Toronto with rain on the way The mild temperatures and double-digit daytime highs will persist in Toronto on Tuesday, but rain is on the way. Here is what to expect with the extended forecast. 16h ago 2:36 NDP urges Ford government to make 407 toll-free for trucks The Ontario NDP is urging the Ford government to make the 407 toll-free for commercial trucks, arguing it will relieve congestion for commuters in Toronto and the GTA. Tina Yazdani speaks exclusively with the transportation minister. 16h ago More Videos Be the First to Know The news that matters to you. Get the latest headlines sent directly to your inbox twice a day. Sign Up Now More Headlines Just for Laughs cancels this year’s comedy festival, seeks creditor protection The Just for Laughs comedy festival will not take place this summer, as the company that operates it seeks to avoid bankruptcy. Groupe Juste pour rire Inc. says it is seeking protection from its creditors… breaking 40m ago Driver found sleeping on Toronto highway blew more than 4 times legal limit: OPP A man is facing charges for impaired driving after he was allegedly found passed out behind the wheel on a Toronto highway on Monday evening. Ontario Provincial Police officers were called to the northbound… 5h ago Toronto home sales up in February from last year as consumers eye rate cuts: TRREB Greater Toronto home sales and listings were up in February from last year, but adjusted sales were down from a month earlier, the region’s real estate board said Tuesday. Sales were up 17.9 per cent… 4h ago Teen among 2 armed suspects arrested in Peel Region after alleged North York carjacking A 17-year-old boy and a 21-year-old man are facing charges after being tracked down by police in Mississauga following an armed carjacking in North York over the weekend. Around 1:30 a.m. on March 3,… 2h ago Princess of Wales to appear in June for royal ceremony, first confirmed official duty since surgery British officials said Tuesday that Kate, the Princess of Wales, will attend a Trooping the Color ceremony in June. It is her first confirmed major official duty since the royal underwent abdominal surgery. Kate,… 2h ago How to claim home office expenses on your 2023 tax return If you work from home or follow a hybrid model and divide your time between your home and workplace, there are some changes in the way you can claim home office expenses this year. Previously, remote… 14h ago Conservatives candidate Jamil Jivani clinches seat in Durham riding Conservative candidate Jamil Jivani celebrated his victory in the Ontario riding of Durham by thanking his allies and pouncing on his “Liberal elite” rivals, who he says are making life harder and more… 11h ago Larry Tanenbaum proposing bid to bring WNBA team to Toronto: report Billionaire Larry Tanenbaum has proposed a bid to bring a WNBA franchise to the city of Toronto through his holding company, the Kilmer Group, CBC’s Shireen Ahmed reported Monday. Tanenbaum is the minority… 13h ago Is ultralow-cost air travel doomed to fail in Canada? In today’s The Big Story podcast, ultralow-cost airline Lynx Air abruptly announced it was shutting down just ahead of busy March Break travel. Customers were left scrambling to make new – and likely… The Big Story 4h ago Trending Now One student airlifted to hospital after bus crash near Woodstock Police looking to identify 'intentionally dismembered' victim found in Lake Ontario 2 teens dead after being struck by UP Express train in Toronto How to claim home office expenses on your 2023 tax return Facebook and Instagram experiencing outage We have a new app! The newly redesigned CityNews app is now available. Featuring personalization, alerts, bookmarks and more. Try it today, and always be in the know. Check it out CityNews Originals Your Community Ontario family finds home for autistic son after 16 months in hospital as countless others wait for care A family pushed to despair after their autistic son was placed in a psychiatric ward because there was nowhere else for him to go have finally found their answer. Michelle and Sean Crooks have 24-year-old… New documentary to air on deadly, illegal cosmetic clinic in Vaughan On a cold April morning in 2017, 23-year-old Chanel Stebens entered a Vaughan home to receive a cosmetic butt injection from Anna Yakubovsky-Rositsan, a registered nurse who investigators say was operating… 5 teens charged in York Region high school brawl, days after students warned administration of threats Students at a York Region high school say administrators failed to protect them after they reported receiving threats weeks and hours before a hallway brawl. Five teenagers have since been charged… Deaf community to Elon Musk: Subtitles are not the same as sign language A recent post by Elon Musk, CEO of X, formerly Twitter, provoked both anger and exasperation from members of the deaf community. The post was in response to a video that had subtitles as well as an… CityNews Explains How to claim home office expenses on your 2023 tax return If you work from home or follow a hybrid model and divide your time between your home and workplace, there are some changes in the way you can claim home office expenses this year. Previously, remote… 14h ago How warmer winter weather is impacting the environment in the Greater Toronto Area Toronto Pearson airport weather records show a sharp decrease in snowfall compared to the average. There have above-normal temperatures too. TTC implements 14 slow-speed zones across subway Lines 1, 2 due to track issues TTC staff put the orders in place on Wednesday after several areas of track were determined to require repairs. Everything you never wanted to know about bed bugs In today’s The Big Story podcast, just 20 years ago, Canadian cities were seeing a few dozen bed bug infestation reports a year. Now they get thousands — and in Toronto, tens of thousands. In Canada… One Tech Tip: Don’t use rice for your device. Here’s how to dry out your smartphone LONDON (AP) — You were walking next to a swimming pool when you slipped and dropped your phone into the water. Or it slipped out of your hand when you were next to a filled bathtub or toilet. … CityNews Wine Club With the CityNews Wine Club, receive 3 unique wines that are guaranteed to impress every month. This month’s featured winery is Domaine Queylus. Receive a signature chardonnay, pinot noir, and cabernet franc-merlot blend. JOIN NOW In case you missed it Is ultralow-cost air travel doomed to fail in Canada? In today’s The Big Story podcast, ultralow-cost airline Lynx Air abruptly announced it was shutting down just ahead of busy March Break travel. Customers were left scrambling to make new – and likely… The Big Story 4h ago Could ‘cluster care’ help reduce hospital, long-term care wait times in Ontario? Staff with WoodGreen, a Toronto charitable organization, say they’d like to see the geared-to-income ‘cluster care’ model expanded in Ontario. 14h ago Man arrested for sexual assault near Toronto Metropolitan University A man was arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting a woman as she was walking to class outside of Toronto Metropolitan University (TMU) this weekend, police said. Investigators were called to the… 14h ago Bruins overpower Maple Leafs in potential playoff preview Pavel Zacha had two goals, and star winger David Pastrňák dished out three assists as the Boston Bruins overpowered the Toronto Maple Leafs in a 4-1 win at Scotiabank Arena on Monday night. The Bruins… 13h ago Hamilton hit by ransomware attack, no timeline to restore services: city manager A cybersecurity incident that the City of Hamilton has been grappling with since last month has been confirmed as a ransomware attack. The city says it first learned of the attack on Feb. 25. City… 13h ago 2 men from Chile crashed into Ajax house while fleeing attempted ATM robbery: police Durham Regional Police have arrested two men who recently arrived in Canada from Chile after they allegedly tried to rob an ATM at an Ajax bank and then crashed into a house while trying to evade pursuing… 19h ago Measles patient had ‘close contacts’ at a York Region high school York Region’s medical officer of health says a man infected with measles had “close contacts” among students and teachers at a high school north of Toronto. Dr. Barry Pakes says more than 1,500 students… 16h ago NDP urging province to make Hwy. 407 toll-free for commercial trucks The Ontario NDP is urging the province to make Highway 407 toll-free for trucks — a move the party says will greatly reduce congestion on Highway 401 and other major routes in the GTA. NDP Leader Marit… 16h ago Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre says education powerful tool for avoiding fraud During Fraud Prevention Month, the Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre (CAFC) and law enforcement agencies across the province are raising awareness about how fraud has evolved, emphasizing that education is one… 18h ago York police warn of extortion scams targeting Chinese community Police north of Toronto say scammers posing as Chinese law enforcement officials are targeting the Chinese community in York Region and demanding money from victims for fabricated legal issues. York… 20h ago Woman, 37, tried to arrange sexual offences against young child: Durham police A 37-year-old Smiths Falls woman has been charged after Durham Regional Police allege she tried to arrange sexual offences against a young child. The investigation that ultimately led to her arrest… 23h ago Load More Get the CityNews AppNow New and Improved! Watch CityNews, listen to CityNews 680 live anytime and get up-to-the-minute breaking-news alerts, traffic, weather and video from CityNews Toronto anywhere you are – across all Android and iOS devices. Apple Store Google Store About Us News Policy Contact Us Watch Citytv Advertise With Us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Political Ads Registry Accessibility Feedback Terms of Service Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002 - 2024 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.