CBS Sacramento - Breaking News, Sports, First Alert Weather & Community Journalism Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Sacramento Getting Answers facebook twitter youtube News All News Sacramento News California News Politics Health Consumer Investigations Wildfires Pets Call Kurtis Uplifting CBS+ Weather Latest Weather Weather Watchers Radar Send Your Weather Footage Sports All Sports Friday Gameday Sports Sunday CBS Sports HQ Kings 49ers SF Giants A's Raiders Sharks Video CBS13/KMAX31 Shows GoodDay Friday Gameday Sports Sunday GoodDay Kitchen CBS13 News Team Advertise Contact Us Contests Galleries Links & Numbers Send A News Tip See What's On CBS13 Volunteer For Call Kurtis Download The App CBS News Live CBS News Sacramento: Local News, Weather & More Jun 16, 2021 CBS News Sacramento CBS News Live California Primary 2024 Julie Watts Investigates Call Kurtis Latest News More California has same-day voter registration. Here's how to register to vote today to cast your 2024 primary ballot Californians are hitting the polls on Super Tuesday, and same-day voter registration means it's not too late to participate in election day. 1H ago San Diego dentist, a Sacramento native, killed by disgruntled patient Sacramento native Ben Harouni's life was tragically taken at 28 last week when a gunman, who police say was a disgruntled former customer, shot and killed him inside his El Cajon dentist's office. 8H ago Costs cripple California's leading crop, some almond growers say game over California almond farms are struggling to pay the bills. One San Joaquin County farm filed for bankruptcy in February due to falling almond prices and rising costs. 12H ago What's on the ballot in Sacramento? Your voting guide for the 2024 primary election day Super Tuesday 2024 is here, and Sacramento residents will be turning in their ballots to vote on several impactful races both locally and across the state. updated 36M ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 2H ago Chicken Ranch Casino in Tuolumne County to open new resort later this year Chicken Ranch Casino is opening a new resort near Jamestown in Tuolumne County that could provide a major boost to the local economy. 7H ago First Alert Weather: I-80 reopens but more Sierra snow is expected The Blizzard Warning was extended through midnight Sunday and a Winter Storm Warning continues through Wednesday morning as several feet of additional snow is expected. 23M ago Efforts underway to increase number of voters behind bars in Sacramento County A state law passed in 2016 allows many people in county jails to vote by mail behind bars. 8H ago Here's how much money has been raised in Sacramento's mayor race Plenty of money has flowed into Sacramento City Hall political campaigns this year. 8H ago More Local News Featured On CBS Sacramento Sacramento Jewish Film Festival returns with a documentary about iconic actor Gene Wilder The Sacramento Jewish Film Festival kicks off this week and celebrates its 25th year – along with a documentary about the life of legendary actor Gene Wilder. 12H ago Undecided on who to choose in Stockton mayor's race Tuesday? Here's a candidate breakdown The candidates are nonprofit director Jesus Andrade, educator and former city council member Christina Fugazi, small business owner Shakeel Ahmad Khan, county supervisor Tom Patti, nonprofit director Jessica Velez and current city council member Dan Wright. 16H ago Winter storm forces extended closure of I-80, stranding travelers Interstate 80, through the Sierra Mountains, remained shut down for the third consecutive day Sunday, as the winter storm blankets the region with heavy snowfall. Mar 3 2024 California Primary More Where's your Sacramento polling place for Super Tuesday? How to know where to vote or drop off your ballot California votes on Super Tuesday 2024, but Sacramento residents can already start dropping off their ballots at certain polling places. updated 53M ago California has same-day voter registration. Here's how to register to vote today to cast your 2024 primary ballot Californians are hitting the polls on Super Tuesday, and same-day voter registration means it's not too late to participate in election day. 1H ago What's on the ballot in Sacramento? Your voting guide for the 2024 primary election day Super Tuesday 2024 is here, and Sacramento residents will be turning in their ballots to vote on several impactful races both locally and across the state. updated 36M ago Here's how much money has been raised in Sacramento's mayor race Plenty of money has flowed into Sacramento City Hall political campaigns this year. 8H ago Undecided on who to choose in Stockton mayor's race Tuesday? Here's a candidate breakdown The candidates are nonprofit director Jesus Andrade, educator and former city council member Christina Fugazi, small business owner Shakeel Ahmad Khan, county supervisor Tom Patti, nonprofit director Jessica Velez and current city council member Dan Wright. 16H ago More Latest Videos More Latest Videos California 2030: Future of downtown Sacramento with Mayor Steinberg With politics on the mind this week as we prep for Super Tuesday, this segment of California 2030 is with a politician. Tony Lopez sat down with Sacramento Mayor Darrell Steinberg to talk about all sorts of things. For this segement, the pair focused on the future of downtown Sacramento, beginning with how everything changed during and after the pandemic. 7H ago 01:33 California 2030: Future of downtown Sacramento with Mayor Steinberg Sacramento Speaks: Spring Break Spring break for kids and families is quickly approaching. In this segment of Sacramento Speaks, we hit the street to ask you about your plans. 7H ago 00:43 Sacramento County wants to get more ballots to inmates New efforts are underway to give ballots to inmates behind bars in Sacramento County. 8H ago 02:06 San Diego dentist from Sacramento killed in office shooting Sacramento native Ben Harouni's life was tragically taken at 28 last week when a gunman, who police say was a disgruntled former customer, shot and killed him inside his El Cajon dentist's office. 8H ago 02:37 Here's a look at this year's Sacramento mayoral race Plenty of money has flowed into Sacramento City Hall political campaigns this year. 8H ago 02:34 More Latest Videos California News More California has same-day voter registration. Here's how to register to vote today to cast your 2024 primary ballot Californians are hitting the polls on Super Tuesday, and same-day voter registration means it's not too late to participate in election day. 1H ago Where's your Sacramento polling place for Super Tuesday? How to know where to vote today California votes on Super Tuesday 2024, but Sacramento residents can already start dropping off their ballots at certain polling places. updated 53M ago California Senate race ads may not be what they seem You've seen a lot of ads in this race and CBS13 found some interesting spending. Would you believe Democrats have spent more than $11 million to prop up Republicans? Mar 1 California governor pushes back against criticism of fast food minimum wage law California Gov. Gavin Newsom's administration has denied a news report that he pushed for an exception to the state's new fast-food minimum wage law that benefits a wealthy campaign donor. Feb 29 California Gov. Gavin Newsom faces faces second recall effort Citizen-led group Rescue California sent a recall letter to the governor's office Monday morning explaining the reasons behind the second attempt after the first one failed. Feb 26 View more California news Our Heritage: Community Voices Sacramento Speaks California 2030 The Answer As seen on air Tell CBS13 Latest Sports More Bulls rally from 22 down to stun Kings 113-109 Fox led the Kings with 20 points and 10 assists after missing two games with a bruised left knee. Sabonis had 18 points and 21 boards for his 43rd consecutive double-double before fouling out late in the fourth quarter. 8H ago Pacific fires men's basketball coach Leonard Perry after a winless conference season Pacific has fired basketball coach Leonard Perry after the team went winless in the West Coast Conference regular season. 16H ago After signing deal with Giants, Matt Chapman says he has 'unfinished business' in Bay Area The more Matt Chapman looked around, the more the four-time Gold Glove third baseman realized he wanted to go back to the Bay Area. 20H ago Chris Mortensen, NFL reporter for ESPN, dies at age 72 Chris Mortensen, the award-winning journalist who covered the NFL for close to four decades, including 32 as a senior analyst at ESPN, died Sunday morning, ESPN confirmed. Mar 3 Caitlin Clark becomes all-time NCAA Division I scoring leader Pete Maravich registered 3,667 points with the Tigers from 1967-1970 while averaging an astounding 44.2 points per game. Mar 3 More Sports News First Alert Weather First Alert Weather Monday evening forecast: March 4, 2024 Here is your extended 7-day forecast! 12H ago 03:16 More Space News SpaceX launches 76 satellites in back-to-back launches from both coasts SpaceX launched three Falcon 9 rockets within 20 hours, including two Monday just one hour and 50 minutes apart. 13H ago Commercial moon lander tipped over onto its side during touchdown Intuitive Machines says despite its off-kilter touchdown, the Odysseus moon lander can still accomplish most of its objectives. Feb 24 When and where to see February's micromoon, known as the Snow Moon February's full moon, the Snow Moon, is also a micromoon. Feb 22 CBS13 TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Politics More California has same-day voter registration. Here's how to register to vote today to cast your 2024 primary ballot Californians are hitting the polls on Super Tuesday, and same-day voter registration means it's not too late to participate in election day. 1H ago What's on the ballot in Sacramento? Your voting guide for the 2024 primary election day Super Tuesday 2024 is here, and Sacramento residents will be turning in their ballots to vote on several impactful races both locally and across the state. updated 36M ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 2H ago Efforts underway to increase number of voters behind bars in Sacramento County A state law passed in 2016 allows many people in county jails to vote by mail behind bars. 8H ago Here's how much money has been raised in Sacramento's mayor race Plenty of money has flowed into Sacramento City Hall political campaigns this year. 8H ago More Political News Call Kurtis More Call Kurtis Investigates: Rover app customer says dogsitter neglected pup, has video proof When picking a house sitter to watch his labradoodle Milli for a week, Dave Harmon found someone with five-star reviews through the Rover App. Here's how he said it all went wrong. Feb 26 Call Kurtis Investigates: Detectives say minor murdered Corey Shearer at Rancho Cordova house party Ninety minutes after getting news of an arrest in their son's 2022 killing outside a Rancho Cordova house party, Kurtis Ming spoke with his parents. Feb 26 Call Kurtis Investigates: The hospital recorded my newborn son as a girl A Sacramento dad says after having two girls, he finally got his son, but not according to the birth certificate. This mistake dragged on for more than six months, and it kept the baby from meeting his relatives. Feb 19 More Around The Nation More Around The Nation California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 2H ago SpaceX launches 76 satellites in back-to-back launches from both coasts SpaceX launched three Falcon 9 rockets within 20 hours, including two Monday just one hour and 50 minutes apart. 13H ago GM recalls nearly 820,000 pickups over latch safety issue Mechanism used to open the gate of some Chevy Silverado and GMC Sierra trucks could short circuit, GM said. 16H ago Pacific fires men's basketball coach Leonard Perry after a winless conference season Pacific has fired basketball coach Leonard Perry after the team went winless in the West Coast Conference regular season. 16H ago What time do Super Tuesday polls open and close? Key voting hours for today Voters in 15 states head to the polls on Super Tuesday to make their pick for the 2024 Republican and Democratic presidential nominees. Here is what time polling places open and close. 1H ago More National News Entertainment News More Entertainment News Sacramento Jewish Film Festival returns with a documentary about iconic actor Gene Wilder The Sacramento Jewish Film Festival kicks off this week and celebrates its 25th year – along with a documentary about the life of legendary actor Gene Wilder. 12H ago Kenny Chesney tour to make stop in Wheatland this summer Kenny Chesney announced his 2024 tour will be making a stop at the Toyota Amphitheater in Wheatland this summer. Mar 4 Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 Oprah Winfrey says she's stepping down from Weight Watchers Oprah Winfrey said that she's stepping back from her board seat at WeightWatchers after nine years, and will donate her WW stock. Mar 1 Don Henley says he "never gifted" lyrics to "Hotel California" Three collectibles experts are charged with a scheme to peddle handwritten pages of lyrics to "Hotel California" and other classic Eagles songs. Feb 29 More Entertainment News Health News More Health News First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. 17H ago Research suggests COVID-19 affects brain age and IQ score Studies show that even when the virus is mild and exclusively confined to the lungs, it can still provoke inflammation in the brain and impair brain cells' ability to regenerate. Feb 29 Certain types of "forever chemicals" will no longer be used in US food packaging, FDA says Certain kinds of greaseproofing "forever" chemicals called per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, or PFAS, will no longer be used in food packaging in the US, the FDA announced Wednesday. Feb 28 More Health News Consumer News More Consumer News Judging begins in Sacramento for annual Brewers Cup of California competition Across California, more than 1,200 craft brewers pump about $10 billion into the economy each year. On Thursday, judging began in Sacramento for a coveted prize in the craft beer industry. Feb 29 Stockton Safeway enacts new security measures to combat thefts Customers shopping at the Safeway on Pacific Avenue are now navigating through a one-way entrance and exit enforced by placed barriers. The move aims to enhance the safety of shoppers and protect against theft. Feb 28 Certain types of "forever chemicals" will no longer be used in US food packaging, FDA says Certain kinds of greaseproofing "forever" chemicals called per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, or PFAS, will no longer be used in food packaging in the US, the FDA announced Wednesday. Feb 28 Call Kurtis Investigates: Rover app customer says dogsitter neglected pup, has video proof When picking a house sitter to watch his labradoodle Milli for a week, Dave Harmon found someone with five-star reviews through the Rover App. Here's how he said it all went wrong. Feb 26 Business operations tax on ballot divides some Sacramento business owners Proponents of Measure C say it's a way for major corporations to pay their fair share, but small business owners worry that the devil is in the details and that their already thin margins could be slimmer. Feb 26 More Consumer News Business News More Business News Chicken Ranch Casino in Tuolumne County to open new resort later this year Chicken Ranch Casino is opening a new resort near Jamestown in Tuolumne County that could provide a major boost to the local economy. 7H ago Judging begins in Sacramento for annual Brewers Cup of California competition Across California, more than 1,200 craft brewers pump about $10 billion into the economy each year. On Thursday, judging began in Sacramento for a coveted prize in the craft beer industry. Feb 29 Stockton Safeway enacts new security measures to combat thefts Customers shopping at the Safeway on Pacific Avenue are now navigating through a one-way entrance and exit enforced by placed barriers. The move aims to enhance the safety of shoppers and protect against theft. Feb 28 Certain types of "forever chemicals" will no longer be used in US food packaging, FDA says Certain kinds of greaseproofing "forever" chemicals called per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, or PFAS, will no longer be used in food packaging in the US, the FDA announced Wednesday. Feb 28 Historic flagship Macy's in SF Union Square among company's stores to close The flagship Macy's location in San Francisco's once bustling Union Square shopping district is one of the stores set for closure in the wake of the company's Tuesday announcement​, city officials confirmed Tuesday. Feb 27 More Business News Pet News More Pet News California dog survives days with its head stuck in a Biscotti bucket A doggie debacle: A Stockton-area pooch named Gracie got her head stuck in a Biscotti bucket for two weeks. Feb 26 New push is underway to require all California landlords to allow pets The bill would prohibit landlords from inquiring about pets on rental applications and aims to eliminate extra monthly fees known as "pet rent." Feb 22 Meet Bark Purdy, a Sacramento dog participating in this year's Puppy Bowl It's the warm-up to the biggest game of the year. Suiting up in this year's Puppy Bowl is capital city fan-favorite Bark Purdy, who was spotted by scouts last summer at the Sacramento SPCA. Feb 9 Sacramento animal shelter flooded with dogs after storms, offers free adoptions Front Street Animal Shelter is completely out of space for dogs following the recent storms and is making all dog adoptions free through February 18 to try and make room. Feb 8 Bear freed after becoming trapped under North Lake Tahoe home After the handyman put the bear wires up, a neighbor discovered the furry invader was now trapped under the home. Jan 16 More Pet News Drought News More Drought News Groundwater supply could get a boost across the Sacramento area thanks to a new project The Regional Water Authority is working on creating a "bank" to store water underground doubling the capacity of groundwater stored. Sep 14, 2023 Remote Northern California reservoir stuck in drought despite winter's water wealth There's one Northern California reservoir that hasn't rebounded despite this winter's rain and snow. May 13, 2023 Shasta Lake nearly filled to the brim following remarkable winter turnaround If you want to measure the success of this winter, California's largest reservoir is a good way to do it. As of Friday, Shasta is about three feet away from full, and that's a foot higher than where it was on Monday. May 6, 2023 Lake Oroville at 91% capacity, DWR increases water releases The DWR upped its water release amount this week. On Wednesday 18,000 cfs were released and 20,000 cfs on Thursday. Apr 27, 2023 California to meet 100% of water requests thanks to storms Regulators say California will provide 100% of the water requested by cities and farms for the first time in years thanks to winter storms that filled reservoirs and runoff from a record snowpack. Apr 20, 2023 More Drought News Uplifting News More Uplifting News "Yo Soy Lodi" mural in California's Central Valley celebrates unseen heroes There's a colorful new display bringing a community together in San Joaquin County. It's a new mural called "Yo Soy Lodi," or "I Am Lodi," and celebrates ordinary people doing extraordinary things. 13H ago 33 couples tie the knot on Leap Day in Sacramento County Dozens of couples took a matrimonial leap on this Leap Day in Sacramento County. Feb 29 Sacramento-area man with dementia gets international recognition as puzzle ambassador A resident of Sacramento County's Rosemont community is defying the odds of a debilitating disease with an unexpected approach. Feb 23 Sacramento paramedic delivers 2 babies on the job, learns they are cousins A reunion happened Thursday for two Sacramento-area families as they greeted paramedic Diana Boshch who helped deliver their baby girls at their homes. Feb 22 El Dorado County boy "Shines" through adversity, pursues Paralympic dreams on prosthetic legs At just six years old, Shine Arslanian of Garden Valley has faced more adversity than most, but still, nothing slows him down. Feb 20 More Uplifting News ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS13 News Sports Weather Contests Program Guide Sitemap Download Our App Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for KOVR-TV / CBS13 Public File for KMAX-TV / Good Day Sacramento Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On