Smithsonian Magazine: Explore History, Science, Arts & Culture Sections Subscribe Renew Shop Subscribe Give a Gift Renew Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel History Archaeology U.S. History World History Video Newsletter Science Human Behavior Mind & Body Our Planet Space Wildlife Newsletter Innovation Innovation for Good Education Energy Health & Medicine Sustainability Technology Video Newsletter Arts & Culture Museum Day Art Books Design Food Music & Film Video Newsletter Travel Africa & the Middle East Asia Pacific Europe Central and South America U.S. & Canada Journeys Newsletter At The Smithsonian Visit Exhibitions New Research Artifacts Curators' Corner Ask Smithsonian Podcasts Voices Newsletter Podcast Photos Photo Contest Instagram Video Original Series Smithsonian Channel Newsletters Shop Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel At The Smithsonian Podcast Photos Video INNOVATION How a Microbe From Yellowstone's Hot Springs Could Help Feed the World A Chicago startup has turned a fungus found by NASA into a protein-packed food Claire Turrell TRAVEL These Festive Photos Capture How the World Celebrates Carnival, From Rome to Rio de Janeiro Save 81% on Smithsonian magazine. Subscribe today! Smart News Archaeologists May Have Found Traces of a Viking Marketplace in Norway March 4, 2024 5:10 p.m. Why Do Poison Dart Frogs 'Tap Dance' With Their Toes? Research Sheds Light on Feeding Time Footwork March 4, 2024 4:52 p.m. This Is What Ancient Roman Wine Tasted Like March 4, 2024 3:41 p.m. These Photos Are the First to Show Humpback Whales Mating—and Both Are Males March 4, 2024 3:30 p.m. How Wasabi Can Help Preserve Ancient Papyrus March 4, 2024 2:26 p.m. Single Orca Spotted Killing a Great White Shark for the First Time Ever March 4, 2024 1:59 p.m. Get the latest from Smithsonian magazine in your inbox every weekday. By checking this box, I agree to receive other information from the Smithsonian, including relevant content and programming, news about Smithsonian events, trips and offers, and museum updates. Click to visit our Privacy Statement. Easy unsubscribe links are provided in every email. Latest Features HISTORY What Really Happened During the Murder of Rasputin, Russia's 'Mad Monk'? Updated: March 4, 2024 11:38 a.m. | Originally Published: December 27, 2016 HISTORY How a Century of Black Westerns Shaped Movie History March 1, 2024 INNOVATION How a Microbe From Yellowstone's Hot Springs Could Help Feed the World March 1, 2024 TRAVEL These Festive Photos Capture How the World Celebrates Carnival, From Rome to Rio de Janeiro March 1, 2024 SCIENCE How Ancient Texts Can Shed Light on Auroras March 1, 2024 SCIENCE What Centuries-Old Shark Teeth Reveal About Brazil's Ocean February 29, 2024 HISTORY How the Memory of a Song Reunited Two Women Separated by the Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade February 29, 2024 TRAVEL Via Ferratas Are Finally Catching On in the United States February 28, 2024 Current Issue March 2024 Recovering the Lost Aviators of World War II The Remarkable Untold Story of Sojourner Truth The Dugong, a Huggable, Seagrass-Loving Sea Cow, Has a New Best Friend: Drones Subscribe Give a Gift Renew Most Popular 1. Smart News Coywolves are Taking Over Eastern North America Coywolves are not 'shy wolves'—they are coyote-wolf hybrids (with some dog mixed in) and now number in the millions 2. Smart News Archaeologists Discover Wooden Spikes Described by Julius Caesar Until recently, no traces of the military technology had ever been found 3. Smart News This Is What Ancient Roman Wine Tasted Like New research shows that clay vessels known as dolia were essential to the drink's distinctive taste, flavor and texture 4. Smart News Largest Human Family Tree Identifies Nearly 27 Million Ancestors Researchers create massive genealogical network dating back 100,000 years 5. History What Really Happened During the Murder of Rasputin, Russia's 'Mad Monk'? Aristocrats plotted to kill the Siberian peasant, who wielded undue influence over Nicholas II and his wife, Alexandra. But the conspiracy backfired, hastening the coming Russian Revolution Smithsonian Voices National Museum of American History Sports Inventions, Music and More, Check Out These March Happenings National Museum of the American Indian How to Play Snow Snake, the Traditional Winter Game of the Haudenosaunee Smithsonian Books A Long Story of Freedom Seeking National Museum of Natural History Interested in Using Museum Collections to Better Understand Freshwater Mussels? There’s Now an App for That Smithsonian Associates Reading the Constitution With Justice Stephen Breyer and Other Extraordinary Programs in March Smithsonian Center for Folklife & Cultural Heritage How Living Heritage Heals the Invisible Fractures of the Soul in Eastern Türkiye See All Special Report Alaska Alaska is nicknamed "The Great Land," and for good reason: it is wild, rugged and expansive. In a series of articles, Smithsonian magazine explores the history, culture and natural wonders of the 49th state. View Full Report Featured Stories Alps-Style Hut-to-Hut Travel Is On Its Way to Alaska The World’s Most Grueling Race Journeys 1,000 Miles Down the Yukon These Students Are Part of a 75-Year Study to Map Alaska’s Glaciers Made Possible Through the Support of Smithsonian Videos Ten Fun Facts About Jellyfish Play The Ultimate Skywatching Guide for Every Season The Best Small Towns to Celebrate Winter Photo of the day Bike At the Blue Prickly Pig History What Really Happened During the Murder of Rasputin, Russia's 'Mad Monk'? Aristocrats plotted to kill the Siberian peasant, who wielded undue influence over Nicholas II and his wife, Alexandra. But the conspiracy backfired, hastening the coming Russian Revolution How the Memory of a Song Reunited Two Women Separated by the Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade The Real History Behind FX's 'Shogun' Science How Did Humans Evolve to Use Everyday Tools? An anthropologist explains why we experience many objects, from tennis rackets to cars, as extensions of our bodies Iceland's Recent Volcanic Eruptions Are Unleashing Deep Secrets What Centuries-Old Shark Teeth Reveal About Brazil's Ocean Innovation The Dugong, a Huggable, Seagrass-Loving Sea Cow, Has a New Best Friend: Drones Keeping tabs on the species' populations is surprisingly hard. A new aerial effort tracks the marks they leave behind The Case for Destroying Old Forest Roads In a First, a Prosthetic Limb Can Sense Temperature Like a Living Hand Arts & Culture How the Unicorn Became an Enduring Symbol—and Scotland's National Animal The Perth Museum's inaugural exhibition examines the mythical creature's long history See 11 Winning Images From the Close-Up Photographer of the Year Awards ChatGPT Helped Write This Award-Winning Japanese Novel Travel Via Ferratas Are Finally Catching On in the United States With origins in Europe, the assisted climbing routes are springing up at luxury resorts and on private land this side of the Atlantic These Were the Most—and Least—Popular National Parks in 2023 You Can Watch the Solar Eclipse From These Flights Through the Path of Totality At the Smithsonian Fantastical Art Joins Hundreds of Blooming Orchids to Shed Light on Conservation Efforts Smithsonian Gardens’ 28th annual orchid exhibition is underway at the Kogod Courtyard How the Smithsonian Is Helping Black Americans Trace Their Roots These Women Were the Real Geniuses Behind the Iconic Tiffany Lamps Explore Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel At The Smithsonian Podcast Photos Video Subscribe Subscribe Give a gift Renew Manage My Account Newsletters Sign Up Content Licensing Our Partners Smithsonian Institution Smithsonian.com Smithsonian Store Smithsonian Journeys Smithsonian Channel Smithsonian Books Smithsonian Membership Terms of Use About Smithsonian Contact Us Advertising RSS Member Services Sustainability Terms of Use Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Advertising Notice © 2024 Smithsonian Magazine Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms of Use Advertising Notice Your Privacy Rights Cookie Settings