Open Knowledge Foundation – For a fair, sustainable and open future Who we are About us Team Board of Directors Funders Governance Donate What we do Tools Services Projects Digital Public Infrastructure for Electoral Processes Updating the Open Definition 100+ Conversations to inspire our new direction Global Movement Open Knowledge Network Global Directory Project Repository Open Data Day Open Knowledge Forums News Newsroom Blog Newsletter Twitter/X LinkedIn Mastodon English Español We are building a world open by design where all knowledge is accessible to everyone. We provide services for opening data We are the technology arm of institutions, organisations and communities, so you can create, manage and publish open data with our tools. Learn more We can help you develop your skills and unlock your potential We offer capacity-building training on data literacies for individuals, teams and communities so you can understand the transformative power of openness. Learn more You can partner with us and be part of the global movement Our local impact through the Open Knowledge Network is spread across over 40 countries. Be our partner and help the movement grow. Learn more Tools Services Global Movement Get in touch Open Knowledge in Practice DPI for Electoral Processes Debriefing the 4 round tables so far Learn more Nominate a project and join our international coalition Help us make democratic processes more trustworthy Digital Public Goods How DPI can help fight Information Pollution during elections Learn more Open Government Journalists, tech activists, legal professionals: the alliance we need to push for transparency Learn more 100+ Conversations Stefania Maurizi: 'Secrets are the currency of power' Learn more Open Data CKAN is recognised as a tool advancing UN's Sustainable Development Goals Learn more Open Knowledge Data Tools The home of a set of legal tools and licenses to help you publish, provide and use open data: Open Database License (ODbL), Open Data Commons Attribution License, and Open Data Commons Public Domain Dedication and License (PDDL). Learn more The Open Definition sets out principles that define “openness” in relation to data and content. It makes precise the meaning of “open” in the terms “open data” and “open content” and thereby ensures quality and encourages compatibility between different pools of open material. Learn more Frictionless Data is an open-source toolkit that brings simplicity to the data experience – whether you're wrangling a CSV or engineering complex pipelines. Learn more No-code application to explore and publish all kinds of data: datasets, tables, charts, maps, stories, and more. Forever free and open source project powered by open standards and generative AI. Learn more The world's leading open source data management system. CKAN makes it easy to publish, share and discover data. It powers hundreds of data portals worldwide including governments, NGOs, research centers and enterprises. Learn more Global movement in action Open Knowledge Foundation is part of a worldwide movement working together for a fair, free and open future. Join us! Open Knowledge established chapters More countries Gathering of experts from the open community in the Open Knowledge Symposium (Barcelona, May 2022) Open Definition workshop with Latin American communities at RightsCon (San José, Jun 2023) Network-run event parallel to the Open Government Partnership (OGP) Global Summit (Tallinn, Sep 2023) Network members planning next year’s strategy for the global movement (Zurich, Jun 2023) Grantees from the Philippines running an event on Open Data Day (Manila, Mar 2023) Participants of Coda.Br, the largest data journalism conference in Latin America (São Paulo, Nov 2022) Community gathering with OKFN team during csv,conf,v7 (Buenos Aires, Apr 2023) Featured Network Projects Global Directory A global and multilingual excellence cluster of leaders of the open movement, carefully selected by the Network. Learn more Project Repository A searchable database of the most prominent projects from the Network and other allies in the open movement. Learn more Latest News Open Knowledge Network Regional Hubs Coordinators – Call for Applications Are you a community practitioner or a researcher interested in international networks and the digital commons? This could be an interesting opportunity for you. January 17, 2024 Announcement of strategic funding for the Open Data Editor We are pleased to announce that the Open Knowledge Foundation has been selected as a grantee of the Patrick J. McGovern Foundation, marking a significant milestone for the development of the Open Data Editor (ODE) application, a tool that will unlock the power of data for key groups, including scientists, journalists and data activists. January 11, 2024 End of the year with the Open Knowledge Network Before we get to 2024, check out the heart-warming updates from around the world by the members of the Open Knowledge Network. December 22, 2023 Read more in the Newsroom Open Knowledge Library Free resources to enable organisations, governments and any initiative to be #OpenByDesign. Find out more Open Data Handbook For anyone who works with complex data or across tools or teams (researchers, data scientists, engineers, and decision-makers), this open-source toolkit brings simplicity. Learn more Problematising Strategic Tension Lines in the Digital Commons A report by Open Knowledge, Open Future and Wikimedia Europe. Learn more What is open? Are you new here? Take the first steps to understanding why openness is a key part of an inclusive digital future for all. Learn more Don't miss a thing Stay on top of what's happening in the #OpenMovement around the world. (We will never spam you!) Subscribe Privacy Policy IP Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Jobs Contact Request a Quote Twitter/X Mastodon YouTube Linkedin Newsletter Source code available under the MIT license. Content on this site, made by Open Knowledge, is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.