Home – Travis-CI Product Cloud Enterprise Pricing Blog Resources Security Company About Us Talk to Sales Talk to Us Sign In Test and deploy with confidence The most downloaded app on GitHub,trusted by developers and enterprises 381K installs (and counting) Start Now  Simple YAML configs With Travis CI, you never have to choose between speed, quality or cost: Connect directly to Assembla, GitHub and more. Parallel building with our Build Matrix. Simple syntax means faster time to value. Clean VMs for every build. Live build request. Auto-deployment on passing builds Pull request support. Test on Mac, Linux and iOS. Test on unique architecture like AMD Graviton 64, IBM PowerPC and IBM Z. Start Now Let's Talk Enterprise We are the original cloud-based CI/CD solution. Enjoy multi-environment testing. Run and test simultaneously on different environments. Pinpoint (and fix) failed tests. Take the guesswork out of development. Travis CI highlights bugs so you can find them immediately. Simple app and fast onboarding. Sign-up for Travis CI and begin testing projects within minutes. Lean engineering. Avoid build-bloat. Control the number of builds to stay focused on the most important tasks and save costs. Multi-language Build Matrix. Travis CI supports 30+ coding languages. Your secrets are safe. Securely store your environment variables with us or through our Hashicorp Vault integration. Code less and deploy more. Travis CI requires approximately 33% less code than other CI/CD tools. Develop faster and get more out of even your most prolific engineers. One-command automations. Your time is valuable. Automate validation, integration and deployment tasks with one command. Find and squash bugs before you deploy new code. Automatically catch code failures and bugs. When everything works up to your standards, Travis CI also automatically deploys new changes. If you need it, you can integrate it. Travis CI offers dozens of ready-made integrations with tools like HashiCorp Vault, Code Climate and SonarCloud. Plus, you can custom-integrate any additional applications you need. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved Contact Support Links DocumentationBlogChangelog Version Control Systems Perforce CI/CD Automation Git CI/CD Software SVN CI/CD Software Tips, Promotions and Exclusive Offers: Get the Travis CI Newsletter SUBSCRIBE Talk with Travis CI’s Michael Mendy about using Jenkins with Travis CI ×