Click Fraud Protection & Detection Software | ClickCease™ English Italian French German Spanish Portuguese Product Total protection suite Total protection for your marketing funnels. Block bots and bad traffic on paid and organic campaigns. Google Ad protection Block bots, competitors and other wasteful traffic on your PPC campaigns. Facebook Ad protection Remove fake users from your Facebook, Instagram and Messenger Ad campaigns. Bot Zapping New Prevent unwanted bot activity on your Wordpress websites. Agencies Pricing Resources Blog Read articles and guides by our expert content team. Case Studies Real life examples of ClickCease in action from genuine customers. FAQ Got questions about using ClickCease? We answer all the common questions. Knowledge center Need help getting set up? Find all the documentation, webinars and info you need. Press ClickCease in the news? Read our press releases and articles. Research Our team offer their insights and findings from the world of marketing and fraud prevention. Reviews What do customers think of ClickCease? Read our reviews. Why us? Discover why ClickCease is the industry leading choice for businesses around the world. Affiliate program Log in Start now Protect your ads and websites with the best-in-class solution Block harmful traffic from wasting your budget and skewing your data, once and for all. Start free trial Based on 1000+ reviews Quick Installation 24/7 Support ClickCease is approved by both Google and Meta (Facebook) to use their respective APIs ensuring secure and verified access CHEQ is trusted by +14,000 advertisers across all industries Block only the bad traffic ClickCease automatically blocks invalid traffic from clicking on your Google ads and seeing your Facebook Ads in real-time, making sure no damage is done to your ad budget. Who do we block? With ClickCease, harmful sources won’t be able to even see your ads. Bots clicks At least 40% of internet traffic is non human. Bots have no intention of converting and will simply waste your ad budget. Competitor clicks What’s stopping your competitors from clicking your ads, depleting your ad budget and taking the number 1 spot on Google from you. Fake clicks Driving genuine traffic is the key to getting conversions. Blocking fake clicks improves your quality of traffic and can get you more conversions. Click farms Are large scale dedicated click fraud operations, usually hired to inflate the click volume on search engine results and social media channels. Brand haters Refers to anyone who wants to see you fail. A depleted budget prevents you from advertising and ruins your marketing results. How does it work? Why marketers choose ClickCease “ClickCease saves us 15-20% of our Google Ads spend every month” Mike MollManaging Director & Founder, Market Me Consulting Toronto, Canada “ClickCease puts my mind at ease regarding Click fraud on Google Ads” Nophry Lev-Ari,Senior Marketing Specialist “we save 1000's of Dollars each month by Blocking click fraud with clickcease” Tim BrownCEO Founder, Hook Agency Minneapolis, Minnesota See more reviews 1000+ Reviews ClickCease works with any platform Whether you want to prevent click fraud on your own custom site or on a platform you use, ClickCease takes just minutes to install. Customer success stories Case studies showing how ClickCease customers increased conversion, achieved lower CPC, block fake clicks and more. $65,000+ worth of fraudulent clicks prevented 21% cleaner traffic +6,195 clicks saved View case study 20% CPA improvement, lead cost decreased by 40% 10% cleaner traffic $4,038 saved View case study $500,000+ savings by preventing click fraud 27% Cleaner traffic +148,163 clicks saved View case study Say goodbye to click fraud And enjoy these benefits along the way Outsmart competitors Learn first who is bidding on your keywords with new competitor notifications. See their ad copy and track their daily position. Beat your competition by improving your ads accordingly. Save money 24/7 24/7 automatic ad fraud and click fraud protection will make sure you aren’t wasting your budget on impressions and clicks from people and bots that want to harm your business. Improve ads Replay fresh user mouse recordings on your site. Identify the pain points to improve your users’ experience. Our algorithms also use this data for click fraud detection. Customize Not all businesses are alike, and neither is all fraud. Our custom features will ensure a higher level of click fraud filtering. Geo Targeting, Device Detection, Custom Thresholds and more. Get insights Access your robust click fraud reporting dashboard. View the details of each and every click and monitor your campaign health. Get information such as: browser, time, device, location, ISP, keyword and much more. Get refunds* Submitting a GoogleAds refund is a complex process. Our support agents will help you file a request to Google when you are eligible for one. * Refunds are subject to Google's decision Start free trial Don't settle for ordinary protection In addition to the default protection Default protection Default protection Real-time blocking Real-Time blocking refers to how quickly a fraudulent IP is detected and added to the exclusion list Only after 24 hours. Click threshold limitations Set how many times an individual IP can click on your paid ads before being automatically blocked. Visitors Analytics Total transparency about each click. Know exactly where the click came from. How they clicked and when it occured. 30+ Data points per click. Exclude VPN traffic Block any IP that is using a VPN or proxy Industry-based data Set up your detection settings with industry suggestions, making sure your business is in line with the protection it needs Auto populate IPs on exclusion list Keep the most relevant and dangerous IPs at the top of the excluded list while cycling through the least threatening ones. Auto exclude ips and users on Google and Facebook ads. Fraudulent behavior session recordings See visitor mouse movements - we use this data in order to detect and block fraud. All sessions recorded. GDPR & CCPA ClickCease is committed to protecting your data and respecting your privacy GDPR CCPA The leading click fraud protection software Over 2,000,000 campaigns worldwide are protected by ClickCease Start free trial Start free trial ClickCease™ is an impression and click-fraud detection and protection service software. Our anti click fraud service detects fraud on Microsoft Ads and protects Google Ads by using our industry-leading detection algorithms, blocking fraudulent IPs automatically. ClickCease™ protects Facebook Ads campaigns by detecting and excluding fraudulent audiences. ClickCease™ is not affiliated with any search engine and is an independent provider. Product Affiliates Agencies How it works Pricing Product Reviews Company About us Careers Case studies Contact us Press Why us Resources API Blog FAQ Glossary Research Support Got a question? Schedule a call Start a chat Email us Got a question? Schedule a call Start a chat Email us Got a question? Schedule a call Start a chat Email us ClickCease™ is an impression and click-fraud detection and protection service software. Our anti click fraud service detects fraud on Microsoft Ads and protects Google Ads by using our industry-leading detection algorithms, blocking fraudulent IPs automatically. ClickCease™ protects Facebook Ads campaigns by detecting and excluding fraudulent audiences. ClickCease™ is not affiliated with any search engine and is an independent provider. Social Our App Terms of service Privacy policy Trust DPA © ClickCease.com 2023 © ClickCease.com ClickCease™ is an ad fraud protection and ad fraud detection service Schedule a call Please fill in your details below Country? Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Vatican Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe What is your monthly click volume? 0-5,000 5,001-75,000 75,001-150,000 150,001-249,999 250,000+ Thanks!