Northeastern Global News - News, Discovery, and Analysis from Around the World Skip to content Contact Us Faculty Experts In the Press Media Inquiries Newsletter Parents & Families Safe Campuses, Civil Discourse FAQ Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Tiktok Twitter Youtube March 5, 2024 Let creativity flow Search Search Search Connect Subscribe Editor's Picks Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Recent Stories Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common University News World News Science & Technology Arts & Entertainment Business Health Law Lifestyle Society & Culture Sports Research Magazine Contact Us Faculty Experts In the Press Media Inquiries Newsletter Parents & Families Safe Campuses, Civil Discourse FAQ University News Recent Stories Photos: Paws, art installations and Northeastern vs. Boston Red Sox Featured Photos: Paws, art installations and Northeastern vs. Boston Red Sox by Matthew Modoono March 1, 2024 Planning next steps for ‘wildly impactful’ youth summer jobs program Planning next steps for ‘wildly impactful’ youth summer jobs program February 29, 2024 Online disinformation and misinformation must force reporters to ‘prove’ the truth, says veteran news editor Online disinformation and misinformation must force reporters to ‘prove’ the truth, says veteran news editor February 22, 2024 World News Recent Stories Are the Western allies still committed to helping Ukraine defeat Russia after two years of the Russia-Ukraine war? Featured Are the Western allies still committed to helping Ukraine defeat Russia after two years of the Russia-Ukraine war? by Alena Kuzub March 1, 2024 Who owns the moon? Who owns the moon? February 27, 2024 If Russia is developing some kind of space-based weapon, Putin may never get to use it. Here’s why If Russia is developing some kind of space-based weapon, Putin may never get to use it. Here’s why February 16, 2024 Science & Technology Recent Stories Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Featured Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development by Cesareo Contreras February 29, 2024 Experimental antibiotic treatment for Lyme heads for human safety trials Experimental antibiotic treatment for Lyme heads for human safety trials February 28, 2024 Cyberattack on major health-tech company was caused by weak security infrastructure, Northeastern cybersecurity experts say Cyberattack on major health-tech company was caused by weak security infrastructure, Northeastern cybersecurity experts say February 27, 2024 Arts & Entertainment Recent Stories How do you create a prize-winning snow sculpture? Just ask this Northeastern law grad who is digging his unique passion Featured How do you create a prize-winning snow sculpture? Just ask this Northeastern law grad who is digging his unique passion by Erin Kayata March 4, 2024 New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history March 1, 2024 Beyoncé is the first Black female solo artist to top country music charts. Here’s why that’s significant Beyoncé is the first Black female solo artist to top country music charts. Here’s why that’s significant March 1, 2024 Business Recent Stories Why your grocery bill hasn’t followed the falling inflation trend Featured Why your grocery bill hasn’t followed the falling inflation trend by Cyrus Moulton March 4, 2024 From LIV Golf to Ronaldo and the ATP — will Saudi Arabia’s sports investments pay off? Business experts are doubtful. From LIV Golf to Ronaldo and the ATP — will Saudi Arabia’s sports investments pay off? Business experts are doubtful. March 4, 2024 Capital One and Discover merger may be a response to an adjacent concern: the Visa and Mastercard duopoly, economist says Capital One and Discover merger may be a response to an adjacent concern: the Visa and Mastercard duopoly, economist says February 20, 2024 Health Recent Stories Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Featured Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ by Cynthia McCormick Hibbert March 4, 2024 Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not March 4, 2024 Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development February 29, 2024 Law Recent Stories ‘There is a point of controversy’: Legal experts dissect Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling on Trump’s eligibility Featured ‘There is a point of controversy’: Legal experts dissect Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling on Trump’s eligibility by Tanner Stening March 4, 2024 Integrity of ‘independent’ state traffic stop analysis questioned by Northeastern researcher who made opposite conclusions Integrity of ‘independent’ state traffic stop analysis questioned by Northeastern researcher who made opposite conclusions February 28, 2024 How should social media companies be regulated? Oral arguments in Texas, Florida cases rehash theories, draw new battle lines How should social media companies be regulated? Oral arguments in Texas, Florida cases rehash theories, draw new battle lines February 27, 2024 Lifestyle Recent Stories Nike Dunks, Air Jordans, Yeezy slides: Huskick’s club is all about sneakers Featured Nike Dunks, Air Jordans, Yeezy slides: Huskick’s club is all about sneakers by Mark Conti July 13, 2023 Video: The story and science behind Rupee Beer, a lager designed to be paired with Indian food Video: The story and science behind Rupee Beer, a lager designed to be paired with Indian food July 13, 2023 How to maximize your child’s school vacation while beating the summer slide How to maximize your child’s school vacation while beating the summer slide June 6, 2023 Society & Culture Recent Stories Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Featured Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ by Cynthia McCormick Hibbert March 4, 2024 Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common March 4, 2024 New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history March 1, 2024 Sports Recent Stories ‘We wanted to be the team to get it done.’ Northeastern baseball team makes Major League effort against Boston Red Sox Featured ‘We wanted to be the team to get it done.’ Northeastern baseball team makes Major League effort against Boston Red Sox by Craig Handel February 23, 2024 Video: Northeastern defeats Boston University in overtime to win fifth men’s Beanpot title in six years Video: Northeastern defeats Boston University in overtime to win fifth men’s Beanpot title in six years February 14, 2024 Northeastern’s Beanpot dynasty is alive and well! Huskies upset BU, 4-3, in overtime to win fifth championship in six years Northeastern’s Beanpot dynasty is alive and well! Huskies upset BU, 4-3, in overtime to win fifth championship in six years February 12, 2024 Research Magazine Recent Stories Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Top Stories March 05 How a Gen Z Marketing Agency Helps Marginalized Businesses How a Gen Z Marketing Agency Helps Marginalized Businesses Shirley Wang, a second-year student, runs a marketing agency fully staffed with other Gen Zers and serving underrepresented entrepreneurs. by Alena Kuzub February 13, 2024 Northeastern student starts marketing agency to engage communities of color from the Gen Z perspective Northeastern student starts marketing agency to engage communities of color from the Gen Z perspective by Alena Kuzub February 13, 2024 Shirley Wang, a second-year student, runs a marketing agency fully staffed with other Gen Zers and serving underrepresented entrepreneurs. ‘There is a point of controversy’: Legal experts dissect Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling on Trump’s eligibility ‘There is a point of controversy’: Legal experts dissect Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling on Trump’s eligibility by Tanner Stening March 4, 2024 Legal experts say the decision puts to rest the question of whether states can disqualify candidates, while noting the majority overstepped. Northeastern loves Paws. He loves Northeastern more. NGN Magazine Northeastern loves Paws. He loves Northeastern more. by Schuyler Velasco March 1, 2024 From TD Garden to TikTok fame, Paws, Northeastern's husky mascot, radiates boundless infectious energy across the global campus network. Beyoncé is the first Black female solo artist to top country music charts. Here’s why that’s significant Beyoncé is the first Black female solo artist to top country music charts. Here’s why that’s significant by Erin Kayata March 1, 2024 Beyonce's Billboard Country Chart record is challenging an industry typically dominated by white male artists, Northeastern experts say. Editor's Picks Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Why your grocery bill hasn’t followed the falling inflation trend Why your grocery bill hasn’t followed the falling inflation trend From LIV Golf to Ronaldo and the ATP — will Saudi Arabia’s sports investments pay off? Business experts are doubtful. From LIV Golf to Ronaldo and the ATP — will Saudi Arabia’s sports investments pay off? Business experts are doubtful. Are the Western allies still committed to helping Ukraine defeat Russia after two years of the Russia-Ukraine war? Are the Western allies still committed to helping Ukraine defeat Russia after two years of the Russia-Ukraine war? University News All Stories Northeastern loves Paws. He loves Northeastern more. NGN Magazine Northeastern loves Paws. He loves Northeastern more. From TD Garden to TikTok fame, Paws, Northeastern's husky mascot, radiates boundless infectious energy across the global campus network. Photos: Paws, art installations and Northeastern vs. Boston Red Sox Photos: Paws, art installations and Northeastern vs. Boston Red Sox Ahead of spring break, students studied for midterms and worked on projects, while also enjoying warmer temperatures on the Boston campus. Planning next steps for ‘wildly impactful’ youth summer jobs program Planning next steps for ‘wildly impactful’ youth summer jobs program Study shows Boston's Summer Youth Employment Program yields benefits from higher employment to improved academics. Online disinformation and misinformation must force reporters to ‘prove’ the truth, says veteran news editor Online disinformation and misinformation must force reporters to ‘prove’ the truth, says veteran news editor Marty Baron, former executive editor of The Washington Post, shares insights into the state of journalism and online misinformation. Northeastern honors program receives $5M from venture capitalist John Martinson. Philanthropist applauds impact of experiential learning Northeastern honors program receives $5M from venture capitalist John Martinson. Philanthropist applauds impact of experiential learning John Martinson, a venture capitalist and philanthropist, has donated $5M to the university to support its redesigned honors program. Israel-Hamas War All Stories A generational divide on views of Israel … in both parties, according to new survey A generational divide on views of Israel … in both parties, according to new survey “I think one topline finding that resonates with prior survey findings and some prior research is that there are both partisan and generational differences in attitudes towards Israel and Palestine,” David Lazer says. Could the Israel-Hamas and Russia-Ukraine wars escalate into World War III? Could the Israel-Hamas and Russia-Ukraine wars escalate into World War III? With tensions now flaring in the Middle East and in Europe, can the two crises snowball into one global war or are they contained? International Holocaust Remembrance Day is more important – and more complicated – than ever this year, Northeastern experts say International Holocaust Remembrance Day is more important – and more complicated – than ever this year, Northeastern experts say The need to understand the horrors of the Holocaust and the role of fascism and antisemitism in the genocide has added weight this year. Will South Africa’s lawsuit alleging genocide change the course of the Israel-Hamas war? Will South Africa’s lawsuit alleging genocide change the course of the Israel-Hamas war? South Africa's lawsuit could change the course of the Israel-Hamas War as it puts Israel in the position to defend itself, a law expert says. Why are women’s rights groups silent after Hamas’ sexual violence against women? Political leanings are to blame, experts say Why are women’s rights groups silent after Hamas’ sexual violence against women? Political leanings are to blame, experts say A law expert says it’s about time that people take a stand against the sexual violence perpetuated by Hamas in its assault on Israel. Research New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history “Black Networks Matter” author David Lazer says networks contributed to scale and diversity of “unprecedented” Black Lives Matter protests. Planning next steps for ‘wildly impactful’ youth summer jobs program Planning next steps for ‘wildly impactful’ youth summer jobs program Study shows Boston's Summer Youth Employment Program yields benefits from higher employment to improved academics. Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Artificial intelligence tools used for medical research powered by large language models could have helped cut that time in half. More in Research World News Are the Western allies still committed to helping Ukraine defeat Russia after two years of the Russia-Ukraine war? Are the Western allies still committed to helping Ukraine defeat Russia after two years of the Russia-Ukraine war? Who owns the moon? Who owns the moon? If Russia is developing some kind of space-based weapon, Putin may never get to use it. Here’s why If Russia is developing some kind of space-based weapon, Putin may never get to use it. Here’s why More in World News Society & Culture Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common Would you fall for a scam? Losses from fraud are going up as financial scams become more common New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history More in Society & Culture Health Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Can Gen Z reverse ‘rapid aging’? Why they fear ‘aging like milk’ Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Does magnesium help with sleep? Expert says probably not Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development More in Health Business Why your grocery bill hasn’t followed the falling inflation trend Why your grocery bill hasn’t followed the falling inflation trend From LIV Golf to Ronaldo and the ATP — will Saudi Arabia’s sports investments pay off? Business experts are doubtful. From LIV Golf to Ronaldo and the ATP — will Saudi Arabia’s sports investments pay off? Business experts are doubtful. Capital One and Discover merger may be a response to an adjacent concern: the Visa and Mastercard duopoly, economist says Capital One and Discover merger may be a response to an adjacent concern: the Visa and Mastercard duopoly, economist says More in Business Lifestyle After 20 years behind a desk, adventure seeker starts business leading hikes in the mountains NGN Magazine After 20 years behind a desk, adventure seeker starts business leading hikes in the mountains Nike Dunks, Air Jordans, Yeezy slides: Huskick’s club is all about sneakers Nike Dunks, Air Jordans, Yeezy slides: Huskick’s club is all about sneakers Video: The story and science behind Rupee Beer, a lager designed to be paired with Indian food Video: The story and science behind Rupee Beer, a lager designed to be paired with Indian food More in Lifestyle Law ‘There is a point of controversy’: Legal experts dissect Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling on Trump’s eligibility ‘There is a point of controversy’: Legal experts dissect Supreme Court’s unanimous ruling on Trump’s eligibility Integrity of ‘independent’ state traffic stop analysis questioned by Northeastern researcher who made opposite conclusions Integrity of ‘independent’ state traffic stop analysis questioned by Northeastern researcher who made opposite conclusions How should social media companies be regulated? Oral arguments in Texas, Florida cases rehash theories, draw new battle lines How should social media companies be regulated? Oral arguments in Texas, Florida cases rehash theories, draw new battle lines More in Law Arts & Entertainment How do you create a prize-winning snow sculpture? Just ask this Northeastern law grad who is digging his unique passion How do you create a prize-winning snow sculpture? Just ask this Northeastern law grad who is digging his unique passion New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history New book describes how Black Americans used the power of networks and allies to organize largest protests in nation’s history Beyoncé is the first Black female solo artist to top country music charts. Here’s why that’s significant Beyoncé is the first Black female solo artist to top country music charts. Here’s why that’s significant More in Arts & Entertainment Science & Technology Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Experimental antibiotic treatment for Lyme heads for human safety trials Experimental antibiotic treatment for Lyme heads for human safety trials Cyberattack on major health-tech company was caused by weak security infrastructure, Northeastern cybersecurity experts say Cyberattack on major health-tech company was caused by weak security infrastructure, Northeastern cybersecurity experts say More in Science & Technology Sports From Congo to Northeastern, the resilient journey of a basketball star NGN Magazine From Congo to Northeastern, the resilient journey of a basketball star ‘We wanted to be the team to get it done.’ Northeastern baseball team makes Major League effort against Boston Red Sox ‘We wanted to be the team to get it done.’ Northeastern baseball team makes Major League effort against Boston Red Sox Former Northeastern track athletes move on to next phase of running education as marathoners compete at US Olympic Trials NGN Magazine Former Northeastern track athletes move on to next phase of running education as marathoners compete at US Olympic Trials More in Sports Artificial intelligence Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Can AI help scientists develop drugs faster? Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI explores how the emerging technology is reshaping pharmaceutical development Artificial intelligence tools used for medical research powered by large language models could have helped cut that time in half. New alliance will lean on Northeastern researchers while using AI to revolutionize mobile networking New alliance will lean on Northeastern researchers while using AI to revolutionize mobile networking Northeastern joins a new alliance that will use AI to enhance mobile networking, promising faster data speeds. Ireland senior cabinet minister visits Northeastern to promote research partnership with University College Dublin Ireland senior cabinet minister visits Northeastern to promote research partnership with University College Dublin Northeastern and University College Dublin have extended their partnership to research global healthcare challenges. 2023 Commencement Maine Gov. Janet Mills celebrates ‘generation of new leaders’ during Roux Institute at Northeastern commencement Maine Gov. Janet Mills celebrates ‘generation of new leaders’ during Roux Institute at Northeastern commencement The 2023 commencement was a celebration of the Roux Institute’s focus on catalyzing Maine’s economy and its future. Northeastern University’s Seattle commencement a celebration of 433 lifelong learners Northeastern University’s Seattle commencement a celebration of 433 lifelong learners Northeastern University's Seattle commencement is one of several being held across the university’s global network. ‘We need your big heart.’ Northeastern University School of Law celebrates its 2023 graduates ‘We need your big heart.’ Northeastern University School of Law celebrates its 2023 graduates Northeastern School of Law gathered with the faculty, family and friends Friday in the Matthews Arena to celebrate the Class of 2023. Global University System From Congo to Northeastern, the resilient journey of a basketball star NGN Magazine From Congo to Northeastern, the resilient journey of a basketball star Motema, 16, had finished competing in a California youth tournament with two cousins when they were told they could not return home. Brain fuel Brain fuel Two students enjoy lunch on Adams Plaza at Northeastern’s Oakland campus. Maternity care is disappearing from rural Maine communities. How can we stop it? New study offers solutions Maternity care is disappearing from rural Maine communities. How can we stop it? New study offers solutions From training in C-sections to refresher courses for delivery nurses, a research report shows how rural maternity care units can thrive. In the Press Media Inquiries See All CVS, Walgreens to begin selling abortion pill this month If the Supreme Court were to uphold the lower court’s decision rolling back FDA rules on how the drug is distributed, the pharmacies would have to reverse their policy, according to Katie Kraschel, a Northeastern University law professor specializing in health policy. CBS Money Watch CVS and Walgreens to start selling abortion pills this month “However, later this month, the Supreme Court will hear arguments in a review of a decision by the Fifth Circuit that would dramatically restrict access to mifepristone,” Wendy Parmet, professor of law and co-director of Northeastern’s Center for Health Policy and Law told CBS MoneyWatch. TechTarget Elon Musk sues Sam Altman, OpenAI for breach of contract Another element of the lawsuit is that of unfair competition, according to Michael Bennett, AI law and policy advisor at Northeastern University. This speaks to OpenAI’s unusual structure, in which a for-profit company is embedded within a non-profit- entity. Seen Around A daily visual journey across our campuses. Let creativity flow News, Discovery, and Analysis from Around the World University News World News Science & Technology Arts & Entertainment Business Health Law Lifestyle Society & Culture Sports Contact Us Faculty Experts In the Press Media Inquiries Newsletter Parents & Families NGN Research NGN Magazine Search Stay Connected Subscribe Northeastern Monogram with Motto Large N with "Lux, Veritas, Virtus" overlayed © 2024 Northeastern University Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Tiktok Twitter Youtube