TermsFeed All-In-One: Privacy Policy, T&Cs, Cookie Consent Products Privacy Policy Generator Terms and Conditions Generator Privacy Consent (Cookie Consent) Cookies Policy Generator Disclaimer Generator EULA Generator Return and Refund Policy Generator Terms of Service Generator Terms of Use Generator Cookie Consent CCPA Opt-out I Agree Checkbox Embed Consent Templates Privacy Policy Template Terms & Conditions Template EULA Template Terms of Service Template Terms of Use Template Cookies Policy Template Disclaimer Template Return & Refund Policy Template Shipping Policy Template Service Level Agreement (SLA) Template Resources Blog Help Documentation FAQs Videos Dictionary E-books About Reviews How It Works Jobs Contact Search Search Log In Sign Up Stay up to date and compliant with privacy laws using TermsFeed. All-in-one compliance software that helps businesses get (and stay!) compliant with the law (GDPR, CCPA+CPRA, CalOPPA, and many more). Privacy Policy Generator If you want to collect personal data from users. Terms & Conditions Generator If you want to protect your business. Cookie Consent If you want cookie notice banner and user consent. And more And many more. Sign up today. People really like TermsFeed since 2012. Tens of thousands of people are already making the most out of TermsFeed solutions. TermsFeed - simplicity + cost efficiency + international spread = excellence! Odele S. Director Jan 30, 2023 Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates. https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/ Good Software - able to ensure compliance and get app deployed Brady B. Data Engineer Jan 25, 2023 Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates. https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/ I liked most about this software is that the platform is easy to use and understand. Shaka M. Owner Jan 25, 2023 Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates. https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/ TermsFeed is the best for app privacy policies and terms and conditions Basam A. Founder Jan 25, 2023 Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates. https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/ Great library of affordable options to support compliance Heather P. Partner Jan 24, 2023 Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates. https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/ These are amazing folks, great customer service and support. You would be missing out! Nigel R. Owner Jan 24, 2023 Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates. https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/ I love the little quiz that helped me determine which product I needed to solve my solution. Daniel M. Software Engineer Jan 24, 2023 Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates. https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/ I purchased my first EULA. I am quite impressed. Cool service. Jan 19, 2023 - Thomas Z. generated EULA All compliance solutions, with TermsFeed. TermsFeed gives you the professional solutions and services you need to get (and stay!) compliant with the law, so you can focus on your business. Privacy Policy Generator If you want to collect personal data from users. Terms and Conditions Generator If you want to protect your business. Privacy Consent If you want cookie notice banner and user consent. Cookies Policy Generator If you use cookies on your website. EULA Generator If you want to protect your app. Disclaimer Generator If you need a legal disclaimer or disclosure. Return and Refund Policy Generator If you have an ecommerce business. Terms of Service Generator If you want to protect your business. Terms of Use Generator If you want to protect your business. Other tools available: Cookie Consent CCPA Opt-out I Agree Checkbox Embed Consent Just the right compliance toolbox, at your fingerprints. TermsFeed helps you get (and stay!) compliant with the law with an easy-to-use and organized suite of tools and services. Agreements & Policies Generate Privacy Policies, Terms & Conditions, Disclaimers, EULAs and many other agreements & policies your business needs to get (and stay!) compliant with the law such as GDPR, CCPA+CPRA, CalOPPA and many more. Consent management Integrate our free tools for cookie consent or use our Privacy Consent, our all-in-one consent management platform for cookie & embed consent to comply with GDPR, CCPA+CPRA and more privacy laws. Stay up to date when laws change Stay up to date on when it's time to update your agreements & policies, get notified of new laws & regulations and get all the help you need, when you need it. Make it yours Customize what TermsFeed has to offer to match your specific business & brand style, from the actual agreements & policies built specifically for your business, to a cookie consent notice banner in your preferred colors. Worldwide compliance requirements, checked. A Privacy Policy agreement is required by law if you are collecting personal data from users. Terms & Conditions are required if you have user-generated content (among many other things!). A Disclaimer is required if you use affiliate links. Whatever you need, we've got you covered. United States Various US states such as CCPA+CPRA, require a Privacy Policy, opt-out mechanisms and more requirements to follow. Europe Regulations such as the GDPR and ePrivacy Directive require you to have a Privacy Policy, user consent for cookies and more requirements to follow. Canada Laws such as PIPEDA in Canada require you to have a Privacy Policy, opt-out mechanism and more requirements to follow. United Kingdom (UK) Various laws and regulations require you to have a Privacy Policy, Return & Refund, disclosures, opt-out mechanisms and more. Australia Australia privacy laws and regulations require you to have a Privacy Policy among various privacy requirements you need to follow. CCPA+CPRA California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the "CPRA") requires businesses to have a Privacy Policy. CalOPPA California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) requires businesses to have a Privacy Policy. GDPR General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires businesses from the EU or operating in the EU to have a Privacy Policy and get user consent. PIPEDA Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) requires businesses to have a Privacy Policy. Many more Support for more privacy laws around the world. Third party compliance requirements, checked. Third-party services and platforms require your business to comply with various legal requirements, including privacy laws or legal disclosures. For example, Google Analytics requires you to have a Privacy Policy and get user consent. Amazon requires an affiliate disclaimer, and so on. Google Analytics Google requires Privacy Policies and consent management for all websites using analytics tools. Apple App Store Apple requires all app developers to have a Privacy Policy, T&C or EULA that addresses user-generated content. Google Play Store Google requires all app developers to have a Privacy Policy among other requirements. PayPal PayPal requires businesses to comply with privacy laws & regulations, thus requiring a Privacy Policy. Google Ads Google Ads requires businesses to have a Privacy Policy and have consent management before using ad campaigns such as remarketing. Google AdSense Google AdSense requires all website owners to have a Privacy Policy and provide a consent notice to users before showing personalized ads. Facebook Facebook requires businesses to have a Privacy Policy if they run ad remarketing campaigns, have a Facebook Page or app. Amazon Amazon requires website owners that post affiliate links to have a proper affiliate disclaimer. What others say about us on the Internet. Don't just take our word for it, see what others are saying about TermsFeed on their own websites. "First, on our list, we have an all-rounder freemium tool for creating trusted legal agreements: TermsFeed." April 02, 2021 Read this review "Overall, TermsFeed is ideal for websites, apps, e-commerce stores, Facebook apps, software as a service (SaaS) apps, and a wide range of other settings." July 28, 2021 Read this review "TermsFeed has one of the most intuitive user interfaces we've encountered in generators of its kind." January 19, 2022 Read this review "TermsFeed does a great job of spitting out legalese without breaking a sweat." January 15, 2015 Read this review Expert insights on our blog. Legal knowledge in an easy to understand format to help your business stay compliant. Consent for Google Ads Personalization Any business that uses Google Ads to create personalized advertisements directed at individuals who live in the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or the United Kingdom (UK) needs to be aware of Google's new consent requirements for ad personalization. This article explains why consent is necessary for Google Ads personalization, the steps... CIPP Data Privacy Certificate: What it is and How to Get it As privacy and data protection laws proliferate with each passing year, an increasing number of organizations are seeking highly-trained privacy experts. Privacy professionals who pass a Certified Information Privacy Professional Data (CIPP) program and receive a data privacy certification stand out from the crowd, as a CIPP Data Privacy Certificate... CIPM Data Privacy Certificate: What it is and How to Get it As more companies work to develop systems that prioritize privacy protection, individuals who can incorporate Privacy by Design (PbD) principles into a comprehensive privacy program have become highly desirable by employers. Privacy professionals with a Certified Information Privacy Manager (CIPM) Data Privacy Certificate have the training necessary to establish and... Legal compliance is now a breeze. Comply with the law with our agreements, policies, tools and cookie consent banners. Everything you need is included. Sign Up Products Privacy Policy Generator Terms and Conditions Generator Cookies Policy Generator Disclaimer Generator EULA Generator Return and Refund Policy Generator Terms of Service Generator Terms of Use Generator Privacy Consent Cookie Consent CCPA Opt-out I Agree Checkbox Embed Consent Templates Privacy Policy Template Terms & Conditions Template EULA Template Terms of Service Template Terms of Use Template Cookies Policy Template Disclaimer Template Return & Refund Policy Template Shipping Policy Template Service Level Agreement (SLA) Template Resources Blog Help FAQs Videos Dictionary E-books Company How It Works Reviews About Pricing Jobs Contact Disclaimer: Legal information is not legal advice, read the disclaimer. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. Copyright © 2012 - 2024 TermsFeed®. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms of Use