Kotaku Australia | See Games Differently Pedestrian.TV Lifehacker Gizmodo The Chainsaw Vice Openair Cinemas Refinery29 kot-headerlogo-01 A U See Games Differently Subscribe EntertainmentEsportsXboxPlayStationNintendoPCMobilefeatureIn Real LifefeatureRetro ⛌ Search ⛌ Subscribe to our newsletter! Now you can get the top stories from Kotaku delivered to your inbox. Enter your email below. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Email address(Required) competitions and deals Alert me about competitions & deals Δ Advertisement Advertisement In Real Life Mass Effect’s Original Crew Is Reuniting For An Unexpected Mission Kenneth Shepard AAA Game Dev To Frustrated Fans: ‘We’re Human Beings’ Zack Zwiezen Star Wars Galaxies Was ‘No Man’s Sky In 2003,’ Says MMO Legend Tom Regan ICYMI Top Posts & PagesFinal Fantasy VII Rebirth's Moogles Are My New Sleep Paralysis DemonEmily SpindlerAustralia's Blowfish Studios Reportedly Undergoing 'Significant Layoffs'Emily SpindlerStop Telling People They Can Play Final Fantasy VII Rebirth Without RemakeKenneth Shepard Want Kotaku’s email newsletter? Email address(Required) competitions and deals Alert me about competitions & deals Δ By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Follow us, subscribe and get in touch contact facebook X instagram youtube twitch feed Deals The Best Gaming Deals In Australia Today These Are The Cheapest NBN Plans Available Right Now Animal Crossing LEGO Has Arrived In Australia And Shut Up And Take My Bells JB Hi-Fi 2-For-$30 Sale Has Discounts On Some Big 2023 Hits And Curiosities [Updated] Here Are The Cheapest Copies Of Final Fantasy VII Rebirth In Australia Advertisement Sponsored Articles Advertisement In Real Life 1 hour ago After Suicide Squad ‘Disappoints,’ WB Still Wants More Live-Service Games Willa Rowe In Real Life 16 hours ago Australia’s Blowfish Studios Reportedly Undergoing ‘Significant Layoffs’ Emily Spindler In Real Life 16 hours ago 65 Days Into 2024 And 8300+ Video Game Layoffs Have Been Announced Zack Zwiezen 11 We’re now 62 days into the new year and layoffs have already caused the video games industry to shrink by 8,300+ jobs. In Real Life 16 hours ago Dune: Awakening Gameplay Reveal Shows An Unforgiving Arrakis (And Lots Of Sandworms) Emily Spindler In Real Life 16 hours ago Do You Know What A Video Van Man Is? It’s Important David Smith 7 In Real Life 18 hours ago Final Fantasy VII Rebirth Romance And Dating Guide Claire Jackson How to get a date with Tifa. In Real Life 19 hours ago Stop Telling People They Can Play Final Fantasy VII Rebirth Without Remake Kenneth Shepard 1 PlayStation 20 hours ago One Man Army: Helldivers 2 Devs Knew Some Might Hate Its Galactic Overlord Emily Spindler 2 In Real Life 20 hours ago How To Steal The Tonberry King’s Crown In FF7 Rebirth Claire Jackson Get that crown. In Real Life 21 hours ago WWE 2K24 Review Roundup: Closer To A Face Than A Heel David Smith Advertisement © 2007 – 2024 Pedestrian Group AboutKotaku and games. Games and Kotaku. They’d be one in the same in every lexicon on the planet if it were humanly possible. Whether it’s the latest info on a new game, or hot gossip on the industry’s movers, shakers and smashers, you’ll find it all here and nicely packaged at Kotaku. The Australian edition of Kotaku is focused on taking all this fantastic news and crafting it into a tasty treat for all you Aussies and Kiwis. Sure, you could mosey over to the US site, but you’d miss out on all the juicy gaming goodness that’s relevant – and important – to you. If you’d like to contact Kotaku with suggestions, comments, or product announcements, you can email us at tips@kotaku.com.au. Kotaku Australia is published by Allure Media in association with Gawker Media. Got a game you think we should be looking at? Contact editor@kotaku.com.au or send it to: Kotaku AustraliaLevel 4, 71 Macquarie StSydney NSW 2000 So, uh, what exactly is this ‘blog’ thing? We’d love to say it’s some magical technology developed in secret by Thomas Edison parallel to his work with electricity, but it wasn’t. Essentially, we take the mess of info coming out…AdvertiseContactEditorial To contact our editors, email tips AT kotaku.com.au or post to Kotaku Australia, Level 4, 71 Macquarie St, Sydney NSW 2000. Advertising To advertise on Kotaku Australia, contact our sales team via our advertising information website. Technical Something not looking quite right? Contact our tech team by email at office AT alluremedia.com.au. About Us For more information about Kotaku Australia, visit our about page.Privacy PolicyTerms of Use