Helping Writers Become Authors - Write your best story. Change your life. Astound the world. MenuHelping Writers Become AuthorsWrite your best story. Change your life. Astound the world.Home Start Here! About Store Contact Story Structure Database Outlining Your Novel Story Structure Character Arcs Archetypal Characters Scene Structure Common Writing Mistakes Storytelling According to Marvel Home Start Here! Store About Contact Story Structure Database K.M. Weiland Site Guided meditations just for writers! Use these archetypal journeys to dive deep into your subconscious creativity and your own instinctive understanding of characters and plot! Buy the full set of six and get one free! March 4, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 35 Comments Characters6 Tips to Write Deeply Emotional Fiction In the tumultuous sea of storytelling, where the tides of emotion ebb and flow, writers get to discover the profound art of learning how to write deeply emotional fiction. Emotions are the vibrant threads that weave a connection between characters’ souls and readers’ hearts. To navigate this intricate terrain, let us uncover six tools to […] February 26, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 59 Comments CharactersHow to Use Antagonists in Your Story: The Right Way and the Wrong Way How to use antagonists in your story is a critical skill that can either elevate or undermine your entire story. In many ways, antagonists are the true architects of unforgettable plots, and as you navigate the path between narrative brilliance and potential pitfalls, the art of utilizing your story’s antagonists becomes crucial to success. When […] February 19, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 26 Comments BackstoryA Writer’s Comprehensive Guide to Backstory Hello, welcome to Everything You Need to Know About Backstory! I’m K.M. Weiland, and you are listening to the Helping Writers Become Authors podcast or watching it because this is also a video post. This video is in answer to a question from SW, who asked: “I’m interested in how you figure out how to […] February 12, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 25 Comments Editing Your Novel12 Places to Find a Beta Reader (Updated) “Where can I find a beta reader or critique partner?” Without doubt, that’s the second most frequent question I receive from writers, right after where do I find a good editor?. This can be a tough question to answer for the simple reason that a beta reader or critique partner isn’t someone you simply vet […] February 5, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 31 Comments Marketing Your NovelBurned Out on the Business of Writing? 6 Insights to Rediscover Joy and Passion In the ever-evolving landscape of the writing profession, where deadlines loom large and market trends shift like shadows, it’s not uncommon for writers to find themselves engulfed in the relentless flames of burnout. The business of writing, with its demands for marketability and strategic branding, can sometimes obscure the very essence of what drew us […] January 29, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 51 Comments Marketing Your Novel5 Reasons Marketing Is Hard for Writers Say the word “marketing” to a group of writers, and you’re likely to elicit a groan. Almost anyone with dreams of seeing a book in print can relate to the deflation experienced when it becomes clear that simply writing an excellent book isn’t enough to sell any notable number of copies. Sooner or later, any […] January 22, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 28 Comments Plotting Your NovelWriting Multiple Plotlines: Everything You Need to Know Note From KMW: Hello and welcome to today’s post, in which I am trying something a bit different! Chances are you have either written or considered writing multiple plotlines in a story. These versatile and multi-faceted stories are all the rage (they always were—just ask Dickens!). But adding complexity to what is already the wonderfully […] January 15, 2024 by C.S. Lakin | @cslakin 14 Comments Characters7 Tips to Craft Compelling Character Motivation in Fiction From KMW: As “the lie that tells the truth,” fiction only works when it is able to present a reasonable facsimile of reality. At the level of plot, it does this by creating a string of causes and effects that feel plausible. The foundation of this plausibility is the greatest “cause” of them all: character motivation. […] January 8, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 32 Comments CharactersLessons From 2023: 5 Reflections on “Flat Arc” Periods Welcome to 2024! And welcome to what has become a yearly tradition here at Helping Writers Become Authors. Every January, I write a New Year’s post in which I look back at the year that has passed and reflect on its major themes, lessons, and gifts. When I began this little ritual six years ago, […] January 1, 2024 by K.M. Weiland | @KMWeiland 12 Comments NewsTop 10 Writing Posts of 2023 Happy New Year, everyone! Welcome to 2024! For me, 2023 was an incredibly productive year. What makes me most pleased and proud is that I feel I was able to return to a high level of productivity in a way that honored everything I’ve learned from the severe burnout I experienced in previous years. Above […] 1 2 3 … 151 » Helping Writers Become AuthorsNovel Outlining Story Structure Character Arcs Archetypal Characters Scene Structure Common Writing Mistakes Storytelling Lessons From Marvel As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Write Your Best Book (affiliate link) (affiliate link) (affiliate link) (affiliate link) (affiliate link) Check out my latest novel! (affiliate link) 2014-2023 Free E-Book Currently Free at: Amazon (affiliate link) | Kobo | Apple | Smashwords | My Store FacebookInstagramPinterestTwitterYouTube Welcome! I'm K.M. Weiland, the award-winning and internationally published author of acclaimed writing guides, such as Structuring Your Novel and Creating Character Arcs. I write historical and speculative fiction and mentor authors. Read More Subscribe to Blog Updates Subscribe To Blog Posts RSS Email CAPTCHA Δ Sign Up for K.M. Weiland’s E-Letter and Get a Free E-Book Email CAPTCHA Δ Love Helping Writers Become Authors? Categories Categories Select Category Backstory Beginning Your Book Chapter Breaks Characters Description Dialogue Editing Your Novel Foreshadowing How to Become a Writer How to Become an Author Marketing Your Novel Most Common Writing Mistakes Narrative News Novel Endings Outlining Your Novel Plotting Your Novel Podcast Point of View Prose Researching Your Novel Story Settings Structuring Your Novel Theme Uncategorized Writer’s Help Writing Inspiration Writing Life Writing Resources Site Policy Return to top of pageCopyright © 2016 · Helping Writers Become Authors · Built by Varick Design