US Immigration Reform: Stop Illegal Immigration | FAIR Skip to main navigation We Need Your Help! FAIR is fighting to restore common sense border controls and immigration policies that work for America and its future. America’s immigration and border controls have fallen apart due to ineffective leadership from Washington. We face a true national emergency! There is no time to lose. But we can’t fight this battle alone. WE NEED YOU TO TAKE ACTION NOW! Can we count on you for a donation or even a monthly contribution? Whether it’s $25, $50, $100 or more, the action you take now will help us continue the fight for an America we can be proud of for generations to come. Donate Today × Federation for American Immigration Reform About About FAIR Mission, Vision, Values Board of Directors FAIR Staff Financials Immigration Reform Law Institute Career Opportunities Contact Us Issues Immigration Issues Amnesty Legal Immigration Illegal Immigration Border Security Sanctuary Policies National Security Workforce & Economy Population & Environment Societal Impact Popular Topics Illegal Alien Crime Asylum Companies That Hire H-1B Workers E-Verify History of U.S. Immigration Laws News Legislative Articles Legislation and Policy Presidential Administration Federal Legislation State & Local Policy FAIR Take Articles FAIR Media Media Inquiries Newsletters Press Releases Published Opinion Press Kits Videos Podcasts Blog Research Recent Studies Country Brief: Venezuela How Many Illegal Aliens Are in the United States? 2023 Update FAIR Cost Study of Illegal Immigration The Cost of Mass Immigration on Public Education More Publications Get Involved Take Action Activist Resources How to Report Illegal Aliens Join Our Activist Network Give Donate Planned Giving Other Ways to Support FAIR Donate Keywords Sort by RelevanceDate Text Resize 100% LG XL XXL Menu Illegal Border Crossings Today: Our Mission FAIR’s mission is to examine immigration trends and effects, to educate the American people on the impacts of sustained high-volume immigration, and to discern, put forward, and advocate immigration policies that will best serve American environmental, societal, and economic interests today and into the future. Secretary Mayorkas: Betraying the American People FAIR’s resource page detailing how Secretary Mayorkas has willfully created the disaster at our southern border. Activist Toolkit for H.R. 2, Legislation on Border Security and Immigration Enforcement House Republicans kept their promise to the American people and unveiled H.R. 2, the Secure the Border Act of 2023 to stop the Biden border crisis and end catch-and-release. The bill will end the policies in place that are causing the historic humanitarian crisis at the border while protecting Americans from dangerous narcotics, cartel violence, and national security threats. Most importantly, it will stop President Biden and the open-borders advocates from abusing our immigration system! Published Opinion Sen. Cruz and Dan Stein: Chuck Schumer Will Kill Mayorkas’s Senate Trial to Hide the Truth By all indications, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer is planning to bury the articles of impeachment against Homeland Security secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, and attempting to do so without ever holding a trial. Latest Immigration News Laken Riley’s Murder Spurs Georgia to Take Action on Sanctuary Policies March 03, 2024 Athens-Clarke County, Georgia, has been shielding criminal aliens for years. With the murder of Laken Riley, the Georgia legislature is now considering legislation to end sanctuary policies and force cooperation with federal officials. House Delays Sending Impeachment to Senate to Address Funding Battle March 03, 2024 House Republican leadership elected to delay sending the articles of impeachment against Secretary Mayorkas to the Senate while it undertakes a battle on government funding. But when it does, Leader Schumer is expected to table the articles. Biden and Trump Visit the Border, Spar over Immigration Policy March 03, 2024 Presidents Biden and Trump visited the U.S.-Mexico border in Texas on the same day, pointing fingers and proposing very different solutions. Controversy Brews Over California’s Housing Assistance Program for Illegal Aliens March 03, 2024 California may have a deficit of over $72 billion, but that won't keep the Golden State from extending millions in housing assistance to illegal aliens. Assembly Bill 1840 aims to expand eligibility to a popular state-funded loan program to help illegal aliens put a down payment on a house. New Poll: Immigration Number One Concern for Americans March 03, 2024 A new survey finds that Americans believe immigration is the number one problem facing the country today. Police Arrest Illegal Alien for Murder of Georgia Nursing Student; Arrest Brother for Immigration Fraud February 26, 2024 Last Friday, Georgia police arrested Jose Ibarra, a 26 year-old illegal alien from Venezuela, for the murder of nursing student Laken Riley in Athens, Georgia. Earlier that day, Ms. Riley’s body was found with “visible injuries” near the University of Georgia campus after a friend called to report she had not returned after going for a jog that morning. According to the Athens-Clarke County Police Chief, Ms. Riley died of blunt force trauma. Biden Expands Protected Status to Syrians on U.S. Soil February 25, 2024 Secretary Mayorkas extends and redesignates Temporary Protected Status for Syrian nationals in the U.S., making 2,500 more aliens eligible for relief from deportation. All told, more than 1.4 million foreign nationals are eligible for this special status because of decisions made by the Biden Administration. States Push Bills to Allow Illegal Aliens to Become Police Officers February 25, 2024 The disturbing trend by states toward allowing illegal aliens to become law enforcement officers has continued this legislative session. Open-border states like California, Colorado, and Illinois have passed laws, and now Virginia and Wisconsin are considering bills that would negate the U.S. citizenship requirement to become a law enforcement officer. Biden Reverses Course, Contemplates Executive Action to Address Border Crisis February 25, 2024 After first denying even the existence of a border crisis, then blaming Congress for not giving him the authority to act, President Biden is rumored to be considering the use of longstanding executive authority laid out in law. White House Threatens Mass Release of Illegal Aliens February 19, 2024 In response to a failed vote in the U.S. Senate on an immigration deal, the Administration has drafted plans to release thousands of detained aliens and reduce detention capacity from 38,000 beds to 22,000. Biden Issues Order Shielding Palestinians from Deportation February 19, 2024 President Biden issued a memorandum to the Secretary of Homeland Security, directing him to halt the deportation of Palestinians currently in the U.S. for a period of 18 months. He also authorized the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to grant these aliens work permits. House Impeaches Mayorkas, Fate in Senate Uncertain February 19, 2024 The House of Representatives voted to impeach DHS Secretary Mayorkas by a vote of 214-213, representing the first impeachment of a cabinet member since 1876. The impeachment will now move to the Senate where members will decide whether to convict or acquit.​ Recent Blogs Could There Actually be a Little Common Sense Emerging in This Infamous Sanctuary County? By FAIR Staff - March 05, 2024 Creighton Abrams Jr, the late United States Army General who commanded military operations in Vietnam, once advised, “The only way to eat an elephant is one bite at a time.” That quip may aptly depict the mammoth challenge of fixing illegal immigration problems in Montgomery County, Maryland. When, If Ever, is Enough, Enough? By FAIR Staff - February 29, 2024 It’s not your imagination, nor media hype; Biden’s Border Crisis is really, really bad, spiraling out of control, more and more in recent weeks. Watchdog Report Details Major Safety Concerns for Unaccompanied Alien Children By Kari Jacobson - February 23, 2024 Last week, the HHS OIG released a report raising safety concerns over the federal government's failure to vet sponsors who take in unaccompanied minors after they cross the border. The report, entitled “Gaps in Sponsor Screening and Follow-up Raise Safety Concerns for Unaccompanied Children," focuses on the operations of ORR– the department within HHS responsible for the custody and welfare of UACs – between March and April of 2021.​ Sanctuary City Tactic: The Longer You’re Here the More Likely You Get to Stay By FAIR Staff - February 21, 2024 Open-border politicians who welcome illegal aliens and later advocate for mass amnesty, understand perfectly the concept, “the-longer-they’re-here-the-less-likely-they’ll-ever-leave.” Pushing yet another tactic designed to this end, 40 mayors and county executives from across America recently sent a letter to Department of Homeland Security Secretary (DHS) Alejandro Mayorkas, and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director Ur Jaddou, demanding extensions for existing migrant work permits. Former Immigration Judge Schools Open-Borders Congressman on Immigration Law 101 By Pawel Styrna - February 20, 2024 Yes, the President has the legal authority to end the border crisis RIGHT NOW, shows IRLI's Matt O'Brien, a former immigration judge, during a House hearing. Open-Borders Policies Allow Record Numbers of Chinese Nationals into the United States By Kari Jacobson - February 16, 2024 The Biden Administration’s open-borders policies have set records that no one should be proud of, the most notable of which is a historic amount of illegal encounters: 8.5 million illegal aliens at our borders over just three years, plus 1.8 million “gotaways.” One Sure Prediction: Mass-Immigration Special Interests will be Dependably Wrong By FAIR Staff - February 14, 2024 Hyperbole, unsubstantiated claims, and outright whoppers are standard operating procedure for mass immigration advocates, particularly when they fight common-sense legislation put forth by responsible public officials trying to protect their communities. FAIR Responds to the Wall Street Journal By FAIR Staff - February 12, 2024 Barely 24 hours after Senate negotiators released their “border security deal,” the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal published an editorial extolling its virtues titled "A Border Security Bill Worth Passing." This is FAIR's rebuttal explaining why the bill is bad policy New Hampshire Anti-Sanctuary Push Embodies the Spirit of, “If At First You Don’t Succeed, Try, Try Again.” By FAIR Staff - February 08, 2024 With President Biden refusing to fix - in fact facilitating - the largest border crisis in American history, stopping sanctuary policies at the local and state level to mitigate impact and protect citizens seems like a no-brainer. Illegal Aliens Caught on Video Allegedly Beating Police, Immediately Released Without Bail By Joey Chester - February 02, 2024 These are the words of New York City Mayor Eric Adams. Last year, the Mayor of America’s largest sanctuary city predicted the border crisis would destroy his city, and it looks like that is coming true. Horrifying security camera footage shows a mob of migrants allegedly beating NYPD officers near Times Square. Americans Deserve a Say in Mass Migrant Resettlement By FAIR Staff - February 02, 2024 Planning a responsible annual budget involves diligently analyzing income and predicting expenditures, whether around the kitchen table, or governmentally at the local, state, or federal level. Central Asia: Illegal Migration and the Terror Threat By Michael McManus - February 01, 2024 Central Asia is a catch-all term for the ‘Stans’ group of countries once part of the Soviet Union: Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. They have a combined area nearly six times larger than Texas and a population four times larger than the state of New York, but this large region contributed very few immigrants to the U.S. until quite recently. What You Can Do FAIR makes it easy to stay close to the action. Whether you’re interested in the national view or the impact immigration reform has on your local or regional community, FAIR can help you get involved through: Information and updates on major legislation Meeting with congressional staff Big picture updates on how immigration reform is evolving Plus, we’ll show you ways you can stay involved in your community through: Legislation updates that directly impact your local scene Contact with your local FAIR Activist Representative Ways you can stay on the front lines right from home Get Involved – Stay Involved Stay informed with the latest immigration news by receiving our weekly FAIR Take email, monthly newsletter, and more! First Name * Last Name * Email Address * What You Need to Know About Immigration Amnesty Amnesty is usually understood as the granting of legal status to a foreign national who illegally entered the United States or illegally overstayed their work or travel visa. More About Amnesty Illegal Immigration Each year, millions of aliens deliberately violate our nation’s laws by unlawfully crossing U.S. borders. More About Illegal Immigration Immigration and National Security Maintaining an acceptable level of National Security is dependent on ensuring that strong immigration policies are in force. More About Immigration and National Security Legal Immigration At FAIR, we believe that a well thought-out and well-enforced immigration policy plays an important role in helping maintain the quality of life in America. More About Legal Immigration © Copyright 2024 Federation for American Immigration Reform, All Rights Reserved 25 Massachusetts Ave. NW Ste. 330, Washington, DC 20001 Phone: (202) 328-7004 Fax: 202.387.3447Please remember FAIR in your estate plans. DONATE Stay Connected Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Pinterest Footer Home Privacy Policy Contact Us Sitemap About About FAIR Mission, Vision, Values Career Opportunities Contact Us Financials Meet The Team Our Spokespeople Meet the President FAIR Staff Board of Directors Immigration Reform Law Institute Issues Immigration Issues Amnesty Legal Immigration Illegal Immigration Border Security Sanctuary Policies National Security Workforce & Economy Population & Environment Societal Impact Popular Topics Illegal Alien Crime Asylum Companies That Hire H-1B Workers E-Verify History of U.S. Immigration Laws News Legislative Articles Legislation and Policy Presidential Administration Federal Legislation State & Local Policy FAIR Take Articles FAIR Media Press Releases Published Opinion Newsletters Podcasts Press Kits Media Inquiries Videos Research Recent Studies Country Brief: Venezuela How Many Illegal Aliens Are in the United States? 2023 Update FAIR Cost Study of Illegal Immigration The Cost of Mass Immigration on Public Education More Publications Blog Get Involved Take Action Activist Resources How to Report Illegal Aliens Join Our Activist Network Support FAIR Donate Planned Giving Other Ways to Support FAIR