FulcrumTech: A Full Service Email Marketing Agency Newsletter FulcrumTech 1Develop a Strategy 2Demand Generation 3Lead Nurturing 4Engagement Full Service Email-Marketing AgencyIntelligent Emails. Data-Driven Success.Email marketing built for your business. Your ROI is our mission. Here's how our email-marketing agency makes it happen. 1 Introducing ROI Goalsetter® Discover what a few simple tweaks could do for your bottom line. Your email-marketing agency should be obsessed with your ROI. We’re so passionate about generating results, we track every single email we send. After over ten years of experience as a dedicated email-marketing agency, FulcrumTech is opening up ROI Goalsetter to everyone for free. Now you can also use our treasured financial modeling tools and integrations to see which tweaks will have the biggest measurable impact on your email return on investment—and which won’t. Should you focus on your list size? Your open rate? Your click-through rate? Your inactive-user rate? Or something entirely different? Sign up free today! 2 The ROI Road Map You have a revenue goal. We have a map for that. FulcrumTech's ROI Roadmap is a custom email-marketing analysis of your current digital-marketing strategy to discover what's working and what's not, and provide you with our agency's sharpest recommendations and digital-marketing solutions for improving your ROI on every level—step by step, starting now. Get started today! 3 Targeted Email-Marketing Strategy Services We don't just build email-marketing campaigns. We build companies. Yours. Our email-marketing agency will help you create, design, test, and flawlessly execute an expert digital strategy that can–and will–change everything. (And we’ll prove it.) From automation to increasing customer engagement, check out our services and email-marketing campaigns below: Email Promotions Make a seductive offer. We’ll help you find the right offer, test the alternatives, and then design and optimize email-marketing templates to deliver your prospects and clients the one deal they won't be able to resist. You have my ear... Drip Email Campaigns Because relevancy converts. Timing really is everything. Our agency's "drip" marketing campaigns deliver the right email at the right (strategic) time: exactly when your prospects are most likely to buy. More on that Triggered Marketing Campaigns Their actions trigger yours. Welcome to the closest you’ll get to reading your customer’s mind. Engage customers based on what they’ve been clicking on with creative responsive-design marketing emails. Entirely automated to make it easy and customized to make your customers say yes. More, please! Shopping Cart Abandonment Your revenue's worst nightmare 59.8%: The shocking percentage of sales you're losing every day when customers abandon their carts. They're the people you found, nurtured, and almost sold. We’re not in the business of almost. Work with our email-marketing agency to make sure they don’t check out before they checkout. I need that Reengagement Marketing Emails Are your customers lost at sea? Bad news: You lose 25% of your subscribers every year due to inactivity alone. Recapture the interest of this tricky audience segment, and earn back the attention of the subscribers you never meant to let go. Tell me more 4 Custom Email Marketing: Once you get them engaged, You need to keep them engaged. You've drawn the right crowd; now you just have to entertain it. The result? One-time customers turn into loyal, loving ones. And you? Turn the revenue up–while keeping costs down. Keep them engaged with FulcrumTech We show our business-to-business and business-to-consumer clients what email ROI really means. We regularly partner with business leaders in media publishing, healthcare, e-commerce, universities, and more... The FulcrumTech Marketing Team FulcrumTech is an email-marketing agency based in the Greater Philadelphia area. We help our clients create and manage email campaigns and automated digital-marketing programs. Our email-marketing services include email optimization strategy, digital design, multi-channel integration including social media, and email-service provider selection and implementation services. From digital strategists to data analysts, we aren't just an email-marketing agency. We're an email-marketing powerhouse and we're crazy for results. YOUR results. Learn more about us Resources Soak up our free digital-marketing tips. June 25, 2018 Email Campaign Metrics—What They Really Mean When It Comes to Measuring Your Email-Marketing Success Is your email marketing working? What areas of your program need to be improved to reach your performance goals? Here are 8 email campaign metrics that are key to measuring... Read more June 22, 2018 HTML Tables in Emails—Everything You Need to Know One of the biggest challenges in designing an HTML email is ensuring that it displays consistently for all users, across all email clients. That’s where using HTML tables for coding... Read more See more resources Sign Up for NewsLever Our free, monthly email newsletter NewsLever is our free, monthly e-newsletter for B2B and B2C professionals who want to develop and implement powerful email-marketing campaigns that build relationships with prospects and customers. Email Address* First Name*Company Send me announcements about new content, upcoming webinars, and service offerings. EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Sign up This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Privacy Policy|Learn More|Current Issue Home About Us About Us Overview Press Releases Case Studies Reviews Careers Services Strategic Planning & Assessment 10 Point Assessment Email Campaign Management Campaign Development Email Service Providers Listrak Lyris HQ™ Maropost Salesforce Marketing Cloud Email Deliverability Book CEO Mitch Lapides to Speak Products IntelliSents ROI Goalsetter Resources Coding emails Copywriting Design Email & web analytics Email campaign strategy Email distribution & deliverability Email optimization Financial modeling Get the Click Landing page optimization Lead generation List building & segmentation Mobile Social media Trigger and nurturing campaigns Contact Copyright © 2024 FulcrumTech, LLC. All rights reserved. Home About Us About Us Overview Press Releases Case Studies FulcrumTech Reviews Careers Services Strategic Planning & Assessment 10 Point Assessment Email Campaign Management Campaign Development Email Service Providers Listrak Lyris HQ™ Maropost Salesforce Marketing Cloud Email Deliverability Book CEO Mitch Lapides to Speak Products IntelliSents ROI Goalsetter Resources Articles Downloads Contact FulcrumTech Your browser is out-of-date! Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now Close