CalMatters - California Politics, Policy, and Political News Your one-stop resource for election coverage Your go-to for election news Sign up for our free weekly newsletter to follow key races in California. Sign up for our free weekly newsletter to follow key races in California. By signing up, you agree to the terms. Your go-to election guide Your go-to election guide Our reporters are covering the key races in California. Sign up for our free daily morning newsletter. Our reporters are covering the key California races. Sign up for daily updates. By signing up, you agree to the terms. Nonprofit, nonpartisan state news. About Us Newsletters Donate About Newsletters Search Politics Elections Justice Environment Economy Health Housing Education 2024 Voter Guide Inequality Legislator Tracker Commentary Daily Newsletter Explainers Series Data & Trackers Programs CalMatters for Learning Youth Journalism College Journalism Network California Divide Events Donate Newsletters CalMatters en Español About Us Impact News and Awards Funding Policies Sponsorship Our Team Jobs Inside the Newsroom CalMatters is your nonprofit and nonpartisan newsroom dedicated to explaining how state government impacts our lives. Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Elections Politics Justice Economy Education Housing Environment Health Inequality Commentary Home Who will make the top two in California’s U.S. Senate primary? by Yue Stella Yu LIVE EVENTS Free CalMatters events Live journalism about current topics with local elected leaders and topical experts, in person and livestream. Register now → Californians are voting on Prop. 1, Gavin Newsom’s mental health plan. Here’s what it does by Kristen Hwang K-12 Education California schools gained billions during COVID-19. Now the money is running out by Carolyn Jones Justice No parole for youth with life sentences, California Supreme Court rules by Nigel Duara K-12 Education Despite college aspirations, Native American students find it hard to leave home by Carolyn Jones Who’s running? What’s on the ballot? Where do I vote? Everything Californians need to know before Election Day → Commentary Spotlight High-speed rail: From ‘train to nowhere’ to Fresno’s dream If you listen to the political class, the project is a boondoggle. In California’s farm belt, the discourse is different. CalMatters Explains Reparations Homelessness Crisis High Cost of Housing Hunger and Food Insecurity Opioid Crisis Bills made law, 2023 Abortion Access Worsening Wildfires See all explainers CalMatters en Español Las políticas públicas y las leyes de California, explicadas. Aprende Más “The CalMatters Voter Guide helps us immeasurably every election.” David & Dawn, Glendale Featured CalMatters Members Members make our mission possible. Donate HEALTH Gavin Newsom hits the road for Prop. 1 as support falls for his mental health measure by Kristen Hwang and Nigel Duara PROJECT SPOTLIGHT Vast stretches of California lose maternity care as dozens of hospitals shut labor wards by Ana B. Ibarra, Kristen Hwang and Erica Yee California gives new moms extra Medi-Cal benefits. It can’t say who’s using them by Kristen Hwang California voters will decide on Newsom’s mental health overhaul. How did we get here? by Jocelyn Wiener California offered $57 million to help this hospital reopen. Now, it finally has a plan by Ana B. Ibarra She opened a business to deliver babies. California policies drove her out of the country by Kristen Hwang A bankrupt California hospital left a health care desert. Two medical groups move to reopen it by Ana B. Ibarra California wants to cap your medical bills. Guess who’s pushing back. by Ana B. Ibarra An initiative promised 20,000 homes for mentally ill Californians. It delivered far less by Jocelyn Wiener, Marisa Kendall, Kristen Hwang and Erica Yee Explainer How California created the nation’s easiest abortion access — and why it’s going further Commentary Despite Newsom veto, California should still provide free condoms to public school students A bill that would’ve required public schools to give students access to free condoms was vetoed by Gov. Gavin Newsom, but young advocates worried about the rise in sexually transmitted infections are vowing to keep pushing for access. POLITICS AND THE CAPITOL Legislators wanted 1,100 reports on how California’s laws are working. Most haven’t arrived by Sameea Kamal and Jeremia Kimelman PROJECT SPOTLIGHT Glass House: California Legislator Tracker Learn more about your lawmakers California’s fast food workers are getting a raise. But the labor-industry truce is fraying by Jeanne Kuang Why California election workers are returning after COVID and conspiracy theories by Sameea Kamal What would Adam Schiff do as California’s U.S. senator? by Yue Stella Yu Gavin Newsom faces another recall attempt. Will it do any better than 2021? by Alexei Koseff What California voters want to know about the 2024 election by CalMatters What would Barbara Lee do as California’s U.S. senator? by Yue Stella Yu Why does California elect local judges? by Sameea Kamal Which bills did Gavin Newsom sign into new California laws? Commentary California is seeing a historic rise in the number of Black women running for office At least 24 Black women are running for seats in the California Legislature this year, resulting from years of work cultivating new leaders and growing confidence among voters. Decades of progress are at stake. California voters must reject mental health ballot measure California voters are deciding the fate of Proposition 1, which appears on the March primary ballot. A mental health advocate says the proposal is a taxpayer giveaway to private facilities and will gut effective programs. ECONOMY Tech-billionaire promises for a new city, from roads to water, are worth hundreds of millions of dollars — if they’re binding by Levi Sumagaysay and Ben Christopher Tech boom has slowed, but there are still more Silicon Valley jobs than before the pandemic by Levi Sumagaysay Academy with millions of dollars in government funding helps hospitality workers get better jobs by Levi Sumagaysay Police want drones in car chases. How SF’s Prop E could affect that by Khari Johnson Bill package takes aim at AI and elections by Khari Johnson California plans to use AI to answer your tax questions by Khari Johnson Explainer California new laws for 2024: Consumer protection beefed up Commentary How long will California lawmakers let tech companies make them look like fools? Lawmakers in California and elsewhere can no longer take the tech industry’s word when their armies of lobbyists make the case that they police themselves and shouldn’t be held accountable. The basis for that trust is nonexistent. COMMENTARY Orange County feud shows how school boards became a key front for culture wars Guest Commentary Private equity giants worsen California’s housing crisis. Why are we giving them public dollars? University of California leaders invest billions of dollars in private equity giants that worsen housing affordability, directly impacting workers and students. If elected officials say they really want to confront the housing crisis, they should spend these public dollars on solutions instead. Supreme Court homelessness case holds extra significance for Black Californians The long history of redlining and downzoning helped create the racial disparities in California’s homeless population. The barriers impeding housing development and access for Black communities must be addressed – and fast. We want to hear from you! Want to submit a guest commentary or reaction to an article we wrote? You can find our submission guidelines here. For questions, please email commentary@calmatters.org or call (916) 234-3081. DAN WALTERS Gavin Newsom is unpopular, but a second recall drive is doomed for failure Five years into his governorship, fewer than half of Californian adults approve of Gavin Newsom’s performance. Still, a second recall drive is doomed for failure. CALIFORNIA DIVIDE A statewide media collaboration to raise awareness about poverty and income inequality through in-depth journalism and community outreach. Sign up for the Inequality Insights newsletter. Wage theft whack-a-mole: California workers win judgments against bosses but still don’t get paid Explainer How hungry is California? Millions struggle to eat well in an abundant state by Rya Jetha, Jeanne Kuang and Jeremia Kimelman It’s the only store for dozens of miles. PG&E’s latest rate hikes could put it out of business Commentary California foster youth and COVID orphans gaining a sense of hope from trust fund program A California program providing trust funds, or “baby bonds,” for foster youth and COVID orphans is giving traumatized young people a chance to pursue their dreams just like everyone else. Voting rights: California lawmakers may translate more ballots, help more non-English-speakers to vote by Justo Robles Border Patrol is dropping off hundreds of migrants at San Diego trolley station after welcome center closes by Wendy Fry 10 years after promise, California still hasn’t included undocumented immigrants in cell phone subsidies by Alejandra Reyes-Velarde California’s fast food workers gain new, first-of-its-kind union to represent them by Alejandra Reyes-Velarde Is California’s workplace safety agency protecting farmworkers? Legislators want to know by Jeanne Kuang Last chance to apply for this high-speed internet subsidy by Khari Johnson HOUSING Not your grandma’s granny flat: How San Diego hacked state housing law to build ADU ‘apartment buildings’ by Ben Christopher Californians: Here’s why your housing costs are so high by Manuela Tobias, Matt Levin and Ben Christopher Los Angeles’ one weird trick to build affordable housing at no public cost by Ben Christopher Commentary California foster youth often slip through the cracks. Cutting their rental support won’t help Gov. Gavin Newsom’s proposed budget would cut at least $25.5 million of rental support for young people who have been in foster care. Approving the cut could put their housing security at risk. It’s now significantly more deadly to be homeless. Why are so many people dying? by Marisa Kendall Feds leave California on the hook for $300 million in COVID homeless spending by Marisa Kendall Why California legislators of both parties want to ban homeless encampments by Lynn La How big is California’s homelessness crisis? Inside the massive, statewide effort to find out by Marisa Kendall Approaching Bay Area deadline a ‘test case’ for California’s housing crisis by Ben Christopher Homelessness is on the California ballot this March. Will conditions change on the street? by Marisa Kendall State program to clear homeless encampments show signs of success, but housing remains elusive by Marisa Kendall ENVIRONMENT California’s pursuit of clean air just got much harder: New soot standards set PROJECT SPOTLIGHT ‘A massive enterprise’: California’s offshore wind farms are on a fast track by Julie Cart California’s urban runoff flows down the drain. Can the drought-plagued state capture more of it? by Rachel Becker California’s polluted communities could miss out on billions under state’s flawed system by Alejandro Lazo Legislators unveil measure to ask voters for $1 billion offshore wind bond by Alejandro Lazo Cannabis grower to pay $750,000 for violating state water, wildlife regulations by Rachel Becker Californians bought record numbers of electric cars as industry eyes slowdown by Alejandro Lazo Saving salmon: Newsom unveils blueprint for ending decades-long decline by Rachel Becker Explainer Welcome to the Age of Fire: California wildfires explained Commentary Offshore wind success in California requires developers, policymakers embrace ‘ocean justice’ As offshore wind faces setbacks on the East Coast, California has a chance to establish long-term success. Developers and policymakers at all levels can get there by embracing “ocean justice” principles. EDUCATION K-12 EDUCATION These fed-up parents fought California’s pandemic schooling and won. Now what? by Carolyn Jones Higher Ed Should state government jobs require a college degree? Why California is rethinking its rules by Adam Echelman Students panic after new financial aid application blocks them: ‘I don’t know who to call’ by Mikhail Zinshteyn Commentary How a proposal to keep opinions off UC websites could dangerously restrict speech University of California regents are considering a policy to limit personal views on official platforms, but the overly broad proposal could backfire and suppress controversial speech from faculty members. Explainer Mind the achievement gap: California’s disparities in education, explained Rural California schools are desperate for state help, from special education to construction by Carolyn Jones Getting paid to go to school? California’s community colleges try it out by Adam Echelman Cal State student workers voted to form a union. Here’s what students want. by Haydee Barahona, Christina Chkarboul, Jacqueline Munis and Helena San Roque Narcan at California colleges: Are students getting overdose medication? by Li Khan JUSTICE California spent $600 million to house and rehab former prisoners — but can’t say whether it helped by Byrhonda Lyons This California town was already dying. Then the state moved to close its prison by Nigel Duara Commentary San Quentin Prison is decaying and California would rather ‘transform’ it than fix it California’s whopping $14.4 billion prison budget and the governor’s $360.6 million price tag to “transform” San Quentin into a rehabilitation center seemingly overlook the existing… As California closes prisons, the cost of locking someone up hits new record at $132,860 by Kristen Hwang and Nigel Duara Californians want to use Zoom for court appearances. Will lawmakers let them? by Ryan Sabalow With tighter budgets, California police seek less time in court by Ryan Sabalow Friendlier prison guards? Why Gavin Newsom’s advisers want them at San Quentin by Nigel Duara California new laws for 2024: Longer prison sentences for fentanyl trafficking by Nigel Duara California new laws for 2024: Tougher penalties for child trafficking by Nigel Duara EXPLAINERS Explore CalMatters’ explainer “card decks” to discover the data-driven context you need to make sense of big issues confronting California. View all explainers How California created the nation’s easiest abortion access — and why it’s going further California’s opioid deaths increased by 121% in 3 years. What’s driving the crisis? by Ana B. Ibarra, Erica Yee and Nigel Duara California’s homelessness crisis — and possible solutions — explained by Matt Levin, Jackie Botts and Manuela Tobias Californians: Here’s why your housing costs are so high by Manuela Tobias, Matt Levin and Ben Christopher California crime story: The numbers, explained by Nigel Duara California’s opioid deaths increased by 121% in 3 years. What’s driving the crisis? by Ana B. Ibarra, Erica Yee and Nigel Duara COLLEGE BEAT California is pressing universities to repatriate thousands of Native American remains and artifacts. How two campuses are succeeding. by Amelia Wu and Helena San Roque December 26, 2023January 18, 2024 More Coverage Tired of the waiting lists for California’s public universities, nursing students increasingly turn to expensive private programs by Christopher Buchanan and Jacqueline Munis Pay for Cal State presidents has grown at nearly twice the rate as pay for lecturers by Elizabeth Wilson and Hugo Rios Are electric bikes allowed at your college in California? Depends on where you go to school by Christina Chkarboul and Jada Portillo Grief, fear, and hopes for peace: California college students describe campus climates during Israel-Palestine conflict by Haydee Barahona, Christopher Buchanan, Briana Mendez-Padilla, Jacqueline Munis, Hugo Rios and Amelia Wu About College Beat College Beat is produced by the CalMatters College Journalism Network, a collaboration between CalMatters and student journalists from across California. Ask CJN: Nursing school admission woes by Megan Tagami WHATMATTERS NEWSLETTER Follow the latest news on your California government, delivered to your inbox weekday mornings Subscribe to the WhatMatters newsletter Our team closely follows what’s happening in California, from homelessness and drought to wildfires and public education. Sign up for our newsletters to get the critical context you need to understand the problems we face and the possible solutions that could lead to a better California for all. Subscribe to CalMatters’ newsletters What’s at stake in today’s California primary Months of campaigning, reams of mailers, millions of dollars in spending and a handful of fiery candidate debates have all culminated to this: Today is the last day voters can… by Lynn La March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 More of WhatMatters Is California’s fast food fight restarting? March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 Newsom pumps up Prop. 1 as support drops March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 How do California Democrats vote for Gaza ceasefire in primary? February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 Is California failing women on maternal care? February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 Will California voters like ‘Newsom recall, the sequel’ any better? February 27, 2024February 27, 2024 CALMATTERS EN ESPAÑOL ¿Qué tal si te pagan por ir a la escuela? Los colegios comunitarios de California intentan esta iniciativa by Adam Echelman Gavin Newsom sale a impulsar la Proposición 1 a medida que cae el apoyo a su medida de salud mental by Kristen Hwang and Nigel Duara ¿Es ahora mucho más mortal estar sin hogar? ¿Por qué está muriendo tanta gente? by Marisa Kendall Los estudiantes trabajadores de Cal State votaron a favor de formar un sindicato y ahora buscarán un nuevo contrato con mejores beneficios by Haydee Barahona, Christina Chkarboul, Jacqueline Munis and Helena San Roque La Patrulla Fronteriza está liberando a cientos de migrantes en la estación del tranvía de San Diego después del cierre de un refugio by Wendy Fry ¿Qué haría Adam Schiff como senador estadounidense por California? by Yue Stella Yu Gavin Newsom enfrenta otro intento de destitución. ¿Le irá esta vez mejor que en 2021? by Alexei Koseff Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn YouTube AboutOverview Impact Funding News and Awards Policies Programs Sponsorships Our Team Jobs Contact Us TopicsPolitics Justice Economy Education Environment Housing Health Commentary Inequality MoreDonate Newsletters CalMatters en Español Inside the Newsroom General Inquiries info@calmatters.org Membership Inquiries membership@calmatters.org Protect your nonprofit state news. Become a CalMatters member with a tax-deductible donation today to stay informed, bolster our journalism and expand how many people we reach across California. Donate Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap © 2024 CalMatters. Powered by Newspack Privacy Policy I don't have an account I already have an account Sign In We've recently sent you an authentication link. Please, check your inbox! Sign in with a password below, or sign in using your email. Get a code sent to your email to sign in, or sign in using a password. Enter the code you received via email to sign in, or sign in using a password. Subscribe to our newsletters: WeeklyMatters Catch up on the top stories in California with a summary of our reporting and commentary from the past week. Weekly Walters Get a digest of new insights from veteran journalist Dan Walters, who holds powerful people in California accountable. WhatMatters Start your day with a comprehensive rundown of the most important stories in California politics and policy. Inequality Insights Your weekly must-read to stay on top of inequality, one of California’s most pressing issues. Sign in Sign in with your email Lost your password? Sign in Try a different email Send another code Send authorization code Sign in with a password Sign up OR Sign in with Google