Home | The Province Home Page | The ProvinceSkip to Content SectionsSearch Search theprovince.com Perform search The Province Subscribe User My Account Subscribe Search theprovince.com Perform search Subscribe FAQ My Account Manage My Subscription Our Offers Vancouver Canucks Sports Canucks Report Vancouver Canucks NHL PWHL More Hockey BC Lions CFL NFL Vancouver Whitecaps Soccer Basketball Baseball Lacrosse University High School More Sports Curling Golf MMA Auto Racing Rugby Tennis Hot Topics News Local News Crime BC Politics Health National World True Crime Business Energy Real Estate FP Headlines FP Markets FP Money Small Business Technology Gaming Internet Science Space Podcasts Weather Archives Entertainment Local Arts Movies Television TV Listings Celebrity Music Books Opinion Letters Columnists Life Shopping Essentials Home Living Tech Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Deals Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Food Local Food Reviews Beer Recipes Wine Diet & Fitness Advice Contests National Contests BC Real Estate Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating All Travel Local Travel Travel Canada Travel USA Travel International Cruises Travel Guide Homes West Coast Homes & Design Magazine Westcoast Homes & Design Current Issue Newsletters Comics Puzzles New York Times Crossword Healthing Driving Auto News Reviews Car Comparison Buyers Guide Remembering Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Celebrating Real Estate Marketplace Pet Posts & Adoptions Working Shopping This Weeks's Flyers ePaper Manage Print Subscription Profile Settings My Subscriptions Newsletters Customer Service FAQ Sign Out Vancouver Canucks Sports Hot Topics News Entertainment Opinion Life Homes Newsletters Comics Puzzles Healthing Driving Remembering ePaper Manage Print Subscription Home | The Province Home Page | The ProvinceAdvertisement 1This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Vancouver Canucks Canucks: Why Elias Pettersson's contract is missing a no-move clause in its first year with Video Vancouver Canucks Local News Man arrested in Port Moody after driving car into Burrard Inlet for video livestream Local News Vancouver Canucks Canucks Q+A: Geoff Courtnall's trade-deadline priority, surviving lightning strikes with Video Vancouver Canucks Crime B.C.’s financial regulator makes another attempt to collect on fraudster's $36.7-million in penalties Crime Opinion Douglas Todd: Will a new Canadian law lead to less inflammatory speech against Jews? Douglas Todd Opinion Local News More games means Vancouver unsure of hosting costs for 2026 FIFA World Cup Local News Local News WorkSafeBC reports fourth crane incident this year in Metro Vancouver with Video Local News Olympics Vancouver police officer to compete in the Olympics for a second time with Video Olympics Local Arts Spring 2024 Preview: The must-see Vancouver concerts, plays to catch and B.C. books to read with Video Local Arts Local News Feral pigs feared in B.C. after wildfires destroy fencing Local News Latest Videos Up Next Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Sports Canucks Game Day Update: Carson Soucy, team's best defender, is back from injury The Kings looked playoff-ready in a dominant 5-1 win at Rogers Arena on Thursday. They executed a 60-minute effort. The Canucks didn't. with Video 8 hours ago Vancouver Canucks Canucks: Black seats are coming to Rogers Arena as upgrades announced All lower and upper bowl seats are set to be replaced with new custom-designed black seats that include cupholders, among other arena improvements announced with Video 22 hours ago Vancouver Canucks Advertisement 2Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Canucks: Why this recall of Vasily Podkolzin matters more than the others Gauging the progress of Vasily Podkolzin seems more plausible than showcasing winger in advance of NHL trade deadline. with Video 1 day ago Vancouver Canucks Vancouver Highlanders' first rugby fixtures have an international flavour The invitational rugby club will host 10 matches at select venues in the Vancouver area from May through August 3 hours ago Rugby Edmonton Oilers waive Sam Gagner. What's going on? The 34-year-old has recorded five goals and five assists in 27 games for the Oilers this season with Video 2 hours ago NHL More sports stories > Trending Canucks: Why Elias Pettersson's contract is missing a no-move clause in its first year Canucks: Black seats are coming to Rogers Arena as upgrades announced Canucks Game Day Update: Carson Soucy, team's best defender, is back from injury Canucks: Why this recall of Vasily Podkolzin matters more than the others Canucks Coffee: Brewing up robust Guentzel, Vatrano, Toffoli trade-deadline servings Shopping Essentials Scroll Left Scroll RightAdvertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LOCAL SPOTLIGHTFind the best places within Vancouver. From local businesses to food to medical to legal services.Hot Topics Viral video captures stunt gone wrong at Lake Louise Ski Resort The video shows a skier going airborne and starting a big spin when he strikes an empty chairlift 4 hours ago National PBO expects inflation to fall to 2% by end of year, deficit to grow amid weak economy The report predicts the first rate cut to come in April, slightly earlier than financial markets expect. 3 hours ago National Advertisement 3Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads down in widespread outage A technical issue caused widespread login issues for a few hours across Meta’s Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms Tuesday. 6 hours ago World Charles Barkley rips into Donald Trump after claim that Black people ‘embraced’ mugshot One prominent Black person certainly isn’t buying what Donald Trump is selling. 6 hours ago World Scientists name tiny fungus after Dune's fearsome sandworms Unlike the fictional creatures in Frank Herbert's novels and Denis Villeneuve's movie, Tulostoma shaihuludii is tiny and does not eat people 3 hours ago Science More hot topics stories > Around the NetworkAdvertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.NewsFeaturedLocal NewsCrime Douglas Todd: Will a new Canadian law lead to less inflammatory speech against Jews? Opinion: Will Bill C-63 help deal with inflammatory speech like that of two Canadian imams? Or is such inflammatory rhetoric protected by a "religious exemption?" Douglas Todd 2 hours ago Columnists B.C. introduces legislation to reduce poverty rate by 60 per cent over next decade Sheila Malcolmson, social development and poverty reduction minister, says legislation introduced today changes three laws to set higher targets to cut poverty, ease employment requirements for people on income and disability assistance and provide more supports. 3 hours ago Local News Advertisement 4Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. WorkSafeBC reports fourth crane incident this year in Metro Vancouver WorkSafeBC says its meeting with industry to discuss crane safety following a fatality on Feb. 21. with Video 4 hours ago News More games means Vancouver unsure of hosting costs for 2026 FIFA World Cup The original cost, released by the provincial government at the end of January, pegged the bill for hosting five World Cup matches as $230 million, with much of that money going towards event security. 4 hours ago Local News Man arrested in Port Moody after driving car into Burrard Inlet for video livestream Police say the vehicle remains in the inlet because tow operators could not extract it last night. 5 hours ago Local News More news stories > weather (Vancouver) view complete forecast Epaper Edition View the latest edition Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.EntertainmentFeaturedLocal ArtsCelebrity Air at Queen Elizabeth Theatre and Chris Brown at Rogers concerts announced today French pop duo Air and R&B singer Chris Brown both announce Vancouver dates 5 hours ago Music Q+A: Swipe right to connect with Shay Kuebler and Radical Art System's Momentum of Isolation Based on themes of loneliness and isolation, Moi — Momentum of Isolation is the sixth show from choreographer Shay Kuebler and Radical System Art. 3 hours ago Local Arts Advertisement 5Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Broadway Across Canada announces new season with 7 productions for Vancouver From classics like The Lion King to Beetlejuice and Tina, Broadway Across Canada brings seven shows to Vancouver for the 2024-25 season. 1 day ago Local Arts Arts Club Theatre Company announces 2024/2025 season Action, music and even a Cambodian rock band play the Arts Club this coming season 18 hours ago Local Arts John Candy's children pay tribute to dad on 30th anniversary of death: 'He was the best dad' '30 years ago today … feels like both a lifetime with and without you' with Video 8 hours ago Celebrity More entertainment stories > Contests More Contests > The Province Headline NewsGet the latest headlines, breaking news and columns.There was an error, please provide a valid email address.Sign UpBy signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.Thanks for signing up!A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.The next issue of The Province Headline News will soon be in your inbox.We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try againAdvertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Opinion Letters to The Province: Seeing to Kill a Mockingbird banned is beyond maddening Opinion: Letters to The Province. Province Opinion 20 hours ago Letters Opinion: Women and children experiencing abusive relationships are particularly vulnerable in this housing crisis Opinion: More transitional housing units are urgently needed but we also need a recognition that long-term housing stability is the key to safety, stability, dignity, and meaningful participation in civic life Chantelle Spicer and Meredith Crough 1 day ago Op-Ed Advertisement 6Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Preston Manning: The humanity of Brian Mulroney has been lost in Canadian politics Politics is also about personal relations, and on this front there is much to admire about Brian Mulroney with Video Preston Manning, Special to National Post 4 days ago Opinion Douglas Todd: Population growth squeezing Canada’s young adults like never before Opinion: “We have never seen the young adult population growing anywhere nearly this fast before,” says bank economist Douglas Porter. Many are feeling pressure on housing, jobs and family. Douglas Todd 5 days ago Opinion Dan Fumano: Vancouver business association expanding turf, despite shop owners' objections Column: "It's not a great feeling to feel like a BIA is being foisted upon local business," ABC Coun. Sarah Kirby-Yung said of the opposition to a BIA's expansion. In the end, council approved the expansion unanimously. 6 days ago Opinion More opinion stories > News Releases Business Wire Promoted By Business Wire More News Releases > News Releases GlobeNewswire Promoted By GlobeNewswire More News Releases > Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.LifeFeaturedFoodHomes 5 pearl finds that will have you rethinking the classic jewelry gemstone They're back! These jewelry finds prove that pearls are for everyone. 3 hours ago Fashion & Beauty Fitness: The no-sweat approach to a longer life Shuffle, stroll, strut, peddle or anything in-between, for as little as five minutes as often as you can. 2 days ago Diet & Fitness Advertisement 7Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Is it time to bring begonia tubers in from cold storage? From timing to potting and lighting — there's plenty to consider 6 hours ago Homes Bridal hair: 3 effortless ideas inspired by balletcore If you’re a bride-to-be, get ready to embrace your inner ballerina. 4 days ago Fashion & Beauty Jane Macdougall: The Bookless Club's lifetime of museum memories What resonates with one person may fall flat for another. My son was entranced by the Rembrandts at the Frick Museum in New York City. He was 10. Jane Macdougall 4 days ago Columnists More life stories > Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.HomesFeaturedCondosDecorating The High Street Rowhomes at Southlands: A new offering in popular Tsawwassen 'agrihood' It's the latest installment at Century Group's master-planned community 2 hours ago Homes This B.C. housing provider plans to double in size at a time of great need The B.C. Indigenous Housing Society receives about $10 million annually in public funds to house around 1,800 people. Its new CEO plans to double its size, but some changes under her watch have drawn scrutiny 1 day ago Local News Advertisement 8Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Why rent-to-own is (and isn't) one solution to B.C.'s housing crisis Supporters say rent-to-own will help buyers break into B.C.'s pricey market. Critics say developers are wary because of high interest rates. 1 day ago Real Estate Sold (Bought): Coal Harbour condo has postcard views and luxury touches And it's perfectly positioned next to Stanley Park 4 days ago Homes The Home Front: This Mount Pleasant loft transformation is a lesson in work-life balance Design firm reversed the open-plan design, creating a tranquil, calm environment 5 days ago Homes More homes stories > Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Healthing March is Brain Health Awareness Month Celebrate your most critical organ by better understanding how the brain works in health and in illness. 2 hours ago Brain Canada Foundation World Obesity Day 2024: Removing stigma, improving access to care and creating a society of acceptance Canadians living with obesity continue to face stigma, discrimination, and a lack of access to care, but the tides are slowly changing. 1 day ago Obesity Advertisement 9Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Top obesity associations in Canada: Finding the right organization and resources for you Over 25 per cent of Canadians live with obesity, and these five organizations aim to improve their overall quality of life. 1 day ago Obesity World Obesity Day 2024: 'My hope is that we can drop the judgment and look for solutions’ Five advocates shared their thoughts on what they felt was the most important issue facing the obesity community. 1 day ago Obesity Matters Machado: We need to stop blaming people for their disease No one chooses to be sick, and being made to feel like you are somehow to blame just piles useless baggage onto shoulders already weighed down and overwhelmed. 3 days ago Opinion More healthing stories > Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.Driving DriveShare, 'Airbnb of classic cars,' suspends rentals after ownership change The service, formerly owned by Hagerty, put operations on pause last October, but new owners Drive Co say they should resume "imminently" with Video 2 hours ago Industry News Jaguar ceasing car production June, will go all-SUV while prepping EV future Say good-bye to XE, XF, and F-Type, or any non-sport-utility Jag—at least until a battery-powered large sedan bows in three years with Video 3 hours ago Industry News Advertisement 10Stories continue belowThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Ford recalls 583 Bronco hardtops in Canada for windows that might fall out The safety campaign was launched after it was determined a new employee at a supplier missed part of a two-step adhesion process with Video 4 hours ago Info For Drivers 2026 Rivian R2 specs leak online, point to keen Tesla rival It's only the company's third nameplate – after its R1T truck and R1S SUV twins – but this Model Y competitor seems to pack impressive numbers with Video 4 hours ago New Vehicles F1 driver Berger’s stolen Ferrari recovered after 28 years The famed Formula One pilot's 512M Testarossa was swiped following his podium finish at the 1995 San Marino Grand Prix, but has just been found in London with Video 6 hours ago Crash, Bang, Wow More driving stories > Advertisement 11AdvertisementThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.This Week in Flyers Subscribe Categories Vancouver Canucks Sports Hot Topics News Entertainment Opinion Life ePaper SubscribeFollow The Province Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use FAQ Copyright My Account Manage My Print Subscription Manage My Tax Receipt 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4© 2024 The Province, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.Notice for the Postmedia NetworkThis website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.OK