MyNetDiary - Free Calorie Counter and Diet Assistant Get the app Sign In Sign up Features Features iPhone & iPad app Android app User Reviews Diets Diets Calorie Counting Low-Carb Keto High-Protein Low-Fat Mediterranean Vegetarian Vegan Library Library Weight Loss Blog Diet Library Dietitian team Food Food Food Search Database Licensing & API Business Business Professional Connect Find Healthcare Professional For Healthcare Professionals For Trainers and Clubs Food Database Licensing Sign up Sign In Be Healthy for Life! Your weight loss, diet, and nutrition assistant. Top Rated: 184,041 reviews & counting 4.8 4.7 “You really can't go wrong with MyNetDiary as a scientifically-proven way to help you lose weight” What it takes to succeed Find your Diet Find a diet that fits your lifestyle: Calorie Counting, Low-Carb, Keto, Vegan, Vegetarian and more. Set Your Targets Choose your desired weekly weight loss rate, target date, and source of calories like fat, carbs, and proteins. Log Your Meals & Exercise Use the App to track your food, physical activities, and nutrients. Use the barcode scanner. Log ahead of time for better planning and scheduling. Reach Your Goals Monitor your daily progress, check your weight loss forecast, and receive ongoing advice and feedback. Learn more about nutrients in your diet and make better choices. Top Rated Calorie Counter App “This is my favorite food diary app. I used six of the "top" apps in this category for several days so that I could compare them and select what worked best for me. MyNetDiary was the winner. Intuitive, simple layout, decent database, appealing graphic design, and no ads.” See More Testimonials Premium Recipes Hundreds of easy recipes, with great variety, carefully crafted for great taste by a team of Registered Dietitians. Easy Tracking Massive food catalog, fastest barcode scanner, quickest food lookup making food tracking a breeze Insights and Guidance Encouraging and supportive feedback, guiding you to your goal. More Features Julie Martel Lost 71 lb (35%) and maintained after 492 days. “My life changed. My life is beautiful! I am beautiful!!!” Read Success Story Carrie Hammond lost and maintained 103 lbs (40%) after 616 days. “I love having a desire to go out and experience new things without worrying about if I'm too fat to do something.” Read Success Story Paul Reynolds Lost 50lb (22%) and maintained after 345 days. “The ability to track using MyNetDiary has been so important.” Read Success Story Joe Balfe Lost 65lb (20%) and maintained after 216 days. “MyNetDiary helps me know exactly how many calories I consume.” Read Success Story Rick White Lost 91 lb (30%) and maintained after 881 days. “I went body surfing for 4 hours straight with my 28 year old son and felt great!” Read Success Story Matthew Warner Lost 29lb (14%) and maintained after 379 days. “I used your product religiously for two years and it made a huge difference in my health and happiness.” Read Success Story Previous Next Being Healthy Has Never Been Easier Want to master your blood sugars? Here’s what you’ll want to learn about diabetes If you have been recently diagnosed with diabetes, then perhaps you're suddenly navigating an alien world, trying to learn everything you can about diabetes. You probably already know that managing blood sugar is most prominent in your t... Are there benefits of adding high-intensity interval training to your exercise and weight-loss plan? What are the benefits of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) for you? Find out how HIIT benefits weight loss and decide if it is for you. The benefits of eating protein for healthy and achievable weight loss Claims about protein are everywhere, but what are the benefits of eating protein as part of a healthy diet? Read about how protein is vital for weight loss. Learn how MyNetDiary calculates your protein needs and discover rich protein sou... 3 Healthy lentil recipes perfect for weight loss and a vegetarian diet Lentils are growing in popularity, perhaps because they cook quickly and are an excellent protein source for plant-based diets. There are many different varieties on the market that work well for salads and soups. Try these healthy lenti... View All Articles Compatible With Start Your Free Food Diary Today Sign up 4.8 • 184,041 Ratings App Features iPhone & iPad app Android app Keto Diet Low-Carb Diet Premium Calorie Counting Weight Loss Science Weight Loss Blog Diet Library Dietitian Team Business Professional Connect Gift cards & Group discounts For trainers For healthcare professionals For families Food database licensing Company About MyNetDiary In the News Press Releases Press Kit Copyright © 2024 MyNetDiary Inc. All rights reserved. Contact Us FAQ Privacy Terms of Use