UAMS Health Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Toggle Search Search Choose which site to search. Current site All of UAMS UAMS Health UAMS.edu MyChart Giving Emergency Room Toggle Search Toggle Primary Nav COVID-19 Types of Care Locations Doctors Patients and Guests Referring Physicians Appointments About Us Awards and Recognition UAMS Health Find Care at UAMS Health With our combination of education, research and clinical programs, UAMS has a unique capacity to lead health care improvement in the state. Types of Care Important Links Appointments Get an appointment with the experts. Make an Appointment Our Doctors Search by name, condition, location and more. Find a Doctor Billing & Cost Information Manage your account, get cost estimates and price transparency Go to Billing and Costs Nursing Excellence A rewarding career with endless opportunities. Become a Nurse For a Better State of Health. Start living your happiest, healthiest life with a visit to UAMS Health. With clinics covering nearly every medical need, we provide world-class treatment in a comforting, patient- and family-centered environment. Official Orthopaedics Partner of the Razorbacks The sports medicine specialists at UAMS Health and the University of Arkansas have come together to provide Razorback student-athletes with the best care in the state. Learn More Innovative Expert Care for You UAMS Health is home to world-renowned providers offering the latest treatments and procedures in these areas: Women's Health Cancer Orthopaedics Stroke Care Trauma and more Learn More Caring for You From the latest in cancer treatments to the newest brain surgery techniques, our staff includes highly-specialized clinicians and caregivers with national and international reputations for excellence. And if you just need a simple checkup, we have you covered there, too. Learn More Incredible Doctors Our find-a-doctor tool helps you choose from our diverse pool of health care providers. If you aren’t sure what you’re looking for, you can explore based on conditions, treatments, and types of care. You can also use real patient ratings and reviews to help you make your choice. Search for a Doctor Health Care Where You Need It the Most UAMS Health has many convenient locations for your family including UAMS Medical Center in Little Rock, neighborhood clinics, and Family Medical Centers throughout the state. View locations, get directions, phone numbers, and more. Search for a Location Make an Appointment Request an appointment directly with your clinic or by calling the main UAMS Health appointment line at (501) 686-8000. Patient Stories: UAMS Myeloma Patient Grateful for ‘Life Changing’ Treatment Jim Schepers remembers getting a call he didn’t want in April 2020. The call was from Frits van Rhee, M.D., Ph.D., clinical director of the Myeloma Center at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) and Schepers’ physician — cancer had returned. “When we found out the cancer was back, Dr. van Rhee called… Read more View the Patient Stories Archive UAMS Health News Renowned Neurosurgeon Praises UAMS Emeritus Professor M. Gazi Yasargil, M.D., at Lecture The Fred Smith Auditorium at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) became a classroom for neurosurgeons, neurosurgeons-in-training and others Feb. 23, when Jacques J. Morcos, M.D., presented a lecture on cerebrovascular and skull base surgery as part of the M. Gazi and Dianne C.H. Yasargil Lectureship, “Advances in Neuroscience.” Using videos of surgeries… Read more Chaow Charoenkijkajorn, M.D., Joins UAMS Harvey & Bernice Jones Eye Institute LITTLE ROCK — Chaow Charoenkijkajorn, M.D., has joined the Harvey & Bernice Jones Eye Institute at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS). Charoenkijkajorn’s medical interests include neuro-ophthalmology and ocular pathology. He sees patients with various neuro-ophthalmic conditions such as giant cell arteritis, idiopathic intracranial hypertension, blepharospasm, optic neuritis and cranial nerve palsies. “Dr…. Read more UAMS To Host Girlology Puberty Event April 7 LITTLE ROCK — The University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) is bringing back its popular Girlology puberty session April 7 to help girls face puberty with greater confidence. Read more UAMS Establishes Institute for Community Health Innovation UAMS announced Feb. 27 the establishment of its eighth institute, the UAMS Institute for Community Health Innovation, effective March 1. Read more UAMS HealthUniversity of Arkansas for Medical SciencesMailing Address: 4301 West Markham Street, Little Rock, AR 72205Phone: (501) 686-7000FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTubeLinkedInPinterestDisclaimerTerms of UsePrivacy StatementNotice of Privacy PracticesPrice Transparency© 2024 University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences Please share your location to continue