Welcome to fbi.gov — FBI An official website of the United States government. Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock () or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Submit Search Search FBI More Most Wanted News What We Investigate How We Can Help You Submit a Tip About Contact Us Facebook Icon Email Icon Twitter Icon Youtube Icon Flickr Icon LinkedIn Icon Instagram Icon Search FBI Submit Search FBIFederal Bureau of Investigation Welcome to fbi.gov We protect the American people and uphold the U.S. Constitution. You can report suspicious activities and crime by contacting us 24/7 at tips.fbi.gov. Submit Tips I Want To Help Find Fugitives & Missing Persons Submit a Tip Apply for an FBI Job Get a Rap Sheet (Identity History) Contact the FBI Find Crime Stats Learn About Common Crimes & Scams Learn What the FBI Investigates Discover FBI History Featured Content FBI Hockey Team Battles Secret Service in Triple-Overtime Thriller In an electrifying and hard-fought game, the FBI lost 3-2 in triple overtime to its longtime hockey rivals the U.S. Secret Service. The sold-out charity game raised about $35,000 to benefit the families of law enforcement officers and first responders killed in the line of duty. Financially Motivated Sextortion Sextortion is a crime that involves adults coercing kids and teens into sending explicit images online. The FBI has several resources to help caregivers and young people better understand what sextortion is, how to protect against it, and how to talk about this growing and devastating threat. Most Wanted: Case of the Week ELIJAH VUE February 20, 2024 Two Rivers, Wisconsin Capitol Violence The FBI is seeking to identify individuals involved in the violent activities that occurred at the U.S. Capitol and surrounding areas on January 6, 2021. View photos and related information here. If you have any information to provide, visit tips.fbi.gov or call 1-800-CALL-FBI. News Stories 03.04.2024 A Proven Partnership: Director Discusses FBI-Military Collaboration at West Point On March 4, FBI Director Christopher Wray visited the U.S. Military Academy at West Point to speak with future U.S. Army officers about the Bureau’s legacy of collaboration with the Defense Department. 03.04.2024 FBI Hockey Team Battles Secret Service in Triple-Overtime Thriller In an electrifying and hard-fought game, the FBI lost 3-2 in triple overtime to its longtime hockey rivals the U.S. Secret Service. The sold-out charity game raised about $35,000 to benefit the families of law enforcement officers and first responders killed in the line of duty. 02.29.2024 Director Outlines New Intelligence Program Strategy FBI Director Christopher Wray today outlined the Bureau’s new intelligence program strategy and emphasized how partnerships, collaboration, and innovation are essential to combatting emerging national security threats. 02.23.2024 Kansas City Man Sentenced to Life in Prison for Cyberstalking, Murder A convicted felon received a life sentence for using a GPS device to track the vehicle of a man he later murdered. It's a case that marked the first filing of both the cyberstalking and the cyberstalking resulting in death charges in the Western District of Missouri. More Podcasts 02.29.2024 Inside the FBI Podcast: The Phantom Hacker Scam On this episode of Inside the FBI, learn about the Phantom Hacker scam—a type of tech support scam that's growing in popularity—and how to avoid becoming its next victim. 01.26.2024 Inside the FBI Podcast: Top Ten Fugitive Vitel'Homme Innocent On this episode of Inside the FBI, learn about Ten Most Wanted Fugitive Vitel’Homme Innocent—leader of the Haitian gang Kraze Barye—who was allegedly involved in kidnapping U.S. citizens and holding them hostage. 01.05.2024 Inside the FBI Podcast: Searching for Joshua Garcia Joshua Garcia was nearly 2 years old when he was kidnapped 20 years ago in Mexico City. Today, the FBI is offering a $20,000 reward for information leading to Joshua's recovery. 12.22.2023 Inside the FBI Podcast: Pan Am Flight 103 It’s been 35 years since the tragic aircraft bombing on December 21, 1988. In this episode, we’ll look back on one of the largest and most complex acts of international terrorism ever investigated by the FBI. More Press Releases 03.04.2024 Air National Guardsman Agrees to Plead Guilty to Unlawfully Disclosing Classified National Defense Information 03.04.2024 Director Wray's Remarks at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point 03.04.2024 Kentucky Man Found Guilty of Felony and Misdemeanor Charges for Actions During January 6 Capitol Breach 03.01.2024 Commodities Trading Company Will Pay More Than $661 Million to Resolve Foreign Bribery Case 02.29.2024 Tennessee Man Sentenced to Prison on Multiple Felony Charges Related to January 6 Capitol Breach 02.29.2024 New York Man Sentenced on Felony and Misdemeanor Charges for Actions During January 6 Capitol Breach 02.29.2024 Colorado Man Arrested for Assaulting Law Enforcement and Other Charges During January 6 Capitol Breach 02.29.2024 Director Wray's Remarks at the Intelligence and National Security Alliance Leadership Breakfast More Most Wanted Ten Most Wanted Fugitives Terrorism Kidnappings / Missing Persons Seeking Information Bank Robbers ECAP ViCAP FBI Jobs Submit a Tip Crime Statistics History FOIPA Scams & Safety FBI Kids News Stories Videos Press Releases Speeches Testimony Podcasts and Radio Photos Español Apps How We Can Help You Law Enforcement Victims Parents and Caregivers Students Businesses Safety Resources Need an FBI Service or More Information? What We Investigate Terrorism Counterintelligence Cyber Crime Public Corruption Civil Rights Organized Crime White-Collar Crime Violent Crime WMD About Mission & Priorities Leadership & Structure Partnerships Community Outreach FAQs Contact Us Field Offices FBI Headquarters Visit the FBI Experience Overseas Offices Additional Resources Accessibility eRulemaking Freedom of Information / Privacy Act Legal Notices Legal Policies & Disclaimers Privacy Policy USA.gov White House No FEAR Act Equal Opportunity fbi federal bureau of investigation FBI.gov Contact Center Email updates Accessibility eRulemaking Freedom of Information / Privacy Act Legal Notices Legal Policies & Disclaimers Privacy Policy USA.gov White House No FEAR Act Equal Opportunity FBI.gov is an official site of the U.S. Department of Justice © Search FBI Submit Search Home Most Wanted News What We Investigate How We Investigate How We Can Help You Submit a Tip About Contact Us Crime Statistics Photos Video Outreach History FOIA Scams & Safety FBI Kids FBI Jobs