This American Life Skip to main content 00:00 00:00 Transcript Share This American Life Archive Recommended How to Listen AboutOverview Staff Announcements Fellowships Jobs Music Make Radio On The Road FAQ Submissions Store Contact Us Our Other Shows Follow Us Store Subscribe to our newsletter Yousef Hammash in 2022. This Week: 825 March 1, 2024 Yousef Yousef Hammash in 2022. A series of phone calls to a man in Gaza named Yousef Hammash, between early December and now. He talks about what he and his family are experiencing, sometimes as they are experiencing it. View episode details Next week preview Recently Aired View archive 824 Feb. 23, 2024 Family Meeting Your mother and I have something we want to talk with you about. 653 Feb. 16, 2024 Crime Scene Every crime scene hides a story. 791 Feb. 9, 2024 Math or Magic? When it comes to finding love, there seems to be two schools of thought on the best way to go about it. Recommended Okay. It’s hundreds of episodes. Thousands of stories. We help you dig through the archive.View all New to This American Life? “When I’m trying to explain our program to someone who doesn’t know it, I stammer a bunch of words like ‘entertaining,’ ‘funny,’ ‘surprising plot twists,’ ‘true stories but not boring I swear’ … and then I just give them this list.” — Ira Glass View this list Videos Yes we have videos! Animations, music videos, speeches, our live stage shows, and more. View this list Sign up for our newsletter for weekly news and updates. Subscribe to our newsletter Visit our store for shirts, posters, tote bags, and more. Shop now This American Life This American Life is produced in collaboration with WBEZ Chicago and delivered to stations by PRX The Public Radio Exchange. Archive Recommended How to Listen AboutOverview Staff Announcements Fellowships Jobs Music Make Radio On The Road FAQ Submissions Store Contact Us Our Other Shows Store Contact © 1995 - 2024 This American Life Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Share Facebook Twitter Email Share Facebook Twitter Email