Mailchimp Transactional Email for Small Businesses | Mailchimp Skip to main content Hey there! Free trials are available for Standard and Essentials plans. Start for free today. Solutions and Services Solutions and Services See what’s new Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place INTEGRATE YOUR APPS See 300+ integrations Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Resources Resources See all resources Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search Pricing This page is now available in other languages. EN EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Log In Start Free Trial Hi, %s Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Main Menu Close Main Menu Main Menu Solutions and Services Back Close Main Menu Solutions and Services Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place See what’s new For your industry Back Close Main Menu For your industry E-commerce and retail Mobile and web apps Start-ups Agencies and freelancers Developers Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Integrate your apps Back Close Main Menu Integrate your apps Shopify Wix Salesforce Canva BigCommerce See 300+ integrations Resources Back Close Main Menu Resources Learn with Mailchimp Back Close Main Menu Learn with Mailchimp AI marketing tools E-commerce Digital content Marketing automations Audience management Websites Email marketing Social media Mailchimp Presents Back Close Main Menu Mailchimp Presents Podcasts Series Films For Developers Back Close Main Menu For Developers Marketing API Transactional API Release notes Transactional email See all resources Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Hire an Expert Personalized onboarding Customer success Switch to Mailchimp Pricing Search This page is now available in other languages. English EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Contact Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Hi, %s Back Close Main Menu Account Audience Campaigns Account Mailchimp Home Log In Start Free Trial Log In Log In Sign Up Transactional Emails Reach inboxes when it matters most Send system notifications to your contacts with confidence. Sign up What is transactional email? Transactional emails are one-to-one messages triggered by user actions, like requesting a password or placing an order. They’re powerful touchpoints between you and your customers, so we’ve made it easier to make the most of them. Send in seconds Fast delivery of your time-sensitive notifications. Get personal Use conditional content and custom code to personalize your messages. Deliver with confidence We’ve got 20+ years of email experience—and the tools to help you send at scale. Onboard quickly Follow our Quick Start Guide and learn to deploy and deliver like a pro. Fast delivery, straight to the inbox We’ll get you to inboxes quickly, help you avoid spam folders, and give you flexibility to set your own rules with custom settings. Learn more Track analytics that scale with your business Optimize your emails by using automated tags, webhooks, and A/B testing. Then, evaluate and download reports easily from your Transactional dashboard. Learn more Put Transactional to the test Try the free* demo to see how Mailchimp Transactional can work for your business—before committing to a plan. With our quick setup, sending your first email is easy. Learn more Start your free trial today Mailchimp Recommends Premium Scale fast with dedicated onboarding, unlimited contacts, and priority support; built for teams. Starts at /month based on 10,000 contacts* Starts at $350 per month for {contacts} contacts Phone & Priority Support Custom-Coded and Pre-built Email Templates SMS & MMS Add-on Multivariate and A/B Testing Enhanced Automated Customer Journeys Dedicated Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started Mailchimp Recommends Standard Sell even more with personalization, optimization tools, and enhanced automations. Starts at Free for 1 month Then, starts at /month* /month based on 500 contacts* Starts at $20 per month for {contacts} contacts 24/7 Email & Chat Support Custom-Coded and Pre-built Email Templates SMS & MMS Add-on Multivariate and A/B Testing Enhanced Automated Customer Journeys Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started Mailchimp Recommends Essentials Send the right content at the right time with testing and scheduling features. Starts at Free for 1 month Then, starts at /month* /month based on 500 contacts* Starts at $13 per month for {contacts} contacts 24/7 Email & Chat Support Pre-built Email Templates SMS Add-on A/B Testing Basic Automated Customer Journeys Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started Mailchimp Recommends Free Easily create email campaigns and learn more about your customers. Starts at /month based on 500 contacts* Starts at $0 per month for {contacts} contacts Email support for first 30 days Pre-built Email Templates SMS Add-on A/B Testing Basic Automated Customer Journeys Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started Mailchimp Recommends Free Easily create email campaigns and learn more about your customers. Starts at /month based on 500 contacts* Starts at $0 per month for {contacts} contacts Email support for first 30 days Pre-built Email Templates SMS Add-on A/B Testing Basic Automated Customer Journeys Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started Mailchimp Recommends Essentials Send the right content at the right time with testing and scheduling features. Starts at Free for 1 month Then, starts at /month* /month based on 500 contacts* Starts at $13 per month for {contacts} contacts 24/7 Email & Chat Support Pre-built Email Templates SMS Add-on A/B Testing Basic Automated Customer Journeys Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started Mailchimp Recommends Standard Sell even more with personalization, optimization tools, and enhanced automations. Starts at Free for 1 month Then, starts at /month* /month based on 500 contacts* Starts at $20 per month for {contacts} contacts 24/7 Email & Chat Support Custom-Coded and Pre-built Email Templates SMS & MMS Add-on Multivariate and A/B Testing Enhanced Automated Customer Journeys Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started Mailchimp Recommends Premium Scale fast with dedicated onboarding, unlimited contacts, and priority support; built for teams. Starts at /month based on 10,000 contacts* Starts at $350 per month for {contacts} contacts Phone & Priority Support Custom-Coded and Pre-built Email Templates SMS & MMS Add-on Multivariate and A/B Testing Enhanced Automated Customer Journeys Dedicated Personalized Onboarding Predictive Segmentation Campaign Manager Get started *See Free Trial Terms *Overages apply if contact or email send limit is exceeded. Free plan sending will be paused if contact or email send limit is exceeded. Learn more Get started Customize your settings from start to send Stay on-brand Build emails from scratch or seamlessly import your Mailchimp templates. Manage inbound email Respond to emails with an action, like sending an RSVP or updating a to-do list. Send from anywhere Send from multiple domains or subdomains, all from one account. Get world class support Get in touch with our award-winning Support team for troubleshooting. Learn more Learn more about Mailchimp transactional APIs and get started. Transactional Email Pricing API Documentation FAQs What is a Mailchimp transactional email? Mailchimp transactional email is a delivery API, or application programming interface, that can deliver transactional emails to customers without you overseeing the process. Transactional emails, also known as “triggered emails,” are one-to-one messages sent when a specific action occurs or a request is made from the contact. For example, a customer may receive a transactional email with their order information after a purchase is complete. Other examples of transactional emails include account updates, password reminders, and notifications or alerts. Compared to bulk marketing messages, transactional emails are only sent to one individual at a time rather than a group of people. Typically, these emails are time-sensitive and require you to deliver messages quickly. With our transactional email service, you can automatically send messages to the recipient’s email server in 1.79 seconds. When you send a transactional email with Mailchimp, you can ensure customers receive the information they need in a timely manner. Not only do transactional emails have the power to boost customer satisfaction, but they can also increase loyalty and engagement since they’re capable of being personalized. Remember, every interaction with a customer is an opportunity to solidify your relationship with them. Why use Mailchimp for transactional emails? Our transactional email service allows you to reach customers quickly, ensuring they don’t have to wait long for relevant information to reach their inbox. You’ll also have access to email templates and our email builder to keep your transactional emails on brand. In addition to transactional email tools, our comprehensive marketing platform can help you stay on top of analytics, allowing you to test and refine your campaigns. The best part is that you can try our transactional email software for free before committing to it. This way, you can see if this type of email is right for your business needs. Plus, new users can take advantage of the transactional email demo and send up to 500 transactional emails. How to make a transactional email with Mailchimp? Making a transactional email is easy with Mailchimp. Here’s how to get started: Ensure you have a Standard or higher monthly plan. Find the Automations tab and click Transactional Email. Click Pick a Plan and select the package you want. If you need more than 3 blocks for transactional emails, you can enter a custom amount. Indicate what you want to have happen if you run low on emails. Once you finalize your selections, you’ll need to generate your API key to authenticate your request. You must also add a sending domain and configure your DNS. You can then begin sending transactional emails via the Transactional API or with SMTP integration. Mailchimp Transactional offers a delivery API that’s highly customizable, providing you the necessary tools to analyze, optimize, and track your sends. If this sounds confusing, don’t worry. When you use Mailchimp for transactional email templates and tools, you’ll have access to our award-winning support team. Our Mailchimp Support team can assist with troubleshooting transactional email services and provide guidance on next steps. *Disclaimer New transactional email users can get up to 500 free email sends to their verified domain. Related Links: Manage transactional emails with custom options Infrastructure that delivers Scalable analytics that flex with you Products Why Mailchimp? Product Updates Email Marketing Websites Transactional Email How We Compare GDPR Compliance Security Status Mobile App Resources Marketing Library Free Marketing Tools Marketing Glossary Integrations Directory Community Agencies & Freelancers Developers Events Company Our Story Newsroom Give Where You Live Careers Accessibility Help Contact Us Hire an Expert Help Center Talk to Sales Films, podcasts, and original series that celebrate the entrepreneurial spirit. Check it out This page is now available in other languages. English Español Français Português Deutsch Italiano ©2001-2024 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences