Global Policy Forum Skip to main content Toggle navigation Search Main navigation About Our mission Staff Board Annual Reports Contact Archive Issue Areas Sustainable Development & Human Rights Development Finance & Tax Justice United Nations & Multilateralism Multilateralism Corporate Influence & Accountability Publications Events News Media Press Newsletter Network Get involved Support GPF Jobs/Internship ende Global Policy Forum Monitoring Global PolicymakingAdvocating for Human Rights, Sustainability and Economic & Social Justice What's New Cover_Reforms to the global financial architecture Reforms to the global financial architecture Calls for reforms of the international financial architecture are becoming ever louder. Governments, UN institutions, expert groups and civil society organizations are criticizing the fact that the network of institutions and rules that currently determine global monetary and financial policy and control global financial flows are not up to the current crises. The international financial architecture is “outdated, dysfunctional and unfair”, according to UN Secretary-General António Guterres. In view of these challenges, the UN Member States made the reform of the international financial [...] read more Cover_UN treaty 9th session 2023 Report on the ninth session of the open-ended intergovernmental working group on a legally binding instrument on transnational corporations and other business enterprises with respect to human rights (“treaty”) From October 23 to 27, 2023, 76 states met at the United Nations (UN) Human Rights Council to negotiate an international human rights treaty to regulate companies and their value chains (also known as the “UN Treaty”). Since the UN Human Rights Council adopted Resolution 26/9 in 2014 and mandated an intergovernmental working group to draft such legally binding instrument, it has met nine times. After a slow start, the process has emerged surprisingly stronger from the ninth round of negotiations. read more Cover_innovative_climate_financing_instruments Innovative climate financing instruments The adequate mobilization of climate finance remains one of the greatest challenges of our time. Under the United Nations (UN) climate agreements, rich countries have pledged to support the global South in the fight against climate change and the associated human rights violations through financial transfers. However, the repeated failure to meet the corresponding target of providing US$ 100 billion per year has led to diplomatic tensions and is one of the main reasons for the lack of success in the fight against climate change. The debate on how additional funds can be mobilized – including [...] read more Cover_Private Foundations Private foundations and their global health grant-making patterns Private foundations play an increasingly important and influential role in global health; however, this role has been poorly monitored and largely unevaluated, prompting calls for greater accountability. At a minimum level, clear information should be provided about their grant-making activities. We describe the global health granting patterns of three private foundations: the Rockefeller Foundation (RF), the Wellcome Trust (WT), and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF), using data publicly available on their websites, for the years 2018 – 2020. The BMGF is the largest private funder [...] read more Our issue areas SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT & HUMAN RIGHTS DEVELOPMENT FINANCE &TAX JUSTICE UNITED NATIONS & MULTILATERALISM CORPORATE INFLUENCE & ACCOUNTABILITY Publications Cover_Pandemic Voluntarism_2023 A pandemic of voluntarism National and regional go-it-alone efforts characterized government action against the COVID-19 pandemic. The guidance of the World Health Organization (WHO), as the overarching and coordinating health body, to ensure equitable and efficient distribution of vaccines and other necessary medical products to contain the pandemic was not heeded. Several governments, philanthropic foundations, and the WHO launched the global multi-stakeholder initiative (MSI) Access to COVID-19 Tools Accelerator (ACT-A) at short notice, with participation of pharmaceutical industry and other MSIs, as a key global [...] read more World Bank Reform World Bank reform. For whose benefit? The World Bank is considered to be the most important multilateral development bank (MDB). Since it was founded in 1944 at the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference to finance the reconstruction of war-torn Europe, it has reinvented itself several times. The most significant change was the transformation from a reconstruction bank to a development bank. Today, the World Bank finances exclusively in countries of the global South, while continuing to be controlled by the economic powers of the global North. A new process for World Bank reform has been underway since 2021. This began [...] read more Spotlight 2023 Cover Spotlight on Global Multilateralism This new report Spotlight on Global Multilateralism offers critical analyses and presents recommendations for strengthening democratic multilateral structures and policies. Its contributors cover key areas such as peace and common security, reforms of the global financial architecture, calls for a New Social Contract, an inclusive digital future, the rights of future generations and the transformation of education systems. The report also identifies built-in deficiencies and weaknesses of current multilateral structures and approaches. This applies, inter alia, to concepts of corporate [...] read more all publications Our Network Newsletter Stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter. Subscribe Reviewing the HLPF’s “format and organizational aspects” – what’s being discussed? Dr. Marianne Beisheim This working paper by the German Institute for International and Security Affairs identifies and discusses proposals currently under debate for reviewing the “format and organizational aspects” of the UN High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development (HLPF). Read more about Reviewing the HLPF's "format and organizational aspects" - what's being discussed? Subscribe to Follow & connect with us Contact contact us support GPF Become a supporter ref: footer-menu Disclaimer Imprint Privacy Policy