Home - Hope Bible Church GA hopebiblechurchga@gmail.com Home Salvation Doctrine About HBC Resources Books Study Blog Video Audio Church Directory Bible Institute Select Page Our DoctrineWe believe that all scripture is given by inspiration of God and that God has promised to preserve His pure words. We believe that the King James Bible is the inspired and preserved words of God in the English language and is therefore wholly without error, altogether sufficient as our only infallible and authoritative rule of faith and practice. We believe in one God, eternally existing in three co-equal persons: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit We believe that God created the universe as recorded in the scripture. We reject evolution and all other unscriptural theories of origin. What We Believe About UsAT Hope Bible Church, we believe that Jesus Christ is the one and only Savior (1 Tim. 1:15; 2:5-6), and that the word of God is the key to spiritual growth (2 Tim. 3:16-17). That is why we have dedicated ourselves to preaching the gospel of Christ and “rightly dividing the word of truth” (2 Tim. 2:15). God’s will is plainly stated in 1 Tim. 2:4, “Who will have all men to be saved and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.” Learn More Hear Bible Study Time every Sunday at 11:30 AM on WJGA 92.1 FM Get Connected phone: 678-301-0956 email: hopebiblechurchga@gmail.com mail: Hope Bible Church199 Four Points RdJackson, Ga 30233 Service Times All services are live-streamed on our YouTube Channel beginning about 15 minutes after the service starts. Sunday – 10 & 11 AM Wednesday – 7 PM ARE YOU SAVED? Your answer to this very personal question will have a remarkable impact on your life while living and for eternity after you die. The question, “Are you saved?” asks whether or not you have trusted Christ’s shed blood on the cross as payment for your sins. It is not asking about what works that you, or others, may have done. Knowing that we are sinners and that Christ died for us, we should respond by placing our faith in Christ’s payment for our sin. Learn More The Most Important Question A Gospel Message from David O'SteenHope Bible Church – Jackson, Georgia More Info Stay In Touch Thanks for subscribing and we look forward to sharing with you! Name Email Subscribe Any Questions? Name Email Address Message Submit Copyright 2023 Hope Bible Church GA All Rights Reserved – Web Design by WebWurx360.com Hope Bible Church 199 Four Points Rd Jackson, Ga 30233 CLICK TO ORDER