Associated Press News: Breaking News, Latest Headlines and Videos | AP News Menu Menu World U.S. Election 2024 Politics Sports Entertainment Business Science Fact Check Oddities Newsletters Video Health Photography Climate Spotlight Tech Lifestyle Religion Press Releases ... World Israel-Hamas War Russia-Ukraine War Latin America Europe Africa Middle East Asia Pacific U.S. News Australia China U.S. Election 2024 Politics Joe Biden Election 2024 Congress Sports AP Top 25 College Football Poll NFL MLB NHL NBA WNBA Soccer Tennis Golf Entertainment Movie reviews Book reviews Celebrity Television Music Business Inflation Financial Markets Business Highlights Financial wellness Science Fact Check Oddities Newsletters Video Health Photography Climate Spotlight Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Religion Press Releases Search Query Submit Search Show Search World Israel-Hamas War Russia-Ukraine War Latin America Europe Africa Middle East Asia Pacific U.S. News Australia China U.S. Election 2024 Politics Joe Biden Election 2024 Congress Sports AP Top 25 College Football Poll NFL MLB NHL NBA WNBA Soccer Tennis Golf Entertainment Movie reviews Book reviews Celebrity Television Music Business Inflation Financial Markets Business Highlights Financial wellness Science Fact Check Oddities Newsletters Video Health Photography Climate Spotlight Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Religion Press Releases The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day. twitter instagram facebook The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us Contact Us Accessibility Statement Cookie Settings Terms of Use Privacy Policy More From AP News About AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. Israel-Hamas war Super Tuesday France abortion Jason Kelce retires Braylon Edwards Voters across several states in the U.S. are preparing to cast their ballots on Super Tuesday, which takes place on Tuesday, March 5th. (Feb. 28) Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch President Joe Biden and Republican Donald Trump are poised to have the biggest day of the primary campaign move them to the brink of winning their party’s presidential nominations and set up a historic rematch that many voters would rather not endure. READ MORE Takeaways from Trump’s Supreme Court win: He stays on ballot, but his legal peril is just starting Immigration ‘parole’ is a well-worn tool for US presidents. It faces a big test in 2024 elections Supreme Court temporarily blocks Texas law that allows police to arrest migrants A look at Taurus missiles, the weapon at the heart of a leaked audio and Russian-German tensions Israel escalates its criticism of a UN agency in Gaza. It says 450 of its workers are militants Thousands of Korean doctors face license suspensions as Seoul moves to prosecute strike leaders Singapore prime minister defends exclusive deal with Taylor Swift that riles some neighbors Small plane with several aboard crashes in Nashville and all were killed Philippine and Chinese boats collide in their latest confrontation over a South China Sea shoal China raises defense budget 7.2% as it pushes for global heft and regional tensions continue A woman wins $3.8 million verdict after SWAT team searches wrong home based on Find My iPhone app A Vietnamese property tycoon accused of embezzling $12.5 billion begins her trial Latest videos ISS docking LIVE: NASA’s SpaceX Crew-8 reaches International Space Station Watch live coverage of the docking of the SpaceX Dragon spacecraft carrying NASA astronauts Matthew Dominick, Michael Barratt and Jeanette Epps and Russian cosmonaut Alexander Grebenkin. The docking will be followed by hatch opening and welcoming remarks by the astronauts. Watch More Multiple explosions, fire projecting debris into the air near Detroit Gangs in Haiti try to seize control of main airport in newest attack on key government sites China’s economic growth target for 2024 is about 5%, says Premier Li at opening of National People’s Congress Discover One Tech Tip: Change these settings on X to limit calls and hide your IP address Elon Musk’s social media platform X has made audio and video calling capabilities available to all users, not just those with paid accounts. Paris Olympics unveils art deco-style posters inspired by the city’s flamboyant past Madonna is among the early adopters of AI’s next wave LeBron James’ 40,000-point club won’t see anyone joining for a long time. Maybe never. Here’s why Ferrari stolen in 1995 from a Formula One driver is recovered by UK police TODAY IN HISTORY March 5 Stalin dies after long USSR reign On March 5, 1953, Soviet dictator Josef Stalin died after three decades in power.Click here for more Today in History. ELECTION WATCH 2024 Panamanian electoral court bars former president Martinelli’s candidacy in May elections Panama’s Electoral Tribunal has disqualified former president Ricardo Martinelli’s candidacy in the country’s May 5 presidential election because of a 10-year prison sentence for money laundering he received last year. El Salvador’s former leftist strongholds contemplate party’s demise San José Las Flores, a town nestled in the mountains of northern El Salvador, near the Honduras border, has been a bastion of leftist resistance for decades. MORE ELECTIONS Netanyahu leaned on his top rival to help unify Israel. Now, Benny Gantz is more popular Nepal’s communist parties join forces to form a new coalition government 25 elections that could change the world MORE ON SPORTS Arsenal’s Kai Havertz celebrates after scoring his side’s fourth goal during the English Premier League soccer match between Sheffield United and Arsenal at the Bramall Lane stadium in Sheffield, England, Monday, March 4, 2024. (AP Photo/Rui Vieira) Arsenal demolishes Sheffield United 6-0 in latest statement win in EPL title bid Arsenal has delivered another statement win in its English Premier League title challenge by thrashing last-placed Sheffield United 6-0. Read More De Minaur beats Ruud to become the first player to win back-to back titles in Mexico since 2012 Ronaldo’s Al-Nassr loses first leg of Asian Champions League quarterfinal Eagles center Jason Kelce retires after 13 NFL seasons and 1 Super Bowl ring New York sets a timeline for the Belmont Park project that is set to be completed in 2026 Decisions made by Caleb Williams, Marvin Harrison Jr. could impact future NFL combines Stories Under 60 Seconds Supreme Court restores Trump to presidential ballot 0:24 Jason Kelce retires from NFL in emotional press conference 0:49 This is how voters feel about Biden and Trump’s ages 0:53 San Francisco to vote on two measures for police surveillance and welfare access 0:59 Millie Bobby Brown on her fiancé and Jon Bon Jovi being at the ‘Damsel’ premiere 0:23 Communities share concerns over proposed oil drilling expansion in Congo 0:59 Why AP isn’t referring to Trump or Biden as a ‘presumptive nominee’ 0:39 Jack Black shares how he keeps his martial arts skills sharp 0:20 This is how GOP voters feel about Trump and Haley 0:55 This was the scene at Alexei Navalny’s funeral 0:56 Visitors line up to see and smell a corpse flower’s stinking bloom in San Francisco 0:38 Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani reveals marriage, but declines to share details 0:11 Rod Stewart: Writing songs is ‘a bit of an agony’ 0:28 Why we may be living in the golden age of older filmmakers 0:49 Cyndi Lauper shares how advocacy for women’s health started 0:47 Follow AP around the Geneva International Motor Show 0:59 Kate Winslet says it’s a privilege to be a lead on set 0:44 Caitlin Clark on breaking Lynette Woodard’s major college scoring record 0:52 McConnell will step down as the Senate Republican leader in November after a record run in the job 0:40 Richard Lewis on working with longtime friend Larry David 0:14 NYC officials shut down furniture store illegally converted to house migrants 0:56 What killed Flaco the owl? 0:31 Babies are sharing incubators at a hospital in Rafah 0:55 San Francisco apologizes to Black residents for decades of racist policies 0:26 Producers of ‘Where is Wendy Williams?’ defend documentary 0:49 Entertainment company Kugali on saying they wanted to kick Disney’s a-- 0:48 IN CASE YOU MISSED IT Two fragile DC neighborhoods hang in the balance as the Wizards and Capitals consider leaving town How Chinese retailers can offer Americans steep bargains on clothes and why that could change Iowa’s Caitlin Clark breaks Pete Maravich’s NCAA Division I scoring record In Hawaii, coral is the foundation of life. What happened to it after the Lahaina wildfire? Indigenous women in Greenland sue Denmark over involuntary contraception in the 1960s and 1970s Immigration ‘parole’ is a well-worn tool for US presidents. It faces a big test in 2024 elections NASCAR caught Joey Logano wearing an amphibious-like glove in a cheating violation No twerking. No drinking. No smoking. But plenty of room for Jesus at this Christian nightclub Topics Politics Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch California Senate race: Democrats aim to block Republican from contest to fill Feinstein’s seat McConnell weighs endorsing Trump. It’s a stark turnaround after the Jan. 6, 2021, attack Democrats make play for veteran and military support as Trump homes in on GOP nomination Entertainment Jimmy Kimmel is hosting the Oscars again. This time, it’s an election year Beloved author Kate DiCamillo talks writing and healing herself with new middle-grade novel ‘Ferris’ Sinead O’Connor’s estate asks Donald Trump to stop playing her music at rallies ‘Dune: Part Two’ brings spice power to the box office with $81.5 million debut SPORTS Denver Broncos inform QB Russell Wilson they’ll release him when new league year begins Zack Wheeler and Phillies reach $126 million, 3-year deal for 2025-27 New Jersey Devils fire coach Lindy Ruff, name Travis Green interim replacement Police say former NFL player Braylon Edwards is a hero for saving a man during YMCA assault US News Supreme Court temporarily blocks Texas law that allows police to arrest migrants Immigration judges union, a frequent critic, is told to get approval before speaking publicly Pentagon leaker Jack Teixeira pleads guilty under a deal that calls for at least 11 years in prison Alabama lawmakers aim to approve immunity laws for IVF providers WORLD NEWS A UN envoy says there are ‘reasonable grounds’ to believe Hamas committed sexual violence on Oct. 7 There’s chaos in Haiti. Powerful gangs are attacking key targets like prisons as alliances shift China sets an economic growth target of around 5% but acknowledges it will not be easy to achieve What you should know from the opening of China’s legislature BUSINESS JetBlue and Spirit are ending their $3.8 billion merger plan after a federal judge blocked the deal Apple gets fined nearly $2 billion by the EU for hindering music streaming competition Saks CEO Marc Metrick on how he’s tackling online return fraud, a growing industrywide issue Stock market today: Asian shares are mixed as China unveils 5% economic growth target for 2024 SCIENCE Where will you be for the April 8 total solar eclipse? There’s still time to grab a spot AP PHOTOS: Total solar eclipses through the decades Jupiter’s moon Europa may have less oxygen than expected, a finding that might put a damper on life 4 new astronauts head to the International Space Station for a 6-month stay LIFESTYLE Miami Beach is breaking up with spring break — or at least trying to Stella McCartney says sustainability doesn’t have to sacrifice luxury in Beatles-filled Paris runway For an easy weeknight meal, use the broiler instead of the grill for this salmon dish Black women struggle to find their way in a job world where diversity is under attack AP Photography Russians say final farewell at funeral of opposition leader Alexei Navalny Ukraine endures a second year of war with scenes of grief, suffering and also joy Thousands of Ukrainians live in agony and uncertainty as they search for their missing loved ones Spotlight Lisa McGuire stands near her former walkway on Thursday, Dec. 7, 2023, as she describes a fire that engulfed her home, killing her two dogs, in a Prichard, Ala., neighborhood with a history of severe water loss. When a neighbor called her about the fire, she said she rushed home to find firefighters with an empty hose attached to a hydrant. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson) Trillions of gallons leak from aging drinking water systems, further stressing shrinking US cities Trillions of gallons are lost from aging drinking water systems across the U.S. after decades of deferred maintenance and disinvestment. President of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Janet Yang, left, and CEO of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Bill Kramer poses for a portrait during the 96th Academy Awards Oscar nominees luncheon on Monday, Feb. 12, 2024, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello) An Oscars comeback? How the film academy went global and found its footing again After some rough patches, the Oscars may have finally met the moment with a diverse, global membership and a batch of best picture nominees that reflect global cinema. Texas Democratic Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee faces tough reelection bid after mayoral loss Texas has some competitive U.S. House races on the ballot in Tuesday’s primaries. Among them is the race for Republican Rep. Kay Granger’s open seat. Democrats are targeting US Senate race in Texas as voters pick who will take on GOP’s Ted Cruz Democrats in search of flipping a U.S. Senate seat are watching Texas closely on Super Tuesday to see who voters nominate against Republican Sen. Ted Cruz. Conspiracies hinder GOP’s efforts in Kansas to cut the time for returning mail ballots A repeating of baseless election conspiracy theories in the Republican-controlled Kansas Legislature appears to have scuttled GOP lawmakers’ efforts this year to shorten the time that voters have to return mail ballots. San Francisco votes on measures to compel drug treatment and give police surveillance cameras Voters in San Francisco are weighing in on a pair of public safety measures on Tuesday’s ballot that reflect frustration over crime and drug use in the politically liberal city. LA County’s progressive district attorney faces crowded field of 11 challengers in reelection bid One of the country’s most progressive prosecutors is set to be tested as he seeks reelection against 11 challengers to remain the district attorney of Los Angeles County. McCann leads Kraken to 4-2 win over Flames for third victory in four games Jared McCann had a goal and an assist to help the Seattle Kraken beat the Calgary Flames 4-2 for their third win in four games. Californians to vote on measure governor says he needs to tackle homelessness crisis California voters are set to decide on a statewide ballot measure that Gov. Gavin Newson says he needs to tackle the state’s homelessness crisis. California voters will set matchups for key US House races on Super Tuesday Control of the U.S. House of Representatives won’t be decided on Tuesday. But voters in California will set the matchups for some of the country’s most competitive races in November. White scores career-high 37 as Bulls rally from 22 down to stun Kings 113-109 Coby White had a career-high 37 points and DeMar DeRozan scored 19 of his 33 in the fourth quarter as the Chicago Bulls rallied from 22 points down to beat the Sacramento Kings 113-109. D’Angelo Russell scores 26 points, leads surging Lakers past West-leading Thunder 116-104 D’Angelo Russell hit five 3-pointers while scoring 26 points, and Anthony Davis added 24 points and 12 rebounds in the Los Angeles Lakers’ 116-104 victory over the Oklahoma City Thunder. Allen sparks Portland State to 72-57 victory over Idaho KJ Allen finished with 27 points and 10 rebounds to lead Portland State to a 72-57 victory over Idaho. AI pervades everyday life with almost no oversight. States scramble to catch up Lawmakers in at least seven states are taking big legislative swings to regulate bias in artificial intelligence. Moody scores 22, Montana defeats Idaho State 79-65 Aanen Moody scored 22 points and Montana beat Idaho State 79-65. Arkansas voters could make history with 2 Supreme Court races, including crowded chief justice race Arkansas voters could make history in two races for the state Supreme Court in Tuesday’s election. The race for chief justice could give the court its first woman elected to the post, and the court could see its first Black elected justice in another race. Industrial fire and multiple explosions shoot debris into the air in Detroit suburb A fire raging at an industrial facility has caused multiple explosions that rocked suburban Detroit, prompting police to implore residents to stay inside. Like Banksy, France’s mystery ‘Invader’ marks cities with art. He could surprise the Paris Olympics The millions of visitors who’ll flock to Paris for the Olympic Games will be crowding onto the turf of a mystery artist who calls himself “Invader.” Crowded race for Alabama’s new US House district, as Democrats aim to flip seat in November Alabama has heated primary battles in two congressional districts on Super Tuesday. Eighteen candidates _11 Democrats and seven Republicans — are running in Alabama’s newly revamped 2nd Congressional District. US Rep. Steve Womack aims to fend off primary challenge from Arkansas state lawmaker Republican U.S. Rep. Steve Womack hopes to fend off a longshot challenge from a state legislator in the GOP primary in Arkansas. Womack is running against state Sen. Big second half carries No. 9 Duke to 79-64 victory at NC State RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Jeremy Roach had 21 points and freshman Jared McCain scored 14 of his 16 after halftime to help No. 9 Duke pull away for a 79-64 victory over North Carolina State on Monday night. North Carolina’s congressional delegation headed for a shake-up with 5 open seats and party shifts Primaries in North Carolina will mark an exceptional change in the state’s U.S. House delegation. Dozens of Republicans are competing for five of North Carolina’s 14 congressional seats on Super Tuesday. Alabama Republicans to vote on nominee for chief justice, weeks after court’s frozen embryo ruling Alabama Republicans will choose who they want to replace the retiring chief justice of the state Supreme Court. In North Carolina, primary voters choosing candidates to succeed term-limited Gov. Roy Cooper North Carolina primary voters are choosing potential successors to term-limited Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper. Evans scores 23, Jackson State fends off Prairie View A&M 79-74 Ken Evans had 23 points to lead Jackson State to a 79-74 victory over Prairie View A&M. James Crumbley is up next as 2nd parent to stand trial in Michigan school shooting A man who purchased a gun with his son four days before the teen used that weapon in a mass school shooting in Michigan is headed to trial on involuntary manslaughter charges. MacKinnon extends home point streak to 30 games with 2 goals and 2 assists, Avs beat Blackhawks 5-0 Nathan MacKinnon extended his home point streak to 30 games with two goals and two assists, and the Colorado Avalanche beat the Chicago Blackhawks 5-0. Jordan Clarkson scores 38 as Jazz pull away late to beat Wizards 127-115 Jordan Clarkson scored a season-high 38 points, including a 12-0 run down the stretch, to boost the Utah Jazz over the Washington Wizards 127-115 on Monday night. South Carolina senior Te-Hina Paopao says she’s returning to South Carolina for a final season South Carolina guard Te-Hina Paopao says she is coming back to the top-ranked Gamecocks for a final season in 2024-25. Bridges scores 32 points as No. 11 Baylor overcomes big deficit to beat Texas 93-85 Jalen Bridges scored a career-high 32 points and 11th-ranked Baylor overcame a double-digit deficit in the final 13 minutes to beat Texas 93-85. Smith leads Grambling to 69-60 victory over Bethune-Cookman Jourdan Smith had 17 points in Grambling’s 69-60 victory over Bethune-Cookman. Erikstrup scores 24 as Eastern Washington rallies past Sac State 91-88 Dane Erikstrup had 24 points off the bench and Eastern Washington scored the final seven points to beat Sacramento State 91-88, surviving a school-record-tying 18 3-pointers from the Hornets. The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day. The Associated Press ap.org Careers Advertise with us Contact Us Accessibility Statement Cookie Settings Terms of Use Privacy Policy More From AP News About AP News Values and Principles AP’s Role in Elections AP Leads AP Definitive Source Blog AP Images Spotlight Blog AP Stylebook Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. twitter instagram facebook