CKAN - The open source data management system Home Features Showcase Solutions CKAN for Government CKAN for Enterprise Support Community Support Commercial Support Blog Events FAQ Docs View on Github Login The world’s leading open source data management system ckan CKAN is an open-source DMS (data management system) for powering data hubs and data portals. CKAN makes it easy to publish, share and use data. It powers hundreds of data portals worldwide. Python 4.2k 1.9k Powering open data at: CKAN for Government CKAN is used by national and regional government organisations throughout the European Union, the Americas, Asia and Oceania to power a variety of official and community data portals. CKAN for Enterprise CKAN has been adopted by enterprise organisations in sectors such as resources, energy, pharmaceuticals and finance to publish and manage internal data assets. Speak with us Our CKAN stewards help organisations of all sizes around the globe learn more about implementing CKAN open data portals. The best way to get in touch is via the form below Contact Us Contact Us Note: Your information will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out at any time. Your e-mail address Your name Your Company/Organization Name Your phone number How did you hear about us? Search Engine CKAN Website AWS Marketplace Twitter LinkedIn FaceBook Referral Google Advertisement Webinar YouTube Conference or Event Other What brings you to CKAN.org / How can we help? I would like to sign up to receive emails with the latest news, events, and more from ckan.org. Submit Powered by CKAN A showcase of government and enterprise open data portals that use CKAN as their data management system of choice. See all showcase sites. Government of Canada Tens of thousands of datasets making Canada's governmental data more accessible to everyone. Singapore Government The Singapore Government uses CKAN as an open data portal for economic, education, environment, finance, and health data. Australian Government The Australian Government uses CKAN to make available public data from over 800 different organisations. CKAN is now a Digital Public Good CKAN has been added to the Digital Public Registry and is now officially recognised as a data management system helping tackle 9 of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 Agenda set by the United Nations (UN). Learn more Join our next webinar Where we showcase CKAN to people - it's free to join and open to everyone. Get an invite CKAN Monthly Live I would like to be invited to the next CKAN Monthly Live meetup.Note: Any information you provide will only be used for inviting you to the CKAN meetups (and, if you opt-in, letting you know about CKAN news and updates). It will not be shared with any third parties. Your e-mail address Your name Your Company/Organization Name Are you interested in the technical or non-technical aspects of CKAN? technical non-technical both Would you like to suggest a topic for one of our future meetups? Any comments or something you would like to share? Would you like to automatically be invited to future meetups on CKAN Monthly Live? They happen every third Wednesday of the month at 1 pm UTC. Would you like to be informed about other CKAN news and updates? Submit CKAN stewards Datopian and Link Digital are co-stewards of the CKAN project and some of the longest standing contributors to CKAN. They both play key roles in ensuring the CKAN project thrives and delivers the best results for CKAN’s end users and stakeholders. Held in trust by CKAN assets are held in trust by Open Knowledge Foundation, a non-profit organization, with best practice policies on governing openly and for use of the trademark. Sign up for our newsletter Sign up to receive news and updates from CKAN. Your information will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. You may opt out at any time. Connect with us Join our vibrant community! Follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Gitter and GitHub for real-time updates, discussions and contributions. Login We are here to assist Have questions or need support? Our team is ready to help you navigate and make the most of CKAN. Contact Us Contact Us Note: Your information will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out at any time. Your e-mail address Your name Your Company/Organization Name Your phone number How did you hear about us? Search Engine CKAN Website AWS Marketplace Twitter LinkedIn FaceBook Referral Google Advertisement Webinar YouTube Conference or Event Other What brings you to CKAN.org / How can we help? I would like to sign up to receive emails with the latest news, events, and more from ckan.org. Submit ×