National Autistic Society Your Internet Explorer 11 browser is not supported by this site. Please upgrade to a recent browser for the best experience. Skip to main content Community Work for us News Shop Accessibility options Donate Advice and guidance Advice and guidance Advice and guidance Autism Services Directory Community Professional practice Spectrum Live Stories from the Spectrum The Spectrum magazine The Spectrum magazine Previous editions Spectrum Collections What is autism What is autism Autism and BAME people Autism and gender identity Autistic women and girls The causes of autism The history of autism Varying support needs What we do What we do What we do Acceptance and awareness Acceptance and awareness RHS Chelsea Flower Show 2024 Adult residential services Adult residential services Adult residential services Adult services stories Supported living services Adult residential and supported living service vacancies Autism training and best practice Autism training and best practice Training Autism Accreditation Diagnostic services Consultancy services Conferences Branches Campaign Campaign About our campaign work Changing the law Education Mental Health Sign up to Campaigner Updates Education and children's services Education and children's services Cullum Centres Our family of schools Employment Employment Autism at Work programme Job opportunities Help and support Support in the community Support in the community Centres Family support Outreach Social groups Who we are Who we are Who we are Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Who we are Who we are Our leadership team Our patron, president and vice presidents Our trustees Our mission, vision and values Transparency and compliance Work for us Work for us Autistic employees School based roles Support worker roles How you can help How you can help How you can help Autism insight panels Campaign Campaign About our campaign work Sign up to Campaigner Updates Changing the law Transforming Care Corporate Corporate Our Marketplace community Our partners Donate Donate Donate while you shop Gift Aid and making your donation go further Give in memory Leave a gift in your will Lottery – play now to win £25,000 Other ways to donate Payroll Giving Membership Membership Membership FAQs Philanthropy Philanthropy How your support can help change lives Raise money Raise money Fundraising events World Autism Acceptance Week 2024 Do your own thing Volunteer Work for us Work for us Autistic employees School based roles Support worker roles Donate Donate World Autism Acceptance Week Our colourful World #AutismAcceptanceWeek is back 2 to 8 April 2024! Come together to celebrate, fundraise, and help us create a society that works for autistic people. Find out more Latest activities Annual Professionals' Conference Our conference in March will help understanding of autism and best practice. Read more RHS Chelsea Flower Show Our charity's garden, themed around autism and masking, has been selected for the RHS Chelsea Flower Show, 21-25 May 2024. Find out more Teenage Mental Health eLearning Enhance understanding of autism, mental health, and implement supportive strategies for young people with this free eLearning. Sign up now What is autism? Advice and guidance Our advice and guidance section has a wide range of information about autism. There are 24 different topics, including diagnosis, behaviour, communication, loneliness, sensory differences, mental health, benefits and money, education, and more. Get involved and help create a society that works for autistic people Make a donation Regular Single Frequency Monthly Quarterly Yearly I want to give £5 £10 £20 Amount £ Donate Loading... I want to give £10 £20 £50 Amount £ Donate Loading... £10 could help an autistic person overcome isolation, thanks to our branch and social group network. £10 could help an autistic person overcome isolation, thanks to our branch and social group network. Other ways to help Become a member Join today to receive Your Autism magazine, attend our AGM and access members' Facebook group. Join today Raise money We have lots of events and fundraising ideas to help create a society that works for autistic people. Get involved Volunteer Make a real difference to autistic children's and adults’ lives, meet new people and learn new skills. Find out more Our services Adult residential services Autism Services Directory Autism training and best practice Branches Campaign Education and children's services GW You are not alone Join the community Our online community is a place for autistic people and their families to meet like-minded people and share their experiences. Join today Latest news News Have Your Say on the Learning Disability, Autism and Neurodivergence Bill! Published on 01 March 2024 News Our new e-learning module exploring the mental health experiences of autistic teenagers Published on 28 February 2024 News The Buckland Review of Autism Employment is published Published on 28 February 2024 News New limited edition watches by Hagley West to celebrate World Autism Acceptance Week Published on 23 February 2024 News Gelli Play Published on 20 February 2024 News Autism Support Ayrshire Secures a Further 3 Years of Funding Published on 19 February 2024 News Jason Arday announced as speaker at National Autistic Society Annual Professionals’ Conference Published on 15 February 2024 News Partnership with Fruit Shoot is supporting autistic people adapt to bottle cap changes Published on 09 February 2024 News Young Ambassador Pavan on School Absenteeism Published on 07 February 2024 News Update from our Let Every Autistic Child Learn event at the Houses of Parliament Published on 24 January 2024 View more View more All news Dedicated areas for... Select... Autistic adults Education professionals Families Professionals Keep up to date with all the great things we're doing Subscribe for updates Useful Links Accessibility Contact us Privacy notice Terms and conditions Transparency and compliance We are registered as a charity in England and Wales (269425) and in Scotland (SC039427). The National Autistic Society is also a company limited by guarantee, registered at Companies House (01205298). VAT registration number: 653370050. © The National Autistic Society 2024 Cookies on this site Our site uses cookies for key functions and to give you the best experience. Use cookie settings to control which cookies are allowed or click on Allow Optional Cookies to allow all cookies. For more detailed information please see our cookie policy. Choose cookie settings Allow all cookies Please wait while we check your current settings Your cookie settings Necessary cookies (always enabled) Functional cookies (help with key features, such as choices that you have made) Analytics cookies (helping us to understand how you use the site and therefore to improve it) Social and third-party cookies (where used) Choose cookie level Loading...