PLAY LOUDER ! - Financial, Business & Real Estate Advice ABOUT MY STORY EXPERIENCE APPEARANCES FUNDAMENTALS ARTICLES VIDEOS RECOMMENDATIONS CONSULTING COACHING PRODUCTS PACKAGES CFO WORK COURSESBLOG ALL POSTS CAREER CREDIT SCORE CRYPTO DEBT FI/RE INCOME INSURANCE INVESTING PERSONAL FINANCE PRODUCTIVITY REAL ESTATE RETIREMENT SMALL BUSINESS TAXES TRAVEL ACCOUNT LOGIN & SETTINGS COURSES DASHBOARD 0 ABOUT MY STORY EXPERIENCE APPEARANCES FUNDAMENTALS ARTICLES VIDEOS RECOMMENDATIONS CONSULTING COACHING PRODUCTS PACKAGES CFO WORK COURSESBLOG ALL POSTS CAREER CREDIT SCORE CRYPTO DEBT FI/RE INCOME INSURANCE INVESTING PERSONAL FINANCE PRODUCTIVITY REAL ESTATE RETIREMENT SMALL BUSINESS TAXES TRAVEL ACCOUNT LOGIN & SETTINGS COURSES DASHBOARD 0 “MAKING IT” IS HARD ENOUGH… You’ve followed your passion, worked extremely hard and made good money with your talents. Now you just need to hold on to all those earnings and keep them growing! As a former executive producer/owner of an Emmy Award winning production and post-production company, I understand how hard it can be to navigate your finances while running a successful business or just living your life. Hi, I'm Joe DiSanto. I spent 20 years in Los Angeles building entertainment businesses, managing artist’s careers, working on the world’s biggest brands and investing millions of dollars in real estate. I’ve now moved on to follow my passion to help others navigate their own personal and business adventures, and maximize their financial potential. RECENT APPEARANCES FREE COURSES These Three Free Courses Will Get You Headed In The Right Direction! Reviews WOW - it's a simple word but expresses just how blown away I am by the coaching I received from Joe! I'm a newer user to Quicken, with my goals being to better track my personal expenses, savings and investments and my real estate properties. I gathered all bits of information I could find online and did an "ok" job setting up my financial life on Quicken - I would give myself a C+/B- grade. But some things just weren't working quite as I'd hoped, so I reached out to Joe. We met today, I shared my screen, and he showed me so many EASIER and BETTER ways to do what I was doing. These steps will not only make my financial snapshot more accurate, but they will save me time going forward. I can see many other ways that he can help me in the future. Thanks, Joe, for making your knowledge and talents in the financial realm available to others - I so appreciate your time and expertise!read moreread less Cheryl Naumann11/27/2023 Joe DiSantos was a great guest to have on the Wealth of Geeks podcast! His expertise and information will no doubt be invaluable to our listeners. If you want to learn the secret to early retirement, Joe is your guy!read moreread less Sarah Gilliland11/20/2023 I have found Joe to be both professional and pragmatic in dealing with clientele I have referred to him. This, at times, is not an easy task given both my Firm's taxation focus and the complex nature of many our client's financial picture. I recommend him highly and look forward to an ongoing business partnership.read moreread less Steve Cizik11/20/2023 The time I spent with Joe was a blessing on getting my quicken from a pc to my new birthday present a Mac Book Air. Our time flew by and he worked the minute the call started and we both were elated it all worked perfectly. I will call him again, Joe was a great help.. thanks again Rosieread moreread less Rosie Tapp11/06/2023 Even though I had some background on Intuit softwares, I needed some specific help with Quicken and some of the "quirks" I couldn't figure out. Joe was most helpful and knowledgeable. I would recommend Joe for any and all needs or questions regarding Quicken. Mikeread moreread less Mike Alder9/27/2023 I found Play Louder through YouTube when searching Quicken tutorials. Joe at Play Louder is a Quicken guru and his videos are so incredibly helpful. My personal finances are a bit complex, so I reached out to Joe to schedule a one-on-one session for more hands on help. Joe was incredibly flexible with his availability and helped me out so much. Joe was informative, thought provoking, and so knowledgeable. Joe asked questions and solicited feedback so that he could make the best suggestions/tweaks to the program to meet my specific needs. I am so grateful for his YouTube tutorials and one-on-one time. If you are in need of help with Quicken or just for a sounding board on personal finances, Joe at Play Louder is definitely an incredible resource. 10/10 would recommend.read moreread less Kathleen Randolph5/27/2023 Absolutely great virtual training with Joe who not only is a Master at Quicken, but turns out to be a really nice fellow! I'm sure I will be back for some more tricks and training. Thanks Joe!!read moreread less Rich Townsend4/27/2023 Joe is incredibly knowledgable, and an incredible asset to any team to help with financial management and operations. He helped our company setup and run a successful financial management structure that gave us better insights into our data, such that we could make better strategic decisions for the company. This was a huge leverage point and advantage for us. I highly recommend Joe's finance services!read moreread less Erik Jacobson11/27/2022 Joe's expertise in running a business AND financial knowledge are instrumental in my growth. Great work, Joe!read moreread less Matt Fore11/27/2022 I just had Joe on my podcast Real Estate Investing for Women. He is a wealth of information and is generous in helping others reach success as investors.read moreread less Moneeka Sawyer11/27/2022 We had the pleasure of having Joe on our podcast to discuss retirement planning. His views and experience was smart and insightful. We are looking forward to having him back on our show soon.read moreread less Financial Dads11/27/2022 Joe has a very accomplished background and he has brought that passion and success to his fractional CFO offerings.read moreread less Cameron Christiansen11/27/2022 Joe was a great podcast guest to have! He offered some great steps to take and the conversation was very relatable!read moreread less Shelly Gardner11/27/2022 Excellent information and a wealth of knowledgeread moreread less todd dexheimer11/27/2022 Joe is a top notch guy with a wealth of information to share. His down to earth attitude makes him an easy person to have a great conversation with- but more importantly he really knows his stuff!read moreread less Sam Wilson11/27/2022 Really happy to have found Joe. He was very thorough and clear when explaining the various options we could adopt for starting our business and structuring our plans for retirement. His vast network provides a wealth of resources and additional knowledge. Highly recommended!read moreread less Joanne King11/27/2022 Joe was a guest on my podcast (The Old Dawg's REI Network) and his knowledge and business acumen are amazing. I would highly recommend him as a consultant, coach and speaker.read moreread less Bill Manassero11/27/2022 I can honestly say that after taking this course I now understand exactly what I need to do for my financial planning. I’m also more motivated to stick to my plan, because I know where I’m headed. I definitely recommend it.read moreread less Juliana Watson11/27/2022 Load More WHAT ELSE CAN I HELP YOU WITH? These "3 Pillars" Will Help You Get There! MANAGE YOUR MONEY Detail START A BUSINESS Detail INVEST IN REAL ESTATE Detail POPULAR POSTS! Fundamental posts contain (what I consider) the "critical knowledge" needed for navigating your way to financial independence! The Financial Planning Process: Your Route to Financial Independence! The financial planning process is all about "planning" for your retirement far before your arrival there. You need to ... Read More How to Make Your Money Work for You: 7 Modern Methods for Investing in “The Market” You work hard for your money - but does your money work hard for you? No one wants to work until they die, right?If yo... Read More The 5 Critical Components of Real Estate Investing Returns Real estate investing is a big piece of my financial pie. The way I think about real estate investing in the same way,... Read More Real Estate Strategy 101: Learn the Basics, the Lingo, and the Opportunities Investing in real estate is well-known as one of the most effective ways to increase wealth. It also can have the adde... Read More Big Picture Investing: Why You Need to Get in the Game Now! If you have been poking around my blog, you’ve probably figured out that my ultimate goal is to help you reach some ver... Read More How to Incorporate Yourself to Save Money (and Protect Your Assets) So you are a freelancer or independent contractor and you want to know how to incorporate yourself. Smart. My feelin... Read More What is Asset Protection Planning (and How Do You Achieve It)? What do we mean when we say "Asset Protection Planning"? To answer that, we first need to understand to what “assets” w... Read More Early Financial Independence: Living Your Life in 4 Acts (Not Just the 3 You’ve Been Told About)! You're probably living your life in "3 Acts"---so were we. (This may sound a bit esoteric right now, but just bear with... Read More Solo 401k vs SEP IRA: A Comparing For the Self-Employed Self-employment can offer an excellent work-life balance, as well as other freedoms and lifestyle benefits! Hahaha...w... Read More YOUTUBE VIDEO: Top 12 Investing Terms For Beginners! In this video, I am going to run through a glossary of common investing terms. I cover the following terms; stocks, bond... Read More YOUTUBE VIDEO: Independent Contractor VS Employee (A Must-Watch for Business Owners!) In this video, I detail the differences between hiring an Independent Contractor Vs an Employee, and why this distincti... Read More What Is Voluntary Life Insurance? Voluntary life insurance is a type of coverage that is typically offered through an employer as part of a voluntary bene... Read More CONTACT info@playlouder.com Tampa, FL GOOGLE BUSINESS PAGE COMPENSATION DISCLAIMER Throughout the site I recommend or link to various products and services, using text or image links. In some cases, these links are affiliate marketing or sponsored content, which means I may receive some form of compensation related to the link. RETURNS Click here to read about our returns and refund policy. LEGAL Joe DiSanto is not a licensed CPA or Attorney. The content on PlayLouder.com is for informational and educational purposes only, and should not be construed as professional financial, tax or legal advice. Should you need such advice, consult a licensed attorney, tax or financial advisor. PRIVACY ACCESSIBILITY © 2023. All Right Reserved.