TUNE Partner Marketing Platform | TUNE Navigation Solutions Business Type Advertisers Networks Top Verticals Direct-to-Consumer Financial Services Subscription Services Why Tune TUNE Platform TUNE Partners Customers Professional Services Pricing For Advertisers For Networks Learn Resources Blog Support Help Site Developer Site Training Contact Support About About TUNE Leadership Careers Contact Us Blog Solutions Business Type Advertisers Networks Top Verticals Direct-to-Consumer Financial Services Subscription Services Why Tune TUNE Platform TUNE Partners Customers Professional Services Pricing For Advertisers For Networks Learn Resources Blog Support Help Site Developer Site Training Contact Support About About TUNE Leadership Careers Contact Us Blog Request a Demo Request a Demo NEW E-BOOK! Influencer-Affiliate Blueprint | Download NowPARTNER THE WAY YOU WANT TO VIEW OUR CUSTOMERS TUNE Partner Marketing Platform TUNE makes the industry’s most flexible SaaS platform for managing marketing partnerships across mobile and web. On one platform, you can maximize ROI from onboarding through payout with your most important partners — affiliates, networks, influencers, agencies, and any other business development relationships.For Advertisers Complete partner management. Proactive fraud prevention. Comprehensive payment processing. All the tools you need to build better relationships. FIND OUT MORE For NetworksInfinite scalability. Advanced automation. Real-time data streaming. Industry-leading support. A powerful platform to build your affiliate network on. FIND OUT MORE FLEXIBLE TECHNOLOGYBuild a Branded Partner ExperienceUnlike the competition, TUNE is a fully customizable SaaS platform. That means we give you the industry’s most powerful and unique set of tools to integrate, manage, and compensate your marketing partnerships, plus the flexibility to differentiate your business. White labeling, personalized dashboards and interfaces, saved reports, and more keep you true to your brand API-based foundation with over 650 endpoints for unparalleled custom functionality Professional services team available for custom solutions development, technical consulting, and more INTELLIGENT TOOLS Work Smarter With Every Partner Time is money. Let us save you both with a robust suite of optimization and reporting features that empower you to work more efficiently with more partners and across more channels than ever before. Advanced automation tools streamline workflows and minimize risks Native postback capabilities ensure accurate tracking across mobile and web Real-time reporting and data streaming power better decision-making SECURE CONTROLS Build Greater Trust With PartnersTUNE maintains high standards in safeguarding the data of our customers and their end users. We strive to build and uphold trust as a company by creating policies and products that help our customers build trust with theirs. These include: SOC 2 Type II and SOC 1 Type II certification General Data Protection Regulation compliance with ePrivacy certification Proactive fraud prevention Verifiable global payments and transactions Cloud-based system infrastructure with 99.9% uptime Global support team with 98% customer service satisfaction rating Realize Your Full Partner PotentialREQUEST A DEMO © 2024 Tune, Inc. Request a Demo Solutions For Advertisers For Networks Direct-to-Consumer Financial Services Subscription Services Why Tune Platform Partners Customers Services Pricing For Advertisers For Networks Learn Resources Events Blog Support Help Site Developer Site Training Contact Support About About TUNE Careers Advocacy Program Privacy Policy Notice for CA Residents Terms of Use Contact Us Personal Data Request Form Blog © 2024 Tune, Inc. Request a Demo © 2024 Tune, Inc. Request a Demo For Advertisers For Networks Support Contact Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use