2GB - Sydney's premier news and talk radio station - 2GB 2GB - Sydney's premier news and talk radio station Watch Live Latest News Listen Live Home Shows Australia Overnight with Mike JeffreysBen Fordham LiveThe Ray Hadley Morning Show2GB Afternoons with Michael McLarenDrive with Chris O'KeefeWide World of SportsView all Audio Wake Up Australia with Mike Jeffreys – Wednesday, 6th of MarchThe complexities of rescuing wildlifeProfessor Ian Plimer – The state of the climateOvernights with Mike Jeffreys – Wednesday, 6th of MarchCooking with Sarah BoorerNational Days for March 6View all Win Win tickets to the Sydney Royal Easter ShowCCT Player of the MatchView all NRL Money 2GB Supports Contact us Advertise with us Latest News Listen Live Follow us Login Register Edit Profile Log out 131 873 MENU Close MENU Close Advertisement Shows Audio Win NRL Money Advertise MENU Close Thanks for logging in. You can now click/tap WATCH to start the live stream. Thanks for logging in. You can now click/tap LISTEN to start the live stream. Thanks for logging in. You can now click/tap LATEST NEWS to start the live stream. LISTEN Watch on air now Latest News Live 131 873 FEEDBACK Audio Create a 2GB account today! You can now log in once to listen live, watch live, join competitions, enjoy exclusive 2GB content and other benefits. Joining is free and easy. REGISTER LOGIN You will soon need to register to keep streaming 2GB online. Register an account or skip for now to do it later. Find out more about registration. 2GB - Sydney's premier news and talk radio station - 2GB - 2GB - Sydney's premier news and talk radio station Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Featured ‘Spending spree’ – How did Tony Burke spend $57,000 in 4 days ? Ben Fordham ‘War of words’ – Aussie politicians fight while Amazon goes nuclear Ben Fordham Debating Ukraine’s future: is victory possible? Chris O'Keefe FRNSW Commissioner warns against lithium-ion battery risks following tragic deaths Ray Hadley A Current Affair reporter lifts the lid on Bill Shorten’s response to convicted rapist using NDIS Ray Hadley ‘Ignore the knockers’ – Peter V’landys on NRL in America Ben Fordham ‘Spending spree’ – How did Tony Burke spend $57,000 in 4 days ? ﻿ Senior Minister Tony Burke has been on a spending spree with our money. The Workplace Relations Minister has failed to make a significant impact since taking on the job, but that hasn’t deterred him from spending big on an overseas trip shortly after coming into power. Hear more highlights from Ben Fordham Live in the […] Ben Fordham ‘War of words’ – Aussie politicians fight while Amazon goes nuclear ﻿ Australian politicians are fighting over nuclear costs, meanwhile Amazon isn’t afraid of nuclear power. Hear more highlights from Ben Fordham Live in the playlist below and give us a follow on Apple Podcasts: Ben Fordham Debating Ukraine’s future: is victory possible? ﻿ As tensions escalate and threats of nuclear warfare loom, the debate over Ukraine’s future intensifies, with questions arising about the effectiveness of ongoing support and the potential consequences of diplomatic solutions. Hear more highlights from Drive with Chris O’Keefe below: Chris O'Keefe FRNSW Commissioner warns against lithium-ion battery risks following tragic deaths ﻿ NSW Fire and Rescue Commissioner, Jeremy Fewtrell, joined Ray to discuss the tragic incident where two women died due to a lithium-ion battery fire. Fewtrell emphasised the importance of using reputable brands, avoiding battery damage and raises concerns about unsafe practices. Listen to more highlights from The Ray Hadley Morning Show below: Image: Fire […] Ray Hadley A Current Affair reporter lifts the lid on Bill Shorten’s response to convicted rapist using NDIS ﻿ A Current Affair reporter, Hannah Sinclair, joins Ray to give an update on convicted rapist Thomas Hofer, who used NDIS to try and meet young women. A young woman, Lucy, was dismissed by her employer for raising questions regarding Hofer’s tactics. Sinclair revealed that Minister for NDIS, Bill Shorten, gave ACA and Ray conflicting […] Ray Hadley ‘Ignore the knockers’ – Peter V’landys on NRL in America ﻿ The NRL’s Las Vegas experiment has paid off, and the decision to take the game overseas was a monumental success. ARLC Chair Peter V’landys spoke with Ben about the week that was and what the next few years could look like when the NRL goes through it all again! Hear more highlights from Ben […] Ben Fordham MORE HIGHLIGHTS Professor Ian Plimer – The state of the climate Mike Jeffreys 6 hours ago / 19:51 Exclusive – Alan Joyce RELAXES as Qantas faces fresh allegations Ben Fordham 05/03/2024 ‘Charity rort’ – Fresh scandal for Unemployed Workers Union Ben Fordham 05/03/2024 The complexities of rescuing wildlife Mike Jeffreys 6 hours ago / 09:22 Cooking with Sarah Boorer Mike Jeffreys 7 hours ago / 05:36 National Days for March 6 Mike Jeffreys 7 hours ago / 24:04 The issues that matter with Professor David Flint Mike Jeffreys 9 hours ago / 24:41 Innovative approach to ball incidents sparks debate: whose responsibility is it anyway? Chris O'Keefe 19 hours ago Afternoons with Michael McLaren – Tuesday, 5th March 2GB Afternoons 20 hours ago / 51:52 Nuclear energy sparks contentious debate in Australian politics Michael McLaren 22 hours ago Energy expert calls for immediate work to prepare for nuclear future Michael McLaren 22 hours ago Stewart Little calls for intervention amidst exodus of child protection case workers Ray Hadley 24 hours ago More Articles Advertisement Advertisement SPORT ‘Ignore the knockers’ – Peter V’landys on NRL in America Ben Fordham / 2 hours ago Innovative approach to ball incidents sparks debate: whose responsibility is it anyway? Chris O'Keefe / 19 hours ago 19 hours ago Breaking – Sam Kerr CHARGED with racially abusing a police officer Ben Fordham / 05/03/2024 05/03/2024 “We’re fitter, faster, and stronger.” The Dragons kick off their 2024 campaign on Saturday Adam Hawse / 04/03/2024 04/03/2024 NRL TIPPING 2024 Continuous Call Team / 04/03/2024 04/03/2024 More SPORT Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Content Apple abandons electric car plans Chris O'Keefe 01/03/2024 “Walking Wins” – Tips to reduce your risk of heart disease Dr Ross Walker / 07:51 24/02/2024 / 07:51 How can telcos keep your phone working at big events? Luke Grant 23/02/2024 What are the best NBN internet plans we can get for 2024? Clinton Maynard 22/02/2024 OUR NETWORKS ✖ Cookie and privacy notice We use cookies in order to personalise your experience and improve our services. See our privacy policy for more information. Accept 131 873 FEEDBACK 2GB 3AW 4BC 6PR Macquarie Sports Radio Subscribe to our Newsletter QUICK LINKS Shows Audio Competitions What’s On Sports Rugby League Live NEWS All News News Sports Money Lifestyle Join the conversation Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Keep up to date on YouTube Get the app on your phone Advertise with us Commercial Agreements Privacy Policy Support Complaints © Copyright Nine Radio 2024