ARTICLE 19 - Defending freedom of expression and information. Skip to content Cookies from Article 19 To make our website work, we save some essential small files (cookies) on your computer. With your permission, we would also like to save some extra cookies that help us improve how people find out about Article 19. Read more about the cookies we use in our Cookie Policy. Select cookie consent by type Visitor Statistics; These help us make our website better. Marketing; These let us make our marketing more relevant to potential customers. Allow selected extra cookies Allow all extra cookies Reject all extra cookies Manage preferences related to cookie consent in more detail What we do Where we work Campaigns Law and policy Latest News Search Search for: Donate About us What is freedom of expression? Global Expression Report 2023 International Board of Trustees The ARTICLE 19 story Our strategy: The Power of Our Voices Governance and funding Meet our teams Annual reports and accounts Frequently asked questions Accessibility Submit What we do Where we work Campaigns Law and policy Latest News About us Governance and funding Global Management Team Meet our teams Annual reports and accounts X ​​UN Human Rights Council: States must protect rights during conflicts Read more Latest Explore all stories Türkiye: Drop terrorism charges against journalist Furkan Karabay 05.03.20244 min read Europe: Time to turn the tide for press freedom 05.03.20246 min read Türkiye: Big tech should protect free speech and resist state censorship 04.03.202415 min read Belarus: Immediately release human rights defenders 04.03.20248 min read Senegal: Assault on journalist must be investigated 01.03.20243 min read ARTICLE 19 welcomes Dr Rasha Abdulla to our International Board of Trustees 01.03.20242 min read Conflict in Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territories ARTICLE 19 stands with the communities affected by the armed conflict in the occupied Gaza strip and Israel. We join partners and advocates around the world working to secure an immediate ceasefire between the parties. Go to page Stand up for Freedom of Expression ARTICLE 19: Learning platform Read full story Podcasts Read full story Join the ARTICLE 19 Community Read full story Invest in Freedom of Expression Your support funds our mission for a world where all people everywhere can freely express themselves and actively engage in public life without fear of discrimination. Support this vital work Featured Freedom of expression: How informed voice ensures we leave no one behind Read full story International Annual Report 2022: Raising Our Voices Together Read full story Equally Safe: Towards a feminist approach to the safety of journalists Read full story Global Expression Report Around the globe, 80% of us – that’s more than 6 billion people – are living with less freedom of expression than we had a decade ago. Explore the findings, compare country rankings, and use our data to make the case for positive change. Read more Our work in the European Union ARTICLE 19 works to ensure that European Union’s rules and frameworks uphold the commitments to human rights, particularly the right to free expression and the right to information. Go to our European Union page Press and Media Governance Work with us Privacy Notice About this site Raising a concern Safeguarding Contact us Accessibility Join our email list Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Twitter Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Youtube Registered charity number 327421 | A company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales no. 2097222 Scroll Up Subscribe to our Newsletter × Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase TextIncrease Text Decrease TextDecrease Text GrayscaleGrayscale High ContrastHigh Contrast Negative ContrastNegative Contrast Links UnderlineLinks Underline Reset Reset