Snopes.com | The definitive fact-checking site and reference source for urban legends, folklore, myths, rumors, and misinformation. Become a Member Search My Profile Logout Contact Us Latest Top Fact Checks News Archives Game About Us Randomizer Become a Member Login My Profile Logout Snopes Homepage Test your fact checking skills with the new Snopes True or False game! 2024 Election Israel-Hamas War President Joe Biden Donald Trump Military Featured Story Did Mike and Karen Pence Use IVF? The former second couple have openly discussed a nearly six-year period of infertility that included multiple fertilization procedures. Written by: Alex Kasprak Latest View All ABC Fired Jimmy Kimmel and Stephen Colbert? Written by: Taija PerryCook Trump Mistakenly Said 'Obama' When He Meant 'Biden' During Richmond Speech? Written by: Jordan Liles Netanyahu Once Said, 'America Is a Golden Calf and We Will Suck It Dry'? Written by: Taija PerryCook View All Latest Fact Checks View All RECALL: Trader Joe's Chicken Soup Dumplings Pulled for Containing Hard Plastic Written by: Jack Izzo Mar 4, 2024 Packs with the best-by date of 03.07.25 and lot codes C1-1 or C1-2 can be turned in to Trader Jo ... Read more Photo Shows Benjamin Netanyahu in Hospital with COVID-19? Written by: Aleksandra Wrona Mar 4, 2024 Social media posts claimed the prime minister of Israel contracted a "severe mutated strain of t ... Read more 'Saturday Night Live' Was Canceled for Being Too 'Woke'? Written by: Anna Rascouët-Paz Mar 4, 2024 A viral post claimed "Saturday Night Live" was taken off the air for no longer being funny. Read more Is Biden the 1st US President To 'Skip' a Cognitive Test? Written by: Taija PerryCook Mar 4, 2024 Increasingly, the 81-year-old U.S. president's memory is becoming a focal point for his reelecti ... Read more View All Latest News View All Fox News Guest Repeats False Story About 100 Migrants Attacking Guard at Chicago Home Depot Written by: Jordan Liles Mar 4, 2024 "You just brought me news," responded Fox News host Laura Ingraham, who in the next segment told ... Read more Maj. Gen. Thomas Suelzer Broke Military Code by Wearing Uniform During Trump Speech? Written by: Jack Izzo Mar 1, 2024 Military members are not allowed to wear their uniforms at partisan political events. Read more Panera Exempted from California Minimum Wage Hike Thanks to Newsom Link? Written by: Jack Izzo Mar 1, 2024 "That's how the sausage gets made," Newsom said about the exception. Read more Did Alice Cooper Babysit Keanu Reeves When Actor Was a Kid? Written by: Nikki Dobrin Feb 29, 2024 The pair reportedly lived in Toronto at the time during the 1970s. Read more View All Collections Myths About the Moon Landing Articles From Hoaxes to Mind-Benders: Snopes' Top 10 Stories from 2023 Articles 4 Fact Checks About Alleged Celebrity Satanism at the Super Bowl Articles Food Myths We All Fell For Articles Historical Facts and Rumors About America's Presidents Articles Simpson Predictions That Were Just Internet Hoaxes Articles View All Your membership is the foundation of our sustainability and resilience. Subscribe Now Become a Member Ad-Free Browsing on Snopes.com Members-Only Newsletter Cancel Anytime Snopes Classics View All Did Armed Trump Supporters Ask a Navajo Legislator If He's 'Legal'? Feb 2, 2018 Video footage shows an anti-immigration protester aggressively questioning Arizona state Rep. Er ... Read more Did Donald Trump Pay Off a Good Samaritan's Mortgage? Mar 3, 1998 Updated version of old urban legend claims Donald Trump rewarded a stranger who helped him chang ... Read more Dr Pepper Bought by Coca-Cola, to Be Discontinued Apr 17, 2016 An online hoax held that Coca-Cola had bought up rival soda brand Dr Pepper and would be shuttin ... Read more Does This Photograph Show a Misaligned Bridge? Jun 1, 2016 'Survey-scale inaccuracy or positioning errors can lead to costly construction mistakes such as ... Read more View All Advertisment: Most Searched Why Do People Think Temu Shopping App Is a Communist Scam That Spies on Users? 7.2M Migrants Have Illegally Crossed US Border Under Biden, Exceeding the Populations of 36 States? Is This Donald Trump in a Diaper? Did Taylor Swift Perform Witchcraft Onstage During Eras Tour? Did Jamie Oliver Prove McDonald's Burgers Are Unfit for Human Consumption? Guy Fieri Banned Whoopi Goldberg from His Restaurants, Saying 'She's Toxic'? What is Snopes? Snopes /snoʊps/ NOUN and sometimes VERB We are the internet’s go-to source for discerning what is true and what is total nonsense. Before you scroll further, a few tips on how to “snopes”: Search Thousands upon thousands of fact checks and investigations live in our archives. You might want to bookmark this page. Discover Browse the most popular or most recent content when you visit the Top Posts and What’s New pages. Submit Can’t find what you’re looking for? Send us a note. Your tip could be our next assignment. FAQ's What does 'snopes' mean? What makes Snopes a reliable resource? May I submit items for Snopes to fact-check? What is Snopes' fact-checking process? View All 100/100 NewsGuard has given Snopes a perfect 100/100 credibility rating, a score given to only a handful of news outlets with the highest of editorial standards. This badge signifies Snopes.com's compliance with the International Fact Checking Network's highest standards of combating misinformation online. Check out the International Fact Checking Network's Code of Principles to learn more about the standards we and our fellow fact-checking organizations follow. Company About Us FAQs Contact Us Submit a Topic Navigate Home Search Archive Random Sections Latest Top Fact Checks News Account Join Login Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter © 1995 - 2024 by Snopes Media Group Inc. This material may not be reproduced without permission. Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy DMCA Policy