TWU Home | Texas Woman's University | BOLDLY GO skip to main content Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Visitors Parents/Padres Campuses Denton Dallas Houston Libraries A-Z Index Directories Search Menu Search Texas Woman's University About Maps Parking Contact TWU Calendar of Events Administration Campuses, Institutes & Centers Attractions Traditions History of TWU For the Media Accreditation & Classification Purpose, Mission, Vision, Values... Academics Find Your Program My Courses Colleges & Departments Graduate School Academic Calendar Class Schedules Research & Discovery Catalogs Classrooms Admissions Admissions Office (Apply) Financial Aid Cost of Attendance Visit TWU Get Info about TWU Admissions Processing Student Life Student Life Home Housing Dining Student Union Fitness & Recreation Career Connections Center Student Health Services Mental Health Resources Find Resources Research Faculty Profiles Campuses, Institutes & Centers Libraries Office of Research & Sponsored Programs Center for Research Design & Analysis Center for Student Research Institutional Review Board Athletics Giving Ways to Give Give Online Now Contact Us Apply Visit Us Get Info Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Visitors Parents Padres Campuses Denton Dallas Houston Libraries A-Z Index Directories Close Menu (Close Menu) Search Search Close TWU Home Join us at TWU Night with the Rangers On April 23 at 7:05 p.m. the Rangers take on the Seattle Mariners at Globe Life Field! The first 800 fans who purchase tickets via the TWU Night link receive a limited edition co-branded Rangers jersey. Get tickets! Health CARING is what we do. TWU is leading the way in today’s Health Care programs. Explore everything from nutrition to administration. Explore health programs BOLDLY GO Apply Visit Us Get Info Welcome to TWU Why TEXAS WOMAN’S Your Investment Quality Programs Why TEXAS WOMAN’S Texas Woman’s is a public university known for its contributions and leadership in the fields of nursing, education, the health care professions, nutrition, the arts and sciences and business. #1 in DFW for graduate earnings vs cost #1 in Texas for ethnic diversity #1 in Texas for students with children Your Investment A quality education should be affordable and accessible. We offer more than $15 million in scholarships annually, and many financial aid options are available for first-year students, including grants, loans and part-time campus jobs. 2nd place ranking in Texas by Economist magazine for maximizing student earning potential 23% lower cost than national average for public universities $15M in scholarships offered annually Quality Programs TWU students have the opportunity to learn and work with faculty members who pursue leading research in their fields. Our students present research at regional, national and international conferences; win prestigious awards; and achieve major internships at companies across the U.S. Find programs that interest you 18:1 student to faculty ratio 92% pass rate on nursing licensure exam 94% pass rate on teacher certification exam Denton TWU’s Denton campus offers programs in nursing, liberal arts, fine arts, the sciences, health sciences, business and education, and it's just 40 miles from the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, assuring our students easy access to major arts, culture and career possibilities. Dallas The TWU T. Boone Pickens Institute of Health Sciences - Dallas Center offers programs in nursing, occupational therapy, physical therapy, health care administration, and an MBA; the center also houses the TWU Stroke Center—Dallas. Houston The TWU Institute of Health Sciences - Houston Center, located in the Texas Medical Center (TMC), offers programs in health care administration, nursing, nutrition and food sciences, occupational therapy, physical therapy, and an MBA. Check out our programs We have over 75 programs with 91 undergraduate and graduate degrees. Many are offered fully or partially online. Find a Program News See all news Zander featured on C-SPAN's Lecture in History series To hell and back Lecture series, mentoring program to address rural healthcare concerns Nutrition student turns capstone project into cookbook TWU Theatre faces challenge of Hamlet Heather Snow to serve as new AVP/Dean of Students Events See all events March 07 John Weinkein Juried Student Exhibition Reception March 19 Back to Basics: Debates and Campaigns April 01 Back to Basics: Election Day and Beyond April 03 Pioneer Palooza: Oakchella Denton: a great place to live and learn Denton among 10 Best College Towns in Texas Denton ranked 2nd among nation’s top boomtowns 24/7 Wall St. ranks Denton 7th among the 25 Best College Towns in the country And while Denton is a great college town, it’s not just a college town, according to neighborhoods.com My Courses Pioneer Portal Webmail Service Desk Privacy Policy Careers at TWU Pay for Classes Contact TWU Emergency Contact Information Digital Accessibility Texas Woman's University 304 Administration Dr. Denton, TX 76204 940-898-2000 © 2024 Texas Woman's University Class Schedules College for All Texans Compact with Texans Hazing Mental Health Resources Nondiscrimination Statement Report Fraud, Waste, or Abuse in Texas Texas CREWS Texas TRAIL Texas Transparency Texas Veterans Portal Texas.gov Title IX TWU Online Résumé