Information Age | ACS Close × {0} is already subscribed to Information Age. Click here to update your profile. Sorry, we doing some system maintenance and we could not subscribe you. Please try again later. Enter your details to subscribe to Information Age, the flagship title of the Australian Computer Society. Each week you'll receive a selection of the latest articles so you can stay up to date with the latest news, analysis and opinion. Email address: First name: Last name: I agree to receive Information Age. I declare that I have read, understood and agree to the ACS Privacy Policy and consent to my personal information being collected, held and processed for the purposes outlined in that policy. Please Confirm You Are Not A Robot. Subscribe × Thanks for signing up! × Sorry there was an error with your request. Search Subscribe ICT News Features Profiles Opinion Retrospects ACS News Galleries Subscribe Businesses liable for AI chatbot mistakes Air Canada’s “remarkable” excuses don’t fly with tribunal. Apple fined $3 billion by EU Favoured its own music streaming service over others. Pawsey becoming ‘national test lab’ for quantum Perth supercomputers are shaping the future of AI, quantum. NBN Co’s 500Mbps is the new 100Mbps Faster broadband is coming but could take a while. ASIC takes down 3,500 scam websites in six months Australians are losing billions to online crooks. News Media Bargaining Code might finally be used Government prepares to take on Meta. Shonky Grays car auctions draw $10m fine The latest in e-tailers misrepresenting products, prices, and delivery. Elon Musk sues ChatGPT maker for chasing profits Alleges OpenAI abandoned not-for-profit mission. Meta ditches Australian news Facebook News tab to be removed. Aggressive cyber spies targeting Australia now: ASIO Foreign agents recruiting Australians, hacking infrastructure. The Apple car dream is over Company shelves secretive EVs plan to focus on genAI. Has Cryptoloc solved credential stuffing for good? Microsoft 365 integration opens global opportunities for Brisbane innovator. ACS names Fellows and Honorary Life Members for 2023 Recognised for service to the Australian tech sector. Superloop rebuffs merger offer from Aussie Broadband Could have created a serious market rival to Telstra and Optus. Nvidia’s rise to the top should surprise no-one AI will heavily drive demand for its chips. Lockbit rises from ashes after police takedown Ransomware gang lists new victims on dark web. Major gender pay gaps in Australian tech firms Government told to “stop subsidising discrimination”. Gen Z: Give me flexibility or I’m out of here Australia’s youngest workers are laying down the law. Universities Accord calls for major reforms How to ensure most Australians have a degree by 2050. Healthcare savaged by cyber criminals Fingers pointed at third-party providers. Darwin welcomes first gaming and esports centre Government invests in digital entertainment. Meta plays hardball on new Australian media deals Not talking with publishers. Google pauses AI image generation after diversity errors Gemini tool gave offensive, inaccurate responses. AI has ‘profound implications’ for VET sector Institutions urged to tap data to attract, retain students. The top 3 in-demand tech skills of 2024 Australian businesses on the hunt. Medibank hacker detained in Russia Clumsy mistake may have tipped off officials. Migration changes cut overseas student numbers Universities warn of new policy’s “far-reaching implications”. ATO cops 4.7m cyber attacks every month Cyber security kept tax commissioner up at night. Police decimate LockBit ransom gang Servers taken down, dark-web site seized. Husic extols value of Australian quantum industry Didn’t stop him from favouring a US company. Online work experience highlights tech opportunities Targets underrepresented youth. Why a good manager makes all the difference It’s the key to productivity, retention, and wellbeing. Aussie crypto boss charged by ASIC Aryn Hala promised investors returns of up to 20 per cent. Sora can create AI-generated video from a text prompt Has OpenAI opened Pandora’s box? Govt admits to secretive quantum computer ‘exploration’ The hush-hush expression of interest process revealed. GenAI could return Australia to ‘heyday’ of growth Higher job demand and productivity on the cards. Government takes next steps against SMS scammers Multimillion-dollar scheme tackles brand impersonation. Urgent action needed to meet STEM workforce needs Workers face multiple barriers. Bad news if you drive a Toyota The cars collect and share a stack of data about you. ATO officials terminated over TikTok GST fraud At least 150 individuals investigated over scam. EVs in Australia cost $9,025 more than they should But regulatory changes are about to fix that. Overhaul VET courses to address tech jobs gap Courses need to be more industry-relevant. Govt appoints AI Expert Group Will guide introduction of ‘guardrails’. IT employee alleges NBN Co failed him Says debts lead to psychological harm. eSafety can’t keep up with risks of gen AI Review of Online Safety Act starts a year early. Bosses unhappy with Right to Disconnect laws Threaten to withdraw flexible working arrangements. Govt to rush ‘doxxing’ criminalisation laws Comes after group chat of Jewish writers published. Robodebt: Public servants breached code of conduct Sixteen individuals referred to the APS Commission. NBN Co optimistic despite plodding fibre rollout Doesn’t help that it’s bleeding customers. Jobs and Skills commissioner appointed Professor Barney Glover steps into 5-year term. App Store changes loom in Australia Apple being dragged “kicking and screaming”. Disney announces $2.29b stake in Epic Games Collaborates with Fortnite for games and entertainment universe. Big tech rallies around AI labelling standard Google, Meta, OpenAI supporting C2PA. Jail for exploiting migrant workers New protections have passed Parliament. Fatigue making cyber staff ‘less diligent’ Burnout contributes to 19 per cent of breaches. How data collection is helping businesses gouge you Warning that “exploitative” algorithmic pricing is driving inflation. UK Post Office execs to be grilled Disgraced former CEO to face inquiry. New rules to protect struggling telco customers All telcos must provide financial hardship assistance. Is Arc Search the future of web browsing? No ads, no pop-ups, and with an AI twist. Meta to label AI-generated content Will enforce industry standards for AI images. Company loses $40m to deepfake video call scam Scammers held meeting filled with AI versions of real people. Australia finally gets fuel efficiency standard Will no longer be a "dumping ground" for dirty vehicles. Coles inks deal with controversial big data firm Palantir accused of “serious human rights abuses”. Right to disconnect inches closer No need to answer work calls after hours. The Apple Vision Pro is ugly For so many reasons. © Copyright 2023 Australian Computer Society Privacy Policy | Submission Guidelines | About Information Age