Wake Forest University Skip to main content Menu Admissions Overview Quick Facts Life at Wake Affordability Visit & Tours Apply Winston-Salem, NC Academics Overview Majors & Minors Academic Calendar Libraries Research Global Studies Wake Downtown About WFU Overview Athletics Diversity & Inclusion Personal & Career Development Campus Life Administration Arts Stay Informed Wake Forest News Events Calendar WFU Magazine Inside WFU Campus Information Visitor Information Campus Photos Quad Cam 61° Weather Information for Future Students Current Students Parents & Families Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff College & Schools Undergraduate Graduate Business Divinity Law Medicine Professional Studies Search Search our site: Directories Search People Social Media Popular Searches Majors & Minors Tuition & Fees Academic Calendar Athletics Employment Human Resources Event Calendar Bookstore Study Abroad Wake Forest University Toggle Navigation Main Content Welcome to Wake Forest Our motto means more. Pro Humanitate (for humanity) invites us to use our ideas, knowledge, talents and compassion on behalf of humanity in all its difference and diversity. See how we live our motto » Our Winston-Salem, N.C., campus houses an academic community of almost 9,000 students, with more studying at Wake Forest locations in Charlotte, Washington, D.C., and around the world. Our undergraduate liberal arts curriculum inspires a holistic approach to preparing graduate and professional school students. We graduate leaders with integrity and courage who use their success to make an impact on society. Majors & Minors » Schedule a Visit » Apply Now » News News 2024 Commencement, Baccalaureate speakers announced One of the nation’s top health leaders, Dr. Mandy K. Cohen, Director for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, will deliver Wake Forest’s commencement address on Monday, May 20. Also joining Wake Forest for the commencement weekend will be baccalaureate speaker Reverend Gary Dorrien, Reinhold Niebuhr Professor of Social Ethics at Union Theological Seminary and Professor of Religion at Columbia University. News Wake Forest senior named Yenching Scholar Senior history major Oscar Bray has been selected for the prestigious Yenching Scholars Program at the Yenching Academy of Peking University in Beijing, China. The program is a globally recognized postgraduate initiative that gives young scholars a unique graduate education of global perspective. Wake Forest Magazine Windfall It’s not often that a group of alumni discovers a decades-old pot of money hiding in plain sight, but a fraternity's forgotten housing fund from the 1940s provides a scholarship fund to students today. Wake Forest News » Wake Forest Magazine » Photos and video » Around Campus Instagram Facebook X wfuniversity The Wake Forest community recently gathered to take part in the world-wide Daffodil Project, empowering Holocaust education, with the aim of planting 1.5 million daffodils in memory of the 1.5 million children who perished in the Holocaust. Holocaust survivor Margot Lobree shared her personal story of the Kindertransport.#ProHumanitate View Mar 5 694 2 Open wfuniversity Meet Dianne Dailey, a pioneer in women’s golf at Wake Forest. Wake Forest celebrates Women’s History Month. We are grateful for all of the #WakeWomen who shape the Wake Forest experience.#ProHumanitate #OurMottoMeansMore #GoDeacs View Mar 1 1748 16 Open wfuniversity Congratulations! Assistant Director of Advocacy and Social Justice Deb Marke and Rute Ayalew (‘24) have been named Wake Forest University’s 2024 Martin Luther King Jr. “Building the Dream” award winners.Building the Dream awards are traditionally presented to a professor or administrator and a student from Wake Forest who exemplify King’s qualities and promote diversity within the community.#ProHumanitate #OurMottoMeansMore #BlackHistoryMonth View Mar 1 773 20 Open wfuniversity Showers today, flowers tomorrow. ☔️🌷 View Feb 27 4646 4 Open wfuniversity Sixty-four years ago this week, students from @wssu1892 were joined by a group of students from Wake Forest to protest segregated lunch counters in Winston-Salem.Twenty-one students were arrested that day — 10 students from Wake Forest and 11 students from Winston-Salem State. The students’ non-violent protest, along with other protests in Winston-Salem, led to a desegregation agreement among local merchants in the city later that spring.We celebrate their bravery in the face of adversity, as well as their determination to spark positive change. #BlackHistoryMonth #ProHumanitate #OurMottoMeansMore View Feb 24 1946 4 Open wfuniversity Former U.S. Representative Liz Cheney and Jon Meacham, presidential historian and Pulitzer Prize-winning author, were on campus for two @facetofacewfu events yesterday – a student-led conversation and a sold-out keynote event.@leadershipandcharacter scholars Cheyenne Surin-Bullard (’24) and Rucker Robinson (’24) moderated the student-led conversation prior to the keynote. Annie Phan (’24) introduced Ms. Cheney.Liz Cheney served as the U.S. representative for Wyoming’s at-large congressional district from 2017 to 2023. She chaired the House Republican Conference, the third-highest position in the House Republican leadership, from 2019 to 2021, and served as the Vice Chair of the Select Committee investigating the Jan. 6 insurrection. She was also a member of the House Armed Services Committee, China Task Force, Natural Resources Committee and the House Committee on Rules. Cheney served previously at the State Department as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs, and in positions for USAID and the Department of State working in Poland, Hungary, Russia and Ukraine.Presidential historian and Pulitzer Prize-winning author Jon Meacham is one of America’s most prominent public intellectuals. A contributor to TIME and The New York Times Book Review, Meacham is a highly sought-after commentator, regularly appearing on MSNBC, CNN and other news outlets. A skilled orator with a depth of knowledge about politics, religion and current affairs, Meacham has the unique ability to bring history to life and offer historical context to current events and issues impacting our daily lives — whether we realize it or not — to audiences of all backgrounds and levels of understanding. View Feb 23 1316 4 Open wfuniversity #ProHumanitate is the purpose behind an educational experience Unrivaled by Any.#OurMottoMeansMore View Feb 22 2937 14 Open wfuniversity Lunar New Year Festival 2024 presented by @wfu_asia! 🧧 #lunarnewyear #wakethearts View Feb 19 339 4 Open wfuniversity Each year the University marks its founding in February 1834 by coming together to celebrate and reflect on our traditions, our history and our people. Founders Day is also a moment to affirm the University’s motto – #ProHumanitate. This year’s program featured the annual senior oration by Austin Torain (’24), musical selections from @wakechoirs, a celebration of Wake Forest milestones, and reflections from Vice President for Campus Life @sheakiddbrown on the distinctive values that inspired our founding and continue to shape our vision for the future. @presidentwente also provided remarks.During this year’s ceremony, the Medallion of Merit — the highest honor bestowed by Wake Forest for service to the University — was awarded to retired women’s golf coach Dianne Dailey and Professor Emeritus of English Claudia Kairoff. Dailey was the @wakewomensgolf coach for 30 years before retiring in 2018. The four-time ACC Coach of the Year led the @demondeacons to 30 team titles and 38 individual titles. During Dailey’s tenure, women’s golf won four ACC championships and qualified in 15 NCAA championships. Kairoff taught English at Wake Forest from 1986 to 2022 and received the 1993 Reid-Doyle Prize for Excellence in Teaching. A gifted teacher-scholar, she directed semesters abroad at Casa Artom in Venice and Worrell House in London. Kairoff is internationally recognized for her groundbreaking scholarship on 18th-century British women poets.#OurMottoMeansMore View Feb 16 1018 7 Open wfuniversity There are infinite ways to honor the spirit of #ProHumanitate. What bonds Wake Foresters is the choice to accept it as a calling. #OurMottoMeansMore View Feb 15 981 4 Open Events See all Events » Mar 5 Guest speaker: Dr. Thomas Karako 5:30 pm Benson University Center – 215 Pugh Auditorium The Wake Forest chapter of the Alexander Hamilton Society welcomes Dr. Thomas Karako, director of the Missile Defense Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, for a moderated discussion on nuclear weapons and missile strategy. Mar 5 Men's Basketball vs. Georgia Tech 9:00 pm Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum The Demon Deacons battle the Yellow Jackets of Georgia Tech in a late night matchup at the Joel. Go Deacs! Mar 6 Provost's Address to the University 4:00 pm Broyhill Auditorium Provost Michele Gillespie presents her annual address to the University. A reception hosted by the Office of the Provost will follow. Colleges & Schools Undergraduate Graduate Business Divinity Law Medicine Professional Studies Why Wake Forest? Affordability Wake Forest is committed to meeting 100% of demonstrated financial need through grants, scholarships, work-study, and subsidized loans. Our Hometown Within driving distance of both the Blue Ridge Mountains and Atlantic Coast, Winston-Salem offers the amenities of a larger city with the vibrant culture of an engaged community. Facts & Figures Get to know Wake Forest better by browsing a collection of quick facts, figures and rankings. By the Numbers 250+ is the number of student organizations that you can explore (or we’ll help you find a match) in order to discover your passion. Don’t find it? Apply to charter one! Explore Student Life » 11:1 is our student-to-faculty ratio. More than half of our undergraduate classes have fewer than 20 students. Only 1% have more than 50 students. Explore Academics » 60+% of undergraduates have an academic study-abroad experience, many of them in our academic-residential houses in London, Vienna and Venice. Explore Study Abroad » Whether cheering or playing, we all bleed Black and Gold VISIT ATHLETICS » A Private Liberal Arts University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina / Founded 1834 / Pro Humanitate 61° Is information on this page out of date or incorrect? Let us know. Back to Top Search our site: Where to start Admissions Majors & Minors Schedule a Visit Affordability Apply to WFU College & Schools Get to know WFU About Wake Forest Campus Life Athletics Visitor Information Wake Downtown Experience Winston-Salem Resources Human Resources Event Calendar Libraries Wellbeing Campus Map News & Media Work at Wake Directories Contact Support Wake Forest A gift to the Wake Forest Fund supports student needs immediately. Give now Wake Forest Giving Societies Where the most loyal Wake Forest supporters belong. Join today 1834 Wake Forest Road, Winston-Salem, NC 27109 Affiliates Privacy Emergency Non‑Discrimination Ethics Hotline social.wfu.edu ® 2024 Wake Forest University