Priceonomics - In Data We Trust In Data We Trust ECONOMICS RANKINGS DATA VISUALIZATION DATA STUDIO ABOUT US ARTICLES The Fortune 500 CEOs with the Best (and Worst) Headshots By Rohin Dhar What do the headshots of the world's top executives have to do with the performance of the companies they lead? How Much Did Cryptocurrency Mining Inflate GPU Prices? By Team Recurrency In 2018 I set up a mining rig with dual Radeon RX 470 GPUs. I was frustrated with how much they cost. The 470 was expensive and outdated. Your New iPhone Is Late By Team Recurrency Did you order your new iPhone already? If it hasn’t yet arrived, you may be in for a long wait. People Left Cities for Rural Zoom Towns. How Does That Impact Wildfire Risk? By Priceonomics Zoom towns with high wildfire risk are also seeing the fastest growth in home prices, and therefore the fastest increase in wildfire exposure Senior Citizens Face Mental and Financial Stress, Especially Women By Priceonomics Discover what our survey of Seniorly users revealed about gender and aging in America in the early months of 2021: a gender gap in stress and connectedness. The Fortune 500 CEOs with the Best (and Worst) Headshots By Rohin Dhar What do the headshots of the world's top executives have to do with the performance of the companies they lead? The Companies Where Employees Most Often Get Payday Loans By Priceonomics The vast majority of people who get payday loans are employed. Here's where they work. The Places with the Best (and Worst) Nursing Homes in America By Team Recurrency Analyzing online reviews of nursing homes to reveal the areas of the countries with the best and worst. The Pandemic Plastic Waste Disaster By Team Recurrency As the pandemic unfolded, we used a lot more plastic in 2020 around the world. Will it continue? The New Jersey Single Family Home Price Boom By Team Recurrency Home prices spike as people seek out backyards and more space during the pandemic. Why Do People Get Payday Loans? Here’s How it Breaks Down By Income, Age and Location By Priceonomics Analyzing the reasons why people get payday loans. The Wildfire West: Where Housing Sprawl and Wildfire-Prone Areas Collide By Team Recurrency Ranking the Cities with the Most New Homes Built in High-Risk Wildfire Zones The Most & Least Expensive U.S. Cities for Cannabis Amid COVID-19 By Team Recurrency Is cannabis cheaper through delivery or at dispensaries during COVID-19? How Much Money Do Communications Majors Make? By Team Recurrency You might graduate with a lot of a debt and very low income, depending on the college. Is Insurance More Expensive in Black Neighborhoods? By Priceonomics Black neighborhoods pay 20% more in renters insurance. Most and Least Affordable Places to Buy a Home By Team Recurrency How much of a house's purchase price will the typical annual salary cover in cities across America. Bootcamp Satisfaction Statistics: What Jobs Can You Get After a Coding Bootcamp? By Priceonomics Bootcamp graduates are generally pretty satisfied (unless they end up unemployed or in non-technical roles afterwards). As the Economy Reopened, Job Applications Surged By Priceonomics In this article, we’ll look at job applications. Are people looking for work currently or still shying away from employment due to the virus? How Many Healthcare Workers Have Gotten Coronavirus? By Team Recurrency According to our estimate 10.9% of coronavirus cases in the United States are healthcare workers. The Housing Crisis: How Much Do Payday Loan Recipients Pay for Housing? By Priceonomics Just how much do low-income Americans who get pay payday loans pay for housing? Hourly Job Market Update: Categories Where Jobs Are Growing (and Where They Are Gone) By Priceonomics Quantifying the devastating impact of COVID-19 on the hourly job market. The Places in America with the Most At-Risk Populations Based on Age By Team Recurrency The places in America with the most and least people above the age of 65 years old. Which Industries Will Be Transformed By Blockchain (and the Ensuing Data Glut That Follows)? By Team Recurrency Much of the media hype around blockchain has simmered, but the enterprise is still interested. The Places in America with the Best (and Worst) Hospitals By Team Recurrency The states and cities in America with the best and worst rated hospitals according to Medicare data. 5G Is 200X Faster and Will Unlock Everything. Here’s Who’s Ready. By Team Recurrency Higher speeds, lower latency, massive device proliferation, and customized networks. Here's what's coming with 5G. Places with Most (and Least) Traffic Fatalities in America By Team Recurrency An analysis of traffic death by state, drunk driving, and who buckles their seatbelt. 1 2 3 4 … 52 Next Page » POPULAR 5G Is 200X Faster and Will Unlock Everything. Here’s Who’s Ready Just like 4G brought us Uber and the appification-of-everything, 5G will rewrite concepts of speed. The Most Wanted Cars in America What's the most desired car in America? What Kind of Online Fraud is Growing the Fastest? You’d never blindly send money to a stranger who emailed you asking for it, would you? How Much Money Do Private Equity Firms Generate? According to McKinsey, $233 billion was invested in private equity in 2017. Buy American Cars (or Not) There are lots stereotypes about regions in America. People in the South are gun-toting individualists. People in San Francisco are Economics Rankings Data Visualization Data Studio About Us Terms Contact Us Request a Demo Submit