Internet Hall of Fame: Celebrating Internet Visionaries Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer Search Dropdown♥ Donate Search for:Search Button About Advisory Board 2023 Induction Ceremony Previous Events Inductees News Blog Announcements 2023 Awards Recognizing the People Who Bring the Internet to Life Meet the 2023 Inductee Class The Internet is one of the most significant advances of our time. It brings benefits to every single person on the planet, whether they’re connected or not. It opens up new possibilities, expands our knowledge, and drives economies. But it wouldn’t be what it is today without the people who made it that way. The Internet Hall of Fame is a way to recognize their incredible accomplishments. It’s where we highlight their work, honor their determination, capture their spirit, and celebrate their lives. Congratulations 2023 Inductees On 26 September 2023 we announced our latest inductee class. Congratulations to this esteemed group for their groundbreaking contributions! Read the Announcement Hall of Fame Highlights Nine Internet Pioneers Will Join the Internet Hall of Fame on 26 SeptemberThe Internet Hall of Fame will welcome nine new inductees in a virtual induction ceremony on 26 September 2023 starting at 14:00 UTC. Pål Spilling: Norwegian Internet PioneerPål Spilling worked to link the U.S. ARPANET to the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment (NDRE) in Kjeller, Norway. Paving the way for a global network, he helped extend that connection to an overseas node at the University College London. Alejandro Pisanty and the Importance of Intellectual CuriosityIt’s quite a leap from petroleum engineering to Internet pioneering, but that’s precisely the move made by Alejandro Pisanty, who set out in college to be an oil industry engineer, then made a sharp turn into the world of computer technology. Internet Hall Of Fame Inductees Internet Hall of Fame inductees have created, built, protected, shaped, advanced, or expanded the Internet. Meet the Inductees Image Copyright: © Stonehouse Photographic, © Stonehouse Photographic, headshots are courtesy of the inductees and their families Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us The Internet Hall of Fame is presented by: USA 11710 Plaza America Drive Suite 400 Reston, VA 20190 +1-703-439-2120 Switzerland Rue Vallin 2 CH-1201 Geneva +41-22-807-1444 Other Offices © 2024 Internet Society