ACT | College and Career Readiness Solutions Skip to content act.org,actprofile.org,act.org,actstudent.org,act.alertline.com,services.actstudent.org,career4.successfactors.com,engage.act.org,discoveractaspire.org,qc.vantage.com,myworkkeys.act.org,twitter.com,facebook.com,youtube.com,plus.google.com,linkedin.com,preview.act.org,workreadycommunities.org,pearson.com,instagram.com,actaspire.org,run2.careerready101.com,run2.keytrain.com,leadershipblog.act.org,my.act.org Toggle navigation Menu Menu Open Notifications Open Search Form Start Your Journey Here Plan for College and Career Take the ACT School and District Assessment Career-Ready Solutions News & Blog Students & Parents K-12 Workforce Higher Ed Open Search Form Open Notifications MyACT Search Search site... Close Search Other ACT Services and Products Register for the ACT! Next Test Date: April 13 Registration Deadline: March 8 Late Registration Deadline: March 24 (Late Fee Applies) Register for the ACT Get a Registration Reminder An April Assist From ACT The season for collegiate sports tournaments is on the way. We want to assist you in taking a shot at your dreams for the April ACT test. With registration, get access to a free event hosted by Kaplan + $9 off your Test Information Release (TIR) question and answer key. Get Your Assist The Roadmap to Success: Preparing Early for Your Best College Experience A free virtual event for high school students and their champions. The transition from high school to college doesn't have to be so overwhelming when it involves strong planning and habit-building. With expert advice from Collegewise admission counselors, you'll be all set to approach college with a greater sense of direction and confidence. Register now and secure your seat. Register Today Learn More About My Journey More Information About the ACT Test The ACT Test ACT Test Prep Your Scores Fee Waivers Select your role below as a starting point for browsing our website. Students and Parents K-12 Professionals Higher Ed Professionals Workforce Professionals Resources for Students and Parents Start Your Journey Here We offer many resources that can help you stay on the path to high school success while considering your college and career options. High School, College, and Career Recursos de planificación universitaria ¿Sabías que ACT tiene recursos de planificación universitaria disponibles en español? Encontrarás un examen de práctica de ACT gratuito, consejos para el examen, videos y otros recursos. Estudiantes y padres Increase access for all students with flexible ACT solutions for schools, districts, and states. Learn more about how your school or district can offer an official administration of the ACT test during a school day. Learn More About ACT District Testing Resources for K12 Professionals On Demand Recording: Creating a College and Career Readiness Day Hear ACT experts and guest speakers talk about what a College and Career Readiness Day is and how to have a successful event at your school. Download the CCR Day Webinar Resources for Counselors Access materials with information to help students register for the National ACT test, learn about test prep options, and much more! View the Counselor Toolkit ACT News and Thought Leadership ­ACT’s news and thought leadership content advances our mission of helping people achieve education and workplace success. Read the latest news about ACT and gain insights from thought leaders who are helping learners, their families, and educators discover and navigate pathways toward college and career success. News and Blog ACT Research Our Vision For the Media Fighting for Fairness in Education ACT's Center for Equity in Learning is focused on fighting for fairness in education and to help create a world where everyone can discover and fulfill their potential. "I want to thank ACT and everyone involved with the scholarship for this opportunity and to tell children who look like me, or have a background like me, that it is possible to become who you want to be." - Sage Rodriguez, ACT Scholar and Kirkwood Community College Student Equity at ACT Students & Parents K-12 Professionals Higher Education Workforce International About ACT Careers Events Solutions & Services State & Federal Programs News & Thought Leadership Blog Research For the Media Sign In © by ACT, Inc. Terms of Use Instgram Tik Tok Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Privacy Policy| Vendor Resources| Report Cheating| Ethics| Contact| × This action will open a new window. Do you want to proceed? OK Cancel × × Welcome to ACT If you are accessing this site from outside the United States, Puerto Rico, or U.S. Territories, please proceed to the non-U.S. version of our website. Close Go Top