Chicken Sandwiches, Waffle Potato Fries, Salads & More | Chick-fil-A Skip to main content Chick-fil-A - Home of the Original Chicken Sandwich Chick-Fil-A Find a restaurant Order Now Close Main Nav Sign In Menu Breakfast Entrées Salads Sides Kid's Meals Treats Beverages Dipping Sauces and Dressings Catering Stories About Who We Are Great Food Giving Back History S. Truett Cathy Brands Careers Find a restaurant Search Order now Sign In Find a Restaurant Please enter an address Use my location Find a Restaurant Please enter an address Use my location Welcome Welcome An original then, an original now Order pickup Order delivery Discard Previously Ordered Polynesian Sauce! Please click here to read an important message... Click here to close the message Discard Previously Ordered Polynesian Sauce Jan 1, 0001 Please discard any Polynesian Sauce dipping cups that you may have taken home between February 14-27, 2024. The Polynesian Sauce dipping cups may contain a different sauce that includes wheat and soy allergens. If you have any questions, please call Chick-fil-A CARES at 1 (866)-232-2040. Or search for nearby restaurants The address you entered is not valid Find a restaurant near your location. The address you entered is not valid Use my location Spicy Deluxe Sandwich Pepper Jack Cheese on spicy chicken on tomatoes, green leaf lettuce, dill pickles, and a toasted bun. The Spicy Deluxe is a whole lot of flavor to savor. View product Limited time Mango Passion A twist of mango and passionfruit flavors in our classic Sunjoy®, Lemonade, Iced Tea and Frosted Lemonade offers you four new ways to pick your paradise. View products Waffle Potato Fries Waffle-cut potatoes cooked in canola oil until crispy in the outside and tender on the inside. Then sprinkled with just the right amount of sea salt. View product Explore the full menu Whether you're hungry for a Chick-fil-A® Chicken Sandwich, salads prepared fresh daily or a Grilled Chicken Club Sandwich, we're here to serve you delicious food made with quality ingredients every day (except Sunday). Find something to eat Share a little love A little thing for those you love a lot The cows agree: The gift of Chick-fil-A is a mooving way to show you care. Shop eGift cards Catering for any occasion From breakfast and party trays to feeding a crowd, Chick-fil-A® Catering has something for every gathering. View catering menu Rewards Eat more, receive more When you join the Chick-fil-A One® rewards program you can start earning points to redeem for the food you love. Learn about Chick-fil-A One Make your meals more rewarding Sign up for Chick-fil-A One® Receive points with every qualifying purchase. Redeem for available rewards of your choice. Learn more about our loyalty program. Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play Nutrition & Allergens Customer Support Legal Franchising Merchandise Press Room Do business with us Terms and Conditions of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Cookie and Internet-Based Advertising Policy Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Cookie Preference Center Accessibility Locations listing Careers Supply Chain © 2024 CFA Properties, Inc. All rights reserved. Facebook Instagram YouTube