Population Media Center Skip to Main Content Storytelling squiggly line Goals squiggly line The Latest squiggly line About squiggly line 25 Years squiggly line Partner squiggly line Donate squiggly line search Search facebook twitter linkedin youtube Storytelling for the Global Good Donate to PMC squiggly line Partner with PMC squiggly line Where We Work squiggly line Our Goals squiggly line Entertaining a More Sustainable World We’re raising global sustainability on the most human level — by telling transformative stories. Learn More Focused on Impact We inspire people, especially women and girls, to write their own life stories. We empower entire communities to build a healthier, more equitable and flourishing world for all. Imagine the exponential progress possible when we reach people on the most personal level, at scale, toward a goal we all share: an equitable, sustainable world. 1.4x underline Pambazuko listeners were 1.4 times more likely to say they strongly agree that “Having a small family size will have less impact on the environment.” 2x underline Listeners in Burundi were 2 times more likely than non-listeners to know where they could obtain family planning methods. 3x underline Listeners in Nepal were 3 times more likely to believe girls should be encouraged to continue their education to higher levels. 1.8x underline Adolescent viewers of Vencer el Miedo were 1.8 times more likely to have used dual contraception to prevent unintended pregnancies. View Full Impact Get The Latest Updates From PMC The Shows That Remake Our World Combining behavior theory, media industry insight, and character-driven, culturally relevant storylines, our transformative approach empowers by entertaining. At scale. By popular demand. For global good. East Los High 27,000+ people used Planned Parenthood’s “The Check” widget on EastLosHigh.com to explore reprodutive health options. Mai Sari Sunakhari When compared to nonlisteners, Mai Sari Sunakhari listeners were 3x more likey to encourage girls to continue their education. Zoukoutap Zoukoutap has changed attitudes and behaviors on child slavery and family planning in Haiti since 2013. View All Projects 8 Billion Opportunities The world’s population reached 8 billion people in 2022. PMC used this opportunity to draw global attention to the social and environmental power of prioritizing health, education, and equity for all. Get Involved The Latest From PMC PMC Celebrates Women’s History Month: Empowering Women, Transforming Futures. Featured Response to Concerns about Low Birth Rates PMC Celebrates women’s history month: empowering women, transforming futures. Thought Leadership Breaking News: Toma Mi Mano Returns in 2024! View All Do You Share Our Vision? underline Join us in promoting the equitable, sustainable world we’re all fighting for, one action at a time. Donate Now Sign Up to Receive Impact and Stories Directly to Your Inbox Population Media Center Logo Donate The Latest Careers Contact Financials ©2024 Population Media Center. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy. | Nonprofit Web Design by NMC.