Marquette University // Be The Difference Skip to content marquette.edu // Search // A-Z Index // Give to Marquette Marquette UniversityBe The DifferenceAdmissions Applying to Marquette Ready to apply? The links below will direct you to the online application pages for each college, school or special academic program. ADMISSIONS FOR Undergraduate programs Graduate programs Graduate business Dentistry Law Online Programs SPECIAL ACADEMIC PROGRAMS Study abroad Study in Washington, D.C. Special academic programs International students Transfer students Summer studies Visit Marquette Marquette University, an urban university located in Milwaukee, Wis., provides daily visits to prospective students. Visit Marquette. Watch students tell their stories What's it like to live, study and play at Marquette University? Nobody knows better than those doing just that. Watch students tell their stories in My Marquette. Academics Academics at Marquette Marquette is routinely listed among the country's top universities, renowned for academic rigor, innovation and the achievements of its community of scholars. Colleges and schools Klingler College of Arts and Sciences College of Business Administration Diederich College of Communication College of Education Opus College of Engineering College of Health Sciences College of Nursing Graduate School Graduate School of Management Law School School of Dentistry Rankings Marquette ranks 86th in the 2024 edition of America's Best Colleges, released by U.S. News & World Report. View more rankings. Enhance your experience Whether it's through studying abroad, community service or student organizations, Marquette students take advantage of numerous programs to add to their experience. About About Marquette Marquette is a Catholic and Jesuit university located in Milwaukee, Wis., that offers more than 80 majors in its nationally and internationally recognized colleges and schools. About Marquette Tuition & costs Catholic & Jesuit Diversity at Marquette Our mission Our history Student demographics Academics Colleges & schools Majors & programs How we measure the student experience Assessment Accreditation Rankings & recognition Marquette en Español Acerca de Marquette Beyond the classroom Community Engagement Economic Engagement Land Acknowledgment Safe Campus COVID-19 Information University safety Libraries The libraries at Marquette The libraries at Marquette are a place where people, technology, and the printed word come together in a vibrant atmosphere that advances learning and discovery. Raynor Memorial Libraries Raynor Memorial Libraries website Library hours Raynor Memorial information desk: (414) 288-7556 Law Library Ray & Kay Eckstein Law Library website Current semester hours Building hours Student services Law information desk: (414) 288-7031 Collections and archives The Department of Special Collections and University Archives features university treasures, including the J.R.R. Tolkien Collection. University Archives Learn about the collections Search the collections Digitized collections Research Research at Marquette Research at Marquette has a strong sense of purpose and action, whether through the extension of knowledge beyond existing boundaries, the development of solutions to the world’s most pressing problems or the search for answers to life’s deepest questions. Learn more Grants, awards & presentations Books by Marquette faculty Discover research at Marquette Centers & institutes Faculty awards Office of Research & Innovation Office of Research & Sponsored Programs Marquette experts DISCOVER Marquette research Every spring, DISCOVER: Marquette University Research and Scholarship showcases some of the most interesting research happening on and off campus. Check out our interactive 2019 Discover Magazine Accessible PDF See past issues Athletics Athletics at Marquette The university's 16 varsity sports teams play in the BIG EAST Conference. Join us as we proudly say: We are Marquette! Teams Men's basketball Women's basketball Cross country Men's golf Men's lacrosse Women's lacrosse Men's soccer Women's soccer Men's tennis Women's tennis Track & field Women's volleyball Tickets The Ticket Office conducts ticketing for seven Golden Eagles' varsity sports: men’s and women’s basketball, men’s and women’s lacrosse, men’s and women’s soccer and women’s volleyball. Spirit Shop The Spirit Shop features the most popular brands of attire for Marquette fans. Shop on campus or online. Alumni Marquette alumni Ring out ahoya with fellow alumni through the Marquette University Alumni Association, an organization of nearly 110,000 members worldwide. Learn more About MUAA Class notes and news Clubs & chapters Events & reunions Alumni Newsletter Networking Join the CIRCLES business networking program Connect with the MUAA group on LinkedIn Marquette Magazine Marquette Magazine is the university's official quarterly alumni publication. View latest issue. Giving Help to enrich and expand student opportunities, support our teacher-scholars, foster innovation and transform our campus. Give online today and rise with us! Your journey begins here. Start your application Tour Campus Discover our difference Your journey begins here. Start your application Tour Campus Request more info Arrive knowing your time here will shape you. Leave ready to Be The Difference. Top 20%Best National Universities— U.S. News & World Report No. 6 in the nationfor job placement— Zippia, U.S. Department of Education data Located in the heart of Milwaukee, Wisconsin— A National Geographic "Best of the World 2023" city Est. 1881 Marquette is a Catholic, Jesuit university with more than 11,000 undergraduate and graduate students in 11 nationally and internationally recognized colleges and schools. Here, you will discover the knowledge, skills and community needed to build meaningful careers, lead purposeful lives and impact the world around you. UNDERGRADUATE 80+ majors, 80+ minors Explore Our Majors and Minors GRADUATE 100+ certificate, master’s and doctoral degree programs Discover Our Graduate Programs ONLINE Online undergraduate and graduate programs Connect With Online Learning HEALTH PROFESSIONAL PROGRAMS 9 programs in professional health Examine Our Professional Health Programs LAW 17 practice areas Investigate Our Law Programs and Degrees GRADUATE BUSINESS PROGRAMS Nationally ranked MBA programs Review Our World-Class Master's Programs Best Value in Private Colleges 13:1 student-to-faculty ratio #16 Best Schools for Internships (private universities) At Marquette, you will be a part of something greater. WE AREMARQUETTE 68% of our students participate in service Students from 68 countries 1,677 first-generation undergraduate students 115,000 alumni around the world and growing A Marquette education doesn’t stop the day you graduate. Think of all the places you will go! 91%of our alumni areemployed or in graduate schoolone year after graduation. 2021 Undergraduate Alumni Survey 96%of students withfull-time employmentsaid their job wasrelated to their career goals. Undergraduate First Destination Survey 2021 96%of our alumni areemployedfull time10 years after graduation. Zippia, U.S. Dept. of Education data Special delivery After Russia invaded Ukraine, alumnus Zachary Dmyterko braved a war zone to deliver a van load of humanitarian aid to the Ukrainian people. Today, he’s still sending supplies. Read Zachary’s mission La isla del encanto Las Experiencias Diederich se reanudan con estilo de la mano de un grupo de estudiantes de comunicación que exploran oportunidades profesionales junto con graduados de Marquette en la encantadora isla de Puerto Rico. Lee mas acerca de esta experiencia And you'll join a supportive alumni network of women and men for and with others. Learn more about our comprehensive fundraising campaign RESEARCH, SCHOLARSHIP AND INNOVATION National recognition. Generous support. Expanded research impact. REVERSING PREDIABETIC FATIGUE A clinical trial will examine the potential for a special exercise regimen to reverse the fatigue and help patients manage prediabetes in order to prevent it from progressing to Type 2 diabetes. Read about this study Extended Reach Faculty win more top-tier NIH grants as Marquette launches initiatives to help them achieve at this level. Read about NIH grants Illuminating Indigenous histories A novel research and community-building program provides opportunities for Indigenous students to promote a deeper understanding of their shared heritage. Read about the Indigeneity Lab Business + Innovation Introducing the new home for Marquette Business and Innovation Leadership Programs Read about the new state-of-the-art facility Inside information requests Journalism professor researches whom freedom of information laws truly serve. Read about this research NICU NICU parents experience more stress during pandemic Read about the NICU study Community is at the heart of all we do. $15.5 millionThe dollar amount of donated dental services that Marquette dentistry students provide annually to more than 17,000 patients through our Milwaukee clinics. 85+Nonprofit organizations/schools in the greater Milwaukee area that have benefited from 168,000 hours of service provided by Burke Scholars since the program began 25 years ago. $40 millionCombined investment by Northwestern Mutual, Marquette University and the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee to create Northwestern Mutual Data Science Institute. THE HUMAN(ITIES) TOUCH With a passion for change and collaboration, two students help land $2 million for liberal arts-oriented innovation. Read about this project COMMUNITY COLLABORATORS Nursing faculty work with Milwaukee community partners to focus their research on real-time health care needs in the neighborhood. Read about this partnership Meet us in Milwaukee. Whether you’re from Shanghai or Chicago, Tallahassee or Toyko, you’re going to fall in love with our hometown. Milwaukee offers professional sports teams, live music, world-renowned festivals, award-winning dining, and a vibrant arts and theatre scene. It’s large enough to offer all this and more, but small enough to get around easily. You’ll also find hundreds of ways to Be The Difference in our surrounding communities through volunteer service opportunities and service-learning courses. And with several top employers making Milwaukee home, you may just find yourself sticking around after you get your diploma. THERE’S ONLY ONE WAY TO GET HERE. Apply Today Location Marquette University 1250 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, WI 53233 Phone: (800) 222-6544 Key Resources español Careers Campus map Campus contacts Contact us Search marquette.edu Marquette Today eMarq CheckMarq D2L MyJob University safety MARQUETTE A to Z ABCDEFGHIJKLM NOPQRSTUVWXYZ Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Non-Discrimination Policy Accessible Technology © 2024 Marquette University ©