Interview Magazine X X Art Music Fashion Culture Film Shop Masthead Contact Us Newsletter Subscribe Get the magazine! Newsletter Sign up! Art Music Fashion Culture Film Shop Director Abel Ferrara Doesn’t Want to Take Part in Your Q&A MILAN FASHION WEEK Mel Finds Out Who’s Wearing Underwear at Bottega Veneta Winter 2024 by Mel Ottenberg Tour Diary “The Vibes Are Incredibly Strange”: On the Road With the Boys of Militarie Gun by Lily Kwak IN CONVERSATION Sayre Gomez and Jonas Wood On Poker, Parenthood, and Paleontology by Jonas Wood OPEN BOOK Author Jennifer Croft on the Power of Translation and the Joy of Paperbacks by Juliette Jeffers COLLECTOR Photographer Jack Pierson Walks Us Through His Personal Art Collection by Emily Sandstrom MUSE Molly Ringwald and Gus Van Sant Are Still Searching for the Real Capote by Gus Van Sant paris fashion week “I Like a Little Nipple”: Mel and Rachel Sennott Talk Balenciaga FW24 March 4, 2024 “My favorite things were the panty dresses,” confessed the “Bottoms” star, who recapped Demna’s latest collection with our EIC. “That really spoke to me.” PARIS FASHION WEEK “Cute Clothes and Cute Boys”: Our Recap of Loewe FW24 March 4, 2024 At the Loewe FW24 show, we caught up with Catherine O’Hara, Meg Ryan, and Emily Ratajkowski to recap another Jonathan Anderson triumph. sound advice Julie Ragbeer Invites Her “Ragdolls” to Listen to This Playlist March 4, 2024 For this week’s SOUND ADVICE, the viral bedroom pop sensation made us a playlist of songs by the women she stans. IN CONVERSATION Aria Dean and Louis Osmosis Talk Sculpture and Sperm Banks at Dover Street Market March 1, 2024 On a trip to London to celebrate their recent solo shows, the artists reached a bold conclusion: “Everything lives within a sperm bank and we are all just illegitimate children of one another.” RORSCHACH TEST Kristen Kish, the New Face of Top Chef, on Graza, Gay Bars, and Getting Married March 1, 2024 Before she enters the pressure-cooker environment as the new host of the legendary show’s 21st season, the chef and TV personality sounds off on a bunch of topics chosen at semi-random. DIRECTOR “Fuck That Hairdresser”: Julio Torres, in Conversation with Alexa Demie March 1, 2024 The writer and actor joined the “Euphoria” star to talk about the family lore and frenetic bosses that inspired his directorial debut, “Problemista.” PARIS FASHION WEEK “Skanky Bandage Dress or Business Lady?”: Our Recap of Off-White FW24 February 29, 2024 After seeing the new Off-White collection in Paris, our editor-in-chief gathered Shygirl and Lisa Rinna to get their instant reactions to the show. Sound Advice Twin Peaks Composer Angelo Badalamenti Drops a Posthumous Playlist for Balenciaga February 29, 2024 For this week’s SOUND ADVICE series, Danielle Badalamenti answers a few questions about her late-father’s career. ART Kiyan Williams Is Deep Frying the American Flag February 29, 2024 “I got that recipe from my grandmother, who uses it for catfish. I use paprika for the seasoning because it creates this great color. I think of the seasonings as pigment.” LIT “Catharsis Is For Unsent Emails”: Sloane Crosley, in Conversation With Jay McInerney February 29, 2024 “I’ve found that writing about my life makes everything just a teeny tiny bit worse,” says the author, whose new book delves into the suicide of her friend and mentor. PARIS FASHION WEEK “Seductive. Sensual. Erotic!”: A Recap of Saint Laurent FW24 February 28, 2024 After the Saint Laurent show in Paris, our editor-in-chief Mel Ottenberg fielded instant reactions from a rogue’s gallery of hotties. fashion She Is Miss Claire Sullivan February 28, 2024 The New York–based designer and Zsela, her music-making muse, tell us why they’re a perfect fit. IN STUDIO Chella Man Is Collaborating With His Younger Selves February 28, 2024 The Deaf and trans illustrator told fellow artist Christine Sun Kim why his new exhibition at Hannah Traore Gallery feels like it’s in dialogue with his younger self. PARIS FASHION WEEK “She Makes Me Want to Be a Rich Woman”: Mel on Dior FW24 February 27, 2024 After seeing Maria Grazia Chiuri’s latest collection in Paris, our editor-in-chief tracked down an “anonymous fashion diva” to talk all things Dior. adrenaline Bktherula Is Always Up February 27, 2024 The Atlanta-based rapper spills on house parties, Pedialyte, and her go-to order at American Deli. ARCHIVES A Young Jodie Foster Visits Andy Warhol at The Factory February 27, 2024 In her June 1980 Interview cover story, the “True Detective: Night Country” star talked burgeoning stardom and college acceptances while dodging questions about her romantic life with humor and poise. LIT “We’re Not Crazy”: Emmeline Clein, in Conversation With Cat Marnell February 27, 2024 In advance of her debut book, “Dead Weight,” Clein was joined by literary it-girl Cat Marnell to talk Ozempic, Reddit feminism, and the pervasiveness of eating disorders. OPEN BOOK Author Andrew Ewell Doesn’t Believe in Anti-Heroes February 27, 2024 “I am toying with a certain literary self-consciousness,” says the “Set For Life” author, who joined us in “Open Book” to talk unlikeable characters and literary affairs. SUPERSTAR Remembering Jackie Curtis, the Superstar Who Brought Drag to Off-Off Broadway February 26, 2024 An homage to the master of camp and the controversial play that defined her work. sound advice Houston Rapper KenTheMan Makes Us a Playlist Fit For a Gemini February 26, 2024 In this week’s Sound Advice, the “He Be Like” rapper confessed to a DoorDash snafu ahead of the release of her punchy new single, “Pussy.” More FOLLOW US @INTERVIEWMAG Powered by Juicer.io Newsletter Masthead | Privacy | Terms | Contact Copyright © 2024 Interview Magazine. All Rights Reserved.