Taco John’s | Original Tacos, Burritos, Potato Olés® and more Skip to content Taco John's Search Order Now Catering Menu Rewards App Locate Careers FAQ Toggle Main Menu Toggle Search Toggle Main Menu Toggle Search Company History Leadership Contact Us Franchise Gift Cards Coupons News Taco Tuesday Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nutrition Information (PDF) Allergens (PDF) Taco John's Search Search Menu Locations Rewards Careers Franchise Gift Cards Company History Leadership Contact Us Franchise Gift Cards Coupons News Taco Tuesday Connect With Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nutrition Information (PDF) Allergens (PDF) TRY IT TODAY Order Now Try It Today Learn More See what Real Value tastes like. Our ValuEST menu brings in premium ingredients without the premium price. With options starting at just $1, you won’t find value like this anywhere else. Order Now Everything we do is Bigger. Bolder. Better. Like using premium ingredients, or frying our taco shells in-house daily so you get ‘em fresh. See for yourself with items like the Boss Burrito, Six-Pack And A Pound®, or the fan fave Meat & Potato Burrito. Browse the Menu Start your day with us! Come in for breakfast, and wake up with something delicious like the Scrambler Burrito, the Meat & Potato Breakfast Burrito, or Mexican Donut Bites. FIND BREAKFAST NEAR ME Join the Original Taco Tuesday Crew! We’re now hiring all positions at a Taco John’s near you & offering competitive pay. Fill out an application today and get your career started the Potato Olés® way! Apply Now Use the Mobile App to Order Ahead Download our Mobile App to order all of your faves ahead of time, and get rewarded by joining Bigger Bolder Rewards. Go to your app marketplace today and hit that button! Download Now Want to Start a Franchise? Are you ready to join our network of 380+ restaurants and serve up some bigger, bolder, and better food? Start your journey of opening your own Taco John’s with this helpful info. Learn More Contact Us Privacy Policy Nutrition Information Allergens Terms of Use Rewards ©2024 Taco John's International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 808 West 20th St. Suite 200 | Cheyenne, WY 82001 Miles Away - Change Open 24 Hours 1420 W 41 Street Sioux Falls, SD 57105 Tel (605) 339-2730 Visit Page View All Nearby Locations Nearby Locations Cancel