Java information, news, and how-to advice | InfoWorld Close Ad infoworld UNITED STATES United States United Kingdom More from the Foundry Network About Us | Contact | Republication Permissions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Copyright Notice | Terms of Service | European Privacy Settings | Member Preferences | Advertising | Foundry Careers | Ad Choices | E-commerce Links | California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info | Follow Us × Close Java Java | News, how-tos, features, reviews, and videos OpenJDK proposal would streamline Java records creation JDK 22: The new features in Java 22 Java virtual threads hit with pinning issue The Java team at Oracle is working to address two common cases in which a virtual thread parks or blocks and the underlying native thread is not released. Graal Cloud Native adds Google Cloud Platform support Oracle-backed Micronaut framework for building cloud-native Java microservices already provided APIs and libraries for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and Amazon Web Services. Advanced profiling proposed for Java Flight Recorder Skogsluft project would introduce profiling features that span Java and native code execution and provide more precise and flexible profiling options. Go language hits top 10 in the Tiobe index The Go language (Golang) has taken the eighth spot in the Tiobe language popularity index. Wasm-based CheerpJ runs Java in web browsers WebAssembly JVM promises to run ‘very large’ unmodified Java applications in modern browsers without plugins or a Java installation. Java proposal would scrap sun.misc.Unsafe memory access Memory access methods in the 20-year-old class for performing low-level operations would be marked for removal in a future Java release. Machine learning for Java developers: Machine learning data pipelines Learn how to build and deploy a machine-learning data model in a Java-based production environment using Weka, Docker, and REST. Java proposal would streamline record creation Derived record creation would allow developers to create a new record from an existing record, updating only the values that need to change. Java 23 begins to take shape Java update due in September would enhance pattern matching by allowing primitive type patterns in all pattern contexts. Machine learning for Java developers: Algorithms for machine learning Set up a supervised learning project, then develop and train your first prediction function using gradient descent in Java. Oracle’s plans for Java in 2024 The Java steward expects the OpenJDK to tackle improvements ranging from a simplified main to GPU programming, condensers, and value objects, although all may not arrive this year. 11 reasons the new Java is not like the old Java Java is not the language it used to be, and that is mostly a good thing. Here are eleven ways Java is evolving to meet the challenges of the future. C# language snags Tiobe language of the year honors Microsoft’s object-oriented programming language for .NET development had the largest increase in popularity, gaining on Java, C++, C, and Python. Java ChallengersBy Rafael del Nero How to copy objects in Java: Shallow copy and deep copy Copying objects is a common programming operation that has one serious trap. Here's how to avoid copying from an object reference and only copy the instance and values you want. Java persistence with JPA and Hibernate: Persisting data to a database Write, build, and run an example application that persists data to and from a relational database using Hibernate, JPA, and the repository pattern. Java persistence with JPA and Hibernate: Entities and relationships Get started modeling entities and relationships for Java data persistence, using an example application based on Java 21 with Hibernate 6.3. Java ChallengersBy Rafael del Nero When to use abstract classes vs. interfaces in Java Abstract classes and interfaces in Java serve fundamentally different purposes. Learn the differences between these Java language elements and how to use them in your programs. What is: JavaBy Matthew Tyson What is the JDK? Introduction to the Java Development Kit The JDK is the development platform for building Java applications. Learn about different JDK versions, then install a JDK in your development environment and use it to compile a Java program. Load More You Might Also Like Java's Simple Web Server: Static HTTP servers made easy Get started with Java's new structured concurrency model How to write reusable Java code Popular on InfoWorld JDK 22: The new features in Java 22 Java persistence with JPA and Hibernate: Entities and relationships JDK 21: The new features in Java 21 InfoWorld Follow us About Us Contact Republication Permissions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Notice Terms of Service European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Advertising Foundry Careers Ad Choices E-commerce Links California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info Copyright © 2024 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Online InfoWorld Network World