Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration Please enable JavaScript to use this site. Skip to main content USA Banner An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Official websites use .govA .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( LockA locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. U.S. Department of Transportation U.S. Department of Transportation Icon United States Department of Transportation United States Department of Transportation Utility Menu Sign-up for Email Alerts Newsroom Search DOT Search About PHMSA Get to Know Us Who We Are Organization Leadership PHMSA FAQs Careers Working with PHMSA PHMSA Offices Office of Administration Office of Chief Counsel Office of the Chief Financial Officer Office of Civil Rights Office of Governmental, International, and Public Affairs Office of Hazardous Materials Safety Office of Pipeline Safety Office of Planning & Analytics Safety Safety Programs Grants Hazardous Materials Outreach & Training Hazardous Materials Safety Enhancement Program International Program Pipeline Safety Awareness and Outreach Pipeline Safety Training Pipeline State Programs Research and Development Rural Safety Regulations and Compliance Regulatory Compliance Approvals and Permits Enforcement Preemption Determinations Inconsistency Rulings Field Operations Hazardous Materials Registration Interpretations Legislative Mandates NTSB Recommendations Notices and Advisory Bulletins PHMSA Guidance Pipeline Drug and Alcohol Regulations Standards and Rulemaking Pipeline Rulemaking Implementation Resources Data and Information Data and Statistics Incident Reporting National Pipeline Mapping System (NPMS) PHMSA Portal Planning and Analytics Resource Library Emergency Response Guidebook Environmental Justice Forms Hazardous Materials Information Center National Preparedness for Response Exercise Program (PREP) Operator Resources PHMSA oCFR Technical Resources Technical Reports Transporting Infectious Substances Transporting Lithium Batteries Menu Advancing the Safe Transportation of Energy and Hazardous Materials Find Out More About PHMSA's Mission Advancing the Safe Transportation of Energy and Hazardous Materials Find Out More About PHMSA's Mission Previous Next Latest News and Actions February 23, 2024Safety Advisory Notice on the Possible Catastrophic Failure of Nurse Tanks and Recommendation for Periodic Testing February 21, 2024USDOT Opens Applications for $18 Million in Funding Opportunities to Support Hazardous Materials Transportation and Pipeline Safety Activities Nationwide February 20, 2024Now Available: PHMSA’s Redesigned Pipeline Safety Enforcement Transparency Webpage Visit the Newsroom PHMSA Highlights December 28, 2023 FY 2022-26 U.S. DOT Strategic Plan and Progress Report View all Resources PHMSA By the Numbers 3.3 MillionMiles of Regulated Pipelines 1.2 MillionDaily Shipments of Hazardous Materials 16,700Underground Natural Gas Storage Wells 1.6 BillionTons of Hazardous Materials Shipped Annually by All Modes 64%of U.S. Energy Commodities Transported by Pipeline Safety Initiatives Lithium Battery Guide for ShippersThis compliance resource was prepared to assist shippers to safely package lithium cells and batteries for transport by all modes according to the latest (May 11, 2020; HM-215O) regulatory requirements. Check the Box CampaignUnsure if you're shipping Hazmat? DOT's Check the Box Can Help. Protecting Underground PipelinesEnsuring the practice of safe digging to prevent and eliminate excavation damage. Quick Links Regulations Regulations, interpretations, rules, approvals and permits, and bulletins for pipeline and hazmat safety. Inspections & Enforcement Incident forms, regional office contacts, and general information on PHMSA enforcement programs. Data & Statistics PHMSA tracks data on the frequency of failures, incidents and accidents. NTSB Recommendations Information and updates for PHMSA's responses to recommendations from the National Transportation Safety Board. Online Services Access forms for the Operator Registration System, hazmat registration, incident reporting and more. Grants PHMSA offers state grants through several programs and partnerships for pipeline and hazmat safety. Research & Development PHMSA projects to improve the safety and reliability of hazmat transportation by all modes, including pipelines. Approvals and Permits Resources about hazardous materials and pipeline approvals and permits processes, as well as the ability to search existing approvals and permits. U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 1200 NEW JERSEY AVENUE, SE WASHINGTON, DC 20590 202-366-4433 HAZMAT Registration Help Desk: 202-366-4109 Hazardous Materials Information Center: 1-800-467-4922 Subscribe to email updates About About PHMSA Regulations and Compliance Resources Safety PHMSA Resources PHMSA Civil Rights PHMSA Web Policies Accessibility Careers Policies, Rights, Legal About DOT Budget and Performance Civil Rights FOIA Information Quality No FEAR Act Office of Inspector General USA.gov Web Policies and Notices Web Standards