Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center | SEDAC Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (sedac) A Data Center in NASA's Earth Observing System Data and Information System (EOSDIS) — Hosted by CIESIN at Columbia University Search SEDAC Data Data Sets Maps Web Pages search Data · Data Sets · Data Collections · Featured Data Uses · Data Citations · Citations Database · Data Submission Maps · Map Gallery · Map Viewer · Map Services · Mapping Tools Themes · Agriculture · Climate · Conservation · Governance · Hazards · Health · Infrastructure · Land Use · Marine and Coastal · Population · Poverty · Remote Sensing · Sustainability · Urban · Water Resources · Guides · Multimedia · Networks · News · Publications · Related Sites · Remote Sensing · Tools Social Media · Twitter · FaceBook · YouTube · Flickr · Blog Posts · Communities About · About SEDAC · User Working Group · Privacy · User Registration Help In the Spotlight Follow Us: Twitter Follow Us on Facebook YouTube Flickr | Share: Twitter Facebook Data Use - Fine Particulate Air Pollution and Diabetes The Lancet Planetary Health – July 13, 2018Using satellite-based Global Annual PM2.5 Grids from MODIS, MISR and SeaWiFS Aerosol Optical Depth (AOD), v1 from SEDAC to uncover the relationship between air pollution and type 2 diabetes. Data Use - Closed Season - Land Subsidence and Groundwater Sensing Our Planet – July 3, 2018Population data from SEDAC combined with NASA satellite imagery to examine groundwater storage and land subsidence in Mexico. Data Use - Population, Storm Energy and Tornado Casualties Geophysical Research Letters - April 30, 2017SEDAC Gridded Population of the World (GPW) v4 data were used in an examination of the population and energy elasticity of tornado casualties. Tools and Apps - POPGRID Viewer Web-based application that enables direct comparison of different population data sets based on different data sources and methodologies. Tools and Apps - SEDAC Hazards and Population Mapper - Android The Hazards and Population Mapper (HazPop), Android version, is a free mobile application that enables users to easily display recent natural hazard data in relationship to population, major infrastructure, and satellite imagery. Tools and Apps - SEDAC Citations Database A searchable database of all identified publications that cite data distributed by the NASA Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (SEDAC). Theme - Population Distribution and Change Find data sets, maps, map services, featured uses of data and other resources related to Population Distribution and Change. Theme - Poverty and Economic Indicators Find data sets, maps, map services, featured uses of data and other resources related to Poverty and Economic Indicators. Theme - Applications of Satellite Remote Sensing Find data sets, maps, map services, featured uses of data and other resources related to Applications of Satellite Remote Sensing. Resource - POPGRID Data Collaborative POPGRID aims to bring together and expand the international community of data providers, users, and sponsors concerned with georeferenced data on population, human settlements and infrastructure. Resource - NASA Webinar: Mapping Urban Areas This cyberseminar looked at Mapping Global Urbanization using Landsat and High-Resolution Reference Data. Resource - Introduction to SEDAC Data and Services An introduction to the data products and services offered by the NASA Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (SEDAC). Map Gallery - Poverty Mapping Global Subnational Infant Mortality Rates, Version 2A map collection featuring infant mortality rates as of 2015 Map Gallery - Satellite-Derived Environmental Indicators Trends in Global Freshwater Availability from the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE)A map collection featuring freshwater availability data derived from the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE), 2002-2016. Map Gallery - Land Use and Land Cover Land Use and Land CoverA map collection featuring terrestrial development threats produced by aggregating individual habitat threats such as agricultural expansion, urban expansion, mining, and energy (oil and gas, coal, biofuels, solar, and wind) development. Featured Data Sets More... Daily and Annual PM2.5 Concentrations for the Contiguous United States, 1-km Grids, v1.10 (2000 – 2016) Air Quality Data for Health-Related Applications Overview Download Documents To provide daily and annual PM2.5 concentration data in the U.S. at a resolution of 1-km (about 30 arc-seconds) for public health research to respectively estimate short- and long-term effects on human health, and for other related research. Daily and Annual NO2 Concentrations for the Contiguous United States, 1-km Grids, v1.10 (2000 – 2016) Air Quality Data for Health-Related Applications Overview Download Documents To provide daily and annual Nitrogen Dioxide (NO2) concentration data in the U.S. at a resolution of 1-km (about 30 arc-seconds) for public health research to respectively estimate short- and long-term effects on human health, and for other related research. News More... Open Science Workshop Explores Human-Environment Interactions CIESIN Welcomes New Associate Director for Science Applications New Mapper for New York State Expands Access to Flood Planning User Working Group Convenes around New Strategic Plan Home | Data | Data Uses | Data Citations | Maps | Map Services News | Tools | Guides | Publications | Blog Posts About | Help | Privacy | User Registration Copyright © 1997–2024. The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York.