Greater Good: The Science of a Meaningful Life SKIP TO: Header | Log in | Register | Navigation | Main Content | Footer Greater Good Science Center • Magazine • In Action • In Education Sign up for our newsletters Greater Good Magazine Greater Good Magazine Donate Log in Register Become a Member nav menu Topics Mind & Body Relationships Workplace Parenting & Family Education MORE... Quizzes Purpose in Life Happiness at Work Social Capital Connection to Humanity Altruism Gratitude Emotional Intelligence MORE... Videos Climate, Hope & Science: The Science of Happiness podcast Happiness Break Greater Good Books Dear Greater Good Bridging Differences MORE... Podcasts Climate, Hope & Science: The Science of Happiness podcast Happiness Break The Science of Happiness Keys to Well-Being Awe Bridging Differences Compassion Empathy Diversity Gratitude Happiness Intellectual Humility Mindfulness Purpose Social Connection MORE... Search search Donate TOPICS Mind & Body Relationships Workplace Parenting & Family Education Spirituality Politics Society Culture Media & Tech Community Big Ideas KEYS TO WELL-BEING Altruism Awe Bridging Differences Compassion Empathy Diversity Forgiveness Gratitude Happiness Intellectual Humility Mindfulness Purpose Social Connection RESOURCES Quizzes Podcasts Videos Books Studies Donate Events & Classes About Diversity Statement Masthead Contact Log in Register Scroll To Top Grownups Should Be Playful TooWe explore a strategy shown to help you become more playful. Will the Workweek Ever Get Shorter? Will the Workweek Ever Get Shorter? What We Can All Learn From Polyamorous Parents What We Can All Learn From Polyamorous Parents How I’m Unlearning White Saviorism How I’m Unlearning White Saviorism Five Ways Schools Can Retain More Black Educators Five Ways Schools Can Retain More Black Educators Get the science of a meaningful life delivered to your inbox. Submit Most Popular How to Reboot After Disappointment at Work By Julien C. Mirivel, Julie Allison | February 6, 2024 How to Fight Without Hurting Your Relationship By Hope Reese | January 22, 2024 See All Most Recent How to Help Students Focus on Learning Instead of Their Grades By Michael Fisher | March 4, 2024 Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 Happiness Calendar for Educators for March 2024 By Lauren Lee | March 1, 2024 Why Grownups Should Be Playful Too By Science of Happiness Podcast | February 29, 2024 See All The Science of Happiness at Work Greater Good's online course series offering research-based strategies for more satisfaction, connection, and purpose at work. CEs for health professionals & HR managers. Learn More Greater Good in Education A free online resource for educators. Take a Greater Good Quiz! How compassionate are you? How generous, grateful, or forgiving? Find out! Take a Quiz Keys to Well-Being Intellectual Humility Researchers define intellectual humility, most simply, as “the degree to which people recognize that their beliefs might be wrong.” It… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Intellectual Humility Articles Intellectual Humility Quiz Take the Quiz Purpose To psychologists, purpose is an abiding intention to achieve a long-term goal that is both personally meaningful and makes a positive mark on… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Purpose Articles Purpose in Life Quiz Take the Quiz Bridging Differences Americans are increasingly divided along social and political lines. The evidence for this polarization can be found in our most intimate… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Bridging Differences Articles Bridging Differences Quiz Take the Quiz Compassion Compassion literally means “to suffer together.” Among emotion researchers, it is defined as the feeling that arises when you are… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Compassion Articles Compassionate Love Quiz Take the Quiz Gratitude Robert Emmons, perhaps the world’s leading scientific expert on gratitude, argues that gratitude has two key components, which he describes… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Gratitude Articles Gratitude Quiz Take the Quiz Mindfulness Mindfulness means maintaining a moment-by-moment awareness of our thoughts, feelings, bodily sensations, and surrounding environment, through… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Mindfulness Articles Mindfulness Quiz Take the Quiz Diversity For the Greater Good Science Center, “diversity” refers to both an obvious fact of human life—namely, that there are many different… Read More Five Ways Schools Can Retain More Black Educators By Jalisa Evans | February 27, 2024 All Diversity Articles Connection to Humanity Quiz Take the Quiz Awe Awe is the feeling we get in the presence of something vast that challenges our understanding of the world, like looking up at millions of… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for February 2024 By Kira M. Newman | January 31, 2024 All Awe Articles Awe Quiz Take the Quiz Social Connection When researchers refer to the concept of social connection, they mean the feeling that you belong to a group and generally feel close to… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Social Connection Articles Social Capital Quiz Take the Quiz Happiness Coming up with a formal definition of happiness can be tricky. After all, shouldn’t we just know it when we feel it? In fact, we often use… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Happiness Articles Happiness at Work Take the Quiz Forgiveness Psychologists generally define forgiveness as a conscious, deliberate decision to release feelings of resentment or vengeance toward a person… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for February 2024 By Kira M. Newman | January 31, 2024 All Forgiveness Articles Forgiveness Quiz Take the Quiz Empathy The term “empathy” is used to describe a wide range of experiences. Emotion researchers generally define empathy as the ability to sense… Read More Can Artificial Intelligence Help Human Mental Health? By Sheila Kaplan | January 24, 2024 All Empathy Articles Empathy Quiz Take the Quiz Altruism Altruism is when we act to promote someone else’s welfare, even at a risk or cost to ourselves. Though some believe that humans are… Read More Your Happiness Calendar for March 2024 By Kira M. Newman | March 1, 2024 All Altruism Articles Altruism Quiz Take the Quiz Learn the Secrets to Happiness Take our free, 8-week online course. Self-paced session available. The Science of Happiness Podcast Learn from real stories of people trying research-based strategies for a happier life. Videos View All Are You the A*Hole? Worried that you might be wrong in that argument you're having? Intellectual humility can help. Six Ways to Be a Better Listener Here are the do's and don'ts of good active listening. Three Ways to Encourage Intellectual Humility in Kids Parents can model and help children practice admitting what they don't know and owning mistakes. Three Tips to Be a Better Conversationalist Bridge-builder Mónica Guzmán shares three ways to make hard conversations a little easier. A Thank-You to Librarians Who Make Everyone Feel Welcome Children’s book author Yuyi Morales writes a gratitude letter to the librarian who had a big impact on her. What Makes Us Happier Than Money? The key to happiness isn't our income but something more meaningful, explains UC Irvine's Belinda Campos, Ph.D. What Makes an Effective Apology Learn the four steps to making an effective apology, with comedian Jolenta Greenberg of the By the Book podcast. Finding Awe in the Ordinary Iraq War veteran and outdoors educator Stacy Bare learns to find wonder and beauty in the small things. Tune in to the Science of Happiness… How to Protect Your Body from Social Media Stress A little mindfulness can help when we feel frustrated or angry online. Keep Up with Our Happiness Calendar! Be a force for good this month Put Greater Good in Action Try a research-based well-being exercise every day. Quote of the Day "When our nervous system has enough cues of safety, we are in a better state to approach goals, tackle challenges, think creatively, and access a whole array of inner resources." ― How to Prepare Your Nervous System for New Goals, by Beth Kurland Get the science of a meaningful life delivered to your inbox. Submit The Greater Good Science Center studies the psychology, sociology, and neuroscience of well-being, and teaches skills that foster a thriving, resilient, and compassionate society. About this site Masthead Contact Donate Berkeley: University of California © 2024 The Greater Good Science Center at the University of California, Berkeley Developed by Hop Studios Hop Studios Designed by Project6 Project6 Accessibility | Nondiscrimination | Privacy Policy | Consent Preferences Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn This article — and everything on this site — is funded by readers like you. Become a subscribing member today. Help us continue to bring “the science of a meaningful life” to you and to millions around the globe. Give Now