Freedom House | Expanding freedom and democracy Skip to main content Accessibility NOW LIVE: Freedom in the World 2024 Primary Navigation Our Issues Perspectives Policy Recommendations Explore the Map Donate Expanding Freedom and Democracy Quicklinks Events Perspectives Blog Find A Country Explore The Map Careers Mega Menu Our Issues Countering Authoritarianism Promoting a Global Democratic Landscape Supporting Defenders for Democratic Change Programs Emergency Assistance and Thematic Programs Regional Programs Free Them All: The Fred Hiatt Program to Free Political Prisoners Afghanistan Human Rights Coordination Mechanism Policy Recommendations Testimony and Advocacy Letters Countries Reports Freedom in the World Transnational Repression Freedom on the Net Nations in Transit Election Watch for the Digital Age Beijing’s Global Media Influence China Media Bulletin China Dissent Monitor Hong Kong Media Bulletin Archives Events Perspectives Blog News Releases & Statements Media Center About Us History Our Experts Board and Leadership Ways to Give Financials Careers Contact Us Sign Up for Updates Expanding Freedom and Democracy Caption Hundreds of Colombian social leaders and rights defenders from different communities including afro descendants, indigenous, and campesinos take part in a May Day march to denounce violence against human rights defenders in Bogotá on May 1, 2019. (Image Credit: RAUL ARBOLEDA/AFP via Getty Images) NEW REPORT The State of Global Freedom Read More Freedom House is founded on the core conviction that freedom flourishes in democratic nations where governments are accountable to their people. Freedoms Denied as the World Enters a Consequential Year of Elections Freedom in the World 2024 finds that global freedom declined for the 18th consecutive year in 2023. The breadth and depth of the deterioration were extensive—political rights and civil liberties diminished in 52 countries and improved in only 21. Read More Explore Freedom in the World 2024 Read the Report Flawed elections and armed conflict contributed to the 18th year of democratic decline. Explore Freedom in the World 2024: The Mounting Damage of Flawed Elections and Armed Conflict. Regional Trends Visit our Regional Trends and Threats to Freedom page to learn about regional trends and status changes, and to access Freedom in the World 2024 data. Take the Quiz! Test your knowledge of some of the key findings from our report by taking our quiz. Upcoming Events May 08 2024 Freedom House 2024 Annual Awards 6:00PM – 10:00PM After Navalny’s Death, Efforts Must Accelerate to Free Kara-Murza In response to the death of Russian democratic opposition leader, Alexey Navalny, who died in Russian custody while unjustly incarcerated, Freedom House joins partners in requesting the Biden Administration to accelerate efforts to free imprisoned Russian democracy advocate, Vladimir Kara-Murza. Read More Tracking Democracy and Freedom Around the World Explore Our Interactive Map Latest Research Visible and Invisible Bars Visible and Invisible Bars, a report from Free Them All: The Fred Hiatt Program to Free Political Prisoners, draws attention both to political imprisonment and its damaging impacts on prisoners and their families, and the consequences of civil death. Freedom on the Net 2023 Advances in artificial intelligence are increasing the scale, speed, and efficiency of digital repression. The 2023 edition of Freedom on the Net is now live. The China Dissent Monitor Despite increasingly repressive rule under the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), dissent in China occurs regularly and is geographically widespread. The China Dissent Monitor features quarterly updated interactive data on collective action in public spaces and cases of online dissent. Our Issues Countering Authoritarianism Promoting a Global Democratic Landscape Supporting Defenders for Democratic Change Latest Updates NEW REPORT: Election Manipulation and Armed Conflict Drove 18th Consecutive Year of Decline in Freedom Press release February 29, 2024 Ukraine: Two Years after Moscow’s Full-Scale Invasion, Freedom House Calls on Democracies to Stand Firm in Their Support for a Ukrainian Victory Press release February 22, 2024 Russia: The Kremlin Is Responsible for the Death of Alexey Navalny Press release February 16, 2024 NEW DATA: More Than 20 Percent of the World’s Governments Engage in Transnational Repression Press release February 16, 2024 In the Media 52 countries saw "severe" declines in freedom last year, report finds opens in new tab February 29, 2024 Living outside China has become more like living inside China opens in new tab February 26, 2024 A Medal for Kara-Murza opens in new tab February 22, 2024 Mapping Freedom House's Impact in 2023 In 2023, Freedom House assisted more than 15,000 human rights activists, organizations, journalists, children and youth, and others at-risk more than 90 countries. Here's how we worked to expand and defend freedom across the world over the past year. Explore Be the first to know what's happening.Join the Freedom House weekly newsletterSubscribe Top Footer Main Menu Our Issues Countries Policy Recommendations Explore the Map Donate News & Perspectives Reports Events About Careers Address 1850 M St. NW Floor 11 Washington, DC 20036 (202) 296-5101 General Inquiries [email protected] Press & Media [email protected] Footer Social Menu Follow Facebook Twitter Instagram Threads Footer Manage Subscriptions Contact Us Privacy Policy Content Permissions Site Map @2024 FreedomHouse