The Lean Startup | The Movement That Is Transforming How New Products Are Built And Launched The Lean Startup The Movement That is Transforming How New Products are Built and Launched “Philosophy Helps Start-Ups Move Faster” “Offers new ways to cut work time and investment” “Many CEOs have fully embraced and continue to internalize the lean startup principles” “Concepts apply both to designing products and to developing a market” Learn More » Buy The Book Available Now! The Official Lean Startup Training and Consulting, Direct from the Source Work directly with author Eric Ries' team to successfully implement Lean Startup in your organization Discover Lean Startup Co.'s Services Benefits of The Lean Startup Be more innovative. Stop wasting people's time. Be more successful. Twitter Facebook tweet this like this “Lean Startup isn't about being cheap [but is about] being less wasteful and still doing things that are big.” The Lean Startup Principles » Principles of The Lean Startup Learn More Entrepreneurs Entrepreneurs are Everywhere Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship is Management Validated Validated Learning Innovation Innovation Accounting Build Build-Measure-Learn Prev Next Lean Startups can operate with much less waste Learn how » The Lean Startup isn't just about how to create a more successful entrepreneurial business... it's about what we can learn from those businesses to improve virtually everything we do. I imagine Lean Startup principles applied to government programs, to healthcare, and to solving the world's great problems. It's ultimately an answer to the question 'How can we learn more quickly what works, and discard what doesn't? Tim O'Reilly CEO O'Reilly Media Lean Startup Process In Detail » See the Case Studies » Lean Startup Case Studies Dropbox revolutionized file-sharing by making an extremely easy-to-use, seamless application. Learn More Wealthfront is democratizing access to outstanding investment managers. Learn More Grockit was founded in 2007 to enable social learning, specifically test preparation (SAT, LSAT, etc). Learn More Founded in 2004, IMVU is the world's largest 3D chat and dress-up community. Learn More Votizen is disrupting how our government and politics works by putting focus back on individual voter. Learn More Aardvark, a company subsequently acquired by Google, developed a social search engine. Learn More Prev Next Meet-ups are happening everywhere Learn More » The Lean Startup Online Course,with Eric Ries A Course For Individuals and Enterprise Teams Who is this for? Featuring exclusive content from The Lean Startup author, Eric Ries, this course is designed for individuals and also enterprise teams to experience together. In a series of 6 lessons, participants will be able to create and execute a plan to validate an entrepreneurial idea through the process of building, measuring, and learning. This course is intended as an introductory course, so it assumes very little previous knowledge on the part of the participant. About the Author Enroll Now About the Author Eric Ries Eric Ries is an entrepreneur and author of the New York Times bestseller The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Business, published by Crown Business. He serves on the advisory board of a number of technology startups, and has consulted to new and established companies as well as venture capital firms. In 2010, he was named entrepreneur-in-residence at Harvard Business School and is currently an IDEO Fellow. Previously he co-founded and served as CTO of IMVU, his third startup. In 2007, BusinessWeek named him one of the Best Young Entrepreneurs of Tech. In 2009, he was honored with a TechFellow award in the category of Engineering Leadership.The Lean Startup methodology has been written about in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Harvard Business Review,Inc. (where he appeared on the cover), Wired, Fast Company, and countless blogs. He lives in San Francisco. Get Involved with Lean Startup Attend a Lean Startup Meetup Meetups are Happening Around the World 94 Cities 17 Countries Happening Everywhere Find Your Nearest One » Resource Links The Lean Startup movement has gone global. However, the most important resources are local - being embedded in a startup ecosystem is an important part of entrepreneurship. These ecosystems are sprouting up in increasingly more startup hubs around the world. IF you want to learn more about the Lean Startup and meet other people who want to do the same, check out our resources Training, Coaching and Consulting Are you part of a large organization seeking Lean Startup training, coaching or consulting? Lean Startup Co. helps you build new products and services faster, minimize risk and create a framework for innovation. Learn more here. Lean Startup Meetup Groups You can find a real-time map of groups here. You can also find a list of cities where people are interested in starting a new group and tools to set one up yourself. The Lean Startup Wiki Some Lean Startup groups don't use Meetup.com to organize. The Lean Startup Wiki is maintained by volunteers and includes a comprehensive list of events and other resources here. The Lean Startup Circle This is the largest community of practice around the Lean Startup, happening online. If you have a question about how Lean Startup might apply to your business or industry, here is a great place to start. Lean Startup In The Press » The Startup Way By Eric Ries Eric Ries has been working with giant firms like General Electric and Toyota to help them become more nimble, in order to spur growth and produce products and services that customers want. In The Startup Way, he shares his insights, stories and best practices, delivering a critical toolkit to solve all business challenges. Lean Impact By Ann Mei Chang Want to exponentially grow the social impact of your work, time, or money? Inspired by The Lean Startup, Lean Impact offers bold ideas and practical tools for tackling the toughest problems facing people and the planet. Lean Startup Co. Learn to build a modern company the startup way. By making entrepreneurship a core function of every organization, we can solve some of the world's biggest problems. We teach organizations everywhere - regardless of size, sector or age - how to innovate in a fast-changing world and build products that matter. We offer an education program, live events, and library of online resources. The Four Steps to the Epiphany Steve Blank Steve Blank's The Four Steps to the Epiphany: The original book about customer development and an indispensible guide. Get a copy here. Steve also maintains an active and excellent blog here. The Entrepreneur's Guide to Customer Development Brant Cooper & Patrick Vlashkovit Brant Cooper and Patrick Vlaskovits' The Entrepreneur's Guide to Customer Development: A gentle introduction to customer development. Buy it here. The Lean Series Essential books for Entrepeneurs and Innovators The Lean Series, curated by Eric Ries, is a collection of books written by the best people in the field, on topics that matter. The authors dive down into Lean Startup implementation-level details, providing readers with information they can immediately put to use. www.startup-marketing.com Sean Ellis Sean Ellis' Startup Marketing Blog about integrating marketing into ideas: here. www.andrewchenblog.com Andrew Chen Andrew Chen's blog Futurist Play about viral marketing, startup metrics, and design: here www.angel.co Babak Nivi Venturehacks and Angel List which matches startups and investors around the world: here The Innovator's Solution and The Innovator's Dilemma Clayton M. Chrisensen Crossing the Chasm Geoffrey A. Moore Software for Entrepreneurs Tools for your startup from the Long-Term Stock Exchange Captable Cap table management and insights for founders. Fast409A A quality valuation. A quick online process. Runway Visualize and manage your startup's cash flow. HiringPlan Easy headcount planning with built-in market data. Hosted by Media Temple Design Agency