KDE Community Wiki Jump to content Toggle sidebar Search Log in Personal tools Log in Navigation Main pageCommunity portalCurrent eventsRecent changes contributor help pages Tasks and ToolsModify a pageAdd new contentPage elementsTypographical guidelinesMore markup help Tools What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information Contents move to sidebar hide Beginning 1Community Information Hub 2Community Management and Coordination 3Cross-Project Teams 4Projects 5Subcommunities Toggle the table of contents Toggle the table of contents Main Page Main Page Discussion English Read View source View history More ReadView sourceView history From KDE Community Wiki Konqi and the KDE community! Welcome to the KDE Community Wiki! KDE is a world-wide community of software engineers, artists, writers, translators, and creators who are committed to the development and distribution of Free Software. If that sounds like you, you're in the right place! This is a repository of information for community members and contributors about collaboration on projects and goals. Actual work takes place on https://invent.kde.org. Community Information Hub Get started learning about and contributing to KDE with some basic information found at these links: Welcome to KDE Basic information about KDE. Current Goals KDE's goals to focus on as a community Get Involved Hub for learning how to contribute. Here you can find resources about software development, translation, visual design, management, bug triaging, and more. Policies Policies concerning development of KDE software and community standards in general. Related: Guidelines and How-tos Schedules Upcoming freezes and release dates for KDE's main products. Events Information about Akademy, Conferences, Sprints, and other KDE events. Infrastructure Infrastructure provided for KDE projects such as source control and systems for translators. Guidelines and How-tos Guidelines for creating good software and helpful information for contributors that isn't project-specific. Keynotes and Presentations Keynotes and presentations given by the KDE community. Make a living contributing to KDE How to make a living contributing to KDE. Community Management and Coordination These teams help keep the KDE community running smoothly by providing support, administration, and arbitration: Community Working Group Helping community members work together KDE e.V. Financial and legal administration. Incubator Process for adding existing projects to the KDE family. Mentoring Programs for introducing new contributors to KDE. Related: Administration of the mentoring programs The KDE Network Representatives of the community who promote KDE globally. Promo Getting the word out about KDE. Sysadmin Building and maintaining KDE infrastructure. Cross-Project Teams These teams work on areas common across lots of projects, sharing their expertise and working on tasks that individual projects often don't have the resources to manage on their own. Accessibility Bug Triaging Documentation Gardening Localization Research Platform teams Android FreeBSD Kubuntu Mac KDE Mobile Solaris Windows Yocto Visual Design Group Projects These are pages for specific KDE projects. Not every project or app has a page here; these are simply the ones that contributors found useful for information storage purposes. For a full list of KDE apps, see https://kde.org/apps. Alkimia Baloo — Metadata and search Commit Digest Common Task Videos Calligra — Office and creative suite Karbon — Vector-based drawing application Kexi — Database creation for everyone: Developer notebook KDb — A database connectivity and creation framework for various database vendors KProperty — A property editing framework with editor widget similar to what is known from Qt Designer KReport — A framework for the creation and generation of reports in multiple formats digiKam Dolphin ISOImageWriter KDE Utils KGet KIO GDrive Kopete Multimedia Amarok Juk Kdenlive — Video Editing for Everyone K3b Phonon LatteDock Rekonq Solid — KDE hardware teams Playground — Projects that are not ready but still in discussion MediaPlayer KDE Edu KDE Frameworks 5 KDE Games KDE PIM KDE Science KDevelop Krita — Painting for Digital Artists KWin Necessitas Neon Ocs-server Plasma Project Team Coordination Plasma Netbook Reference Platform Real-Time Communication and Collaboration (Telepathy) RKWard GUI for R Zanshin Akademy Tools — Digital Tooling for Planning and Organizing the KDE Annual World Summit Subcommunities These are groups that come together based on shared experiences rather than because they are working on the same thing. Country teams: KDE in Australia KDE in Argentina KDE in Brazil KDE in Britain KDE in France KDE in India KDE in Russia KDE Women KDE LGBT Retrieved from "https://community.kde.org/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=97596" This page was last edited on 23 July 2023, at 19:04. Content is available under Creative Commons License SA 4.0 unless otherwise noted. Privacy policy About KDE Community Wiki Disclaimers