Women’s Media Center Sign Up About Press Donate Menu Search Search Women’s Media Center Women’s Media Center Reports About The Women’s Media Center’s research and reports shed a light on the underrepresentation and misrepresentation of women in the media. More » Status of Women in the U.S. Media Reports and Research Infographics Categories Arts and culture Health Media Politics Back Status of Women in the U.S. Media Reports and Research Infographics News & Features About WMC News & Features offer original reporting and commentary on headline stories and underreported topics. More » Features Categories Feminism International Media Politics Back Features Siege About WMC Women Under Siege investigates how sexualized violence is used as a weapon in conflict and beyond. More » Articles Conflicts Witness Categories Girls International Media Violence against women Back Articles Conflicts Witness FBomb About WMC Fbomb is an intersectional teen feminist media platform created by and for socially conscious youth. More » Voices Categories Arts and culture Feminism Media Violence against women Back Voices Climate About WMC Climate positions the people climate change affects the most – women and people of color – front and center. More » Articles Climate Map Categories Environment International Race/Ethnicity Violence against women Back Articles Climate Map Speech About WMC Speech Project is dedicated to raising public and media awareness about online harassment. More » Articles Online Abuse 101 Resources Categories Education Feminism Misogyny Online harassment Back Articles Online Abuse 101 Resources IDAR/E About WMC IDAR/E spotlights the voices of diverse Latinas on a range of current and emerging issues. More » In English En Español Categories Media Politics Race/Ethnicity Back In English En Español WMC Live About WMC Live with Robin Morgan is a weekly radio show and podcast in 110 countries around the globe. More » WMC Live WMC Live on iTunes Categories Feminism Misogyny Politics Robin Morgan Back WMC Live WMC Live on iTunes SheSource About WMC SheSource is an online database of media-experienced women experts who we connect to journalists, bookers and producers. More » Find an Expert Apply to WMC SheSource Journalist Sign Up Areas of Expertise Business and the Economy Media and Entertainment Politics Social justice Back Find an Expert Apply to WMC SheSource Journalist Sign Up More Links Back Sign Up About Press Donate Connect Events Privacy Policy About Apply for WMC SheSource Articles Pitch our editor Board Climate Contact Donate Editorial Events Experts for Media Facebook FBomb Pitch our editor Features Pitch our editor Gloria Steinem Home Page I/DARE Pitch our editor Infographics International Jane Fonda Journalist Sign up Name it Change it Pitch us Podcast Press Room Press releases Press contact Press kit Privacy policy Progressive Women's Voices Publications Radio show Research Reports Robin Morgan SheSource Apply to WMC SheSource Sign up for journalist newsletter Sources for journalists Speech Project Pitch our editor Staff Statistics Status of women in media reports Subscribe WMC News WMC Live WMC SheSource Journalist email Training Twitter Unspinning the Spin WMC Live Women Under Siege Pitch our editor Women's Media Awards Write for us WMC LOREEN ARBUS JOURNALISM PROGRAM About Women's Media Center Why: Media shapes us, informs our ideas, policies and politics. It tells us who we are, and what we can be.What: WMC works toward media equality using interconnected strategies of research, original stories and articles, promotion of women experts and media training. WMC Reports February 29, 2024 Media WMC Investigation 2024: Gender and Non-Acting Oscar Nominations - Full Report Women made modest year-to-year gains in the non-acting nominations for the 2024 Academy Awards with 32% going to women, matching the previous high set in 2021. The increase can be largely attributed to more women nominees in the major categories of Best Picture, Best Director, Best Screenplay, and Best Editing, and in the below-the-line crafts categories of Best Makeup, Best Original Score, Best Production Design, Best Visual Effects, and Best Documentary Feature. But despite increases, the number of women recognized with Oscar nominations for these behind-the-camera roles continues to lag woefully behind that of men. Even with an all-time high of 32%, more than twice as many nominations — 68% — are going to men in the 18 non-acting categories. WMC Reports December 11, 2023 Media, Race/Ethnicity Women of Color in U.S. News Leadership 2023 The “Women of Color in U.S. News Leadership 2023” report spotlights 20 women of color top executives in media who are visible, powerful, and transformational. These dynamic women in television, print, digital, and radio now occupy a seat at the table in an industry long dominated by White men. They lead at a time when the need to grow audiences, increase the bottom line, and keep pace with a rapidly changing digital world gains urgency. Perhaps paramount to the ability to do all of this is creating newsrooms that are inclusive, diverse, and representative. They are working to ensure that the voices, experiences, and stories of everyone, especially women and people of color, are included in media. WMC Reports November 30, 2023 Media Women’s Media Center 2023 Report Gender & Non-Acting Primetime Emmy Nominations - Full Report For the annual Primetime Emmy Awards, the total numbers of women who get nominations in non-acting categories have continued to hit a proverbial “glass ceiling” of below 40% every year. The total numbers have not changed from the previous year: For the 2023 Primetime Emmy Award nominations, 33% of the non-acting nominees were women, the same percentage for the 2022 Primetime Emmy Awards. And in typically male-dominated categories, things are getting worse for women. WMC Press Releases October 20, 2023 | Mariska Hargitay, Fredricka Whitfield, Karen Lincoln Michel, Emily Ladau, Koritha Mitchell, Akila Radhakrishnan | Jane Fonda, Media, Robin Morgan The Women's Media Center 2023 Women's Media Awards Honor Mariska Hargitay, Fredricka Whitfield, Karen Lincoln Michel, Emily Ladau, Koritha Mitchell, Akila Radhakrishnan THE WOMEN’S MEDIA CENTER hosted their 2023 WOMEN’S MEDIA AWARDS on October 19th at the Whitby Hotel in New York City. The WMC AWARDS were presented to outstanding leaders and champions for women in media. This year’s WMC 2023 Women’s Media Awards honorees were: Mariska Hargitay, Fredricka Whitfield, Karen Lincoln Michel, Emily Ladau, Koritha Mitchell, and Akila Radhakrishnan. WMC Events Inaugural Lecture of the Beverly Wettenstein Women's History Lecture Series "Pocahontas Chic: Damaging Media Representations of Indigenous Women" By Dr. Cristina Azocar Tuesday, March 28 at 4:00pm. Westfield State University Congratulations to WMC Board Member Regina K. Scully Congratulations to Women's Media Center board member Regina K. Scully who will be celebrated at the Women's Image Awards on February 21, 2024. Philanthropist and producer Regina K. Scully will accept The WIN Awards Humanitarian Honoree tribute: “I’m honored to receive the Humanitarian Award from Women’s Image Network. I’m a filmmaker who is also in the trauma recovery business. Storytelling changes our DNA. Films help transform the world. It’s especially timely, as the world needs stories that help heal. Our stories are a call to action; our primary mission has always been to enable filmmakers to tell stories that inspire and educate.” Congratulations to WMC Board Member Pat Mitchell Congratulations to WMC board member Pat Mitchell, the recipient of the Sundance Institute's Vanguard Award for Philanthropy, who has been recognized for her exemplary commitment to the Institute’s support and to philanthropy for social impact. “Beyond being a stalwart champion of the role of media and storytelling as an agent for social change, Pat is a fierce advocate for gender and racial equality, and in all her diverse roles and responsibilities — as a journalist, documentary producer, and media executive — has supported the stories and ideas that move us forward toward a more equitable future." said Joana Vicente, Sundance Institute CEO. Congratulations to WMC Board Member Anita DeFrantz Congratulations to Women's Media Center board member Anita DeFrantz, the recipient of the 2024 NCAA President's Gerald R. Ford Award. DeFrantz, an Olympian and lifelong advocate for athletes, will be honored by the NCAA on Wednesday January 10, 2024. VIDEO Women's Media Center Video Watch our video to see how the Women's Media Center is working to make women and girls more visible and powerful in media. Featuring graduates of the WMC Progressive Women's Voices media and leadership training. WMC Reports March 03, 2023 Media WMC Investigation: 17-Year Analysis of Gender & Non-Acting Academy Award Nominations — Full Report Men have received 78% of non-acting Oscar nominations over the past 17 years and women 22%, according to an analysis by the Women’s Media Center. The report, “WMC Investigation: 17-Year Analysis of Gender & Non-Acting Academy Award Nominations,” concludes that there have been modest improvements in female representation from 2007 to 2023 but also that progress has been slow and uneven. WMC Reports November 18, 2021 Media The Status of Women in the U.S. Media 2021 The Status of Women in the U.S. Media 2021 is comprised of 109 studies and reports, including original research by the Women’s Media Center and aggregated research from academia, industry and professional groups, labor unions, media watchdogs, newsrooms, and other sources. WMC Press Releases October 14, 2021 | Robin Morgan, Julie Burton, Gloria Steinem, Janet Dewart Bell, Rosalie Maggio | Arts and culture, Media In Celebration of National Dictionary Day, Women’s Media Center Launches New Online Guide to Fair and Accurate Language In celebration of National Dictionary Day, the Women’s Media Center today launched a new online resource and media channel, Unspinning the Spin: The Women’s Media Center Guide to Fair and Accurate Language. Written by Rosalie Maggio. WMC Unspinning October 13, 2021 | Robin Morgan, Gloria Steinem | Media, Politics Introduction by Robin Morgan and Gloria Steinem Unspinning the Spin was created to help everyone understand and be understood. Consumers and creators of media are the most obvious beneficiaries, but almost anyone can benefit from this up-to-date guide on the background, current uses, accuracy, alternatives, and best practices for choosing and de-coding common words and phrases. This resource goes beyond the scope of a dictionary or thesaurus. It’s the result of mining a wide variety of fields for accurate, inclusive, creative, and clear words and phrases. As a compendium that is easy to consult, practical, informative, and witty, it is indispensable for everyday use. WMC News & Features WMC News & Features WMC News and Features provide progressive women’s perspectives on both headline stories and timely events ignored or misrepresented in the mainstream media. WMC FBomb WMC FBomb Pioneering intersectional teen feminism, WMC Fbomb provides socially conscious youth with a welcoming, progressive-minded community. WMC IDAR/E WMC IDAR/E WMC IDAR/E spotlights the voices of diverse Latinas on a range of current and emerging issues. WMC Siege WMC Siege WMC Women Under Siege examines how sexualized and other violence is being used to devastate women and tear apart communities around the world, in conflict and beyond. WMC Speech WMC Speech WMC Speech Project spotlights and documents online abuse and its effects on women’s rights, civic participation, and free speech. WMC Live WMC Live Women's Media Center Live with Robin Morgan is a nationally syndicated American radio show and podcast with an audience in 110 countries around the globe and on iTunes. Events Events The Women’s Media Awards honor champions for women in media. The extraordinary women we recognize set the standard for what media should look like when it gives voice to the diverse female half of the country. WMC Reports September 21, 2021 Health, Media, Politics, Race/Ethnicity WMC Report: Gender and Race Representation on Five Big Sunday Shows January 1 - December 31, 2020 - Full Report “The major Sunday news shows set the tone for news coverage on all media platforms. The stories covered and the experts and opinion leaders featured tell us who has power — who and what the shapers of media think we should care about. These programs have a platform that can impact policy, politics, and action,” according to Julie Burton, president and CEO of the Women’s Media Center. "We found that at this pivotal moment, just as movements for racial and gender justice are pushing powerfully and visibly for change, inclusion of women and people of color came up short on these influential marquee shows.” WMC Reports WMC Reports WMC research and reports are more than just statistics—they are evidence and tools for social change, and create benchmarks to highlight the status and progress of women in media. Press Press The Women’s Media Center press kit contains approved WMC images, logos and biographies for reporters, editors, producers and bookers, in addition to our press release database. Women's Media Center Archive Browse the archive. WMC Training WMC Training WMC media training gives diverse women leaders the tools to be media-smart and media-savvy and helps expand the representation of women, as pundits and as sources, on all media platforms. WMC in the News October 27, 2017 | All In With Chris Hayes MSNBC “All In with Chris Hayes” Facebook Live interviews with Jane Fonda & Gloria Steinem WMC in the News September 29, 2021 | By Erin Spencer Sairam | Forbes America’s Five Big Sunday Shows Remain Very Male, Very White The Women’s Media Center (WMC), a nonprofit that conducts research on and advocates for the visibility of women and girls in media, released a report last week that analyzed the demographics of host and guest appearances on the five biggest Sunday shows. Researchers looked at episodes that aired in 2020 for ABC’s This Week, CBS’s Face the Nation, CNN’s State of the Union, Fox News Sunday, and NBC’s Meet the Press. WMC SheSource WMC SheSource WMC SheSource is an online database of women experts who we connect to journalists, bookers, and producers, thereby increasing the number of diverse women in our media. Recent Articles WMC IDAR/E Latina Illustrators Break Down Power WMC Climate Climate Change Increases Women’s Unpaid Work WMC features NPR Host Asks, ‘Where can I add value? What aspect of the story is missing?’ WMC Women Under Siege Getting ‘Hagued’: How One International Law Enables Intimate Partner Violence WMC FBomb Iranian Journalists Released from Prison Give Hope to Revolution Supporters WMC Live WMC Live #433: The Last Speaker, Part 2. (Original Airdate 3/3/2024) WMC Speech Project What women politicians’ online harassment tells us about degraded democracy WMC SheSource Experts on Israel attacks Rafah, Donald Trump's classified documents criminal case, Trump's comments on NATO, Navy adds confidential sexual harassment reporting, megachurch shooting, Valentine's Day, and Black History Month WMC Unspinning Zulu Sign up for our Newsletter Email Zip Sign Up WMC SheSource WMC SheSource is an online database of media-experienced women experts who we connect to journalists, bookers and producers. Twitter Feed Tweets by womensmediacntr WMC • Powered by Feminism Donate Now Support the Women's Media Center and Change the Conversation Unspinning the Spin Unspinning the Spin The Women's Media Center Guide to Fair and Accurate Language—a searchable online resource. Connect Events Privacy Policy Sign Up • powered by feminism