Blubrry Podcast Hosting - Best Podcast Hosting Log In Podcast Hosting Podcast Hosting Ultimate podcast hosting solution PowerPress Plugin No. 1 WordPress podcast publishing plugin Podcast Website Free, easy-to-use WordPress site Professional Podcast Hosting Tools for networks, businesses, & advanced creators Private Podcasting For designated ears only, available via app and desktop Affordable Plans & Pricing User-friendly podcast tools & plans Podcast Statistics Podcast Statistics Analyze your audience: Geo, Apps & Devices, etc. Audience Surveys Demographics directly from your listeners Sign Up Get free podcast statistics Podcast Growth Dynamic Ad Insertion Pre-mid-post roll ad campaign control Programmatic Advertising Earn money immediately for your show Premium Podcasting Offer bonus episodes, early release of content, ad free episodes, etc. Pro-Production Pros to assist your podcast launch and regular publishing Podcast Directory Promote your podcast in the world’s largest directory Getting Started Getting Started Our getting started guides How-to-Podcast You’ve got lots to learn & we have lots of podcast knowledge to share Documentation Support for all of our tools, making podcasting easy from start to finish Connect Podcast Support Contact us 7 days a week, read documentation, or call us! Developers Resources to integrate with Blubrry Podcast Insider & Blog Subscribe to our show and learn from our weekly blog posts Community (FB page) Become part of the Blubrry online community About Blubrry We’ve been around since 2005 Socials Plans & Pricing Sign Up Manage Account Billing Sign out Podcaster Dashboard Podcast Hosting Podcast Statistics Podcast Growth Getting Started Connect Plans & Pricing Log In Sign Up Dashboard Podcast Hosting Ultimate podcast hosting solution Professional Podcast Hosting Tools for networks, businesses, & advanced creators PowerPress Plugin No. 1 WordPress podcast publishing plugin Private Podcasting For designated ears only, available via app and desktop Podcast Website Free, easy-to-use WordPress site Affordable Plans & Pricing User-friendly podcast tools & plans Podcast Statistics Analyze your audience: Geo, Apps & Devices, etc. Audience Surveys Demographics directly from your listeners Sign Up Get free podcast statistics Dynamic Ad Insertion Pre-mid-post roll ad campaign control Pro-Production Pros to assist your podcast launch and regular publishing Programmatic Advertising Earn money immediately for your show Podcast Directory Promote your podcast in the world’s largest directory Premium Podcasting Offer bonus episodes, early release of content, ad free episodes, etc. Getting Started Our getting started guides How-to-Podcast You’ve got lots to learn & we have lots of podcast knowledge to share Documentation Support for all of our tools, making podcasting easy from start to finish Podcast Support Contact us 7 days a week, read documentation, or call us! Developers Resources to integrate with Blubrry Podcast Insider & Blog Subscribe to our show and learn from our weekly blog posts Community (FB page) Become part of the Blubrry online community About Blubrry We’ve been around since 2005 Socials PODCAST HOSTING Publish, Analyze, Grow... Blubrry’s podcast hosting makes podcasting easier with our straightforward publishing platform, live customer support, stress-free migration and insightful statistics. Start Podcasting Podcast Services Podcast Hosting Podcast Statistics Podcast Growth Podcast Hosting Blubrry is a full-service podcast host, from the individual podcaster to professional businesses and networks. Hosting Plans & Features PowerPress Plugin WordPress user? Our podcast publishing plugin, PowerPress, works with Blubrry hosting to power your podcast. Podcast Website Don’t have a website? We provide all hosting customers with a free WordPress website. Professional Podcast Hosting Tools for networks, businesses and advanced creators including dynamic ad insertion. Private Podcasting Create your podcast for authenticated users, accessing your show through iOS, Android and a private web app. Podcast Statistics Our podcast statistics are IAB V2.1 certified compliant Begin Analyzing Podcast Statistics Answering all of your audience questions, providing podcast analytics that you can use to grow your show. Review your listener trends, audience retention, geo-locations and more. Audience Surveys Build a comprehensive picture of your audience based on demographics directly from your listeners. Podcast Growth Dynamic Ad Insertion Manage pre-, mid- and post-roll advertising/promotion campaigns using modern technology. Programmatic Ads Earn money immediately with ads programmatically delivered to your audience. Media Kit All podcast hosting customers can configure a free podcast media kit that updates daily with new audience data. Learn how to create your media kit here. QuickLinks Effectively manage all of your podcast-related links with your QuickLinks landing page. Available to all hosting customers, learn more here. Thrive Bundle Enhanced tools and services of our existing products for our Advanced Hosting customers. Learn more about the Thrive Bundle here. Pro-Production Podcast professionals guide you in the launch, publishing and social promotion of your show. Over 17 Years of Podcast Innovation I’ve been using Blubrry for a decade now for my podcast, and they’ve always been amazingly helpful with anything question or problems that I’ve ever had. Also, they keep adding features and making everyhiting better and better. They’re great!” Natty Bumpercar Pre-sales support designed to help you, not sell you. Quick and compassionate tech support. And seeing the founder in podcasting forums online and att events, I know that Blubrry is there advocating for podcasters.” The Greylock Glass Blubrry Blog & Podcast February 29, 2024 Announcement Happy Leap Day! Consider today an extra day to explore a few recent conversations and insights from Podcast Insider that you might have missed or simply want to… View February 29, 2024 Announcement Happy Leap Day! Consider today an extra day to explore a few recent conversations and insights from Podcast Insider that you might have missed or simply want to… View February 26, 2024 accessibility Apple Transcriptions a Welcome Addition to Industry-Wide Accessibility Apple announced in January that Apple Podcasts will automatically transcribe episodes starting in the spring. This is excellent news for podcasters throughout the industry as… View February 26, 2024 accessibility Apple Transcriptions a Welcome Addition to Industry-Wide Accessibility Apple announced in January that Apple Podcasts will automatically transcribe episodes starting in the spring. This is excellent news for podcasters throughout the industry as… View February 22, 2024 Episode Video Podcasting vs. YouTube vs. Spotify - PCI 385 A Video Podcast is What You Want it To Be Video podcasting has revolutionized the way audiences engage with content, offering a visually enriching experience… View February 22, 2024 Episode Video Podcasting vs. YouTube vs. Spotify - PCI 385 A Video Podcast is What You Want it To Be Video podcasting has revolutionized the way audiences engage with content, offering a visually enriching experience… View MONTHLY NEWSLETTER Sign Up for Our Newsletter MONTHLY NEWSLETTER Sign Up for Our Newsletter Keep on top of the latest advancements, trends and news at Blubrry. Sign up for our newsletter now. Our Awesome Partners Headliner Descript PodRocket Rev Auphonic Podcast Support Reach the Blubrry support team seven days a week via email or phone. Contact Support Contact Us Reach us about any question with our contact form. Support Submit a technical support ticket. Phone 1-877-729-8642 M-F 9-5 EST Documentation Full-service documentation. Podcaster of the Month: Really Awful Movies How to Start a Podcast See our complete guide on how anyone can start a podcast. GETTING STARTED FOR BEGINNERS MIGRATING YOUR PODCAST TO BLUBRRY STARTING A PODCAST AS A BUSINESS MONETIZE YOUR PODCAST FROM DAY 1 FREE TRIAL Terms Privacy Contact Support Podcast Hosting Podcast Statistics PowerPress Plugin Podcast Manual About Careers Partners Affiliate Program © 2024 Blubrry Podcasting