Air & Space Magazine | Smithsonian Magazine Sections Subscribe Renew Shop Subscribe Give a Gift Renew Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel History Archaeology U.S. History World History Video Newsletter Science Human Behavior Mind & Body Our Planet Space Wildlife Newsletter Innovation Innovation for Good Education Energy Health & Medicine Sustainability Technology Video Newsletter Arts & Culture Museum Day Art Books Design Food Music & Film Video Newsletter Travel Africa & the Middle East Asia Pacific Europe Central and South America U.S. & Canada Journeys Newsletter At The Smithsonian Visit Exhibitions New Research Artifacts Curators' Corner Ask Smithsonian Podcasts Voices Newsletter Podcast Photos Photo Contest Instagram Video Original Series Smithsonian Channel Newsletters Shop Air & Space Magazine Top NASA Photos of All Time 50 indelible images from the first 50 years of spaceflight The Space History Division, National Air and Space Museum The Final Flight of Extortion 17 Black Shoes and Brown Shoes: Beyond the Flight Deck of an Aircraft Carrier The 727 That Vanished 10 All-Time Great Pilots Get the latest from Smithsonian magazine in your inbox every weekday. By checking this box, I agree to receive other information from the Smithsonian, including relevant content and programming, news about Smithsonian events, trips and offers, and museum updates. Click to visit our Privacy Statement. Easy unsubscribe links are provided in every email. Latest The Russian Jet That Fights for Both Sides What Ukrainian air force pilots had to say about their aging Su-27s. Updated: March 11, 2022Originally Published: October 2020 Qantas Airways' Longest-Ever Commercial Flight The flight odyssey went from Argentina to Australia. December 2021 U.S. Marines on a Japanese Carrier The F-35B test represents the first landing on a Japanese carrier by a U.S. fixed-wing aircraft since World War II. December 2021 What the History of Early Flight Might Tell Us About the Future of Space Travel The acting director of the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum on the new 'Early Flight' gallery December 2021 Skyhawk Homecoming Dad wanted to be impressed, and he paid dearly for the privilege. December 2021 Moon Crater Spudis A lunar landmark gets a new name to honor a distinguished scientist. December 2021 The Patient Astronaut Bruce McCandless waited almost two decades for his first space flight. December 2021 Marsliner Elon Musk’s giant Starship will leave the world behind. December 2021 The Condors Quartet Operation Lam Son 719 changed them. Then they waited for the world to catch up. December 2021 A New Gallery Celebrates the Pioneers of Flight In flight’s first decade, the challenges—and the possibilities—were endless. December 2021 They Couldn’t Stop Amelia Earhart The famous American’s attempt to fly around the world was nearly thwarted by British officialdom. December 2021 Defend the <i>Intrepid</i> It survived two wars, but now it faces another grave threat: the environment of New York City. December 2021 The Next Robots on the Moon In the 1960s, the moon race was war. This time, it’s commerce. December 2021 Farewell to a Giant Airbus struggled to invent the world’s biggest airliner. In the end, it wasn’t technology—it was timing—that killed the beast. December 2021 The Ugliest Airplane: An Appreciation The Transavia AirTruk ain’t pretty, but it had purpose. December 2021 The Air Taxi Arrives at the Smithsonian The company that gave us the first supersonic airplane and the V-22 Osprey presents something new. November 15, 2021 The Best Vintage Airplanes of 2021 This year’s winners at the National Aviation Heritage Invitational. November 15, 2021 Flying Colors How they pick the paint scheme in your airplane, and other tricks of passenger cabin design. November 15, 2021 Best Children's Books of 2021 The top aviation- and space-themed books for kids. November 11, 2021 Black Shoes and Brown Shoes: Beyond the Flight Deck of an Aircraft Carrier In a floating city of several thousand people, there’s a lot to do beside just flying airplanes. November 10, 2021 Smithsonian Voices National Air and Space Museum Meet the First American Women to Fly Combat Missions National Air and Space Museum 20 Years of the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center National Air and Space Museum Yes, Walt Disney’s Private Jet Was Called Mickey Mouse One National Air and Space Museum This Object Represents a New Approach to Moon Exploration National Air and Space Museum Space Shuttle Astronauts Tell All National Air and Space Museum How Commercial Landers Are Changing Lunar Exploration National Air and Space Museum What Chuck Yeager's Medals and Ribbons Tell Us About His Career See All Most Popular Coywolves are Taking Over Eastern North America This Is What Ancient Roman Wine Tasted Like Archaeologists Discover Wooden Spikes Described by Julius Caesar What Really Happened During the Murder of Rasputin, Russia's 'Mad Monk'? Single Orca Spotted Killing a Great White Shark for the First Time Ever Photo of the day Bike At the Blue Prickly Pig Explore Smart News History Science Innovation Arts & Culture Travel At The Smithsonian Podcast Photos Video Subscribe Subscribe Give a gift Renew Manage My Account Newsletters Sign Up Content Licensing Our Partners Smithsonian Institution Smithsonian.com Smithsonian Store Smithsonian Journeys Smithsonian Channel Smithsonian Books Smithsonian Membership Terms of Use About Smithsonian Contact Us Advertising RSS Member Services Sustainability Terms of Use Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Advertising Notice © 2024 Smithsonian Magazine Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms of Use Advertising Notice Your Privacy Rights Cookie Settings