Video Creation | Interactive Video | WeVideo Skip to main content WeVideo sign in PlayPosit sign in Homepage WeVideo Solutions WeVideo Video editor Screen recorder Green screen Interactivity Video templates PlayPosit by WeVideo Self-paced learning Audience response system Peer review Learner-made content Course creation Industries K-12 Transform learning environments with interactive video Higher ed Design and scale powerful digital learning programs Business Leverage interactive video for training and development Why WeVideo About us Leadership Customer stories Resources WeVideo Academy The best place to start learning how to use WeVideo Explore Academy Assignment Ideas Library Professional development Webinars Blog Help center Pricing Sign up Request a quote Dashboard Log out Interactive video, data-driven learning Turn passive viewers into active learners with content that maximizes engagement, retention, and performance. Request a quote Explore pricing Previous Slide Next Slide Transform your instructional content with WeVideo Create Record Engage Evaluate Collaborate Powerful multimedia tools Full-scale multimedia creation, without the learning curve. Create videos, podcasts, GIFs, & more—and empower learners to do the same. Screen & web recording Record your screen, webcam, or both. Auto-sync video & voiceover, then edit as much (or as little) as you want. Dynamic interactive layers Layer unique interactions (multiple choice, poll, free response, etc.) on top of your videos to engage & assess learners. Real-time analytics Receive behavioral and performance-based data as learners engage with your content. Use to scaffold & differentiate future instruction. Project-based learning Encourage PBL with real-time collaboration capabilities. Or partner with other educators for professional learning & instructional design. Teachers Develop mission critical 21st century skills, empower student voice & choice, and maximize instructional time. Learn more District leaders Drive deeper learning in the classroom, scale instructional capacity, and enhance professional learning programs. Learn more Higher ed Create new online courses, enrich existing materials, and scale efforts across instructional design teams. Learn more Business Build strong L&D programs, reduce Marketing's backlog, and turn more viewers into long-term customers. Learn more Seamlessly integrates with existing workflows Easily integrate with popular learning management systems like Canvas, Schoology, ClassLink, and Google Classroom, as well as a variety of video hosts. Trusted across the country and around the world WeVideo's products are used by two-thirds of the Top 100 U.S. school districts and hundreds of schools & universities around the world. Learn how interactive video makes an impact. Explore customer stories From our customers "As an avid content creator, I have tried numerous video editing tools, but none have come close to the versatility, user-friendliness, and feature-richness that WeVideo offers. A standout feature of WeVideo is its collaborative capabilities. WeVideo's real-time collaboration feature allows multiple users to edit a project simultaneously. This collaborative environment promotes seamless communication, enhances productivity, and streamlines the entire editing workflow." Zita Joyce. Primary Years Program Coordinator, Stonehill International School "PlayPosit [by WeVideo] is a truly intuitive and highly effective solution that has been surpassing all expectations for the entire learning innovation design team since the day we integrated the platform." Maikel Right FIU Online Associate Director of Instructional Technology and Faculty Fellow "I teach with projects, and WeVideo is an excellent platform for students to work collaboratively on video projects. While most teens have some ideas about video from their cell phones, [WeVideo] takes their creativity and skills to a whole new level, allowing them to find their voice in new and exciting ways." Peter de Lisle. Academic Director, Inanda Seminary "WeVideo gives us the ability to scale our video offerings without extensive staff training or design experience. For example, a social media manager is empowered to create simple videos using the templates we establish in the system, and this allows more people within the agency to be video creators." David Tisdale Marketing Director, Vx Group "The features in PlayPosit [by WeVideo] have been a hit here in DC Public Schools because they allow for all learners–students and adults– to engage with learning in an alternative format." Sakon Kieh Director of Educational Technology, DCPS "The Assignment Library is exactly what we need, we are so excited about this. I absolutely love that it connects each assignment to the ISTE Standards." Holly Landez Director of Digital Learning & Innovation, Copperas Cove ISD Previous Slide Next Slide Latest WeVideo resources The Power of Multimedia as a Pedagogy 100+ Ways to Meet ISTE Standards with WeVideo 5 Reasons Your Business Needs Video Now Ready to transform the learning experience? Request a quote Explore pricing Solutions Video editor Screen recorder Green screen Interactivity Video templates Self-paced learning Audience response system Peer review Learner-made content Course creation Devices iOS Android Chromebook Windows Company About us Leadership Customer stories Careers Events News Affiliates Press kit Support Help center Contact us WeVideo System Status PlayPosit System Status Resources Academy Webinars Blog What's new Ambassador Program Assignment Ideas Library Professional development © 2024 WeVideo, Inc. Accessibility Privacy Policy Security Terms of Use Facebook Instagram X YouTube LinkedIn