Crisp's Blog - from the Crisp Consultants Crisp's Blog Menu Crisp's Blogfrom the Crisp Consultants The Key Insight and Core Idea Powering the Product Model Posted on 2024-02-20 – 19:29 by Christophe Achouiantz Dive into the Product Model’s key insights (focus on outcomes), and core idea (the empowered engineer) to re-invent your teams to become Empowered Teams. Continue reading Remote Training Tip: Combining Quote Factory with Snow Flakes Posted on 2024-02-07 – 11:44 by Mikael Brodd Even though the trend right now is that more and more return to the classrooms for in-person training, remote training sessions are for sure not gone. One challenge in remote trainings are energizing and thought provoking exercises, where participants can get a feel for theoretical concepts. Crisp is fairly well known for its abundance of Continue reading The Product Model Decoded: Building Product-Led Organizations Posted on 2024-02-01 – 19:17 by Christophe Achouiantz Dive into the essence of the Product Model, a transformative approach embraced by leading companies for consistent innovation at speed. Explore how this model, codified and championed by industry thought leaders, empowers teams, accelerates innovation, and reshapes organizational success in our dynamic, VUCA world. Continue reading Simple Workflow for Midjourney + ChatGPT Posted on 2024-01-11 – 17:07 by Hans Brattberg Jag är ingen fotograf eller van skapare av bilder men har alltid gillat bra foton när jag ser dem. Utan att riktigt förstå varför de ser bra ut eller ej. När jag försöker generera bilder med DALL·E 3 eller Midjourney så blir det alltid bara så där och är väldigt frustrerande! Men nu har jag Continue reading The Product Model at Spotify Posted on 2023-11-06 – 11:36 by Joakim Sundén Joakim’s Note: Spotify is an exceptional company, the best I’ve ever worked for. When I left the company after more than six years, I wanted to help other companies become more like Spotify. However, I didn’t believe companies could merely copy the organizational structures of tribes, chapters, and squads that have come to be known Continue reading How to transform to Empowered Product Teams – FAQ #3 Posted on 2023-11-02 – 14:44 by Mathias Holmgren Q: For years now our technical architecture and platform have limited us to use component teams. We are excited by empowered product teams, but because of this setup we experience barriers to getting started. What can we do to change this? Each of our teams is typically responsible for one or a few modules in Continue reading The story about rice that made me understand great leadership Posted on 2023-10-30 – 07:10 by Tomas Björkholm Within the leadership philosophy of “Intent-Based Leadership,” there is a saying that goes: “Create leaders, not followers.” It sounds great, and no one would argue against it, but do you really understand what it means? I didn’t, until I heard a story that I will now share with you. It all began when my colleague Continue reading Stubborn on vision and flexible on details: how to facilitate a Product Vision Sprint Posted on 2023-10-25 – 10:24 by Marcus Castenfors Where are we heading? What’s the future going to look like for our product? Let’s pause here. There is a sad truth. Most companies don’t answer these questions in a meaningful way. Being fortunate to meet many diverse companies in the world, the top struggle is direction. Commonly, talking to individual contributors, managers, and senior Continue reading Getting Started Guide for ChatGPT Posted on 2023-10-10 – 16:09 by Hans Brattberg Feeling overwhelmed by the possibilities of conversational AI? This guide serves as your initial stepping stone, simplifying the art of prompt crafting to help you get off to a strong start. Basic – Start here Prerequisite: You need ChatGPT plus for this tutorial to work. The free version of ChatGPT is not good enough (and Continue reading Jennifer Garvey Berger – Complexity Genius summary Posted on 2023-10-05 – 11:40 by Leading Complexity First out in our second season of the Leading Complexity Program was the fantastic Jennifer Garvey Berger. She did an amazing job of framing the whole program and connecting the participants with each other. Jennifer explained how we all experience complexity in our daily lives. She started with a question: How do you experience complex Continue reading Interview with Simon Wardley Posted on 2023-09-26 – 23:20 by Michael Göthe and Leading Complexity We proudly present Simon Wardley, one of this year’s teachers, in our Leading Complexity Program starting September 2023. Here is a summary of the interview below. M: Hi, Simon. It’s great to have you on the program this year. Could you briefly say who you are for those who don’t know you? S: I am Continue reading Bill Fischer and the Dynamics of Haier’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem Posted on 2023-09-26 – 13:37 by Tomas Björkholm and Leading Complexity In a session for the Leading Complexity Program 2022, Bill Fischer shared his knowledge about Haier’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem and RenDanHeYi, the culture behind it. Here is a summary of the session. If you want to see the recording of the session, please sign up for this year’s program. Here are some insights: In this session, Continue reading How to transform to Empowered Product Teams – FAQ #2 Posted on 2023-09-22 – 17:32 by Mathias Holmgren Q: What is the best way to get customers and empowered teams closer so they could understand each other? And keep up with it so it is not a one time thing. In our organization we have done a few experiments with customers, but we have been struggling to make it a regular and deliberate Continue reading Agile intro – slides from my KTH talk Posted on 2023-09-20 – 17:14 by Henrik Kniberg Did my yearly agile intro talk at KTH today (Royal Institute of Technology). Here are the slides.Always enjoy meeting the students and sharing insights & experiences! Some sample slides below. Continue reading The Age of AI is here – now what? (my slides from Crisp Day) Posted on 2023-09-18 – 13:08 by Henrik Kniberg Here are the slides from my keynote “The Age of AI is here – now what?”, from Crisp Day 2023. There more I use this technology, the more clear it is to me that organizations need to deeply understand and apply this technology on a daily basis, or they will be unable to compete with Continue reading Interview with John Cutler on Navigating the Everyday (Beautiful) Mess Posted on 2023-09-12 – 13:33 by Michael Göthe and Leading Complexity We talked to John Cutler, one of our master class teachers in this year’s leading complexity program. John has a background in product management and UX, and is a Senior Director of Product Enablement at Toast. We discussed “complexity,” What it is, what the implications are for leaders today, and the topics of his talk: Continue reading Interview with Matthew Skelton co-author of “Team Topologies” Posted on 2023-09-08 – 12:50 by Tomas Björkholm and Leading Complexity I had the great pleasure of meeting Matthew Skelton for an interview about his view on complexity. In this interview, Matthew discusses the different types of complexity and how leaders can maneuver in complex environments. He also talks about the Team Topologies framework, which is a tool that can help organizations become more adaptable to Continue reading Interview with Lyssa Adkins Posted on 2023-08-31 – 15:09 by Tomas Björkholm and Leading Complexity Hear Lyssa Adkins, author of the legendary book “Coaching Agile Teams”, talk about complexity and the importance for leaders to upgrade, downgrade and expand. A short summary of the interview Lyssa Adkins, an experienced Agile coach, has shifted her focus to leadership development and effective leadership team functioning. In the interview, she discusses adapting to Continue reading Sonja Blignaut – Leading in Complexity by Curating Context Posted on 2023-08-29 – 15:32 by Michael Göthe and Leading Complexity Throughout the Leading Complexity program, we have had the opportunity to learn from the best thinkers in leadership and complexity. One of them Sonja Blignaut. As a meteorologist, she has a fascinating natural sciences background, giving her a unique perspective on human systems. In her session, she shared some of her latest thinking, which she Continue reading WhoDunit – AI game development on steroids Posted on 2023-08-26 – 12:20 by Henrik Kniberg (Here is a video version of this article) I made a little game called WhoDunit, a detective roleplaying game. Feel free to try it at whodunit.kniberg.com. This started as an experiment in how far I could go with AI in game development. In fact, the game is entirely based on AI and would not be Continue reading Marty Cagan and Leading with Context not Control Posted on 2023-08-23 – 08:48 by Leading Complexity Summary of Marty Cagan’s session in the Leading Complexity Program 2022. Marty Cagan, a renowned product management expert, and author, is another eye-opener Leading Complexity keynote speaker. In his session, he shares his insights on the importance of first principles, thinking, talking, and coaching in the product development process. Drawing from examples of successful companies, Continue reading Interview with Kent Beck Posted on 2023-08-17 – 16:03 by Tomas Björkholm and Leading Complexity In this year’s edition of the Leading Complexity program, we are privileged to welcome Kent Beck, the mastermind behind eXtreme Programming and a distinguished signatory of the Agile Manifesto. Dive into our interview with Kent as he shares insights on navigating complexity and offers invaluable guidance on addressing it. Summary of the video below The Continue reading Stephen Bungay and the Art of Leadership Posted on 2023-08-16 – 16:38 by Michael Göthe and Leading Complexity Summary of Stephen Bungay’s session in the Leading Complexity Program 2022. Leadership and direction setting are essential components of any successful business strategy. One of the very best thought leaders on business strategy that is well familiar to Crisp is one of last year’s Leading Complexity keynote speakers Stephen Bungay. Not only is he an Continue reading The impact of value creation using AI Posted on 2023-08-11 – 12:45 by Mattias Skarin Over the past year, there have been significant advancements in the field of AI, leading to an increased interest in working with AI technologies. Videos and posts showcasing AI’s ability to create perfect images, respond intelligently to questions, or speak like a human being have spread widely. But amidst all this novelty, it’s worth pausing Continue reading Interview with Dr. Annika Steiber about complexity Posted on 2023-08-10 – 17:53 by Tomas Björkholm and Leading Complexity In our upcoming Leading Complexity program this fall, we are honored to host Dr. Annika Steiber as a speaker. With years of dedicated research into the success stories of Silicon Valley companies, Annika has delved deep into the common managerial models that drive their achievements. I recently had an enlightening conversation with Annika, gaining insights Continue reading Summary of Lisa Gill’s session in the Leading Complexity Program 2022 Posted on 2023-07-11 – 10:27 by Leading Complexity The Transformative Power of Conscious Leadership Lisa Gill, renowned coach, and organizational consultant, is the next keynote speaker of the Leading Complexity series. In her intervention, she provides a deep dive into the challenges of contemporary leadership and the inner shifts needed for new ways of working to work. Drawing from her wealth of experience, Continue reading Teresa Torres about complexity and her session Posted on 2023-07-06 – 13:58 by Leading Complexity We are fortunate to be able to present Teresa Torres as one of the speakers in this years program. Here is a short video of her talking about complexity and her upcoming session. Hi everyone, I am Teresa Torres. I work as a product Discovery coach. That means that I help digital product teams make Continue reading Interview with Peter Senge about complexity Posted on 2023-06-21 – 11:54 by Leading Complexity We had the privilege of getting a short chat with the number one system thinker in the world, Peter Senge. Sorry for the background noise. If you want to hear more of him, please join the Leading Complexity program. Hello Peter. For those that don’t know you, who are you? Seems like a simple question Continue reading Summary of Johanna Rothman’s session, about the Modern Management Principles, in the Leading Complexity program 2022 Posted on 2023-06-15 – 17:05 by Leading Complexity Modern management is about positioning yourself to take advantage of complexity. Managers deal with complexity all the time, and management complexity is different from what the teams encounter. In this keynote, our speaker, Johanna Rothman, explores 4 big ideas to adopt modern management practices: define “why” for the organization, create management teams, shorten feedback loops, Continue reading Create Your Personalized Dynamic Tutorial with ChatGPT-4 Posted on 2023-06-15 – 13:18 by Hans Brattberg A Quick and Easy Guide No longer do you need to read static tutorials online! With ChatGPT-4, you can create your own dynamic, personalized tutorial in no time. It’s like sitting next to an expert in the field who answers all your questions as soon as they arise! The Initial Prompt To get the chat Continue reading Posts navigation Next page Crisp Crisp ABSveavägen 31SE-111 34 Stockholm Show on map Contact us Facebook YouTube AboutCrisp.se Consultants Courses Close navigation × Consultants Blog AuthorsMathias HolmgrenMikael BroddMax WenzinHans BrattbergMarcus CastenforsOlle HallinReza FarhangJoakim SundénMichael GötheJan GrapeAlexander TarlinderTomas BjörkholmPer LundholmFredrik LindgrenDavid BarnholdtHenrik KnibergMagnus AxelqvistEvil CoachChristophe AchouiantzGuest ContributorsLeading ComplexityTroy MagennisStephen BungayEllen GottesdienerAndrii DzyniaCraig LarmanAnders RamsayEsther DerbyJeff GothelfDavid EvansChristopher AveryGojko AdzicNeil CookCrisp AlumniAnders LaestadiusAnneli OlsenDaniel SundmanGustav BoströmJimmy JanlénMartin ChristensenMats HenricsonMattias SkarinMia KolmodinOscar LantzPeter AntmanThomas ThybergYassal Sundman