@SavingPlaces | National Trust for Historic Preservation Skip to main Support Donate Renew Join National Trust for Historic Preservation: Return to home page Search Menu Site Navigation Open Save Places section of the nav America's 11 Most Endangered Historic Places This annual list raises awareness about the threats facing some of the nation's greatest treasures. Join The National Trust Your support is critical to ensuring our success in protecting America's places that matter for future generations. Take Action Today Tell lawmakers and decision makers that our nation's historic places matter. Save Places PastForward National Preservation Conference Preservation Leadership Forum Grant Programs National Preservation Awards National Trust Historic Sites Open Explore Places section of the nav National Trust Historic Sites Explore this remarkable collection of historic sites online. Places Near You Discover historic places across the nation and close to home. Preservation Magazine & More Read stories of people saving places, as featured in our award-winning magazine and on our website. Explore Places Distinctive Destinations Guides Historic Hotels of America National Trust Tours Preservation Magazine Open Our Work section of the nav Saving America’s Historic Sites Discover how these unique places connect Americans to their past—and to each other. Telling the Full American Story Explore the diverse pasts that weave our multicultural nation together. Building Stronger Communities Learn how historic preservation can unlock your community's potential. Investing in Preservation’s Future Take a look at all the ways we're growing the field to save places. About Saving Places About the National Trust African American Cultural Heritage Action Fund Where Women Made History National Fund for Sacred Places Main Street America National Trust Historic Sites Historic Tax Credits Open Support section of the nav Support the National Trust Today Make a vibrant future possible for our nation's most important places. Leave A Legacy Protect the past by remembering the National Trust in your will or estate plan. Support Preservation As You Shop, Travel, and Play Discover the easy ways you can incorporate preservation into your everyday life—and support a terrific cause as you go. Support Us Today Donate Renew Join Gift Memberships Planned Giving Leadership Giving Monthly Giving Donate Renew Join Search Search Search Search Women's History Month Every place has a woman's story to tell. Learn more about how women's history is American history. Celebrate Women Explore & Act PastForward 2024 Online Symposium Join us April 3-4, 2024, for an online symposium on how preservation can help us mitigate and adapt to a changing climate. Registration is open! Preservation Magazine Wharton Esherick's home and studio, a mill conversion, historic restaurants, and more inside the latest issue. Preserve Route 66 Share Your Route 66 Story Route 66 is one of the most iconic roadways in America, yet its historic places—and their stories—continue to be lost over time. We need your help to share the stories of the Mother Road. Share Your Story Stay connected with us via email. Sign up today. Sign up for email updates Do not fill out this field if you are human Email Address Get Updates Sign up for email updates Email Address Historic Sites National Trust Historic Sites Plan your visit to one of these unique places. African American Cultural Heritage Action Fund Join Us Today Support Us Discover all ways you can support the work of National Trust and help us shape the future of places that matter. Historic Real Estate Let the National Trust and CIRCA Old Houses help you find the historic property of your dreams! Connect with the History Around You Discover places that matter. “You have to act as if it were possible to radically transform the world. And you have to do it all the time.” — Angela Davis Additional Info National Trust for Historic Preservation http://savingplaces.org 600 14th Street NW Suite 500 Washington, DC 20005 info@savingplaces.org Phone: 202-588-6000 Toll-Free: 800-944-6847 Fax: 202-588-6038 About Contact Careers Press Donate Advertising Historic Real Estate Partnerships Stay connected with us via email. Do not fill out this field if you are human Enter your email. Get Updates Stay connected with us via email. Enter your email. Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn © 2024 National Trust for Historic Preservation. All Rights Reserved. The National Trust for Historic Preservation is a private 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. The National Trust’s federal tax identification number is 53-0210807. Privacy Policy Terms of Use