freeze▼║flight▪▪╘fight◌█◌ | Kitzl + add album track merch listening party new artist existing artist stats × See all results No matching results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel partner × See all results No matching results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel artists PRO view site edit profile tools subscription subscription view collection purchases no results settings help log out sign up log in Get fresh music recommendations delivered to your inbox every Friday. We’ve updated our Terms of Use to reflect our new entity name and address. You can review the changes here. We’ve updated our Terms of Use. You can review the changes here. music community freeze​▼​║​flight​▪​▪​╘​fight​◌​█​◌ by Kitzl supported by Corduroy_Cam Space Mountain jbavington Toby D'Feindt Piers Nicholas Cooper aquarichy animalparty / Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album $6 CAD or more Send as Gift Share / Embed 1. Absolute Zero 04:26 info buy track 2. Inertia 03:32 info buy track 3. Whatisthematter 03:19 info buy track 4. Eye of It 04:11 lyrics buy track written/recorded/produced by Kitzl cover art by ThatGoodGraphic & Kitzl 5. Worst Self 02:27 lyrics buy track I can be my worst self for another night I can be my worst self :) about freeze▼║flight▪▪╘fight◌█◌ I↔ Absolute Zero II↔ Inertia III↔ Whatisthematter IV↔ Eye of It V↔ Worst Self VI↔ «͠••☼☼«͠••☼☼«͠••☼☼«͠••☼☼«͠••☼☼«͠••☼☼«͠••☼☼ credits released January 12, 2020 written/recorded/produced by Kitzl license all rights reserved tags Tags pop ambient pop art pop canada dream pop electro pop electronic electronica experiemental experimental pop female vocals indie pop sampling synth pop toronto Toronto Shopping cart subtotal USD taxes calculated at checkout Check out about Kitzl Toronto, Ontario placeholder Professional jellyfish linktr.ee discography freeze​▼​║​flight​▪​▪​╘​fight​◌​█​◌ Jan 2020 40 Moons That We Know Of Apr 2019 40 moons Apr 2019 GSF Jan 2019 Armadilla Nov 2018 contact / help Contact Kitzl Streaming and Download help Redeem code Report this album or account If you like Kitzl, you may also like: El descensoby Caliza Madrid's Caliza creates intricately sound-designed ambient art pop addressing the climate crisis on this striking new LP. Bandcamp New & Notable Nov 23, 2021 go to album Nuits Plurielles (Album)by Bronswick Slick, swooning Francophone pop from the Montreal duo, tailor-made for creatures of the night. Bandcamp New & Notable Sep 25, 2019 go to album All Those Things I Thought I Knewby emzae Singer-songwriter and producer's debut album is filled with '90s and Y2K-era influenced pop tracks. Bandcamp New & Notable Sep 8, 2023 go to album At Scaramoucheby Shabason & Krgovich Smooth jazz pop with witty slice of life lyricism will bring to mind wandering around the mall in 1987. Bandcamp New & Notable Aug 18, 2022 go to album SPIRITUSby Home Body Buoyant vocals and a varied palette of synths work in perfect tandem to create gorgeous art-pop that's able to address big realities. Bandcamp New & Notable Apr 2, 2019 go to album It's Nearly Night Timeby Arminda K The great new record from Arminda K is full of synth-heavy songs that cast out in fascinating directions—accessible & experimental alike. Bandcamp New & Notable Feb 21, 2021 go to album Coax Me Outby Pearl Crush '80s pop sensibilities bent and refracted through a dreamy, surreal mirror to get at intimate, complex truths. Bandcamp New & Notable May 23, 2018 go to album Bandcamp Daily your guide to the world of Bandcamp Banoffee Grows Into Herself on Avant-Pop Triumph “Look At Us Now Dad” The Dreamy Synth Pop of Puerto Rico’s Los Wálters is Rooted in Themes of Distance and Escape Austra Imagines a Better World On Bandcamp Radio Dis Fig joins the show to talk about her collab album with The Body. listen now Bandcamp log in terms of use privacy copyright acceptable use & moderation switch to mobile view language: