Freakonomics - The hidden side of everything Podcasts Freakonomics Radio No Stupid Questions People I (Mostly) Admire The Economics of Everyday Things The Freakonomics Radio Book Club Special Series Older Shows Recommendations Membership On the Radio Books Shop About The Hosts The Team How to Listen FAQ JOBS Blog Contact Search Search the Site Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube Water, Water Everywhere — But You Have to Stop and Think What surprises lurk in our sewage? How did racist city planners end up saving Black lives? Why does Arizona grow hay for cows in Saudi Arabia? Three strange stories about the most fundamental substance we all take for granted. Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Google Podcasts Spotify YouTube Bowling Alleys (Replay) Once America’s favorite recreational activity, bowling has been in the gutter for decades. But some surviving alleys are resetting the pins. Zachary Crockett laces up. Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube Do You Need Closure? What’s the best way to carry out random acts of kindness? What’s wrong with making an “Irish exit”? And why is Mike secretly buying lottery tickets? Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube How to Have Great Conversations The Power of Habit author Charles Duhigg wrote his new book in an attempt to learn how to communicate better. Steve shares how the book helped him understand his own conversational weaknesses. Freakonomics Radio Plus Introducing the Freakonomics Radio Plus membership program! Sign up to get weekly member-only episodes from Freakonomics Radio. Plus, you'll get every Freakonomics Radio Network show without ads. Learn More More Episodes Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube EXTRA What Is Sportswashing — and Does It Work? (Update) In ancient Rome, it was bread and circuses. Today, it’s a World Cup, an Olympics, and a new Saudi-backed golf league that’s challenging the P.G.A. Tour. Can a sporting event really repair a country’s reputation — or will it trigger the dreaded Streisand Effect? Also: why the major U.S. sports leagues are warming up to the idea of foreign investment. Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Google Podcasts Spotify YouTube Episode 38 Junk Mail Why does the mailman bring us so many catalogs, credit card offers, and pizza coupons? Because his job depends on it. Zachary Crockett checks the mailbox. Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube Episode 184 Are You Doing Too Much? How can you strive for excellence without overworking yourself? Why is perfectionism on the rise? And is Angela part of the problem? Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube Episode 522 Is Google Getting Worse? (Update) It used to feel like magic. Now it can feel like a set of cheap tricks. Is the problem with Google — or with us? And is Google Search finally facing a real rival, in the form of A.I.-powered “answer engines”? Freakonomics Radio Network Newsletter Stay up-to-date on all our shows. We promise no spam. The Freakonomics Radio Network Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube 758 Episodes Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube 199 Episodes Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Spotify Google Podcasts YouTube 135 Episodes Follow this show Follow on Apple Podcasts Amazon Music Google Podcasts Spotify YouTube 43 Episodes Follow this show Follow on Audible iTunes Spotify 19 Episodes More From Our Network Episode EXTRA Mr. Feynman Takes a Trip — But Doesn’t Fall Episode 577 The Vanishing Mr. Feynman Episode 183 Does Free Will Exist, and Does It Matter? Episode 182 Is It Good or Bad to Keep Secrets? Episode 125 Is Gynecology the Best Innovation Ever? Episode 124 Daron Acemoglu on Economics, Politics, and Power Episode 37 Personal Injury Lawyers Episode 36 ATMs Episode 20 Why Are People So Mad at Michael Lewis? Episode 19 The Facts Are In: Two Parents Are Better Than One How to Listen You want to listen to Freakonomics Radio? That’s great! Most people use a podcast app on their smartphone. It’s free (with the purchase of a phone, of course). Looking for more guidance? We’ve got you covered. Learn more about how to listen Freakonomics Radio Network Newsletter Stay up-to-date on all our shows. We promise no spam. The Books Podcasts Freakonomics Radio No Stupid Questions People I (Mostly) Admire The Economics of Everyday Things The Freakonomics Radio Book Club Special Series Older Shows Recommendations Membership On the Radio Books Shop About The Hosts The Team How to Listen FAQ JOBS Blog Contact Twitter Facebook Freakonomics® is a registered service mark of Renbud Radio, LLC. All contents © Freakonomics. All rights reserved. As an Amazon Associate, Freakonomics may earn commissions from qualifying purchases made through links on this site. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service We have updated our Privacy Policy to clarify how we collect and process your personal data. By continuing to use this website, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the updated Privacy Policy.