IPAC About Science Projects & Data Future Outreach News Events Community Our Mission History Organization Committees Staff Directory Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Contact Us General Information Visitor Information Social Media Overview Science Staff Meet the Scientists Talks Fellowships Science Collaborations ALPINE ALMA Large Program to Investigate C+ at Early Times COSMOS Cosmic Evolution Survey GOALS Great Observatories All-sky LIRG Survey SMOG Spitzer Mapping of the Outer Galaxy UVUDF Panchromatic Hubble Ultra Deep Field: Ultraviolet Coverage WISPS WFC3 Infrared Spectroscopic Parallel Survey More Students Graduate Students Undergraduate Students High School Students Citizen Science Working at IPAC Archives & Data Science ExoFOP Exoplanet Follow-up Observing Program IRSA Infrared Science Archive KOA Keck Observatory Archive NASA Exoplanet Archive NED NASA/IPAC Extragalactic Database NEID NN-explore Exoplanet Investigations with Doppler spectroscopy DOIs Missions & Centers Euclid Euclid NASA Science Center at IPAC NExScI NASA Exoplanet Science Institute NEOWISE Near-Earth Object Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer ZTF Zwicky Transient Facility In Development ARIEL/CASE Atmospheric Remote-sensing Infrared Exoplanet Large-survey LTB Lunar Trailblazer NEO Surveyor Near-Earth Object Surveyor RAPID Roman Alerts Promptly from Image Differencing Roman Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope Rubin Vera C. Rubin Observatory SPHEREx Spectro-Photometer for the History of the Universe, Epoch of Reionization and Ices Explorer UVEX Ultraviolet Explorer Legacy 2MASS Two Micron All Sky Survey Herschel NASA Herschel Science Center IRAS Infrared Astronomical Satellite ISO Infrared Space Observatory Planck U.S. Planck Data Center SOFIA Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy Spitzer Spitzer Science Center TMT Thirty Meter Telescope WISE Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer In Development ARIEL/CASE Atmospheric Remote-sensing Infrared Exoplanet Large-survey LTB Lunar Trailblazer Roman Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope NEO Surveyor Near-Earth Object Surveyor RAPID Roman Alerts Promptly from Image Differencing SPHEREx Spectro-Photometer for the History of the Universe, Epoch of Reionization and Ices Explorer UVEX Ultraviolet Explorer Rubin Vera C. Rubin Observatory Mission Studies & Proposals ISCEA Infrared SmallSat for Cluster Evolution Astrophysics JSP Joint Survey Processing More EPO Projects Cool Cosmos NITARP NASA/IPAC Teacher Archive Research Program NASA Universe of Learning AstroPix Astrovisualization Community of Practice Universe Unplugged Overview Key Expertise Education Science Visualization & Illustration Virtual Reality Animation/Video Production Outreach & Communications Website Development All News IPAC News Project News Uplink Newsletters All Events Science Talk Public Event Symposium Conference Workshop Panel Discussion Overview Fellowships Conferences Decadal Survey IPAC at AAS / DPS meetings About Our Mission History Organization Committees Staff Directory Meet the Staff Job Opportunities Contact Us Science Overview Science Staff Meet the Scientists Talks Fellowships Science Collaborations Students Projects & Data Archive & Data Science Missions & Centers In Development Legacy Future In Development Mission Studies & Proposals Outreach Overview Education Science Visualization & Illustration Virtual Reality Animation/Video Production Outreach & Communications Website Development Education & Outreach News All News IPAC News Project News Uplink Newsletters Events All Events Science Talk Public Event Symposium Conference Workshop Panel Discussion Community Overview Fellowships Conferences Decadal Survey IPAC at AAS / DPS meetings Science & Data Center for Astrophysics & Planetary Sciences New NASA Mission will Study Ultraviolet Sky, Stars, Stellar Explosions Project News • February 13th, 2024 As NASA explores the unknown in air and space, a new mission to survey ultraviolet light across the entire sky will provide the agency with more insight into how galaxies and stars evolve. The space telescope, called UVEX (UltraViolet EXplorer), is targeted to launch in 2030 as NASA’s next Astrophysics Medium-Class Explorer mission. Shoubaneh Hemmati Featured Scientist • February 15th, 2024 In this profile series, we feature current Caltech/IPAC scientists. We get to know some of the people who work behind the scenes, supporting NASA’s and other astronomy projects, while also conducting their own personal research. In this second profile, we feature Shoubaneh “Shooby” Hemmati, who is an early career staff scientist at IPAC and works for the Euclid NASA Science Center at IPAC (ENSCI) and for the NASA/IPAC Infrared Science Archive (IRSA). IPAC Names Tracy Chen the New Task Lead of Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) Science Data System IPAC News • February 15th, 2024 Dr. Tracy Chen, a member of IPAC since 2009, was appointed the new Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) Science Data System Lead, starting on January 2nd, 2024. NASA’s Roman to Use Rare Events to Calculate Expansion Rate of Universe Project News • February 7th, 2024 Astronomers investigating one of the most pressing mysteries of the cosmos – the rate at which the universe is expanding – are readying themselves to study this puzzle in a new way using NASA’s Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope. Once it launches by May 2027, astronomers will mine Roman’s wide swaths of images for gravitationally lensed supernovae, which can be used to measure the expansion rate of the universe. NASA Puts Next-Gen Exoplanet-Imaging Technology to the Test Project News • January 31st, 2024 A cutting-edge tool to view planets outside our solar system has passed two key tests ahead of its launch as part of the agency’s Roman Space Telescope by 2027. ZTF PUBLIC DATA RELEASE 20: Now available Announcement • January 17th, 2024 The Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) and IPAC at the California Institute of Technology announce the eleventh ZTF Public Data Release. SPHEREx Space Telescope Stays Cool in Basement at Caltech News Release • September 22nd, 2023 NASA's SPHEREx space telescope has been tucked inside a custom-built chamber on and off for the past two months undergoing tests to prepare it for its two-year mission in space. SPHEREx, which stands for Spectro-Photometer for the History of the Universe, Epoch of Reionization and Ices Explorer, is set to launch into orbit around Earth no later than April 2025. ZTF PUBLIC DATA RELEASE 19: Now available Announcement • September 8th, 2023 Our Mission IPAC at Caltech partners with NASA, NSF, JPL and the world-wide research community to advance exploration of our Universe. Beginning with the IRAS mission in 1985 and spanning through Herschel & Spitzer in recent years, and Roman and Euclid, planned to launch later this decade, we have enabled transformative research of the infrared sky. We provide science operations, user support, data services, and scientific vision to maximize discovery with observatories both in space and on the ground. We share these discoveries with the public through education outreach programs and award-winning media. Our community of active researchers is dedicated and essential to fulfilling this mission. Read More Archives & Data Science Missions & Centers In Development Mission Studies & Proposals Science at IPAC Our community of active researchers is key to the strategic development and execution of all programs supported by IPAC. IPAC scientific staff are engaged in research spanning a broad range of fields in astrophysics and planetary sciences. Areas of special focus include exoplanets; dark energy and cosmology; star formation and galaxy evolution; asteroids and the solar system; and the area in which IPAC has provided leadership for over three decades -- exploration of the infrared and sub-mm universe. Read More Featured Research Science Collaborations Science at IPAC Our community of active researchers is key to the strategic development and execution of all programs supported by IPAC. IPAC scientific staff are engaged in research spanning a broad range of fields in astrophysics and planetary sciences. Areas of special focus include exoplanets; dark energy and cosmology; star formation and galaxy evolution; asteroids and the solar system; and the area in which IPAC has provided leadership for over three decades -- exploration of the infrared and sub-mm universe. Read More Announcements New NASA Mission will Study Ultraviolet Sky, Stars, Stellar Explosions Project News • February 13th, 2024 As NASA explores the unknown in air and space, a new mission to survey ultraviolet light across the entire sky will provide the agency with more insight into how galaxies and stars evolve. The space telescope, called UVEX (UltraViolet EXplorer), is targeted to launch in 2030 as NASA’s next Astrophysics Medium-Class Explorer mission. Shoubaneh Hemmati Featured Scientist • February 15th, 2024 In this profile series, we feature current Caltech/IPAC scientists. We get to know some of the people who work behind the scenes, supporting NASA’s and other astronomy projects, while also conducting their own personal research. In this second profile, we feature Shoubaneh “Shooby” Hemmati, who is an early career staff scientist at IPAC and works for the Euclid NASA Science Center at IPAC (ENSCI) and for the NASA/IPAC Infrared Science Archive (IRSA). IPAC Names Tracy Chen the New Task Lead of Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) Science Data System IPAC News • February 15th, 2024 Dr. Tracy Chen, a member of IPAC since 2009, was appointed the new Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) Science Data System Lead, starting on January 2nd, 2024. More Announcements Events Mar 6 Shuo Kong (U. Arizona): "Filament Formation Via Collision-Induced Magnetic Reconnection - Formation of a Star Cluster" Science Talk • 12:15 PM, March 6th, 2024 • MR-102 and online (Zoom), please join the Caltech/IPAC Seminar Mailing list at https://lists.ipac.caltech.edu/mailman/listinfo/seminars to obtain more information A collision-induced magnetic reconnection (CMR) mechanism was recently proposed to explain the formation of a filament in the Orion A molecular cloud. In this mechanism, a collision between two clumps with reverse magnetic fields produces a dense filament... Mar 13 Brian Svoboda (NRAO) Science Talk • 12:15 PM, March 13th, 2024 • Online only (Zoom), please join the Caltech/IPAC Seminar Mailing list at https://lists.ipac.caltech.edu/mailman/listinfo/seminars to obtain more information Mar 20 Maxime Devogele (UCF) Science Talk • 12:15 PM, March 20th, 2024 • Online only (Zoom), please join the Caltech/IPAC Seminar Mailing list at https://lists.ipac.caltech.edu/mailman/listinfo/seminars to obtain more information Mar 27 Travis Yeager (LLNL) Science Talk • 12:15 PM, March 27th, 2024 • Online only (Zoom), please join the Caltech/IPAC Seminar Mailing list at https://lists.ipac.caltech.edu/mailman/listinfo/seminars to obtain more information More Events Featured Projects ARIEL/CASE Euclid IRSA KOA LTB Roman NASA Exoplanet Archive NExScI Herschel NED NITARP NEO Surveyor NEOWISE SPHEREx Spitzer Rubin ZTF Policies Privacy Policy Image Use Policy Get in Touch Visit IPAC Contact Us People Job Opportunities Stay in Touch Facebook Twitter