The Bible - Search & Read the Bible Online with Study Tools New! ESV Study Bible Exclusive to PLUS Members - Subscribe Now The Bible The Bible Topics Bible Study Pastors References Bible Stories Join PLUS Login Join PLUS Login PLUS Bible Bible Versions Verse of the Day Verses by Topic Reading Plans Parallel Bible Books of the Bible Compare Translations Audio Bible Interlinear Bible Study Library Commentaries Concordances Dictionaries Encyclopedias Bible Stories Apocrypha Books Lexicons Tools Bible Living Articles Devotionals Inspirations Video Audio Books Bible Trivia Pastors Sermons Sunday School Lessons Newsletters Get Your Bible Minute in Your Inbox Every Morning Grow Deeper in the Word Search Browse Find It! Loading... Change Translation Close Loading Recent Translations All Translations Books Close Loading All Books Testaments Divisions Books Bible Verse of the Day 2 Chronicles 7:14 Share Close Share Tweet Save 14 if my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin and will heal their land. Today's Bible Reading Matthew 11:1-19; Leviticus 11-12; Proverbs 24 Read 3 passages each day, starting with Genesis, Psalms, and Luke. From the original Bible Study Tools 365 day reading plan. Start your own Bible reading plan Bible Study Are There Missing Books of the Bible? Is Gambling a Sin? 9 Christian Responses to Religious Trauma What Does It Mean to Waste Time with Jesus? More Bible Study Articles Bible Study Videos In the Lord's Prayer, What Does Jesus Mean by "Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread?" 4 Proactive Ways to Hear from God What Is Calvinism? Did Mary Have Other Children After Jesus? More Bible Study Videos Featured Verse Topics Healing Bible Verses Worry and Anxiety Bible Verses Bible Verses About Grief Comforting Bible Verses God's Promises in the Bible Bible Verses For Faith in Hard Times Encouraging Bible Verses Friendship Bible Verses Forgiveness Bible Verses Strength Bible Verses Love Bible Verses Inspirational Bible Verses Popular Bible Verses John 3:16 Romans 8:28 Genesis 1:1 Proverbs 3:6 Philippians 4:6 Jeremiah 29:11 Philippians 4:13 Proverbs 3:5 Romans 12:2 Matthew 28:19 Popular Bible Commentaries People's New Testament PLUS The Tony Evans Bible Commentary PLUS Matthew Henry Commentary on the Whole Bible (Complete) John Gill's Exposition of the Bible Geneva Study Bible PLUS Wesley's Explanatory Notes PLUS ESV Study Bible - Articles and Resources PLUS Today's Inspiration Numbers 6:24-26 More Inspirations BibleStudyTools.com is the largest free online Bible website for verse search and in-depth studies. We aim to offer the freshest and most compelling biblically-based content to Christians who take their relationship with Christ seriously. BibleStudyTools.com gives Christians of any age and at any stage the opportunity to read, study, understand, and apply the Bible to their lives. With free devotionals, study guides, helpful articles, and rich personalization functions, visitors to Bible Study Tools will be able to make the most of their Bible study time and unlock its meaning in their lives in new and vital ways. Search verses using the translation and version you like with over 30 to choose from including New International (NIV), King James (KJV), New American Standard (NASB), The Message, New Living (NLT), Holman Christian Standard (HCSB), English Standard (ESV), and many more versions of the Holy Bible. Our rich online library includes well known and trusted commentaries including the popular Matthew Henry Commentary, CSB Study Bible, Tony Evans Bible Commentary, commentaries from Warren Wiersbe, and many more. Other Bible study resources include concordances included Strong's Exhaustive Concordance and Naves Topical Concordance, Bible dictionaries, encyclopedias, parallel Bible, Hebrew and Greek lexicons, and historical Christian and church books such as Fox's Book of Martyrs. Our Bible verses by topic pages provide Biblical encouragement and wisdom for the trials, situations, and events that we all face as we walk this faith journey. In addition, we offer both Verse of the Day and Daily Bible Reading Plans by email to help you stay connected to God’s Word daily. A BibleStudyTools PLUS subscription offers visitors the access to exclusive in-depth Bible study articles, commentaries, printable prayer and devotional guides, and personalization features within the Bible such as note-taking, highlighting, and more - all in an ad-free environment! Learn more about who we are here. Privacy Policy Our Sites About Us Contact Us Proud member of Salem Media Group. Copyright © 2024, Bible Study Tools. All rights reserved. Article Images Copyright © 2024 Getty Images unless otherwise indicated. California - Do Not Sell My Personal Information California - CCPA Notice