University News & Events Skip to main content Skip to primary navigation UC Santa Cruz MyUCSC People Calendars Maps A-Z Index Search Newscenter Awards & Honors Events Videos Subscribe Contact Us Helpful Links News by topic News archives E-Newsletter Tuesday Newsday RSS feeds UCSC Magazine Administrative Messages University News & Events Featured story UC Santa Cruz Physicist Joel Primack wins 2024 AAAS Abelson Prize The American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) has awarded the prestigious 2024 Philip Hauge Abelson Prize to Joel R. Primack, distinguished professor of physics emeritus at the University of California, Santa Cruz and a key architect of the Cold Dark Matter theory. more » March 5, 2024Dining Services wins big at annual Clam Chowder Cook-OffUCSC Dining Services competed in the professional division of the 43rd annual Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk Clam Chowder Cook-Off, the country's largest and longest-running clam chowder competition. UCSC’s two teams brought back three awards, including the coveted first-place People’s Choice award for Manhattan clam chowder. March 5, 2024Slugcast rewind: Listen to episodes from the week of Feb. 25Hosted out of the Student Affairs and Success divisional office, Slugcast is the official UCSC podcast. March 4, 2024Center for Coastal Climate Resilience signs 4-year, $2.75 million agreement with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for work on nature-based solutions Coastal communities face escalating risks from climate change, natural disasters, and the loss of coastal habitats, such as salt marshes, mangroves, and coral reefs, and the outlook is particularly dire for many of our most vulnerable communities. In response to these pressing issues, the UC Santa Cruz Center for Coastal Climate Resilience (CCCR) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Engineering With Nature program recently signed a 4-year, $2.75 million cooperative agreement. They aim to address these challenges with equitable, nature-based solutions.February 29, 2024Dean Celine Parreñas Shimizu launches her new book: "The Movies of Racial Childhoods"To celebrate, Shimizu will be hosting a book launch on the University of California, Santa Cruz Campus at the Sesnon Gallery, where the book will be available for purchase from Two Birds Books. The book will be discussed in conversation with Shimizu and the Sesnon Gallery director Valeria Miranda. February 29, 2024United for Equity: Central Coast K-16 Regional Collaborative launch event celebrates a groundbreaking collaborationOn Feb. 9, leaders from the Central Coast K-16 Regional Collaborative, representing 30-plus educational institutions and industry partners across the Central Coast, gathered to launch an initiative aimed at addressing long-standing inequities and streamlining educational and career pathways. February 29, 2024UC Santa Cruz-based center leads system-wide commitment to White House food security initiative The Center for Economic Justice and Action (CEJA) at UC Santa Cruz will lead the University of California’s participation in the White House Challenge to End Hunger and Build Healthy Communities.February 28, 2024Open Educational Resources cut student costs and increase engagementMany students face a financial challenge when it comes to covering the cost of course materials each quarter. To help reduce this financial burden, a growing number of instructors at UC Santa Cruz are using Open Educational Resources (OER).February 27, 2024Center for Research in Open Source Software welcomes James Davis as new faculty director Professor of Computer Science and Engineering is the new faculty director of the Center for Research in Open Source Software (CROSS). February 26, 2024Alumnus James Dawes thrives in sustainable contracting and remodeling business with focus on reclaimed materialsUCSC alum James Dawes, founder of the successful contracting, demolition, and remodeling business PlaceMakers, takes pride in utilizing reclaimed materials and minimizing waste. Dawes credits his environmentally conscious business approach to the mindset cultivated during his college years. February 26, 2024Planned gift bolsters Año Nuevo's perpetual impactAño Nuevo is part of the University of California Natural Reserves System and one of the five reserves overseen by UC Santa Cruz. John Fox is including UC Santa Cruz in his estate plans to benefit the reserve far into the future. February 26, 2024Cultivating community treasures Chancellor’s Associate Francis Garcia shares his connection to UCSC February 26, 2024Two History of Consciousness professors named to lead prestigious political journalUniversity of California, Santa Cruz History of Consciousness Professors Banu Bargu and Massimiliano Tomba have been named co-editors of the influential scholarly journal Political Theory. More stories UCSC in the news NPR Former president of Honduras is on trial, facing charges that he ran a 'narco state' PBS Newshour Landmark report details how human activities can disrupt animal migrations The Hill California’s record rainfall leads to mudslides, sewage spills More Featured sites UC Santa Cruz MagazineWinter 2024 StoryCruz interviews Special reports How to find truth in today’s partisan world Neutron stars, gravitational waves, and all the gold in the universe Cancer in the crosshairs Work hard, play hard: Life according to renowned biochemist Harry Noller Why don't we say what we mean? The wild, wild west coast Awards & Honors Two UC Santa Cruz scientists named 2024 Sloan Research FellowsUC Santa Cruz awarded SEA Change Bronze Award for Diversity, Equity and InclusionUC Santa Cruz earns national acclaim: awarded NAFSA’s 2024 Senator Paul Simon Award for Comprehensive InternationalizationProtein designer awarded $2.5M to develop bioluminescent protein for deep tissue imagingMoreNews Briefs Dining Services opens Owl's Nest Cafe, located in Kresge CollegeNominations for the UC Women's Initiative for Professional Development are open until March 22UC Santa Cruz-based center leads system-wide commitment to White House food security initiative Continuing student housing application period closes March 4Office of Equity and Equal Protection announces new systemwide anti-discrimination policyDeadline to register to vote in March primary is Feb. 20Legal Studies major Lauren Elscott found her passion with music and events on campusMoreCampus messages The Staff Advisory Board reminds you to attend our Winter Forum on Wednesday, March 6Annual Pre-Retirement Planning Series for July 1 retirements and those within 5 years of UC retirementNotice of open comment period ALPR policyUC National Center for Free Speech and Civic Engagement Webinar SeriesMourning the tragic death of our studentAnnual notice on employees responsible for reporting discrimination, sexual violence or sexual harassmentMore UC Santa Cruz, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, Ca 95064 ©2024 Regents of the University of California. All Rights Reserved. Feedback Report an accessibility barrier Land Acknowledgment Employment Privacy Accreditation Last modified: February 13, 2024 128.114.113.82