ReliefWeb - Informing humanitarians worldwide Skip to main content Help Log in ReliefWeb Content Search What are you looking for? Search|t Updates Countries Disasters Organizations Topics Jobs Training Informing humanitarians worldwide 24/7 — a service provided by UN OCHA ReliefWeb Annoucement Latest Headlines Ukraine Ukraine suffers deadliest attack for children in months © OCHA/Kateryna Klochko Twelve people, nearly half of them children, died when a drone or its remnants struck a nine-storey residential building in the southern city of Odesa on Saturday. Source OHCHR oPt + 4 more FAO chief raises concerns about rise in hunger levels in NENA region © WFP/Jacques David Hunger in the Arab States reached its highest value since the start of the millennium in 2022, with 59.8 million undernourished people. This represents a 75.9 percent increase from 2000. Source FAO Myanmar Approximately 18.6 million people need humanitarian assistance in Myanmar © UNHCR Myanmar People are struggling to survive amid conflict and insecurity, civilian safety and protection threats, as well as soaring inflation that is rendering basic needs unattainable. Source OCHA Mozambique Displaced people in Mozambique’s Cabo Delgado plead for peace © UNHCR/Hélène Caux An underreported conflict in northern Mozambique has displaced thousands, who continue to struggle to find food, shelter and security. As of January, more than 582,000 were still displaced. Source UNHCR South Sudan UN highlights risk of more violence and rights violations if South Sudan’s conflict drivers remain unaddressed © UNICEF/Rich The situation in South Sudan is unacceptable, whereby families and communities are devastated by rights violations and abuses by armed forces, militias and state institutions acting with impunity. Source UN HRC oPt An estimated 9,000 women have been killed in Gaza since early October © UNICEF/Omar Al-Qattaa UN Women data shows that the war in Gaza kills and injures women in unprecedented ways. At the current rate, an average of 63 women per day will continue to be killed. Source UN Women Bolivia Floods and landslides disrupt the lives of 40,000 children in Bolivia © Antonio Miranda/OCHA An estimated 12 children have died among the 40,000 affected. Many are forced from their homes, unable to attend school and more vulnerable to violence, Save the Children warns. Source Save the Children Ethiopia El Niño-driven drought, floods, disease outbreaks and conflicts threatening the lives of children in Ethiopia © UNICEF/UN0629984/Pouget UNICEF's Ted Chaiban urged the international community to immediately scale up support for children and families to avert a deepening humanitarian catastrophe throughout the country. Source UNICEF View all headlines Recent Disasters Comoros: Cholera Outbreak - Feb 2024 Status Ongoing Ecuador: Floods - Feb 2024 Status Alert Colombia: Drought and Wild Fires - Jan 2024 Status Alert Chile: Wild Fires - Jan 2024 Status Alert Lebanon: Cold Wave - Jan 2024 Status Ongoing View all disasters Most Read (last 24 hours) Syria Syrian Arab Republic: 2024 Humanitarian Needs Overview (February 2024) Format Analysis Source OCHA Posted 3 Mar 2024 Originally published 3 Mar 2024 oPt + 1 more Hostilities in the Gaza Strip and Israel | Flash Update #131 Format Situation Report Source OCHA Posted 4 Mar 2024 Originally published 4 Mar 2024 View all updates Latest Blog Conflict in Sudan’s breadbasket threatens food supplies nationwide By Hannah Button The Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET) is teaming up with ReliefWeb to explain the science behind its projections of acute food insecurity and share resources related to the multi-faceted inputs that go into FEWS NET analyses.Fighting in Sudan has spread into the country’s breadbasket, and the Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET) is warning that new disruptions to trade... Posted 13 Feb 2024 Tags Food and nutritionprotection View all blog posts Opportunities 2,961 Open jobs 1,372 Training programs Subscribe Subscribe to ReliefWeb Blog Do not fill in this field Blog Labs About Us Terms Contact Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Telegram Service provided by United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs UN OCHA United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs OCHA coordinates the global emergency response to save lives and protect people in humanitarian crises. We advocate for effective and principled humanitarian action by all, for all. ReliefWeb's Terms & Conditions. © 2024 all rights reserved. OCHA Services Related Platforms Reliefweb Response Humanitarian Data Exchange Humanitarian Action Central Emergency Response Fund Other OCHA Services Financial Tracking Service Humanitarian Data Exchange Humanitarian ID ReliefWeb Response Inter-Agency Standing Committee OCHA website ReliefWeb Virtual OSOCC See all