BetterExplained – Math lessons that click Learn Right, Not Rote Menu Articles Cheatsheet Colorized Topics Calculus FeedbackContactAboutNewsletter Learn to understand math, not memorize it. Enjoy clear, intuitive lessons about imaginary numbers, exponents, and more. 450k Monthly Readers Join the newsletter and we'll turn Huh? to Aha! Math, Better Explained Amazon bestseller covering math essentials. Click to buy the ebook Calculus Course Calculus essentials in minutes. Click to read free online Latest Articles How to Learn Trig Derivatives August 3, 2022 Intuitive Guide to Hyperbolic Functions April 26, 2021 Intuitive Guide to Convolution November 23, 2020 Integral of Sin(x): Geometric Intuition November 19, 2019 Pythagorean Theorem As Sweeping Area June 19, 2019 Intuition for the Quadratic Formula May 1, 2019 Math lessons that click Why Is Better Explained Different? Most lessons offer low-level details in a linear, seemingly logical sequence. Better Explained focuses on the big picture — the Aha! moment — and then the specifics. Here’s the difference: I know which approach keeps my curiosity and enthusiasm. The learning strategy is the ADEPT Method: Learning isn’t about memorizing facts to pass a test. It’s about unlocking the joy of discovery when an idea finally makes sense. If this approach resonates with you, welcome aboard. About Kalid Azad I enjoyed math until a poorly-taught class nearly destroyed that passion. A last-minute Aha! moment showed me math could make sense, even be enjoyable, when presented with: A friendly, curious attitude A mix of intuitive and technical understanding A focus on lasting insight I share explanations that helped, hoping they help you too. I’m thrilled that Better Explained now reaches millions every year, and has appeared in blogs for the New York Times and Scientific American. Read more… Popular Articles How To Learn Trigonometry Intuitively An Interactive Guide To The Fourier Transform An Intuitive Guide to Linear Algebra Intuitive Understanding Of Euler’s Formula Developing Your Intuition For Math Intuitive Guide to Angles, Degrees and Radians A Visual, Intuitive Guide to Imaginary Numbers Rethinking Arithmetic: A Visual Guide Surprising Uses of the Pythagorean Theorem Demystifying the Natural Logarithm (ln) An Intuitive (and Short) Explanation of Bayes’ Theorem An Intuitive Guide To Exponential Functions & e Intuitive Learning ADEPT method Learning starts with an analogy. Why Learn Math? Vocabulary for thinking Math Intuition Start with the cat, not its DNA Bow & Arrow Intuition First, have a good shot. Pencil, Then Ink Don't hide the process Analogies Useful, even if "wrong" Cartoons Simplify ideas to a caricature Intuition Isn't Optional The recipe for knowledge that lasts. Arithmetic & Numbers Mental Math Shortcuts A few memorable conversions Sum 1 to 100 Rearrange to simplify Visual Arithmetic Every operation is a transformation Sense of Scale Bring large numbers down to everyday terms Fencepost Problem Counting spans or points? Number Systems When the odometer ticks over Everyday Logarithms Counting digits Modular Arithmetic Variations on clocks Algebra & Counting Combinations Multiply possibilities, divide redundancies Primes Atoms within numbers The Equals Sign Set, check, or define? Factoring Equations Break down the tepee Parametric Equations Extract the true cause Types of Graphs Map (distance matters) or non-map Square Numbers Use geometry, algebra, calculus Navigate a Grid Convert decisions to letters & permute Combinations & Multiplication Choices multiply. Ratios How much oomph, how often? Quadratic Formula Rearrange a square Polynomial Intuition Decmials, interactions, function DNA Geometry Pythagorean Theorem How every shape changes Pythagorean Distance Compare any quantities Similarity Step back. Smaller shape, same ratios. Pythagorean Rescale Work from a unit triangle Precalculus & Trigonometry Radians Angles from the mover’s perspective Finding Pi Surround that critter Sine Waves The natural sway found in circles, springs The Number e Perfectly smooth growth Natural Log Time needed to grow Imaginary Numbers Numbers can rotate Complex Numbers Arithmetic goes 2d Complex Multiplication Scale & rotate Exponents Grow numbers in the expand-o-tron Think With Exponents Logs are causes, exponents are effects Trigonometry Visualize a dome, wall, and ceiling Law of Sines Every angle has an equal perspective. Law of Cosines Keep track of interacting parts. Trig Identities Draw the circles yourself. Hyperbolic Trig Mini exponentials and logarithms Statistics Statistics See footprints, guess the animal Averages "Typical" depends on the relationship Birthday Paradox 23 people, many possibilities Bayes Theorem Extra info? Adjust the odds. Short Bayes’ Theorem Adjust for false positives Monty Hall Original door vs. best of the other two Calculus Course Calculus Guide Learn the basics, fast. Lesson 1 1-Minute Summary Lesson 2 X-Ray Vision Lesson 3 3D intuition Lesson 4 Integrals, Derivatives Lesson 5 Computer Notation Lesson 6 Improved Algebra Lesson 7 Linear Changes Lesson 8 Squared Changes Lesson 9 Infinity Lesson 10 Derivatives Lesson 11 Fundamental Theorem of Calculus Lesson 12 Rules: Add, Multiply, Invert Lesson 13 Patterns In the Rules Lesson 14 Rules: Powers, Division Lesson 15 Archimedes' Formulas Calculus Summary The big insights. All together now. Calculus (Articles) 1 Minute Calculus Analyze patterns with x-ray and time-lapse vision 0.999… = 1? What's your number system? Limits Guess what happened when you blinked Limits / Infinitesimals Make a model perfect Integration Piece-by-piece multiplication Derivative Intro Measurements depend on the instrument Derivatives II Imagine linked machines Derivatives III Quotient, exponents, logs Calculus Bank Account Raises change income, changing the balance Integral of sin Whoa: the horizontal change Taylor Series DNA of a function Vector Calculus Circulation & Curl Total twist, twist at a point The Gradient Microwave the doughboy, quick Gradient Details Follow the best tradeoff Flux Amount of bananas crossing a surface Divergence Flux per unit volume Dot Product Mario Kart speed boost Cross Product All the uneven parts Engineering / University Math Linear Algebra Math with mini-spreadsheets Euler’s Formula Imaginary exponents make circles Fourier Transform Patterns have circular ingredients Convolution Fancy, programmable multiplication Programming Tools Version Control Track files over time Distributed VCS Pass around changes Git Insights #1: There's a staging area GDB Debugging A quickstart guide Web Development Faster Javascript Minify, compress, move to end HTTP Caching Don't redownload until expired Gzip Compression Zip files before sending Starting Ruby on RailsGet past the gotchas Understanding MVC Fat models, thin controller, thin view Javascript Reference 1-page summary Load XML/JSON Treat a script as data XSRF Attacks Attacker spoofs a legit request Debugging with Firefox Use firebug Making Bookmarklets A quick javascript snippet Low-level Programming GUIDs You'll never run out. Ever. Binary Files Space efficiency vs. marshalling Byte Order Computers speak different languages Unicode Not every char is 2 bytes XOR Swap Cleverness, not for real life Fast 1/sqrt(x) Newton's method, magic initializer Symbol Tables Deobfuscate object code Networking Telnet is an IM conversation Business Rule of 72 time = 72/interest Pareto Principle Sometimes 80% is enough Stock Market A transparent store Accounting Basics Everything is owned by someone Interest Rates A formula for every type of interest Debt & Leverage Invested debt multiplies return Assorted Musings Know Thyself If you're Hulk, be Hulk. Simplicity vs. Complexity Complexity, not power, is the enemy. Notes on Happiness Passion, foolishness, dancing Brevity is Beautiful Zero guilt. “If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” —Einstein (more...) Privacy · CC-BY-NC-SA · RSS · YouTube · Twitter