Goodreads | Meet your next favorite book Discover & read more Continue with Amazon Continue with Apple Sign up with email By creating an account, you agree to the Goodreads Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Already a member? Sign In Deciding what to read next? You’re in the right place. Tell us what titles or genres you’ve enjoyed in the past, and we’ll give you surprisingly insightful recommendations. What are your friends reading? Chances are your friends are discussing their favorite (and least favorite) books on Goodreads. What will you discover? Because Brian liked… He discovered: Contemporary, Classics Because Deborah liked… She discovered: Zombies, Post Apocalyptic, Dystopia, Urban Fantasy Search and browse books Art Biography Business Children's Christian Classics Comics Cookbooks Ebooks Fantasy Fiction Graphic Novels Historical Fiction History Horror Memoir Music Mystery Nonfiction Poetry Psychology Romance Science Science Fiction Self Help Sports Thriller Travel Young Adult More genres Quotes “Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde “I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.” ― Marilyn Monroe “So many books, so little time.” ― Frank Zappa “Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” ― Albert Einstein “A room without books is like a body without a soul.” ― Marcus Tullius Cicero “Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.” ― Bernard M. Baruch “You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.” ― William W. Purkey “You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” ― Dr. Seuss “You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” ― Mae West “Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” ― Mahatma Gandhi “In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.” ― Robert Frost “If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire “Don’t walk in front of me… I may not followDon’t walk behind me… I may not leadWalk beside me… just be my friend” ― Albert Camus “If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.” ― Mark Twain “Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .” ― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves “I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” ― Maya Angelou “A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.” ― Elbert Hubbard “To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.” ― Oscar Wilde “Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.” ― Oscar Wilde “Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” ― Martin Luther King Jr., A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches Best quotes Love quotes Inspirational quotes Funny quotes Motivational quotes Life quotes Friends quotes Positive quotes More quotes Goodreads Choice Awards: The Best Books 2023 Best Books 2023 Best Fiction Best Historical Fiction Best Mystery & Thriller Best Romance Best Romantasy Best Fantasy Best Science Fiction Best Horror Best Young Adult Fantasy & Science Fiction Best Young Adult Fiction Best Debut Novel Best Nonfiction Best Memoir & Autobiography Best History & Biography Best Humor News & InterviewsSweeping Historical Novel Takes Readers to the Building of the Panama Canal19 likes · 5 comments Love lists? Best Books of the 20th Century 7,805 books | 50,920 voters Best for Book Clubs 12,177 books | 15,847 voters Best Crime & Mystery Books 7,039 books | 15,562 voters More book lists Are you an author or a publisher? Gain access to a massive audience of book lovers. Goodreads is a great place to promote your books. Author program Advertise Company About us Careers Terms Privacy Interest Based Ads Ad Preferences Help Work with us Authors Advertise Authors & ads blog API Connect © 2024 Goodreads, Inc. Mobile version Welcome back. Just a moment while we sign you in to your Goodreads account.