Harness the sun to make, use, save, and sell your own power. | Enphase Skip to main content Next Cancel Homeowners Business owners Installers Store Support Get started Home Energy System Find an EV charger Find an installer ESG Enphase Energy Launches New IQ8 Commercial Microinverters in North America Learn more It’s a new day for solar power Make, use, save, and sell your own power. Learn more Watch video IQ8 Commercial Microinverters The ease and reliability of Enphase, at scale. Learn more Watch video Unlock California’s NEM 3.0 With the power of an Enphase Energy System. Learn more U.S. manufacturing Now in South Carolina and Texas. Learn more Watch video IQ Battery 5P Our most powerful battery yet. For homeowners For installers The revolutionary IQ8 Series On or off the grid, our smartest microinverter ever. Learn more Plug in to the power of the sun See our next-generation EV chargers. For homeowners For business owners Live on sunshine Control Home Connect appliances from the Enphase App. Learn more Enphase in the real world Our customers’ stories. See the stories Energy 101 Your frequently asked questions, answered. Learn more Enphase Installer Center All the information you need in one place. Learn more Questions? Contact us. We’ll help you build your system, today. Get Enphase Services and Frequently bought products Services for your product. Loading Installation at-home consultation Need help with installation? Start by booking an At-home Consultation with an independent installation professional to receive a quote for your custom installation. Confirm your installation zip code: Please confirm your installation zip code Confirm Great news: Enphase’s at-home EV charger installation services are available in your area. Unfortunately, Enphase's at-home EV charger installation services are not yet available in your area. You can click here to browse electricians with EV charger expertise. Installation at-home consultation successfully added to cart Are you shipping to your installation address? Yes No Enter your installation address: I have read Enphase's Privacy policy and I have read and agree to Enphase's terms and conditions. I understand that this service is fulfilled by an independent professional utilizing the Enphase O&M Marketplace’s 365 Pronto platform. I confirm that I have reviewed and accept the 365 Pronto Customer Platform Services Agreement. The zip code entered above does not match the entered address. Price : $ ? Add The At-home Consultation helps determine the full cost to install your new EV charger. The $150 fee is subtracted from your final installation price if you choose to accept the quote. After check out, Enphase will send you an email from its 365 Pronto Platform describing next steps. Know more What is included in this price? The At-home Consultation includes a report detailing your EV readiness, and a custom, no-obligation quote for your EV charger installation. This $150 fee is subtracted from your final installation price if you choose to accept the quote. What are the next steps? After you check out, Enphase will send you a confirmation email from the 365 Pronto Platform, and your installation professional will directly contact you to schedule a time for your At-home Consultation. What is the 365 Pronto Platform? Enphase's 365 Pronto Platform is software that dispatches independent professionals to perform renewable energy services, including EV charger installations. How will I be charged for these services? The charge for your At-home Consultation will be processed through Enphase's Store. If you choose to accept your installation quote, you will pay for the installation separately via the 365 Pronto Platform. Show less Loading Frequently bought together Loading Store sign in Cart Store sign in App sign in Please enter your Enphase App credentials. Email Password Your session expired. Please login again to continue to purchase. Sign In Not a member yet? Sign up Forgot your password? English (US) Homeowners Enphase Energy System Critical updates Enphase App Microinverters Batteries EV chargers Connected appliances Find an installer Design my system Energy 101 Blog Installer network Upgrade my system Enphase App login Business owners Solar for business Case studies EV chargers Get Enphase Installers Critical updates System builder Microinverters Storage Communication Accessories EV chargers Commercial Documentation Training Apps Grid Services Platform Resources NEM 3.0 O&M Marketplace Leads Program How to buy Enphase API Support System owners Solar installers Enphase Community Training events Warranty and labor Contact support Company About us Manufacturing ESG Press releases Patents Leadership Investors Careers Blog Cybersecurity Back to top English (US) Back to top Copyright © 2024 Enphase Energy. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Accessibility Statement Settings / Do not sell or share my personal information