MSF - Médecins Sans Frontières | Medical humanitarian organisation Skip to main content Menu en ع Work With MSF MSF websites English العربية X About us What We Do Where we work Resources Latest Donate Donate Back to main menu About us Who We Are Learn about our mission, our charter and principles, and who we are. Learn more How we work See what triggers an intervention and how supply and logistics allow our teams to respond quickly. Learn more How we work How we're run Discover our governance and what it means to be an association. Find a quick visual guide to our offices around the world. Learn more How we're run Reports and financials Read through our annual financial and activity reports, and find out about where our funds come from and how they are spent. Learn more Reports and financials Contact us Visit this section to get in touch with our offices around the world. Learn more Contact us What we do Médecins Sans Frontières brings medical humanitarian assistance to victims of conflict, natural disasters, epidemics or healthcare exclusion. View all topics Activities by country Featured Gaza Israel war War in Ukraine Women's health Medical Activities Learn about how, why, and where MSF teams respond to different diseases around the world, and the challenges we face in providing treatment. Learn more Crisis Settings Learn about the different contexts and situations in which MSF teams respond to provide care, including war and natural disaster settings, and how and why we adapt our activities to each. Learn more In Focus Learn about our response and our work in depth on specific themes and events. Learn more Where we work In more than 70 countries, Médecins Sans Frontières provides medical humanitarian assistance to save lives and ease the suffering of people in crisis situations. View all countries Featured Ukraine Lebanon Bangladesh Africa Africa South Sudan, Burkina Faso, Kenya + 35 More Asia & Pacific Asia & Pacific Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Bangladesh, Papua New Guinea + 20 More Middle East & North Africa Middle East & North Africa Iraq, Palestine, Morocco + 10 More Europe & Central Asia Europe & Central Asia Azerbaijan, France, Kyrgyzstan + 34 More The Americas The Americas Peru, Brazil, Haiti + 14 More MSF Websites A Global Network Our offices around the world Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Canada China Colombia Czech Republic Denmark Eastern Africa Finland France Germany Greece Holland Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Lebanon Luxembourg Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Norway Pakistan Philippines Poland Russian Federation Southern Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey UAE UK Uruguay USA Our offices around the world Other Sites View Resource Centre MSF Association Our staff “own” and manage MSF, making sure that we stay true to our mission and principles, through the MSF Associations. GO TO SITE MSF Association Access Campaign We set up the MSF Access Campaign in 1999 to push for access to, and the development of, life-saving and life-prolonging medicines, diagnostic tests and vaccines for people in our programmes and beyond. GO TO SITE Access Campaign Staff blogs Read stories from our staff as they carry out their work around the world. GO TO SITE Staff blogs Patient blogs Hear directly from the inspirational people we help as they talk about their experiences dealing with often neglected, life-threatening diseases. GO TO SITE Patient blogs CRASH Based in Paris, CRASH conducts and directs studies and analysis of MSF actions. They participate in internal training sessions and assessment missions in the field. GO TO SITE CRASH UREPH Based in Geneva, UREPH (or Research Unit) aims to improve the way MSF projects are implemented in the field and to participate in critical thinking on humanitarian and medical action. GO TO SITE UREPH ARHP Based in Barcelona, ARHP documents and reflects on the operational challenges and dilemmas faced by the MSF field teams. GO TO SITE ARHP MSF Analysis Based in Brussels, MSF Analysis intends to stimulate reflection and debate on humanitarian topics organised around the themes of migration, refugees, aid access, health policy and the environment in which aid operates. GO TO SITE MSF Analysis MSF Supply This logistical and supply centre in Brussels provides storage of and delivers medical equipment, logistics and drugs for international purchases for MSF missions. GO TO SITE MSF Supply MSF Logistique This supply and logistics centre in Bordeaux, France, provides warehousing and delivery of medical equipment, logistics and drugs for international purchases for MSF missions. GO TO SITE MSF Logistique Amsterdam Procurement Unit This logistical centre in Amsterdam purchases, tests, and stores equipment including vehicles, communications material, power supplies, water-processing facilities and nutritional supplements. GO TO SITE Amsterdam Procurement Unit Southern Africa Medical Unit SAMU provides strategic, clinical and implementation support to various MSF projects with medical activities related to HIV and TB. This medical unit is based in Cape Town, South Africa. GO TO SITE Southern Africa Medical Unit Kenya Supply Unit Regional logistic centre for the whole East Africa region GO TO SITE Kenya Supply Unit Brazilian Medical Unit BRAMU specialises in neglected tropical diseases, such as dengue and Chagas, and other infectious diseases. This medical unit is based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. GO TO SITE Brazilian Medical Unit MSF Medical Guidelines Our medical guidelines are based on scientific data collected from MSF’s experiences, the World Health Organization (WHO), other renowned international medical institutions, and medical and scientific journals. GO TO SITE MSF Medical Guidelines MSF Field Research Find important research based on our field experience on our dedicated Field Research website. GO TO SITE MSF Field Research Manson Unit The Manson Unit is a London, UK-based team of medical specialists who provide medical and technical support, and conduct research for MSF. GO TO SITE Manson Unit Epicentre Providing epidemiological expertise to underpin our operations, conducting research and training to support our goal of providing medical aid in areas where people are affected by conflict, epidemics, disasters, or excluded from health care. GO TO SITE Epicentre Evaluation Units Evaluation Units have been established in Vienna, Stockholm, and Paris, assessing the potential and limitations of medical humanitarian action, thereby enhancing the effectiveness of our medical humanitarian work. GO TO SITE Evaluation Units LGBTQI+ Inclusion in Health Settings MSF works with LGBTQI+ populations in many settings over the last 25-30 years. LGBTQI+ people face healthcare disparities with limited access to care and higher disease rates than the general population. GO TO SITE LGBTQI+ Inclusion in Health Settings LUXOR The Luxembourg Operational Research (LuxOR) unit coordinates field research projects and operational research training, and provides support for documentation activities and routine data collection. GO TO SITE LUXOR Intersectional Benchmarking Unit The Intersectional Benchmarking Unit collects and analyses data about local labour markets in all locations where MSF employs people. GO TO SITE Intersectional Benchmarking Unit MSF Academy for Healthcare To upskill and provide training to locally-hired MSF staff in several countries, MSF has created the MSF Academy for Healthcare. GO TO SITE MSF Academy for Healthcare Humanitarian Law This Guide explains the terms, concepts, and rules of humanitarian law in accessible and reader-friendly alphabetical entries. GO TO SITE Humanitarian Law MSF Paediatric Days The MSF Paediatric Days is an event for paediatric field staff, policy makers and academia to exchange ideas, align efforts, inspire and share frontline research to advance urgent paediatric issues of direct concern for the humanitarian field. GO TO SITE MSF Paediatric Days MSF Foundation The MSF Foundation aims to create a fertile arena for logistics and medical knowledge-sharing to meet the needs of MSF and the humanitarian sector as a whole. GO TO SITE MSF Foundation DNDi A collaborative, patients’ needs-driven, non-profit drug research and development organisation that is developing new treatments for neglected diseases, founded in 2003 by seven organisations from around the world. GO TO SITE DNDi View Resource Centre Mozambique Violence continues to displace and traumatise thousands in Cabo Delgado Atija (right) was displaced in Macomia after she witnessed her house being burnt down and lost everything she had. Cabo Delgado, Mozambique, February 2024. © MSF/Martim Gray Pereira Project Update 4 Mar 2024 The violence in Cabo Delgado, Mozambique, continues to displace thousands of people who are in urgent need of food, shelter and healthcare. Read more War in Gaza:: find out how we're responding War in Gaza: find out how we're responding Learn more Share This X Copy link Link copied Share An international, independent medical humanitarian organisation We provide medical assistance to people affected by conflict, epidemics, disasters, or exclusion from healthcare. Our teams are made up of tens of thousands of health professionals, logistic and administrative staff - most of them hired locally. Our actions are guided by medical ethics and the principles of impartiality, independence and neutrality. Learn more 16.3M 16.3M outpatient consultations 4.1M 4.1M VACCINATIONS AGAINST MEASLES IN RESPONSE TO AN OUTBREAK 1.2M 1.2M patients admitted 75 75 countries International Activity Report 2022 Read report Featured Gaza-Israel war People killed in Gaza City while waiting for food aid 29 Feb 2024 Central American Migration Lack of action sees sharp rise in sexual violence on people transiting Darien Gap Press Release 29 Feb 2024 Zambia MSF responds to a surge in cholera in Zambia amid regional outbreaks Project Update 28 Feb 2024 Belarus Two years of response to the acute humanitarian crisis at EU’s eastern borders Project Update 28 Feb 2024 grey-map Where we work In more than 75 countries, Médecins Sans Frontières provides medical humanitarian assistance to save lives and ease the suffering of people in crisis situations. View All Countries List View Map View The place names and boundaries in this map do not reflect any position by MSF on their legal status. Our Programmes Back to our programmes ... The place names and boundaries in this map do not reflect any position by MSF on their legal status. Latest Mozambique Violence continues to displace and traumatise thousands in Cabo Delgado 4 Mar 2024 Gaza-Israel war People killed in Gaza City while waiting for food aid 29 Feb 2024 Central American Migration Lack of action sees sharp rise in sexual violence on people transiting Darien Gap 29 Feb 2024 Zambia MSF responds to a surge in cholera in Zambia amid regional outbreaks 28 Feb 2024 Belarus Two years of response to the acute humanitarian crisis at EU’s eastern borders 28 Feb 2024 Gaza-Israel war Attacks on humanitarian workers in Gaza make vital assistance nearly impossible 27 Feb 2024 Cholera Responding to cholera is a multipronged approach 23 Feb 2024 Democratic Republic of Congo Surgical care addresses needs of people amid resurgent violence in Ituri province 23 Feb 2024 Gaza-Israel war MSF briefing on Gaza to UN Security Council 22 Feb 2024 Ukraine Rebuilding lives damaged by the relentless war in Ukraine 22 Feb 2024 View more In focus In Focus Gaza-Israel war Learn how MSF teams are responding to the Hamas-Israel war in Gaza, Palestine In Focus Attacks on medical care Attacks against medical facilities and health workers, whether deliberate or indiscriminate, are part of generalised violence and atrocities committed against civilians in armed conflict. They deprive populations of health services, often when they need them the most. In Focus Conflict in Sudan Find out the latest information on our response to the conflict in Sudan In Focus Mediterranean migration Every year, thousands of people fleeing war, persecution and poverty at home attempt the treacherous journey across the Mediterranean. Countless lives are lost on the way. In Focus Central American Migration An estimated 500,000 people a year flee violence and poverty in El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, heading north through Mexico to find safety. The levels of violence in the region are comparable to that of war zones MSF has worked in for decades. In Focus Rohingya refugee crisis Legally stateless, with very limited options or rights in any country where they have sought refuge, the Rohingya are extremely vulnerable. view more video Welcome to Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders Working with MSF What's it like to work with MSF? We rely on a strong network of professionals to deliver life-saving medical aid. Each year, thousands of international and locally-hired staff work together around the globe to provide lifesaving medical assistance to people who would otherwise be denied access to healthcare. Learn more How your donations are used Your donations pay for millions of consultations, surgeries, treatments and vaccinations every year. Find out more 80% 8% Social mission 15% 15% Fundraising 5% 5% Management & general admin Explore What we doMedical activitiesCrisis settingsIn focusWhere we workNewsResource centreInternational Activity Report About MSF Who we areHow we're runHow we workContact us Get involved Work with MSFDonate Privacy policy X © Médecins Sans Frontières 140, Route de Ferney, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland Federal identification number: UID CH-660.1.555.004-1 Back Search View all results