Wise Bread | Personal Finance and Frugal Living Forums Advertiser Disclosure ▾ Disclaimer: This site contains affiliate links from which we receive a compensation (like Amazon for example). But they do not affect the opinions and recommendations of the authors.Wise Bread is an independent, award-winning consumer publication established in 2006. Our finance columns have been reprinted on MSN, Yahoo Finance, US News, Business Insider, Money Magazine, and Time Magazine.Like many news outlets our publication is supported by ad revenue from companies whose products appear on our site. This revenue may affect the location and order in which products appear. But revenue considerations do not impact the objectivity of our content. While our team has dedicated thousands of hours to research, we aren't able to cover every product in the marketplace.For example, Wise Bread partnerships have included brands such as American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citi, Discover, Wells Fargo and Amazon.Click here for more info >> About Contact Advertise NEW! Enhanced options to earn 3% cash back with Bank of America® Customized Cash Rewards Card Credit Cards Personal Finance Frugal Living Career Life Hacks Best Deals Top PF Blogs Credit CardsSecured Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Groceries Credit Cards Restaurant Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Small Business Credit Cards Personal FinanceBanking Cars and Transportation Credit Cards Debt Management Financial News Insurance Investment Real Estate and Housing Retirement Taxes More in Personal Finance Frugal LivingBudgeting DIY Entertainment Food and Drink Green Living Health and Beauty Home Lifestyle Shopping Style Travel More in Frugal Living CareerCareer Building Education & Training Entrepreneurship Extra Income Job Hunting More in Career & Income Life HacksConsumer Affairs Family General Tips Organization Personal Development Productivity Technology More in Life Hacks In The Press MoreContact Us 6 Negotiation Tips for Introverts Negotiating comes easily for some, but not all. If you're an introvert struggling to haggle, these tips will help you get what you want. full story 5 Common Budget Mistakes You Can Fix Right Now We all make mistakes. These budget blunders are easy to correct with a few simple adjustments. full story 6 Confidence-Inspiring Facts About the Stock Market Even after a tough couple of weeks, the market is still way, way up from its Great Recession lows. There, feel better? full story Hot This Week 19 Ways to Drastically Cut Your Gas Bill 4 Ways to Protect Your Retirement From Inflation Latest articles Save Big on Gas and EV Charging Stations With the Right Credit Card Here’s a card that offers 3% cash back on gas and EV charging station purchases, plus a $200 online cash rewards bonus offer. Why Online Shoppers Will Love This Credit Card This card offers 3% cash back on online shopping — newly expanded to include cable, streaming services, internet, and phone plan purchases. A Credit Card that Let's You Pick Your Own Rewards New! Enhanced options to earn 3% cash back based on Bank of America customer feedback. Maximize your rewards with 3% cash back in the category of your choice — with newly-expanded options. Highlights of the Week Decipher Credit Card Offers With the Schumer Box How to Choose a Credit Card 9 Ways to Tell If a Stock is Worth Buying Top 5 Ways Thieves Use Your Stolen Credit Card More latest articles How to Dispute Mistakes On Your Credit Report Notice something amiss on your credit report? Don't fret. This is how you can dispute any mistakes. The 8 Most Eye-Opening Money Attractions in the U.S. Make your next vacation money-themed, and check out these eight amazing attractions across the U.S. Someone Took Out a Loan in Your Name. Now What? A fraudulent loan can have dire consequences for your personal finances. Here's how you can fix the problem, stat. 5 Things to Know Before Adding Someone to the Deed Before you add someone to the deed on your home, you should be aware of these five things. 5 Ways Gig Economy Workers Can Save for Retirement Even if your full-time job consists of several gig economy jobs, you can successfully save for retirement — here's how. 5 Renovations That Don't Increase Your Resale Value Before you get started on a new home renovation, make sure you know if it'll increase your resale value. How to Protect Yourself From Credit Card Theft Don't let a scammer get a hold of your credit card number. Here's how to keep your account secure. More latest articles 16 Small Steps You Can Take Now to Improve Your Finances Believe it or not, you can improve your finances in a big way by making several small money moves. How to Stay Calm During a Market Fluctuation If you're tempted to bail on investments when you hear scary financial predictions, it's important you learn how to keep your cool. The Pros and Cons of Refinancing an Auto Loan Before you refinance your auto loan, here's what you need to know. How to Make Better Financial Decisions Focusing all your efforts into reaching one financial goal is a fairly straightforward process. But what about when you have more than one financial goal? This guide will help. 5 Things Keeping You From a Life of Financial Independence These are common obstacles that could be standing between you and sweet financial freedom. Should You Use a Personal Loan or a Home Equity Loan to Remodel Your Home? Looking to remodel your home? Here's how to decide between a personal loan and a home equity loan to pay for it. How the Sandwich Generation Can Protect Their Retirement Being part of the sandwich generation isn't easy, and it can take a real toll on your retirement fund. Here's how to protect it. How a Credit Card Can Actually Help You Get Out of Debt Is paying off debt with a credit card ever a good idea? In some cases, yes. 9 Smart Home-Buying Tips From Real Estate Experts If you're in the market for a new home, use these smart home-buying tips from real estate experts to guide you. 5 Money Moves to Make Before You Turn 40 Before you hit the big 4-0, make sure you've made these money moves. More latest articles See more articles from Wise Bread Advertiser Disclosure ▾ Disclaimer: This site contains affiliate links from which we receive a compensation (like Amazon for example). But they do not affect the opinions and recommendations of the authors.Wise Bread is an independent, award-winning consumer publication established in 2006. Our finance columns have been reprinted on MSN, Yahoo Finance, US News, Business Insider, Money Magazine, and Time Magazine.Like many news outlets our publication is supported by ad revenue from companies whose products appear on our site. This revenue may affect the location and order in which products appear. But revenue considerations do not impact the objectivity of our content. While our team has dedicated thousands of hours to research, we aren't able to cover every product in the marketplace.For example, Wise Bread partnerships have included brands such as American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citi, Discover, Wells Fargo and Amazon.Click here for more info >> Facebook Become a fan Twitter Follow us RSS Subscribe Enter your email address to subscribe: Most Popular Maximize Cash Back: Choose How You Earn Rewards 5 Common Budget Mistakes You Can Fix Right Now The Secret to Successful Investing Is Trusting the Process 6 Negotiation Tips for Introverts Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the credit card offers that appear on the website are from credit card companies from which Wise Bread receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). This site does not include all credit card companies or all available credit card offers. Please view our advertiser disclosure page for more information. © 2024 Wise Bread | About | Advertise | Contact | Subscribe User Agreement | Privacy Policy