Comprehensive Cancer Information - NCI Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Español Menu Search Search About Cancer Cancer Types Research Grants & Training News & Events About NCI Improving the lives of all people through cancer research For People Affected by Cancer NCI is the nation’s trusted source for cancer information. We are here for you with information about causes and risk factors, symptoms, how cancer is diagnosed, and treatment options. Find a Cancer Type Treatment Side Effects Causes & Prevention Diagnosis & Staging Find a Clinical Trial For Researchers Support for the best science underpins everything NCI does. Explore our resources to help researchers conduct their work and apply for funding and training opportunities. Funding Opportunities Resources for Researchers Apply for a Grant Training at NCI Find a Research Contact Key NCI Initiatives Featured News and Research NCI Launches Virtual Clinical Trials Office Remote support staff will include research nurses, clinical research associates, and clinical data specialists. Blood Test May Help Guide Colorectal Cancer Treatment Measuring tumor DNA in the blood may help guide who should get chemotherapy after surgery. New Approaches Aim to Improve Cancer Liquid Biopsies Using “priming agents,” researchers boosted the amount of tumor DNA fragments in blood. Are You Ready to Contribute to Progress against Cancer? Everyone has a role to play in the fight against cancer. Learn more and get involved. Learn More NCI Fiscal Year 2025 Professional Judgment Budget Proposal Each year, NCI prepares a professional judgment budget to lead progress against cancer. Learn More Get Answers Connect with a cancer information specialist at 1-800-4-CANCER, through live chat, or by email. Get Started Meet the NCI Director Live: February 22, 2024 Our Organization Senior Leaders Information about NCI Director Dr. W. Kimryn Rathmell and other senior NCI leaders. NCI Divisions, Offices, and Centers NCI has 30 divisions, offices, and centers who work together to build, maintain, and enhance a cohesive and comprehensive cancer research agenda. Advisory Boards and Review Groups NCI relies on advisory committees to provide advice on the National Cancer Program, NCI scientific priorities, and more. Back To Top About About This Website en Español Reuse & Copyright Social Media Resources Contact Us Publications Dictionary of Cancer Terms Find a Clinical Trial Policies Accessibility FOIA Privacy & Security Disclaimers Vulnerability Disclosure Sign up for email updates Enter your email address Sign up National Cancer Institute at the National Institutes of Health Contact Us Live Chat 1-800-4-CANCER NCIinfo@nih.gov Site Feedback Follow us Facebook Follow on X Instagram Youtube Linkedin U.S. Department of Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health National Cancer Institute USA.gov