SKEPTIC ⚠ You have javascript turned off. This site requires it to function properly. Please turn it on in your browser preferences. The Skeptics Society & Skeptic magazine Search Menu SKEPTIC: Reality-based. Really. Samuel Wilkinson — What Evolution and Human Nature Imply About the Meaning of Our Existence Shermer and Wilkinson discuss: • evolution: random chance or guided process? • selfishness and altruism • aggression and cooperation • inner demons and better angels • love and lust • free will and determinism • the good life and the good society • empirical truths, mythic truths, religious truths, pragmatic truths • Is there a cosmic courthouse where evil will be corrected in the next life? • theodicy and the problem of evil: Why do bad things happen to good… Byron Reese — How Humanity Functions as a Single Superorganism Shermer and Reese discuss: • organisms and superorganisms • origins of life • the self • emergence • consciousness • Is the Internet a superorganism? • Will AI create a superorganism? • Could AI become sentient or conscious? • the hard problem of consciousness • cities as superorganisms • planetary superorganisms • Are we living in a simulation? • Why are we here? Tali Sharot – The Power of Noticing What Was Always There Shermer and Sharot discuss: the best day of her life • the evolutionary origins of habituation • habituation at work, at home, and in the bedroom • Why don’t we habituate to extreme pain? • marriage, romance, monogamy, infidelity • depression • depression, happiness, and variety • negativity nias • creativity and habituation disruption • lying and misinformation • illusory truth effect • truth bias • moral progress • preference falsification • pluralistic ignorance. Ernest Scheyder — The Global Battle to Power Our Lives Shermer and Scheyder discuss: rare earth metals • lithium, copper, • aluminum and other precious metals • how much rare earth metals will we need by 2050, 2100, and beyond • combatting climate change • electric vehicles • recycling electronic waste • how lithium-ion batteries work • Can renewables completely replace fossil fuels without nuclear? • how mining works in the U.S., China, Chile, Russia, elsewhere • public vs. private ownership of mines • Native American land rights. Paul Offit — Deciphering Covid Myths and Navigating Our Post-Pandemic World Shermer and Offit discuss: mRNA vaccines • science gone wrong or part of the long and risky history of medical innovation? • loss of trust in medical and scientific institutions • overall assessment of what went right and wrong • mandates vs. recommendations • economic costs • lab leak hypothesis vs. zoonomic hypothesis • debating anti-vaxxers • treatments • high risk vs. low risk groups • Robert Malone,Joe Rogan, RFKJ, Peter Hotez, Del Bigtree • Stanford professor Jay Bhattacharya censored for signing the… Rob Henderson — Foster Care, Family, and Social Class Shermer and Henderson discuss: hindsight bias • genes, environment, luck, contingency • foster care • incarceration rates • marriage, divorce, childhood outcomes • poverty, welfare programs, and social safety nets • the young male syndrome • alcohol, drugs, depression • luxury beliefs of educated elites • wealthy but unstable homes vs. low-income but stable homes • inequality • Henderon’s experience in the military, at Yale and Cambridge • the Warrior-Scholar Project. Sandro Galea — How US Public Health Has Strayed From Its Liberal Roots The Covid-19 response was a crucible of politics and public health—a volatile combination that produced predictably bad results. As scientific expertise became entangled with political motivations, the public-health establishment found itself mired in political encampment. It was, as Sandro Galea argues, a crisis of liberalism: a retreat from the principles of free speech, open debate, and the pursuit of knowledge through reasoned inquiry that should inform the work of public health. Ronald Lindsay on How the Left’s Dogmas on Race and Equity Harm Liberal Democracy and Invigorate Christian Nationalism Shermer and Lindsay discuss: identity politics: identity or politics? • woke ideology • overt racism vs. systemic racism • liberalism vs. illiberalism • woke progressive leftists motivations? • Critical Race Theory (CRT) • Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) • What is progressive? What is woke? • standpoint epistemology • equality vs. equity • race • class • cancel culture • Christian nationalism. Sex, Mental Health, and the Culture Wars What happens when sex is more about identity than pleasure, intimacy, or interaction? And what happens when culture warriors gang up on sexuality—and from several directions? And has this affected our mental health? After over 40 years and 40,000 sessions with individuals and couples as a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist and Certified Sex Therapist, […] Legalization of Marijuana and Violent Crime in the Nicest Place in America In 2019, Alex Berenson of the New York Times published Tell Your Children: The Truth About Marijuana, Mental Illness, and Violence. In it, Berenson warned that paranoia, one of the established side effects of marijuana consumption, is likely to trigger violence in those suffering from psychosis. The book was predictably lauded by those pundits who saw it as a revelatory argument against legalization… Who Should You Trust? Why Appeals to Scientific Consensus Are Often Uncompelling Consumers of scientific information should be skeptical of an apparent scientific consensus. Consider: How politicized is this topic? What are the career incentives for the scientists? How easy would it be for scientists to selectively report only the favorable results? Would a study have been published if it had found the opposite result or a null result? The answers to these questions will not definitively tell us whether the scientific consensus is right or wrong, but they should help us… Autism’s Cult of Redemption: My Adventure Searching for Help for My Son’s Autism Diagnosis in the World of Alternative Medicine & Anti-Vaxxers A pediatric neurologist at Boston Children’s Hospital diagnosed my son, Misha, with autism spectrum disorder at age three. At Massachusetts General Hospital, another pediatric neurologist answered my call for a second opinion only to rebuff my hope for a different one. “I did not find him to be very receptive to testing,” the expert sighed. […] The Moral Arc: How Thinking Like a Scientist Makes the World More Moral In this, the final lecture of his Chapman University Skepticism 101 course, Dr. Michael Shermer pulls back to take a bigger picture look at what science and reason have done for humanity in the realm of moral progress. Watch The Moral Arc: How Thinking Like a Scientist Makes the World More Moral. What is Truth, Anyway? In this lecture Dr. Michael Shermer addresses one of the deepest questions of all: what is truth? How do we know what is true, untrue, or uncertain? Is Freedom of Speech Harmful for College Students? In this lecture, Dr. Michael Shermer addresses the growing crisis of free speech in college and culture at large, triggered as it was by the title lecture, which he was tasked to deliver to students at California State University, Fullerton, after a campus paroxysm erupted over Taco Tuesday. What are Science & Skepticism? In this lecture, Dr. Michael Shermer presents descriptions of skepticism and science and how they work, along with a discussion of the difference between science and pseudoscience, and some very practical applications of how to test claims and evaluate evidence. Evolution & Creationism, Part 2: Who says evolution never happened, why do they say it, and what do they claim? Dr. Michael Shermer continues the discussion of evolution and creationism, focusing on the history of the creationism movement and the four stages it has gone through. Evolution & Creationism, Part 1 In this lecture on Evolution and Creationism (Part 1), Dr. Michael Shermer takes viewers to the Galápagos Islands to retrace Darwin’s footsteps and show that, in fact, Darwin did not discover natural selection when he was there in September of 1835. He worked out his theory when he returned home, and Shermer shows exactly how Darwin did that, along with the story of the theory’s co-discoverer, Alfred Russel Wallace. Holocaust Denial In this lecture on Holocaust Denial, Dr. Shermer employs the methods of science to history, showing how we can determine truth about the past. Pathways to Evil, Part 2 In his lecture on Pathways to Evil (Part 2), Dr. Michael Shermer fleshes out the themes of Part 1 by exploring how the dials controlling our inner demons and better angels can be dialed up or down depending on circumstances and conditions. Are we all good apples but occasionally bad barrels turn good apples rotten, or do we all harbor the capacity to turn bad? Pathways to Evil, Part 1 In his Skepticism 101 lecture on Pathways to Evil (Part 1), Dr. Michael Shermer considers the nature of evil in his attempt to answer the question of how you can get normal civilized, educated, and intelligent people to commit murder and even genocide. How to Think About the Bermuda Triangle Dr. Michael Shermer examines the claims about the Bermuda Triangle using the tools of skepticism, science, and rationality to reveal that there is no mystery to explain. Politics of Belief Dr. Michael Shermer explains how we arrived at the Left-Right spectrum, both historically and evolutionarily, and the numerous metaphors used to wrap our minds around such complex systems as politics and economics. Deities for Atheists, Skygods for Skeptics: UFOs & ETIs Dr. Michael Shermer distinguishes between two questions: (1) Are extraterrestrial intelligences (ETIs) out there somewhere in the cosmos? and (2) Have aliens come here? Evidence for both questions is considered in the larger context of why the issue so compels us to answer it almost religiously. Cults, Myths, and Religion Dr. Michael Shermer considers the characteristics of cults, how they differ from sects, religions, and myths, the role that myths and religions play in culture and people’s lives, and what Scientologists really believe. Cognitive Biases & How Thinking Goes Wrong Dr. Michael Shermer reviews the many ways that our attempts to understand the truth about the world are derailed by cognitive biases, including the anchoring bias, the representative bias, the availability bias, the confirmation bias, the hindsight bias, the self-serving bias, and even the bias bias. Conspiracies & Conspiracy Theories Dr. Michael Shermer explains the difference between conspiracies and conspiracy theories, who is more likely to believe which conspiracy theories, the social, political, cultural, and psychological conditions in which conspiracy theories flourish, real conspiracies, and who really killed JFK. SEP 23 – OCT 10, 2024 Voyage From Greenland to Nova Scotia Join Pulitzer-prize-winning author and professor Jared Diamond and fellow travelers next fall as we set off on an expedition to explore the Wonders of the Arctic. In a series of lectures and discussions, Jared will bring his experience and expertise to bear on much that we see and do on this epic voyage of discovery! Learn more Research Center REPORT (PADS-009) Being “Liberal” in America Ninth report in the Political Accuracy & Divisions Study Analysts have recognized for decades now that the world is becoming more liberal. It seems that the more removed people are from basic survival concerns, the more liberal their worldviews become, in the sense of being more accepting of cultural differences and more protective of civil rights. Some analysts have noted how paradoxically intolerant and dogmatic this trend has become in Western societies (i.e., the societies most removed from basic survival concerns): amongst many Western progressives, for example, all group disadvantages are assumed to always be a result of oppression, with oppression always being driven by white people (and usually men) … Thus, it would seem that at the extremes, liberalism and the human tendency towards tribalism interact to produce both a demand for equality and justice as well as … Read more Donate SKEPTIC App Whether at home or on the go, the SKEPTIC App is the easiest way to read your favorite articles. Within the app, users can purchase the current issue and back issues. Download the app today and get a 30-day free trial subscription. Email Signup Society Donate About the Society What We Do Membership Skepticism 101 Magazine Current Issue Subscribe (Print) Subscribe (Digital) Buy Print Issues Buy Digital Issues Submit an article Podcast About the Podcast Watch/Listen Apple Podcasts Spotify Amazon Music Google Podcasts Expeditions About Our Expeditions Greenland to Nova Scotia (2024) Ireland to Iceland (2024) RESEARCH Studies About Meet the Researchers Become Involved Donate Email SRC Contact 1-805-576-9396 General Inquiries Website Inquiries Orders Support Subscriptions Support Change Address Shop Shop Online Subscriptions Back Issues SKEPTIC • 3938 State St., Suite 101, Santa Barbara, CA, 93105-3114 • 1-805-576-9396 • Copyright © 1992–2023. All rights reserved • Privacy Policy Magazine Back Skeptic Magazine Back Current Issue Subscribe Back print edition digital edition Back Issues Back Browse Contents Buy Print Issues Buy Digital Issues About Back The Magazine Editorial Board Masthead Submit an Article Skeptics Society Back A Brief Introduction What We Do The Founders Back Michael Shermer Pat Linse A Skeptical Manifesto Media Appearances Contact Us Get Involved Back Become a Member Donate Skeptic Forum Podcast Back Shermer Show Back About the Podcast Watch Past Episodes On Apple Podcasts On Spotify On Amazon Music On Google Podcasts Reading Room Learn Back Newsletter Back Read eSkeptic Back Issues Back 2021–2025 2016–2020 2011–2015 2006–2010 2003–2005 Subscribe Unsubscribe Research Center Back Studies About the SRC Meet the Researchers Become Involved Donate Email SRC Expeditions Back About Our Expeditions Upcoming Expeditions Back Ireland to Iceland (2024) Greenland to Nova Scotia (2024) Past Expeditions Back Antarctica & Falklands Greece, Turkey, Cyprus Amsterdam to Lisbon archives Skepticism 101 Back About Skepticism 101 Shop