Home - Addiction101 Addiction Network Addiction101 Addiction Network Home ABOUT SERVICES CONTACT 1(800) 615-1067 Addiction Relief Is One Call Away. Call To Speak With A Caring Addiction Specialist Share With A Loved One Facebook-square Youtube Instagram Twitter Addiction101 Addiction Network Addiction101 Addiction Network is an award-winning addiction placement service. We help those recovering from alcohol & drug addiction with the tools and support they need to successfully recover from substance abuse. We specialize in dealing with Opioids, Heroin, Methanphetimines, Alcohol, Cocaine & more. We treat each patient with support and respect and provide the utmost positive environments for recovery. We have helped over 1 million americans recovery from substance abuse. Call now to connect with a local treatment center near you and receive a free detox consultation. Addiction101 Addiction Network is a Local Addiction Treatment Network. We help you find the right treatment center within your area, Including surrounding Cities in USA provide the highest standard of care. Recovery is one call away Call Now Services ALCOHOL DETOXMedically supervised treatment to manage withdrawal symptoms due to Alcohol Rehab that matches the patient's needs. ALCOHOL REHABAddiction101 for Drug use disorders using intensive therapy and counseling to identify and address the addiction's root cause. DRUG DETOXMedically supervised Alcohol Rehab for patients at risk of having severe withdrawal symptoms that might require medical intervention. ADDICTION TREATMENTAddiction101 in a distraction - free environment to give patients the best chance of being free for life from substance addiction. ADDICTION COUNSELINGOffering group therapy, One on one counseling and more REHAB FOR VETERANSMedical and rehabilitation therapies for Drug and drug dependent Vetenars including professional detoxification and psychiatric care. Got Addiction Related Questions? Our Dr Gebien Has the Answers. Find Us On Contact Us CALL NOW AND BOOK A DETOX CONSULTATION! Call for questions with Addiction101 Get Immediate treatment help! Our Addiction specialists available 24/7 Any Insurance is Accepted! Addiction treatment centers across USA Δ 1(800) 615-1067 We help you successfully recover for drug abuse. Help is one call away, make a change for the better Book A Detox Consultation 1(800) 615-1067 Available 08:00 AM - 09:00 PM *A Caring Addiction Advisor is awaiting your call A Message From Dr. Gebien Is Someone You Love Suffering From Addiction? Dont Wait Untill Its Too Late.⏱ Addiction Relief Is One Call Away! Our Location 176 Park Row, New York, NY 10038, USA Copyright © 2024 Addiction101. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions DISCLAIMER:Addiction101 Addiction Network is a third-party information service for consumers who are dealing with addiction or seeking information on addiction treatment. All content and information provided by AddictionTreatments101.com are intended solely for informational and marketing purposes and are not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. You should always seek medical advice from a licensed caregiver if you are experiencing any condition which may require medical treatment, and in the event of an emergency, please dial 911 immediately. Any advertiser relationships are clearly marked as “Sponsored” or “Ad”. Reliance on any content or information set forth within this website is solely at your own risk. See Terms and Conditions for further details.NA/AA DISCLAIMER:This Site is not affiliated with Narcotics Anonymous or Alcoholics Anonymous. The information on this Site is provided for informational purposes only. If there are any discrepancies of times, dates, or locations of meetings, please contact us so we can update the information as we strive to keep the information as current as possible. Proud Supporter