New America Skip to main content New America Search Programs Programs — Better Life Lab Center on Education & Labor Digital Impact and Governance Initiative Early & Elementary Education Fellows Future Frontlines Future of Land and Housing Future Security Future Tense Higher Education New America CA New America Chicago New Practice Lab Open Technology Institute Planetary Politics Political Reform PreK-12 Education Public Interest Technology Teaching, Learning & Tech Us@250 Initiative Publications The Thread Events About Support New America — We are dedicated to renewing the promise of America by continuing the quest to realize our nation's highest ideals, honestly confronting the challenges caused by rapid technological and social change, and seizing the opportunities those changes create. About — Our Story Our People Our Funding Press Room Jobs & Fellowships Donate Questioning the Promise of Employer-Sponsored Child Care Benefits More companies are offering child care benefits backed by governmental incentives, but the trend needs serious reconsideration. Better Life Lab Report Targeting the Wagner Group: How the U.S. Can Strengthen Sanctions Against Russia Future Frontlines Brief Launching the Good Jobs Collaborative Center on Education & Labor Event Highlights Our Story Find out more about our distinctive community of thinkers, writers, researchers, technologists, and community activists. Jobs & Fellowships Explore the jobs, fellowships, and internship opportunities at New America. Lessons from Russia’s War in Ukraine Experts at New America weigh in on the conflict and what they see on the horizon for Ukraine and the world. Highlights Our Story Find out more about our distinctive community of thinkers, writers, researchers, technologists, and community activists. Jobs & Fellowships Explore the jobs, fellowships, and internship opportunities at New America. Lessons from Russia’s War in Ukraine Experts at New America weigh in on the conflict and what they see on the horizon for Ukraine and the world. We are dedicated to renewing the promise of America Read about our mission. Upcoming Events Mar. 6th, 2024 Transforming the Lived Experiences of Student Parents into Meaningful Policy Change Join New America for a fireside chat with authors Stephanie Land and Nicole Lynn Lewis. Washington, D.C. RSVP Mar. 7th, 2024 [ONLINE] - Ross Perlin, Language City: The Fight to Preserve Endangered Mother Tongues in New York Join the New America Fellows Program for a conversation with 2024 National Fellow Atossa Abrahamian and 2023 New Arizona Fellow Ross Perlin Online Only RSVP Mar. 11th, 2024 [ONLINE] - How to Win an Information War: The Propagandist Who Outwitted Hitler Join the Future Security Program in welcoming Peter Pomerantsev to discuss his new book, How to Win an Information War. Online Only RSVP View All Where policy, equity, and culture come together. Read and subscribe to The Thread, a blog by New America. Recent Publications Mar. 4th, 2024 Subscribe to the PAYA Newsletter Center on Education & Labor Blog Post Mar. 4th, 2024 Families and Providers Can’t Wait for the Early Care and Education System They Deserve While we keep pushing for an ideal ECE system, employer-sponsored benefits can help some families and providers stay afloat. By: Carrie Gillispie Education Policy Blog Post Mar. 4th, 2024 $100 million federal funding opportunity will support states’ apprenticeship expansion efforts Federal grant program provides avenues for states to advance youth apprenticeship By: Lancy Downs Center on Education & Labor Blog Post Feb. 29th, 2024 Segregation and Resource Inequality Between America's School Districts In America, it’s common for children living just one mile apart to experience different educational outcomes. Why? Historical segregation. By: Zahava Stadler and Jordan Abbott Education Policy Report View All New America Our Story Publications Programs Events Our People Jobs & Fellowships Press Contact Us New America 740 15th Street NW, Suite 900Washington, DC 20005 Programs Events Publications Subscribe Creative Commons Mission People Funding Policies & Procedures Contact Jobs & Fellowships Press Donate