Video Maker | Make Videos and Animations Online | Powtoon Create Jaw-Dropping Videos and Presentations Harness the power of toons to bring your message to life, making your viewers say “Got it!” with a little extra POW! Get started for free today! START NOW powtoons created Used By: Break through the noise with visual communications Communicating visually with short videos and animation allows your entire team to achieve more, no matter what kind of work you do. HR Recruit, Onboard, & Retain Top Talent Training and L&D Develop transformational leadership Internal Communications Inspire genuine employee engagement Marketing Marketing strategy and lead generation with results you can measure Education For teachers & students to inspire creativity and storytelling that will impress the whole class From talent acquisition to change management, visual communication helps your business stand out while you attract top talent, onboard new employees effectively, and retain them for the long haul. CREATE AN HR VIDEO Training videos are just the first step to transforming the way your company grows. Creating visual experiences makes for integrated, bottom-up learning that bridges the skill gap in your organization. LEARN MORE Fight information silos, email overload, and inconsistent communications to bridge the communication gap in your organization. Delivering your internal comms via video, animation, and visual content supports an engaged and connected company culture. CREATE AN INTERNAL COMMS VIDEO Visual marketing — from brand awareness and explainer videos to sharing your quarterly ROI and annual marketing plans in a visually engaging way — makes a deeper impact and accelerates your company’s growth. CREATE A MARKETING VIDEO Flip the classroom, impress your teachers. Introduce blended learning and transform classroom lessons into visual experiences that will stick for a lifetime. LEARN MORE Powtoon is used by 96% of Fortune 500 Companies LEARN MORE Why Visual Communications? Why Powtoon? Yes, you can create your own videos! Work smarter, not harder Miscommunication is costing you Get more from your existing platforms Bring visual experiences to your entire business No matter your skill level or the task at hand, creating visual communications with Powtoon amplifies your results. Tell compelling stories through hundreds of animated characters, templates, video backgrounds, soundtracks, and more. With Powtoon, making your own videos requires no design or tech skills to start making a deeper impact at work. Powtoon’s professionally-designed templates help you create more video & visual content faster. Build off of the successes of over 40 million users worldwide in every kind of business, and benefit from tons of helpful tips, tricks, training sessions, and guides created to shorten the learning curve and help you get measurable results. On average, SMBs lose $420,000 a year to miscommunication between employees. And in large enterprises, that figure grows to a whopping $62.4 million per year. Empower your company to bring down those unseen costs and replace them with higher revenue and a company that actually communicates effectively. Building a company intranet, using an LMS or LXP, populating your blog or website, and spreading delightful animated videos and visual messages to your audience via email or social media has never been easier. Get the most out of these platforms by sharing visual experiences that boost your results. For enterprise-grade data security, compliance, team and license management, collaboration, and additional capabilities that were developed especially for large organizations, Powtoon Business empowers you to transform everyday communications into powerful visual experiences, company-wide. See every department grow in reach and impact with our highest level of service and security. START NOW Over 40 Million Happy Customers Here’s what they have to say... “Powtoon is intuitive and helps create energized, fun, and attention-grabbing videos. It brings us into the future of learning.” Ami Sheffield | Instructional Designer, Conagra Brands “Our subscription to Powtoon has paid for itself 100 times over.” Ryan Deiss | CEO, Digital Marketer “Powtoon has been a big help in breathing life into our otherwise bland company newsletters.” Tony Wind | Communication Specialist, ProVision “Powtoon enables us to share our best training explanations with our entire company. Until now, these lessons were exclusively provided during classroom lessons. But now, we make Powtoon videos available through our LMS. Students can watch the videos where, when, and as many times as they want.” Roland Frei | Training eLearning Expert & Instructor, Skyguide This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more Got it x Thanks for reaching out! Check out our Premium plans to get started with Powtoon today. Check out our Premium plans to get started with Powtoon today. See Pricing Sign Me Up Already a Powtoon user? Learn more about our Powtoon Business Customers.