| coronavirus Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website. Skip to main content coronavirus Coronavirus Coronavirus Testing Pre-registration for Public Testing It’s best to get testing through your provider, but if you need to use public testing, you can save time in line by visiting coronavirus.dc.gov/register to create a profile from your smartphone, tablet, or computer. COVID-19 Resources in Your Language Recursos sobre el COVID-19 en su idioma • COVID-19 : ressources en français • በቋንቋዎ የኮቪድ-19 (COVID-19) የመረጃ ምንጮች • COVID-19资源（使用您的语言)• Thông tin hỗ trợ C0VID19 trên ngôn ngữ của quí vị • 코로나바이러스 감염증(COVID019) 한국어 자료 Home TestingOver The Counter Self-Report VaccineGet Vaccinated VaxDC Vaccine Information Vaccination Q&A Vaccine Trials DC CANWhat Is DC CAN? DC CAN FAQ Privacy Policy DataKey Metrics Vaccination Data K-12 Schools Data Variant Surveillance School Surveillance Testing Health GuidanceCOVID-19 Therapeutics Phase Two Continues The District of Columbia Government entered into Phase Two of reopening on Monday, June 22, 2020. Click here to review Mayor's Orders and new health guidance and signage for businesses and for your home. Wearing a mask or face covering is one tool to protect an individual’s own health and the health of others, but it does not replace social distancing. Want a Test? Get a Test: Full List of DC Testing Sites Learn more about Vaccines and DC's Vaccine Distribution Plan Need Signs for Your Home? Download Signage Kit Phase Two Continues The District of Columbia Government entered into Phase Two of reopening on Monday, June 22, 2020. Click here to review Mayor's Orders and new health guidance and signage for businesses and for your home. Wearing a mask or face covering is one tool to protect an individual’s own health and the health of others, but it does not replace social distancing. Want a Test? Get a Test: Full List of DC Testing Sites Learn more about Vaccines and DC's Vaccine Distribution Plan Need Signs for Your Home? Download Signage Kit Coronavirus Homepage Welcome The CDC recommends 1 updated COVID-19 vaccine dose for everyone 6 months and older. Find a Booster or Child Vaccination Location Near You The COVID Centers will permanently close on March 31, 2023. Find more information on COVID-19 testing and vaccination, visit cdc.gov/coronavirus. DC COVID-19 Vaccination Data VIEW MORE DATA COVID-19 TESTING GET VACCINATED VACCINE FAQS The DC Government urges you to help flatten the curve : Get Vaccinated Practice social distancing Wear a mask or face covering Wash your hands Stay home if you feel sick On this site, we also have have information on how to register for vaccination, testing resources, funeral assistance, help with rent, help with utilities, food resources, resources for businesses and individuals, operating status of DC Government, and more. Please bookmark and share this portal with your community. 1800 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE 1800 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE1800 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE, Washington, DC, 20020 Read more about 1800 Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue, SE Pages123456789…next ›last » Featured News Press ReleasesNewsletters 03/03/2023 DC Health Announces COVID Centers Will Close on March 31 11/14/2022 Mayor Bowser Opens New Round of Bridge Fund Grants to Support Small Businesses 11/09/2022 Modified District Government Services for Veterans Day 10/14/2022 Public Notice: Medicaid Provider Payment Delay 09/01/2022 Mayor Bowser and DC Health Encourage Residents to Get Their Flu Vaccine and Bivalent COVID-19 Booster More » 03/05/2020 Mayor's Newsletter, Volume 6, Issue 10: News from Mayor Muriel Bowser More » Upcoming Events There are no events at this time. View Past Events > How to Protect Yourself Get Vaccinated Wash hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds multiple times a day. An alcohol-based hand sanitizer can be used if soap and water are not available Avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands Avoid close contact with people who are sick Stay home when feeling sick Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces FAQs I Have Symptoms What Should I Do? The symptoms that are currently being seen with COVID-19 are cough, fever, headache, new loss of taste or smell, repeated shaking with chills, sore throat, shortness of breath, and muscle pain. Stay home and self-quarantine until you are free of fever, signs of a fever, and any other symptoms for at least 24 hours and without the use of fever-reducing or other symptom-altering medications. Seek medical attention if you have reason to believe you have been exposed to coronavirus or influenza. Call your healthcare provider before visiting a healthcare facility. COVID-19 Toolkit Unemployment Benefits With Mayor Bowser adjusting the District of Columbia’s operating status in response to coronavirus (COVID-19), District residents may file for unemployment compensation. More information on how to file available at Recovery Additional Websites CDC US State Department DC Health HSEMA MayorTax & Revenue Resources Guides Videos Accessibility Privacy & Terms >