Deque University: Web Accessibility Training and Courses Skip to content Login Deque Menu Online Courses Login to My Courses View All Subscription Options Instructor-Led Training Accessibility Training Deque Product Training Public Webinars Resources Resources Overview Web Accessibility Checklist Screen Reader Reference Guides IAAP Certification Quick Guide ARIA JavaScript Pattern Library Disability Demographics Product Documentation All User Guides Latest Axe Rules Digital Accessibility Courses& Accessibility Reference Library Digital Accessibility Courses& Accessibility Reference Library Deque University offers training and on-demand reference materials for every level and every area of expertise in digital accessibility. Enroll Now Login Learn accessibility skills for web, documents, and mobile content at your own pace. Deque University provides an extensive curriculum of self-guided online courses so you can focus on the skills you need with the flexibility your schedule requires. Whether you’re working on your own professional development or training a team, make Deque U your go-to resource for in-depth accessibility expertise. Check out the learning plans Full Access Web Accessibility IAAP Accessibility Certification Accessibility Training with Expert Instructors If you have a team in need of accessibility training, check out our Instructor-Led courses and workshops. One of our experts will provide live training in person or via teleconference, giving your team a chance to engage with their instructor, ask questions, and address accessibility challenges specific to your organization. Talk to a Deque Team Member about your training needs. Deque University Scholarships for People with Disabilities The world needs more accessibility experts, and people with disabilities are already experts in inaccessible experiences. With a little additional training, you can build the skills you need to become an accessibility specialist and help bring the world closer to digital equality. If you have a disability, you qualify for a scholarship for free access to Deque University’s online, in-depth digital accessibility curriculum for one full year. Learn more About Deque University Scholarships Apply IAAP Certification Prep Interested in getting certified with the International Association of Accessibility Professionals? Deque is an Approved Certification Preparation Provider, and we offer Deque University online courses for CPACC and WAS exam preparation. Deque U courses also apply as continuing education courses towards your existing IAAP certification. Visit the IAAP website to learn more about the exams including exam dates and registration. Contact Us Request a quote or demo Accessibility statement VPAT Site map Download free axe DevTools browser extension Main Deque Website 381 Elden Street, Suite 2000, Herndon, VA 20171 1-703-225-0380 © Copyright 2013 - 2024 Deque Systems. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Legal