Government of Alberta | Alberta.ca Skip to content Alberta.ca Search Alberta.ca Popular topics: Refocusing health care in Alberta Foster and kinship care Elder abuse – Get help Affordability Action Plan Child care subsidy Renew your vehicle registration Find a service Find all of the Alberta government services and information you need. Public engagements Help shape the future of government policies, programs and services. Jobs Government of Alberta jobs, job postings across the province, and resources for job seekers. Government action Priority Government of Alberta initiatives and action plans. News February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: A responsible plan for a growing province February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: Putting Albertans and Alberta families first February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: Investing in safe, welcoming communities Alberta.ca home Open government Contact government Social media directory Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Feature Refocusing health care in Alberta Prioritizing patients and empowering health care professionals. Budget 2024 A responsible plan to strengthen health care and education, build safe and supportive communities, manage the province’s resources wisely and promote job creation to continue to build Alberta’s competitive advantage. Learn more Find the Alberta government services and information you need Business and economy Culture Driving and transportation Education and training Emergencies and public safety Energy Environment Family and social supports Government Health Housing Indigenous relations Infrastructure Jobs and employment Law and justice Life events Moving to Alberta Municipalities Non-profit and charitable organizations Public land, parks and recreation Tax information Initiatives Cutting red tape We’re cutting red tape to reduce costs, speed up approvals, and make life easier. Have an idea? We want to hear it. Mois de la francophonie albertaine March is Mois de la francophonie albertaine, a time to highlight the vibrancy and energy the Francophonie brings to Alberta. Refocusing health care in Alberta A refocused health care system will improve health outcomes for Albertans and empower health care workers to deliver quality care across the province. Active emergency updates Updates on major active emergencies and recovery information in Alberta. Drought Alberta is at risk of droughts and water shortages. Everyone can help do their part. Angkor: The Lost Empire of Cambodia Explore the rise and fall of one of history’s greatest empires at the Royal Alberta Museum’s new feature exhibition. See all initiatives Featured news February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: A responsible plan for a growing province Budget 2024 is a responsible plan to strengthen health care and education, build safe communities and manage resources wisely to support a growing Alberta. February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: Putting Albertans and Alberta families first Budget 2024 is a responsible plan that puts Albertans and their families first by investing in strong health care, a modern education system and supports to keep life affordable. February 29, 2024 Budget 2024: Investing in safe, welcoming communities Budget 2024 is a responsible plan that keeps Alberta communities safe and secure. See all news Premier of Alberta Danielle Smith was sworn in as Alberta's 19th Premier on October 11, 2022. Find out more. Alberta.ca Footer Ministries Jobs Contact government Staff directory About Links About Links Using Alberta.ca Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin © 2024 Government of Alberta