Anthropologie - Women's Clothing, Accessories & Home Skip to main content can we refresh your cocktail (dress)? ONE TOO MINI 🍸 shop new-right-now arrivals just added! NEW SALE STYLES shop now limited time! UP TO 30% OFF SELECT FURNITURE & DÉCOR shop nowsee details Sign In / Sign Up New! Top-Rated Dresses Clothing Shoes Accessories Weddings Home & Furniture Beauty & Wellness Gifts & Candles Sale Clear Suggestions, trending searches, and preview results will populate after the search button. Your browser does not have JS enabled, you are still able to browse the website but you won't be able to access advanced features such as editing or logging in. shopdresses shopminidresses shop newclothing &accessories shopaccessories seewhat'snew shopbags shop new home arrivals shop kitchen & dining shop all clothing see what's new in weddings Top-Rated Picks Shop All CUSTOMER FAVORITEThe Bettina Tiered Shirt Dress by Maeve★★★★★The fabric is weighted perfectly for our hot Florida summers. shop now CUSTOMER FAVORITEThe Arizona EVA Sandals by Birkenstock★★★★★These are the BEST shoes for summer adventures, errands, and pool days. shop now CUSTOMER FAVORITEThe Keira Collared Button-Front Blouse by Pilcro★★★★★Fit is great. Light and breezy but still professional enough for work! shop now CUSTOMER FAVORITEThe Devon Bath Towel Collection★★★★★So plush and gets softer and more absorbent as you wash! shop now More to Explore Prep for Spring Entertaining the table is set for gatherings aplenty Home At Last: Spring '24 tour the whole collection Our NEW (!) Fragrance introducing Flora, Zest & Ember The Little BLUE Book find your perfect fit, size & rise About Us Our mission at Anthropologie has always been to surprise and delight you with unexpected, distinctive finds for your closet and home. We source and craft all of our products with care, ensuring that any treasure you find at Anthropologie is unique, just like you. Explore our dresses shop to find styles and fits perfect for any occasion, from cocktail party dresses to wedding guest dresses to casual daytime silhouettes. Shop Anthropologie Weddings and take a look at our selection of wedding dresses and bridesmaids dresses. Browse party skirts, wide-leg pants and jeans, and blouses that will turn heads. Complete your look with uncommon accessories—think only-here slides and head-turning totes. Discover our expansive home collections, from furniture to curtains, decorative pillows to duvets, wall art to Moroccan-inspired rugs. Looking for a housewarming gift? Try a coffee table book, original glassware or a set of coasters.