Coolors - The super fast color palettes generator! Tools Palette Generator Create your palettes in seconds Explore Palettes Browse millions of trending color schemes Image Picker Get beautiful palettes from your photos Contrast Checker Check the contrast between two colors Palette VisualizerNew Preview your colors on real designs List of colorsNew Browse Gradients Create a Gradient Make a Gradient Palette Color Picker Collage Maker List of Fonts Image Converter Apps iOS App Android App Figma Plugin Adobe ExtensionNew Go Pro Sign in Sign up Dashboard Profile Account Sign out Palette Generator Explore Palettes Image Picker Contrast Checker List of FontsNew Other tools List of colorsNew Browse Gradients Create a Gradient Make a Gradient Palette Color Picker Collage Maker Image Converter Jobs Job Board Post a Job Apps iOS App Android App Figma Plugin Chrome Extension Instagram Page Account Sign in Sign up Go Pro Account Dashboard Profile Account Go Pro Sign out The super fast color palettes generator! Create the perfect palette or get inspired by thousands of beautiful color schemes. Start the generator! Explore trending palettes iOS App Create, browse and save palettes on the go. View on the App Store Android App Thousands of palettes in your pocket. View on the Play Store Figma Plugin All palettes right in your workspace. Install now Chrome Extension Get and edit a palette every new tab. Add to Chrome New Adobe Extension Use Coolors with your favorite tools. Download Used by 5+ million designers and by top companies Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Created with Sketch. Tools Generate your palettes Explore popular palettes Extract palette from image Contrast checker Preview palettes on designs Recolor your own design Color picker Browse free fonts More List of colorsNew Browse gradients Create a gradient Make a gradient palette Image converter Create a collage Font Generator Jobs Find your next job Post a job Apps iOS App Android App Figma Plugin Adobe ExtensionNew Chrome Extension Instagram Page Company Pricing License Terms of service Privacy policy Cookie policy Manage cookies Help center Advertise Affiliate Contact © Coolors by Fabrizio Bianchi. From a creative to all the others. Sign in Sign in with your email here. Sign in By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service.Read our Privacy Policy. Forgot password? Reset Don't have an account? Sign up Sign up Create a free account with your email. Create your free account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service.Read our Privacy Policy. Already have an account? Sign in You're all set! We're thrilled to have you on board!Enjoy Coolors! Okay Reset password Enter your email address below and choose a new password. Email / Username This field is required This email is not registered Choose a new password This field is required Min 8 characters Send reset link Back to Sign in Color code Color code This field is required The code is not valid. This code has been already used. This code has expired. Too many attempts. Try again in 1 minute. Email not received? Send again Do you need help? Contact us Export Palette URL Share PDF Image CSS ASE SVG Code Embed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Export palette as PDF General Labels Spaces Pages Options Title Description Colors Label Color Spaces Pages Use my custom logo Export Export as PDF Title Description Use my custom logo Export Export palette as image General Labels Options Title Color Space Colors Label Use my custom logo Export Info Colors Projects Collections ImageNEW Name Description Tags Select projects Add Select collections Add Label Color Add context to your palette by pairing it with an image. Use picker image Save Name This field is required Private Save Name This field is required Private Save Name Color This field is required Color already saved Save Info Colors Projects Collections Name Description Tags Preview Colors Select projects Add Select collections Add Save Select image Upload URL Camera Stock Browse or drop image Wrong file type or size (max 10 MB). Image URL This field is required OK No photos found. Not available. Please try later. Allow access to your camera... Camera not available. Not supported by your device. Camera access denied. Retake Use this photo Take Image picker Next Collage maker Export Layout Aspect Palette Share palette Facebook Twitter Pinterest What's new Howdy! Thank you so much for getting here! I’m Fabrizio, creator and maintainer of Coolors. I’d really love to get in touch with you to hear your feedback or just say hello! 😃 Reach me on New terms available We updated our Terms and Privacy.Please read them and accept to continue. I accept Download Copy Palette Luminance Palette Gradient Check Palette Contrast Pro Feature Go Pro to unlock this feature and many others. Learn more View demo No color pairs have enough contrast. ValidAll Export color as image Title Space Library Use my custom logo Export Select project Projects New project OK Select collection Collections New collection OK Share link_sharer_description Private link to share Palette details Projects Collections Tags Keywords Created on modal_pro_subtitle 👋 Hello, I'm Fabrizio, the guy behind Coolors. Today I introduce Coolors Pro, a subscription plan to premium features, that I believe represents a fundamental step forward for the future of Coolors' development. So what happens? You can still use nearly every features for free, with mainly these limitations on the account: You can save up to 10 palettes You can have only 1 project and 1 collection You can save up to 5 colors to favorites Remove ads and popups to enter the heaven of colors Generate palettes with more than 5 colors automatically or with color theory rules Save unlimited palettes, colors and gradients, and organize them in projects and collections Explore more than 10 million color schemes perfect for any project Pro Profile, a new beautiful page to present yourself and showcase your palettes, projects and collections Get advanced PDF export options like shades, hues, color blindness, etc. Unlock additional tools like the new Palette Visualizer to check your colors on real designs Support me as an indie developer And more... Cancel your subscription anytime. We'll send you reminders 3 days before renewals. Learn more Used by 5+ million users And top companies View plans Redeem your coupon Coupon code This field is required This coupon is not valid. This coupon has expired. This coupon has been already used. Apply Contact us if you need support with your coupon. Update payment method Provide your card details (protected by Stripe) Confirm Update payment method Update payment method Change Plan Hello! Use your email or another service to continue with Coolors. Continue with Google Continue with Apple Continue with email By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service.Read our Privacy Policy. Info Colors Share a palette quickly with your clients or collegues, including title and descriptions. Name Description Label Color Get link Become an Affiliate! If you have a blog, website, email list or social media accounts then you can join the Affiliate Program and earn a 20% commission on every purchase. Get your link Info Image Tags Options Variants 1 2 3 4 Title This field is required Description This field is required Creative fields This field is required Tools Tags Private Request an invitation We can't wait to see what you are working on but, to prevent abuse and scale gradually, you you can start uploading your designs only upon invitation. Make sure your profile is well sorted out before sending your request! Send a request Your already sent your request. Info Font Projects Collections Name Description Tags Select projects Add Select collections Add Save Palette Variations Show HEX Shade Saturation Hue Temperature Blindness Luminance Gradient Theme Pro Feature Go Pro to unlock this feature and many others. Learn more View demo Coolors Adobe Extension Download and install the extension for Illustrator, InDesign and Photoshop (up to version 20). Photoshop 21+ and Adobe XD will be supported soon. Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop (20) Download (1.1.0) Adobe Photoshop 21+, Adobe XD Coming soon Parse Palette Coolors URL / String / Array This field is required No colors found OK Prev Next Cancel subscription Oh no! It breaks my 💙to see you leave! Before you cancel your subscription, please share with me what made you cancel today. Your honest feedback will help me improve a lot! Thanks. Never mind, I'll stay! Continue Info Image Projects Collections Name Description Tags Select projects Add Select collections Add Save Allow the ads Hey, I'm Fabrizio, the guy behind this website. Please help me to keep most of the site free by allowing ads or consider subscribing to enjoy even more features.Your support truly matters. I disabled the ad blocker I want to subscribe for $3/mo I don't care, close popup