StopBullying.gov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu Bullying What Is Bullying The Roles Kids Play Why Some Youth Bully Who Is at Risk Warning Signs for Bullying Effects of Bullying Bullying and Trauma Race, National Origin & Religion LGBTQI+ Youth Military Connected Youth Disabilities & Special Needs Other Aggressive Behavior Cyberbullying What Is Cyberbullying Cyberbullying Tactics Prevent Cyberbullying Social Media and Apps Cyberbullying and Gaming Digital Awareness for Parents Establishing Rules Tips for Teachers Report Cyberbullying How to Deal with “Haters” Prevention How to Prevent Bullying Prevention at School Assess Bullying Engage Parents & Youth Set Policies & Rules Build a Safe Environment Working in the Community Prevention in Extra-Curricular Activities Respond to Bullying Support the Kids Involved Bystanders to Bullying Help Children Build Resilience Tips for Parents of Middle Schoolers Resources Get Help Now Facts About Bullying Laws & Policies Research Resources How to Talk About Bullying What You Can Do What Teens Can Do Training Center Media Guidelines Videos & Social Media External Resources Kids Get Help Now Enter the terms you wish to search for. (optional) Search Search Blog Language English Español Chinese | 中文 Korean | 한국어 Prevention: Learn how to identify bullying and stand up to it safely Become an upstander Stop Bullying on the Spot When adults respond quickly and consistently to bullying behavior they send the message that it is not acceptable. Research shows this can stop bullying behavior over time. Parents, school staff, and other adults in the community can help kids prevent bullying by talking about it, building a safe school environment, and creating a community-wide bullying prevention strategy. Cyberbullying Learn what cyberbullying is, how to prevent it, and how to respond to it if you or someone you know is experiencing cyberbullying. /cyberbullying/what-is-it Federal Laws Sometimes bullying overlaps with discriminatory harassment, which is covered under federal civil rights laws. Learn more about your civil rights. /resources/laws/federal What Schools Can Do School staff can help prevent bullying by establishing and enforcing rules and policies that clearly describe how students are expected to treat each other. /prevention/at-school What Kids Can Do Are you being bullied? Do you see bullying at your school? There are things you can do to keep yourself and the kids you know safe from bullying. /kids/what-you-can-do Get Help Now If you have done everything you can to resolve the situation and nothing has worked, or someone is in immediate danger, there are ways to get help. Learn More What to do if You Experience Cyberbullying Learn how to respond to cyberbullying and make sure it stops. Watch Videos Return to top Of Interest Archive About Us USA.gov Accessibility GobiernoUSA.gov Language Assistance WhiteHouse.gov Privacy Policy EEO/No Fear Act Vulnerability Disclosure Policy FOIA Nondiscrimination Notice Partners CDC.gov HRSA.gov ED.gov SAMHSA.gov Justice.gov StopBullying A federal government website managed by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 200 Independence Avenue, S.W. Washington, D.C. 20201 Email Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Agency Contact Center 1-877-696-6775​ https://cloud.connect.hhs.gov/stop