PsyPost - Psychology News - Reporting the latest scientific research on behavior, cognition and society Subscribe The latest psychology and neuroscience discoveries. My Account Mental Health Social Psychology Cognitive Science Psychopharmacology No Result View All Result PsyPost PsyPost No Result View All Result COVID-19 COVID-19 leaves its mark on the brain, including with significant drops in IQ scores March 5, 2024 Cognitive Science Neurocognitive impact of deepfakes: Study finds differential responses to emotive expressions March 5, 2024 Neuroimaging Brain chemistry imbalance revealed in violent offenders with antisocial personality disorder March 5, 2024 Conspiracy Theories Psychological entitlement: New research unveils link to pandemic non-compliance and conspiracy beliefs March 5, 2024 Political Psychology Does political conviction equate to political knowledge? Data from six continents suggests no March 5, 2024 Relationships and Sexual Health Study shows threefold rise in bisexual behavior among Americans March 4, 2024 Dementia Speech speed, not word-finding, may be the true indicator of cognitive health in aging March 4, 2024 Artificial Intelligence Breakthrough AI model distinguishes male and female brains with over 90% accuracy March 4, 2024 COVID-19 Mild Covid-19 infections make insomnia more likely, especially in people with anxiety or depression March 4, 2024 Relationships and Sexual Health Adherence to traditional gender roles linked to paradoxical sexual dynamics in relationships March 4, 2024 Anxiety Social anxiety might be transmissible through gut microbiota, study finds March 4, 2024 Moral Psychology Politics really is making “bastards of us all,” according to new psychology research March 4, 2024 Anxiety Delta opioid receptor agonist KNT-127 modulates anxiety-like behavior, study finds March 3, 2024 Addiction Ketone supplements vs. alcohol: New study uncovers a surprising interaction March 3, 2024 Conspiracy Theories Faith and conspiracy: Study shows religiosity is related to belief in COVID-19 conspiracies March 3, 2024 Load More Cognitive Science Mental Health Social Psychology Drug Research Conspiracy Theories Meditation Psychology of Religion Aviation Psychology and Human Factors Promotions Relationships and Sexual Health Evolutionary Psychology COVID-19 Neuroimaging Psychedelic Drugs Dark Triad Political Psychology Developmental Psychology [Do not sell my personal information] About PsyPost is a psychology and neuroscience news website dedicated to reporting the latest research on human behavior, cognition, and society. (READ MORE...) Contact us Disclaimer Privacy policy Terms and Conditions Subscribe My Account Cognitive Science Research Mental Health Research Social Psychology Research Drug Research Relationship Research About PsyPost Contact Privacy Policy Welcome Back! Login to your account below Remember Me Forgotten Password? Retrieve your password Please enter your username or email address to reset your password. Log In Add New Playlist - Select Visibility -PublicPrivate Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Statistics Marketing Features Always active Always active Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent