Left Foot Forward: Leading the UK's progressive debate - Left Foot Forward is the home for UK progressives. We provide evidence-based analysis on British politics, news and policy. Left Foot Forward: Leading the UK's progressive debate Home Donate Sign up Right-Wing Watch Columnists Polling About About LFF Write for LFF Advertise with LFF Privacy TrendingLabour Brexit EU NHS Thank you for supporting independent media We’re so grateful for your donation and will make sure your money goes as far as possible Spread the word about us: Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Join us and get the real news in your inbox every day. By clicking 'Sign me up' you confirm that you have read and agree to our privacy policy. Many of us warned for years about the scale of Islamophobia in the Conservative Party. The problem goes deeper than a few bad apples. Basit Mahmood 26 February, 2024 (2 weeks ago) The demand that we tackle Islamophobia isn’t a demand for special treatment for Muslims, it’s a demand for equal treatment. Latest Posts News Damning report warns UK on course for second ‘lost decade’ ahead of Budget Hannah Davenport Today Tories devastating record set to continue unless Budget delivers ‘desperately needed measures’ to recover living standards News Ofcom finds GB News broke broadcasting rules after Laurence Fox’s misogynistic comments about journalist Basit Mahmood Today Fox’s disgraceful comments about JOE Media’s political correspondent Ava Evans led to 8,867 complaints being made. News ‘Common Sense Minister’ blasted out of touch after tirade against 4-day week Hannah Davenport Today The Tory MP has been taken apart after deeming support for a 4-day week ‘socialist madness’ News Union leaders demand Jeremy Hunt give ‘vital’ extra cash to public services in Budget Hannah Davenport Today “Prioritising politically-driven tax cuts while decimating services is the wrong choice” News Astonishing poll shows support for Tories dropping to record low Basit Mahmood Today “The historical comparisons continue to look ominous for Rishi Sunak and the Conservatives.” News Jeremy Hunt’s own constituents want him to invest in the NHS instead of giving away tax cuts Basit Mahmood Yesterday News of the poll comes ahead of the budget this week, where the Tories are expected to cut taxes in a pre-election giveaway News Jeremy Hunt gives over £100,000 of his own money to local Tory party in bid to retain seat Basit Mahmood Yesterday Hunt is among a number of high profile Tory MPs predicted to lose their seats at the next general election News Ministers considering proposals to ban MPs from engaging with the Palestine Solidarity Campaign John Hoggard Yesterday Any such move would further undermine the Tory government’s claim to be defenders of free speech and also undermine political rights. News UK environmentalists commend EU’s decision to criminalise ‘ecocide’ Gabrielle Pickard-Whitehead 3 March, 2024 (2 days ago) “That’s how it’s done.” Over half of Universal Credit recipients do not have enough money for food, research finds Gabrielle Pickard-Whitehead 3 March, 2024 (2 days ago) A petition calling on the government to take urgent action to support the introduction of an Essentials Guarantee was presented to political parties in Westminster this week. ← Older posts Join us and get the real news in your inbox every day. By clicking 'Sign me up' you confirm that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.