Business And Executive Coaching With Chris Lema Skip to content Menu Menu Coaching About Blog Contact You don’t have to learn every business lesson the hard way. I Can Help Results That Matter Personalized Business And Executive Coaching You have goals to reach, KPIs to hit, outcomes to deliver, and teams to lead. I can get you there faster, help you go farther, and pave a more efficient path. Learn More Free Consult For more than twenty years, I’ve coached entrepreneurs, business leaders, SaaS businesses, software companies, and digital agencies to drive growth, multiply revenue, and increase profitability. I'd love to help you too. Want to talk SaaS products, eCommerce, software platforms, product strategy, memberships, subscription platforms, building high-performance teams, or improving your marketing and sales ROI? Let’s chat about it — with no obligation. 512+ Happy Clients 78 Frameworks 325% Growth Delivered $110M Revenue Delivered You’re Here Because… You saw me speak, read my blog, watched one of my videos, listened to an interview, or someone told you to check me out. Regardless of the reason, I’m glad you’re here because maybe, working with me is exactly what you need. Level Up Your Company From streamlining operations and improving marketing efforts to defining product strategy and increasing profitability, I help growing companies leverage technology and technology companies find leverage. Level Up Yourself I coach executives and CEOs to drive remarkable outcomes, and challenge them to embrace their roles as visionaries so they can empower their leaders to execute the organizational vision with ownership and enthusiasm. Level Up Your Leaders I mentor managers and leaders and help them become more effective and confident. I teach them how to individualize their leadership approach to gain quicker alignment and motivate people to perform at their best. Level Up Your Team After identifying the unique challenges of your software, product, and sales and marketing teams, I provide the mentorship needed to effectively navigate change and improve cohesion, engagement, performance, and satisfaction. Focus on building a better company, and you create better leaders and better teams who make better decisions and create better products. Go Farther Together Accelerate Growth And Build Momentum The leaders and teams I coach move faster, create better products, and increase sales and revenue with less effort and fewer resources. Once they start taking intentional action, momentum kicks in like a propulsion engine, teams are energized like never before, and they become unstoppable. Learn To Make Better Decisions Better thinkers ask strategic questions, get strategic answers, and make better business decisions. By putting my proven frameworks in the hands of your team and sharing a few stories to illustrate how they can be used to advance your objectives, I’ll empower the decision-makers in your organization to put problems in context, uncover new perspectives, and find the best solutions. Learn To Build Better Products I’ve spent my entire career helping creators and businesses alike plan, build, deploy, and grow digital products and software solutions. Since 2005, I’ve coached startups and many of the most well-known brands in the open-source and WordPress ecosystems, helping them create new products, enter new markets, hit next-level revenue targets, and enjoy profitable exits. Focus Areas The Challenges Addressed Most Often During Business Coaching Go To Market Strategy Market Segmentation Crafting Offers Lead Generation Pricing Plans Hiring And Team Dynamics Mergers And Acquisitions Valuations And Exits Product Strategy Content Strategy “Chris has been a trusted advisor to Zeek for many years. His coaching has been invaluable in growing the business — guiding me on proposal writing, hiring practices, contracts, and much more. Chris' wisdom on pricing helped us make the transition from T&M to value based pricing, which was game-changing. Since working with Chris, our revenue has grown 3X!” Steve Zenghut – Zeek Advice Recent Articles And Insights Hosting WooCommerce Stores with Unexpected High Traffic What do you already know about hosting WooCommerce stores? When it comes to hosting WooCommerce stores, … Read More Keeping Your Top Talent Engaged Keeping high performers engaged at work not only maximizes productivity, but also drives revenue up. I … Read More Do you know your focus toggle? I couldn't get my camera to focus by pressing the shutter button down half-way. It has … Read More Meet Chris Lema Chris Lema is a seasoned CEO, experienced product strategist, and respected business coach. Executives and entrepreneurs coach with Chris to achieve peak performance for themselves and their teams. Menu My Leadership Blog My CaboPress Conference My YouTube Channel Sign up to get my articles. People still do that. Thousands of folks just like you (7000+) regularly get my insights in their inboxes at no cost. I won't send you spam. You can unsubscribe at any time. © 2024 Chris Lema Privacy Policy Terms of Service CloseCoaching About Blog Contact Search for: