Silicon UK | TECHNOLOGY POWERING BUSINESS Cloud Data Security Marketing Finance Entrepreneur IT Life Jobs United Kingdom Germany Spain France Portugal Latin America Brasil INTERNATIONAL TECHNOLOGY POWERING BUSINESS Podcast Audio News Whitepapers Workspace Silicon Reviews Follow us Facebook X Linkedin RSS Cloud Data Security Marketing Finance Entrepreneur IT Life Jobs United Kingdom Germany Spain France Portugal Latin America Brasil INTERNATIONAL Top Stories Silicon In Focus Podcast: Your Life and Your Business on Your Phone Mobile technology has transformed our personal lives and our businesses. Central to enterprise connectivity and agility, how will these mobile devices and the networks they connect to evolve? How has the business case for mobile changed? Artificial Intelligence China Offers Start-Ups AI Computing Vouchers Legal Ex-Twitter Execs Sue Elon Musk Over Unpaid Severance Artificial Intelligence Amazon Web Services Plans Saudi Arabia Infrastructure Region News Artificial Intelligence Apple Adds ‘AI’ M3 Chip To MacBook Air Laptops Apple adds latest M3 chip to thin-and-light MacBook Air laptops as it touts on-device AI capabilities, looks for sales recovery brandvoice The barbarians at your door. How to identify and defeat the cyberthreats facing your business today Many of the cyberthreats your business faces are invisible. Learn how to shine a light on these threats and discover how to take action to protect your business ePayment Winklevoss’ Gemini To Return More Than $1bn To Customers Winklevoss twins' Gemini to return more than $1bn to customers of failed Earn programme in settlement with New York financial authorities Green-IT Nissan Ends Sunderland Production Of Leaf EV Nissan ends production in Sunderland of Leaf EV as it prepares new lineup, cuts off app access for older Leaf models Legal EU Fines Apple 1.8bn Euros Over Music Streaming Restrictions European Commission fines Apple 1.8bn euros over 'anti-competitive' music streaming restrictions in company's first EU penalty Mobility Apple Reverses Course Over EU Ban On Web Apps Apple to allow iOS web apps in EU after previously planning to disable them as Digital Markets Act 'compliance' measure Business Intelligence Clouded II Documentary Reveals the True Cost of the Cloud Exposing the economic and environmental impacts of cloud technology. Explore the hidden expenses and ecological footprints unearthed by industry experts, challenging prevailing narratives and urging a more conscientious approach to dig ... Enterprise Reddit Looks For $6.5bn Valuation In NYSE IPO Social media platform Reddit looks for $6.5bn IPO valuation, significantly down from $10bn value in 2021 private funding funding round more articles IT IONOS UK: Your Partner for Cloud Data Warehousing How to Choose the Right Cloud Data Warehouse: What Your Business Needs to Know Think about the data your business collects daily. Is your data dispersed over many siloes none of which can be connected. And critically, are you able to analyse this information for commercial insights enabling your business to innovate at speed? Your Engine for Innovation: Designing a Cloud Data Warehouse Security and Compliance for Your Cloud Data Warehouse Features Silicon In Focus Podcast: Your Life and Your Business on Your Phone Mobile technology has transformed our personal lives and our businesses. Central to enterprise connectivity and agility, how will these mobile devices and the networks they connect to evolve? How has the business case for mobile changed? Silicon In Focus Podcast: The Business Case for Mobile AI In Your Pocket Silicon In Focus Podcast: Connectivity in Orbit Silicon Insights Silicon Insights: Integrated B2B Marketing Strategies that Succeed: Part 2 Our guest James Day, Head of Planning at White Spider, speaks in-depth about the current marketing climate and how B2B enterprises can innovate to reach their customers with engaging messages. Silicon Insights: Integrated B2B Marketing Strategies that Succeed: Part 1 Silicon Insights: The Past, Present and Future of Account Based Marketing: Podcast: Part 1 Silicon Insights: The Evolution of Account Based Marketing: Part 2 Silicon Reviews Silicon Reviews: reMarkable 2 Note taking moves into the digital age with the latest device to offer truly distraction-free writing. Can this device replace the notebook and pen? Silicon Reviews: Logitech MX Keyboard Silicon Reviews: MX Master 3S Mouse Silicon Reviews: How to Set Up the Perfect Workspace at Home Webinar: Emerging Trends in Data WarehousingIONOS US: Cloud Services the IONOS WayIONOS US: Next-Generation Cloud Services How Your Business Can Beat Hyperscaler Fatigue Running a small business in today’s digital age is like walking a tightrope. The pressure to establish a robust online presence is immense, and for many small businesses, that journey involves navigating the overwhelming dominance of hyperscalers. How to Transform Your Small Business with Multi Cloud Services Elevating Small Businesses with Next-Generation Cloud Services Webinar: How Cloud and Desktop Virtualisation can Transform Your Business: Part 2Silicon in Focus Podcast Quest Software Podcast: The Democratisation of Data Quest Software Podcast: The Democratisation of Data: Episode 4: In Data We Trust? Even with a single view of truth, why is data often still mistrusted by its users? What is driving this behaviour? How can businesses combat this and create a culture where data is trusted and used to based sound business decisions upon? Quest Software Podcast: The Democratisation of Data: Episode 3: Management, Trust, and Visibility Quest Software Podcast: The Democratisation of Data: Episode 2: Legacy Technology – A Burden and a Vulnerability? Quest Software Podcast: The Democratisation of Data: Episode 1: The Data Landscape Today Cloud Artificial Intelligence Amazon Web Services Plans Saudi Arabia Infrastructure Region Amazon Web Services plans new infrastructure region in Saudi Arabia as country pitches itself as prospective hub for AI cloud apps Business Intelligence Clouded II Documentary Reveals the True Cost of the Cloud Exposing the economic and environmental impacts of cloud technology. Explore the hidden expenses and ecological footprints unearthed by industry experts, challenging prevailing narratives and urging a more conscientious approach to dig ... Artificial Intelligence US SEC Investigates If OpenAI Investors Were Misled – Report Financial regulator examines internal comms of CEO Sam Altman, after his shock firing for not being “consistently candid in communications” more posts Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence China Offers Start-Ups AI Computing Vouchers China government offers start-ups vouchers to defray rising AI computing power costs as US export controls limit access to Nvidia chips Artificial Intelligence Amazon Web Services Plans Saudi Arabia Infrastructure Region Amazon Web Services plans new infrastructure region in Saudi Arabia as country pitches itself as prospective hub for AI cloud apps Artificial Intelligence Apple Adds ‘AI’ M3 Chip To MacBook Air Laptops Apple adds latest M3 chip to thin-and-light MacBook Air laptops as it touts on-device AI capabilities, looks for sales recovery more posts Expert advice ‹ Marketing Innovation Regulation Digital transformation Enterprise Management Data Storage Networks Security Cloud Projects Workspace Mobility › How Does Artificial Intelligence Affect Intellectual Property Protection? Is the future of social media subscription-based? Turning the Unamazing into the Amazing Blue chips & sole traders - all commit to WordPress to sell online How Does Artificial Intelligence Affect Intellectual Property Protection? Will VR Finally Make it Through the ‘Hype Cycle’ Now Apple is in the Game? The High Performance, Low Power Promise of Neuromorphic Computing Still No Death Star In Sight A Clear Road To Net Zero - Tackling Data Centre Sustainability Myths How Does Artificial Intelligence Affect Intellectual Property Protection? Will VR Finally Make it Through the ‘Hype Cycle’ Now Apple is in the Game? Data Does Not Slow Down For Justice - how smart IT systems can better protect victims of serious crime Why The Middle East Offers Exciting Prospects To UK Tech Businesses Will VR Finally Make it Through the ‘Hype Cycle’ Now Apple is in the Game? The High Performance, Low Power Promise of Neuromorphic Computing NHS Cybersecurity Strategy to 2030: Is it Enough to Protect Healthcare? Post-Pandemic Businesses are Spending on Technologies that Drives Efficiency Why The Middle East Offers Exciting Prospects To UK Tech Businesses Why Leaders Must Embrace Technological Chaos Why the technology sector should care about Earth Day Why The Middle East Offers Exciting Prospects To UK Tech Businesses If Businesses Are To Get A Grip On Cybersecurity, They Need To Close Gender Gap Guaranteeing Employee Loyalty for Organisational Success Will VR Finally Make it Through the ‘Hype Cycle’ Now Apple is in the Game? The High Performance, Low Power Promise of Neuromorphic Computing NHS Cybersecurity Strategy to 2030: Is it Enough to Protect Healthcare? Data Does Not Slow Down For Justice - how smart IT systems can better protect victims of serious crime Post-Pandemic Businesses are Spending on Technologies that Drives Efficiency Will VR Finally Make it Through the ‘Hype Cycle’ Now Apple is in the Game? The High Performance, Low Power Promise of Neuromorphic Computing NHS Cybersecurity Strategy to 2030: Is it Enough to Protect Healthcare? Cloud computing and WANs: how a vacuum cleaner ruined months of work (and why it's better to share network maintenance)! Overturning the UK’s full fibre broadband deficit Will VR Finally Make it Through the ‘Hype Cycle’ Now Apple is in the Game? NHS Cybersecurity Strategy to 2030: Is it Enough to Protect Healthcare? If Businesses Are To Get A Grip On Cybersecurity, They Need To Close Gender Gap Staying Safe in Our New AI World: How Organisations Can Protect Themselves The Risk and Reward of ChatGPT in Cybersecurity A Clear Road To Net Zero - Tackling Data Centre Sustainability Myths Post-Pandemic Businesses are Spending on Technologies that Drives Efficiency Data Does Not Slow Down For Justice - how smart IT systems can better protect victims of serious crime Omaha: The little-known Google technology behind automatic updates in Edge People may be working from home right now, but what next? People may be working from home right now, but what next? View All expert advice Whitepapers Dismantling Ransomware with Unified Endpoint Management Quest Battling Endpoint Cybercrime: Protecting Modern Business Quest Why it’s time to redefine endpoint management Quest more Whitepaper Follow us: Facebook Twitter Linkedin NEWSLETTER Ok AboutSilicon UK is the leading source for IT news, analysis, features and interviews covering the technology that impacts your business. Keep up-to-date with the latest tech news and read in-depth features by subscribing to our newsletter and attending our events. Our brandsNETMEDIA Group NETMEDIA International Legal TermsTerms and Conditions Privacy and Cookie Policy Stay in touchAdvertise with us Contact our Editorial team Partnerships & WorldWide Program NetMedia International : GermanyFrancePortugalSpainUnited KingdomWorldWide ↑ NetMedia International © Copyright 2024 All rights reserved. Part of NetMedia International. About NetMedia International