Vox - Our world, explained Skip to main content clock menu more-arrow no yes mobile Vox homepage Give Give Newsletters Newsletters Site search Search Search Vox main menu Explainers Crossword Video Podcasts Politics Policy Culture Science Technology Climate Health Money Life Future Perfect Newsletters More Explainers Israel-Hamas war 2024 election Supreme Court Tax season Winter warming What to watch All explainers Crossword Video Podcasts Politics Policy Culture Science Technology Climate Health Money Life Future Perfect Newsletters ✕ Top Stories Filed under: Climate Why is Biden blocking the cheapest, most popular EVs in the world? Biden needs to decide if he likes the climate more than he hates China. By Dylan Matthews The Supreme Court just crushed any hope that Trump could be removed from the ballot This is the second major victory the Supreme Court handed Trump in less than one week. By Ian Millhiser Fetal personhood laws, explained The anti-abortion legal theory that could jeopardize IVF around the country. By Anna North 4 ways to file your taxes for free Yes, doing your taxes is hard. No, you don’t need to shell out hundreds of dollars to file them. By Allie Volpe The conspiracy theories about Kate Middleton’s disappearance, explained Until March 4, the princess hadn’t been seen in public since Christmas. By Constance Grady How to do your taxes, according to an accountant Including when to do them yourself, when to seek out help, and helpful strategies for keeping track of it all. By Nicole Dieker The courts were never going to save America from Donald Trump No one is coming to save US democracy, except for ourselves. By Ian Millhiser What do Americans want from their food? The answers are in Trader Joe’s recalls. Leaving food safety to private enterprise has risks. By Keren Landman, MD Understand the news with Today, Explained Subscribe Apple Spotify Radio More apps Listen now in app or on public radio Why groceries are still so expensive When it’s time to Stop & Shop, the American Publix is finding it costs more than ever to fill a Market Basket. Whizy Kim and Elizabeth Pancotti help Target the problem and explain whether a Price Chopper is coming to save us. The Latest The anti-abortion playbook for restricting birth control By Rachel M. Cohen March 3 Are we in the middle of an extinction panic? By Sean Illing March 3 How to master the art of small talk By Allie Volpe March 2 The CDC has finally loosened Covid isolation guidelines. Here’s why that’s a good thing. By Keren Landman, MD March 1 Who fakes cancer research? Apparently, lots of people. By Kelsey Piper March 1 Take a mental break with the newest Vox crossword By Vox Staff March 1 Giant worms, dour nuns, and Timothée Chalamet: The world of Dune, briefly explained By Patrick Reis and Caroline Houck March 1 America has a good model for how to handle immigration: America By Abdallah Fayyad March 1 Driving at ridiculous speeds should be physically impossible By David Zipper March 1 From Vox Media We're building great things, and we need your talent. More than 100 Palestinians were killed trying to get aid By Ellen Ioanes February 29 Play Space trash lasers, explained By Coleman Lowndes February 29 Get Vox in your inbox. Sign up for Vox’s free newsletters. By Vox Staff April 7, 2023 Dune: Part 2 explained, for someone who has no idea what Dune is By Alex Abad-Santos and Patrick Reis February 29 Vox, explain it to me By Gabriela Fernandez July 12, 2023 Texas fires happen in the winter. Just never at this scale before. By Umair Irfan February 29 How Mitch McConnell broke Congress By Ian Millhiser February 29 Even Better View All How to do your taxes, according to an accountant 4 ways to file your taxes for free How to master the art of small talk The CDC has finally loosened Covid isolation guidelines. Here’s why that’s a good thing. A poster’s guide to who’s selling your data to train AI By A.W. Ohlheiser February 29 Trump’s immigration policies are his old ones — but worse By Li Zhou February 29 The less-than-magical Willy Wonka event, briefly explained By Li Zhou February 28 Video Space trash lasers, explained Space debris is a huge problem, but we can fix it. Play video for Space trash lasers, explained We’re already using AI more than we realize How artificial intelligence hides in plain sight. Play video for We’re already using AI more than we realize Sign up for the Vox video newsletter Don’t miss our new video projects, returning series, and opportunities to get involved with our reporting. More in Video vox-mark Sign up for the newsletter Today, Explained Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day. Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page. Subscribe Explainers The conspiracy theories about Kate Middleton’s disappearance, explained Until March 4, the princess hadn’t been seen in public since Christmas. More in Explainers Podcast The Weeds Subscribe Apple Spotify More apps Subscribe Now The case for banning...millionaires? Sean talks with political philosopher Ingrid Robeyns, whose new book Limitarianism makes the case for imposing limits on personal wealth. The Supreme Court just handed Trump an astonishing victory By Ian Millhiser February 28 This chart of ocean temperatures should really scare you By Benji Jones February 28 How Mitch McConnell lost by winning By Andrew Prokop February 28 How Amy Coney Barrett could save us from fully legal automatic weapons By Ian Millhiser February 28 Play We’re already using AI more than we realize By Christophe Haubursin February 28 Filed under: Your guide to the 2024 Oscars Everything you need to know about this year’s Academy Awards. View All Stories Why all the internet’s boyfriends are Irish By Kyndall Cunningham February 28 Black Nazis? A woman pope? That’s just the start of Google’s AI problem. By Sigal Samuel February 28 Should Big Pharma pay poor countries for finding new diseases? By Dylan Scott February 28 Can Biden contain the fallout from his Gaza policy in Michigan? By Nicole Narea February 28 Do 1 in 5 Americans really believe Taylor Swift is in cahoots with Biden? By Christian Paz February 27 Winter heat waves are now a thing. Here’s how to make sense of them. By Umair Irfan February 27 This stream has: 11 Updates What’s happening to our winters? By Vox Staff February 27 Why the Palestinian Authority’s government dissolved By Ellen Ioanes February 27 A guide to starting your mental health journey By Keren Landman, MD February 27 Biden has been bad for Palestinians. Trump would be worse. By Zack Beauchamp February 27 Why elite colleges are bringing the SAT back By Fabiola Cineas February 27 Why half the people you know are obsessed with this book series By Constance Grady February 27 The Supreme Court appeared lost in a massive case about free speech online By Ian Millhiser February 26 Why leap years exist, explained in one simple animation By Brian Resnick February 26 Podcasts Helping you understand the most important news in the world, five days a week Go right up to the edge of what we know … and then keep going Embrace uncertainty More in Podcasts vox-mark Sign up for the newsletter Vox Recommends Curated picks of the best Vox journalism to read, watch, and listen to every week, from our editors. Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Subscribe Pagination More Stories Sign up for the newsletter Today, Explained Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day. Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page. Subscribe close Chorus Facebook Twitter YouTube About us Our staff Privacy policy Ethics & Guidelines How we make money Contact us How to pitch Vox Contact Send Us a Tip Vox MediaVox Media Vox Media logo. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media Author Login © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved