POLITICO – European Politics, Policy, Government News Skip to main content Advertisement Search for: Submit Edition: Europe Europe UK France Germany US Policy areas Agriculture and Food Central Banker Competition and Industrial Policy Cybersecurity and Data Protection Defense Energy and Climate Energy and Climate UK Financial Services Financial Services UK Health Care Mobility Paris Influence Sustainability Technology Technology UK Trade Trade UK Newsletters Berlin Bulletin Berlin Playbook Brussels Playbook China Watcher Digital Bridge Dimanchissime EU Election Playbook EU Influence Global Playbook Global Policy Lab: Living Cities London Influence London Playbook Playbook Paris POLITICO Confidential Sunday Crunch Podcasts EU Confidential Politics at Jack and Sam's Power Play Westminster Insider Opinion All Opinion Beyond the Bubble Club Med Declassified From Across the Pond Unpacked Featured Series COP28 Living Cities POLITICO 28 Qatargate files Poll of polls Elections in Europe European Parliament election Politico Live See All Future Events About our events Apps Apple Store Google Play Store More Info About Us Media Solutions POLITICO Studio Press Print Edition Contact Us Jobs Careers at POLITICO POLITICO Pro Europe Europe UK France Germany US Log In POLITICO Pro Home EU election War in Ukraine Israel-Hamas war Newsletters Podcasts Poll of Polls Policy news Events Home Israel-Hamas war War in Ukraine U.K. election Newsletters Podcasts Policy areas About our events Latest news UN: ‘Reasonable grounds to believe’ Hamas committed sexual violence on Oct. 7 EU to ban single-use plastic in deal on new green packaging rules Stalin could have been poisoned by the West, Russian communists claim Biden team eyes ways to rush humanitarian aid to Gaza via sea 4 teens arrested for planning terrorist attack in Brussels Putin’s masterful spy op leaves Scholz in the cold Moscow’s espionage coup has divided Western allies, discredited Scholz and hampered Kyiv’s push for weapons. 7 mins read Russia using Serbian agent to infiltrate EU bodies, Western intel says 4 mins read Europe turns on its war machine 6 mins read By the numbers: How conflict in the Red Sea disrupts global trade 1 min read Ukrainians are still waiting for Abramovich’s billions 7 mins read Advertisement Opinion What NATO allies must do to prepare for Russian aggression 8 mins read Germany scrambles to plug military audio leak 4 mins read France makes abortion a constitutional right amid rollbacks in US and Europe 5 mins read Advertisement Editors’ picks Gleeful Russia relishes German Taurus leak scandal 4 mins read Israel’s plan to hunt down Hamas killers 16 mins read In race for top EU, NATO jobs, Eastern Europe asks: ‘Are we equals or not?’ 5 mins read From the grave, Navalny takes a last jab at Putin Despite the risk of persecution, thousands publicly paid their last respects to the opposition leader in cities across Russia. 7 mins read Israel under pressure to justify its use of AI in Gaza Activists are demanding more transparency on the deployment of artificial intelligence technologies in the region. 9 mins read Europe’s Socialists scramble for ideas to fight far-right surge “The very soul of Europe is at risk,” warns Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez. 4 mins read Diva jets: Why ‘sensitive’ F-16s will be hard work for Ukraine The multi-role Western fighters will help Ukraine even the odds but it won’t be easy to use the “high maintenance” jets in wartime. 6 mins read Newsletters Get the best of POLITICO in your inbox. See All Newsletters EU Election Playbook Your essential companion on the #EU2024 campaign trail. Subscribe Berlin Playbook Das POLITICO-Briefing zu den wichtigsten Ereignissen des Tages in Berlin. Subscribe Brussels Playbook POLITICO’s must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Brussels, by Jakob Hanke Vela. Subscribe Global Playbook Your VIP pass to the world’s most influential gatherings Subscribe POLITICO Confidential The best of POLITICO's coverage selected by Editor in Chief Jamil Anderlini. Discover the most impactful stories in Europe and beyond. Subscribe Berlin Bulletin A weekly newsletter on German politics, with news and analysis on the policies and people that shape the post-Merkel era. Subscribe London Playbook What's driving the day in Westminster. Politics and policymaking in the UK capital. Subscribe Playbook Paris Le briefing politique essentiel du matin, par Elisa Bertholomey et Anthony Lattier. Subscribe Global Policy Lab A collaborative journalism project seeking solutions to challenges faced by modern societies in an age of rapid change. Subscribe EU Influence A weekly newsletter on campaigning, lobbying and political influence in the EU. Subscribe Digital Bridge POLITICO's weekly transatlantic tech newsletter uncovers the digital relationship between critical power-centers through exclusive insights and breaking news for global technology elites and political influencers. Subscribe China Watcher Decoding transatlantic relations with Beijing, a bi-weekly newsletter out every Tuesday and Thursday at 11:00 a.m. CET and 5:00 a.m. EST. Subscribe Podcasts Tune in to POLITICO podcasts, available on your favorite platform. See All Podcasts The Week … Of the Budget How to prepare for opposition European Parliament election 2024 — state of play Presented by Ernst and Young. Will NATO send troops to Ukraine? Estonia’s Kaja Kallas on war, Trump and European defense Advertisement Advertisement POLITICO Live The extension of POLITICO’s unmatched political and policy journalism. Working Group: Rare diseases and the battle to define unmet medical needs Our roundtable of EU and national policymakers, industry experts and patients will discuss the best approach to define unmet medical needs and Belgium’s multi-criteria approach. Register Pro Workshop: The clock is ticking, what’s next for the EU Green Deal? Find out about the progress made on the remaining key legislative files and the upcoming ambitions ahead of the next mandate. Register Europe’s road to sustainable competitiveness MEPs, climate and competitiveness experts will assess the Green Deal’s impact on the European economy and discuss sustainable competitiveness. Register POLITICO Live’s Spotlight “The EU election edition: Europe’s energy future” Discover the latest insights from experts on the EU’s energy security amidst the European election. Register Most read Gleeful Russia relishes German Taurus leak scandal Mar 4 4 mins read In race for top EU, NATO jobs, Eastern Europe asks: ‘Are we equals or not?’ Mar 4 5 mins read Putin’s masterful spy op leaves Scholz in the cold Mar 5 7 mins read From the grave, Navalny takes a last jab at Putin Mar 1 7 mins read Macron: The grand master of grandstanding Mar 4 6 mins read Israel’s plan to hunt down Hamas killers Mar 4 16 mins read France Farmers turn up heat on Macron. Is the far right leading them? 5 mins read Macron picks farmer-friendly MEP to lead against far right in EU election 3 mins read Macron wants to lead Europe on Ukraine. France may not let him. 7 mins read French PM Attal outshines Macron with warm welcome at farmer fair 2 mins read Germany Germany probes leak in Russia of audio purportedly showing talks on Ukraine aid 2 mins read UK slams Scholz over claims Britain, France are helping Ukraine target missiles 3 mins read Intel nears EU decision on multibillion German state aid check 2 mins read Scholz and Macron feud over arms for Ukraine 5 mins read Washington US tech giants refuse to work with Britain’s top secret military censorship board The shadowy committee is struggling to keep pace with new trends in social media and open source journalism. 9 mins read Russia warns NATO of certain war if West puts troops into Ukraine Allied leaders rush to distance themselves from French President Emmanuel Macron’s suggestion that allies could put boots on the ground to help Kyiv. 5 mins read GOP senators signal that only way out of Ukraine-Russia war is likely ‘negotiated settlement’ “That’s probably where this thing ends up,” said Sen. J.D. Vance. 2 mins read Brussels EU presses countries to rescue drowning solar industry 3 mins read EU warns of winter energy price hike as Russia-Ukraine gas deal ends 4 mins read Europe, in denial, longs for rules-based global trade order 6 mins read Von der Leyen: Use Russian asset profits to buy ammo for Ukraine 2 mins read Get ahead of the policies that matter to you The precise information you need to stay ahead of the curve, precisely when you need it. Go pro now Britain Sunak warns against ‘poison’ of extremism in rare Downing Street speech British prime minister gets out the lectern after divisive Rochdale by-election and chaotic scenes in the House of Commons. 3 mins read How George Galloway harnessed the Middle East to derail an election in forgotten Rochdale Victory for pro-Palestinian firebrand follows the ugliest by-election campaign in living memory. 10 mins read UK slams Scholz over claims Britain, France are helping Ukraine target missiles German chancellor faces blowback after he said Paris and London are aiding in “target control.” 3 mins read The Continent European leaders demand probe into Gaza aid delivery ‘atrocities’ 3 mins read Putin threatens NATO with nuclear strike if it sends troops to Ukraine 2 mins read Putin’s vision for Russia’s next 6 years: Keep fighting, quit drinking, have babies 6 mins read Ukrainian forces hunt down Russian fighters worldwide 3 mins read Opinion From Across the Pond Macron: The grand master of grandstanding 6 mins read By Ivo Daalder Beyond the Bubble EU’s pretending to be an honest trade cop 6 mins read By Anchal Vohra Unpacked Ukraine’s in a dire position. Macron’s gaffe made things worse. 6 mins read By Jamie Dettmer Germany Interpreted How Germany is learning to love its army 6 mins read By John Kampfner Advertisement Discover POLITICO's print edition Read the latest print issue online Read it here POLITICO Jobs Publish your ad on POLITICO.eu Jobs and reach thousands of viewers every month. Latest jobs Facebook Twitter YouTube App Store Play Store Policy Agriculture and Food Central Banker Competition and Industrial Policy Cybersecurity and Data Protection Defense Energy and Climate Energy and Climate UK Financial Services Financial Services UK Health Care Mobility Paris Influence Sustainability Technology Technology UK Trade Trade UK Newsletters Berlin Bulletin Berlin Playbook Brussels Playbook China Watcher Digital Bridge Dimanchissime EU Election Playbook EU Influence Global Playbook Global Policy Lab: Living Cities London Influence London Playbook Playbook Paris POLITICO Confidential Sunday Crunch Podcasts EU Confidential Politics at Jack and Sam's Power Play Westminster Insider Opinion All Opinion Beyond the Bubble Club Med Declassified From Across the Pond Unpacked Featured Series COP28 Living Cities POLITICO 28 Qatargate files Subscriptions POLITICO Pro Print Edition Research and analysis division About us Contact us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Media Solutions Research and Analysis Division Press Print Edition Jobs Careers at POLITICO Ts&Cs FAQs Manage Privacy Settings