Long Island New York Guide to Hotels, Events, Restaurants, News and more Brought to you by Home Things To Do All Things To Do Amusement Parks Beaches Boating & Fishing Golf Courses Event Calendar Kids Entertainment Museums Nightlife Parks Restaurants Sports Summer Camps Theaters Tours Vineyard Tours Wineries Events Calendar Of Events Places To Go Free Events Today Tomorrow This Weekend Next 7 Days Next 30 Days Add an Event Feature Your Event Restaurants Business News Happenings More LIRR Schedules Traffic Cameras Ferry Schedules Guides Long Island Travel Guide (LICVB) Festivals & Fairs Guide Used Cars Camps Colleges Day Camps Home Improvement Hotels Kids Entertainment Nightlife Private Schools Prom Restaurants Summer Camps Things To Do Weddings Newsletter Find A Business Business Directory Bars & Clubs Car Dealers Catering Halls Day Care Home Improvement Hotels Insurance Agents Lawyers Limos Movers Nightlife Restaurants Spas Things To Do Wedding Services More... Feature Your Business Lawyers Real Estate Home Improvement Weather × Weather Alert FLOOD WATCH IN EFFECT FROM WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON THROUGH LATE WEDNESDAY NIGHT * WHAT...Flooding caused by excessive rainfall is possible. * WHERE...Portions of southern Connecticut, including the following areas, Northern Fairfield, Northern Middlesex, Northern New Haven, Northern New London, Southern Fairfield, Southern Middlesex, Southern New Haven and Southern New London, northeast New Jersey, including the following areas, Eastern Bergen, Eastern Essex, Eastern Passaic, Eastern Union, Hudson, Western Bergen, Western Essex, Western Passaic and Western Union, and southeast New York, including the following areas, Bronx, Kings (Brooklyn), New York (Manhattan), Northeast Suffolk, Northern Nassau, Northern Queens, Northern Westchester, Northwest Suffolk, Putnam, Richmond (Staten Island), Rockland, Southeast Suffolk, Southern Nassau, Southern Queens, Southern Westchester and Southwest Suffolk. * WHEN...From Wednesday afternoon through late Wednesday night. * IMPACTS...Excessive runoff may result in flooding of rivers, creeks, streams, and other low-lying and flood-prone locations. Flooding may occur in poor drainage and urban areas. * ADDITIONAL DETAILS... - One to three inches of rain, with locally higher amounts, is expected. - http://www.weather.gov/safety/flood Weather | LIRR | Traffic | Traffic Cams | Weather News Long Island's Most Popular Website™ Since 1996 Headlines Welcome Welcome to LongIsland.com - the place the internet goes for all things Long Island! Since 1996 we have been providing our visitors with all the latest Long Island news, popular events, an online community, and much more. Whether you're a native or a tourist we can connect you with the information that you need to get the most out of your LI experience. Looking for a scenic beach for the perfect afternoon? Seeking a home improvement contractor to help you plan an addition? Planning a visit and interested in things to do? We've got you covered on all counts - connect quick and free by registering your account today! So just what can you expect out of your time on LongIsland.com? Our reporters will keep you informed on the local headlines in our Long Island news section. Get help and ideas from neighbors in our friendly community forums. Use our search to find the answers to your Long Island questions. Popular guides on nightlife, restaurants, and weddings help those in need to plan the best day possible. Make use of our free services to post a classified, submit a press release, or announce an upcoming event. As you can see, our staff has been working overtime to help you connect with Long Island in a way like never before! We love feedback, so feel free to drop us a line to let us know how your experience was by using the "Feedback" button on the right-hand side of the page. Thank you for stopping by and enjoy your stay! - LongIsland.com Staff Suffolk Homicide Detectives Announce Arrests Made in Connection with Discovery of Human Body Parts in Babylon Police: One Dead in Crash on Southern State Parkway on Monday Afternoon Attorney General James Sues Large-Scale Predatory Lending Operation Targeting Small Businesses Facebook Down For Thousands on Long Island Due To Popular Demand Kevin Hart Adds Second Stand Up Comedy Show "Brand New Material" At NYCB Theatre In Westbury, NY Town of Oyster Bay Launches Pet Food & Supply Drive with LI Cares Long Island's Solid Waste Future to Be Discussed at Stony Brook University Forum March 13 Defendant Sentenced To 3 To 6 Years In Prison For Vehicular Assault Governor Hochul Provides Update On Belmont Park Modernization Project Attorney General James Secures $8.6 Million, Significant Reforms to Long Island Nursing Home after Repeated Financial Fraud, Resident Mistreatment 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Governor Hochul Announces Funding Now Available To Support Electric... - 3/5/24 by Chris B. Suffolk SPCA: Sadistic 17-Year-Old Charged with Beating Stray Cat... - 3/5/24 by Chris B. More Top Stories Latest On Long Island Where to Eat Local Eats We got the scoop on where to Eat and have Fun. Day Trips Day Trips 2024 One of the best ways to see all that Long Island has to offer is to plan a day trip. Family Fun Local Landmarks From the Big Duck to the Montauk Lighthouse, Long Island has its fair share of iconic landmarks to visit! Nightlife LI's Hottest Nightlife Dance the night away at LI's favorite Hot Spots News Long Island News Breaking News and latest happenings on Long Island. Winter Guide 2023 Winter Guide 2024 What to do on Long Island throughout the Winter months! Find Events on Long Island: Find Events Latest Events Trivia Night at Spaghettini Pizza Port Jefferson's Bunny Express Strictly Murder - Hampton Theatre... Revival House Music Business & Services View All | Add Listing LongIsland.com is the best way to find local businesses and services! Theaters New York has always been known for its rich heritage of theatre and performing arts culture Day Camps before getting the summer blues, make sure to check out some of the great Day Camps that Long island has to offer Vineyard Tours One of the most renowned attractions on Long Island has been the vast expanse of vineyards Kids Entertainment Have fun 365 days of the year when you plan a day at these indoor fun centers Fishing Long Island Marinas are also the home base for fishing charters and party boats Things To Do Whether you're looking for indoor or outdoor fun, there is always something to do no matter where on Long Island Airport Transportation Catering Halls Bars & Clubs Car Service Catering Colleges Contractors Day Camps Home Improvement Hotels Insurance Kitchen & Bath Lawyers Limos Real Estate Restaurants Used Cars Nassau County Neighborhoods City of Glen Cove City of Long Beach Town of Hempstead Atlantic Beach Baldwin Bellerose Terrace Bellmore Bethpage Cedarhurst East Meadow East Rockaway Elmont Floral Park Franklin Square Freeport Garden City Hempstead Hewlett Inwood Island Park Lawrence Levittown Lynbrook Malverne Merrick Mineola New Hyde Park North Lynbrook North Valley Stream North Woodmere Oceanside Point Lookout Rockville Centre Roosevelt Seaford South Hempstead Uniondale Valley Stream Wantagh West Hempstead Woodmere Town of North Hempstead Albertson Carle Place Floral Park Glenwood Landing Great Neck Greenvale Kings Point Manhasset Mineola New Hyde Park North New Hyde Park Old Westbury Port Washington Roslyn Roslyn Heights Westbury Williston Park Town of Oyster Bay Bayville Bethpage East Norwich Farmingdale Glen Head Glenwood Landing Greenvale Hicksville Jericho Locust Valley Massapequa Massapequa Park Mill Neck Old Bethpage Old Westbury Oyster Bay Plainview Sea Cliff Syosset Woodbury Suffolk County Neighborhoods Town of Babylon Amityville Babylon Copiague Deer Park Lindenhurst North Amityville North Babylon West Babylon West Islip Wyandanch Town of Brookhaven Bellport Blue Point Brookhaven Calverton Centereach Center Moriches Coram East Moriches East Patchogue Eastport East Setauket Farmingville Holbrook Holtsville Lake Grove Manorville Mastic Mastic Beach Medford Middle Island Miller Place Moriches Mount Sinai North Patchogue Patchogue Port Jefferson Port Jefferson Station Ridge Rocky Point Ronkonkoma Selden Shirley Shoreham Sound Beach Stony Brook Upton Wading River Yaphank Town of East Hampton Amagansett East Hampton Montauk Sag Harbor Wainscott Town of Huntington Centerport Cold Spring Harbor Commack East Northport Greenlawn Huntington Huntington Station Lloyd Harbor Melville Northport Town of Islip Bayport Bay Shore Bohemia Brentwood Brightwaters Central Islip East Islip Great River Hauppauge Holbrook Holtsville Islandia Islip Islip Terrace Oakdale Ocean Beach Ronkonkoma Sayville West Islip West Sayville Town of Riverhead Aquebogue Calverton Jamesport Laurel Manorville Riverhead South Jamesport Wading River Town of Shelter Island Shelter Island Shelter Island Heights Town of Smithtown Commack Hauppauge Kings Park Nesconset Saint James Smithtown Town of Southampton Bridgehampton Eastport East Quogue Hampton Bays Quogue Remsenburg Sagaponack Sag Harbor Southampton Speonk Water Mill Westhampton Westhampton Beach Town of Southold Cutchogue East Marion Fishers Island Greenport Laurel Mattituck New Suffolk Orient Peconic Southold If you're a local business, organization, restaurant, or event planner on Long Island, then you'll want to be featured on LongIsland.com, and get the exposure to the Long Island community you need to thrive. With traffic from thousands of locals each day, if you are trying to reach Long Islanders, there is no better way. LongIsland.com brings together the resources and knowledge that the community utilizes daily to make decisions on planning their weekend activities, finding the right local business for the job, organizing special events, and everything in between. If you're located on Long Island and have something to share with the community, then contact us today about becoming featured on LongIsland.com! Things To Do Events Vineyards Restaurants Nightlife Beaches Museums More... Business Directory Car Dealers Contractors Day Camps Hotels Limos Wedding Venues More... Resources News LIRR Schedule Traffic Weather Neighborhood Guide Company Advertise Contact About Follow Us Sign up for our Weekend Guide Seasonal Fun, Festivals & Events emailed to your inbox every Friday Go Sitemap Disclaimer Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 1996-2024 LongIsland.com & Long Island Media, Inc. All rights reserved.