National Association of Counties MyNACo Sign In Resource Library News County Explorer Tools For Counties Toggle Menu Tools For Counties Advocacy Hub Tools For Counties Cost Savings Tools For Counties Counties Lead Tools For Counties Programs & Resources Tools For Counties County News Topics Events Toggle Menu Events 2024 Legislative Conference Events 2024 WIR Conference Events 2024 Annual Conference Events All Conferences Events Upcoming Webinars About NACo Toggle Menu About NACo How We Work About NACo Officers About NACo Board of Directors About NACo Committees & Caucuses About NACo NACo EDGE About NACo Corporate Engagement About NACo Membership Counties 101 Toggle Menu Counties 101 County Policy Priorities Counties 101 How Counties Work Counties 101 Tell Your County's Story Counties 101 County Explorer Data Strengthening America's Counties Healthy, safe and vibrant counties across America Counties by the Numbers 3.6M County employees America's counties employ 3.6 million public servants, representing one out of every 50 American workers. 40,000 Elected officials 40,000 county elected officials are responsible for maintaining roads and bridges, caring for our health, administering elections, ensuring public safety, strengthening environmental stewardship and so much more. $600B Invested each year Counties invest over $600 billion annually into our communities. Serving Our Residents Counties Matter County governments are so present in our everyday lives that we sometimes overlook the many ways counties help our communities thrive. Often behind the scenes, county leaders are responsible for maintaining roads and bridges, caring for our physical and mental health, administering our elections, ensuring public safety, strengthening environmental stewardship, and so much more.Counties 101 Resource County Economies 2024: Under the Hood of National Economic Trends Read More Get Involved Advocacy Hub Visit NACo‘s advocacy hub to learn about counties’s priorities in federal policymaking.Advocacy Hub Advocacy Resources Detailed analysis and customizable tools to support outreach on federal policy issues. Program American Rescue Plan Resource Hub Implementing Infrastructure Investments at the County Level: The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law (P.L. 117-58) October 7, 2022 Medicaid Inmate Exclusion Policy (MIEP) Advocacy Toolkit July 13, 2023 Program Supreme Court Advocacy Hub Program Payments in Lieu of Taxes Action Center Program Waters of the U.S. Action Center Our Top Picks Resource Top 10 County Policy Priorities for Behavioral Health Reform January 31, 2024 Resource BEAD Program Toolkit for Counties October 31, 2023 Resource Advancing Local Housing Affordability: NACo Housing Task Force Final Report August 1, 2023 Resource The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law: Examining Investments in County Infrastructure February 7, 2024 Conference 2024 NACo Legislative Conference The NACo Legislative Conference brought together nearly 2,000 elected and appointed county officials to focus on federal policy issues that impact counties and our residents.Explore the Highlights Upcoming Events View All Webinar Unlock the Power of CJCCs: Enhancing Your County's Justice System March 11, 2024 Whether you're looking to create a CJCC from scratch or enhance an existing one, discover the invaluable insights needed to make your county's justice system more efficient, fair and just. Webinar Five Keys to Enhancing Civic Engagement: Meeting Diverse Community Needs with 21st-Century Solutions March 12, 2024 With only 41% of citizens satisfied with their government’s information-sharing practices and the needs of communities becoming more diverse, civic engagement can be a huge challenge. Luckily, there is a modern approach.During this webinar, we’ll unpack 5 actionable steps to enhance civic engagement. The communities around the country that are employing these keys are experiencing an engaged community like never before. Webinar Agenda: Civic engagement statistics 5 keys to enhance your civic engagementSuccess stories from your peers Webinar How Franklin County, Ohio Modernized Government Experiences for Staff and Residents March 14, 2024 Join us for an eye-opening webinar as we explore Franklin County, Ohio's journey to solving long-standing challenges. Uncover how they've embraced "Rapid Low-Code Application Development" to become faster and more collaborative and pave the way for smarter governance through iterative solutions. Webinar From Care to Productivity: Leveraging Mental Health First Aid Strategies to Cultivate a Thriving and Resilient Workforce March 14, 2024 Mental Health First Aid. Webinar County Strategies Supporting Older Adults and Their Caregivers March 18, 2024 Join NACo and the National Academy for State Health Policy (NASHP) to learn more about the new Action Guide for counties. Webinar Embracing Financial Innovation: Empowering Beaufort County's Treasurer's Department March 20, 2024 Join us for an insightful webinar as we delve into the cutting-edge financial strategies employed by Maria Walls, Treasurer of Beaufort County, SC. Discover how she is transforming fiscal management with the support of the cashVest program. In this interactive session, Treasurer Walls will share her experiences and success stories in leveraging data to optimize the county's liquidity, maximize returns, and enhance overall financial performance. Learn about the strategic decisions made possible by this unique program that has generated over $12 million dollars for her community in the last 12 months alone! Cost-Saving Tools Solutions from NACo EDGE NACo EDGE establishes sustainable, cost-saving and value-added solutions that can be applied to counties nationwide. By providing quality solutions, we strive to develop and maintain healthy, vibrant and safe counties across the United States.Learn More Solutions for Counties NACo Deferred Compensation Program NACo's Deferred Compensation Program has helped more than 1.5 million county employees and retirees save for and live comfortably in retirement. More than 423,000 county employees from over 3,000 county agencies participate, with accumulated assets of more than $25 billion. Public Promise Insurance Agency Public Promise Insurance is a fully licensed provider that strengthens local governments. We provide voluntary benefits to public employees and their families with cost effective and best-in-class solutions. Public Promise Procurement Providing public sector and other entities with a vetted, transparent option for purchasing goods and services more efficiently and cost effectively. Live Healthy U.S. Counties The NACo Live Healthy Prescription, Health & Dental Discount Program is a no-cost program available to all member counties, providing relief to uninsured and underinsured Americans facing growing health costs. cashvest® by threeplusone® cashvest® by threeplusone® provides a new and unparalleled level of liquidity analysis and data services for local, county, school district and community college governing bodies. ClearGov® ClearGov® is the leading provider of budget cycle management software, focused on helping local governments streamline the annual budgeting process. Mental Health First Aid Mental Health First Aid is a skills-based training administered by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing. NACo High Performance Leadership Academy The NACo High Performance Leadership Academy is an innovative, completely online 12-week program created to equip frontline county government professionals with practical leadership skills to deliver results for counties and communities. NACo Enterprise Cybersecurity Leadership Academy The NACo Enterprise Cybersecurity Leadership Academy is an online 12-week collaborative readiness program led by Fortune 500 CISOs and peers who deliver a proven framework and insights on leading and securing a network and an organization. Featured Initiatives & Resources American Rescue Plan Resource Hub March 21, 2021 In this resource hub, find stories of counties investing these resource to support our residents, technical assistance in implementing these programs in your county and our latest analysis and research. Implementing Infrastructure Investments at the County Level: The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law (P.L. 117-58) October 7, 2022 Program Opioid Solutions Center NACo's Opioid Solutions Center empowers local leaders to invest resources in effective treatment, recovery, prevention and harm reduction practices that save lives and address the underlying causes of substance use disorder. Program NACo Commission on Mental Health and Wellbeing Launched in February 2023, the NACo Commission on Mental Health and Wellbeing brings together county leaders from across the nation to take action to address the ever-growing mental health crisis from the county government perspective. County News: Celebrating 55 Years NACo's award-winning County News is celebrating 55 years covering America's counties. Read the Latest 2024 NACo Legislative Conference Coverage February 9, 2024 NACo's County News team is here at the conference providing daily recaps of each day's sessions, and keeping you informed on all the resources being released at the conference. County News Ten counties to test signature verification for vote-by-mail in North Carolina primary January 29, 2024 Ten North Carolina counties are testing out signature verification for absentee ballots cast during the March primary that, if implemented statewide, would make North Carolina the strictest voting-by-mail process in the country. County News Election administrators face profound challenges January 29, 2024 Retaining election officials will mean refusing to make harassment the new normal, reimagining elections offices and investing in elections. County News Cook County creates health and social services center for asylum-seekers February 12, 2024 Cook County opened and expanded the Refugee Health Center to meet the needs of an influx of asylum-seekers. Get Involved Join NACo and Lead NACo unites nearly 40,000 county elected officials and 3.6 million county employees to advocate for county priorities, promote exemplary county policies and practices, nurture leadership skills, optimize county and taxpayer resources, and enrich the public’s understanding of county government.Join NACo Stay Up-To-Date Enter your email to receive the latest updates from NACo. Also, be sure to also follow us on social media. 660 North Capitol Street, NW Suite 400 Washington, DC 20001(202) 393-6226 (888) 407-NACo (6226)Contact Us SECTIONS About Counties About NACo NACo EDGE Officers Board of Directors Staff Federal Policy Advocacy Policy Priorities Resource Library Professional Development Events Conferences Upcoming Webinars On-Demand Events News Press Releases Corporate Partnerships Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2024 National Association of Counties Menu Tools For Counties Toggle Menu Tools For Counties Advocacy Hub Tools For Counties Cost Savings Tools For Counties Counties Lead Tools For Counties Programs & Resources Tools For Counties County News Topics Events Toggle Menu Events 2024 Legislative Conference Events 2024 WIR Conference Events 2024 Annual Conference Events All Conferences Events Upcoming Webinars About NACo Toggle Menu About NACo How We Work About NACo Officers About NACo Board of Directors About NACo Committees & Caucuses About NACo NACo EDGE About NACo Corporate Engagement About NACo Membership Counties 101 Toggle Menu Counties 101 County Policy Priorities Counties 101 How Counties Work Counties 101 Tell Your County's Story Counties 101 County Explorer Data MyNACo Sign In Resource Library News County Explorer